5	I am may be picky but I can tear apart a blue crab like nobody's business. I consider myself an expert in this area as I grew up around the Baltimore, MD area - home of the Blue Crab if you ask anyone who knows anything about how to get it done.I told one of the owners, John, that wouldn't it just figure that 3 weeks before I am leaving Las Vegas....I would find Blue Crabs after 20 years. I actually reconsidered my plan to move after eating here. I am not even kidding - but then John offered to ship the crabs to D.I.A. for me and I decided to stick to my plan to move to Denver.But I digress (as usual)....this place is LEGIT. TOO LEGIT TO QUIT if you ask me. I went with my dad, who is in town from the MD area, I knew that he would be the one to experience Crab Corner with me. We already knew that we were set on splitting an order of #2 males. But what else to get....BOARDWALK FRIES? Stop it right now. As I bit into the fry, I was immediately taken back to Ocean City, MD. And then the crabs came that were SO fresh and prepared perfectly with Old Bay sprinkled all over their bodies. H-E-A-V-E-N.And then I just read below that Utz Potato Chips are on the way. All I can say about that is !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I already have 2 dates set to go back and visit the Crab Corner before my departure from Vegas on January 8 and you better believe that every time I come into town to visit, this will be on my list of Top Stops. Thank you, Crab Corner, for bringing a little piece of my hometown to my homeplace, Las Vegas.
5	So i was visiting vegas from la recently and drove by and this place caught my eye, this establishment rocks! I am a seafood junkie and this place did not disappoint, I just wish there were a crab corner by me. The garlic crab, the blue crab, the calamari, and the hush puppies are to die for, I'll be craving these until I can visit again. The two brothers who run this place are so nice and attentive and the prices are surprisingly low. Try this place out if you love seafood and I promise, you will leave happy!
5	This is my favorite place in town. Great Crabs, Awesome owners.  They truly care about their service and the people that come in.  Cant beat the Boardwalk fries with vinegar. I highly recommend this place to anyone that wants to try a taste of maryland and especially the people from back east!!!
4	I'm not too big of a fan of Crabs. However, I did want to try Maryland style crabcakes and I like to support local restaurants. The crabcakes were pretty good and according to my mom its just as good as the ones she had in Maryland. We also ordered the fried soft shell crab, which lived up to our expectations as well. The sides (fries, potato salad, corn) were delicious because they all had a homemade taste. We were impressed by the freshness of the seafood and I wouldn't expect anything less because they claim to have it shipped daily. The only true thing I would complain about is the table and chairs, although this is a casual seafood place they definately need an upgrade.
5	I've always been more of a bbq connoisseur until the past several months.  As I've opened my palate to genuine seafood (Crabs, oysters, etc) I've become very particular on where to eat and how the food is prepared.  Of the few seafood places in Vegas to eat and the many I've tried while traveling the country, Crab Corner is easily the best.  The atmosphere, food and genuine people that work there is second to none.  I could fill up this review with many more positives and no negatives but I would rather keep it short and let you know......GO TO CRAB CORNER!!!!  You are guaranteed a great time and will make it back whenever you have a craving for seafood.  I'm sure you'll show this restaurant off to your friends when they come in town; I know I will!
4	Arrived the day an article posted in the RJ about Crab Corner, it was busy!! Really glad to see that our local businesses can prosper from an article like that. Now to the food.........Unfortunately arrived too late in the evening (8pm'ish?) and they were out of the blue crabs. This did not stop me from fulfilling my crab craving however! Ordered the Soft Shell Crab platter with 2 sides(pictures up). Came with 3 deliciously(lightly) battered, seasoned in the classic JO seasoning, fried crabs with a pile of the boardwalk fries(peanut oil fried) and hush-puppies. Tasty!Be prepared to get messy, thats the fun of eating crab, each table has a roll of paper towels, and you will use them! Not a great suggestion for a 1st date! (lol) They were busy and we did wait a bit for the food, but worth the wait. Everything had a fresh taste to it and reminded me of back home. If you are in the mood for some tasty little morsels then come here and beat that crab craving!
5	I've been excited about this place since I found out it opened, I finally got to try it out today. I was not disappointed.I grew up on the east coast and would spend time at the shore every year, eating hard shell crabs was a must.Crab Corners hard shell crabs took me back, its been at least 12 years since I've eaten hard shell crabs and they were better than I remember.The seasoning this place uses is way better than Old Bay. I had the Jumbo crabs and they were cooked perfectly, were sweet and salty and full of delicious crab meat. I took them to go so not to embarrass myself devouring and picking at the crab. The staff was friendly and helpful. I saw Utz chips and Tastycakes but I skipped those to save room for all my crabs.I can't wait to go back and try something else, it'll be difficult no to get the crabs again.
2	I've read all the reviews, so I guess I was there on an off night.  We went on a Thursday night, around 6:00 PM.  It wasn't crowded, but there were quite a few people there, and one vastly overworked server.  While there were empty tables, we still had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated (another couple waited longer), and another 15 minutes to place our order (the same other couple still waited longer).  My sister-in-law lived in Maryland for a long time, and loves crab.  I've been to Maryland several times and was looking forward to this.  We had gone before on a Friday night and when we learned the wait was over 30 minutes, went elsewhere, so we had our hopes up.  Mistake.  My wife and sister-in-law ordered the crabcakes.  One had french fries and one had sweet potato fires.  I had the soft shell crab and onion rings, with coleslaw.  We received our order about 20 minutes after placing it.  A beer would have made the wait a bit more pleasant, but they won't have a license until February.  My sister-in-law's comment about the crabcakes was that she had had worse (she's kind), while I thought my wife's were a bit mealy.  My soft shell crab came hot, but relatively tasteless; the onion rings might have come from the supermarket freezer, and the coleslaw was soggy (I love coleslaw) and flat.  The tartar sauce had an odd flavor, so we left it alone.  The fries, both varieties, were ok.   All in all, for the above order, plus soft drinks, $60+ wasn't too bad, if it had been good, but with the wait, the taste (or lack thereof), we won't be back.
2	I was disappointed by this restaurant.  I like crab and crab-cakes especially.  I order four mini-crab cakes for $8.95.  They were the size of QUARTERS. It was an insult.  They tasted OK.I also ordered the calamari.  I tasted more batter than calamari.I also ordered the crab soup.  The soup lacked in crab flavor. It had a good blend of vegggies, but really lacked a seafood flavor.
4	Epic. Just go here. Spend a few extra bucks and get the bigger crabs. The small ones are a lot of work for almost no meat. Really messy. Your hands smell like the ocean for days, hehe. Get the boardwalk fries for sure.
5	Hands down this place is bomb! Im no east coaster but I love it...if your not down to get dirty this might not be the place for you. 100% recommended, try it for youself!
4	After seeing the good reviews on Yelp, my wife and I recently decided to give Crab Corner a try.They specialize in blue crab but were out the day we stopped by. So we decided to split a soft shell crab platter, crab dip, and fried calamari.The soft shell crab was good but maybe a tad overcooked. For our sides we got hush puppies and corn on the cob. The hush puppies were pretty good but the corn was cold in the center. Since it's winter the corn had likely been frozen. It could have used a few more minutes in the boiling water.The crab dip was pretty good. It had nice big chunks of crab and was served on slices of baguette. The owner told us it was his grandma's recipe.We both enjoyed the fried calamari which was served with a good marinara dipping sauce.We got free sodas with our Yelp check-in. Free is always good.The owner came over while we were eating to see if we were enjoying our meal. He was very friendly and down to earth. He told us he's been crabbing since he was 15. For the last several years he's been the main crab supplier to local seafood markets and recently decided to open up a restaurant with his brother.When we asked about the blue crab, he explained that the water is too cold right now so the crabs are all staying in the mud, but he's been watching the weather reports and anticipated he'd have more blue crab in a few days. He definitely seemed to be knowledgeable and passionate about crabs.I would give the food 3 stars. I'm giving an extra star for the fact that this is a locally owned place with an owner who seems very committed to serving quality food.I definitely plan to return and try the blue crab.
5	Loved the entire experience! This place is an everyday joint with superb service and great crab. Order the biggest crabs you can for easier picking.Never had Maryland crab and didn't know what I was missing. Super family friendly too... Every kid loves to smash things with a wooden mallet! We're thinking of going back tomorrow!!
3	5 of us decided to visit Crab Corner and the following items are what we ordered:Dozen of female blue crab-we chose this because there were eggs in the crab.  True, it felt like we had to do a lot of work for a little crab meat, but the crab meat is quite sweet.  The price, $35/dozen.  5lbs of Crawfish-Too heavy on the oil and butter.  One of us, who loves crawfish and can eat 5 lbs by himself easily, ate 3lbs and had to stop because it was too heavy for him.Boardwalk fries-It sounded good when the server described it to us...but it tasted like any other fries that we have eaten.  Not so impressive.The cool thing is that when you check in, you get a free soda!  That was unexpected.  Also right now, you buy 12 dozen of crab, you get the 13th dozen free.
4	I really like the female blue crabs we had as they were full of roe and sweet crab mustard (Tomalley). $35 for a dozen is pretty darn good. I will be back for more but next time, I know we will be there for at least an hour cracking and slurping the crabbies. We also had the special of the day - Crab cakes with very little filling. That was an awesome starter.
5	Great food! Great service! Definately one of my new favorite spots. The crab was sweet, the crabcakes full of crab not filler, soft-shell crabs tasty. Overall an excellent experience. Will recommend this place to all seafood lovers!
3	We came here for lent, it was about 2;30 and empty , bad sign i thought.     Well it did not stay empty for long.           We had the crab dip on burchetta the special that day and the lobster bisque another special. The crab dip was really good ,very generous with the crab.  The lobster bisque was ok, not much lobster flavor. We ordered the  dozen large crabs .  The crabs were ok, not much seasoning on the crabs like i had in maryland..Kinda spendy.  I will be back to try the other menu items.
1	Hands down, not the bomb! It took us 2 hrs to eat 6 female crabs btwn 3 ppl who were STARVING. The crab was over boiled, and by the time I are my last crab, it was cold. They ran out of half the menu by 7pm- closing is at 9. Thank you, but Hot n Juicy is 110x better.
4	The place was a relatively small place. The customer service was great! I went sometime around 8 so decently close to closing. The servers were very friendly and were very helpful. It does take a while for the crab to come because they steam it once you order it which is a lot better.I had a dozen female crabs and it was great! its very different from red lobster or any other crab that you would eat at a buffet. Its a lot more work to get the meat but it is well worth it. Definitely a place to try if you like to eat crab and dont mind a mess and work.
1	UPDATE: it is clear that the owner of this place cannot handle negative feedback because he messaged me regarding the situation. My boyfriend and I didn't eat "every last piece of food" that is a LIE. We both ate our sandwiches but we were starving. I also informed him that since we never planned on returning, EVER again, I didn't feel like being bothered with returning the food; we just paid the bill and left. TRUST ME, don't spend your money here, it isn't worth it. Also, Yelp is supposed to be HONEST feedback and by the message the owner sent to me, it sounded as though he didn't want ANY negative feedback. I understand he feels his food is good, but this comment is just my opinion and the TRUTH. I'm not going to LIE about my experience just to make the business happy. Like I said, it's just my personal opinion about the food served here.If I could give it no stars, I would. We just came from there and I wouldn't suggest ANYONE eat there. People in Vegas don't have any tastebuds, so don't listen to the reviews below. I'm from Hawaii (fresh seafood) and my boyfriend's from the South (best tasting seafood) and we HATED it!We got one crab cake sandwich, one soft-shell crab sandwich and a pound of crawfish. I had the crab cake sandwich and it was bland.. it tasted like something that came out of a box, nothing special AT ALL and nothing like the waiter described. It came with a simple tartar sauce that gave it SOME flavor.. it suckedThe crawfish were small, and FLAVORLESS.. well there was some flavor, and it was all butter and grease with a hint of "spices" they put on there.. it was WAAAAAAAY OVERCOOKED and the tails were the smallest I've ever seen.The soft-shell crab sandwich had no meat. It was all shell and hot grease. When you bit into it all you tasted was crunchy oil. It sucked.It was the worst dinner ever and I will NEVER EVER go back.. I wish I could throw up all of the food we just ate; it is THAT BAD. I could have spent my $35 at the Red Lobster across the street. this place is NOT WORTH IT. please spend your money elsewhere.
4	If you're in the mood and have a craving for crab and don't mind peeling and deshelling the sweet and juicy meat, then this is the place for you!Crab Corner is a small restaurant and when we got there on a Friday night, it was already crowded and had to wait about 15-20 minutes.  There was a large party that was just being seated.  I think they accept reservations, so I would recommend making one before you go.  There was no sign up sheet, but the owners and crew knew the order and offered us seats, while we waited.The customer service was excellent and with that alone, they would get 5 stars.  My wife said they get 10 in her book.  They were very attentive and helped us with the menu, since it was our first time there.  When the crab came, they showed us how to open the crab up and tricks to get the meat.  We already knew how to do it, but wanted to see if they had special tricks of their own.  =)  The place was busy, but it wasn't just the waiter that came by and asked us how we were doing, but practically every worker came by and talked to us.  You can tell they were genuinely good folks.We ordered their boardwalk fries, crab cake appetizers, and 6 large male blue crabs.  The fries and the crab cakes came out first.  The boardwalk fries were tasty and splashing malt vinegar on it made it even better.  Yum.  The crab cakes were a little small, but the menu did say each were 1 oz.  Other places compensate and add other stuff like bread stuffing and other fillings, but the good thing about Crab Corner's crab cakes were that it was practically all meat.  It wasn't earth shattering tasty goodness like this one restaurant in Baltimore, but it was still good.  The sauce that came with the crab cakes was a perfect complement and was a good start for the dinner.Then our large crabs came.  They were out of the jumbo size.  The large size was smaller than expected, but again these are blue crabs, not dungenous crabs.  The meat was very sweet, soft and moist.  The seasoning was good and I liked licking it off my fingers while eating the crab meat.  heheh.  They also had extra seasoning on the side as well.  My wife and I didn't talk for a while, since we were all focusing on the food.  haha.  But again, the waiters and owners came by regularly to check up on us.  If you have little toddlers that get restless, you might want to get a babysitter, since you can be there for a while and your hands get messy.  There were other families there with kids, but I'm glad my sister-in-law babysat our little one that night. I wanted to check out this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews and was definitely happy with this place.  However, if you are in the mood for other shellfish and not just crab, you might want to go to other places like Hot and Juicy Crawfish, though this place offers other shellfish as well.  Note, I didn't try other shellfish like crawfish and shrimp here yet, but this is my gut feeling.  I paid the same amount in Crab Corner as in Hot and Juicy, but felt more "stuffed" at the latter.  However, Crab Corner definitely satisfied my crab craving and would come back here again.  I definitely want to try their other entrees and appetizers and of course, have some of the blue crab again (maybe jumbo next time).
5	Everyone was very helpful and friendly here. Food was good as well. Had the dungeness crab w/ 2 sides for $22. Can't wait to come back and try the maryland blue crab!!**UpdateBlue crabs were great, very sweet... But worth it if you don't mind getting your hands dirty!My favorite. Their snow crab, easy to get to and delicious!!
2	I thought this place was okay. I didn't like how the crab was seasoned. It seemed like they steamed the crab then add the seasoning after which beats the purpose. If you want real GREAT crab check out Crab Hut. They at least have bibs you can use so you don't get ur clothes dirty as your cracking the shells and their seasoning is AWESOME!!
5	Great food great service! Overall a great experience.
5	No one here, is it a sign of the times, or just the time of day? It's late for lunch and early for dinner, so, perhaps, we're here during their off time. It didn't seem to long before the place filled up and every table was full! We were greeted by one of the Brother/onwers, he suggested the lobster bisque and I am a fan, so we said yes right way. We also tried the crab dip on bruchetta. Both of these were specials for the day and both were very satisfying. Big chunks of crab and flavored well.  The bisque was very creamy and needed just a bit for lobster, but we found out later, that was about the last of it for the day!We then got a dozen large Maryland crabs steamed with not your Old bay seasoning, but JO Spice, which the owner tells us,  it's Maryland's version. The brown paper came out to cover our table, we were given our hammers and a quick demonstration on how to open them up and away we went. It was a bit of work but the big pieces of crab just melted in my mouth!  You should know that there is a bit of "goo" that's not very pleasing to the eye, and doesn't taste very good, at least to me, so you really have to clean that stuff away, and it's a little messy but worth it to dig out the meat!I enjoy eating a meal that leaves you feeling good all inside, and this is one of them! I know I'll be back, the service was great, the food was fresh and very tasty, the prices, a little steep, but, fresh crab in the desert, you figure it out!
4	After reading all the great reviews on here, my husband and I decided to try it out. We ordered takeout. We got the mini crab cakes for both of us, I ordered the clam strip platter with boardwalk fries and hushpuppies, and he got the soft shell crab platter with sweet potato tots and applesauce.  The only thing of his I tried was the sweet potato tots--crisp and yummy! He said the soft shell crab was great also, but I'm sure he'll elaborate in his own review.The mini crab cakes were awesome! Big chunks of sweet crab meat with hardly any filler--just the way crab cakes should be. The clam strips were some of the best I've had. It's quite rare to get fried clam strips that are freshly prepared instead of pre-frozen, especially out here in the desert. They survived the journey home really well along with the hush puppies, which were nice and crisp on the outside and well seasoned. The boardwalk fries were soggy, but that may have been because of the combination of vinegar and a car ride home in styrofoam. I'll probably get the sweet potato tots like my husband next time we get takeout, but I'd still like to try the boardwalk fries in restaurant to see if they come out crisper because the flavor was good. I also ordered an ice cream cookie sandwich, which they waited to make until we arrived to pick up the food. That kept it from completely melting all over the place, which was considerate of them.  We also got a fresh brewed iced tea, but it tasted kind of funny to me. Not terrible, but I'll be cautious getting it again because I love good iced tea. All in all I'd say our experience was a great one--the food traveled well and didn't get soggy except for the fries, and the person I talked to on the phone as well as the one who took our money were both very friendly and helpful. I look forward to returning to dine in restaurant to see how the service is!
4	Asked what was best and ended up with the crabakes.  Was told there is only 10% filler which really helps make this a winner!  Don't know why any filler is used and maybe that's the reason for 4stars.  I have had a lot of these cakes in my life and most suck and this was tasty for sure.  The boradwalk fries were also very good.  Enjoyable experience.
5	You can't even get fresher crabs from a Fremont St. hooker. The sweetest crab I have EVER had. This place is super casual, service is exceptionally personable and friendly. Wear casual clothes, cause you'll be wearing bits of crab and juice on your way out. This is not your lazy man Alaskan king crab, but they are the king of crabs from a sweetness standpoint. Be ready to work for your meal and even though it's hammer time, you CAN touch this. Whack those crabs, take your time, enjoy friends. Don't be shy, look, search, and devour each sweet tender mini, meaty, morsel you can find. The crab cakes, also the best I have ever had. Sure they are small (half dollar size), but I suspect it is labor intensive getting enough of the Maryland crab picked to make the cakes, lots of meat, little filler, devine flavor. Boardwalk fries are made from fresh spuds, and are yummy too. If your feeling crabby, this place will put you in a good mood.
5	Crabs are still the reason I keep coming back.I recently had a chance to try their clam chowder. It was thick and creamy. Not alot of chunks of vegetables like some chowders but it had good taste and the clams were tender and sweet. i would get it again.
5	Awesome menu and fresh crabs! Manager is real cool as well.Love their Tuesdays $2 blue crabs and $2 domestic bottles
3	After seeing the good reviews and hearing about it from several crab loving friends, I decided to tag along during their Tuesdays $2 blue crabs and $2 domestic bottles day. It gets very very busy on Tuesday so try to get there early. Best time to try to get there after work on Tuesday is probably around 5:30p.m. I am a seafood fanatic and this place doesn't disappoint... for the price on a Tuesday. I have had better, but those places can be very pricey. Of course there are some that would complain about the "quality" of the crabs... but everyone has to keep in mind... lots of seafood is based on the season.  The owners are very very knowledgeable too about the crabs, such as if the female crabs are fertile and will have eggs in them. The blue crabs were very good, and the seasoning they use is amazing. I also had their sweet potato tots... and if you have read a few of my reviews, you know I am a sweet potato lover. These tots are very good. We also ordered the crawfish, and that was really good too... and messy! We were all a mess at the table, so i would recommend not wearing anything that you care for here. Things tend to fly off the table and spray out. =) All in all... very good place. Not sure if I would come here any other day than Tuesdays.
5	As a sad Marylander that gets disappointed every time I order any thing crab related out here where I live in Southern California, I was super happy to learn that I needed to head to Vegas this weekend for an event and would have some time to eat at Crab Corner. It was JUST like being at home! The only thing missing was the river side picnic tables and the humidity. This place gets it right! The hush puppies were delish, the peel and eat shrimp were served hot just like they should be and the dozen crabs were a god send! I also sampled the Maryland Crab Vegetable soup and was pleased. It could be made a bit better by adding just a little more spice to it, but otherwise it was great.To all east coasters that are transplanted anywhere within a few hours drive of Vegas this is a must go! The location is miles away from the strip, and easy to find. My only issue is the lack of any lacrosse sticks hanging on the walls and no Naval Academy Blue and Gold anywhere. Perhaps this Annapolis girl should send some gifts their way.The prices are reasonable and about the same as to what I am used to spending on crabs even at home in Maryland. I know some reviewers mentioned price but I would have paid triple what they charged and still been happy!By the way the owners are super nice and friendly and it was fun to hear an authentic Maryland accent from someone that was not a character on The Wire or a member of my family!I will be back! Next time I'm trying some crab cakes!
5	Genuine Maryland Crab, great service and a Love for University of Maryland College Park. Doesn't get better than this.I came for a all you can eat crab buffet event with my college alumni group and we had a great time. The atmosphere was welcoming and the servers were really friendly. I plan to watch all Terp games there
4	We have been to the Crab Corner on two occasions.They have fantastic Maryland Crab Cakes, mussels, Steamed BlueCrab, and wonderful clams.  The food is outstanding.It is not a fancy restaurant , with paper towels, plastic forks, knives, etc.They do have take out for convenience.  There was no problem withparking and the prices were moderate. Most enjoyable.Hannah J.
5	This was my first experience cracking whole crabs and is was great.  Fresh, tasty and extra affordable on Tuesdays. It's a great spot to eat when you have some time to roll up your sleeves and get messy.
5	* Blue Crab - First timers - Owner sat down to give us a lesson in eating blue crab (for all you non-Marylanders or blue crab fans, it is because you eat most of the meat from the body, not the legs/claws, which is what I am used to)....after the quick lesson, we felt more comfortable eating them (nice touch in customer service)!!  The meat was VERY sweet and delicious!!!!  Glad we tried them!!  * Snow crab - seriously, this is the BEST snow crab that I have EVER had....Cooked perfectly and so sweet...you don't even need the butter to dip!!!  If you are a foodie, PLEASE don't waste your time at the local buffets and AYCE places ....this is seriously the BEST in town!!!  I am craving it as I write this!!!!   I think I will see you tonight Crab Corner ;-) * Crab cakes - Not a lot of filling, chunks of Crab and very flavorful!!* The crab soup - good* Hushpuppies - YUM.....ask for some tartar sauce for dipping ;-)* Boardwalk Fries - freshly cut....ask for them extra crispy!!!  This place really does get it right! It is super casual (because eating crab can be a messy job), the restaurant is relatively small (cozy and friendly) and the customer service is AWESOME!!!
4	We concur! It was delicious. Medium crab is a little tedious,but great tasting. Can not wait to try the jumbo size. It was fun!
4	Always a great food and service. Happy this restaurant chose to share the wonderful tradition of crabs and beer with people outside of Maryland.
4	A fun cheerful place to eat some crab and other seafood. The service was friendly and helpful.The seasoning they use on their shrimp and crab was really good. And their catfish was very tasty too. Cooked very nicely.Overall, definitely a good place to chow down on some well-prepared seafood.
4	This place is AWESOME!  I've been here about three times, and make sure to get there on Tuesdays, so that I can take advantage of their $2 female crabs (also males when they have them)/$2 domestic beers special.  They also have other specials (dine-in) during the remainder of the week: Mondays - 1.25 lb snow crab legs $14, 1 lb shrimp $14, 1 lb crawfish $5Wednesdays & Thursdays - 1.25 lb fresh whole steamed lobster & 2 sides for $20.  Even though I've been to some other seafood restaurants in the area, I really like this place. While there's plenty of parking, the restaurant itself is pretty small, so you'll definitely need to come early to reserve a spot.  I've arrived at anytime from 5:30pm - 6:30pm, and let me just say that the best time that I've been there is at about 5:30pm or just around 6pm.  Afterwards, it gets really busy and you'll be waiting for awhile.  Another catch is that the place closes at 9pm...I've actually been sitting and eating after 9pm, but they turn away people at 9pm.  Yes, I'm a slow eater...especially when it comes to blue crab.  I've had the shrimp and the crab and definitely think they're both pretty tasty.  Growing up on the east coast, I remember making many trips just to get some blue crab in Virginia Beach and Maryland.  While it's not the same, I'll admit that it is a good substitute.  Hands down, their Baltimore-style seasoning is on par when comparing it with the "real thing".  For the price, you definitely can't beat this deal.While they do offer sweet potato tots, which I've heard are really good, they now offer white rice, which is something that I do like to eat with seafood--especially with this particular spice.  I also make sure that I have some vinegar on hand too, just for the blue crab though.  Hands down, this place does not disappoint...when it comes to $2 Blue Crab Tuesdays here.  As for the rest of the week and the other deals, I'm still waiting to check those out.
5	I grew up on the east coast and have been eating steamed blue crabs every summer since I can remember.  The clue crabs here are flown straight from Maryland to their steamers.  The quality is the same as anything I have had on the east coast.  I have had steamed crabs, crab cakes, and the crab soup here and everything was top notch.  I would recommend dining there on Tuesdays as other reviewers have mentioned for $2 crabs and $2 beers.  This restaurant is a no frills seafood place with fresh food and friendly service.  For the seafood lover or anyone from Maryland nostalgic for the real thing, Crab Corner is the place to go.  If you prefer to have your crab feast at home, they are more than happy to sell you live crabs as well.
5	AWESOME place! The one and only "bad" thing is that it's ALWAYS super busy! Heh, so wait time is a bit longer. Other than that, this place rocks! Great food, great prices, friendly people.
5	This place provides far more than a meal! It was a great experience with an awesome environment. Also a good place to catch the big game on one of the many tvs. Two thumbs up...
4	I love to get my crab on at the Crab Corner. Sometimes, I'm in the mood for good ol' basic crab.  No garlic, no crazy spicy sauces... just good ol' tasty steamed fresh Maryland blue crab. I have been here twice now, for the $2 special on Tuesday and Thursday, and plan on coming back often.  Not only are the crabs deeee-licious, but the artery clogging goodies:  hush puppies, fried oysters, and fried calamari are tasty too.  Wash it down with a refreshing $2 beer- and life is good.  They also have other seafood items such as crawfish and lobster which I plan to try on my next visit.  I have tried the steamed shrimp and personally, it wasn't my favorite.It is family owned and the staff is awesome. The fountain drinks are self serve, but when it isn't that busy, the staff will come by and refill them for you, and they always make sure that you have everything you need to enjoy the crab picking experience: hammer, bucket, plenty of napkins, lemons, etc. They are some of the friendliest bunch I have ever met.   They definitely know their crab, heck, they have been doing it for years as a seafood wholesaler to the local Las Vegas restaurants and recently opened their own restaurant, fall of last year.  And I am so glad that they did- because I love to get my crab on!!
5	I have to tell you, this was outstanding.  The crabs were cooked PERFECTLY, the crawfish were tasty (though cooked differently than what my wife and I are accostomed to) and the crab cake was good as well.  They put butcher paper down on the table and we were ready to go!  Service was friendly and helpful and answered my wife's questions about where they get the crawfish from throughout the year.  The place is very casual and bright.  The only let down was they were out of hush puppies, which we wanted to try.  We will definitely be back.
5	A group of friends and I came here last week and we are still raving about it! The atmosphere is fun and friendly. I believe all the guys that work in there are either owners or their friends. They're very helpful when  ordering too. We ordered the medium blue crabs, which were cooked to perfection!  One of the guys gave us a tutorial on how to eat them. It was a  lot of fun! They were so juicy and sweet! And the seasoning they put on it is outstanding! We also had the spicy shrimp and the boardwalk fries, which I would also order again. Definitely will be going back there again very soon. There are so many things I want to try. Overall, food was great, price were good. they had a good selection of beer, and above all the staff rocks!
5	Food: The crab cakes were delicious. The crawfish was fresh. The catfish was well-seasoned. They have certain days where crawfish and crab are offered at a discounted price.Service: Very friendly; relaxed.Ambience: Feels like a family-owned restaurant.
4	Nice place with good staff.  Food is good and fresh.  If you enjoy crab, this is the place to go.  We had crab cakes, onion rings, and of course some really good crab.  I enjoyed everything about it.  I'll be back.
3	My mom raved that the Crab Corner had "life changing crab cakes"!  After hearing this I had to go!  I wouldn't necessarily say it was "life changing" for me but I enjoyed my lunch.  My husband and I split the 1 Crab Cake with sweet potato fries and a cup of their crab soup.  The crab cake is made of these huge chunks of crab, very little filler.  As far as size goes, I'd equate it to a 1/3 quarter cheese burger patty.  It's a pretty good size, probably the largest crab cake I've ever had.  The sweet potato fries were really good.  The soup was so hot!  My husband and I were a little let down on this...for some reason we were both expecting a creamy crab bisque soup.  The soup is more veggie, clear broth based.  Not quite what we were hoping for.I wouldn't be opposed to eating here again.  They have some good blue crab specials and other drink specials.  However, for the lunch described above, it was about $20.  Little expensive.  But if you're a crab fanatic like my mom...you better try this little crab shack!
1	After visiting this establishment with much anticipation I was very disappointed. I ordered the soft shell crab with 2 side dishes, I had the sweet potato fries and coleslaw. When my order arrived I was struck with the smell off "old" grease which soaked my crab. The soft shell had not been cleaned properly and every bite you had a mouthful of cartilage, awful just awful, the only thing I ate were the sweet potato fries. I will never return here again, I work hard for my money, I don't like  to throw it away!
5	Have you ever tried there Lobster Bisque? There cups are bowl size compaired to Monstah Lobstah & 10 X better! After trying a cup with there crab cakes (which are the best in town so far) I ended up ordering a bowl of Lobster Bisque. I was just curious about the place and it looks like it's going to be a new regular place for the wife and I.
5	My first experience in a Maryland style seafood house, and a grand experience it was.  Visited on a Monday Night during Monday Night Football.  The special at that time is half off appetizers.  We got down on an 8 piece mini crab cake plate and crab dip on baguette.  The crab cakes were probably 80% meat, and were delicious.  I can't wait to try the large size one. The crab dip on baguette was rich and creamy, quite delicious as well.  Again, lots of crab, not a lot of filler.Next was Maryland Crab Soup and Lobster Bisque.  The soup had big chunks of crab with Lima beans, tomato, and half a crab sticking out of the cup.  Very tasty, served up hot.  I am partial to bisque and have had it many places, but the only one I have had that was better than this I paid $12 for.  This was $3 (when bought as an add on to dinner plate).  It was thick and creamy, with little bits of lobster floating around in it.  Excellent! Next was the peel and eat shrimp, swimming in lemon and old bay.  I wouldn't know, but my girl told me it was about as authentic east coast as you could get.  She deftly peeled and ate, while I mangled most those I touched.  Food tastes better when you earn it.Finally, we had three deep fried soft shell crabs.  Well seasoned, and very satisfying to eat.  As she put it, "You aren't really at the top of the food chain until you eat an animal whole".  Give this place a shot!  If you don't like it, walk yourself over to Red Lobster and cry into your cheese biscuit.
4	My wife is from Maryland's eastern shore and we've enjoyed many bushel's of MD blue crab from the Chesapeake, but who would have thought you'd find those same high quality delights here in the desert.  The fries are remanencent of Thrasher fries from Ocean City.  The place isn't cheap, but it costs less than two tickets to MD!
4	If you've never had the pleasure of bashing your dinner all over a table and eating the remnants with your fingers like a little kid, you should get thee to Crab Corner. I'd never had the true whole-crab-eating experience, but a colleague urged me to try it. The super cool dudes here very clearly explained the menu and the differences in the crab sizes, and then showed me how exactly to crack open the crabs once they arrived at my table. Being my virginal crab-eating experience, I limited my order to two large crabs, which, along with the addictive sweet potato tater tots, filled me up. Some people take issue with being hands-on or interactive with their dinner -- it can be hard to find pals who will go for, say, shabu-shabu or Korean BBQ -- but I'm all about the fun factor, and I didn't mind the mess at all. Furthermore, they've got sweet deals going every day, with Tuesday and Thursday being the best. (You can throw back non-domestic beers for $3 on Thursdays.) I'm not sure what Maryland natives would say about Crab Corner's authenticity or quality, but it sure works for me.
4	On this double date with Blair B. and Mike B., the guys had no say in where we decided to go - Blair and I had both bookmarked Crab Corner so that was our destination!  Mike B. is from the northeast and he is a big fan of fresh seafood.  We ordered a pound of large crabs (special was 50% off $70 for those), a side of sweet potato tots, mini crab cake appetizer, and Eric R. got corn on the cob.The crabs were heavily seasoned but luckily not crazy-garlic-ish like hot n juicy's seasoning blend.  Eric R. was less than thrilled about working for his meal, so he was whiny the whole time and lamented that he did not order the crab cake platter for his meal.  The crab cakes we tried were all crab, no filler, so that was positive.There was a sign on the wall next to me that told us how to open the crab for maximum eating pleasure.  I got this down easily and malleted my way into the legs, making perfect cuts each time.  I really dug the sweet potato tots too because they were basically little mounds of sweet potato fried in batter, rather than shredded and made into tots.After that, Mike bought a Tastykake so Eric R. then bought one too and he ate his for dessert inside the restaurant.  When we got home, we realized we had a 10% off coupon...woops!  Overall, hot and delicious crab and a fun, interactive and messy dinner with friends - what's not to like?
4	I was very excited when Lisa L. chose this as the location for our double date on Saturday. I have had it book marked for nearly a year now, so I was thrilled to have an excuse to try it with friends! I can honestly say it lived up to my expectations in every way - if you are a blue crab lover, you must try it!My husband's family has a house on the water near Chesapeake Bay in Maryland. My husband grew up eating crabs from Maryland, and I got to experience to go crabbing with their property last summer. Watching the little crabs squirm around while being steamed to death isn't really a fond memory, but the taste of those fresh crabs is something I will never forget!!Eating at Crab Corner really replicated the Maryland crab-eating experience for me. The crabs were very fresh, and they were prepared the same way as they are in Maryland. I really love that they used an Old-Bay-like seasoning, and didn't go the douse everything in freaking HEAT route that way too many places seem to go. I love tasting the seafood so it kills me when places like Hot and Juicy ruin a perfectly good crustacean with mouth burning spice! The other awesome thing? When you leave here your clothes, hair, and skin won't REEK of garlic for days! I didn't need to take a bath after eating here, so that really rocked! The special price of $35 for a dozen was more than fair, and the beer prices were reasonable as well. There were several enticing sides priced at $1.95 as well! MMMM sweet potato tots....Whether you are from the East Coast or just a fan of all things crab, don't screw up like I did and wait a year to try this place! I will definitely be back now that I know how fabulous this place is!
4	Never having had Maryland crabs before, this was an eye-opening experience.  Luckily, I was with a pro, from Baltimore, who knew the in's and out's of opening & eating these delightful crustaceans.  We started with the crab cake appetizer... not my favorite crab cake ever, but nice for a starter... then delved into the actual crab.  At Crab Corner, you order by size - S, M, L - or you can choose Female crabs, which I'm told have "mustard" and "roe" just like lobster.  We ordered Large and I'm glad we did.  Not a quick meal, it's one to dig in & enjoy the company of those you're with. The seasoning on the crab was really good - finger licking good, actually.  It was a fun meal out, one I would definitely do again.  I'm excited that they're opening a 2nd location, at Ft. Apache & Flamingo, early in 2012.
4	I loved this place! A little hole in the wall that your taste buds can't afford to miss! These people are absolutely from Maryland and know how to prepare crab every way possible! We had heard about it and stopped in for a quick lunch. I started with the crab bisque, which was full of meat and seasoned perfectly. I had the crab cake sandwich for the entree and OMG, so amazing! The service was great and we were treated like regulars. I can't wait to go back and get to crackin'!
5	My wife and I enjoy this place.  It is always fun to go and get dirty.  I will give this place 5 stars because they have great specials if you go at the right time, service is great, food is great, and just an overall great experience.You must have the crab cakes at this place, really some of the best.
5	You need to know right now that my Wife grew up on the Atlantic Ocean very near the Chesapeake Bay. Her family were all Watermen. They fished and raked both clams and oysters. Just what do you think she ate every day of her life? Right, seafood. Ok, me too.Crab Corner food is what I remember from my Maryland and Virginia peninsula days. It is absolutely authentically prepared each day with 'flown in overnight" fresh seafood.Our meal last night (Monday) :Appetizer  -  Calamari.     Fresh tentacles and tube rounds in a light coating. This offering is cooked quickly. The crispy coating is light, brown and in place. The squid inside is hot, tender and clean tasting. Remember, if you cook squid over a minute you get rubber, These folks know how to do it.Soup:   -   Cream of Crab.     Hot, creamy succulent, and filled with blue crab meat. This is something Libby's Grandma would make.Entree   -   Crab Cake Platter.     Let's start with the fact that these huge cakes are nothing but blue crab. There are NO FILLERS. They use a very light bit of coating and then broil them. Nothing but taste here. Excellent menu item. Comes with two cakes and two sides.Entree   -   Soft - Shell Crab Platter.     The best you can get. They have a number of sizes. the three we had were called Chesapeake Bay, MD "Prime Size". Crunchy, sweet and juicy. Very "home style Maryland".Sides   -   Don't bother to fool with the regular old frozen fried. Pay the extra $1.00 for the wonderful Boardwalk Fries. These are hand cut and fried in peanut oil with a hint of crab spices. Then you make them swim in some great malt vinegar. Just like on the Boardwalk in Ocean City Maryland. I can almost smell the salt are as I eat them.Mimi's Potato Salad is the home made style that is uses by Mom's and Grandma's all around the Chesapeake Bay. Seriously flavorful, rich, and creamy. The Cole slaw is creamy and filled with that course slaw you want. The texture and flavor is right there.Drinks   -   Iced Tea was fresh made, cold, and clean tasting. A fine thirst quencher.We had no room for desert. I think for my next trip in I will start my meal with a Baltimore Shaved Ice "Snowball" with about a dozen flavors to choose from. My Wife did manage to get out the door with two packs of Tasty Cakes. (that's a comfort food from MD)The menu is extensive. It is going to take us a while to try everything. You see above what we had on this first trip in. Go on line (CrabornerLV.com) and take a look at their menu. It is extensive. Their claim to fame is the "flown in daily" Maryland Blue Crabs. They are steamed with Crab Blend Seasoning and the dumped on your table. You just use your mallet and pick to bring that sweet crab meat right on to your taste buds.My next meal is going to be fresh single fried oysters and a bunch of steamed hard shell blue crabs.For the quality, quantity, cooking, and freshness of what you get at the Crab Corner the cost is very reasonable.You want a great east coast seafood meal? This is the place to be.
5	This was my first time eating blue crabs, and I absolutely loved it. The restaurant wasn't anything formal by any means and has the appearance of sort of a sports bar. We were promptly seated and were informed of the Tuesday $2 blue crab special. The service from then on out was a little slow and scattered, but it was completely understandable - one waiter was running the entire restaurant (~10 tables). What I did like, is for those that didn't know how to eat blue crabs, the waiter would stop by and explain the different parts of the crab and how to get to the good stuff.Crab soup: Disappointed. All the of crab meat was shredded and the flavor was completely overwhelmed by the broth. The soup wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't anything special. Beer battered cod: The fish was still tender and the batter wasn't anything overwhelming. Great.Fried Oysters: Delicious! The breading was a little heavier than I would've liked, but the oyster was incredible fresh and juicy on the inside.Hush Puppies: Absolutely amazing. These were seriously the best hush puppies I've had.Crab cakes: Loaded with meet. I could barely find any filler at all. They had incredibly delicious flavor. Because they're loaded with meat, the price is somewhat steep: $16 for 1 cake/$25 for 2. However, getting 1/3lb of crab meat per cake makes it worth it.Blue crabs: Wonderful flavor. I actually like the flavor of blue crab more so than king/snow/dungeness, but the work:meat ratio is MUCH higher with blue crab. Expect to work a lot harder for your food with these crabs. It's totally worth it, but if you don't have the patience, just order the crab cakes and you'll be set.Mussels: Great garlic broth they were cooked in, but in my opinion, they were somewhat overcooked. I just ate at Hot N Juicy the day prior and the mussels were much more tender over there. The flavors were great though.Overall, I'd definitely go back, but I'd likely stick to the crab cake platter with hush puppies.
4	Good service, good atmosphere and helpfull staff. My first trip was more of an authentic blue crab experience after making an accedental discovery of blue crabs after a battle with them in a local seafood market and having to try them. I can say my attempts didn't compare to the style they do their crabs here. Next time I go I'll try the other stuff and update this review. The crab alone is a bit pricey, but worth it if you can get in for a game or something. Make sure you get a good side with your crabs if you get the small or females.
5	This place is amazing. The service was great,  and the staff was really helpful. The atmosphere is really fun and enjoyable.I came here after looking at other crab restaurants in town, and this one caught my eye. Plus I came on a Tuesday where they have specials on their blue crab. I sat down and a very nice lady told me she comes every week and gave me the run down on how everything works. Be prepared as this is a place where you get your hands dirty. They put down butcher paper and bring you your food in baskets. She recommended the potato salad with my crab and it was very delicious.I enjoyed the special $2 beers, more crab than I could ever eat and the drawn butter kept flowing. The crab was perfectly cooked.I will definitely be coming back here every time I visit Las Vegas.
5	Omg!!! That's is the best sea food in las vegas... It is a must do when you come here
5	Excellent crab cakes and the blue crabs were amazing.  Salamat! ;o)
4	This place is definitely an OKAY spot to go to in Vegas. After driving by it from work everyday my mother and I finally decided to come inside. The service is outstanding. Best down to earth servers ever. The wait wasn't too long, but that's probably because there were only four people in the restaurant.I ordered simple crab legs while my mother got the crab cakes, which she enjoyed- although she wished the portion was a little bigger. "The bread shouldn't be bigger then the inside," I believe were her words.The crab legs I ordered were very delicious and juicy and perfect. But they were the only thing on the menu I actually wanted to order. Most things seemed like a waste to order at a crab specialty place, so my only real option was to just order crab legs.If this place had all-you-can-eat crab legs, I would probably spend every pay day here. That would just be fantastic.My only real issue with this place is the menu and the taste. Both are just okay. Nothing that really wow-d me, but I would definitely go back again. Just not because I love it or hate it, but because I crave seafood all the time in short.
5	Crab Corner was so impressive the first time we ate there, my wife and I went back with our friends the next night. just a great restaurant! The crab is awesome. Tried all their crab... Blue Crab was excellent and very authentic Maryland style. The king crab was juicy and sweet. Add seasoning and butter and it's probably the best king crab I've ever had. I usually don't care for snow crab but Crab Corner nailed it perfect. Sweet and juicy. Definitely ask for a bib because it will get messy. Crab Corner is a different style vs Hot n Juicy, so it's not quite fair to compare.
3	Being from Maryland, i know good seafood md style....  The soft shell crab,, was a 7,, not very big, they were obviously frozen which i can understand...  The crab cake was a 7,,, a little too much filler for my tastes, but better than the so called MD crab cakes on some the menu's around town...  The crab soup,, a 5, it was ehhhhh... It would be unfair to compare this restauant to the crab places in China Town... This is done MD style,, not Asian... Crabs this way is done better... Boiling the takes kills the natural sweetness of the crab, or putting them in a wok and frying them in oil... BLAH... not my thing,, but to each its own...  I like this place and the people that own it... They are Orioles and Ravens fans...  Its not as good as back home but for out here,, its really good....
4	I found this place after MUCH research as a surprise to my husband so that we could enjoy the Ravens game on the last Sunday of regular season. It is a little hard to find in the strip mall, but as soon as we got close I was thrilled to see the gentleman outside sporting a Ravens hat in the actual shape of the mascot (akin to the Green Bay cheese hat), a Suggs jersey, and purple and black Mardi Gras beads. GO RAVENS!!!! The bright yellow and red walls are a salute to the Maryland Flag. Much of the wall space is adorned with flags, decals, and posters for the Ravens, the Orioles, and the University of Maryland Terrapins. Apparently, this place flies their blue crabs in daily, although they had just run out of males before we walked in. They have beer and crab specials during the game, so my husband was able to enjoy a few crabs (although they weren't very impressive and were on the small side, even for females). The cream of crab soup was pretty mediocre, and I kept crunching on tiny bits of crab shells. Other reviewers claimed that there were large chunks of crab, but I didn't see anything like that in my particular cup of soup. Still, we were really happy to be there for the camaraderie. It was great to cheer along with other Ravens fans, and we talked to several people who were either visiting or had moved to the Las Vegas area from Maryland and were looking for a slice of home. We'd definitely come back here for another football game!! Two stars for the food, a million stars for the atmosphere.
4	I'm a fan. Fun, Friendly, Family environment. Good old Crab cracking. Place is just clean enough to let you know seafood eaten goes down in here!  Staff was great, food was tasty, they have cold beer, they have tv's, they have seafood.  #winning
5	Just got my softshell fix. Yum!!! And friendly service too. Great place!
4	If you're a fan of Maryland crab, then this is the place for you. And consider yourself warned to wear clothes you don't really care about. I'd like to suggest bibs and wet wipes on the table. Eating crabs is messy and there's only room for one in the restroom.
5	I was so excited to find a place that serves blue crabs! I went for $2 Tuesdays or regular females and they were very delicious, but next time I will get order some bigger crabs so I don't have to work as hard.  I forgot the spice that they use - it's not Old Bay but it's pretty similar.I also ordered some oysters which were really fresh and sweet.  The hush puppies were brilliant - perfectly fried and moist inside. I liked the fried shrimp a lot but I didn't care much for the fried clams because I thought they were a little too chewy.
1	Horrible service.  They left out my order.  No apologies no discounts. Just ignored us. The snow crab had been precooked but was ok not great.  When they finally brought my order the rest of our group was almost done.  They still got it wrong and never even bothered to come back and check. I had ordered the sweet potato tots and they brought fries. When I finally got their attention they put in an order for the tots. It took forever to get it and I and the rest of our group was done when they arrived. They did not say a word just walked over on put them on the table. No apologies no explanation just rude service.  I had brought out of town family there and was embarrassed by my choice.  I will never return.
5	Hubby is still drooling over the lobster he had when we were there, and the blue crabs I had still bring a smile to my face.  Definitely looking forward to a return visit there, but I need to try to remember to bring wet wipes with me - my hands were a total mess!
4	I go here for my wife since she's addicted to their ocean crustaceans. She really seems to enjoy their food and they always take care of her here.  Not a big fan of seafood myself but if my wife is happy, I'm happy.
4	Im a fan of the lobster bisque and the crab special on tuesday. For the record i like crabs, but i don't like to do the work. If I don't have to do any-work then I'm down for coming here. Side note the crabcakes were ok- it was missing some black pepper or some other type of season.
4	Good stuff. This is the real deal
4	Quick tip: Try to order 1 dozen at a time because although served hot, they will go cold within a few minutes. The order takes only about 5-10 to come out anyways, so I recommend order as your go.Great quality blue crab, served extremely hot and flavored with spicy cajun seasoning! For the first ten minutes, the inside juices of the crab is hot to the touch, so be careful. Make good use of the mallet+knife and the meal will be less messy and laborious. Sometimes blue crab is a pain to eat, but there's a few techniques that really makes it easier than just bashing at it. The friendly staff will teach you if you need guidance.I am more of a dungeness crab eater because the meat is more easily accessible and come in bigger chunks. However, the blue crab here is really easy to crack open once you get the hang of it, and there's plenty of crab to go around so portions doesn't become an issue. I ate about 5 and I felt pretty full. The venue is pretty small but cozy. The crab will be ready within ten minutes of ordering (I love fast service!).A few points I wanna make: The venue is tiny, so there might be a waiting time. The tables are so small it's hard to eat. We sat in the corner and I had a hard time stretching my arms and using the tools. Also, I don't know if the cajun seasoning is a winner. I liked it in the beginning, but I really think they should serve it plain. It gets a little bland and tastes repetitive after a while. You can always ask for it later if you want it.Overall, great place and I would categorize it as experiential eating. It feels awkward not using chopsticks or a spoon but the mallet becomes fun to use after a while.
4	Totally enjoyed this place... Would totally come back...
5	Came to the Crab Corner for the first time about a month ago.  Both the husband and I were very impressed with the quality and taste.  We ordered the 1/2 pound of shrimp, king crab legs, little neck clams and all you can eat Maryland blue crabs.  Oh yeah and it came with 2 sides...we chose sweet potato fries and jasmine rice.  Very pleased with what we ordered and the service was excellent.  Our bill was well over a hundred dollars and well worth the price.  This isn't a fancy place, but when you're shucking crab and using your hands to eat, not a big deal.  We will definitely be back when we visit Las Vegas again!  Give this place a try if you like seafood, you won't be disappointed!
2	I bet the crab is delicious!! I tried everything but the crab. The potato salad and hush puppies were good. And the beer battered shrimps too also good size. But pass the fried clam strips and fried oysters not the best and the lobster bisque  gave me the BGs =[ if you want lobster bisque get it at Aqua Knox in the Venetian!!
5	It is incumbent upon Rex to apologize for his long absence...let's say that Rex was training for the Olympics and now that is over he can get back to writing reviews...his true passion. (That is a much nicer story than coming to the realization too late that apparently old folks homes don't want to see Rex's erotic version of Winnie the Poo...especially the poo part...and that it took 4 arrests and 5 stints in county before he realized this absolute truth...yes...olympics is nicer.) In between...um...workouts for the Olympics...Rex aways would crave seafood. Let's just say where Rex was...um...working out...they didn't have access to the freshest seafood...damn jail...Rex means London...whatever.The powerful pull of amazing seafood is one that Rex is often subject to...but in Las Vegas Nevada there is a very low...VERY LOW chance of being able to find that great seafood. Even at the classiest restaurants their dumpsters are filled with leftover subpar seafood. Also, in these recessionary times Rex...like all of us...is ever conscious about finances...when he makes his own roofies...he uses immitation Mentos...that is how broke Rexy is right now...but that is another story.  So, where does a budget conscious foodie who is desperate to get that sweet meat from the sea...(ironically Sea Sweet Meat was Rex's nickname in the Navy)...well...Rex has found the best possible place. A place that isn't just good for Vegas...which many places could be labeled...no...this is GREAT for anywhere. Where is it...Crab Corner. Even the words are great...Crab (not crabS...that isn't good)...and Corner...which we can all agree is better than a square. First and foremost before we get to the menu...which is all brilliant...one thing must be said...ALL OF THE SEAFOOD IS FLOWN IN FRESH EVERY DAY!!!!! Really read that and understand what it means. FRESH EVERY DAY!!  Not this frozen crap that is sold in stores...that isn't seafood...that is a waste of money. Since Rex has spent his time in the east coast...he knows great seafood...and you CANNOT FREEZE SEAFOOD AND THINK IT IS GOOD!! The fact that these two brothers (great guys, they don't even mind when Rex licks their dumpster) would go to this extent to provide great ingredients is a testament to their commitment. At this point it would be almost impossible to screw up and they dont.Let's start with the greatest dish they have and the FINEST bowl of soup in town...the lobster bisque. Proof in one bowl there is a God. There are no fillers, it isn't some cream filled monstrosity with some frozen crab thrown in it. NO!  This is the real deal. The depth of flavor they get is just out of this world. No life can be complete and NOT eat a bowl of this soup. Rex wants his ashes to be thrown in the soup and then served to unsuspecting customers...that is how good the soup is and how bad Rex is.The rest...is all great. The crabs are obviously amazing. Absolutely perfectly cooked and seasoned. The jewel of Rex's heart is the FRESH, hand battered oysters. Salty, briney, sweet, perfectly battered. Just amazing. Rex could go on and on but there is nothing bad.  If there is one minor complaint, to nitpick, their cole slaw is uninspired, the sweet potato fries are sometimes too soggy and one of Rex's lobster tail was extremely overcooked to the point of rubbery. Sometimes the attention to detail in the more delicate culinary pursuits are just not done as well as they should be. Still, on the whole this is the BEST seafood restaurant in town and it won't break your bank.As the great Rex Marvin says..."does it smell like fish....then give her to Rex!"  Enjoy!
5	COME HERE! SEE DAVID! HES THE BEST! The maryland crab was so fresh and juicy and delicious and incredible and yum yum yum. I went with some MD girls and I am a PA native myself. All 8 of us bachelorette party attendees had the best afternoon here. Honestly, it was the highlight of our entire weekend. The service is great and the food is amazing. We got 2 lbs of female crabs, 1 lb of shrimp, about 10 soft shell crabs (BEST IVE EVER HAD), hushpuppies, french fries, oysters.We had tons of beer- Iron Horse I think its called- SO GOOD.I cannot wait to return.
5	My boyfriend (who grew up in Baltimore), a friend, and I came here on our cross-country road trip from Baltimore back to LA. After eating crabcakes nearly every day for the week we were in Baltimore, we were eager to get one more hit of crab before we returned to crab-less Los Angeles. As you can imagine, we had high standards and we tempered our expectations, but we were really satisfied with these crabcakes and large sized bag o' steamed crabs. They were pretty damn good, and maybe the best we've had outside Maryland! I'll definitely be back... every time I come through Las Vegas again.Extra points for serving Red Horse Beer! (the Filipino beer that's better than San Miguel)FYI,  they no longer accept the 1 free crab with purchase of dozen yelp offer.
5	Great "local" joint off the strip. It actually was not touristy and made me feel more comfortable after having spent a couple days indulging as a tourist on the strip. We got a dozen of the small crabs for $30. The seasoning up top was great. The crab meat was flavorful and soft. The hush puppies were awesome little cornbread rounds that had small pieces of onion that kept the interior moist while the exterior had a nice crust. I would return.
5	One of the best compliments you can give a restaurant is to say that it reminds you of home -- provided, of course, that you have fond memories of home. Crab Corner is that kind of place. I spent the first thirty-plus years living in both Virginia and Maryland, where it was routine to buy bushels of crabs on the weekends or go boating and crabbing with my father. Being the lazy person that I am, I opted for the crab cake platter instead of the steamed blue crabs. The platter ($25.95 for 2 crab cakes) came with two sides. I upgraded to a cup of Maryland crab soup (an additional $1.50). It's served with half of an in-shell crab. The second side dish was an order of hush puppies -- some of the tastiest ones you'll find in town.The crab cakes were excellent. They had all the marks of a good crab cake -- very little filler and loosely formed with plenty of lump and jumbo lump meat that falls apart with little effort; enough seasoning to enhance the flavor but not too much as to mask the sweetness of the meat. They're the best crab cakes I've had in Vegas, by far.They do have a kid's menu that consists of chicken tenders ($5.95) or popcorn shrimp ($6.95). Both come with fries and a drink.The place is owned by two brothers from Maryland who also own and operate Nevada Seafood Wholesalers, which supplies much of this town's seafood for restaurants and markets like Seafood City. And with those imports comes a slice of nostalgia for any east coaster used to eating fresh seafood.
5	Such a joy to watch my husband savor the food from his hometown, you guessed it, Baltimore. But, we met in Vegas 10 years ago, and I am no blue crab afficionado. After reading instructions on the wall about a 437 step process that requires removing a devil, I thought, "Hell, I'm no exorsist", so I ordered lobster. While my husband drowled at the crabs, I screamed like a little girl, "Take it away, take it away!" I know, I'm dumb, but the guy, the lobster, probably known as "Legs" to his friends, was looking right at me. To my astonishment, the waiter... I should have remembered his name, and the name of the gracious cook... pulled his buddy away from my screams, and explained to Legs that he was going to have to be de-shelled by another before fulfilling his life's mission of giving pleasure. The cook was so kind as to remove every bit of meat and then serve it to me. That was amazing. Of course, I tipped him... Don't forget that when you are in Vegas, please. Sorry, I digress. Crab Corner is a great place and we're taking his brother tomorrow. BTW, we're pigs, but for 3 people, because we brought my Dad a doggie back... I think we ordered a dozen crab, large, 2 lobster dinners... the bill was about $100, $134 after tip. Tiny bit steep, but worth it. I just think if we're paying $134, there is really no need for a 60 MINUTE PARKING sign out front.
5	First off I must apologize to Mark & John Smolen; I frequent your shop once or twice a month for the past year and a half and not only have I only checked into Yelp twice I've yet to write a review for your fine establishment.  That just goes to show you when I show up all I can think about is seafood so well done! If you are from the east coast specifically the  DC area you will love their store! It has a ton of MD items and is only slightly nautical theme, most of it is football etc;  on entering the store you will be overwhelmed with the intoxicating elixir of the nautical gods Old Bay; I love the stuff and knew my search for a local seafood restaurant was done. I judge a restaurant on its menu; is it full of items or does it keep to the basics with only a few main dishes that they specialize in? their menu is simple seafood and more seafood. If you want whole crabs or legs these are the guys to patronize; If you want the best darn peel and eat Shrimp this is the place to go. The oysters are huge but be prepared, the last order wasn't cleaned thoroughly and stomach contents from the oyster came shooting out as you bit into it and or cut into them;  if the rest of the meal wasn't perfect that would have ruined the meal but my group laughed it off and moved onto the next course.  Just be prepared if you order them they aren't the chain restaurant oysters. If you like crab but aren't comfortable with shucking and eating whole crabs don't be scared; the owners and their staff will be happy to sit down and walk you through it just let them know you will need assistance; their idea is that they want you to get the most out of your meal and have a good time so you will tell your friends and return with them the next time. Prices for the crabs can fluctuate depending on the season and availability but don't let that deter you either. They are very competitive and you won't leave hungry or disappointed.  Anytime this guy gets homesick or is craving Seafood he heads over to the Crab Corner!
4	The blue crab was geat! Fresh, just like I remember when I used to eat it all the time growing up along the gulf coast of Texas. We were greeted by staff almost immediately when we walked in the door.  There were about 4 or 5 other parties waiting ahead of us and the place was packed with people who looked like they were enjoying their food.  We were told the wait would be about 20 minutes and sure enough, that's what it was.  It was worth the wait! We got a half dozen of the regular blue crabs but they gave us an extra one to enjoy! so cool.  Dave really took care of us, realizing we were Filipino, and brought out the spicy vinegar we know and love at home, and even offered us Red Stripe beer!  We really enjoyed the large, fresh, well seasoned yet naturally sweet shrimp and hushpuppies too!
4	Tuesdays & Thursdays have the $2 female blue crabs special. Sometimes they offer AYCE crabs, but you'll have to check their Facebook page for those updates (just called to get that info).Let's get service out of the way first. It was pretty simple and what's typically expected. We got checked on about twice but what I noticed was that I was too busy eating and it was nice not to be bothered so much. But if you had needed anything, all you had to do was just let them know with eye contact or a wave of your hand. My sister brought up how she didn't like to be checked up on too much so that's when I noticed that we weren't bothered too much. There was a fairly good amount of people when we were there (around 5:45-6:30pm on a Tuesday night).I grew up eating crabs so don't hurt yourself, people! I ordered 8 crabs with my sister for $2 each and we also got corn on the cob and hush puppies for our side orders. Those are nothing special. Hush puppies weren't too bad but you can skip out on the corn.The crabs didn't have THAT much meat (not what I'm accustomed to, at least) so it's just whatever. The experience was nice and I would actually come back. I'm a bit lazy so having crabs cooked and prepared for me is my kind of deal. The location isn't convenient for me but I would drop by if I'm close enough. We actually drove down there just for that today. Definitely worth a return visit :].
5	$2 Tuesday Specials!!! $2 per female blue crab! This is an awesome deal considering that each crab is jam-packed with ultimate flavors! Try the best seafood indulgence that you can have at a damn good price! P.S. Wear something you are not afraid to get dirty, but do not come naked!
4	This place has been on my radar for a while, I finally made it over!  We were a bit scared when we pulled up and the place was packed but once we went inside we were happy to find out why.  It was all you can eat Maryland crab (they were all about the medium size) The prices change with season but it worked out to be about the same for a dozen for medium size but you get 2 sides per person with it.  So we felt we defiantly got our bang for the buck!The decor was all Sea Fairing and Maryland themed very fun and very clean!  The bathrooms were especially clean.  You may sit at a family style table if its busy and you are a small party but I felt ok with it because the condiments made for a nice divider.  The staff was AWESOME!  All of them greeted us when we walked in but it wasn't the fake cheer you sometimes get, it was a really nice happy to have you here kinda greeting.  We felt welcome and looked forward to our meal in a nice cheery environment. So as I said we did go with the all you can eat, but beware if you do not eat what you order you will be charged so do so according to your eating abilities!  We also opted to order the crab cakes upon recommendation from our waiter.  They are as he said pretty much all crab and ohh so good!  Highly recommend them...  The crabs are seasoned while and after they are boiled with an amazing seasoning that goes inside during boiling and get all over your fingers and the meat of the crab while cracking I luckily have been to a Maryland crab place in Maryland so I have had a tutorial in crab cracking but if you have not the guys that work there will help you out and they also have a diagram/tutorial to help you crack them!  They have a Yelp Check in offer good on regular priced orders and beer and wine.  I will be back! :D
5	Great food...get in there and work those crabs! They have specials that get broadcasted via facebook, down-right Maryland roots....crabs and football!
5	This place takes me right back to my childhood visits to family in Baltimore. Everything I've had here has been fantastic. The crab soup is the business, and the crab cakes are very crabby with so little filler and so much flavor! Obviously, the crabs are great. Authentic and delicious with good friendly service. I can't think how it could be better.
4	Great casual staff. Fresh crab flown in daily. If you actually know how to navigate authentic smaller East coast blue crab do it. If you are not well-versed in painstakingly breaking one of these bad boys down, make sure to get help from the staff. Their side dishes could be a bit more (cough cough) fresh as in their shellfish, but for a fun night and some tasty interactive dining two thumbs up.
5	Moving to Vegas, I never thought I'd get a "taste" of Maryland again, unless I were to fly back.This place FEELS like Maryland. All the games, all the food. If you have never had the opportunity to have crabs the true Maryland way, stop in and get messy!!!
5	Never had blue crabs before...Read the reviews, and decided this would be a good place to try them out!$3 Thursdays....the crabs as well as all the beers they sell for $3.  Can't go wrong price wise!  So how does the food fare?The crabs were very good.  A bit of work to get to the goods, but worth it IMO.  I tried the brains/stomach, and it didn't do anything for me....gave them to my friend.  But I did enjoy the leg joints and claw meat.  And for $3 each, solid choice!Also, the jumbo shrimp/prawns (head on) are very very good!  First of all, their "pound" seems a lot more generous than other quick seafood places I have tried.  Obviously it should be the same, but maybe it is because they are larger and you get more meat than shells.  The seasoning is the winner here...very very good and not super salty and overly done like some places in comparison!  You have to try them!  The crab dip and crab cakes were also good, but I felt like they were a little spendy for what I got.  Although they were good, I will probably put that money towards more shrimp and blue crabs truthfully.Tip, the blue crabs are cooked to order, so if you plan on ordering a few at a time, plan it out so you aren't sitting without in between sessions.  I think they took appx 15min between orders, so plan accordingly!This will be a regular spot for us!
4	I've actually had two experiences by the time of this review1st experience was on a Tuesday, when they had their $2 female blue crab special. Service was great and the waiters were nice. +1 right off the bat, they keep your water filled ! XD Restaurant was maybe 1/2 full? maybe a little less (around 5ish pm). not bad. I had ordered 5 crabs while my other friends ordered 3 more. As one of my pictures (and many other peoples pictures) show, they pour it on the table. The crabs come out on a tray the waiter carries over, and dumps it on top of a large brown butcher paper they place on the table beforehand. They give you a hammer and a knife, and just let u go at it. I've been eating crabs all my life and have prepared them so i pretty much know how to open and eat them pretty easily (granted blue crabs are smaller and require more work). Seasoning was yummy. The texture of the meat was good. and each shell had a decent amount of "yummy stuff" that probably only asian's eat. XD The only complaint i have of this experience is it had a slight, very slight taste that seemed it may have not been as fresh? as i had hoped (well this was my first experience so had nothing to compare). aside from that, it was great. it was a very slight taste so it didnt bother me too much. I also had ordered a side of sweet potato fries which were fried wonderfully. great color. crispy but still soft on the inside. 2nd experience was much better. We were served by David. (Don't let looks intimidate you). Very nice guy ! This time was on a Saturday late afternoon (4:30 - 5pm). Got the opportunity to try this place again, started with a few appetizers. First off was the mini crab cakes.. small 1 oz crab cakes, maybe the size of a silver dollar. Nice golden brown color, served with lemons and tartar sauce. Very fresh taste, sweetness from the crab meat. Delicious. 2nd appetizer was the Annapolis Crab Dip. I actually had forgotten to read the description but sounded yummy. It came, already on sliced baguette, but loaded. The baguette was a little on the soft side, had a little trouble picking it up (could have been toasted a little more). The "dip" was very creamy and rich, and of course, lots of crab meat. Very heavy but delicious nonetheless. As for the entrees, my friend had ordered the Alaskan Cod and fries (she's not a shellfish eater so she opt'ed for the fish). She liked it. She said it reminded her of the fish from Crown & Anchor ! surprising ! +1 for crab corner. The seasoning they used with the fries, was delicious. I'd probably assume its the same seasoning they use for everything else, which makes it addicting ! ! Last but not least, the big entree. Came in a semi large pan. 3 male blue crabs, 4 pieces of corn, probably a handful of shrimp, and lots of clams and mussels on the bottom swimming in probably the water it was cooked it, topped with their very own special Maryland seasoning. I actually put the crabs off to the side and dug into the smaller things first. Shrimp was wonderfully cooked, perfectly seasoned. Cooked to perfection. Easy to peel shells. Mussels and clams were cooked nicely. Of course there's a few in there that had sand but there's nothing really the chef can due, in terms of those types of shellfish. The sand is inside the meat, and the shell is closed, so there is only so much you can do prior to cooking. The corn was nicely cooked, seasoned with their seasoning, once again. Was yummy, ate them all but didnt eat it, uhm, nicely like i usually do with corn, where i can get almost each kernal completely out cleanly. These corn, i just went at it and just mowed it down. yummy ! now the blue crabs. These were actually male blue crabs (can tell by lookin on the bottom. females have a rounded flap whereas males have a point at the end). Meat texture was great. seasoning was great. good amounts of "yummy stuff" i had mentioned earlier in the review. NO "unfreshness" taste at all this time. Cleaned the meat out of the crab. YUMMY ! so much work, but YUMMY ! All in all, the 2nd visit had pretty much made me re-consider this place, and maybe possibly putting it up there in one of my more favorite restaurants now. Everything is fresh. Prices are pretty good for the quality of food you get. Can't really find this elsewhere in the city. Heard they are opening another location on the west side (YES!!! MY SIDE!!!) near Tropicana and Fort Apache. Looking forward to that. But i'll definitely recommend people who like seafood to check this place out. I'll even tell my mom ! she's off on tuesdays too! sweet !
4	I went here for lunch on a Wednesday.  It opens at 11:30.  I arrived shortly after, and there were already 2 tables seated.I had the 2 crabcake lunch.  I can't recall the exact pricing, but it's around $27.  I have seen some yelpers balk at the prices at this place, but quality seafood is not cheap.  For as much food as you get with the 2 cake meal, I think it's a great price.  You get a side as well, and I got the fries.  The cakes were very substantial and had excellent crab flavor.  They could have been a little crispier for my taste, but that's not a huge issue.  Besides, I think I like them crispier than your average person.  The fries were good, a very large portion.  I put some vinegar and seasoning on them.  They were average, but the star of the meal was absolutely the crabcakes.The service was excellent, attentive but not annoying.  In addition, my server brought me out some old bay without me asking.  Very appreciated.  I didn't get the lobster bisque, but will next time.  This place is a winner, and we will definitely return.
4	The first time I came here wasn't sure what to expect as I don't usually go to a crab place, as I'm not much of a shelled fish eater, but I brought a friend who was. David is a character and one of the coolest guys out there! (don't let his looks intimidate you, he's super cool) I believe he is the manager, and I was able to meet the owner, Mark, who was also very friendly! All the staff seemed very friendly. OH if you're a Raven fan, it's your place to hang out! We had some appetizers to start off, mini crab cakes with tartar sauce and lemons, I loved them, they were moist and pretty big for a 1oz size (or I'm really bad at judging size based on weight), and they were all cooked to a golden brown. I'm not a big crab person, but I really did enjoy them though. The next appetizer was the Annapolis Crab Dip, which contained cream cheese and crab meat served on a toasted baguette. This was also delicious! It was hot when it came to our table so we waited a bit before chomping down on this and loved every bite, there were six that came out with the order. Oh the crab dip was a bit greasy too, if you're not into that, then be careful about ordering. So because I'm not a big shelled fish person I ordered the Alaskan Cod and fries. Which came out in a basket with a paper, no surprise there, I wasn't expecting anything fancy. I had fries and a corn on the cob as my sides. So I tried the cod and it reminded me of Crown & Anchors fish&chips which I have to say is the BEST in town, so Crab corner can compete with them on that! The fries on the other hand had their special "Maryland" seasoning, which I fell in love with! The corn also had the seasoning too, though on the corn it was a bit stronger than the fries, but it was still all delicious to me! My friend on the other hand got this large pan, I believe it's one of their specials not sure what it's called though, but it looked like it had 3 crabs, several large shrimp, mussels and clams, and on top of that had 4 pieces of half cut corn on the cob, all topped with their Maryland seasoning. I tried a piece of the shrimp and it was cooked with perfect seasoning and I really enjoyed it, it was very fresh, I could still taste the ocean in it as I don't with prepackaged stuff you'd find in your frozen seafood section at the grocery. I believe my friend enjoyed all the clams, mussel, shrimp, and crabs. All the seafood is fresh and they have a Tuesday $2 special on the blue crabs and if you're a Raven fan, they have specials during the game such as every touchdown the Raven's get you get a crab on the house, and if you come in with Raven colors you get a discount on the bill and such. It's overall a good place to go to and I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family who love seafood especially shelled fish!
2	Not too impressed.  Ordered a half dozen of the large and there was barely any meat.  Not worth price.  But the fries with their crab mix on top was good
5	This place was amazing. The crab cakes were great as was the crab! The service here was amazing and the owner was the nicest guy! I will definitely eat here again and again.
3	Went in during a lunch rush on a weekday.  Specifically came in to try out their soft shell crab po' boys.  They were kind of busy and it seemed a bit undermanned at the time, so suffice it to say, the sandwiches weren't that good.  Crab was left in the fryer a bit too long and tasted slightly burned.  Service was okay.  Sweet potato fries and calamari were good, though.  I suppose the search continues in the valley for a proper soft shell crab po' boy.
5	I went here after watching James Hsu's video about the restaurant (thanks James). Really great! Definitely tasted fresh and like I was on the east coast. I'll be back.
5	Crab legs were so good with their seasoning that I NEVER eat it without the butter and this is my first time I skipped the butter! D-LISH! It's the seasoning! Had Corn on the cob that was tasty and steamed clams that I just let swim in the broth. They were a lil small but they give you a big bowl of them. Have raved about them on my FB post and have had friends ask about the place! Will go many more times again!
5	Crab Corner brought me back to my childhood with their Maryland blue crabs. I cried tears of joy when I tasted them for the first time. I had searched high and low for crabs that were seasoned just like I remembered them from back in the day and I hadn't found exactly what I was looking for until I found Crab Corner. This is easily one of my favorite places in Vegas. I just wish it was closer to where I live! The guys that own the place are as awesome as their food is. They're very friendly and are helpful with whatever you need. Good service, good times. Bring a bunch of friends and have at it. Crab Corner has a casual atmosphere that is perfect to drink a few brewskies and get down and dirty with some crabs. Bibs and a hearty appetite recommended!This review is dedicated to my late grandfather, whom I acquired some of my writing genes from. He passed away before the new year. I used to eat Maryland blue crabs by the swimming pool at his house in the summertime. I will miss him.
4	Who knew crabs in Vegas would taste so good!? Came here with some friends to watch football and eat while slinging back some beers.  The crabs taste the way an east coast girl would expect; old bay flavor, juicy, plump and fresh.  I also enjoyed the hush puppies, and might say they are the best I have tasted to date.  Don't show up here expecting a cozy, date environment.  It is loud, bright and down right cozy.  Be sure to try the steamed clams and asked for extra bread to dip.  I hope this place expands to the west side some day!
4	Had the fried shrimp during my last visit.  Another win for Crab Corner.  The breading is not overly thick and the shrimp were not enormous, but not small either.  The cocktail sauce had a fair amount of horseradish, something a lot of places skimp on.  I will order this again.
5	Service here rocks! The Crabs are DELICIOUS!!!! I'm here every Tues or Thursday for their $2 females on Tues and $3 Medium Males on Thursday! If you like Blue Crabs then this is the place for you. Notice my excitement typing this review.
5	This place is amazing. It is owned by two brothers who are two of the nicest guys you will ever meet. The staff is very friendly and treats everyone like regulars. There is a Red Lobster in the same center that cannot even compare to this place. The beer selection is very good and blends well with the food. This is a true Maryland crab experience....hammer on the table and spice to dip in. Watch out when deals go on Living Social---it sells out fast!
4	Great owners. Super staff. DELICIOUS seafood. Prepare to get messy and enjoy yourself for a bit. Peelin shrimps and crackin crab shells takes time and skill, ha! Large, family style, picnic tables with butcher paper. Beers, wines, sports. Yum! Lookin forward to see them build on the west side!!!
5	Amazing place!!  The crab is well cooked and on Tues/Thursdays they have $2 female and $3 Male crabs.  The owners are very nice and the service is great.  Dipping the crab in a spicy vinegar with old bay makes the taste amazing.  Everyone has their own way of eating Blue crab, but I crack it open, and put all the insides on a side of rice and go at it with a hammer.  I highly recommend if you like crab.
5	Excellent service, casual dress, delicious blue crab, & a great place to go to on a date or with your friends! Vegas needed a place like this! The prices are great too! We've had so much bad service & crab at Red Lobster we've banned it from our restaurant list. Ironically, there's one across the way from here. I won't be surprised if Red Lobster closes soon!
5	Love it here !!!  They get crabs flown in daily !!!!!!
5	The Crab Corner is a great find.  The staff are super friendly and helpful and the food is really good. They also serve beer and have tons of specials; all you have to do is ask what's the special that day.  They're also a great place to watch games.  The owners are from Maryland so the whole place is decked out in MD gear.When I went here, I had eaten crabs before but never whole crabs and I never had to de-shell one before.  Our waiter was nice enough to dedicate some time to showing me how it was done, what parts were what, and all that jazz.  The boardwalk fries are delicious.  The same seasoning also goes on the crab if you ask and by itself the seasoning is tasty.The tables are covered with brown paper if you order the crabs so you can be as messy as you want.  Don't forget to use lemons on your hand when you're done eating though so your hands don't smell all day!This is a great place to go with friends, family, or date night.  I just wouldn't recommend a first date if you're going to get hands on with the crabs.  Date night seal of approval!
5	Great food ,The best crab cakes in town. We all ways bring friends there
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! If you are looking for a great neighborhood hangout where the food is outstanding and everyone treats you like family this is the place to be. They have great specials the seafood is fresh and the beer is cold. So roll up your sleeves and dig in.
4	Finally went to $2 Tuesday at this place. It gets busy on this popular night, but nothing too ridiculous. It's a small joint but it packs an amazing flavor punch.  We ordered some fried oysters, crab dip, sweet potato fries, and a dozen crabs (the best part).  It's a fun place to just hang out with friends and get dirty.  The fried oysters was a very substantial serving.  The oysters were fresh and like silk with a crunchy.  The sweet potato fries were cooked just right and perfect with the extra Chesapeake seasoning they put on the table for you.  The crab dip was surprisingly good, I expected a very standard too much mayo/cream cheese not enough crab situation.  But, it was full of crab and had a great creamy savory flavor on lightly toasted bread. The crabs were perfectly cooked and the taste was on point.  At $2 a pop, I will weather the Tuesday crowd for these lovely crustaceans.  The guys working were friendly and we got to chat with them towards the end of the night  Will definitely be coming back sometime soon.
4	Delicious crawfish! The sauce that they're served in is so delicious! The staff was very nice and showed us how to take apart the blue crab.  Yummy big fat shrimp!  We'll be back!
4	Came here because I purchased a living social deal that I couldn't resist.  I work near this place and have been wanting to try it out.  Its pretty similar setting to other "Crawfish" joints.  I guess when I thought of crab I was thinking Dungeness Crabs versus Blue Crab.  BUT on that note, the blue crab you get a choice of choosing Female or Male crab.  We chose a dozen all female and there were 4 of us digging in, and we still had left over.  Blue crab is a little bit more work, but let me say these blue crabs are pretty big and full of eggs if you eat eggs.  I do, with rice and dip the crab in vinegar sauce (which you have to ask for)...so Asian of me, LOL. He threw in an extra blue crab and glad I had that deal from living social.  Oh, I forgot to mention, the crab cakes are a must.  It really is made of crab pieces, and the only way I would eat crab cakes.  Its a bit expensive, but definitely worth trying and devouring!  We got the manager's info handy in case we ever want to order from his Point of Contact for Crawfish, crabs, etc.  We like to have crawfish parties in the convenience of home every now and then!Great place to go to other than the ones in Spring Mountain, no wait when we went.
5	Came here for lunch on a Thursday, was probably the first table then the place got packed. We ordered a dozen regular females for $2 each on tues/thurs, hush puppies, slaw, and cream of crab soup. Tasty indeed!! The crab does take a little bit longer then expected then a typical meal but its worth it. Jared was our server and he did an amazing job. Even when it started to pick up he was helping everyone out. Mucho kuddos to Jared!!! Will definitely be back... Even though I'm a Niners fan GOOOOO NINERS!!! :)
4	Very delicious! Highly recommend the soft shell crab and crab appetizer! Didn't care for the Maryland Crab soup, but service was excellent!
3	This was my first time eating blue crab. The staff was friendly and helpful with our cracking lessons, and the meat was delicious. I did find the poo-stuff inside the crab a little nasty looking, but I just did my best to scrape it out/wipe it off with a paper towel, and had no problems. The crab is a little expensive (we should have tried the Tues/Thurs deals!), but I think fresh blue crab anywhere is probably expensive. The main drawback for me was the sides. Potato salad and fries weren't bad, just didn't really stand out. Also, the potato salad was a small scoop served on a plastic dessert plate, which also seemed kinda lacking. The peel and eat shrimp were good, but not as good as what they serve at hot n juicy (nor did they have as many flavor options). Overall good, just not sure it was memorable enough to return.We were in on a Friday night and the clientele tended toward the 50+ crowd.  Bonus points for being locally-owned and in my neighborhood.
5	Ah yes. I'm sensing a pattern here, another strip mall, unassuming corner spot. It's a beer guzzling, picnic table, football loving locale the Baltimore Raven's fans call home.  The staff wears a funny tshirt that says "I got crabs in Vegas" that I believe is for sale too!  What an amazing spot! NO Sunday best's so get ready to get messy. The blue crab's are flown in daily. They are known for their crabcakes and you can also have live lobster, crawfish and shrimp from Louisiana & the gulf coast.    The best part of the menu is ordering by the dozen. Depending on the size of the crab is the price per dozen. They're brought to you in a bucket, steamed deliciouness that's worth all the effort.  And then you crack away. They provide you will a mini mallet, and crab cracker. Have fun and don't rush. The best of the crab is only enjoyed with patience.Bring the family because this is seafood eating at it's funnest!!  I can tell you from first hand experience on going crabbing in Savannah that anymore fresh and you'd be catching the crab yourself.
4	New to Vegas i didn't know any local restaurants, and couldn't afford to eat out anyways. I had a date with this one guy who offered to take me for  the best lobster in town. we pulled into this strip mall next to a Red Lobster, i started to laugh. Red Lobster is a "high end" fast food joint, far from BEST anything. then he pointed to the opposite corner of the mall, to this little hole in the wall. As i'm a foodie, and am a great seafood lover, i will ALWAYS try a new restaurant (especially if someone else is paying). as we walk in, and i see this place, little more than a school cafeteria in decoration, rolls of paper towels on the table, plastic table cloths over wooden picnic tables, i was wondering what kind of place did this guy bring me to? but i now realize the kitsch of the decoration, is part of the charm of this place, decorating (or lack there of) is a way to make EVERYONE feel at home, and not to detract from the taste of the food. We ordered the king crab legs and the lobster (what can i tell you, i have expensive tastes) however, the pricing was fairly reasonable. this was my first time having king crab, and even though i had a difficult time cracking those suckers, it was worth every minute. the lobster was the most tender i have ever had. being from Canada (Ontario, NOT the maritimes) i had never had hush-puppies, and personally probably won't have them again, they were OK, but a little too bland for my taste, reminded me a bit of falafel which i'm also not a fan of. Several months later when my mother was in town visiting me for my birthday, i brought her here, the look of skepticism on her face probably mimicked mine when i first came here, but she trusted me, because she knows how i am when it comes to food, if i recommend a place there's a reason for it. we ordered the lobster dip appetizer (AMAZING!) and again the lobster and king crab. unfortunately they were short on crackers, so we had to share one, not happy about this (they need to restock and have a surplus of these things, only downside of this place that i've seen so far), but the lobster and crab was even better than i remembered, my mother who has traveled the world over, has had lobster in Maine, Newfoundland, and other states and provinces in the east, and she was ready to order a second lobster (which we actually did). this time for the sides i ordered the sweet potato tots (i even ordered some to go after the second lobster, because they were so good), all in all, the 2 lobsters, an order of king crab legs and lobster appetizer came to $86, that is a DAMN good price. the next day, when my mother was back in Toronto, she called me up asking if she could fly in once a month just for the day, just to eat at the Crab Corner, and considering my mother doesn't like ANYTHING, that is one hell of an endorsement.
3	I am divided about this place.Prior to going, there was a lot of hype.  I had heard how delicious, how awesome.  As I lived in MD for six years, I was really looking forward to a great MD fresh seafood taste.We went in on Monday and the place was pretty full at 5:45.  There was only one table at that moment that would fit all six of us.  My mother-in-law and I both had the crab cake, which came with two sides.  My husband had snow crab legs, my father in law had a combination plate, and both kids had the popcorn shrimp.Everyone thought their food was fantastic.  The question really becomes is it worth the price that they charge?  I don't know.  The average cost per meal was $16.I had a living social coupon, which took off $20.  Because there was 6 of us, they charged 18% tip automatically.  I paid before we got our food (so it won't be an issue with my inlaws playing the "no, I AM paying" game).  Later while we were still there, I thought about the tip amount and it seemed under what it should have been.  The guy charged me tip on the amount AFTER he took the $20 off, but then he charged me for two kids drinks when they were supposed to be free with the kids meal.  Hence, $5 that would have been the extra tip I was about to leave, was paid to the house for his error.  Oh well.I am not sure if I will return.  There are a lot of great places in Vegas and I am not sure that I was bowled over by it.
5	It was perfect and authentic. We weren't up for picking crabs this evening, but enjoyed the lump crab cake -made Maryland-style.
3	I really wanted to like this place. But the food just didnt do it for me. I am all about the food and when I went here the crab and seafood just felt very mediocre. Good but not great.
2	Awwww, Crab Corner! We were so excited, based on the reviews we read.  The first surprise was the cheap storefront appearance, as we were expecting a real restaurant experience. The paper towels and plasticware didn't help, but I figured they put their money into their food. Amongst the three of us we tried the fried catfish, fried clams, hushpuppies, pulled pork sandwich, fries, crab cakes and- of course- the snow crab legs. The hushpuppies were fried too hard, but would have been great otherwise. The catfish was also fried way too hard, but the fish inside was melt-in-your-mouth good. The clams weren't as over-fried. The pulled-pork sandwich wasn't a big hit (and wasn't especially attractive) but the little container of barbecue sauce went over well, if that says anything. It was way overpriced for being just a sandwich -it should've been half the price. The Boardwalk fries were all right but the special seasoning just tasted like salt to us. We didn't like the crab cakes at all, but appreciated that they appear to be made with real crab. Finally, the service was off. A couple of orders were forgotten, one order was incorrect, and the two servers, who were both friendly, seemed overwhelmed with being responsible for everything from  taking orders to clearing tables to cashiering. I'd hate to see what would happen if the place was more than half-full.  The crab wasn't anything special. I guess there's not much you can do with crab except ruin it, which they didn't do.  It was $19.00 for just the crab legs and no sides, which didn't impress my S.O., the crab eater of our group. So I hate to say it, but we won't be back.
3	You don't come to a Maryland crab house, be it in Baltimore or Las Vegas, seeking ambiance and we didn't.  We were unable to adjust our schedule to take advantage of the Tuesday and Thursday crab specials so we opted to share a crab cake entree which came with (2) 1/3 pound lump meat crab cakes and 2 sides with us choosing coleslaw and sweet potato tots. The crab cake had little observable filler and large chunks lump crab, just the way I make them at home.
1	Was so excited to try this place but am thoroughly disappointed.  Nothing was good about this place.  I order a cup of the Maryland soup,I think it was, and it tasted like salt water.   I also order the king crab legs and it was overcooked and felt like plastic.  I wasn't even given any utensils, butter or lemon!!! What kind of place doesn't serve butter and lemon with their crab?  You would think $30 bucks for 4 crab legs would be a little bit more presentable, not just given to you in a plastic basket.The guy who took our order, did it over an iPhone and seemed like this was the first time he's ever took an order in his life.  Overall, I'm sorry to say but this place is horrible.  The check was over $100, for 4 people and nothing was even half way decent for the price.  We will not be back.
3	This restaurant reminds me of the Jerry Seinfeld routine "Even Steven" from the TV show.  For everything positive I want to say about it there is a negative.  So I will present the Even Steven review for your consideration.We had a deal from one of the local coupon sites and it sounded great.We arrived and were a bit surprised it was in a strip mall and had a decor similar to several other hole in the wall establishments.  This in itself is neither good nor bad as some of the best and worst places are in similar locations.We sat down and were informed the blue crab was on special for $3.00 each.  We ordered King Crab legs, 4 blue crab, and a place of fried shrimp and clams and a cup of maryland crab chowder. For the sides we had boardwalk Fries and potato salad. (Starches yum)The waiter brought us our drinks and we watched others fill bowls with crab meat.The food arrived quickly ( a positive)But the waiter almost threw the crab on the table as if he was in a hurry to get away. (a negative)Other people had bowls and butter (a positive) but we were offered neither of these. Ultimately we asked for and were given very small containers of butter. (a negative.)We were provided with a Mallet and regular forks to use for our food.  The Blue Crab were small.  We were offered no instruction on how to crack them open even though the waiter was aware it was our first visit. (a negative) The meat we could get out of them was very tasty and well cooked. (a positive.)The King Crab Legs were steamed and pre split (a positive) and tasty especially with the butter.  The soup was excellent with plenty of crab flakes and a strong hint of crab flavor.The side of potato salad is one of the best potato salads I have tried. (a positive) but the boardwalk fries were a disappointment, arriving soggy and flavorless. ( a negative) The crab seasoning kicked them up a bit though. (a positive). The fried shrimp and clams were good.  You could taste the difference between the clams here and the fast food ones you might get elsewhere.  (POSITIVE).  However, the portion was rather small for the price. (negative)  We didn't even get wet naps after to help clean up.(negative)In fact, overall, while the food itself is good, it certainly wasn't worth what our bill resulted in.  The prices charged were along the lines of the nice strip casino located restaurants but the food portions, quality, locations and atmosphere do not support the price point.I will say the manager or owner was very friendly with all the customers, the bathrooms appeared clean and even had a sign to talk to the manager if there was a problem, and everyone did enjoy themselves.With a great concept, this might have gotten 4 stars with a better price and service but if you like the Maryland crab concept, don't mind getting messy and have a few bucks to burn, you should enjoy this restaurant.
4	I would rate this 5 stars if I was into rating places that aren't full service 5 stars. This place is amazing! I very much enjoyed this, all of the food was excellent and the service was good as well. The crab was nice and fresh, the food was hot and served correctly. Seasoning was spot on on everything!
3	I actually had only crab when I came here for the first time with some friends.  The crabs themselves were ok, not a big fan of the blue soft shell crabs but at least they were only $2 each.  My main order was a fried platter of fried oysters, fried shrimp, hush puppies and sweet potato tots.  The only thing that disappointed were the fried shrimp.  After the meal, I felt like I overpaid for the quality of food I got but it satisfied my craving for fried seafood.  I've definitely had better elsewhere though.
5	the best seafood in town  .....People there are super nice
5	This place doesn't seem like it would have such fresh delicious crab but its does! My husband and I can't stop eating there and the servers are nice. I like the casual atmosphere as well. Blue crab is the best!
5	Yummy fresh crabs...a little messy, but that's half the fun.  Try their $2 Tuesday specials if you are new to the little suckers and are unsure of yourself.  As long as you enjoy crab and don't mind a little work to get to the sweet crab meat, this is the place for you.I recommend the Annapolis Crab Dip - super yummy!  Staff is very friendly, but cut them a little slack on Tuesdays when they're absolutely slammed.For fresh live seafood, I think it's very affordable, but beware, they have so many tasty items that it's easy to get carried away...but worth it if you do.
1	Wow! Place seemed like a hit. I hade a 2 item combo! Shrimp which was ehhhh frozen restaurant warehouse boxed shrimp. Fried clams which were 5 stars. I had potato salad and for 1.50 extra a crab soup. Pretty fair place. I have been to them all hot n juicy and boiling crab. The problem? It's 245 am approximately 12 hours ago I was finishing up. I'm now sitting on the bowl and have a case of brown water. With what is now my 3rd round of barfing. Incubation period for food  poisoning is 9 to 12 hours.......... BINGO. So thanks guys from the bottom of my .......... Fart
5	Fab service, excellent meals, and a great relaxed setting.  I love the wooden picnic tables and brown paper table "cloth", very authentic and convenient.   The crabs are oh so fresh and finger licking good. And great specials $2 Tuesdays regular blue crabs and domestic beers and $3 Thursdays medium male crabs and any beerBest place to get crabs period.
5	Excellent "hands on" blue crab experience. Use your mallet, plastic knife and fingers to get every crab morsel. Lots more on the menu to enjoy on multiple visits. A must go to place. Price per dozen depends on size of crabs. On Tues, only $2 per crab for regular size plus $2 bottles of domestic beer.Not too many tables. Can wait 30mins to be seated then food takes a while to come out of the kitchen but your patience is highly rewarded.
5	Fantastic seafood and amazing staff. Get off of the Las Vegas strip and have a great meal.
2	They are certainly proud of their food..  Prices too high for what you get.
5	My wife is from maryland and she went GAGA over this place it had surprisingly good catfish too!!
5	This place is awesome, had the whole crabs I had been looking for, and it was $2 tuesday which you can get a small crab or beer for that price. I also had a side of coleslaw and rice, both were good. My server Devin was great, polite, and even demonstrated had to take the crab apart. There were plenty of tables to sit at, so no wait, and the food came out at in a reasonable amount of time. Wish I came here before that crappy hot n' juicy place.
5	crabs are delicious and price are reasonable! go try them out!
4	Loved the dining experience, the atmosphere and the crab legs.  Yum.  We were fortunate to sit next to a really nice couple who were kind enough to give a tutorial on how to eat a steamed crab.  The employees were super nice and helpful.  I was impressed at the diversity of people.
4	I am totally addicted to seafood. I like trying to find places that serve fresh seafood around Las Vegas since it can be hard. I yelped Crab Corner and the reviews were all great, so my family and I decided to try it out for ourselves. When we arrived there was only one table taken, I was shocked that it wasn't packed but glad since we didn't have to wait to be seated. My family and I ordered the hush puppies, calamari, Boardwalk fries, crawfish, and a dozen blue crab. The hush puppies were delicious one of the best hush puppies I have tried. My niece and daughter loved the crawfish so much that we had to order them another pound. The blue crab was as fresh as can be since they do get it shipped from Maryland. They have vinegar to dip your crab in, yes I said vinegar! It's pretty hard to find any seafood places that carry vinegar around here.
4	After finding this place through our trusty Yelp, my family and I decided to give this place a try.  Since this place specializes in blue crab, we decided to order a dozen medium sized blue crabs.  There are several sizes to chose from: small, medium, large, and jumbo.  If you're not sure what size to opt for, sample sizes are posted on a board along with the price of each size.  The prices are per dozen and range from $29-$99.  They also give you the option of choosing between male or female crabs.  The crabs were perfectly seasoned and I love the fact that they have vinegar as a dipping sauce.  They also have melted butter.  We also ordered 2 pounds of crawfish, hushpuppies, calamari, and boardwalk fries which were all tasty.
4	Great food, but pretty pricey for what you get. The atmosphere is nice and casual. Went on a Monday afternoon and it was steady but not overly crowded.Their crab dip is excellent, and their crab cakes might be the best I've ever had. All meat, almost no filler.It well be a while before I return, but only because of the price. About $25 to $35 per person, plus appetizers.
5	Great food and awesome service this place is on my top 10 of best foods in Las Vegas.
5	My wife and I are visiting Las Vegas and were looking for a place to eat off the strip.  We found the Crab Corner based on another internet review and, seeing the number of positive reviews posted, decided to go ourselves.  We expected to find a fancy restaurant and had actually called to make reservations (I have to laugh at that now!).  Instead we found this unassuming little place on the corner of a strip mall.  Nothing fancy at all.  In fact, it looked a bit seedy from the outside, but we decided to dive in  and go "local."  As soon as we walked in we were greeted by a young waiter in a "I GOT CRABS IN LAS VEGAS" T-shirt.  He was very friendly and gave us a corner seat.  The tables were totally plain with a set of condiments for each.  He took our order for drinks and another waiter came and took our order for food.  On his iPhone.  This was in itself awesome--the order was wired to the cooks before the water even left the table!  The waiter was funny and helpful, and even photobombed a pic I shortly took of my wife and me at the restaurant!  I posted it to FB right away :-)  We got the crab cakes which, as other reviewers wrote, were some of the best I've ever had--all crab.  The clam strips were fantastic and actually had real clam strips within instead of the usual nothing-but-fried-stuff with a clam residue.  The fried fish was excellent and my wife, a Texan, couldn't help but repeatedly comment how she could taste the beer in the batter.  The portions were not monstrous--they would be normal--and I ordered another plate of clam strips simply because I'd never had any so good.  We were so happy with the experience that I bought a T-shirt from the place then and there, and we are sworn repeat customers.  PS: I was momentarily afraid after we left because I had stuff myself on fried food, a massive "no-no" for dinner time as I then suffer bad indigestion all night long.  Call it coincidence or call it some sort of "quality" frying, but I did not have any problems sleeping with a belly full of fried Crab Corner food :-)Check this place out and really enjoy the small cafe atmosphere.  You will not regret it!Thanks for an excellent night Crag Corner!
4	Food is wonderful!  The crab is outstanding and everything is so fresh. I took my parents for dinner because they love crab. They absolutely love crab. They were very happy. The pulled pork sandwich is ok for a seafood restaurant, but the crab is on the level of much higher priced restaurants.The atmosphere is fun and open. Not stuffy and boring. I suggest a visit if you have never been.
5	love the crab here.  Fairly priced and cheap on Tuesdays and Thursdays!
4	went with a groupon or living social and was surprised on how good it was, had fish and chips, but next time I will have the crab, very friendly, great service, far price and very local vibe
3	Reading the reviews it seems like Crab Corner would have been absolutely amazing BUT it fell short. I ordered the crab cake sandwich and boardwalk fries, my hubby ordered the King Crab legs and the lobster bisque. We got there early (11:20a) but the guy (owner possibly) opening up was late so we were a little chilly standing outside until about 11:35. But he made up for it and got us two beers rather quickly.  The pros were his humor and professionalism, the food tasted overall good, The cons are the location (in an old mexican market plaza) and the place itself wasn't as visually pleasing. The food was good but definitely over priced. My seafood palette was thankful in the end. Will I go back? Maybe...
5	Great place! The guys working there are reality nice and as a first time crabber,  they showed me and my fiance how to open up the shell! And the food was fresh and great!
4	Crab Corner eastside location.  It was almost full at 2:00 PM. Very casual atmosphere in a very unassuming room in the corner of a strip mall. They have a special several days a week, Wednes day is Lobster day featuring a 1 1/2 lber for $19.95. We had Crab Legs, Crab Cakes, Lobster Bisque and 2 sides. The Crab cakes were absolutely excellent and the bisque was very tastey. The service was excellet by two very personable young men both wearing I Got Crabs in Las Vegas TShirts. A bit over priced, but a coupon from LivingSocial took care of that. I will definalely do back.
2	I realllyyyyyy wanted to like this place. I was killing time waiting to go somewhere and hadn't had dinner yet. Based on a previous review I decided to stop in at the crab corner and order what had been highly rated in a previous review, Clam strips, hush puppies and catfish with sweet potato fries. When my plate came out it looked pleasantly full- crispy burnished brown, with a fresh homemade-looking cocktail sauce and tartar sauce. Sadly, the flavor did not live up to the first impression looks. The clams had a crisp exterior which yeilded an unpleasantly mushy and dare I say slimy? Interior. Some of the crispy bits had clam, some were more clam- flavored batter, I'd say half the total order. I'm completely perplexed as to how the previous reviewer had "ordered another of clam strips as they were the best he'd ever had". The catfish still had that silver skin on underneath the batter and tasted pretty muddy. I never understood people complaining about "catfish tasting dirty" till now. Brrrr. The pieces were small and pretty thin, too (anyone looking for amazing crispy fresh catfish, try Cravin' Cajun on Jones which will still be my go-to). The sweet potato fries were greasy and limp within 5 minutes of their arrival. I ate 3 hush puppies which seemed to be the only rightly flavorful and "decent" part of the plate. To top it all off.. I ordered a fountain drink (root beer) and the first thing I noticed upon a sip was the strong tap water aftertaste. What the heck!!!The only thing I think worth stars in this whole meal was the service, with only 2 young guys manning the front and I swear they checked on me at least twice through my meal (both of them). How this place earned a 2012 Review Journal "Best Of" completely escapes me!!! Now to upload the pics I took. Sigh.
4	Stopped into Crab Corner on Friday for a late lunch.  I wanted to try something I'd never had before, and I had just been reading up on Crab Corner over on Rainbow.  The location was clean, and the guys working were pleasant.Now for the fun!Maryland Crab Soup:  I was SO surprised to find a half of a crab in my soup!  In addition to just the shredded crab meat, they put a half a blue crab in it!  It was delicious, although being served a soup in a styrophoam bowl was a little...interesting.  Not what I expected.We did the "Pick two combo Entree" and ordered:Sea Clams: Breaded well and delicious.  Catfish nuggets: OMG so tasty!  Hushpuppies:  So good, they didn't need any sauce. The coctail sauces and tartar sauce they served with the dish was really good too.We also did a pound of the Garlic Hard Shell Blue crab halves.I'd never had blue crab, and I'm usually not a fan of the claw meat.  (I know, I'm weird...)THIS was delicious.  The claw meat was awesome, and the crab was easy to "pick" apart.All in all, I enjoyed the food a lot.  I plan to try out the Rainbow location as well, and next time I'm trying the crab cakes.  :D
4	A Maryland crab house, located in the desert - what will they think of next? On Thursdays, medium crabs and all bottled beers are $3 each.  We ordered 6, crabs, not beers, plus sides of sweet potato tots and coleslaw.  With mallets in hand we took to hammering away at the blue crabs while washing everything down with a pair of Stella Artois'.  The crabs were delicious, but varied in size so I am not convinced these were all "medium".  The sweet  potato tots were outstanding and the coleslaw was refreshing.  Our personable server also brought us samples of 3 house-made soups: lobster bisque, Maryland crab, and clam chowder.  The lobster bisque was excellent though the other 2 were not far behind.
2	I was so excited that Crab Corner opened on Rainbow and Sunset. I took my friend there for a belated birthday lunch as she is from Maryland and loves good crab. We got seated at a table in the middle of the room - no biggie - except that the waiter mentioned that it is much warmer in this area. The restaurant was absolutely freezing! I had a sweater on but my friend had a light sweater and was miserable cold the whole time we were there. The waiter was attentive except he had his cell phone out and was checking it in between talking to us which was very annoying. He was very informative and went into detail about the menu along with the specials. Both waiters were running non-stop but did check in with tables. We did not get a refill of our drinks which was disappointing.We were served soup in Styrofoam bowls - REALLY! The soup was very good but we had to eat it quickly as it cooled off fast. The crab cakes we ordered were excellent with 1/3 pound of crab and was served on fun red plates. The homemade coleslaw was very good and definitely a great side. I would like to try the blue crab and other entrees but not until the place warms up!
2	Angela and I came on a Sunday afternoon during a Baltimore and Pittsburgh game. Place is a Baltimore fan place (owners from Maryland I think) and there were plenty of fans in their Baltimore jerseys. So what's cool? When Baltimore scores, everyone in the place wearing a Baltimore jersey gets a free crab! That's pretty cool.So what wasn't cool? The crab Angela and I got. Overcooked and way too dry. We ordered the snow and king crab. Also got an order of the calamari and hushpuppies. The calamari wasn't too tasty either. The hushpuppies on the other hand, were pretty outstanding. The sad thing is Angela ate here when they just opened and loved it. She was pretty sure it was one of our waiters that was working the kitchen and felt the new cook just sucked. Just really disappointing food.
2	Overrated!!!! I have eaten better crab legs in a lot of places for cheaper and much more flavor!!!  The only thing I liked was the sweet potato tots. Otherwise save your money or lower your expectations
5	The one place in Las Vegas that I crave for.  The one restaurant that I missed when I was living in Australia for one year.  Be prepared to work for your food and get a little messy!  Have fun! Walk in and the place is simply furnished But cushioned seats. Sports plays on the tvs. Some tables are shared between 2 parties. Paper covers the table so you can eat right off of it. Our server Bryce was very friendly, attentive, and really great overall.  My man drank beers and I had soda. They offered $1 oysters so we ordered 6.  I didn't care for these as they were larger than I prefer. My favorite starter is the creamy lobster bisque. Always has good bits of lobster in the thick and tasty soup.  I don't want any other kind of crab but blue crab when I come here. The bigger the better.  They have a great deal $2 blue crab on Tuesdays. Although I have never taken advantage of it.  It is enough work for me to get the meat out so I prefer as much meat as possible.  The females are great when it is the season for eggs.  I like the eggs and fat mixed in my rice.  Everyone does it different. I flip it to its under side.  Pull off all of the legs. Flip open the shell of the abdomen and remove it.  Stick the knife in the opening you've just made to separate the body from the big shell. Then using my knife I scrape off all of the gills and guts to toss away.  Then break the body in half to get the good stuff!   I save my wooden mallet for the claws.  I take a folded paper towel and place it over the claw before I hammer at it, to prevent flying shells. Sprinkle the old bay seasoning in my melted butter for dipping. Then to balance all the salt I enjoy my crab with steamed rice.  We shared a half dozen of large females today.  I felt they were a bit small for my appetite so we also ordered the little neck clams.   I love them smaller.  The flavor for me tends to be better.  So yumm!  They give you bread for dipping in it's seasoned garlic butter sauce.  Smells good too!  The nice thing about this crab spot is that the smell of seafood and seasonings doesn't linger on you in comparison to the Cajun style restaurants.  Our total for 2 people came out to around $78.  All my friends that I bring here love it. One exception is my girlfriend who refuses to get her hands messy.
5	$2 crab tuesdays, you cant beat that deal with a stick!!!!!
4	After 4 times of planning, I finally made it.  I went to the Crab Corner on S Eastern.  Go there during day time. You will thank me.  It is just like being in Baltimore. Parking is in a  strip mall. My wife and I both ordered a crab cake sandwich.  I seek out crab cakes where every I go.  It is nice to go to a place where Old Bay spice is available.  The crab cakes came out after a short wait. The crab cakes were large, served on a larger roll with lettuce and lemon and a sauce on the side, along with fries.  Old Bay was on the table to added on both the fries and the cake.  The crab cake was a mix of lump and claw with little filler.  It was also cooked with bark on both sides.  It was very good. 8/10Check the pictures for seating. The staff was great and could not have been any nicer.Ciao
4	Was craving crabs while in Vegas, but not interested in AYCE buffets or big crowds. Found this place on yelp and tried it out. Servers were friendly and laid back, atmosphere casual and no wait on a Saturday night (might worry some people, but i trust my fellow yelpers so I counted that a huge plus :) We ordered bacon wrapped scallops, onion rings, crab cakes, a lb of snow crab legs and a pulled pork sandwich. My date loved the scallops. I liked them, but would've preferred better bacon (the scallops were yummy and plump though). I will agree with the masses that the crab cakes were great and full of crab. Snow crab legs were delicious, pulled pork sandwich was huge and tender. If you're over the buzz of The Strip and looking for a chill place to get some tasty seafood (and other) grub, take a short drive and check this out.
4	10 dollars to smell.  Well, that's what they should charge.  Amazing for the sniffer.I got an order of Blue Crab, halved and cleaned, in garlic butter.  $11.99/lb....eeeee owww.  Served with rice.  Awesome.It was gorged in butter, parsley, and Old Bay - it was delicious.   The problem is that with all the necessary work,  the food turns cold after bite #3.The service, gents, were very nice and gregarious.  The ambiance turns a corner of a mini-mall into a pretty good maryland-ish vibe.All in all, save yourself the work.  Go for crabcakes or a crab salad sandwich, and call it a day.
1	This place was terrible.   I'm 99% sure they just take Campbells vegetable soup and add a little crab.   Crab cakes were expensive and only slightly above average.   The hush puppies were pretty legit though.
5	For a true Maryland style seafood restaurant you can't beat Crab Corner. The Annapolis crab dip is amazing. The steamed shrimp and crabs, delicious. Lobster bisque, excellent.. Not to mention the friendly staff that provides great service. If you are from Maryland, like I am, it even smells like home. Not to mention the $2 crabs & beer on Tuesdays and they have Tasty Kake products too! Now if they only carried Rapa scrapple my wish list for this restaurant would be complete!
3	Last night I went to Crab Corner because of a Groupon that I had bought recently, otherwise I would have never known about this place.  Owners are 2 brothers from Baltimore and there represent Baltimore pretty hard... :)I ordered the Garlic Hard-shell blue crab halves, 11.99 per lb (menu on yelp is a little outdated) comes with 2 blue crabs on a bed of rice, very tasty, love blue crab but watch out, those suckers shells are dangerous.. the first couple of bites or rice were good but I only took a couple bites, got too goopy.Boyfriend got the crab cakes which comes with 2 sides; hush puppies and boardwalk fries (extra charge), but the sides are amazing... crab cakes had chunks of crab, he loved them.Would definitely come back again... different then boiling crab or hot n juicy.... definitely worth a go. Next time I'm going for the dozen blue brab, and you get one free through yelp.
1	We came here for our fourth and final time. I noticed a steady decline in the quality of food each time we came back. I ordered the 1/3 pound crab cake platter. The crab cake platter came with two sides...I ordered the sweet potato fries and the hush puppies. The crab cake was just okay. It didn't really taste like crab. Ive had better crab from Walmart to be honest. The fries were very soggy and limp. The only thing I really liked was the hush puppies. They were as another reviewer stated "legit". My wife ordered the garlic blue crab plate. After about ten minutes of waiting for her food one of the staff came over and told my wife and our friend that the crab they ordered wasn't good and they'd need to order something else. We were very happy that they at least told us the crab was bad but then it really made us think about if we want to ever eat here again. We got our answer not once but twice! My wife decided on getting the peel and eat shrimp. It was bland and had a funky sauce that came with it. Then what put me over the top was when we got our bill. They charged us an 18% gratuity! For me my wife and two kids they charged us. They also charged our friend 18% gratuity and it was just her and her daughter. WTF!!! Right then and their I knew I was done with this place. I'll bet they charge everyone the gratuity and most people don't even look at their bill. It's sad because I always tip but I don't want to be forced to tip. To me the way they do it it's like stealing.
5	The most excellent seafood but to my surprise I can't stay away from their home made potato salad. I crave it nightly.
5	If your hungry for crab or shrimp you must go here. Whenever I'm in Vegas I never forget to come here. They serve the best food and their service is perfect. It's great to find a perfect place that makes me want to go time and time again. I have yet to find anything comparable to here. Thanks
3	went here enjoyed some calamari as well as some crab which my company happen to find rubberband still handing from a claw . didnt like the seating arrangement it was picnic table style seating and very limited . half way thru our meal we were accompanied by an elderly humorous couple luckily because all we could think about is some horrible party sitting on our bench . overall the food was ok not like i tried too much on the menu but i knew id prolly not be back for the simple fact that they're more expensive/pricey then both HOT & JUICY & BOiliNG CRAB but nowhere near established as of yet
4	So very glad I purchased a Living Social deal to check this place out. I love seafood but I unfortunately live in a desert, so it is normal to be skeptical about fresh seafood. I brought my Dad here and we loved it. One of the staff members seemed to be new because he almost placed another table's food in front of us. He was also unsure about some items on the menu. We had the hot crab dip appetizer, I had blue crabs, and my Dad got a fried food platter. The app was amazing and cheesy and I had to not think about the amount of calories I was shoving in my mouth. I personally feel that breading and frying any seafood is a travesty so I didn't bother to sample anything on my Dad's plate. I had a great time whacking away on the blue crabs. The other diners were super sweet and everyone interacted with each other. Some were regulars and some were new because of the deal. It added to the appeal to have your tables very close together. The only reason why I had to bring this to 4 stars is because I attempted to go here once and it was closed. It was a Monday night when the Ravens were playing a Monday night game. Isn't this place billed as a Baltimore joint? My friend and I were disappointed that when we saw the sign that said that the place is closed on Monday nights during the winter.
4	Craving some East Coast crab in Las Vegas and came across this place. Thumbs up! They really have little neck clams too.
4	Note - this review is based on the experiences of the 7 other people with me - we came here for their Tues Female blue crab special for 2 dollars a crab.  My friends have been here at least 10 times and love it.Unfortunately after eating half of a crab I started getting sick - 20 mins later I was stabbed with an epipen and off to the races to the ER.  But my personal allergies shouldn't be a reason to downgrade the ranks- everyone in my party loved this place- Def check it out.  Now I know I'm really allergic to blue crabs!
5	Seriously LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Omg I can't... !!! They're just so damn good. We like to go and share the sampler... But I can't remember the exact name of it..  It's clams, mussels, corn, shrimp, and the blue crabs on a trash lid.. Omg so so so good. If you haven't gone in to check them out make sure to do so. They're amazingly yummy. 3 thumbs up
3	To start off, we were told they didn't have any blue crabs due to the cold weather back east. Bummer, but OK, that happens, we'll eat something else, although we had come in specifically for the blue crabs. Then the water tasted bad and was basically undrinkable, despite being told it's triple filtered. Bleh. Then my order of 4 mini crab cakes were extremely small....and deep fried. My fault for not asking if they were deep fried or pan-fried, which is my preferred method and the way most strip restaurants I frequent prepare it. So since I was pretty hungry, I also ordered the lobster bisque, which came out quickly and was piping hot. The first spoonful were quite good, with the deep and distinct flavor of sherry. But by the end of the bowl and with the cooling of temperature, it no longer was as tasty. None of this was the fault of our waiter who was quite informative and on point with his service. A friend who has been there many times and tried a number of different things on the menu said she only likes the blue crabs. So now I know, call ahead next time and just come for the blue crabs.
1	So much to say...so many dislikes.  Service terrible, strip mall awful, picnic style tables awful.  Item missing from order, asked for it, still never got it and had to ask to remove from bill.  Soft shell crab greasy.  Female blue crab, no meat, too much work for no meat.  Crab soup 99% lima beans with no flavor.  Would not recommend nor return. I wouldn't even give 1 Star but the system makes you give at least one.
4	We came on a Tuesday at 730pm. Half the seating wAs available. They have 9 tables total with seating for about 56 people. We were greeted immediately once we seated ourselves. Our drink order was taken and delivered within 2 minutes. We ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell. A dozen blue crabs half male, half female. We had a yelp coupon for an additional crab with an order of a dozen. Additionally we ordered snow crab legs and crab cakes with hush puppies and potato salad. Food started being delivered about 15 minutes later.
5	Would absolutely go again. Went on a Thursday, great beer special $3!! The waiter was perfect, knew the menu back and forth as was just patient with us.
5	This place is crab heaven on earth! Only the freshest yummiest blue crabs that you could get in Vegas!!!Devin and Grant offered excellent service : our sodas are refilled on time, our buckets emptied and they made sure we got everything we needed to enjoy these feast!!We ordered also additional crabs to go and they packed it good for us - suited for our drive back home!!!Definitely coming back!!! Excellent place and service!!!!!!!
3	We ate here tonight. (1st time with a Groupon). Food was really good and the hush puppies are amazing. The Sweet Potato Fries were disappointing and very bland. The reason I'm giving 3 stars was the service. We were promptly seated and had our order taken... BUT then never got drink refills. We also had to ask for the check, and  had to ask 3x for more sauce. Spending 40+ dollars for 2 people I would have liked better service.
5	This place totally rocked. Friendly,  attentive, and informative staff. Great food! Fast service. My friends and I were in in Vegas for the week. We saw a group on and decided to take a chance and we are so glad we did. I had the King Crab Legs and they were oh so good. My friend had the Blue Crabs and was in heaven. Reasonable prices as well. Give it a try. You'll be glad you did!
5	Every time I'm in Las Vegas I stop by this place. Even though I've never seen the same face twice, every face I see is friendly and very cool. I always get my crab and shrimp to go and they always take care of me. The prices are a little steep but that's only because they have the crab flown in. I only bring it up for the people who want to know. I have never once considered not going because of the price. Although... one day I hope I can get the large sized crab and not only the regular. This is easily my favorite place to eat in Vegas and I can't wait until I go back.
4	Went to this place for the first time after seeing all the reviews. The staff was VERY friendly and attentive. The service here alone deservers 5 stars. I had the Crab Cake Sandwich with Fries. The Sandwich was okay. They said it was 95% crab, but for some reason it didn't taste right. Seemed under seasoned and very fishy taste. I've ate crab cakes at many establishments and Crab Shack isn't the best I've had. The fries were a little overdone but still good.Overall, I give this place 4 stars. The crab cakes weren't that bad and people really seemed to enjoy the blue crabs (their speciality). I probably won't order the crab cakes again but it's worth another visit to try the actual blue crabs.
4	I decided to give "Crab Corner" a try after driving by so many times. I had never had crabs in the shell before so was a bit worried when we arrived. There were about 10 people dining when we arrived and I got a look at what they were eating before we ordered, The staff was very friendly and offered suggestions on what to try. We ordered 4 crabs to start and when they arrived the staff took the time to show us "how to eat a crab"! They were very tasty so we ordered 10 more and I also ordered a crab cake, onion rings ,fries and 4 ears of corn. Everything was tasty and very fun to eat. We will return. The only complaint was the soda as well as the water had a weird taste so we ordered a bottled water and a beer.
2	I was hoping to be able to put 4 or more stars like so many others have but I cannot.  The food isn't bad, the service isn't bad, but I cannot say this has been a memorable experience.
5	Best seafood in Las Vegas hands down! Not to mention the crab cakes and tartar sauce.  Will definitely be back!
5	My wife and I shared the 2 crab cake platter.  The crab cakes were some of the best we've ever had.  Lots of lump crab.  The fries were very good as well.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  The restaurant was comfortable and clean.
4	Already won style points for being open for lunch during the week (I'm looking at you, Boiling Crab).I wish they had some fast-casual place like this in Chicago. Everything is either a fried greasepit or something pretty expensive.  There is some righteous blue crab action happening here.I tried the soft-shell crab platter and it was tasty. The crabs weren't too greasy despite being fried and breaded.   My parents, being veterans of this joint, knew right away to get a dozen female blue crabs and then do some work on them.  They'll lay the crabs out on your plastic covered table and give you tools to crack and destroy each one.  Each crab is spiced with some spice that is a Maryland specialty (the name escapes me).  It's definitely messy and not very romantic, but as long as your partner is ok with you looking like a fool with crab all over, go ahead and visit.  FYI - crabs are market price and flown in from Maryland when in season.  You can order males or females.The hushpuppies were hearty and delicious.  Fries were ok, but definitely go with hushpuppies for your side.  I also tasted the crab cake sandwich which held its own, but the stars are the cute little blue crabs.Service was friendly and attentive. Lots of Ravens and Terrapins gear on the wall- dude is proud of his Baltimore roots. We bonded over a conversation about Steve Blake, Juan Dixon, and the last Maryland CBB championship.
1	Ordered XLarge crab.. 1/2 hour later for take out. They were going to give me the uncooked version. So after 15 more min. I received the regular size crab. I asked, this can't be the XLarge size. He said. That it is becuz we measure it. Dude I'm still in my server restaurant outfit for Caesars, I'm not stupid, that's a mini me crab.
3	I'm in this area of town for work for the week and bookmarked several places to grab lunch. Crab Corner was my #1 pick. Sadly, on Monday, I got out at 11AM for an hour lunch, only to find this place closed. Looked it up later and they don't open til 11:30AM for lunch. Too bad for them, because I planned ahead to hit them today and while waiting in their parking lot from 11:15-11:30, no less than six people walked up and decided against waiting for them to open. Highly suggest they open a smidge earlier, they're losing out on business.In any case, I managed to make it in and service was polite- placed a to go order for a crab cake sandwich, had a little bit of sticker shock at the $13 price tag that didn't even include fries or an add-on option for a discounted soup (as other menu items do). Order took a reasonable 15 minutes, server brought me cold water while I waited, which was appreciated. When my order was brought out, the box was opened to show me the food and I was given extra lemons and tartar sauce without even asking, which was great.Crab cake sandwich itself was tasty- the cake is a good size and surprisingly delicate with a light flavor. Good amount of crab and not too much breading was used, but felt the seasoning was almost a bit too light. Tartar sauce is made in house and it's evident in the taste: light, fresh, spot-on flavor! Only issue I took with my order was that the sandwich was stuffed with three lettuce leaves and two thick slices of tomato, almost as if to make the sandwich look bigger- but the extra toppings made the sandwich messy so half had to be removed. Filling portion, though.Would come back for some fresh seafood or other menu items. Their website indicates that they have various discounts and promotions, and Tuesdays in particular they offer $2 male or female blue crabs and $2 beers, which I sadly could not take advantage of during work hours.
5	I would normally not rate any place 5 stars on the first visit , but if you are the mood for some really good seafood this is the place. Went with co-workers for lunch and wishes we could wash it down with some beer bit we had to go back to work. Now the food started with oyster and very clean tasting !! Then the garlic plater crabs, shrimp that three of is split and we all had plenty to eat. The staff kept our drinks full and were a lot of fun very friendly. I'm looking forward to having dinner and many more lunches it's not cheep so remember you get what you pay for.
2	Over priced and disappointing. I've had better fish at Long Johns. Fried oasters were fishy and soggy. The crab soup was bland. The only thing that was good was the onion rings.
1	I went to this place around 11:35am and the door sign say open 11:30am I tried to open the door and it's still locked but workers are already inside just looking at me i waited for them to open the door but did not. One star!
4	Family and I decided to try this place out. Went there on a Thursday night. There were several patrons eating. They had a special $3 crabs on Thursday and decided to order a dozen of crabs. Along with that, we ordered oysters, calamari and shrimp.  The food was delicious. We finished the whole dozen crabs along with the others that we ordered.  There was a bit of sticker shock on the oysters.  It was ridiculously over priced for only 6 pcs.  We will continue to eat there as food was really good and very casual. They recommend you use your fingers and hands to eat.
5	I really like this place. Good food and customer service and a fun atmosphere when the Ravens play during football season. The blue crabs are excellent and I also recommend the garlic cooked half crab and the boardwalk fries.
5	Wanted to stop in but had that raven banner up just can't do it !
4	I can't give it five stars as I only order steamed crabs, but the steamed crabs are FIVE STAR ALL DAY LONG!Service is good, extensive beer menu (very important when eating steamed crabs), and the crabs are as good as Captain James and other places in downtown Baltimore.  The menu does have some really awesome specials we will try once crab season is over. Very casual atmosphere.  Would like it to open at 11 am, as others have mentioned.
5	Great place! First time tearing crabs apart, the crabs tasted wonderful and the service was awesome. Will go back again ;-)
4	Good food but the prices are always too high.  :(
5	Real Maryland Blue Crab. Nuff said
5	#1 spot for crabs in Las Vegas!I've been here 4 times in 2 weeks. And each time it's been fantastic!Crabs are cooked then tossed in a dry spice. Perfect!Service is very friendly, and they always take time to explain how to eat the crabs. They also use iphones to take orders, so it's not like they are ignoring you. I like the casual vibe of the place. Brown paper is put on the table, wooden mallets are handed around, a plastic bucket plonked next. When crabs are ready, they are piled steaming hot right onto the middle of the table. Remember to ask for a paper bib before you start!Melted butter is good with the crabs. Also a green chili + vinegar sauce. For the two weeks I was around:Mondays. All You Can It Medium Size Crabs for $35Tuesdays. $2 small crab and $2 domestic beersWednesdays. $20 lobstersThursdays. $3 medium crab and $3 beersSundays. $1 oystersDefinitely will return and have recommended to everyone I meet.
1	It must have been a bad day when I went last month, because it was terrible! We ordered a dozen jumbo, but at 2PM they had none. We settled for extra large( and they tried to charge us the jumbo price). The crab were very small, and were so wet they were a real mess to eat. Crab were not meaty at all and sour in taste!Do yourself a favor and skip this place!
4	If you want to get crabby in Las Vegas this is probably one of the best places to do it. We narrowed in on Crab Corner after trying to find some friggin crab-cakes in this town...not an easy task. So Crab Corner has a ton of variety: steamers of different crabs, shrimp, clams, mussels, raw oysters....all the things you'd hope to expect they have. Prices are pretty steep...but I guess we are in the middle of the desert so all that sea-life had a fun plane ride to get to you. We did end up getting the crab cakes and they were pretty good - very meaty without much filler. I actually think they could add a wee bit of filler and a few veggie bits to increase the flavor as they were actually kind of bland. They came with tartar sauce which I think is kind of a foul to put on crab but I eventually did anyway since I got kind of bored with it. I highly recommend the oysters. They're usually $1.75 except on Sunday's when they are $1 each. I believe they are a type from Virginia somewhere...they are the variety with the smaller but deep shell so they're more meaty. Great flavor and freshness.The service is awesome! The people there are nice, helpful and friendly!
5	Love this place. I purchased a Groupon and glad I did. I am allergic to seafood and had the pulled pork.  I told the waiter of my allergy and he didnt blow me off. My daughter had the Alaskan crab and fell in love first bite. We are from the east coast and this place hits it on the head. My daughter could not stop talking about how good her crab was.  She wants to come back tomorrow.  The staff is very friendly. They came by the table checking to see if you need anything. It was good to see they didn't seat you then forget about you. I can see why this place was packed when we walked in. I had heard if this place before coming and once I saw the Groupon I jumped on the deal. We will definitely come back again.
4	Awesome Seafood! Really needed something from the sea, so we finally checked it out. The staff was accommodating, welcoming and friendly. They have some great specials through out the week. You can't beat Oyster Sunday, $1 per, serves em up cold, fresh and with the best horseradish sauce ever. You can really get your bang of the buck with their pot specials. We didn't order (but next time) just a huge assortment of good eating. . Crab Corn Shrimp etc etc They serve beer , major A+ I also noticed they cater to the Maryland and Baltimore sports teams, come on order up and cheer on! Def check it out, plenty for everyone!
5	I'm a native Baltimore boy living in the Midwest, and trips back east are few and far between.  I actually read about the Crab Corner and a Vegas message board, and thank goodness I did.  This is a real Maryland Crab House...as good as it gets.  I've been there my last 2 trips a total of 6 times (in a total of 10 total days) and I'd have gone more if my schedule allowed.  I always start with the Maryland Crab soup....perfect blend of spice and crab- it's a home run.  Then I move to the crab cake sandwich.  Perfection.  Lump crab meat, big enough that one is enough (but if you got the platter, you wouldn't be disappointed!)...and for what you get, the prices are more than right.  I have taken my girlfriend there and she raved about the fried oyster sandwich, and I took my best friend there (a native as well) and we felt like we were home.  It's a very unassuming place, but the entire staff is friendly and helpful.  Always a steady crowd...support this place- it's worth the drive (only a few miles off the strip) and worth your time.
5	Are the best
4	Fabulous crab and a great place to play with your food!  My husband and I ordered 1 lb of King crab legs and a 1/2 lb of their spiced peal and eat shrimp.  They rolled out a large piece of butcher paper, gave us nutcrackers and utensils, and let us go at it.  The seafood tasted exceptionally fresh, was steamed when ordered, and nicely seasoned with a homemade old bay.It didn't quite make 5 stars because the ice water tasted like it came fresh from the Chesapeake (Not a plus), and the paper towels offered weren't sufficient for hand cleaning.  Bathrooms are available, but I' wished there were moist towelettes.Overall, great place for date night or the whole family.
2	I don't get it... Maybe I was in on an off day.My beau and I walked in around 12:30pm and there was no wait staff to be found. Stood around a bit until one walked out from the back of the house and we were told, rather apathetically, to sit wherever.There were two other couples in the restaurant. One was in the process of sending the blue crab back because it had a weird texture and the other had to get up and ask for food that had been sitting and waiting to be delivered to the table for like 5 minutes.We should have run... But we didn't.We ordered snow crab (didn't want to chance getting funky blue crab), head-on shrimp, and crawfish.The snow crab sucked. It was really dry. I sent it back.  The shrimp were hard to peel but that could have been due to a number of reasons. The crawfish were really good, though!The wait staff was very nonchalant and apathetic about serving. One dude ran around with a fly zapper that looked like a tennis racquet and zapped the things while we were eating... Made a zapping sound every time he got one. Bugs are gross in a restaurant... I'm not sure zapping them while we're eating is any better though.They get one star because the crawfish were delicious and one more star for having a really bomb Cajun sauce.
4	Wife and I stopped in for lunch on Saturday.  We enjoyed the atmosphere, service AND the food.  We had chicken tenders w/ fries, oysters on the half shell and snow crab legs.  Each item was delicious.  Would definitely go back.  As an added bonus, it's right around the corner from our home.  Need to hit up their happy hour specials which vary from night to night.
4	First time at this place, and it was not bad.  I had two crab cakes with fries, it came out to $27.88 for the plate but it was well worth it.  The cakes were large and there was very little filler, mainly crab which is unusual compared to any place I have been.  This was definitely worth the price.  My daughter and her bf ordered a combo platter which was $49.99 but I will tell you what, there was so much food on this platter it could have fed 4 people.  There was so much left over they took the rest to his parents house as it looked like they did not even eat, but they did, I watched them.Overall I say this place is a great place and a hidden gem for those who crave Maryland style crab.  The lobster bisque soup was amazing as well.  This place will be about the same as anywhere else you go out to eat with 4 people who are looking for good food.  This place is very good and I encourage you if you like lobster, crab and shrimp to check this place out.
5	I was surprised this place was so good. The soft shell crab sandy was awesome. The crab cakes were meaty and fresh and the catfish and oysters were so good. Definitely coming back
3	I would give this place 5 stars just for the oysters alone, everything else makes it deserving of the 3 stars I'm giving it.  Fried food is great and all, but when batter overwhelms the core it makes for an awful dining experience. We ordered oysters to start with.  Not usually a fan of oysters but these were surprisingly delicious. I was told these are fresh water oysters which gives it a different taste. A delicious one absent of that seafood taste a lot of people dislike, including myself. Even better: only $1 each on Sundays :DThey also have a pick two combo. I ordered chicken tenders and Alaskan cod with sweet potater tots and cold slaw. Both the cod and chicken tenders had little meat inside and I ended up picking off lost of the batter. Slaw was average and the only thing I found to be appetizing were the tots. I definitely give the employee props. It was Sunday and he was working alone but was still able to tend to everyone. Side note: I ordered ice water and it tasted like sea water, I believe this is because the cups are washed with other dishes and the seafood taste gets intermingled... Blech
2	Don't waste your time or money. Find a buffet it will be cheaper and probably better quality. The only redeeming factor for this place is the staff. Very friendly, quick, and helpful. Spent almost $70 for 2 people on tiny plates of fish and shrimp. Maybe 8 shrimp and 2 small pieces of fish. The sides were bland (potato salad). And we didn't even order drinks.
5	Had a crabcake sandwich, a softshell crab sandwich, a bucket of crab legs, and fries. SO GOOD!!A must try.
4	Great hush puppies, deep fried soft shell crab, and homemade salads (coleslaw, potato) are awesome. Love it.
4	nice to have a taste of home in las vegas.. we only had the crab cakes... but the were good...not great.......probably coulda used some more dry mustard and old bay....really looking forward to coming back for some crabs............ HOW BOUT DEM O'S HON...
5	I wouldn't have expected to find good Maryland seafood in the heart of Las Vegas, but this place is definitely worth stopping by for lunch or dinner.Prices are reasonable and the food is served quickly. Highly recommended. I've been back several times, and have not been disappointed.
3	I had this craving for crab cakes for weeks now, with practically a desperate need to fulfill it tonight. So my beau and I entered "crab cakes" in Yelp's search engine looking for a place not too far from our house.We came across crab corner. From the pictures, it definitely caught our eye and we were willing to try it out.Upon arrival, the place looked to be straight off of the Maryland Boardwalk. The smell of old Bay let me know I was in the right spot for my craving.We ordered the bacon-wrapped scallops. With the apricot chutney and a squeeze of lemon, it was the best part of our meal. For our main entrees, I had the crab cake platter with hush puppies and beer-battered onion rings. The beau ordered the 2-item combo with beer-battered shrimp and Alaskan cod with a house salad and French fries. It is Tuesday so we took advantage of the Day Special $2 Blue Crabs."Growing up on the Mason-Dixon Line, I know what Maryland blue crabs are all about, and this place does a decent job of trying to replicate the flavors  from the Chesapeake," says my boyfriend.Our bill ended up being around $60 before tip.The food, although nearly authentic-tasting, was not enough to write home about. The fried food, with a heavy batter that overpowered every item we ordered, turned out to be too much for our stomachs to handle later on.We would have LOVED to LOVE this place because Ivan and the manager were very accommodating and kind, but the service was better than the food itself.
4	Great fresh oysters, we arrived late, so Maryland crab were in a bit of sort supply.  Wait staff was busy kind of ignored us for 10-15 minutes, I had to go to the front counter to see if anyone would take our order.  They apologized and brought appetizers.  Great spicy seasoned crabs, tasty, fresh and flavorful...yummy.  Great side dishes, we had the sweet potato fries and hushpuppies...anything fried is good!  Great place to grab a beer and have some fresh crab....
3	First time here... Ordered oysters, 15 @ $1.00 a piece, crab cakes, and blue crabs... I'll let you know later....
3	bought a restaurant.com coupon for this place .ordered the peel & eat shrimp 1 lb   18.99  $  and 1 crab cake with corn and hushpuppies  16.99  $.the crab cake was pretty good , but kind of small for what you pay .the shrimp tasted weird . seasoning was not good .
4	Maryland seafood in the heart of Las Vegas? Yes it's true and the food is fresh and delicious.Crab corner is a popular seafood style Restuarant that's more like a sports bar. But Serving seafood simply isn't enough for them, so on Tuesdays & Thursday's they have the seafood special where whole crabs are just $2 each on Tuesdays and $3 on Thursdays. They also serve chilled beers for $2 as well. What a steal for the price!! That's not all, they have delicious complementary side dishes like chunky potato salad, sweet potato tater totes. But the two popular dishes that I couldn't get enough of was the lightly fried and well seasoned calamari and the crab dip. Imagine being temporarily transported from the hot Vegas sun to the cool waterfront of Maryland with the smell of old bay seasoning lingering in the air. Sounds delightful and although it's not decorated to my liking as a sports fan (this place is covered in Ravens memorabilia). The staff and fun make up for it.So get there early because this place fills up fast and can become a long wait. Ask them to go light on the old bay because it can be to much at times. But once you get settled this place is fun and entertaining with huge TV screens located on the wall. But more importantly full from endless seafood.
1	so i boycotted this location the last time i went because the new people who worked there were jerks.  i ordered a bunch of crabs after my first order, and they forgot to put the order in.  i sat there waiting literally in excess of an hour, then realized that they didn't put the order in because everyone else was getting their orders, and asked for the second batch to go since i had to be at a poker tournament.  i finished my first order, btw.  they wouldn't do it - "can't take them to go".  wait, i just sat there wasting an hour of my time, and now *i'm* being unreasonable?  no apology either for forgetting my order.  to top it off, after telling these new twits that i'm a regular, one had the nerve to say "i've never seen you here before".  right, because you just started working here a week ago.so i started going to the new west side location, but went back to this one tonight because i was on the east side of town.  bad idea - should have trusted my instincts. the waiter recognized me as a regular this time, so things seemed promising.  i asked for soy sauce when i sat down, as i *always* do, and not until he brought my order out did he tell me that they didn't have any.  fine, i will eat some of the crabs (because i was starving) and take the rest home and eat them the way i enjoy eating them - with soy sauce.  nope!  can't take leftovers home.  i said i always take my leftovers home, and he points to a sign that says that you can't.  i said i've been coming here for 3 years and always take the leftovers home - he goes "then you should know the policy".  um, no, i didn't know your *new* policy.  then he has the nerve to say to me snarkily "so the reason you didn't eat them was because you didn't have soy sauce...right."  sorry, i don't need to explain to you why i didn't eat them, but yes, that's why.  then i tried to use my groupon which i have been able to do even on their specials in the past, but i guess this exclusion is a "new policy" as well.  then, the guy goes, "next time, i'm only letting you order six at a time."  cool, nice way to treat your regulars.  sorry, there won't be a next time.  the worst part was the way he talked to me - i understand that there is now a new posted policy, fine, but he treated me like i was a criminal trying to steal from his business and talked to me like a parent scolding their child (the guy is the asian guy with the shaved head).  it's a shame, because i really liked this place - coming from philly, it was cool to have a place to get seafood that reminded me of home.  and the owners were great guys - they were always there in the past and greeted me warmly when i came.  the old asian waiter was also great - he would bring me soy sauce, my dozen crabs, and my drink without me saying a word to him but "thank you".  haven't seen the owners there since the new place opened, nor the old waitstaff who actually understood customer service.
2	Mediocre food with terrible wait times. Nothing on the waiter though he was great. Only he can do so much with cashiering, bussing, taking and delivering orders. The place was pack full with said waiter, took almost 10 minutes to order and another 5 for drinks. Didn't order any appetizers straight for entree. Soft shell crab taste like most AYCE all you can eat and the fries are nothing special. I would go back if I had another groupon otherwise...eh.
5	I went here last night for the first time. Just a casual little place but so delicious! Probably the best seafood I've had in Vegas. The manager, Mike, was super personable and helpful. I will definitely be going back!
4	just recently visited las vegas and was tired of the typical casino food places, needed to get some "real air" found this place yelping and we were both thrilled at the crab selection they have.  The food was delish.  We ordered crab soup, crab cakes and soft shelled crab platter.....everything was excellent.....I will definately be back on my next Vegas trip.....I would highly recommend this place
5	This was an extremely good meal for the price. It actually does taste like Maryland seafood. The lobster bisque was the soup of the day which was delicious! Everything is served on platic ware, except for the crab which is dumped in the middle of the table. Of course the table is covered with brown paper. I wish they had one of these back home in Ga.
5	So delicious.  If you are in Vegas and like seafood, gig need to come here.  Nothing else nedd to be said
5	we came to vegas on a business trip and spent all day at the airport.   With no energy in us we decided not to head into vegas strip and stay close by our resort since we had a early morning training.  we place an order of crab, mussle and shrimps.  While waiting  for our order we next door to the super market and grab some drinks and snacks.  15-20 minutes later we went back and paid for our food to go.  Food was so good that on our last day in vegas we went back for our last meal there.
1	We went to the Eastern/Flamingo location Wednesday evening...12/3/14, first of all the server placed the menu on the table with out saying a word and left for at least 10 miniutes. The place only had 2 other tables that had customers at them. Right then I expected the worst and that came to be....we ordered 1 dozen large females and 1/2 dozen jumbo females...the jumbos where exactly the same size as the large females when I say large and jumbo I am talking about crab corners sizing which are really small and medium if ordering in Baltimore or other areas of MD....I am ok with that, I know what to expect with crab corners' sizing. But for the Jumbo price I do expect at least extra large crabs. The crabs did taste great and were full as in the past visits. We have been getting crabs here since they first opened...The past few times the service has been just shy of horrific ...that night the waiter did not come back after dropping off the crabs to see how things were or to  refill our sodas...my granddaughter refilled ours as needed.One other thing I need to mention, we ordered one bowl of soup and boardwalk fries for starters .....the soup never came and the fries arrived the same time as the crabs.I have met the owners when they first opened and they were very attenitive to their business and taking care of the customers. I am only writing this that they may wake up and smell the coffee before their hired help runs them out of business.It will be a long time before I or my family give the crab corner another try if ever.
4	We went to go try this place since the pictures looked good. I was surprised that the place looked like a cafe/ college bar. We ordered the get dozen crabs get one free offer from yelp. The crabs were so good and sweet the meat was so white and it was delicious! !!! We also bought the 20 dollar lobster special and that was yummy as well. The service was on point even though it was one guy working there he was helpful and brought us refills. This place is well worth the price. Found a new place to eat blue crabs.
4	Everytime we go here, we would always get their crab chowder, it is so decadent and the lumpy crab meat makes it so so good. So far we have always had blue crab, the oysters are fairly fresh and their Wednesday  lobster special is a great price for fresh lobster.
4	Great Maryland pride and decor in this corner of a strip mall. We ordered the snow crab legs which were so very fresh tasting even after warming up the lest overs the next day! They were juicy and meaty. Loved them. We also tried their cod and fried oysters platter. These were crunchy and tasty as well. The side order of onion rings were amazing! We tried the crab cakes as well which were good but a little on the dry side. They tarter sauce made up for it though! I'd like to go back for more snow crabs maybe as a to go order. The building was a little drafty!!!
4	Good stuff. As someone else mentioned, pretty amazing to get this stuff on the West Coast.Garlic crabs were excellent, steamed mussels excellent, and crap soup was also excellent. Maybe a bit expensive if you don't go when they are running specials, but definitely a very tasty meal. They say the seafood is all alive when you order, so it might take a while when they are busy.
4	Delicious. Super friendly. AJ walked us through first time, made great recommendations. Ordered crab cake appetizers - smaller than expected but top notch, fresh, delicious. Cod and shrimp terrific - sweet potato fries with too thick for me but hubby loved them. And the soft shell crab sandwich to die for! Used a groupon. Great deal :)
3	Was feeling like seafood tonight so me and my girlfriend decided to try this seafood joint.  It close to where we live which is a plus.  It's literally on the corner.  Upon entering the restaurant it has a divey feel to it.  It's pretty small as well.  We let the guy know it was our first time there and the next thing they tell us is that they are out of Blue Crab.  I checked in to yelp after that and there was a special check in for Blue Crab. So I had crab cakes and calamari for appetizers.  They had oysters as the daily special for 1 dollar each.  I finished the meal off with king crab legs that were delicious.  The tab was around 80 bucks.  Normally when we spend that kind of money we are at a fancy restaurant.  Service was ok for a small restaurant.  Would I try it again....maybe....but when I or my lady spend that kind of money it's normally at a all you can eat seafood buffet.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday.  Nice, casual place.  Lobster bisque and Cream of Crab soup were absolutely delish!  Also had the two-item entree:  clam and shrimp.  They were alright.  Service was quick and friendly.
4	It was great! Staff very friendly and knowledgeable
5	.
4	I stumbled upon this place while running errands, noticed the best of las vegas seal and decided to give it a try. The staff is very friendly. I ordered the Maryland crab soup (which I'd never had before) it's hard to find on the west coast. The lobster bisque was delicious as well. There is a special on Tuesdays $2 blue crabs $4 large blue crabs, $2 budweiser on game day. The atmosphere is laid back, similar to hot n juicy.
