3	This was the first Carl's Jr I ever ate at.  The Realtor showing me rental houses back in '93 took me here for lunch.  The lunch was fine.  The only property he showed me that would accept pets I filled out the paperwork for only to find out cats are not pets according to that owner.  I also forgot my hat as we left.  Even though I drive by it several times a week I seldom stop as it doesn't fit my schedule.This morning I had their breakfast burger, which I have had before, and with beef, bacon, egg, hashbrowns and stuff it really is a breakfast on a bun.  Even at 6AM on a Saturday they were doing a steady stream of business at the drive through but only one other customer at the walk up counter.  I am sure this location has been remodeled since my first visit over 16 years ago.  It is in very god condition.
4	I been eating here off and on over the last 15 years but I wouldn't call myself a regular.They have great burgers, fries and shakes.  They are a great value.They also have a humongous breakfast sandwich.I feel guilty eating her sometimes hahaha.  I probably eat Carl's Jr 1-3 times a year.Carl's Jr is A-OK!P.S. Try their Bacon Gucamole Western Angus Burger the burger itself is $6 but the meal is oly $8.75 after taxes.
4	Well I was coming home from the Cubs vs Whitesox game at Camelback ranch and I hadn't realized how the heat had took out of me. I was lightheaded....drowsy....and I had a mild headache. So I realized I had not eaten anything really all day.....so I decided to stop at Carl's Jr because I know they have an awesome Jalapeno Turkey Burger. I had the combo with fries and a drink and it really hit the spot. This particular location is pretty clean....the service is good....and I got my food very quickly after I ordered. I don't get to Carl's Jr much because there is not one really close to me....but in the future when I come from a spring training game for the SOX.....Carl's Jr will be definitely be a must stop if I am hungry. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
2	Got coupons in mail that brought this Carl's to mind this morning and so made slight detour to stop by on my way to work, but the results were a bit grim.   I decided to go in and found the really large dining area to have one person in it, doing crossword puzzles.  There was no one at the counter, no customers, no staff.  Within about 30 seconds a young man with a headset came out of the kitchen to collect payment and hand food out the drive-up window, and who came over to work the counter and take my order as well.  There appeared to be, or at least I only caught sight of one person in the kitchen.  The drive-thru line was growing, food was slow coming out.  The young man stepped back to the kitchen apparently to assist as he returned bearing food to hand out the window.  Two more people entered.  At this 7:30 AM or so, they were out of some kind of spicy something one of the guys wanted to order.  I told the young man I was going to the restroom while awaiting my order.  The large, empty-but-for the guy doing crosswords was at least clean, as was the men's room, though the dark tile floors I think gave it a somewhat dated look, and stainless sink and no mirror, made it seem a little jail-like.  The stalls and fixtures were adequately clean and there was no trash on the floor, but there was no soap in the dispenser.  Paper towels were omitted in favor of a hand dryer.   My order was ready when I got back to the counter.  My Monster b'fast biscuit was BIG but kind of nauseatingly greasy. I couldn't eat the second one that came with the coupon deal, but my compliments on the orange cream shake.  It was kind of thin, compared to most fast food shakes, but slurped easily through a straw, and was quite good.  I might go back to give their burgers and sweet potato fries a try again for the first time in a couple of years, but not exactly feeling the urgency - even with coupons. My compliments to staff for their performance under the (badly understaffed) circumstances.
5	Idk but there cook on 2-19-14 around 6pm made one the best burgers I've had from there I will be back !!
1	9:05 am and no one at the counter. We yelled back to the kitchen...HELLO and some lady yelled hello back, but no one ever came out front to take our order.....we went to Dennys across the parking lot......
1	This place is becoming one of the most don't stop off to Carl's Jr. This morning I ordered Cheeseburgers and when I got home two of then had no meat on them. Did not enjoy the cheese sandwich. Times before the so called fresh biscuits we like rocks, and the mile high burger had like broken pieces of bacon on top that looked like bacon bit's. These are the same people the take a day off to strike for $15.00 per hour, Your getting what you deserve. Take pride in your job, you choose it, guess I am now 100% Jack In the Box Man now. Shame on you all.
