5	I really like the service of Paws. It's small and has a nice independent feel to it.  I've taken my cat in twice.  Once for a check up and another so he could get neutered.  They answered all my questions and even gave me some help with his post-surgery behavior.  Everyone there is friendly and helpful.  If I wasn't moving I would definitely take my cat back there for his annual again.
3	I took my miniature Dachshund, Spottie, who is ten years old, for a check-up. I had the United Pet Care policy for him and as a result it was not as expensive. He got his distemper vaccine, and a overall check-up. I love the diagnostics this clinic gives. They give you a printout and very detailed explanation of each "issue" your little critter has. They give you options and are less expensive than other veterinarians in the Mesa area. I found it funny that my little dog is somewhat snappy and he hated the doctor but loved the vet techs.
5	Paws is great! We've been going to them ever since they had their office on Mesa Dr. We have two small dogs and one has been there for surgery, and the other for treatment for valley fever. They both have had their teeth cleaned at Paws. Dr. Wendy is amazing and very friendly.
5	I've been going to Paws for over 10 years. Everyone is wonderful! Dr. Wendy Holst is amazing. I'm the type to be skeptical of if I really need all the tests etc but I trust them 100% which really says a lot. They are very reasonable on their fees which is a major plus! I have never found a better vet. Great care, prices and very trustworthy makes this place the very best in my book. It is also very clean.
5	Ive been coming to this place for years. They have taken care if all my rescued pups.  DR. Wendy Holst and staff are super friendly. Out of the many visits, there was only one time that I felt I had to wait. Overall never had a bad experience. My rotties have always loved this place, pitties not so much. I love this place. And will keep on returning when my pups need too.
1	Did not like my experience with the vet at this clinic when I took my dog a year ago after I got him from the shelter! She assumed just because my dog was snappy and nervous that he had behavioral issues and was dangerous. Turns out she was sorely mistaken!After taking him to another Vet, who recommended blood tests, he was diagnosed with Valley Fever and the vet said that is why he was so nervous and seemed to have behavioral issues. Wish Dr. Holst would've taken the time to see the whole picture instead of just passing judgement right away! It's also unfortunate that the low reviews don't pop up automatically for this place, people need to see all reviews to make a good decision about their pet's next Veterinarian.
1	I have three dogs and have been coming to this veterinarian since I moved to the area a few years ago. A couple if weeks ago I took in two of my dogs to be treated. I was told that I was being given 3 ml of a medication that I would give to one if my dogs twice a day in .12 ml doses. I was told this should last me about a month. I used the syringe that was given to me by the dr. and gave my dog exactly .12 ml twice a day as directed but the medication only lasted a week. I returned a check up call from the office today and let them know that I was not given as much medication as I was advised I was getting and that it only lasted a week. The person I spoke to left a message for someone to call me back. I did get a call back from Kate with a voice mail while I was at work. In the message Kate stated that the dr wanted to see my dog again and that I should have been giving my dog .12 ml, the meds should have lasted much more than a week, and that I over medicated my dog. I called the office and asked to speak to Kate. I told her that I medicated my dog exactly as instructed and that I have her .12 ml twice a day. She insisted that I was given 3ml of medication and that had I correctly medicated my dog it would have lasted longer. She refused to admit or entertain the idea that someone on their end may have made a mistake when measuring the medication that was give to me. After a lengthy argument in which she did nothing but insist that the error was in my dosing and not in their dispensing and a very insincere apology I hung up. So I have now paid 300.00 for a vet visit, which included medication that was not dispensed to me, and my dog still has the same issue she was seen for AND I am looking for a new office to take my dogs to so I can pay someone else to see my dog for the same issue that should have been resolved with our 300.00 visit to Paws. I will be visiting the office tomorrow to speak to the dr. And request a partial refund for the medication since I paid for more than I was given as well as to pick up my pet's records.
