5	Seriously!?!?  How in the HEII am I the first person to write a review for Sandra Dee's Catering!?!?  Crazy!  But woohoo ~ First Review!!  :)I had made an executive/birthday decision last night for dinner.  It was either drive down to Fudds in Tempe and use a birthday coupon or do something else.  I decided to check out the Phoenix Street Coalition's facebook page and see if there were any food trucks gathering.  Lo and behold - Sandra Dee's was going to be right around the corner from us in Old Town!  I inform J...let's skip getting stuck in traffic and check this place out.  I'm certainly glad we did!!Sandra D is very friendly and when I asked if I should get the Shrimp or Catfish Po boy, she suggested the shrimp and trying a basket instead.  So I could try the shrimp on their own.  I decided to go with her suggestion.  OMFG - The shrimp was AWESOME!!!  Lightly coated.  Not undercooked.  But not rubbery.  Awesome seasoning.  The sauce provided to dip, tasty too, but not needed.  The shrimp stood on their own.  :)  Seriously, these shrimp were so good that J enjoyed a few pieces too, and he's not a big fan of crustaceans!  As we were getting ready to leave, Sandra comes out of the trailer and I inform her that my dinner was amazing!  J, SD, and I get to talking and she mentions her gumbo.  We end up getting a sample of it to try.  That too was flipping amazing!  J's take on the Gumbo - "I'd describe the gumbo as sensational.  Well seasoned with a broth that puts others to shame.  The andouille was spectacular.  Firm and savory.  The shrimp perfectly cooked and every bite balanced"We look forward to visiting Sandra Dee's Catering truck again!  :)
5	This food truck/trailer is a must visit. Creole Cooking that is Oh So Good! The gumbo was phenomenal as is the shrimp, and I am not a shrimp fan in the least. To say I'd order a Shrimp Basket for myself should speak volumes about the skill with which Sandra crafts her offerings.From Shreveport, Louisiana, Sandra bring a wealth of Creole knowledge and you'll be glad you sought out her truck with every tasty, savory bite! Sandra, herself, is such a nice, personal, ebullient lady, serving up heaping helpings of friendly chitchat along with her catfish, shrimp and porkchop po' boys done the right way.Be sure to follow her on Twitter (@SandraDeesFoods) to find out where she's parking the trailer and get yourself some Good Eats!
3	A welcome new addition to the ASU Food Truck Block Party.Id heard about Sandra Dees southern fare for a while now. My hubby ordered their southern fried chicken (comes w/ fries) and I had the creole hot wings. They were out of water they day we went, so we drank the koolaid (ha ha).My wings were....average. I didnt taste any creole seasoning, just hot buffalo sauce. My hubby, however, loved his fried chicken. The one taste he allowed me to have was very good. The chicken was moist and the breading had just that right crunchyness. Great seasoning too.While I was disappointed in my meal, it wont stop me from going back to try something different.See you next week Sandra Dees!
5	Great food and Southern charm - can't get any better than that.Catfish done perfectly.  Cannot say good enough things about the fried fare; shrimp, catfish, chicken baskets all delicious and a must try especially for first timers.  Creole sauce and hot sauce are amazing accompaniments.  Some of the best gumbo I've had in Phoenix and also a must try if it's on the menu.  Poboys are awesome - go for the catfish or shrimp.If Sandra has crawfish available, give it a try.  Absolutely delicious and fun to eat!
4	UM Yum!!!! Sandra Dee's was parked outside of my office today. The advertisment sent by our complex via email was very unassuming. It simply stated Sandra Dee's Catering with a picture of a truck and a short list of menu items. Benigets, coffee, biscuits and gravey Chicken and waffles. I thought hmmm not everyone can do biscuits and gravy justice maybe I'll check it out. Then I looked them up on Yelp and found that Sandra Dee is from Louisianna! Jack pot! It's against the law to be from Louisianna and not know how to cook B N G! Well at least it should be. So now fueled with this new information I am on a mission to hit up this food truck!Wow the flavor! A few bites of biscuit were dry however the generous serving of very flavorful gravy moistened it right up! I will definately keep my eye out for more goodies from Miss Sandra Dee! I think the Dee is for Deelish!Might have to go back for a Beniget!
5	For me, Sandra Dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business / food truck. She is not trying to be anyone she is not, her food is genuine, and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch.Had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. It came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce I would drink on its own.  Keep up the good work!!
5	Fantastic shrimp po-boy!  The ingredients were really fresh, the bread was soft and tasty, the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious.  It will be hard getting anything else.  I'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well!
