4	While some clothes are still sold at the original Salvation Army on Market Street, much of the clothing sales have transferred to this new location on John Street.  The store itself might be easy to overlook as it is tucked away in a shopping plaza just off Neil Street, using a space previously occupied by an outdoor supply shop (Wild Country, I think?).  Overall, this one is a bit smaller than other thrift stores I've visited though the interior is clean and organized.  The store doesn't carry much furniture, but they do have some household goods (e.g., toys, kitchen tools, ceramic decorations, etc.).I've had pretty good luck with the women's clothing at this store, particularly coats and blouses.  The men's section seems a lot smaller (like many thrift stores), with very few clothes that might appeal to college-age students.  All clothes are priced as expected for used items (less than $5 for most things), and the store posts notices for any current sales.  For people who are reluctant to purchase clothes before trying them on, this new Salvation Army also thankfully has dressing rooms.
1	This rating is not for the store since I have never gone inside.  I am a heavy donator to the Salvation Army.  I take donations at least twice a month.  The person at this location who comes out to the car to take the donations is not friendly at ALL.  I have been really nice and thanked him several times but I have not once heard him utter a peep back or look at me.  He scowls and acts like he hates being there.  It is so bad that I won't take my donations there anymore.  Instead I will drive all the way across town to take them to the one on Market Street or I try to find one of those little boxes on the corner (come to think of it, those little boxes are a heck of lot friendlier than that "person" at the Salvation Army's donation door!!!!)
4	I mean it's a thrift store so you shouldn't have too high of expectations but I find neat things here every now and then. Then again some days I find nothing but hey what can you expect? Today I got a bag full of cool stuff for 17 bucks so I'm happy. :)
4	Always find something here....yup I have good luck here
1	I cant find anything and everything looks dirty and unorganized piled up together. I will rather go to goodwill
