4	I like this walgreens a lot, I don't come here as often as I think I should because I dont think they'll have what I'm looking for but when I do go, they have everything I bought somewhere else! It's very clean, and the staff is always letting me know of any deals or specials happening :)
5	THE PEOPLE THAT WORK HERE ARE ACTUALLY NICE!I come here mainly to drop off and pick up my prescriptions. Sometimes I wait for them to be filled because it only takes 15 minutes or so depending on how busy they are. This is the time frame when you discover all the gadgets and shiny things that  Walgreens has to offer. Some things remind you that you need it. Others you dont, but you try to convince yourself that you do like the pink foot warmer/slippers that clean the floor and massage your feet while you walk. Im sure im not the only one that has that problem!Anyways, I love it when the stuff you do need is on sale. The guys that work there are always ready to help you with whatever you need. All the pharmacists that I have dealt with always seem to have a good attitude. Maybe cuz they have access to happy pills? J/K. So in closing, whatever I come here for, whether its for medicine, redbox, or other little misc things, I have yet to have a bad experience here. That's all anybody ever asks for. 5 stars and two thumbs up!
3	This would be 5 stars as everyone I have dealt with is nice except Rosemary, she is maybe one of the worst managers I have ever dealt with in any company. No common sense or customer service skills. I will no longer be going to this location because of her.
2	I ordered a refill using their automated phone in option. The pharmacy at this location is severely lacking. I went in on Wednesday to pick up an Rx, they said they were having issues billing my secondary insurance, so after about 20 minutes I told them I would call my insurance and come back the next day. I called my insurance the next morning and was told there was nothing wrong on either of their ends- all authorizations had cleared on the expensive medication. Thursday, I went in to pick up the medicine, and they still had issues billing my insurance. 20 minutes later, they find out that they weren't able to bill my insurance correctly because they were trying to bill them for an incomplete prescription (they only had 7 pills rather than the 30 to fill the script). I was never told they didn't have enough medication to fill the script. They gave me the 7 pills they had previously filled for me along with an IOU for the rest of the medication and I paid my copay.. I can't imagine that it's company policy to handwrite an IOU on a receipt for $500 worth on medication.On a brighter note the staff was polite, although one of them seemed really annoyed at my persistence but I suppose I'd get a little frustrated too.
5	I have to give a shout out to this Walgreens, because the store manager was helpful in directing me to what I was looking for, and, after I realized that I had left the products I bought and already paid for in a bag on top of a display of paper towels near the front entrance, they were all waiting for me when I returned about 30 minutes later, in the protective hands of a friendly cashier who had not been the store employee who checked me out.  On my first trip here, I had stopped to add a Walgreen's club tag to my key ring, and had forgotten to retrieve the filled bag I had temporarily lodged on top of a roll of paper towels while I worked the tag onto the ring.  Armed only with a purchased greeting card, I had returned to my car and sped away, until I at last noticed that the other purchased goods were absent.Because leaving the bag and most of its contents was caused only by my own negligent lapse of attention after a night of little rest, I had already decided to say nothing and just mentally write off the possible loss of property if someone had helped himself to these abandoned items.  So, discovering that store employees were both alert and honest was a welcome realization.
1	Im giving a one star only to the pharmacy. This is the WORST. My husband recently had surgery and I dropped off his pain medication being told it would be ready in 3 hours...first strike. As I went to pick it up they informed me they only had 1/4 of his pain meds available!?! Why didnt they call me and let me know so I could make other plans elsewhere? I asked when the rest would be ready they said 3 days! second strike. They assured me it would be enough to get him through. It was not. I called and asked to talk to the manager, telling him it was insane and that my hubby just had surgery and needed it now. He simply replied " well I dont have it so theres nothing I can do". GRRRRR. Third strike. Go to pick it up when I was told the remainder would not be in full they only gave me another 1/4 of it. Fourth strike. I was so upset I asked if they could just send the script to another walgreens so I could pick it all up at the same time , my husband was in pain and i was pissed. They said they could not do that. Fith and final strike. I ended up calling his doc to send a new script to Smiths down the street. Smiths was wonderful. They had it done within 30 mins and the full dose! The Walgreens staff is rude and the waits are long. Will never ever be returning again.
1	DON'T USE REDBOX!   Every time we have tried to rent movies, they have not worked. It is so disappointing to get home and realize you're DVD doesn't work.  We have complained to Redbox, but they give you the run around like your a technical idiot.  Sure, they may give you a credit but that's not the point.
