2	Super fast delivery.Only Chinese place that offer wings & fries combo.Best french fries I've ever had except at fast food places.Update: I don't know why I said the stuff above. Their food... sucks!
2	I would rank this place closer to 1.5 stars.  I like their super large (and cheap) helping of crab ragoon, but not much else.Everything else here has been pretty gross.  I had their duck once, and it was super old duck.  I'm sure it was cooked for at least 3 days and then stuck in the oven to heat up, so it was super dry, tough, and disgusting.  That pretty much sums everything up.Every time I come here, I am disappointed.  Why I continue to visit is beyond me.
1	This place looks like your standard hole-in-the-wall Americanized Chinese food restaurant. The difference being that the food here is inedible. Vegetable dumplings taste like they are full of grass, homestyle tofu looked very old. I get that they are trying to fill the niche of guilty pleasure, fast-n-dirty Chinese food (a-la Szechuan Express in Oakland), but there is no pleasure to be found here.
1	Worst Chinese food I've ever eaten.  Couldn't even finish half of it.
4	After reading the previous reviews I'm a bit confused.  Maybe it's because I got delivery and didn't step foot in the door.I actually enjoyed the food.  The "smaller portion" as their menu put it is the same size as other restaurants regular portions.  I got my old reliable General Tso's, nice portion of meat to rice and an egg came with the combo.I even waited a day to write this to make sure that I wasn't going to feel all that bad.  I'll definitely go back here, especially for the price.
1	Went there several times. But I have to say I really don't hate the food here... The food is really fast food and everything taste weird...
1	As a DC native my standards for take-out are pretty up there and New China Inn didn't even satisfy my craving. I ordered online through Foodler (great site, btw!). All I really wanted was veggie lo mien but in order to fulfill the delivery minimum I also ordered the pork dumplings and I'm so glad that I did! The veggie lo mien literally tasted like a farm... urine, hay, and all (sorry for such a disgusting description but that was all I could think of as I was trying to get the taste out of my mouth). But the pork dumpling were pretty good. They come in an order of 8 and I was full after the 4th one.
