3	Did the trick as far as airport food goes... I grabbed a small pizza and a drink, gobbled it all down, then caught my flight. No complaints. BOTTOM LINE: One of the few choices out here in E-terminal. Good for a quick slice of pizza.
4	For an airport restaurant and getting there at the end of breakfast and start of lunch - I was satisfied. After a quick discussion with my waitress - I decided to order quickly and have breakfast - scrambled eggs, sausage patties, potato wedges and toast - had a diet Coke (a bit of lunch I guess) and everything was served nice and hot with flavor (eggs were a bit bland, but that's eggs for you). The service was quick, the waitress certainly friendly enough and the place was decent in the cleanliness area. I know not everyone cares about this, but it truly can be an indication of how the business is run!I'm not sure about the new thing - bottles of Fiji water you can take for $4.00 dollars sitting on every table - almost looks like they are free - sorta kinda! I had to ask my waitress how much they were.Overall - for this stop - it gets 4 stars, because everything I had was good, price was very reasonable and the service was very good.
2	Good food here! The typical southern cuisine was in full effect! Had the smoked chicken and baked beans with Mac n cheese ;-) overall good experience here. My only gripe is there's not that much seating here, and the staff sat by and allowed airport employees to take up paying customers seats. They sat and watched the football game. Not acceptable!
1	Terrible. We had an hour to eat, it was 7am, there were only 3 other tables. The lines elsewhere were 80 deep. Drinks took 15 minutes, but according to the waitress it was the bartenders job to pour your diet coke and she was busy with bartender-y things. I ordered the ham and cheese omelette plate, my daughter, the pancake stack and my husband the burrito. We ordered at 7:02, says our ticket. At 7:39 we were literally standing to leave, our flight to San Diego was 7:55am.... The food finally comes.The pancake stack is one pancake and an apology and the promise if a to go box for the rest. We were really hungry. The omelette was compelled flat and rubbery and not even cooked thru. The home fries were icy cold. They were oblivious to the fact that people had flights..... And every one of the other tables had problems as well. Really terrible even for a quick airport joint. And it the place is NASCAR themed. Fast? Speed?
3	Typical airport restaurant: interesting from the outside, stale and overpriced inside. Not sure which was more bored, the waitress or the salad.
