4	Basically, it's a more expensive Sbarro's.This convenient little restaurant was our second to last resort lunch spot since CPK and Johnny Rockets nearby both has an hour wait time and we were starving.  They have everything from pizza (thin, stuffed, etc.), garlic bread, pasta (already made or made-to-order), to salad.  We ordered a slice of Cheese, Pineapple & Ham, Sausage & Pepperoni, two Caesar Salads, and a slice of Garlic Bread.  Everything was pretty good except the Cheese pizza was a little bit burnt since it was so thin.  If my family is ever hungry here at the Fashion Show mall again, we'll be coming to Luciano's instead of CPK!
3	Finally mall fast food Im not embarrassed to take my momma to!  Luciano's dishes solid pizza, paninis, salads and pasta at Fashion Show Mall away from the depressing horseshoe known as the food court there.  I like the fact that you feel like your actually in a restaurant despite the fact the food is already prepped and just heated up.  The pizza is thick and pretty good with a variety of topping schemes.  They also have a couple New York style (thin) slices to choose from if your not so dough inclined.  The pizza is the bread and butter of the place but the panini's shouldn't be overlooked.  I had the caprese panini and my friend had the Chicken Parm panini and both were good size, had nice crispy warm bread and pretty flavorful.  The salads are fairly standard but at least the lettuce is fresh and it gives a good alternative for the health conscious.  One thing that looked good and I might try next time is a fresh, custom made to order pasta bar.  For a set price around 10 bucks (its a mall so thats reasonable all things considered) you can have a short order cook put different ingredients and sauce to create your own pasta dish.  A great concept for someone who doesn't want food court fare but isn't interested in waiting or paying for the full service restaurants the mall offers.  Word on the street is also is that before lunch time, the pasta bar doubles as an omelet bar for breakfast.I would love to give Luciano's more than 3 stars as it really does shine above its competitors within its environment, but for the sake of consistency within my reviews the food is really only 3 stars.  At the end of the day, a great mall fast food Italian joint that doesn't rhyme with Fbarro's.  PS-On Friday, Saturday and Sundays grab an outside seat (outside meaning out in the main mall concourse rather than under their roof.  You're still indoors) to see the frequent fashion shows the mall puts on.  You'll be the poor man's Paris Hilton, except with some Pizza instead of a dog in a purse.
3	darn good fatty slice of pizza, except it can be pricey. i work in the mall so i get a mall discount, but even then a small salad is $5.50 and a slice of pizza is $4.00. where's the $5.00 lunch special?!?!
5	This is my favorite place to eat at the Fashion Show. The pizza is always so good and it's authentic. I recommend their chicken and pesto pizza or even a slice of cheese or pepperoni is amazing. I've never had something from this place that is bad.The owner is a nice man who always gets you to smile. (I've worked at this mall for 2 years!) They're always friendly and will help you find something to your liking if you can't choose.I always find myself craving their pizza. :]
3	Let's just get this out of the way, Luciano's is good, but not great. Pizzawise, I'm not a fan. The pizzas are served Sbarro style and always have to be reheated in the oven. If you're looking for good pizza in the Fashion Show, I prefer the Nordstrom's Cafe's, which is a 2 min walk from Luciano's and made to order in a brick oven.Otherwise, the rest of Luciano's offerings are worthwhile for the most part. Their star is the made to order pastas. Bang for your buck all the way. Good flavors, good ingrediants. Last time, I had the seafood linguine that includes baby clams, shrimp, and calamari. The sauce was not overbearing in taste and was light but apparent, unlike most places that just slop it on top rather than cook it in the pan with the ingredients like Luciano's does. You do have to be a little more patient to order this way, but it is well worth it.
5	Pizza is my favorite food so take it from me when I say this place is the best! Now I've never been to NY for some pizza but this is the best I have had at least on the strip. My BF and I will go all the way to this mall simply for a slice of pepperoni pizza.  They also have a really good Cesar salad.I will say that it is a little on the pricey side for a slice of pizza, but it is definitely worth it.  I would recommend to locals or anyone visiting the Fashion Show Mall looking for a good slice.
4	Really good pizza. They have a totally affordable lunch special where you can get a slice (any type you want!), a side salad, and a drink for only $8.95. This, in my mind, is a great deal. Especially since you can choose whatever slice you want! Usually, a specialty slice can go anywhere from $1.50 to $2.00 more than a plain cheese one. I just got plain cheese, but that's 'cause I'm a traditional kinda gal when it comes to my pizza.A little heavy on the cheese, but not in a bad way. Greasy. But also, not in a bad way. It just made me think of those people who sop up the grease with their napkins -- which I never do, by the way.Overall, a great pizza place, and friendly guys working here too. Their side dishes also appear to be very tasty.
4	The most tasty and affordable pasta pescadore. Luciano your the best!!!!!!
