5	I love their pizza, especially their artichoke chicken bacon pizza. The place is very clean and the staff is very friendly. They have a lot of good deals and coupons. I usually buy several and freeze them and then I can have their pizza any time I want.
4	I love Papa Murphy's and love the new location even better. The owners are so of the nicest people and run a great store. The only issue I have about the place is the extremely unprofessional shift manager I'm assuming. She scolded the girl taking the orders so spelling words out right in front of multiple customers when she could have easily finished her work and taken her employee in back to coach her in private.This won't keep me from coming back but I was sure embarrassed for her regarding her management skills during a slight rush.I couldn't give less than 4 stars for one bad apple.
5	I Love this place!!!!!!  Papa Roni with extra sauce
4	This is our go to chain when we are doing a family pizza night and want quality pizza, but don't want to break the bank. The shop is located inside of the Albertson's shopping plaza on College Dr. I suggest calling ahead because it does get pretty busy in the evenings and on the weekends. Although, even without calling it in the wait isn't too bad (10 minutes). They have a great selection of pizza toppings and something to satisfy everyone; wether you are a meat lover, veggie lover, on a diet, or somewhere in between. The customer service is always friendly and accommodating and seem to enjoy their job.We usually get about 3 large pizzas: The Cowboy (heavy on the meats with pepperoni and sausage) for boyfriend's dad and brother, Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE (more for the diet conscious it consists of cracker thin crust and herb chicken, spinach, tomatoes, feta, olive oil) for boyfriend's mom and sister in law, and boyfriend and I opt for the Gourmet Chicken Garlic with thin crust (creamy garlic sauce, chicken, tomatoes, green onions, herbs & cheese). Once you get home you just pop it in the oven for a bit and you're set with a hot and fresh delicious pizza. They send you home with the cooking instructions, but basically it's 12-18 minutes at 425 degrees and make sure to check it at ten minute mark. Simple enough. The prices are around $10-16 per pizza depending on the size and choice of pizza.The only downfall is waiting for the deliciousness to finish baking when starving!
1	I just got an order from this store.  The product is fine.  The guy in charge tried to overcharge me by $8 for each of two pizzas.  He was making the pizzas while he explicitly told the assistant to add $8 on each pizza's price.  When confronted with why the charge to my card was so much he sheepishly gave me back $15 cash.  I cannot image how this can be called a mistake.  I believe he deliberately tried to overcharge me.
4	Yummy garlic sauce for any pizza. Bought the gourmet italian and chicken with bacon. Good stuff!
5	I usually have an orgasmic reaction to food, but pizza was never one of them.Until I took Papa Murphy home. Thank you!First of all, I did not expect to find the staff so friendly, I explained to them about a prior location (Stephanie and American Pacific) I had called and asked the time they were planning to close (Dec. 24. 2013) to ensure that I would have enough time after church to pick it up, when they said 8 I was more than ecstatic, so when I got there, at 7:08 to my surprise... they were closed... liars! LIARS!!!So on to the next one, because my roomie and I were dead set on getting the pizza, we drove to the College location where we explained what happened and he sincerely apologized, he even honored these coupons we had that were specific to the Stephanie location. YAY! So delicious! Fresh ingredients! High Quality cheese!! Love Love LOVE Papa Murphys!
5	Wow!!!!  What a much better experience today!  Pizza was absolutely Amazing!  Found out that AJ is the "real" manager!  And the guy with the bad attitude is Jordan!  Thankfully "Jordan" wasn't there today!  So I didn't have to deal with him.  But AJ and the girls were fantastic!  He definitely knows how to make an awesome pizza!  And he's always been very professional & consistant everytime I've been in there.  He Always makes you feel welcome....(not like Jordan).  AJ Rocks!!!!  :)  I hope the owner realizes just how lucky he/she is to have such a dedicated outstanding employee like AJ!!!!
5	Once again....a Fantastic Pizza made by AJ!!!!  If you've never had a pizza from here....you must try it!  There isn't a pizza place in Henderson or Las Vegas that even comes close to Papa Murphy's on Horizon Dr.  Everything is fresh and high quality.  I'm addicted to this place!  haha  :D
5	Everytime we come here they are always super nice . We haven't tried a pizza that we didn't like . My personal favorite is the BBQ chicken :-)
1	I used to love this place!! However today, Mathew "the Owner" told me I was just a customer and told me never to come back. This was all over the phone. I asked for four mini murph pizzas and was rudely told  I had to Pre order. RUDELY!!! This must be a new thing(which is fine) He told me he didnt  pay this much money amd work seven days a week for nothing!!!  He was yelling and screaming at me and if I was present in the store,  I would have been scared. It was embarrasing and demeaning. I have never been treated with this disrespect and humility. I have worked 14 yrs in retail and know that this BEHAVIOR is not tolerated nor exceptable. I will share my expierence with all of the Station Casinos and Casears entertainment and hope they will follow in my lead and not be treated with such poor quality.Please do not give Mathew "THE STORE OWNER" any more of your time and or respect because you won't get any in return.
4	FRIENDLY COUNTER HELP. Pizza nicely made. clean place, they do get busy. It was no problem calling ahead to get my ordered started.
5	Very good pizza....so much fresher than the chains. Service is quick and friendly. Now if they just had online ordering...
