1	I'm fairly certain this location of SAQ has no interest in making money. Case in point: they closed early on NYE.  Also they are open only until 6pm on weeknights, which means I can barely get there before they close when I get off of work.  After a full day of work, I'm sure most people could use a drink.SAQ pretty much has the lockdown on liquor and wine in the city and they have plenty of variety. But it's apparent that the employees have no desire to be there when the doors are locked and the gates are down at 6:01pm. Yeah, it's downtown, but would it really kill them to close at 7?
2	This SAQ location is convenient if you're downtown, plus the staff are friendly and helpful. They have their fair share of wine and liquor, though I couldn't find Patron. (Maybe SAQ's don't carry that brand? On the bright side, we left with Jack Daniels and a few bottles of sake.) Short on cash? They take credit cards, just like the city's parking meters. If only more cities did that...Unfortunately, you probably won't get to experience the store, as they tend to close early - even Saturdays. Call ahead to verify their hours.Is it bad that many of my reviews revolve around alcohol?
3	SAQ is certainly bigger than the average liquor shops I go to in the states. Wine & Hard Alcohol galore, but incredibly limited beer selection. (I haven't purchased much alcohol in Montreal, but I do prefer IGA's beer selections). Credit cards are accepted. Apparently its fine to walk out of the store & around Montreal without placing liquor in a bag. who knew! In general, its expensive to purchase alcohol in montreal so I was quite satisfied with this place. They had what I was searching for: Amarula!
4	I give it 4 stars as the staff here was amazing. Yep, good service is worth a lot too and should be acknowledged. Their beer selection isn't only limited but doesn't feature a single Canadian craft brew. The cashier was very helpful and not only gave me tips on where to go but also which beers to try. You get a scratch card after your purchase which I found quite neat. I won a 15 dollar gift card which I ended up giving the next guy in line as I was only visiting for a few days. If you are into wine, this is your one stop shop!
