5	Excellent service. Ryan, the owner, is a former homebuilder, licensed and bonded.  I have called in emergency situations as well as for general handyman services....including, plumbing, electrical, indoor/outdoor lighting, and even curtain rod hanging.  I provide their name at the security gate, provide them with a code to my garage and they let themselves in, do all the work and leave an invoice.  I've even left a blank check behind for them to fill in as payment.  As reliable and as great a quality of work as you will ever get from a handyman/contracting service.
5	I wish everyone I do business was like Ryan! He is reliable, courteous, knowledgeable and skilled. I never go anywhere else since I hired Ryan (based on Yelp reviews) over 1.5 years ago. He has now also worked for my mom with the same outcome - excellent service at fair prices. You'll be glad you called Ryan for your handyman needs!
5	Fast and very professional!I called about a plugged sink drain which Ryan immediately fixed (doing several tests to make sure there were no leaks when all was put back together). He went  the extra mile and ensured that the dishwasher was plumbed correctly.
5	We used these guys for some repairs on our rental property and they were great!  Arrived on time, did good work and were extremely affordable.  I'm happy we have a go-to handyman next time issues arise.
2	Oh, it started out so good which seems to be the pattern with handymen.  Since our first terrific experience, my husband has sent several emails and voicemails with  no return communication.  Disappointing.
5	Ryan and Scott were beyond professional. They showed up on time as stated and completed the work with accuracy. He said my projects would take a days time to complete and held true to that. I can't thank them enough for getting the projects done!! Do not hesitate to use them. I have even referred my parents to him for their projects.List of items I had done:Remove and hang new bathroom mirrors Mud, tape and texture patio ceiling Fix 2 doors that would not closeInstall 2 bathroom lighting fixturesMove an electrical socketPatch and texture a few holesI will post pictures once we are done painting.
1	Came out to my house, seem very genuine, promise to email me a quote the following week, never heard from Ryan again. I called and emailed him....Oh well, I'll find somebody better.
5	Ryan is great, I highly recommend him!
