3	Stop by and say hello to Gary.  Very friendly service and tasty pizza.  This is in an old pizza shop that was not the best but the pizza is much better.  The menu has regular pizza pies and Northern Italian square cut, hoagies and salads.  The crust is thinner and has a nice crunch.  The sauce seems to line up with some the the more popular style pizza in the area.  Parking is limited and no tables.  A few chairs at the window.
4	I grew up just outside of New York City and am in love with that style of pizza. Because of that, I am super-fussy about what I like in a pizza. Most pizzarias in the area can't touch that style so I've instead been trying to find something that I like for what it is. Patron's is just that.I ordered a 16-cut Northern Italian style pie with pepperoni and sausage. The pie sauce was very good and its texture did not overwhelm the other ingredients. The thin crust was just crispy enough that it had a slightly toasted flavor, held the ingredients well, and did not overpower the flavors. The best part was the meat. Lots of pepperoni and thinly sliced sausage topped the pie - and they were fabulous! Another thing to point out was that there didn't seem to be tons of seasoning in the sauce. I ate later in the evening and did not have a sour stomach at all like I get from the pies put out by many of the other area shops.Besides good food, the pizza was made very quickly (about 20-25 minutes), the owners were extremely friendly, and they offer SLICES! Stopping in for slice of pie is something that I haven't been able to do in the area since I moved here nearly 25 years ago.Patron's - you've landed yourself on my list of "go to" places.ABailey
4	As far as pizza goes this place is spot on. Especially when comparing to the local competition in Carnegie. Patron's claims to use San Marzano tomatoes and all of the other "best ingredients" and you can tell from the quality of the food that they do. The restaurant isn't set up to be your typical dine in joint but that is okay because it's a pizza joint and it doesn't need to. They don't have a great deal of parking and only a couple seats inside but it does the job. You have enough room to dine in if need be or takeout. My only gripe with the place after first visit was that my food was at least 20 minutes late. This was from an error on the cooks side as I was told, which is all good, I understand that people make mistakes. But they didn't seem very apologetic nor offered any compensation. Still the quality of the food is the reason I was there and they delivered (not sure if they actually deliver pizza but you catch my drift). I will eat here again next time I have a pizza craving and will update the score if all goes smoothly.
