5	Great lunch specials and great food.
3	Baba's Chinese Kitchen is a small restaurant. When I went in there, I thought they were still opening up because there were food warmers on the counter but they were all empty and I was the only one there right after I saw a man walk out. An old gentleman approach me who I'm assuming is Baba and greeted me. He was very friendly and asked if it was for there or for take out. I ordered the special which was fried rice, 1 entree (orange chicken), egg roll and egg drop soup and a drink for $5.99. Pretty sweet deal right? With tax it came out to be $6.45 which is no problem. It took about 10 to 15 minutes to prepare my food which I thought took a while for chinese since I was the only one there but I it could be just my stomach being a pansy at the moment. While waiting I used the rest room to wash my hands and to my surprise was a very clean looking rest room so I thought that was nice. Anyways, I got my order left and ate my food. I was a bit disappointed with the portions though. Maybe I got used to the portions you get from Panda Express where they blob and pack your to go box with your order but this one had a lot more room to put more fried rice in. The food was okay. It wasn't what I was expecting for Chinese either as the fried rice didn't seem at all greasy. You can look at these in a negative or a positive way. If you're trying to lose weight, watching your portion control and craving chinese, then you'll get a bang for your buck and satisfy your craving. If you're feeling pigging out on some authentic chinese and have a few more dollars to spend, I'd say look elsewhere. Over all, I'd definitely come back to this place, especially if I'm on a budget. Location: 3/5Cleanliness: 5/5Customer Service: 5/5Time: 3/5Portions: 3/5Taste: 3/522/30 =73%
5	Highly recommend
3	Cant say anything bad about the staff there small staff but very friendly which I appreciate... Ive sat down to eat there only once but have had it to go a few times, food was good service was good.. It was quite and no other patrons where there when I sat down and ate there, but I like this place its worth spending your time and money there because you get exactly what you pay for!
1	Didn't try the food.  In fact, I went as they had their grand opening with the thought of ordering food for the family.  As they are picky eaters, I looked at the menu.  The menu was not  as diverse as some, and knowing that some restaurants will special order food for you or modify a recipe, I asked if they could make something that was not on the menu.  Rather than saying they could not, the comment was made with a very rude tone, "My chef is an authentic Chinese Chef and what you are ordering is not Chinese, but something made up for Americans.  He won't make that."  It wasn't what he said, but how he said it and with such disdain that I will never darken the doorstep of this restaurant again.
1	I placed my order and asked for no peas in my fried rice to which I was told, "it's already made" HUH????? MAJOR turn off and this is why I will not return because your rice is prepared prior to opening. Portions are incredibly small. Service was ok even though the man got smart with me when I asked what he recommended.
3	Something made me want to stop for a late dinner so I gave in to my instincts. The restaurant looks non-descript and generic from the outside, and pretty much does on the inside too. I had the place to myself so seating wasn't an issue, although it is larger than it looks and has ample seating. I was greeted promply and made to feel welcome and comfortable. The menu has a few unique items, but for the most part mainstream items.The crab wantons came out quickly so I seriously doubted they would be fresh, but to my pleasant surepise they were. The quality and flavor was very good, and I believe them when they said they use fresh ingredients.  The sweat sauce was impressive and made from scratch and you could tell it wasn't from a can or bought in bulk.The General Toa's chicken was good and they made the "heat" to order. I asked for a 5 out of 10, but I was more like a 3. The food was good and the serving was just right, not tiny but not ridiculous either.The waitor, Terry said he was one of the ownersand was very open about the menu and the credentials of the chef. The food showed his love of cooking so I'll be back to try his other "specialties" soon.
1	Just gross. I ordered shrimp with lobster sauce and crab rangoons. What I got wass a sloppy sorry excuse for lobster sauce that tasted re-heated and pre-packaged, and the crab rangoons I'm positive were store bought. Nothing about this place felt or tasted remotely authentic. For the same price you can travel down the road a block to China-a-go-go and see your food getting prepared by actual Chinese chefs and pay not a dollar more. The quality, variety, and service trump this place hands down. Save yourself a trip to the bathroom with an upset stomach (trust me, you will probably get sick like I did) and just don't go here.
4	Keeps getting better each time I go back.  Still surprised how empty this place is each time I go.  The owners are always there and always happy to hear feedback and suggestions.
2	Great service. Went for lunch and ordered the lunch special sweet and sour pork, it also came with egg drop soup, eggroll, and a drink. The soup was the best eggdrop soup i have ever had in a Chinese restaurant in the many states I've lived at. However the sweet and sour pork was not the greatest, they were tiny fried pork pieces drowned in sauce. The fried rice was ok i think it lacked a little flavor but the eggroll was the nastiest, don't know what was in it but it was slimy and made me gag. Not sure if ill go back but if i do i wont get the sweet and sour anything.
4	Food is awesome! Smaller portions than most Chinese restaurants but still hits the spot! You may have a bit of a wait for your food. Definitely worth checking out.
