4	I highly recommend you go see the Andy Warhol exhibit at the Mint Museum of Art. They're showing a very cool collection of his work. While you're there, you can also view the haute couture exhibit (which is interesting but far less engaging). Entry for adults costs $6 and is free from 5-9 Tuesdays. And you can take your receipt to the Mint Museum of Craft + Design and get in for free there on the same day, which is a pretty good deal.
3	My biggest complaint is that they wouldn't let me bring my camera bag inside with me. Why is this such an issue of contention? The gigantic woman who bought admission ahead of me carried a total of two (2) purses in with her at least as big as my camera bag, and not a word was spoken to her regarding the size of her luggage. So, photography is permitted, kind of, just don't try to bring in your camera bag if you're a guy.A decent-sized museum. Nice exhibits. A good way to kill a couple hours on a weekend afternoon.
3	It's shameful I've lived here for over a year and only just made it to the Big Mint this weekend.Pros: huge, green park surroundings. Lots of activities for kids, including "kits" for almost every exhibit. Perfect lighting (don't no duh me - I've seen some terribly lit museums). Gift shop had some unique stuffs, so a good resource for Xmas. Love the architecture, although I felt like I was looking at a Met in miniature, for some reason (did you know this building used to be uptown, and they MOVED it here, many years ago? Awesome).Weird: 10 bucks admission (4 dollar hike in 2 years? yikes). Super specific collections that, while you're wandering from gallery to gallery, butt up against each other in a jarring way. Docents are STRICT (and fiesty) about the rules. Stale smells.It is what it is. And it was super quiet, nice and cool, and an awesome way to spend a Saturday afternoon. Frightening that we were the only people there, and I hope that isn't the regs. I can't wait to see the Uptown annex in October, and am crossing my fingers for a collection of contemporary art to be unveiled. It isn't fair to make the McColl center do all the hard work.
2	This place has an AWESOME fashion exhibit on haute couture. I think that most of the exhibits were great but the security was really creepy and borderline stalking. A security person appeared from nowhere when we parked and tailed us on our walk into the museum. Then once we paid the OVERPRICED $10 admission there was basically someone with an earpiece and a jacket following my friend and me around. I don't know if this place doesn't get a lot of visitors or what, but the Louvre was less guarded than this place. Overall, a totally creepy experience.
3	The Mint Museum is a Charlotte landmark that infuses some much-need culture in this city.  While it has its flaws, the Mint Museum is still a great place to learn about cultures and art periods that you probably glossed over in your art and world history classes in college.  As someone who is decidedly not an art snob, I felt enlightened when I finally saw the connection between art history "isms" and their social context.  The museum has a strange hodgepodge of collections.  I probably looked like Where's Waldo going through each collection.  Oddly enough, the museum has a strong pre-Colombian collection of pottery and statues, medieval Madonnas, West African ceremonial masks, and an rotating exhibit of formal dresses in the 20th century among other collections.  King George III and Queen Charlotte's oversized portraits will remind you vividly why we are in the Queen City.I agree with the other Yelpers that $10 admission is somewhat steep, but who wouldn't spend $10 or more in the mall?  They have free Tuesday night admissions, plus BOA cardholders can get in for free once a month. The place needs some TLC, but I hear that this will occur when the new museum uptown opens.  Not an art aficionado?  At least add the Mint Museum to your Charlotte bucket list.
4	I woke up Saturday with every intention of spending the day cleaning my house, but on my morning perusal of twitter I discovered that it was Museum Day and that, for exactly no dollars, I could go enjoy the Mint Museum of Art, which I had been meaning to go to anyway in order to prove to myself that I am not an cultural heathen.  It is perhaps not the best compliment that I could give the Mint Museum but I am glad I skimped on my bathroom scrubbing to take advantage of this opportunity.Instead being heavy on the european painting like many museums, though they do have some of that, the Mint dedicates a large portion of its gallery to native peoples of the Americas and their traditional art. The accompanying plaques give enough context to give you an appreciation for the exhibits without becoming overwhelming. Even the space itself lacked the stodgy feeling that would not be unheard of in an art museum.The museum has an interesting gallery dedicated to fashion which currently houses an exhibit on haute couture. They are also hosting an exhibit on the history of platform shoes which added a punch of whimsy between the Central American weaving display and the Chinese court robes.The top floor is largely dedicated to pottery, and I imagine that if that were your thing it would have been very interesting, but it's not really my thing.To top it off, the museum grounds are lovely and the staff I spoke to while "buying" my ticket were knowledgeable and friendly. They do close at 5 on Saturday which is a shame since I feel like I rushed through some of the displays. I suppose I'll just have to return, perhaps after visiting their newly opening uptown location, since admission at one museum affords you admission to the other within 2 days.
3	My friend LB and I wandered into the Mint Museum Randolph in pursuit of the Platform Shoe Exhibit which we had been seeing signs for all over town.  But, I assumed that it was at the Mint Museum Uptown so we went there first... Instead it was at the Randolph location.  The good news is that we were able to pay $10/each and visit both locations in the same day.  It's a good deal.After visiting the Uptown Mint, Randolph pales in comparison.  The rooms are small, lowly lit and a little smelly.  We also got lost on the back stairway even though we had a map.  It's not laid out too well.  All in all, it was a little creepy since we didn't see a single other person while we walked through the exhibits.  The plus side is that we did enjoy the Platform Shoe and the Haute Couture exhibits.  They had an excellent collection of top designers' clothes and shoes from at least the 40's on.  We had a lot of fun looking at these and reading about the designers.  We learned some stuff, too :)The museum offered a lot of other unique collections but we were too tired to really explore too much so I can't give an accurate review of these.  But, I can tell you that they had a decent amount of things to explore.  I would probably only go back here if I knew they were showing something that I wanted to see.  However, the park surrounding the museum was gorgeous.  It looked like a great place for a picnic or some place to let your dog run around.
4	This was my first visit to the Mint Museum on Randolph in several years and I was pleased with the blended offerings of student art (some of these kids have an awesome talent at an early age!) to pottery to a huge portrait of Queen Charlotte on the top floor.The student art on the first floor definitely warrants a trip down that corridor.  There were 2nd grade artists that were showing serious potential and high school artists well on their way to showcasing their photographic and modern artistic skills!The North Carolina and Native American pottery was interesting to browse through as was the collection of traditional garments from several collections.  There were several pottery pieces that caught my eye!The Coco Chanel exhibit is definitely worth the trip from the suits to the gowns to the shoes to bags!  There were many visitors wandering around in these rooms and it was almost as fun to watch them looking at the exhibits as it was to view the pieces myself!I will keep my eye out for future exhibits at this Mint location...great museum...and don't forget Tuesdays from 5-9 are free...check it out!
4	Though it lacks the sparkle of the new Uptown Mint it has a lot of Charm!  Charm and the Student Artist Gallery (K-12).  Many area Schools have their students Art on display.  The Student Artist Gallery is located on the Ground Floor behind the Entrance Reception Desk and right beside the Van Emory Forum - A very cool design for an Auditorium (Completely round).  Shortly after moving to the area 2003 I was introduced to this Museum and visit regularly and always on Tuesday Nights - Still Free on Tuesday nights!!!History Buffs may enjoy many of the exhibits.  Mint History, Mint Coin making room (see the history of the Mint and how it got the "Mint" name. "Arts of Ancient America" exhibit is huge and goes through a large winding space.  Much of this is Pottery.  Several small and one large room house the North Carolina and American Ceramics 1875 - !925 collections.  Also current exhibit are: "the Historic Costume & Fashionable Dress Collection", " Renaissance and Baroque Art", "15th - 17th Century Northern European Art", "The Golden Age of Art", "Mayan Contemporary Textiles", "Performance Masks of Mexico", "Contemporary Native American Ceramics", A room of shoes called "Heights of Fashion - Platform Shoes" and a hallway of Silk Chinese Robes.Two new installations are currently in progress so there are two part of the Museum with nothing in them currently.  I will update these only on my next review!The Coco Chanel Exhibit is currently going on!They have a Great Gift Shop!
4	This museum has a strange layout, but the exhibits are done nicely. I went to see the Chanel exhibit and it was nice, but I was hoping for more of the earlier designs. Most of the clothes were from 2000 and on. AND, it is free on Tuesday evenings! What a great way to spend and evening and not feel guilty for leaving 30 min in.
4	My review will be based on the exhibit that I came to the Mint Museum Randolph to see - which was the fashion exhibit. I was amazed at the fact that you could practically touch every article of clothing from the 1800s and beyond because they were only roped off and there wasn't security in every room. Of course they must have been very trusting and no one did touch anything. There are interactive exhibits, but this is not one of them. The Mint was not crowded, maybe this is due to the fact that the location is kind of far from uptown. It seemed like it was just off of a random side street, but I'm not sure because I am not from North Carolina. The Balmain dresses from the 1950s were so beautiful that any picture I took of it, could not do it justice. The dresses were all so beautiful in their own way.  I was so glad that I found the exhibit and my mom really enjoyed it as well. I'm so glad that we went and the museum is on a beautiful grounds that would have been perfect for a picnic. I bought a nice print of one of the paintings for my grandmother and it only cost $10 - what a steal!
3	A nice museum on beautiful grounds.  Good site for weddings and they do have them frequently, with the receptions on the wide and deep entrance patio.  As the name implies, it used to be a US Mint.A popular place with rotating, interesting exhibits.  Very nice gift shop.  Docents have a schedule of tours.Fashion is a big exhibit area and although I have little interest in fashion I found the exhibits interesting and my wife did really like them.My only regret is that it is small in size.  However, the downtown (they call downtown Uptown) location can be visited on the same ticket on the same day of purchase.  The Uptown Mint is much larger and has many more exhibits to see.  Worth a trip to see both.
5	They have a good collection from all over the world!Check the Jean Baptiste Camille Corot's work on the First floor and the works of Barbara Morgan, Sonia Handelman Meyer. Amazing!
4	Came here a few times when living in Charlotte and had a decent time. The grounds on which the Mint lies are gorgeous and you'll oft see couples picnicking, Queens residents running their gorgeous dogs, the occasional engagement shoot, or jaunty passersby. The exhibits themselves aren't the most gripping, but they are rather fascinating. The occasions that I've visited, there were several exhibits of ancient pottery and china, old dresses from the Victorian/Elizabethan era, and many old English nicknacks. All well and good and fun to appreciate the craft. It's a pretty sleepy museum. Not as over-traversed as some others you may have been to and you feel well-removed from the hustle and bustle of Uptown. We recently visited yet again for a wedding reception held here. The Mint makes one hell of an event space, in my opinion. It's fun to be amongst all of the art and items behind glass while eating a wedding meal with friends. I dig the Mint on Randolph. May not be the most riveting spot in town, but worth the visit for sure.
4	As a member of the museum for almost a year (which I highly recommend joining... I am part of the Young Affiliates group, which has other happy hours/young professional networking events), I shamefully haven't visited this location until this past weekend. I have been here before, including the holiday party hosted here for my work.  It is tucked away down Randolph, not particularly near anything. I know everyone has already mentioned about the green space in the front. I honestly haven't hang out there, but I saw plenty of people enjoying a gorgeous day with their pups. But I know the Mint hosts movie nights, Derby Day and other outdoor events there as part of their year round fundraising effort.Now back to the museum. I was there particularly for the Bearing Witness exhibit. It's a small collection of photo from the New York Photo League (1930s to early 50s). I'm a not-so-good amatur photographer, and I'm very excited they are having photo exhibits at both location at the moment (the one here and the one uptown). I enjoyed this one. It reflects a style of photography that I can appreciate. Most of subjects were not posed. The photos captured life as it was, thus "bearing witness" to the social conditions during that period in NYC. (NOTE: this exhibit will last through June 2014, plan a visit)I skipped most of the other permanent exhibits. Please keep in mind that this museum is quite expansive; the permanent displays can be a daunting task to walk through with all the side rooms in one trip. My personal suggestion is to visit during a feature exhibit that you think you will enjoy most, and then pick one or two of the permanent exhibits to walk through. This way you don't get too tired, and it will allow you other new things to see for your next visit. Another suggestion: check out their event calender. They have cool happenings (often time free or very low cost) that you and your family (especially kids) may like to partake. As I was checking in at the front desk, I was told there's a "black & white print" craft session going on which was ending in 30 minutes. At first I thought I maybe a little too single (as in kidless) to be in a craft room, but the curious part of me took over. I popped my head in and the 3 ladies were very nice welcoming me and I ended up making some very cool gelli prints. IN CONCLUSION (if you are to skip everything I wrote so far):1. Visit, and consider joining the museum as a member. It's always a good policy to support local art establishments.2. Very touching exhibit happening now until June 2014, called Bearing Witness. Especially for the fans of photography.3. Check out the museum website for other happenings. They have cultural events that you may find interesting.
4	We visited the museum today and liked it.  In particular, the temporary (photography) exhibit - "Bearing Witness" - was superb.  I'm very familiar with the photos and I've met two of the photographers (who are in their 90's) - but regardless; the exhibit was a real highlight, and it also included a short portion of a wonderful documentary.  The rest of the museum had some interesting items, and I particularly liked some of the ancient statuary & the costumes.Note that admission to one of the Mint Museums gives you free admission to the other one.  Also note that AAA members get a $2 discount - but if you're with someone else who also has an AAA membership (such as a couple, whereby you have a family membership), be sure to pay for separate admissions.  When we showed my husband's AAA card, it turned out that we were only given one discounted admission - so then we had to get a refund & get two separate discounts (i.e., by also showing my AAA card).  It also turns out that tax is charged on museum admission (we were told that's a recent development) and therefore the AAA discount essentially just covered the tax.The woman at the ticket desk and the woman in the gift shop were both very friendly.
5	This is one of my favorite Mint Museum locations and I would recommend this place to anyone who visits Charlotte. This museum is the perfect place for the historically inclined individuals because it offers many exhibits and unique stories on every item in the exhibit. In comparison with the Uptown museum which only offered modern day art, the Randoph location is perfect for vintage art and civilizations. I attended the exhibits House of Dior, House of Balmain and House of Saint Laurent which were really interesting to learn about. The Mint Museums also offers FREE Wednesday admission after 5:00PM for anyone who is curious to check them out.
