4	This chicken is better than Popeye's and KFC. It's too bad I'd have to travel so far to get them. I had the Cajun Spicy Chicken and some biscuits that were quite tasty. It's probably a good thing I don't live close to Bojangles though or I'd be going here all the time. Stop in if you're in the area. It's a pretty well known chain in North Carolina.
3	This Bojangles' is in a pickle.  To my knowledge they do not actually serve pickles, but they are stuck right next to a Chick-Fil-A .  The only saving grace - perhaps funny because of the fact that CFA is often associated with very Christian beliefs, even being closed on Sundays - is that they are not quite in the exact same market.However, they are very similar.  While CFA provides a menu focused primarily on the chicken sandwich, and now even has a spicy chicken sandwich (one that is fairly tasty to boot), Bojangles' serves a spicy chicken biscuit.  Worlds apart, right?Other than the biscuit vs. sandwich debate, Bojangles' definitely has more variety, with country ham, sausage and steak, but where they really come through is your regular fried chicken (the sort with bones).  CFA has none.  Of course, if you prefer the boneless variety, this may not matter much.At that point, it comes down to which you prefer, and on that front it is purely a matter of taste.  I happen to like both - and while the CFA building is nicer, both are fairly decent.  Unfortunately neither is particularly easy to get into or out of, so roll the dice and try them both.  You may or may not want to do it on different days.  It just depends on your appetite.
4	This 'Jang is the closest one to my sister's house.  When I can't get my Cook Out fix, I come here (as the locations in Atlanta seem to be diminishing, unless you want to take a 35 minute drive).  I remember the first time I was here, there was a guy training on the register, and I needed a drink just to take my order. That was a 2 star affair.They were open on the morning of Thanksgiving, you better believe I got my fix here!  And damn was it good!With the exception of the potentially hard to get in and out of, this seems to be a newer location.  However, the dining area is somewhat small.The people here are great, and so are their biscuits- now if they could only transplant this place to ATL!
4	The food was overall good and fresh but the chicken was too greasy, maybe the grease wasn't hot enough?
1	I would NOT eat here again. Not once but twice I ordered an egg, cheese, and bacon biscuit sandwich and the staff placed a biscuit sandwich with only bacon and cheese in my bag.Imagine my total disappointment after I drove away and I sat down at my desk at work excited about my breakfast, but end up being pissed off.The second time happened today 3/6/14 around 7:30. Not forgetting what happened last time I opened up my bag before I even pulled away and AGAIN found a biscuit with just bacon and cheese on it. I turned to the girl at the drive in window and I did not even need to speak. She said, "I am sorry I will get you another one." She knew exactly what the problem was and she was smiling about it the whole time. Apparently she and the cooks are enjoying themselves at the expense of customers.I just don't trust the place anymore and I question management's dedication to the quality of food and a responsible work culture.
