3	We were staying at the Legacy Golf Resort and decided to have dinner here since it was in the resort and we had a gift certificate from www.restaurant.com.Service: The service was good but not great.  I had to ask for bread more than once but it game out.  Our server knew the dinner menu pretty well but had no idea about breakfast (he only worked there for dinner shifts) but he was able to find out the answers to our questions.Food: The food was decent.  This is what we had...- Calamari: overcooked and very chewy.  I would not recommend this!- Angus Burger: I ordered the burger and it was quite tender and juicy.  The fries that it came with were crispy and seasoned.  The veggies were also crisp and fresh.- Ribs: My wife ordered the rack of ribs and those were delicious.  Highly recommended.  The meat was very tender but it wasn't falling off the bone.  There was plenty of meat on the ribs and the bbq sauce was sweet and tangy.  She had the Sicilian potatoes which were very tasty (sliced potatoes with onions, ham, cheese).  This dish had a lot of food and she was only able to finish half the rack.Overall, the Trails End Grill had decent service and good food.  It is well worth it if you get a cheap gift certificate from www.restaurant.com.
2	Be aware that they are no longer accepting the restaurant.com certificates. The food was decent but not great for the price with out the discount. We were disappointed at the change in policy since our certificate had already been purchased.
4	I had the Breakfast Burrito for lunch and it was excellent. The service was friendly but not very responsive. Everyone in our group liked what they ordered.Despite the service I'd definitely go back and try some of the other menu items I was eyeing.
4	Great place! Don, the bartender, Wed-Sun nights (3-9) is great! Very funny and does magic tricks at the bar!  The food is pretty good- big fan of the quesadilla, wings, bruschetta for starters. I have not had a bad special for dinner. It is a resort so expect to pay a little extra but they do have all the football games on!
5	While staying at the Legacy golf resort we ordered take out, just some appetizers and a dessert. The crab cakes, quesadillas and chocolate cake were very good. The fried calamari were just OK. The staff was nice and the food was ready pretty quick, although the restaurant wasn't very busy when I went in.
4	I had breakfast twice, dinner once, and happy hour once at this nice restaurant located at the Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix, Arizona.  Spent a week here at this fabulous resort and the restaurant lived up to the reputation of being a fine dining choice.One morning I had the Western Omelette and it was delicious and quite large so much so that I couldn't finish it.  On another occasion, I had the Eggs Benedict and that also was delicious.  My dinner choice one evening was the Rib Eye Steak which was cooked perfectly medium rare like I like it and I was quite satisfied.  Again, I could not finish the whole steak which was almost 16 ounces.  It is nice to be able to have a fine meal and not have to leave the resort and we were happy that The Trails End Bar & Grill was there.BTW, all of our servers were excellent and even gave us tips on other dining establishments in the nearby area.
1	Yuck.It took an hour for our food to arrive, which was barely warm and all looked like something Applebee's would serve (it tasted worse then Applebee's). Ribs were boiled, slathered in bland sweet barbecue sauce and then charred under a boiler - no flavor. The meal came with a loaded baked potato and asparagus which, again, had no flavor (no seasoning and we all suspected the side dishes had been sitting out for hours - not freshly made to order). We also order calamari which was all agreed came out of a freezer bag - limp, soggy, no crunch and once again no seasoning. Also one of our table members order the scallops appetizer for his meal - for $15 he only got three small scallops- which of course made him not only sad but annoyed since he asked the waitress if it would be enough to be considered a meal. Also, we all agreed that three is a really odd number for an appetizer, how do you split this appetizer easily with a group? For a resort and the prices they charge we expected something much better. The building itself is very out dated, the ac was leaking inside the restaurant with a bucket to catch the water. The staff seemed not engaged and not even willing to recognize that they had a table of unhappy customers. If you stay at the resort stay for the golf, but skip the restaurant.
