5	This place just opened so I decided to go in and see what it's all about. I got a color done and a trim &the girl that was doing it did a great job! Staff is very friendly and welcoming! I recommend this place to everyone!!! Very good experience & I'll definitely be back :)
5	Needed a quick cut, saw this new salon and thought I would stop in and was not disappointed. The staff was so friendly, they got me right in. I highly recommend them!!!
5	I just stopped in to get a haircut before my brothers wedding, the place is brand new so I was a little weary - but I was in a hurry so I decided to go for it... They did an awesome job, it was a pretty straight forward cut but they did a great job and they were really fast, friendly and cheap - I definitely recommend this place and I'll certainly be back next time
1	this is an awful place!!!!! I signed up an account because of my terrible experience, the stylist just even could not cut the hair in the same length, not mention how awful my hair looks like now, I really want to cry......
5	I recently had surgery so had trouble washing my hair. I walked in for an appointment, and the guy there washed my hair. He was very great, very nice and very friendly. He even towel dried my hair, combed it out nicely and added some leave in conditioner. Best part - it was only $5. Super cuts charges more for a shampoo and it is hit or miss whether or not they take the time to quickly comb it for you after you get it washed.Anyway, the prices were cheap, the staff I encountered was super friendly, and the service was good.
5	Great place for men's haircuts. For the same price as a barbershop, I got a stylist quality haircut from Adam, the owner...a very likable regular guy from Chicago.
2	Super clean place with very nice employees. I have been here 3x and they did a good job cutting. However, best color isn't there strong point. I had black hair and the owner promised blonde or light brown hair. Charged me almost 200.00 for super light roots and dark on the rest. I still gave a tip and just never returned. I wouldn't recommend if you want dark to light fix. I ended up fixing my own hair.
5	I have never written a review in my life about anything (restaurants, salons, doctors, etc.), but felt obliged to write one after getting my hair cut by Adam during my first visit to Best Cuts. Adam is a down-to-earth, personable, and funny guy but, most importantly, he is a great hair stylist.  Adam took the time to understand how I wanted my hair cut and proceeded to give me the best haircut I've gotten since I arrived in Tempe over a year ago.  My search for a good stylist is (finally) over!  I'll definitely be back for another cut.
5	I've been here a few times and they always give me a great cut at a very affordable price. Super friendly staff.
5	When it comes to hair... Adam is the bomb! great place to pop in to get a cut or color. People there are great !
5	I saw that thia place was super close to my house and decided to go check it out. Very nice place and excellent service. The day i got my hair cut i noticed that my layers were a little off but i have alot of hair so its hard to get everything lined up lol. But i went back the next day and he fixed my hair for me no problem. :) thanks again!
5	Adam does a great job! I've been going to him for about a year now. The salon has a fun/clean atmosphere. Great customer service and fabulous coloring. I recommend this hidden gem to all my friends. Adam makes the time fly by!
