5	I've been to 3 of their Phase 1 classes, which is to prepare for the regular Crossfit classes. I used to train with kettlebells and plyometric work-outs. But this adds more dimension to fitness level. Every class, you have different set of exercises to do. Sometimes I feel like the class is punishment. But afterwards, I feel so good. Next day, I feel very sore but next class I return much stronger. Ultimate work-out.The atmosphere can be a little intimidating. Huge guys lifting huge things. But as I return, I notice it's not that bad. I keep seeing same faces (those gym junkies, haha) and I started to feel comfortable at this gym. The gym also offers gymnastic (throwing person from a swing chair etc... type, real circus type) and olympic lifting class.I have no intention doing those, but it is nice to think that top athletes also choose this gym for their work-out. Very inspiring and motivating to see those strong people around.Phase 1 is a set of free 4 classes, and small size (a few people at once), and the teacher demonstrates the form, and corrects any wrong forms. - very persistent in that. I took classes from Valerie and Jay. Jay never lets me make mistake. He always finds a way for me to realize what I've been doing wrong. Valerie is also impressive athlete. At first I thought she was just a cashier, she signed me up to the gym etc. And then when we walk to the field, she got the charisma!Some people have doubt about Crossfit method, saying that it is risky etc. There were indeed lawsuits which got much money out of Crossfit founder etc. So it is important to be prudent and keep correct forms. I really like how Jay always gives lots of corrections and proper warnings before I get lousy. Get a good instructor, and make the best out of this work-out method. I learned that Canadian and Danish armed force uses this Crossfit method too. (from Wikipedia)
5	I was in town for 4 days and decided to go try their box since I felt horrible after so much Montreal awesomeness food and drinks!! ;)Showed up on Saturday 10am for the regular group class. Jacques, owner of the box, was very welcoming and made me sign a waiver and there I was, ready to workout. I was in "deload" week at my regular box so I was very anxious to find out about the WOD. We did the filthy fifty which I scaled down(no excuse but i was so jet lagged!)It went very well, lots of positive comments/advice from Jacques, the gyn is HUGE, so much space. It was a very good experience and can't wait to go back.Everyone was very friendly as well.Love the Crossfit community!!Go ahead and try that box and/or crossfit, you won't regret it!!
4	Probably the biggest Crossfit boxes in Quebec, if not Canada.Jack and Val (the owners) are around regularly, and are good people. They recently bought new equipment (kettlebells, barbells, weight plates, etc), which really makes working out more fun.Classes are taught in a mixture of English and French, but you can always get help in whichever language you prefer.You'll be hard pressed to find another Crossfit gym that comes even close when it comes to the number of classes throughout the day. There are early-morning, mid-day, and evening classes. It can get crowded in the evening classes (5:15pm and 6:15pm), but there's plenty of space during all the other times. On Sundays, they have an open gym (for members).If Olympic Lifting is more your thing, Club Dynamo is based out of the gym too, and has a good setup with dedicated olly coaching available.
5	Dropped in for a class today. Very well stocked gym with good coaching. Felt very comfortable and welcomed (even though I am a dumb yank who doesn't speak the local tongue).
