5	Love it love it love it.Whether you're looking for a fantastic bottle to take home or you want to munch on cheese and crackers while you drink and converse, My Wine Cellar has you covered.  The retail portion of the restaurant is really excellent, the walls lined with a huge selection of reds and whites.  If you're intimidated by the selection or are a beginning wino, the restaurant offers "wine education" courses.  My fiance and I attended a weekly "Wine 101" course a couple of years back.  Each week, we sampled a different genre of wine including reds, whites, dessert wines, and champagnes.  Also, each week included a guest speaker, usually a sales rep for a wine maker.  Lots of fun and I learned a huge amount of information!
4	My Wine Cellar is the retail half of Lucy's Place, which is the "wine bar." Together, they offer you a bit of everything - from a plethora of wine to purchase and take home to a menu that sells by the glass. Pair their chardonnay or pinot noir with a bruschetta or caprese salad appetizer, and you'll find yourself in palette nirvana. The place boasts a cozy, off-the-beaten-path feel. You walk in and are immediately transported to a more relaxed, come-as-you-are, drink-as-much-as-you-want atmosphere that offers dining tables, comfy chairs and couches and a short bar. Inside the colors are true to wine bar standards - on the dark side, encouraging to just let your tense shoulders relax. Lucy's place is a delightful find - a hard throw away from the trendy places you'll find in strip malls or in popular Scottsdale locations. In fact, it's nowhere near Scottsdale, nor does it pretend to be anything except what it is - a wine bar that offers you a wide selection, impeccable service and an atmosphere you aren't quick to leave. When I went, they had live acoustic music - a one man show playing the likes of Ryan Adams and Wilco. It was the perfect addition to a satisfying happy hour experience. Plus, Lucy has a couple small TVs hanging in view, in case you need to catch the baseball scores (it so happened to be turned onto the Red Sox game). I didn't want to leave. That in and of itself tells me Lucy's Place is a rare find. I'd give it 5 stars if it were in my neighborhood. It's a short trek southward, but definitely worth a regular visit if you're in the area or just in the mood for wine that'll satiate your palette, along with a relaxed atmosphere that'll assuage your workday woes.http://my-wine-cellar.com/lucys_place.htm
5	Gotta love Lucy's! And I do! Great selection of wines, yummy snacks and "bar pies" - really, where else can you go for a $100 wine and pizza? I say that a bit sarcastically - as I always get a bit ahead of myself and pick out a great wine because really, life is to short to drink bad wine!  My husband rolls his eyes when I suggest Lucy's cause I am not a cheap date there, but he likes it too. He even threw a surprise bday party for me there, recently - and it was all perfect. The back patio is super when the weather is nice, and they have cozy couches inside, or a table if you prefer. Check it out, it's fun!
3	What can i say - it was not great. It really was not. Yes they do have a lot wines, they a cellar after all. But we vent there for a dinner for a special occasion and i was disappointed. First impression was - Geeeee its sure is cold in here. Ok fine i'll get over it. We find a table and sit down. We order some wine - mind you there was no recommendation or comment on our choice. Whatever. Then we order some bruschetta based appetizers and gnocchi and soup. Bruschetta arrives and i am real disappointed that its just a bruschetta bread sliced real thick and not even toasted. How not cool. Then gnocchi arrives. It tasted ok but was cold in some parts and kinda skimpy on sauce. Is it possible it was nuked? By that time 2 man band started to play. They were pretty good and played some soft rock and country without overpowering whole place, like it often happens. But wait, why talk of the band if food review if not over, was not there soup involved? Hehe we wondered what happened to that as well. "Oppps, you right". Few minutes after our reminder it came. And not it was not worse the wait :( Too bland, too sweet. Not that great after all. We also got coffee and desert. Both were alright but nothing to write home about. Just ok.Perhaps, if you come there with a few friends, do not care much about food and just drink the wine and listen to music it would be much better. We came there for a dinner and wine. Wine was good, dinner was not.This place barely gets 3 stars from me. I am pretty sure i aint coming back either. Bleah."I no like"Eugene
4	I found this place and its tucked away in a little strip mall.  It's intimate, personable, and has a "cheers" atmosphere to it.  They sell wine by the glass and by the bottle, and the prices vary from reasonable to expensive. They also have a small section for wine knick knacks, like wine stoppers, etc.  Selection is limited and small, prices are okay.  They have some glassware as well, and some of it is really expensive...I saw a wine decanter for like $125!!  yikes. I reccomend this place for a variety of reasons. First, the staff is awesome, and are totally educated.  Its a wonderfully relaxed enviroment, and its someplace you can go by yourself too, take a date, or just meet up with people for wine or beer.  clean, nice etc.  Its a wonderfully relaxing place to spend any evening.The down side?  Don't bother eating here.  Stick to the wine when going.  Food here, I think, is okay, and overpriced.  Its a wine bar, not a resturant.  Also, I think they lack variety in things other then wines, like glassware which you can get at Ikea or Walmart anyways.Plus, the owner lady is always there.  She has short hair and is rather loud.  She knows her stuff tho.
3	The quality of My Wine Cellar seems to have decreased over the past few years since it reached its peak around late 2005.  First, their hours diminished dramatically, so much that, if you aren't there for a happy hour or an early dinner, you're out of luck.  Closing at 9 PM on a Saturday just enticed me to skip over the place entirely and make an evening out of it somewhere else.  Then, although admittedly, their first priority is wine, they took Shiner Bock off of the tap selections.  Finally, their quality of food went from 'notable' to 'forgettable', so much so, that I stopped ordering their specialties and went strictly with pizza.  While their pizza is quite tasty, there is a cap on the amount of pizza-and-wine dinners one can have weekly, which was about the amount of time I put in there over the past few years.  That being said, you should support this place based on their discriminant selections of wine.  While its not a bad place to grab a glass of wine, you'd better get there early.
3	I think this place is a great little neighborhood wine/beer place. I do think the food is overpriced, for what it is, but it's not bad. Usually when we go there we get the pizza and it's thin crust which my husband and I aren't crazy about. Usually one pizza is only big enough for one hungry person or two not so hungry people. Mainly I like to go there get a few glasses of wine and hang with my husband. It's down the street from where we live and it's cool that a little place like this is in the neighborhood.
2	This is my first to visit this place, though I've passed it several times. My friend and I just finished having days from HELL  at work and we needed some vino to soothe our frayed nerves. I suggested going here to give it a try and also for a change of scenery. Upon walking in, we were greeted warmly. We sat ourselves on two really squishy couches (not comfy). Well, we got our wine order and were left to chat. First thing I noticed, the music. I began to contemplate whether or not  "It takes two" by Robb Base was a good music selection while trying to unwind and chill with a glass of sauvignon blanc..hmm I'm still thinking no. Second thing I noticed was that the really young servers and bartenders were talking about deep issues of the world, but it was the explicative shouted out by the bartender who was making a very serious point, that caught our attention. I believe my friend said "Classsssy!" in response. So I guess that if you want to chill and have a mellow chat, My Wine Cellar is maybe not the place for it. Maybe it was an off day I don't know. On to the wine prices. I've never seen a wine bar that had all one price for all the wines on their list. It's silly. Really. And the happy hour prices aren't that wonderful. The glasses are 10 dollars, but at happy hour they're 8. Not that big of a price break considering 8 bucks is usually a regular priced glass of wine elsewhere. Just an observation. Food... not spectacular. We sent back the hummus platter we ordered because the bread was COLD, I mean out of the fridge, slap it on the plate cold. The hummus was just not tasty at all. And I LOVE hummus. We then got the bruscetta platter, we ordered the basil, tomato,mozzarella, and the sun dried tomato with goat cheese. Both were very tasty. Then we moved on to the chicken sticks with lemon grass. Not my favorite. YES you CAN have too much lemongrass. I don't know if we'll go back to visit My Wine Cellar. I doubt it. At least we gave it the good college try.
4	This is a decent place to enjoy a couple glasses of wine and some nosh with a friend.  I would give it five stars but I'm rather turned off by the inside seating area.  This place is best when you can sit outside in cool weather.  Especially around sunset =)Occasionally they do have live music playing outside which adds to the ambiance of the dimly lit evenings.  A relaxing atmosphere that I think is a must to enjoy =)
5	has an awesome relaxed feeling when entering, seating on comfy couches and chairs, very clean-has lucille ball stuff all round fall tree and very cute decor- that did it- oh and the wine too!!!   bruschetta (traditional) is perfect w/ drink ..loved it
4	Big fan - perfect for Happy Hour or even dinner - love the hummus and the salads are great too!
4	It's kind of hidden in a small strip mall, but isn't everything in Phoenix?  It's a very comfortable place to go with friends and family for a glass (or three) of wine and some simple food.  Really nice selection of wine to drink and to buy and the wine menu changes often.  My husband and I usually just have the pizza, but lately we've been adventuring on to other items like the bruschetta.  They have wine tastings every week I believe and often have wine and food specials.  For most of last summer they offered every glass of wine for only $5.  This was a fantastic deal and we came back often for it.  The back patio is so nice with views of the golf course.  Inside there are tables and couch areas, so you have options for what's comfortable for you.  We use to live in Tempe, but we'd still make the trek over to My Wine Cellar/Lucy's Place.  When we decided to move to Ahwatukee, we were so excited to find a home so close to My Wine Cellar.
4	Great place to catch up with girlfriends and enjoy a bottle of your favorite wine. I went there last night and sat on the patio, the patio sits right on a golf course, but I wouldn't say the view is impressive. My friends and I shared a great bottle of reasonably priced Malbec ($30) as well as bruchetta. Their bruchetta comes in orders of 4, 6 or 8 and you can mix and match different types. We went for the olive one, sun-dried tomato and traditional. The bruchetta was great, but next time I would just order the traditional (tomato's, mozzarella and basil) and skip the other types.
5	If you like wine and awesome food - you MUST try My Wine Cellar. They have an awesome selection of vino, and an amazing menu. To boot, the staff and owners are wonderful people and make it a delight to come here. My food favorites on the menu are the pizzas, a culinary masterpiece! And my favorite wine is the ONEHOPE Chardonnay - not only is it inexpensive and delish - but 50% of profits are donated to Breast Cancer charities.Bottom line, amazing and affordable food + yummy wine + great people = A good time! :-)
5	Love MWC!!! Went for an after dinner drink for my sisters birthday. We were greeted by the owner with a friendly smile. Katie was our server. She was very knowledgeable. I told her I wanted a Cab, and she brought me a lil piece of heaven. My sisters and I shared the cheese platter and it was more than enough for the 3 of us. The entire staff was super friendly. I will be returning to MWC for sure, whether it's for date nite or girls nite I can't wait to go back!! Thanks again Katie you were amazing!!!
1	This place is a joke if they think they compare to any sort of respectable wine bar. If this comment offends you, feel free to pull down your pants and start crying now. After looking over what I would consider the 'Cliffs Notes' version of a wine list (BS on calling yourself a wine cellar), we chose a bottle of the ONEHOPE Red Cab. I was happy to learn that half the proceeds went to the cure for Autism until i realized that the waitstaff could have used the money, as they all had some special needs of their own. In an attempt to move past the mediocre start to the evening we moved on to the food menu.  The Tomato/Basil/Mozzarella bruschetta had no basil (wtf?), the Orzo and Shrimp starter lacked the red onion it so desperately needed to be a success and who in their right mind serves their pizza on oversized crackers? Just because you throw something 'fancy' on the menu like duck confit doesn't mean you have a license to lack on quality. Thankfully the music became the highlight of the evening. If it weren't for the 2-man, live band playing a lively rendition of MyGirl in the corner, I don't know if we would have survived the evening ;)
5	Um, pretty much the perfect place for date night... First dates, thousandth dates, last date, whatever. Amazing patio, great music(cheers to whoever auditions these people or trusts their mixed tape), great wine selection, and awesome food! I love their bruschetta's . The service is speedy and low key, you don't have to worry about someone hovering, but when you need that next glass, they are there with a suggestion. Professional and knowledgeable. The owners are great. I think every time I have been there(a lot) one of them has stopped by to say hi and make sure everything was great. I know this place has just transferred ownership, and MAN they are doing everything right. It was good when I first started going, and now it is GREAT! Totally recommend to anyone looking to take a date to a classy place that is reasonably priced, where you can make it a long night if things are going well, and a short night if she sucks.
4	Great happy hour, great vibe and bar.  Very chill & just perfect for conversation, food, & of course wine.  Their selections change periodically, which I like in a wine bar.  The low key setting and knowledgeable staff make you want to return for more.  Great pizzas too. Patio is fantastic...& the live music on weekends is great!Sweet spot in Ahwatukee.
5	From the ambiance, to the staff, to the wine list, this place has got it figured out.  I LOVE wine, but I usually feel like I'm being tested when I go into wine bars.  This place is so unpretentious, it's a breath of fresh air.  If you don't know exactly what to ask for, the staff will ask you about what you've liked in the past, what flavor profiles you prefer, and a ton of other questions to narrow down exactly what you'll like.  3 times out of 3 they've nailed it on the head!They just recently added a happy hour menu and expanded their food menu as well...you have to try the smoked salmon bruschetta best I've had in the valley (even beats out postino's smoked salmon!)To top it off, this place even offers wine 101 classes, grape varietal classes, and even a book club!  I think you get it by now: This place rules.
5	This place has everything for the perfect date. They had a guy singing called Big White Cloud ? lol He was great, the service was perfect , the outdoor heaters are magical. I will be back !!!!
3	I have to agree with other Yelpers that this place is unpretentious, but it would only get two stars if I didn't admire its chutzpah for staying in business so many years and I honest to god, have no idea how. My friends and I come in here now and again for a post happy hour glass of wine and that's always a two-hour minimum visit. Not that we're trying to get out quickly, but there's a point where it gets absurd. Here's a little example. P and I came in one rainy night around 7:30. It wasn't too busy and we found some nice, comfy seats and waited for a waitress to bring us some menus. And waited. And waited. Don't forget, they're not busy. Twenty minutes later a friendly waitress comes by (they're always friendly, haven't had a knowledgeable one yet, but they're always friendly) with some menus. Another ten or fifteen minutes she comes back to take our order. P had a question about one of the wines so the waitress offered her a taste of it. How nice! Another ten minutes she brought me my glass and P's taste and mentioned that they opened a bottle just for her taste. Unfortunately, P didn't like the wine at all (if I remember right, it was on the list in the wrong place, and P was looking for something much, much different) so instead of waiting again she russion-rouletted it and just ordered something. It came, we chatted and enjoyed our evening and she catches my eye and nods at the next table. it seems they have ordered the wine P didn't like and the waitress stands at the table popping the cork out with great flourish saying, "here's the bottle of wine you ordered". Why no one questioned it not needed to be uncorked, I don't know. It's a classy place like that though (underlying sarcasm). My Wine Cellar I mean. Not the poor suckers next to us paying top dollar for an opened bottle of wine with a pour missing from it. I guess I feel a sort of affection for My Wine Cellar. The same sort of affection you would feel for your "special" cousin. The one that can't seem to move out of your aunt and uncle's house and never seems to make smart life decisions. Oh, I know we've all got one. You want to strangle him in one breathe but the next you can't because he's always got such a sweet grin on his face and small animals really seem to take to him. A lot. Anyway, My Wine Cellar is right here in Ahwatukee and they have survived and you can go and have a glass of wine and just hang out. Reasons like that keep bringing me back. Once I'm there I don't know why I came, but I keep coming back.
4	My husband and I went here this evening for drinks and apps and I have to say this is my new favorite wine bar. They have an excellent selection of wine and a few local beers on tap. They also have a great food menu. We didn't eat dinner but sampled a few of the bruscetta selections and they were fabulous. The staff is also very friendly and extremely knowledgeable without being pretentious. I really enjoyed our experience and definitely will be going there again.
4	One of the gems of Ahwatukee! Hidden discreetly in an old strip mall, MWC hits you with an unexpected, fresh dose of casual classiness as soon as you enter. Comfy couches, nice lighting, great little patio overlooking a golf course, suuuper friendly and attentive staff, and a pretty good happy hour make this place awesome in my book.Wine selection exceeds my palate, and they even have an eclectic offering of microbrews for beer drinkers like myself.  Haven't tried the fare, so no opinion on the food. Highly recommended if you find yourself on a date...great place to enjoy conversation and a glass of fermented grapes.
4	I love the atmosphere here. They have a huge selection of wine, and it's not stuffy at all. The food is delicious. It's an excellent place for an afternoon sip and a cheese/meat plate.
2	Decent place, friendly staff, but poor wine list.  I asked the staff about the list and was told the owners only want to carry wines that nobody else does.  My guess is that they want to carry wines that you are not familiar with so you don't know how badly you are getting ripped off.  I had a $10 glass of a $11 bottle of wine (retail).  It was ok, and I expect high prices at a bar but I at least want a decent glass.
5	Bumping this place up to five stars since I have been here a couple more times and both times it was a great night.  This place has an awesome vibe to it, great food and wine, and good service.The pizza is very tasty and filling. The bruschetta options are all amazing. I also tried the antipasto plate and was happy to see it came with a little salad that helped to balance out the saltiness of the meats. The cheese and olives that it came with were a great accompaniment to the wine we were drinking that night. This place is awesome because their bottle prices are extremely reasonable in price and they have some diverse options. The comfy couches and relaxed atmosphere make it a great place to just hang out with friends for hours.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and they are great at recommending new wines.  I asked about a wine that I had once but haven't been able to find anywhere else and they actually ordered a case of it for me!  Just a really great place.
3	We use to love this place, but the food - value ratio is on the decline. We had the thin crust pizza and it tasted like crackers with red sauce. We enjoy the live music and warm tea on the patio at sunset, but it has changes so much. I am not sure if we will give it another try, very disappointed.
4	I really enjoy this place.  The wine selections are nice and they have given me samples to try before I purchased a bottle. The employees have been very interested in customer satisfaction every time I have been there.  This is pretty darn good for having been there several times.Everything I have eaten there has been enjoyable.This is great place for date night, but not a first date, since if it doesn't work out you will want to keep this place as one of your gems to go and relax at.  It is also fabulous to go there with girl friends.
3	I have been to My Wine Cellar a few times since the change in ownership and I have to say I'm still not sure what to think. I love the idea of a cozy wine bar just a few blocks from my house and that is what this place seems to be. I walk in and the atmosphere is quite cozy and even though there is not a huge crowd of people. The bar is usually full enough and everyone is chatting and appears to be having a good time. Even though the staff is welcoming, I still get this feeling like I'm an "outsider" and not quite a "regular" yet. Can't really place my finger on why.The happy hour prices and selection for beer and wine are fantastic! Full price would be a little more than I would like to spend, but then again I love a good deal so anything "full price" just seems like I'm missing out. We used Living Social coupon a few days before the expiration and were a little bummed that the coupon wasn't good for the happy hour prices. I know this is somewhat typical, however that just makes the restaurants that DO allow the coupons during happy stand out that much more!In the time that I have had food (after the ownership change and before), I think it is obvious this place is all about the wine and the food is an afterthought. Nothing wrong with that. I think it is necessary to offer food if you want people to stay and drink a while; we've got to have something to snack on! Bruschettas, thin and crispy pizzas, and salads all with great descriptions on the menu, but the execution leave a little to be desired. Some of the appetizers taste like I could have just gone to Trader Joe's or Costco and purchased the same thing myself.I promise I am not trying to make this sound bad, I will go back to the wine cellar when I want to relax (but not at home, but not too far away either) with a good glass of wine and a calm, cozy atmosphere. I do like to go there, but I think I like the idea more than the reality. It seems as if there is some unrealized potential at the wine cellar, or maybe that is just the optimist in me. The lesson here is that I will be sure to go during the "happy" hours and I won't go when I'm hungry.
5	I love coming here for an after work drink in a relaxing environment. They have a decent wine selection with a nice happy hour menu offering some really tasty treats. I love the bruschetta, particularly the brie, apple and caramelized onions - delicious!The staff has always been incredibly friendly and attentive. I sit on the patio almost every time and love it. They have lights strung across the patio and it gives a great ambiance in the evening. I've been on a Saturday night before and they had live entertainment - just a guy and his guitar - and it was the perfect touch to the already amazing atmosphere.I also attended a networking event here for women in my industry and they handled it perfectly. The staff was spot on, offered perfect little bites and made it a very enjoyable event.I really like how laid back and relaxed the environment is and am so happy it's so close to work that I can make it a regular spot to unwind.
5	THIS PLACE is AMAZING! ...We highly recommend it!  Sarah, the executive chef, makes everything so delicious. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel special. The ambiance is cozy & the view of the golf course in the back is relaxing,
5	They have some really cool beers...more than your typical selections. That's worth 5 stars alone. Food has been great and the patio has a chill vibe. Very awesome place
5	I've always thought MWC had a great visual atmosphere, the colors and the artwork were great,  but I never really connected to the place and their wine list was not interesting until now...New owners took over November '11 and the vibe has changed for the better.  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.  Its the kind of place you can go to alone and make immediate friends with the other customers and the staff.  The wine list has greatly improved and since they brought in a new chef (Sarah) the food is absolutely mouth watering.  They have a great happy hour on food and wine and their regular Saturday tastings are a great way to find new and different wines.  The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the wines they serve, which helps make a great wine bar.Fantastic patio with live music on the weekends - this is the perfect spot for a group of friends or date night.I'm starting to become a regular and I don't even live close by.
4	Nice people and good food! Thanks for a good time.
5	Amazing staff and great wine selection!  One of my favorite places to relax on any night. Live music on Friday an Saturday!
2	Shawizzz......zzzz.....zzzzWhat my expectations of this cute little wine restaurant sounded. At first glance I was excited since Saturday nights are my nights to go Yelping! My Wine Cellar is the first stop. My guest and I sat at the bar.  We ordered a few drinks.... we ordered a few drinks....I said we ORDERED A FEW DRINKS!  Oh there you are! For a minute there I was getting thirsty. Granted big party was "in da house" out back rockin' away, but really I'm sitting at the bar. I can reach over to pour my own drink if that is fine.  We ordered some roasted Brussel Sprouts, Classic Pizza, Fries, and Hummus.  Brussel Sprouts were good, Fries were greasy, Classic Pizza -- well was classic and the Hummus was good minus the rock bread we ate it with.Only thing I dig so far about this place is the ambience.  I love the outdoor patio overlooking the green grass and the band gave it a Jazzy feel.  I think they should invest in more couches, but that's just my opinion. - Enjoy!
5	Great place for Happy Hour, good selection on wine and beer.  The staff is also very friendly.  Defintely will be going back here often.
5	Between the great and friendly staff, their knowledge of wines and a constantly creative complement of unique beers, MWC is the perfect place to end the day.  Great food, live music and a fantastic patio for when the weather is perfect, like right now!
5	I was searching Yelp for bars with live music on a Friday night and My Wine Cellar came up with having a DJ who spins acid jazz.  It was date night, so I figured why not.  We arrived and the place was fairly busy, but not packed.  We were immediately greeted by all three members of the front-of-house staff. We were able to get a table against the wall in a booth-combo setup.Katie, the bar manager, arrived promptly and said that we made it for happy hour and explained all the HH specials. The deals are good, especially if you want to explore some new wine tastes at a reasonable by the glass price.  Anyway, she asked us what brought us in and I explained the Yelp search.  She then told us that the DJ wasn't playing but a new young guitar player was going to be doing acoustic blues.  We were totally down with that.We ordered two beers and a bruschetta combo.  The bruschetta was very unique, on good artisan bread, and topped with well created toppings.  We ordered the Caprese with tomato, basil, and fresh mozzarella; the Spanish, with mozzarella and thinly sliced chorizo with red peppers, and the brie and caramelized red onion.  It was a nice selection, and at only $11 was more than enough food to start our evening.  We took advantage of the happy hour food specials by ordering the tempura green beans with spicy aioli on the side.  The tempura was crisp, but left a little too much grease.  The flavor was really good and the aioli was a good accompaniment.   We were content.As the end of happy hour approached, we decided to order two glasses of wine and were given direction by Katie, who is also My Wine Cellar's sommelier.  She did a great job of listening to our likes and matched two wines to our flavor profiles perfectly.  My wife had the Redwood Pinot Noir and I had the Crucillon Garnacha, a Spanish Zinfandel.The music started and it was pleasant, although we were very close to the artist, so we decided to move to the bar.  It was also a little warm back in the corner and the bar was much cooler.  At the bar, we ordered two flatbreads, my wife opting to revisit the brie and caramelized red onion (she loved it), and me choosing the house specialty, The Territorial, a bbq-styled treat with short rib meat and provolone.  It was excellent.Our evening at My Wine Cellar was thoroughly enjoyable, with each member of the staff conscientiously attending to every detail, engaging in pleasant conversation, and understanding how to take care of their customers.We will surely return and look forward to sampling some other wonderful tapas and small plates, although I may not be able to get my wife to stray from her beloved brie and caramelized red onion now.
4	loving the 'new' owner and new chef at MWC. The food finally lives up to the wine selection, and i particularly like that they're offering a great craft beer menu. the new patio seating is fabulous on a cool Valley night. service a bit slow and stretched, but you're supposed to be relaxing anyway, right?  flatbreads and bruschettas are really good...interesting combinations.
5	If you live in the SW Chandler, Ahwatukee or South Tempe area this is a great place to come for a glass of wine.  The food is superb, the cook formerly was employed at T Cooks at the Royal Palm, they have a nice happy hour and they have music on the weekends.  They also have a wine club that you can belong to and members get 2 bottles of wine monthly for a reasonably low cost.  We are also hosting a client event there in the next two weeks and the owner Zoya has been great to work with. We really enjoy the staff and all that MWC has to offer!
5	came here for the first time on my birthday.  Took the wine 101 class. its on a monday night at 6pm. It was sooo much fun and I learned so much.  The wine was all really great and it came with delicious little pairings for each different glass.  The women who taught the class was great. I feel back I can't remember her name but she was so cute and was super knowledgable.  The best part its very reasonably prices so I love that
5	Great place!  I love that they feature wines from "the little guys."  You won't find most of what they feature at any Total Wine or Bevmo.  Small business supporting small business... totally awesome in my eyes!  The staff is knowledgeable and ooooh Chef Sarah - your food pairings with the wine in the wine 101 course were AMAZING!  Katie, the sommelier, is fun and she knows her stuff, plus it is clear that she loves to share her knowledge of wine with everyone.  I'll be back for sure!
5	Excellent wine list, great food and a friendly, knowledgeable staff. I love the newly renovated patio and the fact that the menu changes with the season. This place is finally what it should have been all these years!
4	Love the wine selection and live music on Friday's and Saturdays. Great atmosphere and outdoor patio/lounge vibe. Great wine bar but so far the food has just been okay.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have been twice and Katie (bar manager) has been my server both times...she is great! She recommended the bacon/Squash flatbread and it was outstanding! The wine was great, and even greater on HH (which, btw their HH is from open to 6pm M-S. They are not open before 3pm though, so don't try going here for lunch...it's a chill, nighttime place to bring dates or close friends/family members.On weekends, there is always an acoustic musician playing. I have experienced Blaine Long and Notes from Neptune. Both phenomenal. Long story short...if you read my reviews you know I like chill spots with great lighting and patios. This is another one of those....I will be back for a 3rd, 4th, 5th, etc time.:)
5	Voices for CASA Children held our December meeting and Board appreciation at MWC for the second consecutive year. Zoya is very personable and helpful with menu and wine selections. The Brushettas and charcuterie she recommended were amazing. The flatbreads were outstanding and yes, the roasted brussels sprouts are a must try!  We selected a variety of wines and each one was lovely. There is a classic and comfortable atmosphere at MWC. I am also an Ahwatukee Foothills resident and I am pleased to have MWC in our neighborhood.
5	I arranged a surprise birthday party for my wife on Fri. 12/21 and Zoya and her team made it a wonderful and memorable event for our 15 guests and us. From the selection of a variety of wines and beers for tasting - to the "munchies" (sampling of flat breads, Artisan cheese & meat platters, and delicious chicken quesadillas) there was a great attention to service, and to making us feel welcome and cared for. A great experience!
4	Great service, friendly staff, great food and excellent atmosphere. Portions are a bit small for the price.  This will be a regular spot!!
2	The vibe in here is great, fantastic to stop in for some wine and relax. Staff was very friendly. However, last night the odor was so bad (we guess from a sewer/grease trap) that we paid and left our $13 glass of wine unfinished. Hope it's fixed soon.
2	Date night, wanted to try a new place. Called to see if getting a table at 8 pm on Sat night would be a problem, she said no, come on down. We wanted to love it, as it's not far from home. It hurts me to give a place with a new owner a mediocre review. But I have to be honest.Happy that we caught Notes from Neptune playing music which is only once a month; they were REALLY good. Relaxing yet upbeat, nice sax & voices, & not too loud to hold a conversation; well-done choice of entertainment.The blonde server helped me choose a wine, let me try one I was considering, which I appreciated. My husband got beef sliders. They were tasty & toasted buns were a nice touch. They came with a few (a FEW) fries that seemed to be made from delicious, creamy potatoes, but were sadly soggy even though they looked pretty well-done. I ordered two apps instead of a meal - the sweet potato chips (server said they are delicious, made fresh to order) and the brussel sprouts. We did have a staggered order, as I took a while to decide on my food. Slider order went in first. But once I did order, I waited a LONG time for the chips, much longer than the turnaround for my husband's sliders. The menu says "hand cut," so maybe they actually grab a raw potato and start carefully slicing when the order makes it into the kitchen?  However, I would then expect them to be uh-oh hot. When they arrived, they had NO heat at all. Given my history as a server & restaurant manager, I'm guessing then they were left in the window a while before making it to our table.The sweet potato chips were a shockingly small portion for the $5 price - I had to hide my surprise when they were delivered. You gotta know, we are NOT "big portion" people, we often split an entree when we go out, as we are not fans of the "more is better" concept.  But for $5, this was ridiculous, a HANDFUL. My husband sincerely said to me, "I planned to have a few, but I'd feel guilty, as you won't have enough." I should have counted, could have very easily and quickly, but didn't think about it before I dove in since I was hungry. They are thin-cut, come in a cutesy little mini-deep fryer basket lined very loosely with waxy paper that therefore holds them up higher than the bottom of the basket (like the gift basket trick of putting in a false bottom to lift up the gift items). Therefore, initially they look mounding out of the little basket, with a honey dip ramekin nestled in there with them (taking up yet more space NOT full of chips). Once I removed the ramekin and looked inside, I could no longer deny that yes in fact this was a - forgive me, owner - rip off. I know what a sweet potato costs, even an organic one bought at retail price at "Whole Paycheck" grocery store. I'm all for places making a nice profit, but honestly... I felt kinda "taken" by that app. If it had been delicious, maybe if it had "wowed" me (I LOVE sweet potato anything), but they were un-warm, not much flavor, and the honey aioli didn't improve them for me at all (I set that to the side after two tries). The brussel sprouts for some reason took another 15 - 20 minutes PAST the chips to arrive (no exaggeration, the band took their entire break & went back to playing while we waited for the brussels). But when they finally arrived, YUM! we agreed we should have skipped the chips AND the sliders, and just had multiple order of the brussels. (But that would be weird, "Hi, just 2 orders of brussel sprouts, please," - not a reason to return). They were delivered hot, and their weight pushed that little piece of wax paper all the way down into the cutesy basket, no space-robbing ramekin, so I'm happy to say said basket was joyously full. We didn't mind paying $6 for those!  (Surely the brussel sprouts cost more than a small sweet potato?? Don't understand pricing logic here).Music really saved the whole experience from being really mediocre. Server was very nice, but either she screwed up my order and 1. left my first item in the window and 2. forgot to put in my second item for a long time, OR this is normal kitchen flow (she didn't say anything like, "sorry for the wait," so maybe this is normal?). Either way, unimpressed. SUMMARY: We agreed nothing to bring us back. However, we could see it's potential. If you hit it for happy hour prices and the music is good, and maybe when the patio is open, and the kitchen and servers are humming along, it could be a fine place to go, as others describe.  Moving on...........P.S. - Funny, I just saw that "Phyllis" mentioned an odor the same night we were there. We were not sitting near either bathroom. I asked my husband at one point, "Did you fart?" He looked shocked, swore no (and he's pretty trustworthy on that Q.) A little while later I smelled a waft again... and I realized it was the same sewage smell that happens in public bathroom drains from time to time.
3	Went here for happy hour with a couple friends.  When I was contacted about making reservations the lady calling was very nice, friendly and helpful.  Turns out that there really is no need for reservations on a Saturday evening at 5pm.  Place only had a couple people in it.I do think it is nice that they have happy hour specials on a Saturday until 6.  Woo Hoo. I tried two glasses of white HH wine.  I did not care for the chardonnay at all.  I felt like I was drinking fruit juice.  Then I was going to try the one from Spain.  The waitress brought me a sample and I hated it - reminded me of baby powder for some odd reason.  So I tried a glass of the reisling.  I really liked it!!For food we tried many things.  The french fries with no bacon.  They were delicious fries but I did not like the aoli.  I am just not a fan of mayonnaise based sauces.  The chick peas were my favorite appetizer that we tried.  It really grew on me and I didn't think I liked chick peas.  We also tried the bruschetta.  I had the one with brie, carmelized onions and apple.  It was okay.  I wouldn't order it again.  It was skimpy on the bri and the bread was a boring wheat flavor to me.  The onions were delicious though.  Also tried the brussell sprouts and wasn't impressed.  To al dente to me and I am not a fan of black pepper.  Also got  the house made pasta and it was really delicious.  I highly recommend it!Live music started at 7pm but it was hard to hear from the side of the restaurant we were on.
4	We love stopping here for a glass of wine, either inside or on their great patio! Their wine selection seems to change up now and then, so that's nice. I've seen the same servers their over the past few years and they're always super-friendly. Overall, it's a nice local hangout.
4	I have been twice. Both times were great, the staff makes the place a charm to attend and go to.~Fud/Drink~Well, the food takes an obvious second place to the wines in house, which there are plenty of. The staff understands how to interpret your pallet well, and easily helped guide my fiance and self through the options we had. We ordered some Sweet Red they had on the shelf which was perfect with the pizza we ordered. The pizza was a fine thin crust with yummy add-ins like pepperoni and olives, etc. The wines here all are fantastic, we had a hard time choosing from the selection they keep stock of. They also have some beers if you prefer that, although I believe the selection has changed. ~Atmosphere~ It has a quiet, local and relaxing quality to it. I felt right at home and our waitress on each occasion was welcoming and attentive. It has a lot of homey qualities to the site, the bar area has a TV but its not in your face, allowing me the chance to pay attention to whom I am with, rather than other disturbances. They have an outdoor patio we briefly skimmed over. Next time I go I'll update on it so you have a feel for what it provides, etc. There is a general sense that loud noise is well out of the norm here, so boisterous parties are probably best left for reserving space for an event. ~Extras/Rating~They do host events, and they do a great job at hosting them from what I have heard. It is an awesome idea for a date, there isn't a better idea for a first date then some wine and pizza to chill to while you talk. They get 4 stars for having a good blend of food and wine/beer selection as well. Plus on top of that, the ambiance is perfectly romantic and will leave you with a great lasting memory! My fiance and I have a favorite wine bar, BUT this is a very close second!
4	What a neat little gem this place proved to be.  I literally have driven by this place a million times and never once stopped in until I was invited there for a happy hour one Friday.  Not sure really what to expect but it was a great call!  Although not the biggest place, it was spacious enough and not over crowded.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and very timely in her service.  The beer selection was very good and if you're a wino this is the establishment to check out.  My Wine Cellar gets 2 thumbs up from me
5	This little wine bar saved our date night! They provided wonderful service, great prices, live music and the perfect ambiance for a romantic evening. They had a great wine selection with very reasonable prices. We did not have any dinner here, but enjoyed the delicious Nutella S'mores for dessert. I would highly recommend this for a relaxing evening out.
5	First time there and it was great. Wonderful service and chef Sarah Baer was rock'n Our server Brittney  suggested a good spanish wine and sparkling sprite on the rocks. But the best part of the dinner was the amazing, teeth rotting s'mores with homemade marshmallow. I don't care if I have to gum my food for the rest of my life I would eat that homemade marshmallow all day long. Thanks for a wonderful evening.
5	This is absolutely one of our favorite places to relax and enjoy a good glass of wine (or three). We usually make it a date night and go on Friday nights because we like the live acoustic music. It's not too loud to still have a conversation, even if you're sitting close to the talent. I love the atmosphere - when it's cooler, it's nice to sit around the fireplace and cozy up! We seem to always get the same waitress when we go, but she's fabulous! She is very knowledgable and always makes great recommendations. My husband loves good beer, and they have a really impressive beer selection, too.The food's great, too. It is a little on the expensive side, but we typically just do a couple apps to share. Overall, it's a great little gem and I would have never found it had it not been for Yelp!
5	Great staff, interesting food, and wine at an incredible value.  The best $5-7 pours you can find probably anywhere.  Take the wine classes if you can, fun and educational.  Where can you find that anymore?!?!
1	I am the co-organizer of a Meetup.com group comprised of African women. My group organizer and me found a website listing 2013 dates for free wine tasting. I called the bar to confirm the days of the week and time for wine tasting about two months before the event was posted. The day of the event, I called as instructed before with the total number of attendees. There were fifteen in our group that day. Soon after arrival,  I asked the waitress when the wine tasting going to start. The waitress told me the days of the wine tasting were held during the week. Of course, a wine tasting was not schedule for the day the Group visited the My Wine Cellar.The owner, an Asian woman came over and shared with me and members of the group, "...You should have called... did you find the information about the wine tasting on my website.....?" This was the extent of the owner's response until I found the website with the information about the wine tasting on my smart phone. The owner looked at the website. I pointed out the information on this site was more recent in publication than The Wine Cellar website. She responded again with the same statements as before and walked away. The feedback from the group was consistent. Members of the group as well as myself were irritated at the owner indifference. The owner was aware of the information out there about her company language used... thus response, "Did you find the information about the wine tasting on my website.....?". The waitress was very helpful and apologized, the owner did not. The owner put the blame on me... "You should have called. I have been an organizer of a Meetup group and I called before..." I did.A member of the group went to the owner to share her dismay at the indifference. One of the owners replies from the conversation included, "So tell me... what do you want for free..." Yup! Nice! The owner sent over a bucket of wine with no glasses. We ended up using water glasses that were left at the table from when we were first seated. We were there for two hours making the best the situation. The average bill ranged from $15 to $60. The group will not come back to The Wine bar. This review will be posted everywhere it can be posted. By the way the food was okay and the drinks prices average.
1	I really, really wanted to like this place. We've given it 3 shots but our experience has been consistent. The first time we stopped in for dinner on a busy evening and sat on the patio. We really enjoyed our wine and tapas meal but our server was incredibly inattentive and we had to chase her down every time we wanted anything. I brushed that off to a really busy night so we returned for a second visit. This time it wasn't that busy so we enjoyed a nice bottle of wine and food. Again, a really inattentive server. When we wanted to check out we literally had to go find her. 3rd try - stopped in for a glass of wine in the early evening. Unfortunately the 3rd visit was the worst. I asked the server if they had happy hour specials and she informed me that yes and we had just made it with 10 minutes left. When we were ready to order we couldn't find her anywhere so went to the bar hoping to make the happy hour deadline. She then came to the table and took our order. 30 seconds later she comes back telling us "Sorry, you missed the cut-off for happy hour".....yeah, we missed it because you never came back! Grrrr......We received our wine and waited for our food (we only ordered two really simple appetizers)...and waited....and waited. No one came by so we went up to the bar again to ask about our food. When our server came back she said sorry but our deep fryer broke today and we had to run out to Kohl's and buy a little fryer and that big table was ahead of you. Seriously???? It's bad enough that they are cooking with a Fry Daddy but never never tell your customers something like that.  After 40 full minutes we received our appetizers, our wine glasses empty. No, she didn't ask if we wanted another glass. She then came back to tell us that her shift was over but no worries, that other girl will take care of you. "That other girl" never came by....ever. We had to go up to the bar once again and ask for our check. I fully expected a discount because of the fiasco but no. Not even an apology. So I told them our experience and the manager came over. She said she was happy to take off one appetizer. Great. Except she talked a little too long about all the problems they were having in the kitchen today. So we waited for our revised bill....and waited....and waited. Are you kidding me? We had to go up to the bar to get the check. It's a nice little wine bar with pretty good food but 3 strikes and you are out. We will not return here. Very unfortunate for us and them.
5	Awesome service, food and atmosphere! The bacon and squash flatbread was out of this world!!!!
5	Favorite wine hangout in Ahwatukee.  Awesome vibe and super fun locals. Great chef offers amazing weekly specials, and will work with you if you need something special. Owners Chethan and ZuZu (sp?) are fun, unpretentious, and truly customer service oriented. Sommelier Kay-Tee has talent for finding moderately priced obscure wines with high point values and great flavor. She deserves a raise!  Highly recommend their monthly wine club.
4	Wine+ Happy Hour folks! =0I've never heard of this place but I came here for happy hour with my co workers. Everything was reallyyyyy good and reasonably priced. We ordered so many mixtures of things. We got to build our own flatbread and also ordered Charcuterie. My bosses ordered everything which was amazingly delicious. The wine! I love Pinot Noir so every time I go to any wine bars I love trying them. I ordered the Apaltagua Reserva. It went down so smoothly. The good news is when you check in you get a free wine tasting! The second one I chose was the Rainstorm. This one was also tasty but has more of a kick to it since there's cinnamon in it. I really liked this place. Everything was delicious and the staff is beyond friendly. They REALLY know their wines! Not to mention they have so many other "festivities there! They have a lot of events there, you can join a wine club, they have wine classes, and they even have live music there on Friday and Saturday! You can't go wrong with a great happy hour and great wine to go with it! =)
5	It's been quite some time since I wanted to write this review. People are quick to drop a nasty line on Yelp, yet an objective review is hard to come by these days. It's like why would one bring friends, tell the owner throughout the dinner that the food is perfect, and then turn around and write a poor review? I wish I could weed those people and their reviews out of Yelp. So there you have it: I am after you (and you know who you are); after you with my objective reviews. My Wine Cellar is a place worthy of your attention. Tucked away in Ahwatukee Foothills and is worthy your attention. This place has a spirit, a personality, amazing staff and always changing scenery of foods, music, wines, social activities, people from all over the country borough together for the love of company or merely wanting to relax after a busy day in the city. I first discovered this place through Yelp and thanks to your reviews. I am a picky SOB born and raised in Europe and spoiled by wonders of Pacific NW. I am Anton from Ratatouille if you wish, and I found my joy in My Wine Cellar's wine club and meeting its members, participating in all social activities. So shall you! Please come and enjoy yourselves here. Phoenix is culturally a young city. Finding city gems is a treasure hunt for me. Love My Wine Cellar!
4	Had a wonderful party at this place last night for a friend.  The back patio is perfect for this time of year with a nice private and relaxing feel.  The food was creative and wonderful and the wine was the perfect temp.  A musician by the name of Blaine Long was playing on the patio and the guy just blew me away.  All original music, great style and feel, and he knows how to control volume and tone so damn well.  Certainly the best musician I have heard in an Arizona bar/restaurant after living here for 15 years.  I will certainly be back to experience an evening without the party.  The staff was very good and professional.  They thought of everything the guests could need including blankets for a baby when the temps dropped.
5	After enjoying happy hour a couple years ago, I finally had a chance to eat at My Wine Cellar a couple weeks ago and had a wonderful time!  We were greeted by the staff immediately, and were offered a seat on the patio as there was live music.  The musician was fantastic and added the perfect ambiance for a nice dinner.Our waitress was Sharon, and she had good knowledge of the menu suggesting a great red wine for myself and a beer for my boyfriend.  We decided to order a cheese plate, and I have to admit this was the one thing we were disappointed by.  The cheese was good, however it was a small portion.  The prosciutto was a bit too sweet and neither of us chose to finish the portion we were served.Onto the entrees...we decided to go with the flat breads and share so we could sample two.  The boy chose the classic, no mushroom.  It was very flavorful and generous on the toppings.  The second was absolutely delicious!  I went with the Bacon and Squash and was impressed by the richness of the toppings without being overpowering.  Definitely a must try!Next time we will probably go with the bruschetta to start, as we saw a few being served and they looked tasty.  Our waitress suggested dessert, however the meal was filling and we did not save room.Overall the experience was wonderful for a date night!  The live music was not overpowering, and there was even a large birthday party going on that did not take over our experience.   The restaurant itself was nice, very open and accommodating for happy hour, however the patio really hit home for us and I am glad we sat outside.  4.5 stars for food and drink, bumped up a notch for the live music.  Definitely a must try if you like personal attention from the wait staff, good wine, and a beautiful patio to enjoy your meal on.
5	We love this place! Such an awesome atmosphere. Great music, great food and great wine - what more do you need?  We also joined the Wine Club. Definitely recommend it. Great wines from wineries all over the world that you would never find and they are paired with delicious appetizers. It's a great way to meet new people. Everyone is so friendly and the owner Zoya is so nice and really tries to get to know everyone. You should definitely check it out!
4	This place is perfect for a date night! Happy hour includes some yummy apps (my fave is the bruschetta) and discounted glasses of wine. There's space to sit at the bar, high top tables, as well as booths. I suggest going on the nights where there is live music to fully enjoy the experience. The servers are friendly and knowledgeable and there is absolutely nothing pretentious about this wine bar. Go try it out!
5	SUCH a great little place! Nice decor, great service, AMAZING patio and view, 5 stars all the way.  Haven't had their food yet, but I will be back for sure and looking forward to trying the menu (sounds like they have a good variety). Wish I lived closer so I could come here all the time.  Looking forward to stopping in whenever I'm in the area.
4	Went here for happy hour with my mom and sister. Was greeted by the humans right campaign sticker on the front door which immediately put a smile on my face. We stuck to ordering a lot of drinks and appetizers that were on happy hour menu. They had a free appetizer for checking in which you can't argue with either. Lots of drinks to order from. Appetizers were amazing, service was great, always came back to check if we wanted more drinks or food. The only reason I docked one star was because the server assumed that my sister was my mom and that my mom was my grandma. It's a common mistake to make, but something no one should ever assume. Overall, I definitely recommend!
4	Such a cute place! Great for happy hour with a small group if you're just walking in or reserve a spot for larger group! Love the atmosphere and the art work. It's very  cozy and comfortable. We got a bottle of wine to share and two of the flat breads- all was SO yummy we were fighting over the last piece! The outside patio was also great with  a fire pit and singer and a lot of couches and comfortable chairs. From the outside this place doesn't have the best curb appeal, but once you go inside you will be pleasantly surprised! Our server was very knowledgeable on all the wines we asked about and a lot of fun and attentive!
3	We have given this place a handful of chances over the years, but we still have mixed feelings about it. We live nearby and would love a fun place to walk to, so we keep giving it more chances. Our experience:1. The service has always been good. Waitresses are very friendly and service is good. The atmosphere is fun too. 2. The food is OK. Flatbreads are good, but if you have ever been to Postino's do not get your hopes up for the bruschetta- it's very small and uneventful. They may want to step it up a notch. Overall it's not a bad place. They need to just step it up on some of the food based on the price you pay for it.
5	Staff is excellent and knowledgable.  Flatbread was fantastic.  Very cute and great atmosphere.
1	Horrible service.  The brushetta was cold and it took them 40 mins to bring it out.  The manager that wanted to discuss the problem with was very confrontational.
5	This is an awesome wine bar with great food, music and atmosphere!  The staff is very friendly and provide great service.  Also a great place for a Saturday date night.  I especially enjoy the wine pairings as part of the wine club with live music outside on the patio.
3	Great outdoor patio & live musics--super sweet & romantic. Good wine--but it was super spendy for not that great/size portion of food. Also, the "free snack" option from yelp is inactive apparently. It was OK. Not as good as Salut Wine Bar in Tempe, AZ.
5	First time here and it was outstanding. Great atmosphere and service. The food was delicious. We will come back and also visit there other location.
2	Went on Friday night. Had to hunt down a waitress for service even thought the place was almost empty for a Friday night. Food was OK not the best I would not return for the food. I would return if they had better live entertainment in the back patio for drinks.
1	The food was great but the service is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The manager, Samantha, really needs a lesson in customer service. Completely rude!
5	This place is one of the best neighborhood gems we have here in Awhatukee. The staff is super friendly and always has their best interest for their customers. It always feels like I'm surrounded by friends here. Great selection of wines for the aficionado or newbie. The food is yummy and make sure you check out the daily specials board!
5	A great neighborhood spot!  I often pop in for the after-work happy hour and fell in love with the atmosphere, the great wine and the staff.   I have even been participating in their monthly wine club -- a great way to expand your wine repertoire. When the weather is cooler, grab a seat on the outdoor patio for some amazing sunset golf-course views.   Be sure to try the spiced nuts!
5	By far my favorite place to frequent. I'm constantly bringing friends and family to this spot because I can always count on the for fantastic food and wonderful service all in an enjoyable and comfortable atmosphere.There can't be more than 5 ladies on their waitstaff who are extremely friendly and knowledgeable about all the wines in house. Some nights they have live music on the back patio which is an added bonus to the great weather we have (almost) all year round.If you stop in, make sure to try their meatballs... they are simply AMAZING!! Everything else is delicious too, but the meatballs are most definitely one of a kind and I love me some meatballs.Shout out to Wine Cellar, you ladies are the best!!
4	Their bruschetta is good and the wine flows. Servers are nice but sometimes slow. I wouldn't recommend big dinner put here, but great for small groups. Kids are OK but will he bored.
1	A bit frustrated as we drove all the way over here to meet some friends. Our friends were at the bar waiting for us but there was a lady at the door not allowing us in because they someone was having a 'rehearsal dinner.' They put a sign on the front door, 'we've reached maximum capacity' and that was just tacky. If you're having a private party or special event, turn off the OPEN sign and put a sign up that says Private Event Tonight.
5	My Wine Cellar is owned and staffed by knowledgeable, friendly, and genuine people. The food is great and pairs well with the extensive wine list. There is also a selection of craft beers on tap for the non-oneophilea of your group.  There is a wine club to join, wine classes to attend, and local artists on display.  This is a classy joint that is great for your happy hour with your colleagues, date with your lady, or just to catch up on SportsCenter on the tele with your lonesome.
5	Wife and I had the babysitter for about another hour on a Saturday night about a month ago so we decided to have a glass of wine.  It has been about three years since our last visit.  Were were greeted quickly, given ice cold water and enjoyed a great glass of Pinot in a nice large glasses.  There was also live music that was not too loud.  The server (?owner) checked on us often and was very friendly but not intrusive.  There were mostly couples and the place had a good mellow vibe.  I cant wait to go back  and try their food menu.
5	I've been here several times now. It's one of those places that if you blink, you will probably miss it! I was one of those people until a co-worker of mine suggested it, been coming here ever since! I'm a fan of this place for happy hour (3-6pm)! They have a nice selection of wines and craft beers and their happy hour pricing is pretty good as well! The owner and wait staff are very friendly and talkative! They are always giving great suggestions on wines and beers to try.If you have a work event and want to do something a little different, this is a great place to try! I had a small work function last fall and it was a hit! They will set up food parings and wine or beer options specifically for your event. They can accommodate decent sized groups and when it's cooler out you can enjoy their patio that faces the golf course. I recommend the meat and cheese plates or their crab dip for an appetizer and their flat bread pizzas are really good as well!They also have quarterly wine or beer paring dinner events! They usually bring in local breweries to pair their food with. Very cool idea if you are looking for a unique dining experience!
4	Went here with a girlfriend and we sat out on the terrace overlooking the golf course and The Awatukee foothills. It was a delight. We had a couple of different wines and shared a cheese tray. The wines were yummy and the cheese tray was fresh. The bartender was a gem and she was very knowledgeable about the wine selection.  Everything was very clean including the restrooms, which as we all know is a direct indicator as to what you could expect in the kitchen. My only comment was the odor of fresh construction in the building but when I inquired about that they said that the wine bar had been there for years and there was no recent construction.
5	I love this place!  Why?  Because the staff is amazing, the atmosphere is quiet and welcoming, and the wine is delicious!! I met with a friend whom I haven't seen in a while and we had a lot of catching up to do.  We were there over three hours and not once did I feel pressured to leave, or not once did I feel as though I stayed too long.  The staff was the best.  I highly recommend My Wine Cellar. Love it!
5	I took my staff here for a happy hour retirement party for our boss.  The service was prompt and attentive, the ambiance was nice, with soft lighting and non-intrusive music playing in the background, and the meat and cheese platters and bruschetta I ordered were all delicious.  This was a hit with the staff and I can easily see coming back here for another event soon.
5	The staff here (Steph served us!) was fantastic! We ordered a couple of flights and then had a glass of our favorite - outstanding wine selection! I also couldn't get over how AWESOME the music selection was. Great food, great wine, great server (Steph!) - we will be back!
2	The service was really slow. They were really understaffed. Just to let everyone know the free yelp snack is popcorn or peanuts- I cant remember what she said bc neither sounded appetizing. Happy hour prices aren't that great considering the small amount of food u get. We needed almost 3 appetizers each and we are both slim. We won't be back.
5	One of the best glass of wine selections I have seen. The owner is very attentive to presenting good quality and excellently served wine. The happy hour food specials were tasty and delicious & an excellent value. The ambiance and people were nice and homey...they make me want to go back! Overall one of the best wine bars I have ever gone to!!
2	I've been to My Wine Cellar previously & wasn't very impressed with the experience. Since our friends wanted to try it out, we decided to go back. It was not at all busy when we went & were told we could sit at any table. We really wanted to sit outside but were warned that there's a golf course behind the restaurant, thus there is a mosquito problem.We grabbed a table & our waiter came to greet us & take our drink order right away. I thought it was disgusting that he acknowledged that there was a mosquito squashed on the page of the menu but gave it to me anyway. I think that it wouldn't have taken much effort to go grab another menu. It was his first day I guess.We got the Oatmeal Stout beer & the pink Moscato for drinks and the bistro burger & the salmon cakes for our meal. Both of the food dishes were good. The bistro burger was large & filling and the side of fries was also tasty. I think for the price we paid for the salmon cakes, it would've been nice to get an actual side instead of just the spring greens.The service was fine. I've been to wine bars before & enjoyed them more so I doubt we will be back.
5	I decided to go to My Wine Cellar to finish some homework and it was a great experience. I brought my laptop and the staff was more than accommodating. Ann, the bartender for the night, was very friendly. Overall a great experience!
5	I'm here now, enjoying the Maryvale Chardonnay on happy hour, which is an amazing wine that they serve in a red wine glass, and you'll know why when you taste it. I love this place! The staff is friendly, the food is wonderful, I recommend the crab dip..just a really amazing place, with a beautiful patio right on a golf course and truly a wine-hound's little paradise.
5	I love this place. They have such a friendly and welcoming staff. It's my favorite place for date night, and I love the live music on the weekends. They also have great food, my favorite is be buffalo chicken bites
4	This place has a really great wine selection and the staff are super friendly, patient and knowledgeable. I love it here and also really awesome happy hour deals.
5	Love it! Great date night place. Wine, cheese, and meats, how can you go wrong? Love gluten-free options. The live music was great too! I'll be back!
4	I have been here multiple times and the service is always exceptional . The staff is friendly and efficient - definitely recommended for a night out with friends or family to enjoy a glass of wine. Down side is the desert menu :/ which is very slim
4	We sat at the bar and asked for a Wine Flight. My wife wanted her wines and I wanted mine so I went international - an Australian, Chilean, and an Argentinian.  She stayed domestic based off of the bartenders recommendation. We were both very happy with the wine selection. The bruschetta was good too for a quick bite before we hit the nearby movie theater. The service and recommendations were excellent!
5	Loved this place! Great vibe, decor and most importantly wine selection. Outdoor patio, friendly staff and craft beer too. Really cool and cozy place. Spent the entire evening there with friends and enjoyed the food too.  Highly recommend!
