5	Can you review water?  I think so.  I hope so since we're mostly made up of water and so is the Earth.  Great price, service and one heck of a cute dog that will greet you at the door on occasion.
5	I stopped in on a whim, lured in by the signs for a Hawaiian Shaved Ice.  Being a fan and a connoisseur of Shaved Ice, slushes, snow cones, raspados and other predominantly icy treats I am always on the lookout for my next fix. This place has the best shaved ice ever!  I am addicted! I didn't realize what good Ice and good water could do for shaved Ice. On my first visit, I was gifted a gallon of the water with the purchase of my Shaved Ice. This has become my favorite stop for all things water. The water is superb!!  When chilled I swear it stays colder longer and does a much better job of refreshing and quenching my thirst than anything off the tap!  A huge fan of seltzer and Perrier, I started carbonating my own water using this water as my base.  Perrier be damned,  the carbonated water I get using this water is just as good or better. I also buy the bagged ice. Again I swear it freezes harder and improves the taste of any beverage that requires ice. I find myself drinking more water as a result.  The lady who owns and operates the place is very helpful and friendly.  She takes great pride in her water and her whole operation.  Everyone who works here is always very helpful and friendly.   They also offer an after hours filling station just outside their door.  Very convenient!I go out of my way to come here and each time I go to fill my water bottles, I ALWAYS make sure to get a shaved ice.....
5	The shaved ice is amazing!  They have every flavor you can imagine!!!  Outstanding!
5	I've been getting my water here for years. Great water and great service. Also sell other products like shower filters.
5	Love the shaved ice! Lemon and cotton candy are my favorite! The friendly staff make every visit enjoyable.
5	four words:best water in phoenix! that is all.
5	The Water Connection is one of my favorite local businesses in Phoenix. The wonderful woman who runs this water store is truly invested in providing a great product.  I lived at the apartment complex directly behind this establishment for a short while. I went in because it was convenient. My first time in the store I felt like family. She educated me on water, plastic and glass in a no-pressure way.  I ended up finding excuses to come to the store: snow cones, shower filtration, cell food, etc. Now I live in central Phoenix. I gladly make the trip to 40th and Camelback when our family needs water. My 1 year old has had water connection most of his life. I've lived in Phoenix for 31 years and have loyalty to very few places. This is at the top of the list.
5	The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved .
