5	Phoenix Flower Shop did a stellar job on our bridal flowers. Every item looked just  as I had described to the florist and we were even able to pick up a few loose stems at the last minute. Excellent!
5	Extremely professional. Delivered a beautiful flower arrangement in a timely manner.  I will definitely use again and recommend to all!I did it all by phone. Described what I was looking for a voila-they were delivered in less than two hours.
5	Good Quality Flowers. My flowers have lasted longer than other regional commercial flower companies. I am the most pleased with Phoenix Flowers. The quality cant be beat! Also the customer service was great...Hope to see more from this company!
5	I'm not sure which location the arrangement came from but a beautiful bouquet was delivered to my parents house while I was there from the nicest man!! he said he was sorry for out loss and even made mention of a "grampa" bein a "big loss" which made me smile. then as he gave me a little hug he prayed a quick prayer and said his family would keep our family in their thoughts and prayers. I thought it was the nicest thing ever and so personal!!! thank u whoever u are!! and the bouquet that came from my moms wrk friends was gorgeous!!!
1	Looks like a great store, with reasonable prices - I wanted to get a bouquet primarily based on snapdragons.  I priced out what would be reasonable based on the listed prices, and was told that they have a 2.50 fee PER FLOWER to arrange (meaning take out of the container and wrap in paper) - more than doubling the cost.  I was ready to spend 90 bucks for 2 simple bouquets.  I have never experienced a flower shop do this.  Most of the time, I walk into a shop, state what I'd like and a price range l, and they would pick and choose for me, making a beautiful paper wrapped bouquet - and charge the per flower price listed.  The guy at this shop simply said "not going to happen" and walked away.  At least he could have been nicer.Such a shame, it seemed to get good reviews, and is conveniently located.*** turns out the picture I put up was of the wrong guy.  Trying to remove!
1	Bouquet looks nothing like bouquet on website.  Has 4 scraggly stems of orchids in a glass vase.   Would not use again
