1	Read the review in the Republic a few weeks ago and was excited to try this place.  Just went over there, 9 pm on a Saturday night, to find it closed up tight.  The parking lot was empty, the inside deserted and the doors were locked.  There's a "Now Open" banner flapping in the wind and they're supposed to be open until midnight.  What happened????
2	Great area, but not easy to get to. The food was ok, but unseasoned. They weren't able to serve alcohol for the longest time (strange since it is really a sports bar) but I believe they just starting serving beer and wine. Awkward environment, I am not sure I would want to hang out and watch a sporting event there.
4	Stopped in here after finding Seattle's Best Fish & Chips unexpectedly closed due to famiy emergency.  Saw the Lotus sign across the street and decided to try it.Nice decor, LOTS of TVs, big place, eclectic music, not too many patrons.  We tried Happy Hour (1/2 off appetizers and $1 off draft beers).  They have a nice list of draft beers including Kirin (of course).  Sampled coconut shrimp, chicken satay, tempura shrimp (we like shrimp and were sniffling about Seattle's Best being closed), crab rangoon and egg rolls.  Everything was really good and nicely presented.  I even ate the cucumber carrot garnish!  Only clinker was the egg rolls but they aren't a favorite for me anyway.  An error in the bill meant we didn't get HH pricing - had to point that out to our waitress and she gladly adjusted.  Think she missed the beer discount, oh well.Nice change from the beer, burgers & wings at the typical sports bar.  I think they are really trying and the food quality alone warrants a visit.  Come on all you local foodies - stop in and support a local independent.  They need your business and you need to know I'm right about this food.
5	WOW...finally, someone has taken over this space (formerly Versus and before that Native New Yorker) and put some real thought into the food AND the service.  We have been here about 6 times now and the food just keeps getting better and better, and is also very consistent.  High quality ingredients where you can actually taste the difference compared to some of the other Asian joints in the neighborhood.You could come here just based on the quality of the food, but on top of that, they are VERY nice.  The managers/owner always come by to ask you how things are, and what they can do for you or make anything better (and they are sincere about it).  Imagine that, they actually CARE about your dining experience.The other nice thing is that they are sort of an Asian sports bar on one side of the house, and the other side is a bit more quiet restaurant space, so depending on what mood you are in, you can have more of a bar experience (and watch all the games), or you can sit on the other side and have more of a sit down dinning experience.  They have fantastic happy hour deals on food and drinks--  hard to believe how they keep those prices on such good food.The atmosphere is very nice and SUPER CLEAN.  They also do take-out, and unlike some places, the take-out is just as good as if you were eating in the restaurant.  I am waiting for a less than perfectly awesome experience each time I go, but each time I go it just gets better.  Five+ stars--  Keep up the great work!!
5	I had to pick a place to meet someone who worked nearby.  Not being from the area, I turned to Yelp for help.  Boy did Yelp do me right here...  this place was perfect.  GREAT staff, wonderful food, super reasonable prices, and loads of TV's.  I was there on a Friday night from 5 - 7:30 and I can't figure out why this place isn't busier.  I will be returning on my monthly business trips to PHX.  They have a great happy hour that includes cheap drinks and food choices.  I really had zero complaints about this place.
4	Stopped by for our first time. Server was very friendly and helpful. Happy is crazy good $3 kirin sake bombers  Appetizer calamari was the best we ever had. Entrees we had were Kung pao and a seafood dish. Both very tasty.   Would go back for sure.
5	Wow!  What a hidden secret this place is...  Slightly tucked away near Via Linda and 90th St. and a little difficult to get to, but it's so worth it.  The restaurant is HUGE!  There are two sides so they can accommodate large parties.  Our server, Hunter, was an absolute doll and knowledgeable about the food.  He recommended a couple appetizers and he hit it dead on.  We had the calamari, which came lightly batter. The crab rangoon has so much flavor and seemed like it was made fresh rather than microwaved in bulk.  It was served warm and stayed warm.  The egg rolls were the best my dad has ever had (and trust me he's had A LOT!).  I could go on and on....just try it.  The happy hour looked phenomenal with $5 small plates and plenty of drink specials.  There are so many items on the menu that I'd like to try.  We will definitely be back.
5	Excellent food ... try the Chicken Almond Rolls.Friend and quick service.
5	Hidden gem, but right off the express way, so all those returning back to north Scottsdale have no excuse to not swing by and give this wonderful place a try. The waitress Shana was very attentive and sincere, the owner stops by to make sure everything is fine. Very hospitable. The music selection was fun and upbeat! The owner knows how to run a business: Clean, very attractive asian decor and sports mix. Black table linens and white cloth napkins, along with lovely heavy silverware makes it feel upscale. And of course, a jersey of Yao's on the wall! The food is better than Jade Palace, Flos and PF Changs, and what a deal. Happy hour and lunch specials can't be beat! I ordered the shrimp Kung pao with lots of good veggies and the heat did not overwhelm the dish, nor did the sauce take away from the flavor of the shrimp. It has been so long since I ate somewhere and could actually taste the flavor of the shrimp until today!  The egg drop soup was great and my husband's dish of shrimp and rice was very filling, flavorful and healthy! I'd eat here more often but I live and work in Fountain Hills. The locals business employees need to check this place out!
5	We just love this place- the food is excellent!  Service is the best!
4	Fast, hot food. Great service. Spicy means spicy. Great experience overall. I think I'll try the curry next time.
3	Disappointed given the previous reviews. Had the Korean beef, which was tough and terribly salty. Ate in the bar, which was admittedly busy, but the service was terrible (maybe cause I'm female?). The tv's are even small & hard to see, for a supposed sports bar!
5	Came for the wings...they have 5 variations and we did the Yo and Bangkok...awesome!  Owner very friendly and coming back to try the other three very soon.
4	A chinese sports bar?!  What a great idea!  Nothing cures a hangover better than some chinese food and another drink....(oh...did I say that out loud?)Seriously, love this place.  Great drink specials, good food, not overly breaded.  And they participate in the Rapid Rewards dining program- I love earning Southwest miles eating out!  You rock!
1	out of business
4	Really good Orange Chicken
5	Great place! One of the few places in Phoenix with a good indoor temperature. Good food, low prices, tv screens.. Great for weekend lunch!
