4	Small hole in the wall plae with big portions and tiny prices... And it tastes good.  What more could you want from breakfast?
3	Cash onlyYou'd never find this place if you weren't looking for it - a tiny little diner near the hospital. Their hours are somewhat erratic, I believe they're closed Fridays and only open until 1 on Saturday. Upon entering you're greeted with a prominent view of the kitchen(One guy cooking on what appears to be a standard stove), a breakfast bar that seats about 15, and about 10 tables that could seat 2-4.  We sat ourselves at one of the few open tables, the people inside were a few senior couples, one lone older man at the counter, and a young couple. Just about everyone seemed to be a regular and know each other by name. Their menu lists breakfast and lunch, with most of their 'a la carte' breakfast items being a few bucks each, and their breakfast plates being about $5. I got an egg sandwich with homefries and coffee for $5, my girlfriend got 2 eggs with toast, homefries, and juice for $6. My girlfriend asked if instead of meat she could get cheese and the eggs scrambled. When the waitress took the order back the guy behind the counter started at the slip in a "what the hell?" kind of way but didn't complain.Our food arrived in less than 5 minutes, a large plate which had a sizable amount of food on it considering the price, and very few frills. Our coffee was kept full and our order was correct, no items having been forgotten. None of the food was notably good, but it was all tasty and had a "homecooked"("rustic"?) feel to it. Also, bonus points that the eggs and homefries we were served were not dripping in industrial butter-like oil.A point worth noting is that while our waitress was very nice to us, it appears they are happy to tell it to you like it is, telling and older man who seemed to be a regular after quite a bit of chit-chat that if he couldn't finish his meal by 1pm then he ought to not bother ordering.  For $11 and a tip we got a  2 decently sized breakfasts, juice, coffee, and extremely quick service. $6 is about as expensive as anything in there is, so I'm sure we'll be in here on many weekend mornings in the future.
4	Rocky's is a cool little place on Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield.  Not many tables, though.  Food is good, prices are cheap.  Most of the breakfast specials include the cost of your drink in the price.  So my breakfast, a tasty bagel sandwich with egg, bacon and cheese was $5.34.  And that included both home fries and my coffee.  The cook was our waiter but my cup was never empty.  I'll return for more.
2	Very disappointed. Order a  diet pop.  The glass had tons of ice.  Then the pop has a very flat taste.  I wondered if it came from a bottle that had been sitting for awhile.  Again I am wondering, but the pop was strange. My lunch was average, if even that.  I generally leave a large tip at places.  Here I only left 20%.  This place is filled with ugly gossip.  The owner joins in the conversations.  There is an awesome man who sits at one of the window seats.  I think his name is Bill.  Very sweet guy.  I think he is borderline mentally challenged.  He always has many kind things to say.  This place is a couple foot steps from the transits to downtown, breakfast are okay, but not worth a trip of going out of your way.
3	Cheap, fast, and simple.Coffee was a little weak but my bagel, egg, ham, and cheese sandwich was greasy and delicious (just the way I like it)
3	I heard that "The Earth without Art is just Eh."Well there is no art in this cooking but it is cheap and a "real" neighborhood experience. I eat here every once in a while and though I wouldn't recommend it to people, I would bring them there with me.These people have been here forever and when they run out of something they simply tell you "nope". When they run out of lot of things... they close.I hope they are here forever and ever.
