4	Hallelujah, there is a new option for all the GF (gluten-free) folks in Pittsburgh! I went to the grand opening today, and waited in line with many other eager customers to try to goodies available at the new bakery. Today was the first day of business, so I will cut them some slack for a bumpy start (there was a very large turnout of customers!). Nevertheless, the owners and staff were VERY friendly and eager to please customers (they gave out samples and chatted with customers who waited patiently). I had a chance to sample some delicious GF/WF cupcakes and delicious chocolate chip cookies. I bough two loaves of fresh-made GF bread (still warm from the oven), and the prices aren't too bad. Things aren't cheap, but the cost is fair, considering the dietary benefit. The bakery is small, but it looks like Gluuteny will be putting out some fantastic GF products (special order cakes, pies, pound cakes, cupcakes, bread, cookies, etc). Whether you are on a GF diet or not, this is a great place to stop by for a treat! I'll definitely be back!
5	YUMMY!  The staff was friendly and offered samples to this GF gal!  I went on a weekday and I was the only one here!  The brownies were amazing!  They sell loaves of bread here, but unfortunately there is no bread slicer.  That's ok, I can survive!  I loved the cookies!  The cranberry orange muffins were more sweet, almost like cake!  Overall, a great experience!  I love the fact that I moved from Chi to Pittsburgh and was able to find a GF bakery so close!  YIPPEE!!!!  Yum...Yum....  Yummy in the tummy!  OK...so maybe I am high off the sweetness of the cran-orange muffin!
3	I'm from Seattle and I was in Pittsburgh/Squirrel Hill to visit my daughter who is attending grad school there.  We visited this bakery with high hopes.  My daughter and I bought two berry turnovers, an iced sugar cookie, and two pumpkin tarts/cups.The pumpkin tarts were decent enough but the frosted sugar cookie was outstanding.The fruit pastries were terrible!  Both my daughter and I found thecrust to be chewy, dry, and bland.  We both wondered if the baker hadforgotten to add the shortening, vanilla, and sugar that day.Perhaps I hit the bakery on an off day.  That being said, I cannot rave about it since I have had much better elsewhere. Stick withthe frosted sugar cookies and you won't go wrong.
5	As someone who has celiac disease I cannot speak loudly enough about how ecstatic I was when I found out this place was opening.  Let me first say, gluten-free living is not always a lifestyle choice, it can be due to medical reasoning such as celiac disease so not everyone is doing it as a fad...some people have to do this for the rest of their life and having a dedicated bakery is a dream come true because there isn't as high of a risk for cross contamination like there is everywhere else.Their baked goods are absolutely amazing.  I wasn't as impressed with their bread/buns, but the pastries more than made up for it.  I have had numerous iced sugar type cookies, fruit turnovers, and various other sweets that they have baked and each item has exceeded my expectations of gluten-free food.  I've tasted various other gluten-free delicacies from other stores that were not fresh baked or were pre-packaged and they cannot even compare to the heaven I feel in my mouth when I eat from Gluuteny.I had a birthday cake from them this past November of 2008 and it was excellent.  I actually teared up because of how good it was.  It has been years since I've been able to indulge in a birthday cake.  The cake was moist just like a normal cake and the icing was sweet.  It wasn't the dry or crumbling disaster that most gluten-free foods are.  Not to mention it was beautifully decorated!  I will definitely consider them for my wedding cake.  In fact, reminiscing about it right now has made me want to order another!The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  I've always been greeted with a pleasant employee in a very nice atmosphere.  Every time I've visited, there have been several free samples to try and different new pastries.  This is especially important for those of you who do not want to waste money on something that you do not know for sure if you will like.  I've had this issue before when buying pre-packaged food from other stores in the area, I pay ten dollars for something and find out that I do not like it.  Not at Gluuteny!  You can even ask for samples and the employees are happy to assist!Of course, there is a trade off...the price.   Things are a bit higher priced than you would think because most of you are used to buying cheap non-gluten-free foods; that's just how most gluten-free food is.  However, this gluten-free food is definitely worth the price as opposed to the pre-packaged stuff I mentioned before.  My non-gluten-free boyfriend even loves their stuff!
5	I was pleased to happen upon this gem of a bakery while on a recent visit from Michigan. Pumpkin tarts, coffee cake, and whoopie pie were all AMAZING, and put a big smile on this gluten-free gal's face.
4	I end up at Gluuteny every single time I visit Squirrel Hill because I want to love this bakery, and now that I've tried almost all their offerings in the way of prepared goods I can safely say, "It's okay."  Their brownies ($2.50) are the best thing they make in my book: they're better than most "normal" brownies. So good they don't taste gluten-free? Hell yeah, I'll make that claim!The pumpkin and lemon loafs ($5) are addictive: I ate one small loaf in a day...by myself...and then I ate another one...don't judge me! The pumpkin tart ($2.50) is also really good.The muffins ($2) come in blueberry, orange cranberry and chocolate chip, and are on the spongy side but their flavor is spot on. The cookies ($2), however, aren't done right; the sugar cookies are slathered in what can only be described as a suspicious amount of frosting. The other varieties, like chocolate chip and walnut chocolate chip, are just too crunchy to be enjoyable. What can I say? I like soft cookies.If you're gluten-free this is a good place to stock up on pizza crust and pancake mixes, bread, muffins or any other pastry mix your heart desires; the lady in front of me bought fifty bucks worth of stuff!The girls behind the counter that rock some of the cutest haircuts in all of PGH are willing to answer any questions or explain that you need to cook the pizza at a higher temperature to get the crust the right texture. Plus, you can order birthday cakes.
4	I am very excited to have learned of this bakery today. My boyfriend grandmother has celiacs and she is always sad when she sees people eating bread and cupcakes because it is so difficult for her to find places that serve gluten free pastries and breads. For mothers day we are going to bring her some goodies from here that I know she will enjoy! They have a white and whole grain bread, blueberry muffins, apple crumb cakes, sugar cookies, chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes with and without frosting, wedding cakes, pizza crusts and much much more!Is it a little pricey? Maybe...but for the quality and a smile on grandma's face I'll pay!
3	Just had my first gluuteny cupcake. Very good! This cupcake was vegan and I find that vegan baked goods tend to be try but it was quite moist. No big wow but I think it's much better than some of the more traditional bakeries on the street. I look forward to trying some of their other products.
5	I don't know what exactly gluten is, but clearly you don't need it to make some of the most scrumptious baked goods I've ever tasted.Going off tips from fellow Yelpers, I first tried a brownie. It was so rich and fudgy delicious I wish I would have bought more than one.  Thank goodness I still had a gob to enjoy. I decided to go with the mint creamy filling - definitely the right choice.  The gob was even better than the brownie.  Lastly I tried the chocolate chip cookies, despite mixed reviews.  They weren't my favorite thing, but they were still better than I expecteded, walnuts included. My only criticism would be the cookies could have used more chocolate chips.  But even so, the cookie were big and soft and perfect with a glass of milk.I've recommended Gluttony to both vegan and meat-eating friends alike and I can't wait to go back myself.
5	As a newly gluten-free (due to a medical condition) Pittsburger, I am so happy to have found Gluuteny Bakery.  I made my first stop in today to try a chocolate chip cookie. I was super excited to find out that I can still have a delicous, moist and chewy cookie on this diet. It was the best thing I have found since I went GF. I will be back whenever I am in Squirrel Hill.
4	Just bought a cake for my friend from here for her birthday (and a pizza dough mix) and I absolutely loved it! I try to eat GF when I can and sometimes buying a dessert that is GF is always a bit nerve-wracking because often times they are terrible. I was pleasantly surprised! The only downfall is that it's pricey. The smallish, round cake was $40 and couldn't have served a lot of people, but it's definitely a recommendation!
3	I am extremely grateful for this bakery, mainly for the flour mixes (all-purpose, waffle, cake, etc) and pre-baked breads that I used for stuffings and such. However, I have found all of the desserts overwhelmingly sweet. I have tried the pumpkin cookies, brownies and the Yule Log, and I couldn't eat any of them. If you like insanely sugary things, you'll love them, but I couldn't make it through 2 bites. Just be aware of that. Otherwise, awesome stop for your gluten-free needs.
2	I have had very nice staff wait on me and I would like to say well done to them for that.  They recently did a birthday cake for me which was quite a head scratcher for them, but they did they did their best and overall the decoration hit the mark, for which I was grateful. On the downside: - when cut, loaves of bread have not risen and had that leaden, wet layer at the bottom of the loaf. If I can avoid that as a home baker, I expect better from a professional bakery. - My mother bought me a small loaf of bread on the 20th and by the 24th it was covered in mold. That seems wrong, especially as we were counting on using it at dinner. - The filling in the above birthday cake somehow contained coconut. My mother ordered it - she can't take coconut, nor can several others in my family and I just wonder what happened there with that order. - I also tried the pizza pockets. It was not a hit. I would have preferred tomato sauce or oil and spices to fake cheese. Something a bit more creative than a straight 1-1 substitution. I want to like you Gluuteny. I really do. But your prices are very high, Your staff, while nice, don't seem to adhere to the strictest of cleanliness guidelines and your products are inconsistent. I am happy when I see your cookies at local coffee shops, but then I must pass them up as $3.50 is far too much to spend on a single cookie.
1	Recently I recommended this place to my Sister, bc I had heard good things. She ordered a b day cake with very specific instructions which they agreed to. When we picked it up, it was a hot mess- with blue and gold ropes and white icing piped all over the place. Not the simple dark color, smooth chocolate she asked for. She told them then it was not to her liking, & they apologized. She tried to contact the owner in a second attempt for them to fix the issue. Again the same mgr apologized and that was it. Not good business for such a specialized market !What has happened to customer service?Never again, very disappointed.
4	Gluten, wheat, AND dairy free! It's so great to have this bakery as an option so everyone can enjoy delicious desserts. Absolute necessity.  The only thing is that it is a little more expensive than your average bakery.
4	I was sitting in class the other day, thinking "Cream cookie sandwich, you will be mine", after catching a glimpse of a photo of it somewhere.So after the school week was over, I marched into Gluuteny Bakery with my classmate and ordered that cream cookie sandwich, along with a pink frosted sugar cookie, and a pumpkin tart. I had deprived myself over the week and needed, wanted more? Granted, prices are a little steeper than your normal bakery shop, but I'm sure it's because of the selective ingredients and possibly more bake time. Whatever, I'm okay with it.Okay, well, I ate the sugar cookie almost immediately and thought it to be quite fluffy and the frosting was not at all overwhelming. Later that evening, I ate that cream cookie sandwich and it was so worth it. It's like eating cupcake frosting sandwiched between two soft chocolate chip cookies. Well, that's exactly what it is. Yum! I wanted more. But I have to suppress my fatty desires. The following day, I ate the pumpkin tart, after I had refrigerated it, and it was like a mini pumpkin pie. Quite tasty.Overall, I think I'll be back. But I may have to pace myself because I could see why coming back on a weekly or even twice a month basis could be dangerous.
2	I understand compromises must be made when making cakes without flour (must add lots of sugar). That being said, the 3 10-inch cakes I ordered for a party turned out well, but not great.Of the 3 cakes I ordered--(1) carrot cake with cheese cake icing, (2) chocolate cake with raspberry filling and chocolate icing, and (3) almond cake with vanilla icing and sprinkled with slivered almonds--the chocolate cake turned out best.I was pleased with the cakes' taste, but most disappointed with the way they are decorated. The ordinary decoration makes the cakes look like they were purchased purchased from Costco or Sam's Club!
4	I can only speak to their brownies, but what I can say is that you would never ever know they are gluten free! They're ooey, they're gooey and they're goooood! I wish I could say they were also "healthy" but hey, we can't have it all!I don't need to be gluten free but I will happily come in and try any and all sweets from them! Good to know that they also make pre-packaged mixes you can take home to make on your own. You know those sweets you've had that are gluten free and you can totally tell something is missing? Don't worry, that will not happen here! You'll never miss it!It's a tiny little storefront, but it's got a ton of flavor packed in it!
5	The bakery from here is simply hands-down excellent. We get it catered to work regularly, and I often prefer it to the in-house gluten+dairy options.The muffins, cookies, and donuts (though they don't look great) are fantastic. I'm so excited for a celiac relative to come to town so I can take her to this place.
1	Gluuteny tastes great and offers a good selection of baked goods but I don't think it is worth the health risk of consuming partially hydrogenated oils (TRANS FAT), mono-and diglycerides, and any other additives they use. I had never asked to read an ingredient list when walking in to the store because I loved that the goods were GF and CF. Then I bought a packaged good at a retailer of  Gluuteny products. The packaged good listed the ingredients and I saw that these horrible food additives were used. I emailed to share my concern for these less-than-desirable ingredients. I never heard back. Trans fats and mono-and diglycerides are harmful and are found in all sorts of highly processed, packaged foods. Gluten-conscious and vegan individuals are usually more concerned with their health, thus many try to avoid consuming such low quality ingredients. Please consider asking them to change their ingredients. Until they change, I will continue to buy my occasional sweet treat at Whole Foods, where harmful additives are not used.
1	Gluuteny tastes great and offers a good selection of baked goods but I don't think it is worth the health risk of consuming partially hydrogenated oils (TRANS FAT), mono-and diglycerides, and any other additives they use. I had never asked to read an ingredient list when walking in to the store because I loved that the goods were GF and CF. Then I bought a packaged good at a retailer of  Gluuteny products. The packaged good listed the ingredients and I saw that these horrible ingredients were used. I emailed to share my concern for these less-than-desirable ingredients. I never heard back. Trans fats and mono-and diglycerides are harmful and are found in all sorts of highly processed, packaged foods. Gluten-conscious and vegan individuals are usually more concerned with their health, thus many try to avoid consuming such low quality ingredients. Please consider asking them to change their ingredients. Until they change, I will continue to buy my occasional sweet treats at a place where harmful additives are not used.
1	I just purchased a chocolate chip cookie from here, and a single cookie contains an appalling 3 grams of trans fats! Never buying anything from here again.
5	This place is wonderful!! The gobs are amazing. We've used the pumpkin loaf mix and it was fantastic. We haven't been disappointed yet. :)
1	Completely nasty, unhealthy ingredients no one should be eating, even in moderation.  Margarine, shortening with hydrogenated oil, preservatives, artificial flavors... you may as well eat Little Debbies and call your doctor to schedule your future heart surgery.  I have to say, at least they don't claim to be healthy, but slapping "vegan" on it obviously doesn't mean healthy.  Don't be fooled.  Also some cupcakes are severely dry.  Fail.
5	Wonderful gluten free bakery.  I'm a big fan of their frosted brownie ( dont know its legitimate name but if you go... you;ll see it).  Also, i got one of their mini pumpkin pies for thanksgiving.... yeah the family loved it and raved about the crust for days.  Staff are always very very friendly and helpful!
4	Great place for vegans to get their sinful pleasure on. Their vegan selections changes by the season so that vegans won't get bored of having the same thing over and over.
5	Best executed GF/vegan baked goods I have found in many cities and states. Cake is consistently moist, icing is well balanced, and they have great variety. Sure, it would be nice if they could accomplish the same great taste with 100% "healthy" ingredients in every single product, but they're not marketing themselves this way or hiding anything. In fact, the employees are always more than happy to answer an abundance of questions about ingredients and dietary concerns so you can choose the products with ingredients you're comfortable with. Every time I've been in here, there is at least one person who is experiencing the joy of having baked goods they can eat for the first time, and a friendly employee at the counter patiently and happily helping them think through which one to pick. This place simply makes the best tasting baked goods for people with special dietary needs, and they're doing a 5-star job of that.
