5	If you have ever read a single word I've written and didn't believe it, now is time to start. These guys changed my life. I cannot express that with enough emphasis. They literally changed my life. You know that thing about you that you can't really shake the feeling of hating? Hopefully most of you don't have it but I suspect a lot of people do... You know, you're like, god, I'm so awesome except for this one little thing. I hated my teeth for years. Like, hated. Hated smiling. Hated pictures. Hated hated hated. They weren't even that horrible but I'm such a teeth snob about women I was sure there was no way anyone could find me attractive with my two stragglers. And then in my LATE teens my parents agreed to pay for braces. Greatest blessing of my life. So we went to three or four consultations and the orthodontists performed various tests and we received quotes that ranged from $10,000 to $40,000. Most of them said I would need surgery to fix my alignment issues. Most importantly we just didn't click with any of the docs. So we got a referral to Drs. Steig and Wachtel and the stars, in fact, aligned. They were the least expensive and offered the most logically sound solution. No crazy jaw realignment surgeries. No craziness at all. I seriously could not recommend them more. Everyone in their office is super friendly. They walk you through the process. Answer all your questions. I'm not sure if they still do it (I'm assuming they do) but they used to work out a payment plan. Seriously top notch in every way. The joy that I experienced after my braces came off was almost inspiring enough to make me want to become an orthodontist. It brought me more joy than any other event or series of events that have ever occurred in my life. When all was said and done, I felt like a new human. They told me later that they took my original impressions to their industry night where they talk about tough cases. Their colleagues all agreed I needed surgery. And then they busted out my final impressions gansta style and blew away their colleagues with the course of treatment. These guys are brilliant. If you don't like your teeth, you will after the guys get done with you.
5	This is such a friendly practice, the staff are all so helpful. With 2 busy active teenagers they are always willing to adjust your appointments and never give you an attitude if you need to change things around. In addition my 3rd child has been in for consultations at no charge, assessing her orthodontia needs.Both Dr. Steig and Dr. Wachtel remember my kids and ask them specific questions about what is going on in their lives. Just a great 'personal touch' that is lost in some Dr. offices nowadays. Highly recommend Steig and Wachtel Orthodontics!
5	Short Version: Go to Dr. Steig, pay him whatever he asks for, do exactly what he says,  HE'S WORTH IT.Long Version:The Office: Immaculate, relaxing, very open and airy. I go to the downtown Scottsdale, centrally located. I've been to the North Scottsdale office too, it's like a spa. Nice warm colors, beautifully decorated.  All in all a great physical place.The Fabulous Office Staff: AH-MAZING!! Let me just say, I'll be getting my braces removed in a couple of months and I'm already having anxiety about what I'll do with out these ladies lol. Seriously, I actually look forward to chatting up with these girls. They're so friendly and welcoming. You can really tell they enjoy what they do and enjoy working with each other. Makes a HUGE difference.The Doctor: This man right here..... KNOWS what he's doing. He is VERY confident in what he does (not cocky... although he definitely has a right to be) so he makes you feel very secure that you're going to look gorgeous when he's done with you. He's also has a very relaxed but focused personality. Just and all around great person. I posted some pictures of my "grill" before and now that we're 2/3's of the way through the process... that should be enough to drop what you're doing and call him immediately. BUT if it isn't let me give you a few more reasons....  The Experience: When I went in for my consultation, he was extremely professional, didn't try to sell me a bunch of stuff. He took some panoramic X-rays, and pictures of my smile, explained in detail how he would transform my smile from "meh" to "Daannnnggggg girl". After reading Dallas G.'s review I was pretty hype.... Anyway, the finance guru sat down with me to talk cost.... gave me the option of using the metal braces or the clear ones and the price difference but again, not salesy at all... more like option 1 cost X and option 2 cost Y.  I paid the bill and got the party started!Every single visit I was always welcome with warm friendly smiling faces, seriously felt like I was attending a girls book club or something ... (well Dr. Steig isn't a girl but you catch the drift). The girls and the Doc explained in great detail what the next steps were, what i should expect, what they were going to do, how my teeth would be manipulated. They all know they're stuff.  I NEVER had to wait for any of my appointments, I literally would walk in and before my butt actually hit the chair one of the girls would be walking me back to the chair. I was in an out in a reasonable time and NEVER had an issue with scheduling appointments.  I stuck to the program and I kept progressing as promised.This is important:WHATEVER HE TELLS YOU TO DO, DO IT.... RELIGIOUSLY! If you're thinking about going to this place stop thinking and just do it, it's seriously will be the best investment you will make in yourself. He's a perfectionist and it definitely shows. I have a couple of colleagues who have recently completed their treatment  with a different doctor and their teeth still look jacked... now I know you definitely don't want to be that guy/girl that paid a grip to get your teeth fixed and you still come out looking like roger the rabbit...
5	Dr. Wachtel and staff are top notch. They are professional, friendly and very knowledgeable in their field. I also appreciate their appointment availability including late afternoons and some Saturdays. As a working lady, I need this kind of flexibility to establish a good relationship with any office. It is no easy task to walk in to an orthodontist's office as an adult -- it can be intimidating and it is a big step to undergo treatment. Dr. Wachtel is well worth the cost and I am so excited to start my Invisalign adventure!
5	We came to Dr. John Wachtel after two prolonged and expensive sessions with Dr. Phil Santucci. Dr. Santucci refused to use a permanent retainer on my son, so the teeth kept moving and necessitating repeats of the braces, always at additional cost. Dr Wachtel straightened the teeth perfectly in a matter of months, provided permanent wired retainers to cover and hold the teeth while my son was studying overseas, and provided backup removable retainers in case the wire came lose. Very positive, very warm personal care from him and the office staff, and it was like their goal was to do it right, promptly, with a minimum of cost, instead of finding the most expensive most involved solution as we had experienced before. In fact, because he realized how much money we had needlessly wasted before, he did this for us at an extremely discounted rate, something he certainly didn't need to do. The quality of the work and the outcome was his concern, not the money. A far different manner than what we had experienced before. We highly recommend him, if you want it done right in a caring and reasonable way.
