1	My wife went there to get the car waxed. Came home with the dried wax all over the car. Don't waste your time or money.
3	The cleaning was OK. All you have to say NO to upgrades. Its expensive if you dont have a groupon coupon.
1	My husband took our 1 year old car to get detailed. The mats were a little dirty and we wanted to keep it looking nice. We paid $80 for a "detail", which included wash, wax and shampoo of mats. When my husband got home and I saw the car, I was furious! The car wasn't completely clean, the rims were still dirty, the floors had not been vacuumed and there was still dust on the interior of the car. I decided to take the car back the next day to have them fix the shoddy job. The matts were in the back of the car "drying" and when I went to put them back the next day I saw they were SOAKING wet, and FILTHY! They were actually dirtier than when we brought them in!! Apparently they don't clean the mats with a hand held shampooer, but put them through a "shampooing machine". Well, this machine left "poo" on our mats alright! There was dark brown dirt/ mud streaks all over them. AND they smelled! The only thing I could think of was that while in this machine all of the filth off of other peoples mats apparently got transferred to our mats. When we returned I tried to keep my cool (on behalf of my husband) and was civil to the manager about the terrible job they did with our car. He apologized and agreed to redo the car and mats. While the inside was cleaner the second time, the mats were permanently stained, and due to the water saturation the emblems on the mats began to lift. The mats now have a permanent musty, mildew, dirty smell that makes me angry every time I get in the car. DO NOT get your car detailed here. I'm still mad about paying for a terrible service that will actually end up costing me money to get my smelly mats replaced...BUYER BEWARE!!
3	I got a groupon for this place.  This is the 2nd location I tried.  I think they all operate differently.  For one thing, the other one (25th Ave and Camelback) had me sit in the car as it went through the automatic wash and then I had to drive it to the covered location for the guys to dry.  This one I didn't.  I waited till it went through and then someone drove it to the guys to dry.  My experience wasn't as bad as the others.  They didn't try to upgrade me at all.  The guy who took my order was nice and so was the cashier.  Prices are def. dif. depending on the location.  The first one was around $12 for the Ultimate wash and this location was charging $28!!!  Wow.  Of course, the areas are very dif. so that has something to do with it.  But I wouldn't pay $28.  That's too much.When I went, there were two cars getting dried.  Once they left, all three guys worked on mine since I was the only one.  Made for a quick dry so can't complain.  Not a bad job either.  Not great either.  But not bad.  If I had paid $28 though, then I would have really been upset.
1	Went for complete detail and asked to be called when they had finished. 5 hours later I go to check on my car and was told its been sitting waiting for an hour already with no call. The worst part is that there was still dirt in the vents, grass particles in the carpet, and the seats didn't look any cleaner than when I took them the car. They didn't wax the exterior, clean between the rims struts, or even dry the windows. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. After arguing with the ticket writer, who by the way said he was the manager and wasn't, the manager gave me another full detail voucher. IT WILL NOT BE USED. My 2011 WRX will be detailed by true professional next time. Not a car wash detail place, never again.
1	This place is slower than the DMV, absolutely filthy and rundown (contemplated getting a tetanus shot). l Had a coupon for $24.99 oil change and carwash, which included the Oil, Filter and Base car wash.  After the mechanic (I use this term loosely) was done with the car he told me that it would be an additional $13 for the oil filter.  When I asked him why he stated that the car used a canister filter and those where not included in the oil change.  For anyone who is not a "mechanic", every production car in the country uses some sort of canister oil filter, so, of course I was dumb founded as to why my 2011 Kia Sorento's oil filter would somehow be different than every other canister filter (besides size).  After 2 min of arguing about how I wasn't paying for a second filter when the coupon, sign and banners in front of the building clearly state that the filter is included, they removed the charge.  Once I was finally done with the "mechanic" I had the pleasure of dealing with the cashier who was about as inept at customer service as you can imagine.  Not sure if she spoke English since she barely said two words to me at a volume that would rival a mouse fart.  In all seriousness, this is the worst car wash I have ever been to.
1	If you have a groupon or discount card or anything... listen to all these reviews and go to a different Francis and Sons location. My cousin kindly gave me her pre-paid Ultimate Carwash Card after noticing how filthy my car was inside and out. The Ultimate is worth $28 so you expect quality cleaning.  The front guy was nice. Told him I wanted Ultimate, which made him happy and even kinder. My car goes through the wash and I get my car back in like 10-15 minutes. As I drive away, I remember my cousin told me the insides of my car will look shiny and conditioned and my wheels oiled and shiny.... I look around and notice, my car still looks pretty filthy inside. Dust on the surfaces. Small dried rose petal pieces still on my dashboard, trash still in my side door pockets, and my extra shoes in my car on my car seats. Tires look unchanged... and my car didn't have any vanilla scent. Yep, they totally just gave me a crappy Basic wash.So... I go back and talk to the same guy that I requested an Ultimate and told him I didn't get the Ultimate. He asks to see my receipt (which made me annoyed because the receipt only says 'pre-paid car wash and I specifically asked the cashier lady to write Ultimate on the receipt just in case anything happened but she said I didn't need to), so when the guy doesn't see Ultimate on the receipt, he makes me go find the manager to talk to him. I talk to the manager and he says he'll now personally finish doing whatever else the Ultimate entailed and double check to make sure everything was done. 5 minutes later, he's done, I get back inside my car and inside looks shiny but you can easily tell that he went quickly as around the edges of the door handles since they weren't shiny, there was still dried petals on my dashboard, and still trash in my side pockets. Feeling done with the poor quality of service, I just left.
1	Bad car wash, even worse is how they treat your car. Went several times bc I bought the series passes when I first moved here. Car wash got worse and worse each visit and then they scratched the side of my car and I couldn't "prove it." I have left over prepaid passes I will never use. Don't trust them.
2	So I was in need of a carwash and Google closest one to me and that is how I ended up here. Carwash tunnel was closed due to repairs so they hand washed my car. I was the only customer in the entire place.  Guess everyone else knew they were going through a repair job. I paid $7.99 and I got a carwash that was up to my standards for $7.99. Place is definitely old and in need of an interior remodeling for customer to sit and wait.  But other than that it's ok....not jumping up and down excited but I accomplished what I set out to do...... Wash My Car.
1	This place is horrible in every sense of the word. The "mechanic" that did my oil change... I believe his name was Vega, is rude and not very good at listening. He came out to explain to me what he needed to do since my check engine light was on. He only told me that my oil was 2000 miles over the recommended 3000 mile limit and that the transmission fluid was black and should be flushed. Well he failed to mention that since my car was older and hadn't had regular transmission flushes, that it isn't necessarily a good idea to flush it. But because he wanted to jack up my cost and also get his own money he made it sound like it NEEDED to be done. Shame on me for not doing my research before I let him touch the transmission. Following these services my car began to stall upon coming to a complete stop. At first I was furious because I thought that these "mechanics" had messed up my car completely. Well it was not anything that was directly related to what they did, instead it was due to a large leak in one of my vacuum hoses that they COMPLETELY MISSED. Unless someone physically forces you to go to this place you should avoid it like the plague.
1	WARNING!! They do not take responsibility! $1500.00 car wash. My truck had a tiny crack in the side plastic panel that makes up the entire rear side . It was underneath and not noticeable, at first glance.  Someone at this location did notice it, so he put a piece of tape on it, because he was concerned about more damage. He DID NOT WARN ME! I would have not gotten it washed! After the damage was done he came in a got me and showed me what they had done. So my $20.00 was more important to them than my truck. They are refusing responsibility. The GM  "Tiger" would only refer me to the sign that says that they don't take responsibility. I hope this crappy business gets everything they deserve. I am not done pursuing this. Look out Tiger, if I have my way you might lose your Christmas bonus!
3	It's a good car wash, with attention to detail. I just wish the inside was cleaner and less cluttered. I sat on a hard chair, b/c the soft ones looked really dirty and used. I thought it was strange that there was a huge massage chair in the waiting area as well. IEventually I went outside to sit in the cold b/c I couldn't take the weird smell inside.I will return for the car wash, but will not sit inside until it's cleaned.  I looked behind me on the window seal and it was FILTHY! It honestly looked like it had not been cleaned in months. I looked behind the toy machine and it was even worse. I'm sorry, but clean your establishment please.
