3	This might not be entirely fair but I want to share a little history of the Beaver Club.  Back in the 70's this place was top notch.  One of my wife's favorite restaurants.  That was a time when the Queen Elizabeth Hotel had a half dozen excellent restaurants down along the concourse.  Years later the whole complex was scaled back or closed.The Beaver Club was cut back in space by 50% or more and went from top notch to tacky under different operators.I can see from the new web site that the space has been transformed to its original elegance.  Can't wait to go back and try the menu.
5	I was here when the exchange rate was a bit more favorable, so my excellent experience was had at a steal.  The atmosphere was polished, and, strangely, quaint, the service was very attentive, and the price was quite reasonable.My flank steak, cooked on a bed of fresh spinach leaves, heaped over potatoes, was cooked exactly as I asked (med-rare), and the portions were generous.  The chocolate mousse was rich and delicate, and the whipped cream was, of course, homemade.What really stood out here was the coffee service.  Never in my life have I had a better, or more memorable, coffee experience, while dining.  For under $3, I was brought an apparatus- the only way I can describe it.  OK, to be more specific, coffee was served in a brass coffee brewer that operated from a candle, and, over the course of 10 minutes, brewed, filtered and poured (by front spigot) 3.5 mugs of fresh coffee, right at the table.  The coffee was accompanied by an entire tray of accessories, including three types of sugar, homemade whipped cream, two typed of shaved chocolate, etc.  As someone who usually drinks my coffee black (if the quality warrants it), I couldn't help but try some of everything.  It was exquisite.  The complementary chocolate truffles were a nice finishing touch (though, there were so many of them, I might have skipped dessert, had I known).This restaurant will always be on my to do list for any trip to Montreal.
5	This was a great experience, from beginning to end. My boyfriend had gone to Montreal (from NYC) for a bachelor party a while back, and being foodies, the boys had tried to get a reservation, to no avail.So, when we headed up to Montreal with friends for Labor Day, we made reservations three weeks in advance for Saturday night.Located in the Fairmont hotel, the restaurant itself looks less fancy than I would have thought - very hotel restaurant-y.  Yet the service and food was excellent, from beginning to end.  Appetizer:  They first brought each of us a small bite of salmon, which was unexpected, and as good as a small, uncooked piece of salmon can be.  For the actual appetizer, I ordered the asparagus wrapped in goat cheese.  It was TINY but unbelievably good.Main: Two of us ordered the blackened cod, which was excellently cooked - the fennel puree, carrots and asparagus on the dish were delicious (and I've never had a delicious carrot before).  My boyfriend had the arctic char, which came with a sauce so good that we were almost licking the plate at the end.  The veal, ordered by our fourth, was also excellent (or so he said).Dessert:  In between our entrees and dessert, they brought out a little fruit cuppy thing, which everyone was split on.  Not the best, but certainly not bad.  If anything did detract from the experience, it was the desserts.  We had a tiramisu (which was good), two types of chocolate cake (both just really okay) and a strawberry mousse cake that some enjoyed, but overall was not a big hit.Coffee came with 3 different types of sugar, shaved chocolate and delicious whipped cream.  I was in heaven.The waiters, maitre d and sommelier were wonderful and seemed to genuinely enjoy having us there.  As we were leaving (we were the last group to leave), they wrapped some chocolate orange peel in a napkin for us, while one waiter profusely apologized to us - it took a while to realize that he was upset that my boyfriend at one point picked up our wine bottle to pour us another round and that he himself hadn't been quick enough on the draw.Overall, it was a wonderful, delicious experience.
4	First, a disclaimer.  I haven't dined at Le Beaver Club in many years.  I had heard that the grandeur and glory which was Le Beaver Club had been dismantled in the '80's, but restored in recent years.  The restaurant holds far too significant a place in my personal progression of understanding and appreciating a fine dining experience to go without a review.  Now that things are again right, I'll write my piece.Having just graduated high school, Montreal was where I most wanted to visit for a few days of get away.  The "fancy" dinner for this trip was Le Beaver Club.  An evening which began with some griping about getting dressed up for dinner, ended with my first appreciation of how a truly extraordinary meal had the power to excite my senses, to transport them to places I had never known to exist.  The elegance was apparent in everything which caught my eye, and yet remained approachable to this eighteen year old on his best behavior.  The differences between "eating" and "dining" were suddenly neither semantic nor subtle.  I can't honestly recall what I had for dinner that evening, only that it was an important cog in my first true dining experience.Le Beaver Club was revisited several years later, while on our honeymoon, with the recollection that what was great on the first visit was even better on the second.  A fresh visit will be needed to assess this gem of a restaurant among my adult dining experiences, thus a star is withheld-- for the moment.
5	Simply our favorite restaurant, hands down! Service & food is old world elegant. I feel like I'm on an oceanliner in the Queens Grill(QM2)The Beef Wellington/Chateau Briand is just perfect. The Foi Gras is cooked to perfection. Not fancy like Mistral(Boston)but done traditionaly(sauteed).The same for the "Sweet Breads",nice & crispy. The wine & service are second to none, with waiters that have been there for years & are like family!  The desserts are fantastic. They come by with a dessert "cart" & choose your dessert.There is a great selection of cheeses to choose from,as well. If you love true "fine" dining, then this is the place.I love the Doversole,but you need to order it at least a day ahead. It's not on the "menu", but they do have it.  I read "Steve G's" response & he said it perfectly. Nice to see someone who loves what fine dining is all about.
5	Excellent dinner, very enjoyable. We took a side trip to Montreal and our last evening before we left, we had dinner at the Beaver Club.  We stayed at the Queen Elizabeth so dinner was as simple as taking the elevator downstairs, no winter coat necessary, which was great, we didn't have to worry about driving, so we were able to open up a bottle of wine.  Our waiter (i forgot his name) was very attentive, and when asked, gave me many good suggestions for my entree and dessert.  Dinner at the Beaver Club cost about $40 more than at Queue du Cheval - where we had dinner the night before - hands down, the food, ambiance and service was so much better at the Beaver Club.  Next time we are in Montreal, Beaver Club reservations is a MUST.
4	Service was lacking.  Waited for staff to do everything.  Some servers were excellent. Some were mediocre.   Food was outstanding as usual. Maitre d is amazing.  Will always go again
4	Really enjoyed the service and the experience at this restaurant. What a great place to dine, located in the fairmont hotel, a must dine place, the food is excellent.
