3	Possibly too popular at the weekend (stag parties etc.) but mid-week not a bad option for watching football as they've a large projector screen as well as a few good sized tellys. On the down side it's one of these places that feels the need to drum up custom after 22:00 by hosting too loud covers bands of varying quality. Nice & central though so at that point you can easily make your way to an alternative establishment.
3	It's nice to see that this place has managed to finally reopen, after the building that houses it burned down a few years ago. In fact, it's the only one of the units that has managed to open its doors again so far.But as much as it's nice to see businesses staying afloat in the current climate, that's as about as excited as I can get about this place. It's got Guinness, it's got TVs showing sport, and it's full of irish tourists. But so are so many other pubs in Edinburgh.It's ok if you're in a huge group, or you're on a pub crawl and are just popping in for one, but I wouldn't spend a whole evening here. The drinks are pretty pricey and there's hardly anywhere to sit.
3	I spent a great new year in here a few years back. The year when Princes St. was closed because of the wind - 2006/7 I think it was. Since then Finnegans Wake has been through rather a lot.A couple of years ago I remember waking up to the news that Kushi's (my favourite Indian in Edinburgh) had burnt down and the buildings either side were ruined by smoke and water damage. One of those was my favourite club in the world, The Liquid Room (which has now reopened and is EXACTLY the same - hooray!), and the other was Finnegans Wake.So it's nice to see that both those places are back on their feet. And Finnegans Wake is just the same - it's an Irish bar that has a live bands and sports and Guinness and stag parties. It's a fun place. Everyone's your mate in here. Not a place to go for a quiet drink, but great fun if you're in a big group.
3	I was in Edinburgh for some time and one of my favorite places to go was Finnegan's Wake for live music.  Although a small stage, the music was great to listen to and there are booths for sitting so my group of friends were able to get some reasonably priced drinks and relax to the music or stand stage-front and dance.
2	I don't hate tourist spots. I don't. I like meeting a rogue Aussie or Spaniard on the Royal Mile and getting to be the oh-so-knowledgeable local that can give them the details of 'the best pubs' or whatnot. But this place is Prague in Edinburgh. English/Irish Stag-dos a plenty, backpackers under 21 and Canadian girls on the prowl. A line about 200 miles long for 1 pound pints of piss and 200 people I never want to meet or talk to in ever. Not individually (I'm sure you're all a nice bunch of people), but it's one of those places where you think to yourself... this place would be way better if everyone in here dissapeared off the face of the earth. I don't often say this about Irish pubs because, being from Boston, they're like home away from home... but if this is home - I am never going home.
4	Very nice place with live music almost every day. Drinks and beers are cheap although the quality is nto very good. Guiness for example at this place is awful! apart from that a nice place to go with friends for a pint and listen to some good music.
3	Also known as "the loudest busiest place on earth during rugby" I have been to Finnegans a fair few times. I went along for the rugby again this weekend. Since it's redesign due to the fire next door it's lost much of it's "old edinburgh" charm - however it's now a much better space for the number of people that they like to cram into the bar. They have a room out the back which you can book and that's actually a pretty nice space.Beer - a very important thing..... but not something that they do well here. It's pretty dull - Guinness is the pint I'll be drinking in this pub I think. They have it in cold and EXTRA COLD.All in all - a good atmosphere for the rugby and the band they had on afterwards were not too bad also. The singer had funny tattoos and was wearing a silk waistcoat and a wife beater which basically makes him either a legend or mental.
2	This pub isn't to my taste, but then my tastes might not be to others tastes.I can here when it was England V Scotland in the Rugby. It was mobbed. It's not a basement pub, but it felt like it was. Really low ceilings, low light, no windows. Absolutely full to the rafters, and a sports-type crowd. Nothing wrong with this, but not my type of crowd.I dont feel any desire to come back here. It filled the job of sports-pub but didnt really seem to have any other appeal - good drinks, good music, good crowd.If you want a pub to watch a game in, with lots of atmosphere (shouting, spilling beer, not my oxygen to go around) then this is your place. Just not my cup of tea.
3	My band recently played as part of a music night here and I'd say that it was suited to the event. Based on the night alone, I'd say it was excellent but I'm not entirely sure there's anything calling me back. Although, I did like the wide open floor feel which gave the pub a friendly vibe and the stage with barriers was a nice touch! They did have a Yelp sticker at the bar which made me smile! Not a bad bar at all!
4	We were in Edinburgh from the US on vacation and stumbled on this place. The bar staff was awesome. Very friendly and after a couple visits they greeted us by first names. Only downside is I wish they served chips or something, actually the salty snacks make for more beer sales. This is my favorite bar/pub in Edinburgh and hope we can make it back there soon.
