1	Just thought that other parents of students going to ASU might have the same concerns as I. The "management staff" at the Sierra Park apartments in Tempe have completely disappointed me. my duaghter needs a cosigner for residency as she is only 24 with no credit history. The application that is required of the cosigner has required in it every single piece of private data a thief would want. They even want to know if you have been convicted of a crime, any crime- described at length. DOB, SSN, Drivers licence number etc. all in there. That is going to the edge of what I think is necessary but the daughter needs the accomodations. Problem is that they do not return phone calls or return emails. They want all of this private information to be sent to a fax machine somewhere and who knows if the maintenance guy (someone who picked up one of the many phone calls that I have made) doesn't make a quick copy and sell it somewherre. How would anybody know or at least be able to prove that the data came from the fax machine. The maintenance guy said that thier fax machine wasn't working anyway so the line was redistributed somewhere else he didn't know where. They have live "operators" answering the phone so the messages I leave are either being maliciously lost, discarded by the "management", or everyone of them are inept in their jobs. Being 800 miles from Tempe leaves me at a disadvantage when it comes to communicating with these people. I would suggest that anyone who needs to cosign for a student there,  look elsewhere. Steve Modifer, San Leandro CA.
1	I am literally counting down the days until my lease ends. (27 days if you're wondering). Since the week we moved in, we've had plumbing issues. Issues with the garbage disposal (broke from disposing cucumber slices) and bath drain clogs (and backing up from the disposal). They completely have shirked responsibility and said that we must pay for the repairs because it's evident we lodged something down the drain. They won't even send for a plumber until we agree to pay, regardless of the item being ours or a previous renter's. THEN,2 months ago they lost our rent (we were able to prove that they received our rent and then lost it) and they never apologized.THEN,Our AC was broken two weeks in March, so it wasn't brutally hot yet, but they didn't fix it for two weeks. And it was still our fault that the unit on the roof was damaged?! I'm surprised they could even insinuate this because I don't climb ladders on to the roof and break things. THEN, Our AC and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed. I called the emergency maintenance line (as I have an 8 month old and it was 100 degrees-- literally-- in my house) and didn't get a response at all. I called again as soon as they opened this morning and this newer maintenance guy (I hadn't seen him before) came to check it out. It turns out that the issue is AGAIN with the unit on the roof. Luckily, it's still under warranty so it will be fixed. BUT it must be fixed by the manufacturer and they don't know how soon they can get someone out. It's 110 outside. My baby is crying from the heat. AND I can't even bathe him to calm him down. As far as the tub, they won't call until we agree to pay. In summary- DON'T LIVE HERE. In addition to what I've stated here are some reasons:The windows are not insulated. A conversation 30 feet from your house sounds like it's RIGHT outside your windows.The units are old and have lots of weird problems.They don't enforce pool hours or quiet hours and kids are in the pool as late as 1AM screaming. The office is COMPLETELY unpredictable as to when they will be there and hardly ever answer the phone. This is a staffing issue as there is only one person staffed at a time. They don't have a drop box for rent.Meaning that you have to ALMOST ALWAYS wait outside the office for someone to come back from showing a unit or eating lunch. And if you can't, then your rent could be late. There are more reasons but I think you get it. DON'T LIVE HERE.
1	Moved in with a friend and what a joke. First the laundry room on one side has no air conditioning and the machines are always broken and the place is filthy.  Talked to maintenance about it and said its on their list to fix but not high priority. Asked my roommate who has lived here four years and he told me he doesn't remember it ever working including several machines. Large dog poop is left directly in front of our door every morning and when management are told they say they can't do a thing about it. There is no dish washer or special amenities here but charge stupid high prices for just a one bedroom.  Maintenance does not fix anything correctly and the management don't care. The whole office staff was let go last month. One for stealing rent money and another for covering it up.  People are breaking their lease just to leave. Since this all happen, the out of state management has given all section 8 renters till December to move out regardless of their rent agreement. The only good thing about the renters vacating is that the shared water bill is now lower on the our end. The apartment is large for a one bedroom but there is a storage room that could be used as a washer/dryer area and the kitchen/bathroom cabinets need updating.  Repainting isn't a update, Really! The bathtub has been painted so many times that there are stains that will not come out. Crickets and bugs keep crawling through the front door where there are large gaps.
