4	Small (7 tables) very casual Hungarian restaurant on Duluth close to St. Laurent.The food is standard Hungarian/Central European. I had stuffed cabbage, very tasty and well prepared. Menu is probably not stylish for Montreal and a bit heavy for a hot summer day, but the food is tasty and the prices extremely reasonable.I stopped by for dinner on a recent Sunday. The owner and his wife were extremely hospitable. The owner is also a professional musician. At the time the patronage was light, three customers. One of the customers said he played the violin, so the owner let him play his, and he hauled out an electronic piano and the two gave an informal concert on the spot. Doesn't get much better than that!  I understand that they have more formal music on Friday evenings.This place is a real gem!
1	The restaurant had only Pepsi, house wine and corona to drink. My dad asked for Soda Water. They offered Pepsi... yikes. The water was served in tiny glasses. The salad was drenched in cheap tasting Kraft italian dressing. We sent it back. Then it was drenched in some strange overly zesty (probably Kraft) avocado dressing. We sent that back and finally they just threw a bag of leaves on a plate. No tomato, no cucumber. Very bitter. My Dad wanted to send it back again, but my Mom was too embarrassed to.The ratatouille that my mom ordered was just green peppers. Normally there are more vegetables in such a dish. The saving grace was the owner played violin with piano and that was nice. But I wouldn't recommend this restaurant, even though our waiter was very friendly (although he didn't know the menu well.)
4	I am so glad I finally made it here.  Yes, it is "standard" Hungarian fare...but oh my...home cooking at these reasonable prices? And by home cooking I mean authentic, delicious, and comforting.  Spent an extraordinary Saturday evening there this past summer.  Full house.  The food came out and we were all satisfied only to have the evening become extraordinary with the live music.  People stopped in the street to look in......I could have been anywhere in Europe.....Bring your own wine and enjoy the experience.  And at the end -- no sticker shock.  I felt bad paying so little because I got so much.
5	Every time go to this place i end up crying . there's sort of vibration of that small space that leaves me breathless .  I feel that in the moment i am entering that door it's like i am entering a timegate  or deporting myself to another era or land (it's sort of Midnight in Paris-the movie) . They played so much violin and piano in this tiny space that i can hear the music even when  they are not playing , it got impregnated in the walls , paintings , tables and even in the food i am eating. The food is great , if u go on a friday or saturday evening , they will serve you a 3 course meal : salad + soup , second plate , dessert . And during your meal they will keep playing music , violin , piano , cimbalom. The space is little and the owner ( professional violinist) wants to get everyone involved to the story, they talk to you ask you if you want them to play anything specific ( i talked about everything from movies to geography with them and then they played some Nino Rota for me, awesome feeling ) . At the end of the night i paid 20$ (tax included)  for everything. Sometimes i wonder how this place succeeds to survive , maybe it's the love of art that makes them go on .Give a big tip please ahaha, we need places like this to continue to exist   Recommended plates : schnitzel, goulash, cabbage rolls *** Don't forget to bring your own wine***
4	I was gonna make this place my first 5 star, but I don't give 5 stars, so decided to keep in tradition.This place was such a fantastic find. We are a huge fan of BYOW places, because it allows you to focus more on the food/experience rather than counting ridiculous wine bottle prices. So I had this place bookmarked for a while.We decided to try it out, and it was unique and really great. As soon as we walked in, about 8pm, with two wine bottles, we found the owner playing violin for and joking with a table in the middle of the place. We walked in and he stopped and said, "Ahhh! You must be hungry too! Sit!" It was funny and welcoming and warm. We then sat and opened the wine and he came and explained the menu, which features about 5 main courses, and other things like soups/salads etc. All the stuff is home made food. NOTE: This is a small place by a guy and his wife, and they make the menu every night. Usually, that's not exactly my thing, either because of a stand off-ish vibe, or something. But this place really had a lovely aura. We though we were in an Eastern European town for a couple of hours.Menu features mostly meat items, but there are vegetarian options, as my wife is vegetarian. We had two vegetable soups, I had stuffed cabbage (lamb and shredded cabbage with garnishes and sauce) and my wife had a mushroom dish (portobello mushrooms cooked in sauce and served with potatos). We shared a salad, and then we had a crepe desert to share also.It was an amazingly excellent meal. I swear to God one of the best food meals I have ever had anywhere. My plate was HUGE, and I eventually ate it all, slowly. Even though the vibe was different, the place was so chill, so friendly, and the food was amazing. We sat and talked and drank wine over the course of two hours and had a great time. And at the end, for two people, the bill was $35! It was really great.We then walked out, feeling super energized and good. And walked down duluth street to the park. It was a really great evening, and we were surprised.We're totally sold now, and will 100% revisit several times. It's a great unique experience. Go there. Do not expect a situation though where you can be rude to the owners and treat them like they work for you. Diners with that approach might be met unkindly, which one of the reviews below suggests to me could be the case.Three other tables came in while we were there, and everyone of us was loving it. Great place.
5	We walked in with two bottles of wine and the owner's wife greeted us very warmly and told us how smart we were. The food on the menu is very reasonably priced with enough variety. We ordered veal goulash, schnitzel, and cordon bleu, and she recommended the vegetable soup so we got that as well. The owner came over to talk to us and he was very personable and interesting. The food was very delicious and the atmosphere was like being invited to a friend's house. The violin playing by the owner was very good in Roma gypsy style. We will definitely come back when we come back to Montreal.
