1	I just got back from a 3 day stay at the St. Tropez hotel in Las Vegas. Located across the street from the Hard Rock Casino, a few very long blocks from the Strip, the St. Tropez is the ideal spot to buy meth from the various gentlemen frequenting the parking lot next door or to catch a case of herpes to cherish for a lifetime memory of your unforgettable experience with the crackwhore sporting an adorable pussy cat tattoo viewable for only a minimal fee. But arguably the best aspect of the St Tropez is their stellar customer service. For instance, when we went back to our room after a night of clubbing to find a hole in our window, shattered glass splattered all over the floor, and all of our stuff missing, including toiletries and bags of dirty laundry, the attentive staff who called the police an hour later and refused to open another room so we could file our police report without sitting on a couch full of glass shards, the security guard who entered our room and audibly chuckled at the site, and the general manager who actually suggested one of our group had perpetrated the crime made for a calming experience.If you are looking to score credit cards, room keys, a couple of laptops, and even a bag of dirty underwear, the darkened unmonitored premises of the St. Tropez hotel is the place for you!
1	I told myself today when I got home from my weeend in Vegas I was going to wite my first review on yelp about the St. Tropez hotel because it is worthy of the first review slot.Where do I begin?  Well, let's start at the beginning.  Although I was not the one who booked the hotel, I know that the room was booked a good month in advance (at least).  We arrive in Vegas totally amped for the bachlorette party weeend ahead of us and all we want to do after a 5 hour drive is unpack and start drinking.  The reservation maker of the group goes to the front desk to check in and is told the room isn't ready, they just have to finish cleaning.  OK, so we go across the street to the Hard Rock hotel and have a drink at the Pink Taco.  We come back to find that our room wasn't being cleaned but had been given away because they had a busload of people come in.  We had booked a double king room with a pullout couch (there were 7 of us all together).  The best they could do was give us a single king with a pullout couch and 2 roll away cots.  They did apologize and said we would get the room we originally booked the next day at check in.  When we got to the room we met our ray of sunshine for the weekend, Joe.  Joe was the only part of our experience at the St Tropez even partially enjoyable.  Joe was the Jack of All Trades at the hotel.  He got us towels, he gave us a ride to the strip, and he was funny and personable and not too sore on the eyes either  :)  Anyway,after a night out we come back to the hotel and one of the girls wants to take a shower.  She steps in and no sooner does she find glass in her foot and all over the floor of the shower stall.  Joe got us band aids and helped her clean the wound.  My bedmate and I go to unfold the couch to find unchanged sheets.  Joe got us new sheets.The next morning, we go to the lobby at about 8:30 for the continental breakfast.  Note the time.  All the bread is gone.  All the cream cheese is gone.  There's 3 servings of cereal left and a couple of stale cherry pastries.  They are out of orange juice.  The front desk girl goes to get some more goodies from the back and comes out with cold croissants.  Someone in another room tries to put one in the toaster and it gets caught and starts to smolder which is when I overhear someone at another table ask, "Where's Joe?"While a few of us sat on the deck next to the stick and leaf littered pool, the leader of our pack went to check on the status of our room change as well as see if there was anything they would be willing to do about our injured friend.  They apologized and said they would upgrade us to the "presidential suite."  We would have to check back at 3 after the rooms had been cleaned.  So we did.  The room's door handle was broken and there was still no other larger rooms available.  So they gave us the option of two rooms but we didn't feel like moving so we stayed where we were for the last night.In their defense, the place is totally understaffed and there never seems to be a manager on a duty.  They are overworked and overwhelmed.  They tried to be accomodating to our situation but it's hard to give the customer what they want when there isn't a higher up to okay it.  If nothing else, the St Tropez will just be one of the many stories we get to tell from our bachlorette weekend
1	I have never written a review on Yelp before, but I too said this was the first thing I'd do when I got home.  And DONT think "these reviews are probably old and the hotel has changed", because it hasnt and it wont. In fact, I wish I could give this hotel negative stars.  They owe me a star. I am disgusted and furious with my stay at this hotel and I want you to read this completely, especially if you work hard to earn your money. (so, everyone)1.  You would be safer sleeping in your car, unlocked, with your wallet in plain view because the street this hotel is on is full of crack addicts and roamers.  Dont let the "right across the street from the hard rock hotel" lure you in.2.  We were looking forward to two relaxing days at the pool; the pool had a sign on it that stated this was the SECOND time it was shut down by the health authority for not meeting health codes.  The manager lied to expedia and told them the pool was on a "schedule" and I must be confused.3. Free continental breakfast; Sign at the front desk stating "due to matters beyond our control, there will be no breakfast available..." What is beyond your control? Go to the market and get some toast for your guests...The manager again lied to expedia and told them the breakfast was available.4.  Free internet:  After not being able to log on, the front desk so helpfully told us the internet hadnt worked in months.5.  ATM in lobby, broken6.  Trash all over lobby floor, grounds, 'fitness center', theres a busted gate as soon as you pull into the parking lot, and about six million fake plants, all of which are either covered in dust, knocked over, or stuck with gum.7.  Fitness Center; This fitness center is not only disgusting with stains on the rugs, and fowl odors, but it only offers a stair stepper and a bike, (the bike is broken) no weights, no air, no towels, and the benches dont have cushions to sit on...8.  Our first room was in a building that smelled like sour laundry, our second room (after I complained) had dried pasta under the tables, used shampoo bottles, dirt in the 'jacuzzi' and the air conditioner was broken9.  After calling expedia to demand a refund friday morning (we arrived late thursday night), I was told I had to go through the manager, who said if I was unhappy I should have checked out the first night...with no where to go...after driving ten hours...when she was off duty and unavailable to speak to.  And she said she wouldnt provide a refund for my last night there because you needed 24 hours notice.  There must be some sort of law about false advertising or something.  Anyway, Im filing a complaint with the better business bureau and PLEASE dont stay here.  Also, Im pretty pissed at expedia too.  They're review is next.
2	I stayed here once during the '08 campaign. That's enough candor for one review.
1	If Imperial Palace is 2*, this is obviously 1*.
