3	Smack dab in the middle of the Luxor Casino is Centra. Friendly bartenders, excellent service at the tables. Great background music as you look over the casino (and dancers). Yay!
4	For the many, many, many casino/resort bars in Vegas, this one was perfect. It in the middle of the Luxor (not exactly center strip), but they had a live DJ, cool interactive flat screens that played music vids with the DJ. Drink prices are amazing for a hotel bar and you can get tipsy pretty fast, just order the doubles.  The elevated bar gives you a view of all the people standing in line for LAX at the Luxor, so its a bit of people watching place. No cover and friendly service. It was a nice surprise while the wife and I stayed there.
3	Stopped in here to take advantage of the 2 free drinks that Luxor included as part of their resort fee (I'm not sure if that's a special I got, or if that's just what everyone gets). It's a nice bar - the layout is very open and inviting. Dark interior colors and plush couches make it ideal as a late night spot to post up and relax a bit while you have a nightcap or two. Our free drinks tickets were limited in their use, like I pretty much expected, so when we ordered 2 Red Bull and vodkas the bartender said we could only get a Sobe Adrenaline and vodka. Sure, whatever... just make it a good pour. Which he didn't. Drink was decent enough. Good spot to relax at, but nothing more. Most cocktails are so overpriced that I wouldn't say a casual stop here is worth it unless you're taking advantage of Luxor's offer.
2	I'm so sad because I really like this bar  they have cool yummy drinks and its just easy and relaxed. But The service here was annoyingly slow. Our waitress was too involved in her coworkers to pay any mind to her customers. We finished our first drinks, the waitress walked by us a dozen times totally ignoring our empty glasses. Finally makes eye contact with me "oh u ready?" No shit Sherlock. Finally got our second round, again the drinks r Delish but by this time I was too annoyed to enjoy it. Then she finally sees were done again, we ask for our bill and wait another 10-15 mins. I'm pissed now so I got up and asked her about it, Apparently it takes the bartender 20 mins to discount a bill with a coupon the hotel gave me!! wtf?! After 4 miserable days in Vegas of nothing going right all I wanted was to enjoy my fav spot and home girl killed it!
5	pretty good service.  interesting drinks.  even left money in the machine and walked away and the bartender chased us down to let us know!!
1	My wife and I went to this bar. We ordered a WELL whiskey and a Martini. The waitress asked if I wanted to make the whiskey a double for a dollar. I said sure.  My wife heard the "double for a dollar as well, and said that's a good deal, The bill comes and it is 31.89. I see a "bump" on my whiskey of 4 dollars. " And "bump" 4 extra dollars on the Martini. I ask the waitress what this was about, she said "I don't make the prices". I said you said it was a dollar, she said no, 4 dollars. I know what I heard and so does my wife. "For a dollar" is much different than 4 dollars. My "well" whiskey was Crown Royal, who does that? Crown for a well? And who has to "bump" a martini by 4 bucks to make a regular Martini. We paid four bucks for the word bump. Also my whiskey looked NOTHING like a double, and tasted NOTHING like crown Royal. Stay AWAY unless you like to be ripped off, and have waitress that say "I don't make the prices"
