5	It's open! Right here in Henderson! Located in the strip mall where the 24 HR Fitness and the bread store are located. The storefront faces Pecos.   This place is  dedicated to selling solely Thrifty Ice Cream by the scoop, as a sundae, and even as an ice cream sandwich (your choice of cookies)  You can also take home hand packed pints & quarts just like the ol' days except it's not the 3 for 25 cent scoops any longer (ahem..giving away my age here).  They also serve coffee and have a cold case full of sodas, water and milk. There are 36 flavors. They offer all the old school ones like Chocolate Malted Crunch, Coconut Pineapple to new flavors like Circus Animal Cookies (and yes they taste just like the Mothers Circus Animal cookies)  and Green Tea (which is creamy and refreshing)Ambience - Store brightly lit, spacious, clean.  There are a couple tables you can sit down and have your ice cream treatService- Great!  Friendly & Helpful!  You can sample the flavors.  The ice cream is still the creamy goodness & just the right sweetness like back in the day when I used to walk to then Thrifty's Drug store and get a scoop for 15 cents. A scoop size was approx 1/2 cup it filled up the waffle cone from top to bottom. And yes it is still the same squarish round corner cylindrical scooper Thrifty used from when I was younger. I uploaded a photo to the album.   The Cherry Amaretto ice cream my husband tried had loads of whole marachino cherries in there!! ..and the Chocolate Malted Crunch tasted like what I had from back in the day...possibly even better??? Maybe it's now I appreciate that I can tell when quality and natural ingredients are used and they dont skimp on all the fruits,nuts that are mixed in. It was fun reminiscing with other customers that walked in.  I think all of us had big smiles when we walked in the place.  My first visit here sure brought back my childhood memories.
5	First day of business and it attracted its customers who were eagerly waiting for this nostalgia to commence! So many flavors to choose from; classic and new! (I had the green tea flavor on a sugar cone, it was delicious) ! I will definitely be back! Customer service was great and they are eager to please!
3	Growing up, Thrifty Ice Cream was a treat.  I could not get enough of the chocolate malted crunch.  I was so upset when my local store closed.  Many years passed before I found out about this new location in the Henderson area.  I was so excited.  So yesterday afternoon I went to check it out.  Of course I got chocolate malted crunch.  A single scoop in a waffle cone for nostalgia.  It was good ice cream.  Chocolatey with the good crunch I remember.  The price has gone up since last I went.  It is now $1.79 for a single scoop.  Gone are the days of a super cheap treat.  It is still a lower cost than at some other ice cream parlors.  My biggest complaint is the size of the scoop.  It seemed a bit on the skimpy side.  Perhaps that was a result of the server.  There were a couple of young men working the counter.  They looked lost.  With them was an older lady who looked more suited for a cafeteria line down in Lunch Lady Land.  I think I heard her ask "what do you want" to a customer.  It was not a polite "how may I serve you today."  For the not quite but almost astronomical price increase, the location on the far south of the valley and the questionable service, three stars is all they deserve at this time.
3	I am a sucker for Thrifty Ice Cream and thought this would be the end all spot for me. Sadly, it is not. Long gone are the $.99 cylinder scoops of frozen delight. They kept the familiar shape, but the prices are almost double.Normally, I get a single scoop, but I was feeling adventurous and ventured off to a two scoop sundae. Medieval Madness is back, so I forgo my normal Green Tea, and paired it with Chocolate Malt Crunch. Add butterscotch and nuts and it was meh for $4.33. When I got rang up, I saw that I was charged for a two scoop waffle bowl sundae without getting the waffle bowl. What is that? If there is no button for a sundae without the bowl then I should have been given one. The butterscotch was too sweet and not creamy. The toppings taste cheap. It is better to just get plain ice cream.
4	down the street goodness. i know where to go on binge-ing nights :D
4	Great place for classic ice cream
1	I've been here 3 times in less than a week. The third time was NOT a charm and I will NOT be returning to this establishment. Why? Because of an employee who had an extraordinary temper that was out of this world! This particular employee decided it was a good idea to slam the ice cream fridge doors, talk back to person in my party when posed with a question, and also say as I was walking out of the store "THAT WAS WEIRD!"I have found that to be the exact opposite of an ideal place to have my business. Thus, they will not be seeing me there anymore!
4	Ten years ago I was visiting Thrifty located in any local Rite Aid. Now, I am stuck going to a location on Desert Inn and Durango or Wigwam. Whoever decided to open this location created something that many locals missed. The ice cream here is delicious in comparison to many of the other franchises. I suggest just buying a pint of the chocolate malted crunch, walking out with a smile. Then save it in the refrigerator for a day where you are craving it.Those small cones to large cones are just not worth it for the price, but a wonderful treat.I only feel bad for those 24-hour fitness members who have to see this location after a nice, long workout. I can only imagine the torture they have to go through!The only reason why this is not five stars is because they do not have the boxed ice creams as they did ten years ago. Whatever happened to those? it makes me sad to know that I have to pay $7 for a quart and not $3.50 for half-a-gallon (twice as much_
2	Thrifty's is all about nostalgia and that's it. No more .99 cent scoops and no more sweet lady behind the counter helping you out. A single scoop is now $1.79 and your sweet lady is now a guy with the personality of wet mop.Let's get down to the real reason we were there- the ice cream.  The kids got rocky road in a sugar cone. It was ok but the weird shape didn't quite stick in the sugar cone & almost ended up on the ground a few times. Word of advice- get your cone w a cup- just in case. They had a lot of different flavors but when you're ice cream scooper person is just staring at you with a "will you just pick a flavor already" look- that was my cue to just order & be done with them. A bit of advice for Thrifty's mgmt- teach your ice cream team, suggestive selling. In fact teach them the simple things like smiling & politeness. It isn't that hard to say, Hey how you doing? What can I do you for? (with a smile). Our family loves ice cream- my son loved the Choco Malt Crunch (i'll admit it was pretty good), but do you think we'll be back? Not with the service we received. All can say is that Thrifty's is ok. Ok as in- I wouldn't go out of my way to get mediocre ice cream from sub par ice cream scooper guys.
3	I'll probably go back, but it has gotten very expensive.  I love the chocolate malted crunch, but it's tough to justify two scoops when I could get a pint of something else at the store.  But, I admit that I'm a sucker for the nostalgia.  The employees were a little aloof as while I was standing in line one guy was working, another one was standing and looking at me, and the last one was taking his sweet time in washing his hands.  As a business owner I'm aware of the cost of employees and I'm sure the rent isn't cheap, but the owner here needs to figure out how to be more expedient to see more people in a night with fewer employees.
5	WHOOOHOOOOO!Just the name takes me back to the summer of 1994, 8 of us kids piling up in a beaten up Ford Escort in ol' Santee, California, racing down Mission Gorge to get to Thrifty before they close the ice cream section. It was close, but we made it. Glad to see this old time brand make a resurgence.Times have changed though, as have ice cream prices. Back then it was about $.49 for a scoop of ice cream. Nothings that cheap anymore, so those people complaining about the price, c'mooooooooooon. Personally, I'm okay with a $1.79 for a scoop in a standard cone. This is a stand alone business, not part of a store "like the olden days." Still the same great ice cream. Hard listening to complaints about their prices when their ice cream counterparts are more than double what they are charging. It's a buck more than it was two decades ago. Good enough for me, I'll pay the extra dollar every time just to take that trip down memory lane.Welcome back Thrifty's Ice Cream!
1	The ice cream product itself is something worth craving for. But the service is not.Whoever is the owner/manager of this place needs to take some lessons on hiring process cause it seems as if they close their eyes and just point to select. The service here was EXTREMELY terrible. Not just bad for an everyday ice cream store, but one of the worst I have ever experienced. The two workers that were working the final 30 minutes to closing were terrible in every aspect.1. They were paying more attention to the time winding down rather than serving the customers. 2. They cuss very openly and publicly, even when there are KIDS/TODDLERS around.3. They criticize and gossip hard-headed customers as soon as they turn their heads. I'm sure you can argue this particular situation but part of being professional is to tolerate these kinds of behaviors without any sort of retaliation.4. SLOW-NESS. I mean, I used to work in a joint where we MAKE our ice cream from scratch. For these workers, all they need to do is scoop the ice cream and they're much slower. If I were on crutches and had to scoop ice cream in comparison to them, I would be far more productive and quicker.I know pay is based on experience and level of work, but no matter how low wages are, any kind of working environment requires professionalism. The supervisors need to realize that they need to be way more selective in hiring workers.
2	They say it's the best ice cream so I opted to try it.  I'm still trying to figure out what the fuss is all about but in my opinion, the ice cream was just alright.  Maybe I hyped it up too much in my mind and got overexcited? Perhaps. I, like others, wasn't too keen on the customer service.  Bunch of kids behind the counter waiting for work to get out.  Plus, they were extremely slow at doing everything so the line was pretty epic and not in a good way.  Not very impressed with this location.. sorry Thrifty, you probably won't see me around anytime soon.
4	Oh the hype of Thrifty's Ice Cream! yes the flavors from your childhood are back! I remember as a kid I would only get bubble gum or rainbow. But now that I'm older I'd have to say my taste buds are more interested in the more sophisticated ice cream flavors such as coffee, medieval crunch, and butter pecan. hahaha. This visit i was pleased with the window shutters that covered the summer sun and 2 young gentlemen excited to serve my oddly shaped scoop of ice cream!  Also pleased to know the flavor selection is not always permanent, Thrifty changes a few flavors to fit the season. So enjoy your ice cream during these hot summer days of LV!!
5	Been here two days in a row & i pretty much love it!I never tasted trifty's ice cream before, so it was a new experience for me. Also, I never saw an ice-cream that was square-looking & of course it fascinated me that an ice-cream was shaped like that. The first day I got the mocha chocolate fudge & coffee in a waffle cone.& the second day i got mocha chocolate fudge :) & cappuccino crunch. The mocha Fudge is a MUST try! the coffee & cappuccino crunch was delish, too but wasnt memorable. I tasted the BF ice cream selection & the Bubble gum tasted amazing, too. The creaminess of the ice-cream that they served is JUST PERFECT.  The downside i guess was that two scoops of ice-cream on a waffle cone was about $3.05, i think. (O.M.G.) but for now i guess its worth paying.
4	My favorite ice cream! I grew up eating Thrifty ice cream and it's still as delicious as I remember. My favorites are Mint n Chip, Rainbow Sherbet and Pistachio. If you haven't tried it, please do!
2	I had a single scoop of chocolate brownie something ice cream in a flimsy cup with a flat lid, so the stuff dripped down the side of the container. The people that work there are slow and don't seem to care about what they're doing. The ice cream itself was bland and tasted like something you'd buy frozen in Walmart. I guess you get what you pay for. Baskin Robbins might be way more expensive, but they have way better ice cream. Thrifty is the right name for this place. Unfortunately you get what you pay for.
3	I love Thrifty's ice cream because it's actually quite tasty and cheap! I used to go to Rite-Aid for it, where it's something like $1.79 for 2 heaping scoops of ice  cream. When I saw there's an actual store front for Thrifty's, I was ready to get that ice cream! The Thrifty's store has way more flavors than Rite-Aid ever had and they were all very good. The service was pretty good and very light-hearted. They would all crack jokes with each other. although that did get a little in the way of us ordering. You can get samples, and pretty much any flavor you get, it'll be good. They even have a circus animal cookie one! Favorite Thrifty's ice cream is still the Chocolate Malted Crunch. It's malted milk balls in chocolate ice cream, basically Whoppers in ice cream form, yum.I was disappointed when I paid almost $2 for just one scoop since I'm used to getting so much more for the same price. But since there don't seem to be any Rite-Aids here, this will have to do.
5	This review is solely for the bubblegum ice cream. Several weeks ago my 6 year old was served the bubblegum ice cream at a birthday party. I sat there and picked out all the round shaped bubblegum because I thought they were hard and that he would swallow them whole and as a paranoid mother, I was afraid he would choke on them. I didn't taste the ice cream because I was no carbing that week but the smell of it was wonderful. So tonite my hubster surprised us and brought home a quart of chocolate malt crunch and a quart of bubblegum ice cream. I was about to pick out all the bubblegum again when my hubster took a taste and said the bubblegum were soft,  even softer than m&m's...so I tried some and wow did I feel like a fool for wasting my time several weeks ago taking out the bubblegum and not letting my son try them so needless to say he got to taste it tonite and love it so much, he asked me to make him a shake out of it and requested bubblegum ice cream at his next birthday party. Thrifty bubblegum ice cream is hands down (in my opinion) not only the best tasting bubblegum ice cream i've ever tasted but also THEE BEST TASTING ice cream i've tasted in a long time. Also, here's a tip for my fellow locals from Hawaii, the bubblegum ice cream tastes similar to Tasaka strawberry Guri Guri.
5	Normally I would give this place four stars, but the one thing that pushed them up to the big Yelp five star was the fact they carried my favorite ice cream in the world, bubble gum. Yes, I am still five years old at heart and enjoy my blue/green colored ice cream with bits of bubble gum in it. In addition to having such awesome ice cream, the staff there are solid and the location is open late enough that I can still get my fix after work.
4	'What's up with this weird square shaped ice cream?' I asked my husband as we waited to be helped at Thrifty Ice Cream on a recent Saturday evening. I had never had Thrifty's before, this funkily shaped ice cream scooper was new to me.Thrifty's offers a lot of flavors to choose from. I would have liked to try some samples but the employees working didn't offer, and I didn't ask. I decided to deviate from my normal Rocky Road and I tried the Chocolate Malted Crunch. WOW. So glad I decided to try something new, it was delicious.I can't recall what we paid for a 2 scoop cup and a 2 scoop cone but it wasn't ridiculious. The employees working could have offered up better customer service, like offering samples, but they got the job done.
4	My wife wanted to stop here so she could relive part of her childhood, by the looks of the crowd she was not alone.The good news (at least according to her) is the ice cream is still good, I can also say I found the mint choc chip to be one of the better ones i have found.
4	I hold Yelp responsible for all my weight gain. What happens is that I read the yummy reviews posted by fellow yelpers and bookmark all these places in my head. When a craving hits me, I miraculously remember these places and head there without delay.I read several reviews about the chocolate malted crunch and wanted to have it TODAY. The place was a little busy but the wait was not long. I asked to taste the c.m.c flavor and liked it a lot! With 1 scoop of vanilla and 1 of c.m.c I was a happy camper with a full tummy.The choc was on the sweeter side and reminded me of frozen version of a malted choc drink I used to drink when I was young. The vanilla was ok.Overall, a yummy treat!!
5	Thrifty ice cream was part of my childhood. We had a Thrifty's across the street from my elementary school and the cone and ice cream has not changed. It really is exactly the same as it always has been, except you can't get a scoop for 10cents.I had the chocolate chip and it was just as I remembered. I'll be back for a big take home container o chocolate malted crunch (mad I didn't grab it last night). So now when I want ice cream, I go to Thrifty's and when it's Italian Ice, I go to Rita's. Two cold sweet treat basis now covered :)
4	sometime i'm in the mood for some hard packed ice cream. not this frozen yogurt or frozen custard stuff. just good old fashioned ice cream. this place has very good quality ice cream. chocolate dipped waffle cone was a decent enough to hold my delicious ice cream. they have a bunch off different flavors so i order whatever i feel like.
5	I was very excited to find this place and take my kids. It was fun sharing a memory from my childhood with them.
5	I scream for ice cream! I love Thrifty's!!! This store has tons of choices. They even have Carvel ice cream cake! I like how they have different types of cones like waffle, sugar, and cake. The prices are very reasonable. A single scoop I believe is $1.99 and a double is $3.01. The placd was very clean, and service was decent. My favorite flavors will always be the birthday cake and rocky road. Overall, Thrifty's is awesome!!! :D
4	If you love bubble gum ice cream then you would understand how hard it is not being able to find it in every store in Vegas.  There's just something special about eating a pale blue ice cream (with bits of bubble gum) on a sugar cone.  Does spending $1.99 for a single scoop of ice cream on a sugar cone sound thrifty?I wanted to try other flavors such as cotton candy, green tea, black cherry, etc. since they will let you have a free taste of their flavors.  But being lactose intolerant and having to drive 45-60minutes to get home from this location meant I shouldn't push my luck.  I should've taken a pint of bubble gum ice cream home though. Ugh!!!  Next time...
4	Give me pistachios or give me death. Pistachio ice cream, cookies, desserts, or straight up, I love those damn little things. So when I walked in to find pistachio ice cream, I didn't take long to make a choice. Of course, there are tons of other flavors as well. I also tried the animal cookie and after just one bite, my teeth were wearing sweaters. I couldn't handle the sugar inside that one, even though I am the queen of sucrose. So, I went with pistachio. It was delicious! I am not one for cones, especially when going to be driving so I got it in a cup. The scoop is cute, but makes for kind of difficult eating. I'd like to get some in its own little dish to snack on at home. Four stars only because the lighting is abrasive and the floor plan is kinda awkward. But it's tasty and thrifty!
4	odd shaped scoop/scoopers and as another noted rich but not too sweet ice cream.
5	I love meee some thriftyssss!:D
5	Was horrified when Rite Aids closed here in Vegas because it took my childhood away...Thrifty ice cream. But my prayers were answered (maybe from praying at St. Thomas More next door) when they opened up here in Henderson...in my neighborhood. I knew Smarty's on Durango & Twain carried it but to have it in my part of town is wonderful!Driving down Pecos one afternoon, my daughter shrieked and almost caused me to swerve the car when she spotted Thrifty's. A U-turn later, we were enjoying chocolate malted crunch cones. Milk chocolately goodness with delicate chocolate chips and crunchy tiny malt balls.Their mint chip is also good and rivals Baskin Robbins. I don't like big chunks of chocolate so their way of small flecks swirled into the creamy mint ice cream is the way it should be in my world.Love that no matter how weak the worker is, their signature scoop is the great equalizer & always delivers the same amount.
5	Thrifty's Ice Cream Shoppe is some of the best ice cream I've ever had. Forget Dairy Queen. It's cheap and they give a lot. There are a lot of flavors to choose from too.
1	I came here because of the great reviews, it was a disappointment. Slow service, the whipped cream wasn't creamy, all runny, the place is dirty, the employees don't know what they are doing, although they were nice. And finally the ice cream was nothing special. The price was good though. I'll go wait at the purple penguin for 45min.
4	Thrifty's in general is awesome!!! We were so excited when this location opened up. After years of hearing about Thrifty's drug store ice cream, it has lived up to all the hype. My favorite is the chocolate malt ball crunch or the Pecans and Praline, in a waffle bowl!! Scoops are just the right size and in that fun unique to Thrifty's square shape. The staff is pretty terrible, so don't come in expecting to be wow'd with service. Lost a star for service but the ice cream speaks for itself
5	Best value in town for great ice cream...and they have great sugar free to boot!  Fresh hot waffle cones. Great staff.  Can't ask for anything more!
5	Twenty-five years ago there was a Thrifty's drugstore in downtown Beverly Hills, CA that served these cones for 10 cents per scoop.  It was so good and so popular (especially the pistachio) that the line would often go out into the parking lot, and you often spotted a famous entertainer in line (George Hamilton, Charo, Pat Boone, etc.).  Thrifty's then sold out to Rite-Aid, and the store generally went downhill, service-wise, but the ice cream was the same and still 10 cents.  Don't remember when the price started rising.  Today I found out that there's a new Thrifty Ice Cream store here in Boulder City, NV, and we're going to check it out.
5	Thankful there is now a Thrifty's in town! Seriously the best ice cream. The signature ice cream scooper brought back memories of going to Thrifty's for ice cream as a kid. Definitely gotta try the chocolate malted crunch *thee best* the mint chocolate chip is among the best also. The size of each scoop is twice the size of 31 Flavors Baskin Robbins.  The staff was very friendly also!
4	Pistachio nut and cookies and cream.  I love Thrifty Ice Cream, but it's something weird about it.  It doesn't melt!
1	I understand the concept of food from your childhood, or back home, but honestly, the quality of the ice cream is just not as good as what I've had.  My ex bf used to rave about Thrifty Ice Cream before they opened out here and each time we visited his family in California, we'd stop at the Rite Aid and get some. When Thrifty was opened at a gas station over on the west side, we drove over to give it a try and it was a surprise for him for his bday.  I didn't like the texture of it in California, so I thought maybe it would be a tad different out here, but no such luck. It tastes gritty to me, like more of an ice milk flavor you find at Chinese Buffets.  The ingredients are good, and the Mocha Almond is the one I tried, Chocolate Chip is always what he got, and it was loaded with chocolate chips, but I just don't get the OMG It's the BEST ice cream ever! thought.   Back east, in house homemade ice cream was creamy, not gritty. It just wasn't good. I'll stick to Cold Stone.
4	Mocha Almond Fudge.My boyfriend's favorite flavor. I thought this ice cream being in my life would be just an occurrence here and there. No. It started as a scoop, then double scoop, then a pint. This phase is here to stay. Do I blame him? Not really. If you've tried their ice cream, it's pretty darn good. I'm just jealous I don't have my boyfriend's metabolism, so I can eat it as often as he does.Here's some flavors you should try if it's your first time: - Chocolate Malted Crunch (their most popular)- Circus Animal (yes, it's ice cream made with those pink & white animal cookies you ate as a kid)- Rainbow Sherbet (one of the better sherbets out there)- Mocha Almond Fudge (my boyfriend made me add this to the list)You really can't go wrong with any flavor here. I've tried a handful of the classics, Butter Pecan, Mint Chocolate Chip, Green Tea, & Coffee. Served in their signature cylinder scoops, you'll be tempted to get a scoop in one of their waffle cones they make them in-house. The smell is intoxicating!I didn't grow up with Thrifty's as many people have, but I'm glad to have been introduced to it. Sundaes, ice cream sandwiches, banana splits, or a pint as my boyfriend gets, you can have it in whatever form you desire. I wish they made cakes for special occasions as Baskin Robbins does, I would've been there buying one on Father's Day!There is a line and wait at times, but the staff is friendly and works hard to get your order out. I'll be there again soon, my boyfriend needs his fix!
4	I'm a sucker for ice cream and a sucker for good service... and this place has both!  There are lots of good flavors here and the guy who served us was great at making suggestions.  "You like chocolate?  Here, try Chocolate Malted Crunch."  Yes, please!  The Pistachio Nut was also INCREDIBLE.  This flavor is hard to come by and not always that good.  Thrifty's was decadent. The prices were decent - better than, say, Cold Stone and Baskin Robbins.  The shop itself is nothing special but has a good amount of tables and seating.  The two tables outside were disgustingly sticky and covered in ice cream.  But I'm sure with how busy the store is it's difficult for them to get outside to wipe them off.  Definitely a new place on my list for my fix of frozen deliciousness!
4	You gotta be hip to be SQUARE.What a cool idea to have their ice cream in a square instead of round.  This is so helpful in so many ways.....a.  The taste - 5 Star - I personally like Mocha chocolate fudge and Coffee in waffle cone. I usually don't order ice cream but when I do, watch out!  There are so many flavors, I cannot tell you all, but the texture is rich and creamy, the taste is awesome, the quality is like Ben and Jerry compared to a generic brand. b.  Location - 4 star - Near to St. Thomas More on Wigwam and Pecos. usually no parking issues, but no shaded trees to park under.  Boo Hoo when it is over 100.  you come here to cool off and then you heat back up!c.  Ambiance - 4 star - The place is a long rectangle, which is great for long lines. However it is not inviting at all for sitting and eating inside. Just a bit "cold" or lacking character.If you love ice cream and want a treat this  is the place to go!IF you want an even more unique experience, and want a crepe with your ice cream, drive a few miles south to Crepe Shack and Waffle on Eastern and Horizon Ridge in the KMart Sears area.  This is a great place for Thrifty ice cream in a crepe with fruit.  Totally Yummy.
5	Maybe cause it was windy and cold, but the place was empty, so service was fine. I could see potential for "lack of" though. Ice cream was Soooo creamy and soft!! So 5 stars for the product.. I will return!
4	Love this place. Affordable prices and just plain old barebones ice cream on a cone or in a cup. No fancy stuff like over at cold stones.
5	I LOVE Thrifty Ice Cream!  The ice cream is great; my personal favorite is butter pecan.  The bf loves pistachio, and I've heard strawberry is good, too.   It's located on a somewhat quiet street that you can just hang out outside the store.  The service is almost always great - I mean, c'mon, you're getting ice cream, just enjoy it!
5	Thrifty brings back wonderful memories of when Las Vegas had Rite Aid's.They always did have the best prices out of all the ice cream shops. For the longest time I frequented the now closed Thrifty's in the gas station on Durango and Twain. I had no idea that there was an actual store in Henderson.You step in, the store is really clean. They have all the wonderful, yummy flavors, you can't choose just one! My all time favorite has to be pistachio, I am crazy about it.Staff was really friendly and polite. $12 for 5 people, that's a bargain for me. Even though winter is coming, that won't stop me from eating this decadent ice cream!
5	chocolate malt crunch, mocha almond fudge, pistachio.. the list goes on! this place has yummy yummy ice cream that you must try!  a large fridge also has large pints you can take home of your favorite flavor! this place is a sweet treat! haha
5	Cant believe we can still get the ice cream we grew up on!! They are no longer .15 cents for a single scoop they are $1.50 but, worth it.The Mint and Chip still tastes the same!!The service we got was good and the smiled the whole time. It was clean inside and had a lot of other flavors. They are open 7days a week. 9am-9pm
5	Square shaped ice cream, you are delicious. Tried the cookie dough yesterday, and thought I tasted a hint of maple? Don't care for maple anything unless its on my pancakes, but with all of Thrifty's many flavors I know I'll find a new fave. Excited they have bubblegum! - I obviously have the taste buds of a 6 yr old. My daughter really loved the cotton candy ice cream; I loved the technicolor goatee it gave her. My youngest enjoyed the circus animal cookie ice cream, she was picking out the cookies in between bites. We'll be back soon to try more flavors. This was our first ever Thrifty experience. Yummy!!
4	My go to flavor at Thrifty's is the Chocolate Malt Crunch, everything about it is great-- the taste, the texture. Pair it with the waffle cone, and it is a match made in heaven. The deals here are great, especially if you want to take a quart or pint of ice cream home. This location always has 2 people (at most) working at a time, and it looks understaffed at first glance, but they get the job done quickly and accurately.Definitely recommend stopping by.
4	Didn't know Thrifty's Ice Cream places actually existed.  They have all the flavors you're looking for and few a additional basics you'd expect from any parlor...go for the more unique and exotic flavors as those are the best.
5	Nom nom nom...delicious ice cream.  Specifically;Mint chip, chocolate chip, cookies and cream.  Inexpensive and yummy.
5	Every time I come here I ALWAYS get the Circus Animal flavor. If you haven't tried this flavor out, you are missing out! You can't go wrong with cheap ice cream! When I first saw the shape of the ice cream I was quite fascinated. I've never seen a scoop of ice cream look so cylindrical. The lines get pretty long and there's only two people working, but they try their best to make things move faster. Workers are also very friendly.
5	I love the ice cream here! I can't resist my circus animal crackers! My girlfriend makes fun of me for my girly flavors but its frickin awesome. It's my family's favorite place to come and grab a scoop of ice cream. I can't wait to try their shakes and ice cream sandwiches. You can get custom ice cream buckets to-go in either pints of quart size and they stuff it to the very top! Super friendly service even though they are always busy when I come. Thank you lord for your square shaped scoops of delicious ice cream!
4	Best ice cream ever! But worst bathroom ever. Needs a little cleaning. Friendly staff
5	Quite possibly the best ice cream shop ever!! The scoops are huge, and the ice cream is awesome! My family of five went in and and all got ice cream cones. My wife got a double scoop waffle, youngest son got a single scoop in a cone, my middle boy got a double scoop in a waffle bowl, my oldest son got a double scoop in a can dipped waffle cone,  and I got the tripple scoop in a waffle cone. ALL UNDER 20.00!!! Try doing that at dairy queen or any where else
5	Living in Henderson, there aren't many late-night stand-alone dessert options.  Enter Thrifty's! (they close at 10p)This place is a gem and I always go for a single scoop of ice cream in a waffle cone.  Price is very reasonable at $2.30 with tax!I've tasted many options including the Cherry Chip Vanilla, Birthday Cake, and Medieval Madness.  None of them disappoint. Last time I went in I met a patron there who was PASSIONATE about the milkshakes as well so I'm going to have to definitely try one of those next time.Quick service, cheap prices, yummy Ice cream, nice neighborhood.  I will be returning to try the other flavors and the milkshakes.
3	Staff always friendly, my only compliant is  the floor is a mess. The restrooms had bugs crawling on the wall.As long as they stay out of the ice cream, we will go back. Hope they read this and clean it up alittle
1	Dirty not sure why it is so difficult to mop in between customers.We will be going to Sweet Addictions on Green Valley and Warm Springs. They sell Thrifty Ice Cream  as well.
5	My brother just bought an entire pint of their Cotton Candy ice cream. I love the wide variety of flavors!
1	We ordered through a delivery service to have delivered to our office. The chocolate malted crunch was stale and old. So disappointed since I love going here. Wasted money on this delivery!
