4	Great food and service.  All menu items are good and service is always above par.  Good childrens menu.
4	I stopped by for lunch and had the Roasted Eggplant, Spinach & Feta Flat Bread Pizza and a Mango Lemonade both choices were delivered quickly and were very good. I would definitely ordered these items again. Service was very good.
5	I've hit this Uno's everytime I'm in Verona/Madison for my deep dish cravings.It is a nice location with a nice building and multi-levels and rooms.Huge menu of options with tons to try other then their awesome pizza (a must have/try).There is so much to try on the menu that sounds awesome... but other appetizers, I just have to get my pizza each and every time. So I have to taste sample from every one else. I'm working my way faster through the menu that way ;)They also have a large Gluten Free menu, with pizza even (and it was tasty).Staff is friendly and accommodating.They even did a private room with private buffet of pizzas and salad for a large group we had and just did a "pay per person" at the end.They also have a large selection of beers and drinks to choose from.And Spotted Cow on tap... which if you're in WI, you got to sling a few back.
4	Being just moved here, this was a place that was highly recommended to me. One of my favorites is the 9 wheat thin crust BBQ chicken pizza. Its healthier option plus deliciousness makes it one of my favorite places for take out. They have a take out curb-side option which is great. The one time we did dine in, the service was great. The booths that we sat at was a bit dusty and dirty, but nevertheless, we still order take out from this place quite often.
5	Best place ever I do not see anyone who would not like it
3	Great pizza, but on the small side. Everyone needs at least half, and probably a whole, pizza to themselves. This makes them a bit pricey.
2	Disappointed. My friends had the deep dish pizza and said it was not as thick and delicious as the one they had at Uno's in Chicago. The salad they ordered was mediocre, nothing special. I had the 5 grain thin pizza with eggplant spinach and tomato, which was okay. The most memorable part of the meal was observing our waiter who kept a dead-pan expression and lumbered slowly back and forth from the dining room to the kitchen. He only provided silverware for the salad eaters, not for those with pizza who might like to eat ingredients that fell off the pizza onto the plate. Shouldn't have to wait and request eating utensils. We all agreed we would not return.
2	Stopped here on Sunday night with a friend.  I hadn't been to Uno's in more than 15 years.We ordered 2 brews and a Numero Uno pizza - classic deep dish with tomatoes, peppers, onions, sausage and pepperoni.  Server was friendly and professional - he did a great job of checking in on us throughout the meal.The problem was with our pizza - it was ice cold in spots.  My dining pal explained that the pizzas are all kept frozen and reheated to order.  Really?  But it made sense, given the ice crystals that I could still see between the crust and the toppings...Our server took the pizza back to be "refired" and returned about 10 minutes later.  It still wasn't piping hot, but it was better.The pizza was good, but the frozen spots were a bit troubling.  Price was on the high side as well - $19 for a deep dish that barely fed 2 people; brews were more spendy than other places.Interior is nice, but the bar is quite small.  I'd imagine it would be an uncomfortable place if you were waiting for a table during a busy night.
4	It is sad to know that I live less than two hours away from Chicago, yet there are no local deep dish pizza places around.  To get my thick crust, cheese and sausage fix, I go to Uno's.  I never leave disappointed and always leave full. I like going there when my boyfriend and I can't really decide where to go for dinner because, frankly, you can ALWAYS eat pizza. :-D
2	We weren't really impressed. The service was fine, but the pizza wasn't very good. We got the Margharita and the basil was all wilty and dry. We probably won't go back even though we live within walking distance as there are better pizza places in town.
5	My mouth is watering as I think about the "Spinoccoli" dish. So. Good. Baked chicken is stuffed with broccoli and spinach (hence "spinoccoli"), feta, mozzarella, tomatoes, garlic, basil, and served over pesto pasta. It was so much food I could only finish half and was happy to eat the rest for lunch the next day. While we waited for our food, my roommate and I enjoyed the outdoor patio-seating as we sipped our $5 "Shaker's Choice Cocktail," which changes every month. May's was similar to a Mai Tai, and converted me to a pineapple juice fan. The only complaint I have is the entrance of the building isn't very inviting and seems like it's only intended for employees. I thought I made a mistake when we walked in and there wasn't anyone there to seat us. I almost walked out when a friendly waitress came around the corner and apologized for not seeing us. Small price to pay for such great food!
4	I have been here twice and am a big fan. Once boyfriend and I stopped in after shopping to have a beer, the other time we had drinks and the spinocclli pizza. Both times we sat in the bar area.I have no complaints about this place. It's quick, the vibe is great (in the bar area), and the food is served hot and delicious. The staff is friendly and we enjoyed ourselves.The only qualm I have is that the serving size isn't very large so you'd have to buy a few pizzas if out with more than two people. A good place to come for dinner and drinks with friends or a casual date.
3	There are many choices for lunch including  salad with all you can eat soup.  The rest of the lunch specials are on the back of the menu.  Eventhough this is a chain, I wasn't sure that they'd cater to a fast lunch crowd.
4	My family went here tonight for the first time. I have two young children one is three and the other one is six months. I found it to be very family-friendly. When we entered a very nice host seated us at a very nice table. He was all smiles and very friendly. He gave us a booth with lots of room for the car seat. We sat down and we were greeted immediately by the waitress. She was very helpful with my husbands dairy allergy. She took our order quickly and with a smile. The zucchini chips appetizer was delicious. We Ordered a pizza with eggplant on it and it was really good. I would definitely order that again. The vegetables were grilled perfectly and the sauce tasted really good. The cheese wasn't undercooked. The pizzas little expensive for the size they are but they are really tasty. The only other negative I would say that the floors under the booths were a bit dirty. Other than that I would definitely go there again.
2	In college there was an UNO Pizzeria not far from campus. I have fond memories of amazing pizzas and the famed chocolate chip cookie in a deep dish pan. UNO was the best, especially since Old Chicago put too much whipped cream in places it didn't need to be. However, if this is the state of UNO, I can see why it has closed in multiple cities. The spinach artichoke dip was mediocre at best. The signature UNO pizza was lacking in toppings and size. AND the signature birthday cookie is no longer! Now, the birthday treat is one of their mini desserts and I could find a better brownie in the Hostess aisle at Target.Besides the food, service was really great! They were attentive and friendly. If only the food hasn't had me wishing we had chosen Old Chicago instead.
5	This place is amazing! Good food and great service! It was a slow night so the bartender played trivia with us. They always make us feel welcome!
2	We got a cold pizza!  We told our waiter who wasn't very personable and he said okay I'll take it back and reheat it. When he brought it back to us the edges were piping hot but the center was still lukewarm . So if you want lukewarm microwaved pizza then this is your place. They had maybe 15 other people in there besides us so they were not busy at all.
1	HATED IT.. RUDE and incompetent waitress. We walked out after 15 minutes. She spilled drinks and didn't apologize OR clean up the table. We had to ask for silverware upon getting our appertizer. She returned 5 minutes later and said..sorry you have to wait until they WRAP the silverware in the napkins! I said just bring us some FORKS. She ACTUALLY GRUNTED and said something under her breath. I slammed down the menus and said WE ARE OUTTA HERE! And made a HUGE scene as the hapless manager followed us out the door. BUH-BYE!
