4	Obrigado!Ok to be fair, I'm Portuguese, they're Portuguese and I grew up around the corner.  This is a family business that has been there for at least 25 years.  The couple that owns it runs the place since the beginning.  He bakes the bread, she serves at the counter at times, and knows everyone in the community enough to ask how they are doing and wishes them well.It is well known among the community that THEY have the best Portuguese buns around. For about $3.60 you can get a dozen of them, trust me it's not too much, you'll eat them all.Also get the Fried Cod Balls!  I love these!  You can eat them cold, room temperature, or my fav, slightly warmed.  They also sell small "rissois" which are like mini empanadas with either beef or shrimp.  You can even buy a bag of these frozen and fry them at home!And above all, get the pasteis de nata!  $1.25 each of $12 for a dozen and they are yummy.  If you like custard, you'll love these.Just for the record Obrigado means thank you, so feel free to say so on the way out!Fuggedaboutit'
5	Simply amazing pastries. And wonderful people.
1	My husband and I went there late on a Saturday afternoon.  Three ladies were sitting occupying 3 of the 4 tables talking with each other... we had to squeeze ourselves in the remaining table in the middle... the conversation was so loud we could not hear ourselves think... the ladies kept getting up and knocking us in the process.  We put up with all of this thinking it would be worth it.We were soooooo wrong.  Stale pastries and my husband's cafe au lait was cold.  When we complained about the cold coffee the employee took it and added hot water to it turning it to dish water.I grew up here and this is not what I expect in Montreal.This seems a local hangout and if you are not a regular you are not welcome.  What a horrible experience.  To avoid at all costs!
3	Portuguese bakery?  Well that means only one thing to me.....time to get an egg tart!  I've had many egg tarts in my days so to me the perfect tart is characterized by the pastry itself.  It needs to be incredibly flaky, crisp, and of course the custard should be  soft without being overcooked.  This place turned out a decent egg tart but it didn't have the perfect pastry shell.  The dining space in here is pretty small with just a few small tables but it's still nice to be able to sit down and enjoy your newly purchase pastry.
5	A good Portuguese bakery in Montreal and threes plenty around. Eats/drinks- coffee is good- natas which also was very fresh. The crust was flakey and the cream was so light it didn't leave me fullLikes:- staff is friendly- good assortment of baked goods and there's a section of sausage as well as frozen goods- fresh and freshDislikes:- Limited seatingI've been here every day while in Montreal and I will be back tomorrow and the day I leave to take stuff home.
