1	We went to the Breeze Bar tonite @ Treasure Island so we could do some people watching while sipping a cocktail.The people watching was great - there were 2 really hammered guys behind our table - one of which kept asking his buddy to high five him and whenever he did, he would almost topple over.The bar itself, however, kinda sucked.I ordered a Pink Flamingo, which consists of ketel one Citroen, Grand Marnier, cranberry juice, and something or other non-alcoholic.What I got was a cranberry mess...WITH TEQUILA.If you know me, you know I don't do tequila.  It grosses me out.  It smells like pee.  It tastes like a toilet.  And yet, I got this drink w/ tequila & cranberry.  BARF.  The only good thing about tonite is that some guy dropped 2 $20 bills and I swooped right in and picked them up after he walked away.I'm now $40 richer.B*tches.
3	It could have more to do with the group of people I'm with when I end up at Breeze Bar at the end of the night, but I always have a good time here.  The drink prices may be a bit steep, but most of mine were strong... and hey, it's Vegas...
3	(stumbling onto the stage and grabbing the mic)Hello party people. The reviews for this typical hotel/resort bar are a bit harsh.This is a lounge...you know? The place where you go to watch the clustermess that is Las Vegas. You've been out at Tao across the street, but now you are stumbling into the casino at the T.I. You want one more drink...or maybe three before you call it a night. This is your spot.It's not the best bar in the world. You can pick up some sort of fruity cocktail for your lady, and maybe an ice cold miller lite for yourself. It's a 24 hour bar...you sure as hell don't have one of these in Iowa, Utah or even New York City. It's Vegas. Appreciate this bar for what it is.The seating is comfortable, and the decor is actually quite stimulating, particularly if you've had one or 15 cocktails.Enjoy it for what it is. A bar that NEVER closes...and its comfortable. It's for you.(getting yanked off stage and hands mic to next patron)
1	Don't go here, the bartenders are rude!!!
3	Its definitely not a partying place with a young crowd, but it is convenient and relaxing. With a view of all the bustling gamblers, its a place to people watch.Since my dad paid for the drinks, I didn't mind too muc.... but its pricey. Then again, it is Vegas and on the strip....most lounges are quite expensive. Limited vodka selection....I do love my blueberry and soda, but I had to settle for raspberry stoli and soda. If you want a quick drink, its an ok place to go to. If you want a cool ambiance with a youthful crowd, try other lounges...ones that cost admission.
1	This place sucks. Don't come here. I've been sitting at the bar for 25 minutes watching the bartenders stand there and talk to each other and laughing carrying on and they still haven't even acknowledged me.
1	The bar is your typical bar you would find in the middle of any casino floor.  The only difference is the bartenders are terrible.  They totally lacked any customer service skills of any kind.  It's like they really don't care about their jobs and were super bitter with life.  Two bartenders were on duty and another two were stocking the bar.  So it wasn't like they didn't have any help.It actually took us 10 minutes to get someone's attention.  When we did get the first bartender's attention.  He just looked at us but didn't do anything.  He just stood their watching TV.  Damn it.  I just got done running around trying to make a bet on a fight and basketball game.  I just want to chill and have a drink.  Even the guys stocking the bar weren't any help.  They just said "I am stocking the bar.  I am not a bartender."; I am like "Okay.  Can you get the bartender.  I would like a drink.".  How hard is that?When we finally do get a bartender.  She is a female and she is in a terrible mood.  I am thinking in my head.  What is going on?  She even insults my buddy for ordering a White Russian.  She says that my friend is ordering a girl's drink.  What?  The Big Lewbowski drinks them and he is the man.All and all.  There are many places you can go and pay for overpriced cocktails.  No need to come here.  My friend and I renamed the Breeze Bar to the "Tornado Bar".  You have been warned.
4	What can I say? A normal bar, one guy working there, an older asian man. He was totally nice, and from my hometown (haha tons of Hawaii people in Vegas!). It wasn't busy at all , we got a spot at the bar.The Mermaid's Mojito was the most delicious drink I had on the strip, though it was weak, the fresh strawberries and rock candy made it sweet and delicious! The usual prices, $12 ish. My boyfriend got the other mojito (I forgot the name) but it was basically Hypnotiq, but he loved it with the mint.
1	My friend and I decided to go to this bar for a quick drink before he had to work. We only had 20 minutes to hang out before he started so we quickly sat down and anxiously awaited service. The bar was pretty dead. I saw about 4 bartenders/cocktail girls running around, although I'm not too sure why. There were dirty tables scattered throughout the rather large bar and only about 3 small parties of guests present. We didn't want to be rude and get drinks from the bar since we were planning to hangout in the seated cocktail lounge area. Didn't want to cheat anyone out of a tip. After over 5 minutes of waiting patiently we noticed that a group that had walked in a few minutes after us was already being helped. At this point I lost my patience. This happening AND us being in a hurry was not a good combination. We each ordered 2 cocktails from the bartender then sat back down in our lounge area to drink them both, in the 5 minutes that we had left to kick it. What a f#%@&ing bummer. Ugh.
4	Not a huge bar, but a great place in TI to watch people, drink, watch the ball game and play video poker.We drank for free for two hours because we were playing max bets on video poker. Bartenders are friendly and funny and its right next to the Coffee Shop and entrance to the Casino.Pretty good little spot!
3	This is a bar in a casino. It has its purpose. Judge it on that, won't you :)
5	This is one of my favorite 'casino' bars in Las Vegas.  I like the atmosphere and the decor, plus it's smack dab in the middle of the TI Casino.  Drink prices are about par with the rest of the casino bars in Vegas, but the wait and bar staff are top notch.
4	This is the bar in the middle of the TI. It's a good place to people watch and it's right by the table games so a good spot for people to hang out who don't really gamble. For being a bar in the middle of the TI, the prices weren't too bad. I know you probably think I'm rich for saying $6.50 for a draft beer is reasonable, but try to get that price at any of the other major hotels on the strip. The service here is sort of slow, but no one is really in any big hurry when hanging out here so mind as well kick back and relax.
5	One of the best bars so far. I am local and Harrison has been one of the best bartenders I have ever had. He made us feel welcomed and made the best strawberry mojitos I have ever tried. He was polite and kept checking on us. If you are ever in Treasure Island ask for him he is the best!!!
4	This bar is located right on the casino floor, about halfway between the elevators and the entrance to Treasure Island. I've never ordered food here, but whenever I'm visiting for work this tends to be the most convenient place to meet up for drinks. During the day they have beer bucket specials, which are great if you're buying beer for a group. Sometimes you receive a coupon for a buy one get one drink when you check in as well. I'm not a smoker, and it's worth noting that people seem to smoke cigars in the Breeze Bar fairly often. That's not my favorite thing. They make a great Dark and Stormy, with good quality Ginger Beer. When it's a bit earlier and there are waitresses working, the service is great. When it's later and you have to order at the bar, it can be hit or miss.
4	It was okay, watching a football game while having a beer was nice. Good place to get beer and just relax while you wait for your family to watch the show when you are too poor to go.
