5	Best experience ever! Got an oil change/vehicle serviced and it was actually painless! Lauren Dalton made it easy and stress free. With her knowledge and expertise I never had a doubt in my mind. She is very professional and knows her stuff! Thanks again for a wonderful job well done!
5	Laura did a great job with my Toyota!  She is organized and always pleasant.  She always gives me accurate estimates and has my van ready on time.
2	In regards to the customer service and services provided, Griffin Brothers does a good job. They have a shuttle to take you to and from your house/work while your car sits at the shop. HOWEVER........ I took my car in for an oil change and for the NC inspection, and they called me back to tell me that I had a broken radiator. I asked for a price and they told me it would be a whopping 800$! I declined and brought my car back home, went to autozone, purchased a BRAND NEW RADIATOR for 130$ and had a friend install it in under one hour. I normally would not write a review, but I really feel like they were going to take advantage of me and because the difference of prices is over 650$, it thought it was worth writing. Dear Griffin Brothers, makes me really sad to see you act like other mechanics, trying to rip me off because I am a girl. Shame on you.
1	I had a terrible experience at this Griffin Brothers. They damaged my oil pan, lied and stated it was dented and needed to be replaced, after several oil changes that required me to go back as my car continued to leak oil, I was finally informed that my pan was stripped, not dented at all. They claimed it wasn't stripped by them, however I have been getting my oil changed at this location for two years. Finally, they offered to split the labor cost only with me and replace the pan and when I was not satisfied, told me "you will never be satisfied" and rescinded the offer. Very shady business practices and poor management as the manager herself failed to speak with me directly. After an ugly scene they did reinstate their "generous" offer. This place is not at all worth the fancy lobby with free beverages. I wonder what Larry Griffin, Jr would think about how this location is being run?
5	Amazing service and honest. Brought my car in with check engine light on and braced myself for huge bill. They looked at it and said my gas cap was just loose. Wow,  they could have easily taken advantage of me bit didn't and I appreciate that.
5	I bought a set of new tires this week.  Was helped by Lauren, the Store Manager.  She took her time explaining the differences between several different tires.  Once I decided which ones I wanted, she worked with me to schedule a time convenient for me.There was a delivery problem that day and the tires I ordered didn't come in.  Lauren took care of this issue quickly and actually gave me a better set of tires for the same price.When I went to pick up my car, it was ready as promised.  Everyone I dealt with at Griffin was extremely helpful and friendly.  Thank you Chris, Brian and Lauren.  This was a very positive experience.I highly recommend this location of Griffin Bros.
1	My car broke down at Harris teeter, I figured since they were across the street I would give them a shot.  They charged me 119.00 just to connect to the car and diagnose it.  They told me it was a faulty fuel pump and filter and the total to fix would be 780.00.  I called autozone and can by a fuel pump for 109.00.  Really 700.00 in labor I towed the car home and now have a total of 190.00 in the car and it don't run.  I'm going to change the filter before I buy the pump if that's all it is it would cost 10.00.  In our economy who can afford those prices their mechanics were just standing around smoking outside the bays.  If you have money to blow go here they will take your money for sure.
2	Stopped in for an oil change, and left being told my breaks were about to fail due to leaking, and wanted $800.... none of that seemed right, I had not noticed any break issues. Had a mechanic friend take a look, and he assumed me it was major BS... drove all the way to Florida, and had a trusted mechanic take a look. I "could stand that have my break pads replaced, but otherwise looks great". I honestly feel like they tried to "girl" me into paying for unnecessary work. It is a shame because I really appreciated their shuttle service, and would have liked to use them again. Buyer beware!
5	This past weekend was extremely busy for me. After two kids' soccer games I had to get ready to host seven ten-year-olds at my home for a birthday slumber party (complete with shuttling them to Defy Gravity trampoline park!) As Murphy's Law would have it, I noticed a nail in the driver's side rear tire of my new SUV and it was leaking air . . . fast. It was 4:30pm when I noticed the leak and 4:50p (after refilling it with air at a local gas station) that I realize the leak was fast and I'd need it fixed before I could safely transport all those kids that evening.I called Griffin Brothers Tires and started to explain, and they kindly said: come on in . . . we'll wait for you. (Mind you this was 4:50p and I'm sure they were all eager to get home bc they closed at 5p that night.)As promised, they were there when I arrived (a few mins past 5p actually) and got me fixed up and out the door in no time. The best part? It was 100% FREE! They've won my business and loyalty for life with their actions this past weekend. Here's a hearty salute to Chris and Michael who made my day . . . .THX!!
