3	Calabash-style fish camp... sure it's not the best food in the world but it is an experience. I stick with the fish sandwich. Everything here is fried and it seems to draw quite a crowd. There is often a long wait at peak hours. I would suggest going early if you want to get in in a reasonable amount of time. My nephew loves the aquarium near the hostess podium. Good hush puppies.It's an inexpensive southern experience. Why not? (High cholesterol is a good answer to that question- but other than that I mean).
4	Sometimes you just feel like a big plate of fried seafood.  We've driven past Captain Steve's on several occasions and always saw a full parking lot.  A friend of mine went there, and told me it was pretty good and that they offered huge portions for the prices.  It was a Friday night and, in the mood for seafood, we finally decided to give the Captain a try.  We got there around 6:30 p.m. and, thankfully, didn't have to wait to be seated, despite the almost full parking lot.  Had we gotten there a bit later, though, there was a definite wait on a Friday night.  The interior was well-themed and, since it looks like the building used to be a giant rollerskating rink, was much nicer inside (with a lot of dividing walls) than I had anticipated.  Instead of bread, we were brought a basket of round hushpuppies as a little appetizer.  Wow.  They were the best hushpuppies I've ever had; not dry at all, and if they were, the honey butter accompanying them would have made them slide down easy. :-)The menu was pretty full.  They had a lot of "basic" fried and broiled seafood options, including combination plates.  I hadn't had fried clams in a long time and had a craving for them.  I ordered the large portion since it was only about 75 cents more than the small.  What a large portion it was.  It was a definite mound of fried clams for only $8.50 or so -- plus a side item.  I brought about half of the clam strips home, although I'm not quite sure if we'll eat them.  Reheated fried clams doesn't sound all that appetizing.Next time I'm going to try something broiled.  Although tasty, all of that fried food made me very sleepy...at around 8:00 pm on a Friday night.
3	The volume of business here is testament to the truism that if you batter and deep fry the  hell out of anything edible, you'll have a line out the door waiting to pay you for the experience of consuming it. Overall it's good and the portions are nice. Somewhere past all the fried there is fish (or so I"m told).
4	When you are craving tartar sauce, sweet tea and everything fried, try Capt. Steve's on Monroe Road.  On my first visit, my husband and I had grilled tuna steak.  It was plain, but fresh.  We saw mounds of fried seafood coming out of the kitchen.  Needless to say, we do not go there with eating healthy on our minds anymore.  It is Deluxe Seafood Platter all the way!!They serve heaping portions of fried seafood, when it comes out of the kitchen it is consistently too hot to eat.  Isn't that what counts whilst eating fried food?  I think new owners took over, but the food was still the same on my last visit.  Great place to take out of town guest for a local experience.  I put my name in the fish bowl for a free lunch and they called me, I need to go this week!! I am going to rate it 4 corndogs.
5	I went to the Fort Mill S.C location, just because its very close by to the school I work at.  It was my first time eating here and I was surprised at the amount of people waiting to get a seat (but it was lunchtime, so understandable).  It was a nice themed place, clean and very friendly, the down south kind friendly.  Me being from California find anyone who calls me 'sweetheart' or 'honey' very endearing :)Anyway, we were seated and immediately were served a huge pile of hushpuppies with honey butter.  It was so awesome, I just kept popping 'em in my mouth.  The other 2 teachers I was with were regulars, so they skipped the hush p's.........more for me!  I ordered the salt and peppered catfish fillets with onion rings.  And it came out fairly fast while still being fresh out of the fryer.  It also came with coleslaw, which was very unappetizing.  I enjoyed my food very much and actually felt like my pant button was about to pop out.  But I only ate about 25% off my plate!  Very huge portions, very good food and very good service.  I took home the rest and my 2 sisters had a meal out of it :DI would go here any day and recommend it to all!
4	A W E S O M E ! ! ! ! !  This place rocks.  We are from out of town and stopped by to have a fish camp experience.  WOW, delicious!!  We had the fried oysters, broiled fish and fried scallops.  You WILL NOT be disappointed in this restaurant.  It was so busy, too- great to see a local "camp" being so loved by it's patrons.
5	I almost wanna write 2 reviews so the place could get 10 stars from me. I love this place. (check the open and closing time).This place has been around for a few years. Actually the 2nd location. Everytime I speak on this place, I tell ppl that they will bring you a TO-GO BOX when they bring your food out b/c YOU WILL NOT finish the food. Salt & Pepper fish, shrimpNot sure why in the south ordering Tea is heard as... "PLEASE BRING ME BROWN SUGAR WATER...PLEASE...PLEASE"... no biggie, its the norm around these parts. No knock on this place. I always get the Create you Combo... 3 for (I forgot how much) instead of the Create Your Own 2 for (I forgot how much)Scallops are hugeHushpuppies are good... (I usually only eat 3 or 4...don't want to get full off fried bread balls)The other location in S.C. probably offers MORE food to plate ratio. (since its the original location). I often ordered the Crab Legs to go from the SC location. I'll think I'll write a review on that as well.  (CTRL + C, CTRL V) this article. Go EnjoyCheer's
4	The food was good and filling. I took enough for a second meal home in a doggy bag. I had the salt and pepper catfish and the jumbo shrimp. The hushpuppies are the size of tater tots and tasty. The sweet tea was very good. The service was decent, albeit it a tad slow with the beverages. Not a big deal. The muzak is 90s pop and the atmosphere is comfortable. Not too loud. Would definitely return.
4	Review is primarily for takeout, haven't dined it yet.  Who can argue with fried seafood?  One day out of the blue I got a craving for fried oysters.  Being homebound with a newborn my lovely husband went to pick up a couple of captain's platters - a generous heap of fried scallops, oysters, jumbo shrimp, little shrimp, fish, hush puppies and some deviled crab.  I ordered two platters for three hungry adults, plus three bowls of chowder, and there was enough food for dinner for all of us plus lunch for two of us the next day.The amount of food is of course the star.  The fried oysters hit the spot for me, and I also really liked the deviled crab.  The only negative thing I would say is that the platter was definitely dominated by the little shrimp - I suppose it's the cheapest thing, but the plates were like 65% little shrimp.  Yeah it was good but I'd prefer more of the other stuff.  Eh, not a dealbreaker.  The chowder was kind of mediocre.Not very expensive at all, especially considering the massive amount of food you get.  This might just be our standby local non-fancy seafood stop.As of 2/26/12 their website is kaput but their menu can be found at allmenus.com.
3	Captain Steve's has some pretty delicious and definitely inexpensive fried fish.  However, their sides (except the hush puppies) are nothing to write home about, which is a little disappointing.I have been here a few times now.  On my first trip, I ordered the small plate of the fried Alaskan whitefish.  My partner ordered Steve's Fisherman platter.  Just before taking our order, the waitress brought us a basket of hush puppies with tubs of honey butter.  The hush puppies were fresh and quite delicious.  Then came our massive quantities of food.  The "small" platter of fish came with three large filets, more hush puppies, a heaping portion of onion rings, and a small plastic bowl of coleslaw.  The fish comes either with salt and pepper or plain.  I ordered the salt and pepper, and the fish was just delicious!  The batter completely coated the fish, but it was not too heavy and the seasoning was just right.  My biggest complaint is with the onion rings and slaw.  The rings were obviously made from scratch, but the batter was quite plain and the rings were flavorless.  The cabbage in the slaw was basically minced, and it was the slightly sweet vinegar style, which I don't care for at all.  But the fish was truly, truly delicious.Steve's Platter included fried flounder (in the salt and pepper batter), calabash shrimp, deviled crab, fried oysters, fried scallops, and fried baby shrimp.  The flounder was also very tasty, although not as good as the whitefish (more fishy-tasting, but not necessarily bad).  The calabash shrimp was also SO delicious, with the texture and consistency of the batter being quite perfect.  The deviled crab reminded me of a crab cake with more of a pickle flavor, and I enjoyed it.  My partner greatly enjoyed the fried oysters, and while I am generally don't like oysters, I enjoyed them too.  The scallops were quite good, but very rich.  Finally, the baby shrimp were good and quite plentiful.  He also ordered the onion rings, and on the large platters, the sides are even larger still.  Other reviewers are correct - this is an INSANE amount of food.  I have always left here full and with another leftovers for a whole other meal.Service has always been good.  The wait staff each time has been friendly and quite helpful.  The decor is very fitting, with fish and fishing gear spread across the restaurant.  However, I will say that it is quite loud in there when it gets busier in there.  Sound really seems to echo in there.Other important things to know - Tuesdays is all you can eat crab legs night.  It costs $32 a person, but they bring out buckets of crab legs to the table.  On Wednesdays kids eat free.  The also offered broiled seafood for those who are wanting to be slightly more health-conscious.  It's also pretty reasonably priced.  My partner and I have gotten two dinners and two drinks, and each time walked out of there full for less than $30 + tip.  Come here with a big appetite.So their seafood and hush puppies are both pretty decent.  However, this place would be even more magnificent if they just had some better sides (maybe dip the onion rings into the salt & pepper batter).  They get a solid 3 for now.
3	There really aren't that many fish camps left in Charlotte proper. Heck, there aren't that many of anything left in Charlotte proper. We're too busy clearing out everything to build something else to keep anything, much less the lonely fish camp. But Steve's is a reasonable facsimile of a fish camp. To get anything better you have to make a decent drive, to for us city dwellers, it will do just fine.Most fish camps get rather busy, especially on the weekends, and Steve's is no different there. Pull into the lot at the wrong time and you will think you were left off the guest list to the family reunion. This place can get busy.Still, it is not much of a secret that the best days of Steve's are likely behind it. As enjoyable as they are, mounds and mounds of fried food are just not as appetizing as they once were, and don't tell anyone, but just as Charlotte refuses to hold onto anything from the past, we are also not exactly a hotbed for seafood. Do not be dismayed, however. Wear your pajama jeans or unbuckle your belt, shimmy into the booth and partake in the glory of the oil-basted goodness as you feel your arteries harden.Then eat salads for the next few weeks.
2	I took my wife here for lunch today. We both tried the clam chowder, which although pretty tasty,  was thin and the carrots and potato were under cooked. I tried the Alaskan Whitefish and the salt and pepper catfish fillet. Both were tasty, but there was enough oil to puddle on the bottom of my plate. I tried the onion rings and found them to be large and without much flavor.  The problem with the coleslaw is that they chop the cabbage too finely and it turns out more like a mush than a salad. The worst part was, even though the parking lot was almost empty, it took longer waiting in line to pay the bill than it did to eat the meal Would I go back? Yeah...the next time I have an overwhelming desire to listen to my arteries harden  while I ate!
4	The only things I don't care for are the booths are not very comfortable, like reverse ergonomics. And the catsup is very watered down and bland. The food is aplenty and very fresh and hot. The service is still friendly and the sweet iced tea is great as well, not bitter at all unlink many restaurants.
3	eight of us dined here Friday night it was quick hush puppies are good the french fries were good but I should've known better than to order chicken at a seafood place it left something to be desired overall everyone said it was okay
4	This is a good place for lunch. Their prices are great, and they'll broil anything for a dollar more. Even though we're not on the coast, the seafood tasted fresh. I had to pick the bones out of the flounder, but that is usually a good sign if you're looking for freshness. The service is warm and friendly and the environment is comfortable. Great local place.
4	I've eaten there several times.  The food is always very good and you get plenty for a good price.  The sweet tea is also very good and the hush puppies are some of the best I've eaten.  The waitresses are always very pleasant and efficient, even when the place is packed.  The seats are a bit uncomfortable but part of that could be due to my bad back!  Overall. it's a great, inexpensive place to eat!
3	Mound of brown.  Go with those words.Was wondering if everything is made from scratch here, and was told yes.Had the 3 combo platter of fried clamp strips, fried oysters, and fried scallops.  A huge mound of brown was brought out, that included hush puppies and onion rings.  Onion rings weren't impressive.  Seemed like a thin coating of cornmeal.  Everything else was good, but could barely eat 1/2 of the platter.Reason is I had the raw oysters as an appetizer, and presentation was sub par, but I didn't care b/c they gave me 14 oysters shucked and placed onto lettuce for $5.95.  All I had to do was dab some cocktail sauce and eat.Had the oyster stew, and it was poor.  A few fresh oysters in a light cream soup.  Not what I expected.  The clam chowder tasted OK.The 2 combo platter with the fish filet gives you two huge filets.Prompt service and a good mix of black and white folks enjoying the grub here.
2	This place used to be good but food quality, quantity, and service has really went way down.  Went on a Saturday night and place was mostly empty. I guess others already knew what I just figured out :(
5	Went to Captain Steve's for lunch today.  The service was great, the food came fast, even though we slightly customized it.  The food was excellent and we had no complaints of any kind.  This was our first time and we will now be regulars.
4	Be prepared to wait but well worth the wait.  GREAT!!! seafood place.  I love, love, love fried seafood.  Fried shrimp are usually my favorite but the salt and pepper catfish is terrific.  I will order just the catfish next time I come in ... which I hope is soon.  Great hushpuppies, received slaw but did not try it (just not a fan of coleslaw, except my own).  We went last week, it was threatening rain but the parking lot looked like Walmart at Christmas and 50+ people waiting at the front door.  Certainly worth the trip!  And oh yeah, they are great with their service!
5	The food here was very good and the crab legs are even better. Our waitress was so nice and friendly she made it worth coming back for. The wait wasn't that long to me but if you want your food cooked fresh and hot I don't mind waiting. Be prepared for a lot of food my husband and I shared a plate and it was enough for both of us.
5	The prime rib was Awesome! and  my T bone was good. The service was good and John the owner came out to meet us and brought me and my brother a sample of the BBQ Ribs. Yummy!!!!
2	Tried Captain Steve's (take out) for the the first time this evening. We ordered three meals: The Fisherman's Platter, Fried Oysters, and Small Shrimp. The portions were generous but the taste was pedestrian at best. The seafood was on par with that of similar places like Captain's Galley and Mayflower, but the baked potatoes were overcooked, the onion rings were limp, and the hush puppies were the worst we have ever had. Not going back.
4	Captain Steve's is great! It's your typical Southern fish camp and the food is excellent as well as the service. I had the large combo seafood platter which consisted of jumbo shrimp & deviled crabs. Everything was cooked to perfection. The onion rings were a little salty but who doesn't like a little salt on their onion rings? My wife had a fish sandwich and she said it was great! I remember eating at this place when I was a kid and it was called the Hideaway! It was great then and it's great now! Go dig in!
2	All Captain Steve's are not created equal.  Charlotte looks the same but it most certainly is not.  The hushpuppies were pretty much the same.  They ran out of crabmeat on a Tuesday night so my sister couldn't have stuffed flounder.  She said the flounder was ok.  My tradition at Fort Mill Captain Steve's is clam chowder and a half order or crab legs.  New England Clam Chowder should be white.  They added carrots and sprinkled it with Paprika.  No.  Terrible IMHO.  My crab legs were over cooked and looked terrible.  The meat crumbled.  I have never had that happen anywhere but I had already returned the chowder.  And here is the absolute worst - They gave me margarine to dip the crab in.  Flavorless yellow Jell-o goop.  I'd rather use movie theatre "butter" than margarine.  Shape up Charlotte Captain Steve's!  And for the general public choosing, I highly recommend Fort Mill. Highly.
4	I  had passed by Captain Steve's on several occasions and always remarked I wanted to try it out. My wife and I did this past weekend, and it was definitely worth the trip from South Charlotte.The decor is simplistic but definitely works in their favor - it has more of a "fish camp" feel to it. The food is excellent but the portions are way too large for any one person, which amazingly enough is the only thing I didn't care for. My wife and I could easily have shared a plate, and will probably do so in the future.Good comfort food here. My catfish filets were light and flavorful, and my wife's blackened flounder, she told me, was outstanding. The hushpuppies are to die for. Definitely plan on taking home portions for later!
5	What a great, casual seafood restaurant! This place is really popular, so there's usually a lot of people, but never a wait. I enjoy the pick two/three fish meal. It's enough food to eat twice over again for a very inexpensive price. It's definitely a great family restaurant.. I love it!
4	All you can eat crab legs Tuesday night.....loved it.Arrived around 5, not crowded by any means.Great waiter, had no problem bring us plate after plate.We'll be going again!
5	One of the best waitresses I've ever had works here! Her name was Eva & she MADE the experience. She was sweet from the second we sat down & she can SANG! She sang for he birthday celebrants & a couple of tables, including ours. Go on Thurs, Fri, & Sat because that's when she works. You get ALOT of food for the money you pay. & The hush puppies are SO good! I had the crab cakes with sweet potato. The potato was the half the size of my plate. Definitely worth it.
2	This restaurant was okay.  I wish they would turn down the 1,000 watt lights so you could relax while having dinner!  The decor is "interesting" and definitely needs updating, however it is whimsical in a way. The lights ruin the entire experience.The food was decent but not great.  My husband tried Grouper fish for the first time.  It was so fishy that he could barely eat it.  The server told us that was the type of fish it was, after he ordered and complained about the fishiness.  No "fresh" fish should ever taste or smell fishy.  On a positive note, I had the shrimp skewers that were very good and so was the fried okra.  The server was very nice and went on and on about how great the food was.  Again, it was okay but due to the extremely bright lights, loud decor and fishy fish, we won't be back.
5	I love Captain Steve's. The customer service is always through the roof. I love the salt and peppered catfish. The hush puppies and tea..... Soooo good! Captain Steve's will remain a favorite of mine.
3	The food at Captain Steve's is the sole reason to visit -- it is terrific. I'm not sure if it is worth the noise, the crowd and the spotty, careless service that seems to stop completely right after the appetizer is delivered to the table.
4	Great seafood hours from the coast! Very friendly staff and nice nautical theme. Restaurant large enough to handle busy crowds, but still has a family owned feel. Highly recommend checking this place out!
3	This was my first "Fish Camp" experience and overall I thought it was pretty decent. I made the mistake of checking out the Yelp reviews after I ordered my small fried shrimp platter. Someone posted a photo of the shrimp that were not deveined  which  I could have gone without seeing. I tried to suck it up because the shrimp were miniature so I would imagine most of the time they are not deveined but the breading hides it. Anyway, I survived and the shrimp tasted just fine. The cocktail sauce was good and spicy, and side-note, they serve awesome ranch dressing. Overall the food was pretty good and super plentiful ..the small platter (around $8.50) easily made two meals.  Where they fell off for me was cleanliness. The place just felt dirty....basically everything on the table seemed to have a thin layer of grease on it.  I know it's tough when serving fried food to keep menus and tables clean, but when large crumbs fall out of the menu that's a good sign they need a little scrubbin. The service was on the slower side but they were busy splitting bills for a large birthday party. Overall we were happy with our server and this wasn't a big deal.
