1	If you need a lawyer, do not consider Mike Troncellito (MT).   After saying hello and shaking hands, we sat down in his office where I started to explain the reason why I needed a lawyer. Ladies, pay attention:  MT haughtily and sarcastically said, "H-E-L-L-O" (for the second time), and then told me I was AGGRESSIVE.  What the...Memo to the arrogant and self-important:  it's not in your best interest to insult people you don't know because we can be vengeful, spiteful, and downright INSANE.And one more thing...we get even.  In fact, we get better than even:  we leave our calling card on every website possible and let the entire world know what we think of you.  Little people like me that people like you - people who consider themselves superior because they have a law degree - think you can talk down to have a forum, a very wide-ranging forum.MT knew within 30 seconds that he didn't want my case; however, rather than tell me that outright, I had to sit through 25 minutes of "joe six-pack, carrie cleaning lady, and other blue collar types won't be sympathetic to you."   MT LOVES to hear himself talk.  Ladies, beware - he is extremely condescending.  MT was the guy in high school (because like it or not, everyone can be traced back to those four wonderful, treasured years we spent in high school) that nobody looked at twice.  He looks less like a law school grad and more like a fast food worker.  He looks out of place in his office, which resembles the inside of a model home.  Our meeting consisted of MT highlighting the bad points of my case.  Whatever I said positive, he turned into a negative.After he finally said he wouldn't take my case, I made the mistake of asking him to recommend another attorney.  MT's  responsed to my request was a question (I'm paraphrasing here because I don't' recall the exact words he used):  "Have you ever smelled milk in your fridge that's gone bad?  I mean really bad, so bad that it smells like..."  I didn't bother to answer.  In other words, since my case was so awful and he didn't want it, why in the world would anyone else?Taking the milk analogy one step further - cream being the best, sour milk the worst - would you rather hire an attorney employed at Fennimore Craig (cream) or MT (sour milk)?MT is not Harvard or Yale,  which I know to some people is a good thing;  He's Rutger's law by way of the University of Scranton. (University of Scranton?  Really?  Is this related to McDonald's Hamburger University?)MT handed me his business card.  After a few seconds, I slipped it back in the card holder on his desk.    MT said,   "You can't find any use for my card?"Absolutely not.(Update:  MT emailed me after reading this review shortly after it was published.  After reading the first few words, I deleted his email and didn't respond.  Let him comment in this forum, if he dares.)
4	Everyone, when considering Mr. Troncellito, make sure you read the filtered review on here, as he has responded to Nestrelda's review. I'm not quite sure why his is filtered, and her hatchet job is left to stand, but so be it.
5	Wow.... Just.... Wow.  There are some angry people on here!I originally came here looking for Mr. Troncellito's phone number to provide my mother to refer her to his office.  I dealth with him in early 2011 and I was originally referred to him by a friend.I can honestly say I did not have any issues with Mike or any member in his office.  He took my small claims case, was very friendly, charismatic, not aggressive, quick-witted, did not use any off-beat analogies (I mean, who really enjoys sour milk?), and did a great job overall.  Also, his office was very clean, nicely set up, and his staff members are efficient -- they get the job done. If you have any questions or want proof that he helped me out with a case in time of need (i.e. this is not spam), feel free to message me directly.
