5	This place is a miracle for people who love their pets, and care about what they feed them. They sum it up well with their philosophy,  "When we opened the shop, I think we did it a bit backwards.  Instead of deciding we wanted to open a pet shop, then finding a space, contacting local wholesalers and picking from their lists for our inventory, we started from the premise that there were some really fine products that were hard for Pittsburghers to find." If you are not in the Regent Square area, there is also an online store, and can have these products delivered. If you are in the area, but need something delivered, Animal Nature will deliver for a small fee. The website is very informative, listing local resources and products they do and don't carry and reasons why.     The owners, and one staff member who work here are very knowledgeable and very friendly. You can bring your pet with you, and often whoever is working has brought a pet with them which is a great chance for animal socialization.      The products they have are eco-friendly, human-grade, sustainable, organic, and fair-trade& come from companies who donate back to rescue organizations, sanctuaries, or other animal causes. They have a variety of dry kibble, canned and raw food. They also carry pet supplies, treats and supplements. We love PLAQUE-OFF a natural supplement we add to our Pekingese dry kibble to aid in removing tartar build-up.      If you are not used to buying premium, high-grade animal food, the prices may surprise you a little at first. Just remember, high-grade food is more nutrient dense meaning you need less food to fill your four-legged friend. It's also easier for your dog to digest. Feeding well now will save your animal's health in the future! Be sure to ask Nina and Ute for more information if you have any questions!
2	I really want to love this store, but unfortunately I have had too many frustrating experiences for me to review them highly. Their philosophy totally represents how I try to care for my pets and family. They are located a perfect distance from me to just stop by and pick up what I need. The downside for me is that every time I go there the item I am looking for is no longer carried. Even if it is listed on their website as an item they own. They carried treats that worked perfectly for my dog, but then replaced them with something he refuses to eat. They also carried the dog food I feed my dog (even though it is still listed on their website). I also find them to be condescending when speaking to me about the products, as if I am not really interested in what is best for my dog. Or when I enter the shop, ask for a specific item I am looking for that they once carried, simply smile and say now we recommend "insert other treat/food" Not "Sorry for the inconvenience, thank you for stopping in and we hope to see you again"  They also always seem to have some sort of technical issue, cash register no working, online store down for maintenance. Many times I gave them a pass for being a new store but they have been open long enough that these things should be running smoothly. Sometimes it seems like the owners are more interested in delivering a philosophy than about running an efficient business.
5	My picky puppy wouldn't eat the food sent home with him from the shelter, so I stopped in at Animal Nature and they were so helpful!  The woman recommended a food that wouldn't break the bank and gave me a ton of free samples to take home to my dog.  He loves the food and I couldn't be happier that my puppy will finally eat!  The shop itself is super cute and well organized.  Its full of bunnies and cats and a super cute puppy and you can tell that the owners really care about their business.  I'll definitely be returning!
3	I SO want to love this place.  They have cool, high-quality products and it's clear they care deeply about the animals they serve-- and that's kind-of part of the problem.  I've been in for several visits and each time, I have been treated with condescension and judgement.  I do the absolute best I can for my dog.  Each time I asked a question about a product, I was made to feel that if I couldn't afford to buy the absolutely top-of-the-line toys, food, treats, etc.... for my pup, then I shouldn't have a dog in the first place.  While I checked out with some stuff, the woman behind the counter wouldn't even look me in the eyes and barely said a word.  I would normally think, eh, she's having a bad day, but it has been this way every time I've gone there. Eventually, i started going to the only other store that carries the food I use in the city - Petagogy in Shadyside (which I love!).  Bottom line- great products, but be prepared for poor customer service if the staff doesn't judge you to be a "good enough" pet owner.
5	This is an amazing place to have tucked away in one of the smallest neighborhoods in Pittsburgh.I went in with nothing on my mind to buy, just to browse.  After a few minutes of being in here I of course found several items that piqued my interest.  I browsed the shelves just to familiarize myself to what was in stock.  So much to look through, so little time I had to do it.  After going up and down the few aisles they have, I found myself by the cat items and noticed something I wanted.  I was distraught at first thinking they only had it for cats and not dogs.  Luckily an employee was nearby and informed me that they do indeed have what I wanted for dogs, just not where I was looking.  She took me to where this item was, actually several different varieties of the item and the only difficulty I had was choosing the one I thought my little man would enjoy more.Awesome thing about this place is that they have a shop cat that roams about and is so friendly.  I went to pay and the cat jumped up on the counter and greeted me.  They also had two chickens that you can view from both inside and outside the store since they were in one of the window areas.  Another amazing thing this place does, and it may not be all the time, is find displaced animals homes.  My recent trip showed that they had a bunny, whose owner was deployed for the military, was in need of a home.  If I could, I'd give this place more than five stars.
4	We stopped here before going to Alma Pan Latin Kitchen next door. We were greeted by the owners small dogs who were so precious and sweet. There was also a cat hanging around that demanded your ear scratches and belly rubs when you go to the check out counter.My husband and I have a pug and he is the center of our universe. We're crazy pug people and we wave that flag proud. We're really big proponents of feeding dogs all natural food and staying away from grocery store brands. This store is full of top of the line brands that area good for your pet. They also have a variety of treats and other natural pet items. We got our dog a chew treat that was made of yak. It was a hard stick type treat that we thought would be great because our little guy loves to chew. Needless to say, he loved it.
5	The best thing about this store is the knowledgeable staff.  Everyone who works there owns dogs and has lots of dog experience, and so I always get awesome help when I go in.  And the vibe there is really relaxed and kind--no one pressures you buy stuff or makes you feel like you have to hurry up. The Saturday dog washes and Monday food truck are also fantastic.
5	The help that I have been given managing Lacey, my foster cockers diabetes has been life changing for her and me.  She has gone down from 8 1/2 units of insulin to 6 units all through changing her diet and following the advice given by Nina Wolf.  She now plays and wags her tail like a happy dog. Nina Wolf was the one to tell me straight up that "my dog was sick NOT a fussy eater" and to try the food she recommended...Lacey had been to several vets and a specialist who all were still giving her commercial(expensive, but commercial) dog food and I had to hand feed her to get her to eat and sometimes she still wouldn't eat and was completely lethargic.  It was very stressful.  Now Lacey licks her bowl and is looking for more and is a happy playful gal. Jason, owner also, ran Lacey's food out to her at PVSEC when Lacey was hospitalized for another issue while I was out of town and she wouldn't eat to the point that the doctors were worried.  So much knowledge, so much caring and sharing.  I am eternally grateful to the people at this store for helping Lacey. If there were more stars to give, I would give them..
5	This is a really friendly pet store, the staff greet the dogs as they come in and give them a lot of attention!   Its a nice place to get your dog washed!  They sell the better brands of dog and cat food they also have a nice selection of other pet supplies, we like to buy yak bones from them for our dog!
5	I love this place.  They are always so friendly.  Everyone is passionate about animals and all the pets that enter.  If they don't have what you are looking for they will try to find it for you elsewhere.  And who cannot love the chickens in the window???
4	Nice little store with very unique and natural bunny goodies!
