1	Worst haircut I've ever gotten. The stylist cut my bangs way too short and uneven, she obviously has no idea how to cut curly hair (she insisted that after flat ironing them they'd be perfect, but my hair will always have a little poof in it). Stay away!
2	I sometimes wonder if this Supercuts is where they send their weak links--like getting bumped down to AAA from the big leagues. Were it not a 5-minute walk from my house, I'm sure I'd have given up on the place. It's not that this is a bad place to get your hair cut...no,  actually, it is that. It's not a *terrible* place to get your hair cut, just merely bad. Their haircuts are not so egregiously awful that they provoke anger...just never really what you asked for. Your wait isn't hours-long...just longer than they always tell you over the phone. Folks are polite here, at least, sort of.
2	This is not a barber or a beauty salon, but you pay for what you get. I went today (Monday) without an appointment and I was taken right away. The hair stylist, very politely, asked how I wanted my hair. I said, "this (pointing to my head), but shorter" She competently did a quick job and got me out of there in about 20 minutes. The tab was $17 plus tip; a very good price. My experience today was very good...but:- You will never have the same person cutting your hair twice in a row unless you call ahead and wait up to 3-4 days for that employee to be there. - The "stylists" are defiantly green, fresh out of beauty school. They do a very basic job. I would not want anything more complicated than a haircut. I would be afraid to get anything else.- I have heard and seen the damage they can do to a newbie. I know people who swear up and down that they hate this place. I have even been told by a close friend that he feels was turned down for a job and blames it on his haircut from Supercuts in Sq. Hill. I have heard things like this a lot about this place.But...- It's cheap and fast. The people are nice and you don't need an appointment. For a $17 haircut, it's hard to complain too much. If you have a complicated request for your specific haircut/style, DO NOT go here. If you're a guy that needs their hair to be exactly the same, but shorter; it's hard to beat this place.
2	You get what you pay for. I needed a bang and hair trim, and asked for my bangs to be shorter but not above the eyebrows. They're way above my eyebrows (like, an inch) and I look like a child actor now, soo...I could've been more stern, but she cut it all off right at the beginning. The girls there were all screwing around and cracking jokes, which would be fine if it seemed like they also were listening and trying to do a good job.So, whatever. No big surprise. But my hurrs look B.A.D.
