5	the best place to see some up coming burlesque stars as well as the best of Vegas burlesque! traveling acts usually perform with them as special guests and there is always some type of legend or icon in the audience supporting this review! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	First off, Cha Cha Velour has pulled off one amazing monthly Burlesque show. The line ups are always the best and the shows are so entertaining. She transforms what is, by day, a social meeting room to a complete theater. Curtains, seating, reserved seating, lighting, MC's, stage kittens, background music... and did I mention the line ups? She has gone above and beyond to get these shows going and they are paying off. Each show case is special in it's own way. If you haven't caught one, I'd suggest you do. It is well worth the reasonable price at the door!!! Not familiar with Burlesque? All the more reason to get over there and educate yourself. You'll be glad you did. This isn't what other people CLAIM to be Burlesque. This is the real thing. What Vegas was raised on back in it's hay day. This is true to life, authentic, classic Burlesque at it's best.
4	I've always been surprised by the lack of burlesque presence in Vegas, but I realized most of it is more of a hidden society of sorts and if you dig hard enough you will find it off strip. We went to the Halloween one so it was fun sitting there and looking at people coming in while we wait. The MC Blanche DeBris was random and funny and some of it I think just comes out, like she wasn't trying to and is just one of those people who will babble and what comes out is hilarious. The line up was varied and pretty good. There was all kinds of women from a slim ladies, curvy ladies, pear shaped, hourglass, apples, etc, and then even some ladies who are definitely some of our grandmas. Go on with yo' bad self NaNa! Some seemed a little nervous to you can tell who is seasoned and who is probably a new graduate. My favorite routine of the night was a performer name Jessebelle Thunder who did a very energetic Bollywood routine. Definitely a new take on Burlesque and glad to see some people taking the art further. The creator of this little show Cha Cha Velour, did her thing with some devilish titty tassel twirling and was my second favorite routine of the night. This happens once a month in a odd little rental hall/theater in the back of Boomers Bar. It works though and is a intimate little set up. The seats are a bit uncomfortable so if you don't have a butt like me bring a patio pillow for the wood chairs. It made my butt hurt even though I was sitting on my coat.Keep it in mind for last saturday of the month, 10pm. $10 from brownpapertickets presale or $15 at the door and there are VIP booths on the side- not sure the cost of those but they are available for a large group. Each month has a different theme and varied performers so you aren't going to the same show twice. For those who are curious of what you might see they do have a YouTube channel with some clips from past shows-  http://www.youtube.com/user/liveburlesqueinlvI say for $10-$15 for a neat little show, it's worth going for sure. It's great value for the entertainment you get. I don't see it being everyones cup of tea but if you are into rockabilly culture, into classics, old time glamour, vaudeville, kitsch, parody, double entendre humor, why not make a night out of it once a month? Who needs a reason though other than ass and titties? That's why I went.
5	I have been attending this show regularly since I moved here, and started volunteering at the merchandise table to help out. Without a doubt this is the best show in Vegas which captures the spirit of neo-burlesque and its community. I have seen talent from all over the country perform on the stage with Cha Cha, and some truly AMAZING acts have graced the stage. Dont let Boomers (the bar) fool you - its just where you get your drinks and pee. The show is in the backroom, non smoking, and generally packed to the rafters. I cannot recommend this show enough if you love burlesque.
5	Some things just have to been seen to be understood!  This is one of those things. The show was much more than I thought it would be and plan on doing this again in the future.The host of the show was great.  She kept the show going with charm, a smile, jokes and adlib lines which couldn't have been written better.The performers we eclectic, unique and talented. You could also see they really enjoyed what they were doing, and it showed.  The audience was interactive and fun, but never got carried away as to take away from the performers.  Seating was less than adequate, but standing room only made the show seem that more authentic and valuable. We will arrive earlier next time, maybe even get a VIP booth, but if I have to stand...it was a small price to pay to enjoy myself as much as I did.
1	Where do I begin? I knew it wasn't going to be anything like the shows on the strip, but with all the high reviews from other fellow yelpers, I had imagined, or wanted, this Live Burlesque show to be a hidden gem for the locals. Something the tourists won't understand but us locals would.... I was wrong.Located in the back of a seedy dive bar in the not-so-good part of town, you can't blame me for thinking this show is exclusively for locals only. Upon arrival, we checked in with our names registered at the time we bought the tickets online. The theater is small and actually cannot even be called a theater. They have rows of finding chairs and a stage in a relatively small room. I suggest you to buy your tickets in advance and arrive early bc there are limited seating and you won't get a seat even if you bought your tickets online and in advance.I have never been to a burlesque show but I have an idea of what it is, and the format of the show is probably not too different from what a real burlesque show would be like, but what I had problem with was the dancers. The lineup we saw consisted of eleven dancers, and only two of them were considered in shape and somewhat talented. My standard of in shape isn't even that stringent; I know this is off the strip and a low-cost production but how can you possibly put yourself in a state of mind of a "sexy" burlesque show when the majority of the performers are obese. And when I say obese, I am already taking into consideration the American epidemic of obesity. The funny thing is, they actually played video clips of real burlesque shows in the early 1900s at the beginning of the show to kind of get the audience aware of what to expect, and even those videos were of curvy burlesque dancers, not obese! I am sorry, Live Burlesque in Las Vegas, but I cannot recommend this show to anyone, not even if it's free, on a Saturday night, no less.
1	I recently check out this show on my trip to Vegas based on reviews on Yelp. First off let me start by saying the positive reviews must have been done by someone who works for the show or knows somebody in it. The best way for me to describe this show is an amateur Burlesque talent show. I should have been skeptical of the cheap price and the fact it was off the main strip. The show took place in the back of a dive bar on a make shift stage in a room with limited seating. The show lasted about an hour a a half. Half the time was probably spend with the host telling jokes off lauphy taffy. A cute idea but soon got old. The show featured performers who went to the Las Vegas Burlesque Classes. There were a mix of teacher and students who performed. I give all the girls who performed credit for getting up on stage and doing what they did. I know I wouldn't be able to but the show was not marketed in the way it was delivered. Customers need to know that the show is more about trying to get people to sing up for classes and letting them know what the company is all about then actually putting on a good show. My recommendation is do not check this show out. A waste of time and money.
5	This is the best burlesque show in Vegas I've been to.. The venue is my favorite & the room fills up quickly, So get seated early!!! There's always a great mix of performers & usually always at least one person in the show from outta town!!! Its once a month & is ALWAYS a great show!! If I'm bringing someone whos never seen burlesque, this is the show I take them to so they can leave with the right experience!!!
5	This is one of my favorite Burlesque shows to attend here in Vegas. It is very authentic and always a great time. The performers are both local and out of town ladies and gentlemen and they are all completely different to one another which keeps us on our toes. You never know exactly what to expect from the next performance. They also to theme nights and I love that idea! It's a great time.
5	This is one of my favorite Burlesque shows in Las Vegas. The performers, both local and out of town are excellent performers and always entertaining. Each month offers a new theme, and 3 times a year is the Student Teacher Showcase which highlights the students completion of the Burlesque 101 and the Solo Act Development courses. This is not a Strip Burlesque show, it's better and one to be seen
