5	I am a huge fan of Desert Schools. They are really nice and great to bank with. I worked for them years ago and I can attest the employees go through great training and really do a great job at helping their customers. I recommended everyone switch to a credit union especially this one! The lines are never super long, even on Friday afternoon. I have never had a major problem like I experienced at other banks. The other major bonus is they have branches inside Wallmarts open all day Saturdays.
5	I have been banking with DSFCU since 2000, and I can honestly say that I LOVE my bank! I hear my friends complaining about their banks and telling me about all of these problems, and I can't sympathize with them because I have never had a bad experience with DS. This is my main branch and I love it, the staff is always friendly and the drive thru is always fast!
4	I like this particular location because the tellers are always very pleasant and quick.  I rarely go into banks since I prefer to deal with direct deposit and electronic transfer.  However, there is the occasion where I get a check from somewhere and need to deposit it.It also gives me a chance to ditch work for a little bit; just don't tell my manager!The big bonus for me is that when there is a line waiting for the regular tellers, they have the person at the front desk take your deposit if you don't need any cash.
4	My first Yelp review of a financial institution.What can I say?  It's a credit union.  I've been with them for many years.  My other bank is USAA.  I only dinged Desert Schools a star due to them not being able to renew my ASU Sun Devil's check card, due to another bank taking the sponsorship deal.  Minor I know, but it cost a star!Friendly staff, fairly efficient drive through, although I hardly use it any more.Coolest thing, the drive thru ATM gives out $50 bills when you take out a larger sum of money!That's all I got on this.
4	I haven't had any issues with DSFU. If I could change one thing is limit of six transfers. Go over and you're hit with a fee. My Suntrust bank doesn't limit me if I do it by phone app.
