5	Nothing beats a good Indian, and after so many in the UK, even their worst would be Montreal's best.  However after losing touch with places like Sitar, this discovery was a hidden gem.  They offer buffet at lunch and a la carte after 5 pm.  I'm always reluctant about buffet but I have to say Tandoori Palace does it right.  They don't inundate you with a huge selection but rather a few prime choices of quality.  Items are super fresh since they don't attempt to put out trays of food en masse. Prices are great, restaurant is cozy and clean and the food is awesome.  Bring the kids on the weekend, cause even my picky eater enjoyed it, along with the other younglings that were present.  They also deliver very quickly and the prices and portions are more than fair.
4	This place is not bad either. I went here for my birthday at lunch for their buffets. They were close to closing so the restaurant was quiet with one nice lady serving. I was happy with the food. Compared to typical buffets they kept their items under 10 and did a good job on keeping everything fresh and tasteful. They only had gulab jamun for desserts so I couldnt really have much for sweets, but overall the food was good. I will try out some other time for their a la carte menu which looks promising. They even have a huge room which caters to a good number of people for reception parties or other events.
4	There are always few limited choices to choose from but they are all cooked in perfection. It is a good price for buffet with high quality food.
4	Great value for the money! And friendly, smily waiters! On the night we were there it was very busy, so service was a little slow, thats why i gave 4 stars out of 5. Otherwize, looking forward to going back!
4	Good flavour, tasty dishes and generous portions. I did not like the lunch buffet , i think the food was reheated; i did try many dishes from the regular menu previously and really enjoyed it. I am not a fan of decor and its a little bit gloomy. Suitable fir families but i don't think its a place were kids enjoyed their time.  I would definitely come back again. 4 stars for the regular menu, 3 for the buffet and the service.
4	Awesome Indian lunch buffet. A variety of dishes. Butter chicken s the best. Pretty busy place, service may be lacking
