5	Great office that has a Greek Mediterranean feel, very soothing atmosphere upon waiting in the lobby to be call in for dental work.Location - not so bad, unless when you leave the parking lot.  Please becareful not to take a left, on a 1 way street, you have to take a right and make a u-turn.  I caught myself twice, doing this, almost could have gotten into an accident.  Otherwise, their office is located on the 2nd floor, so take the stairs or the elevator.Staff - friendly and nice.  They will call to remind you of your appointment the week of.  Service - Good.  I like how I was being treated like a celebrity with complimentary drinks, parafin wax for the hands while getting your teeth cleaned, and what not.  It was definitely the first for me, it took me by suprise.Price - With my insurance, I coudl not complain.  I like how they gave me my states and brief rundown of what services were rendered.Restroom - Okay, why this?  Well, I have to talk about how nice it was inside with their special lines of soaps/lotions you can use to wash and moisturize your hands. I came out in awe, haha!Technology - They have all up-to-date technology and gadgets that makes my dental work all the more exciting...If I have to come away with a negative, it would probably be the wait time in between.  Otherwise, gotta love coming home away with free trial size toothpaste/toothbrush/dental floss :)
5	I love coming to this dentist. I sorely missed my dentist from back home and was reluctant to start to process of finding a new dentist upon moving to Charlotte. A co-worker of my wife's suggested Lake Pointe and I'm ecstatic that we decided to come here. It was a great decision. Dr. Qazi and the staff are excellent. I'm never anxious when I come for a visit because I know I'm in good hands. The office itself is really nice. The waiting area looks really modern and to be honest it is pretty calming in there. The staff is super-friendly. I'm really comfortable there and would recommend it to anyone.
1	Stay away from this place. This place is trash. The dentist doesn't know what she is doing at all. It seem like she is just graduated and has no experiences whatsoever. I had such a bad experience with this place from the beggining to the finish. I just had my root carnal a month ago. I was in so much pain during the whole process. It took 3 hours to finish the whole thing. I knew my teeth was that bad and it was just a root carnal. One day after the process, I was in so much pain that I had to take pain releive pill. I couldn't chew or even drink cold water. A few days later, my tooth had a small hole. So I had to go back to and get it fixed. I have never had this bad experience with a dentist like this before. I should've have stayed with my old dentist who has a lot more experiences. More than that the dentist is a bitch. She just wants your money. This place is hell. Stay away from it.
5	Dr. Qazi and her dental team are amazing! As most people can probably agree, going to the dentist office isn't always the most 'fun,' Lake Pointe however made me feel SO comfortable! On my first visit, I was given a relaxing parafin wax hand treatment all while sitting in their awesome back massaging patient seats. Dr. Qazi and her techs/hygienists let you know what they're doing each step of the way, ensuring that all of your questions are answered.After regular dental appointments, I felt comfortable enough to go ahead and try invisalign to correct my overbite - it was a great experience as well. She planned it out perfectly to get them off and get my teeth whitened in time for my wedding and I couldn't be happier with the way my smile looks now!Thanks to the entire team at Lake Point Family Dentistry - I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone looking for a comfortable, welcoming, relaxing & super knowledgeable place to satisfy all of your dental needs!
1	When I started going here i repeatedly told them I did not want anything done that was not fully covered by insurance but after the 3rd time I had gone there they sent me a bill for about $35  . I called to find out why and was told that it was for periodontal cleaning  . I stated I still did not understand because they did not do anything my previous dentist did  not do . Dr quazi even  called me and tried to convince me that they  do a  different cleaning then my past dentist did . Now you would think that considering it is my teeth and I was actually there that I would know if they were doing something different  .  When she transferred me back to the front desk to make the payment  I again stated that I DO NOT want anything done  that is not covered by insurance  . She said that it was only $11 per visit and that it was necessary  .  At that point I agreed that I would pay the extra $11 per visit but  not a penny more. When I got done with my last visit which was about 1 year later I was told that I owed $150  . I told them there is no way but was told  that she would put it through to the insurance but she did not think it would be covered.  I again stated that I have repeatedly told them I did not want anything that was not covered .  She said I did not tell her because she  did not work there when I started going to them . They have gone through several people at the front desk in the 3 years since I have been going to them and I would not think I should have to keep track of there desk staff to make sure they do not do anything that was not covered.  When insurance would not pay they sent me the bill and at that point I again told them  I did not think it was fair. To charge me for something that I would not have had done if I would have been told I would be charged . She said she would talk to Dr Quazi and get back to me. She called and told me Dr Quazi said that I had been informed I would be charged , I said that is a lie and just who is she saying told me ? She said well I guess she is saying I told you at which I said you know damn well you did not tell me until after the work was done . She said well you are to have pay and that is that. At that point I said to cancel my next  appointment and I will be finding a new Dentist. She said that will be fine and I will resend you the bill.      In the 8years that I have had this insurance I never got a bill until I started going to Lake Point Dentistry.. If you read this be sure to read the reviews that yelp does not recommend as they seem to only recommend the good reviews.
5	Confession: I was way overdue to go to the dentist and childhood trauma from dentists made me very cautious.I picked Lake Pointe because 1) they're 2 minutes from my work and 2) their website also listed spa services.  Continuing on with the list theme...Things I liked:1) The decor - an awesome Mediterranean feel with whites and blues with stucco and neat wooden floors with a river rock border1) The chair had a neat air massage feature thing2) Dr Qazi was very nice3) The Dental Hygienist was very nice as well, even after hearing how long its been since my last dental appointment.  4) They gave great recommendations to help keep my teeth healthy5) The technology that they use seems very up to date which leaves me confident6) They were very quick and efficient, I wasn't waiting forever at any pointThings I didn't likeYou know, I really can't list anything here yet...
