3	Great Wolf is a waterpark/hotel chain.  If you don't have kids, then read no further- don't bother with it as you'll be bored out of your skull.If you do have kids, it is a pretty decent brief vacation if you are in driving distance of Charlotte.  The rooms are majorly overpriced, but deals can be found.  The rooms themselves are functional, but not special.  Unfortunately, you have to stay in one to get into the park.The park itself is not bad at all, especially considering you're just off the interstate in nowhere special.  There are multiple slides, most of them are fun, and the staff is helpful, bordering on intrusive.  If possible, go at off-peak times. I arrived on a Saturday, and the noise alone nearly drove me out of the waterpark. Contrast that with Sunday afternoon- everybody had cleared out, the noise was bearable, and there were no lines for the rides.During your stay, DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT patronize the resort restaurants.  There is simply no reason to do so- you are in an area with tons of restaurants you can drive to.  The food is not bad (we did eat at one to save time one night), but entrees start at $22/person and they are nothing special.I'll go back to Great Wolf, but only mid-week and only because I can drive there in two hours.  If you are any further than that, go to Busch Gardens.
2	Good hotel if you have kids. Without kids, I wouldn't even consider ever coming here. The rooms are nice, with a rustic feel because, of course, you're staying at a "lodge". There are bunk beds for the kids with a TV so that they can have their own room.    The waterpark was good. It has a nice kiddie pool for the younger kids, and a large jungle gym type water area for bigger kids. For the grown ups and the older kids, there are 5 rides, all of which are lots of fun.   The one negative to this place is the food. The food was mostly poor quality and overpriced. The exceptions to this was the name brand chains that have shops here, Pizza Hut and Dunkin Donuts. They were just overpriced. When you're hungry, get out of the resort because the area is full of eating spots.
3	We visited the Lodge in March, from a Sunday to Tuesday. We got a bit of deal on our room because of the dates, and we stayed in a Kids Kamp, which has a separate little area for the kids bunk bed. They have their own flat-screen TV, and a little table. My two 7 year-old boys liked it, and it helped contain their noise. Overall positives - the waterpark was pretty cool. A couple big slide-tubes, and a few smaller ones. My boys liked them all. The big tower area has all kinds of water stuff, and a huge bucket that dumped out from high above. The whole environment felt safe, and the staff was impressive in their constant attention to the attraction they were manning.The room was nice, clean, and had a balcony that got afternoon sun (a plus in March). The whole lodge is decorated with woodsy things and log trim, giving a full environment feel.My boys saw other kids playing the MagicQuest thing, but didn't feel left out.We dropped some change in the arcade, which they loved, but its not a great arcade. Just nice.Tons and many restaurants all around within a couple minutes drive. Not so great - This may sound nitpicky, but some water for the adults to just hang out in would have been nice. A little lazy river or something...The in-lodge food is not worth buying. Bring snacks, go out to eat.Expensive. This was our mid-winter getaway, so it was cheaper than flying to Florida, but it was a big deal for us, money-wise. But if we had more kids, it would have been a great deal, and more fun for my guys.
4	My 8 year old daughter absolutely loved this place.  The Howlin' Tornado isn't for me but if you like thrill rides mixed with a water park, this one will put your heart in your throat.  I preferred the more tame water slides and hanging out in the pool.  For the adults, the fun lasted about a day and a half before it got old.  For the 8 y/o, she could have stayed all week without getting bored.While it's convenient to eat at the resort (you don't have to leave for anything), it's also very expensive to eat there.  For instance - breakfast was about $35 for 3 of us and dinner was about $60 for 3 of us.  There are tons of restaurants within a mile of the resort, so getting out and getting a less expensive meal, even though it will take extra time, is well worth it if you're looking to save a little $$.I didn't care for the magiquest game that got pushed on the kids.  While many might call it harmless fun for kids to be running around with magic wands and pointing them at things to make stuff happen, I see it as an introduction to an "occult" like world that in my mind is a very dangerous path to start down.  Pro's:  A good time, easy to enjoy water park - even or especially if the weather is crappy. Water park area is a constant 84 degreesService is outstanding - staff is constantly looking to make sure one is enjoying their stay.  Staff also has a sense of humor.Bedtime Story for the kids!Con's:Overzealous lifeguards enforcing non-existent rules (apparently one cannot sit on the edge of the pool with their feet in the water while keeping an eye on their child) - seriously?PRICEY!!!!  Especially for mediocre buffet food that's overpriced due to convenience.Very Loud!  My ears are still ringing from the noise of all the rushing and pouring water.  Bring ear plugs!  I bet the Db level was over 90 the entire time inside the water park area.Agenda - while I believe it's good to recycle (and recycle, I do), it's pushed to such an extreme to make it appear "Mother Earth" is a "god", even at the bedtime story.
3	My wife and I took my daughter to this place.  We had a good time at their indoor water park; there was lots of fun things to do.  Our room was clean, nicely decorated and comfortable.  The front desk folks were friendly and competent.Several small annoyances, however.  They had a Magicquest activity throughout the hotel.  Kids could buy a wand for $20-30 and they RUN through the hotel pointing at stuff, interacting with it.  Fine, but can't we keep it separate from the lobby area and the entryways to the rooms?  Also, the hotel was nice enough to provide a refrigerator, maybe out of guilt in what they charged for beverages and food?  I felt they were overreaching a bit in order to make a few extra bucks.  Pretty overpriced stuff and selling it everywhere.  If there wasn't a Magicquest activity in a spot, there was certainly a kiosk or advertisement.  Lastly, I would have never guessed, but Great Wolf is quite a sleepy town.  After 8-9PM, the place was a ghost town.  No stores are open if you want a newspaper or a soda.  I had to go off campus to get both.  Most of this stuff should be expected, but I thought I would mention it anyway.  It met our expectations; we had a nice time.  Chances are that my kids will be twisting my arm for a return trip. :)One last comment:  The evening puppet show was hilarious for all the wrong reasons, bordering on the edge of creepy.  Still, it was a nice touch, having all the guests come down in their pajamas to watch, and my daughter enjoyed it.
5	I stopped by here on the way home for a few hours to let my son play more Magiquest. This is one of the newer lodges. It looked like it didn't have as many water slides as the Ohio GWL but still looked pretty cool.
4	I feel this could be one of the most intelligent business ideas I have ever seen and it is laid out perfectly,I is a water park in a giant hotel, but its also so much more than that. I took my son there for the weekend, and it was amazing, everything (seriously everything) you need is in the building, honesty we were there for four days and if we hadn't gone to the outside pool we wouldn't have left the building at all. There is so much to do there.  First the entire building is rigged for this crazy magic scavenger hunt (they give your kid is wand and like a treasure map) and your kid runs around the entire building and saps things and magic happens, it's crazy, there are quite a few restaurants there some fast food but one that is awesome I ate dinner at camp kritter and wow is all I can say, I was not disappointed. There is something for everyone on every floor of this place and at night in the main lobby the mascots of great wolf lodge come alive and read your little one a bed time story.   I would definitely say if you have kids, you live in nc, and you don't have time to fly down to Disney, take them to great wolf lodge... They will love it.
2	We arrived at the Lodge on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm with some friends. We both have 2 year old sons. We checked in and as we had anticipated, our rooms were not ready until around 4pm. That was just fine. When I made the reservation, I said we wanted rooms near each other. I asked the front desk clerk and she just kept saying the reservation "is attached" I was looking for some more clear communication such as "they are across the hall from each other" or something so I gave up. Most interactions with the staff throughout our stay were like that --- when you ask something, they give a blank stare.The dads went right into the water park with the kids on Sunday, it was really cool and there were a lot of options but with two year olds they were a bit limited and the water was so cold that the boys were shivering so couldn't really stay in too long and their lips were turning blue. Our friend saw a little 18 month old girl walk right into the water and her parents weren't around and the lifeguard didn't see her so he pretty much saved her life by pulling her out. Also, if you aren't planning on going into the water, wear summer clothes because the room where the water is gets hot and steamy.The next day, after cruising the breakfast buffet, we opted for Dunkin Donuts for breakfast. The food just looked like mess hall food. There certainly weren't any organic choices, which would have been nice.The arcade was fun for the kids and they like to collect tickets and redeem for prizes.We brought the kids to the Cub Club and they really liked that. It was nicely appointed and very clean. We probably spent more time there than in the water park.We ordered pizza the next day and it was just gross. I would not eat any of their food again.All in all, my biggest compliment is that the place was very clean and they had free wi-fi. My biggest criticism is that the staff had poor communication skills and must have been ill-trained.We would go back, but would definitely watch our children closely and would not plan to eat there.
4	Awesome experience! The lodge had everything we needed...didn't leave the place the whole time! Left out a star only b/c our first dinner buffet experience wasn't great. Our waitress wasn't friendly & failed to mention that the overpriced buffet came with a drink, dessert (a choice of cake or pie) & a wolf ear headband souvenir for the kids. We found this out the next night from the sweetest waitress ever...wish I remembered her name. Anyway, aside from the waterpark, the kids also had a blast at the cub club, gr8_space, magiquest & the arcade! Story time & the magic show were also entertaining. Idk abt this "state of the art" ventilation system but one other con was the overwhelming suffocation of chlorine at the waterpark. Other than that, fuuuuun times! Can't wait to go back!!
4	We visited the Great Wolf Lodge with another family this past weekend.  This resort has everything you need within it.  We stayed in a wolf den suite on the first floor.  We were across from the Cub Club and right around the corner from the water park and the fitness area and the ice cream shop.  I have to say that the rooms are sound proofed pretty well.  I was worried that I would hear noise from the club but I didn't.  I was impressed with the cleanliness of the park.  I always saw someone cleaning something.  The water park was fun.  It does get chilly in there, but I found the wave pool to be the warmest and the pool with the basketball hoops too.  I was also impressed by the lifeguards.  They are very vigilant.  The food was good.  I thought the prices for the adult food was around the same as Chili's.  The kids meals were more expensive.  I would bring your own snacks though - because those were a little pricey.  If you don't like what they offer there are a ton of restaurants near by.  Overall I was impressed with customer service when I got there.  If you need to call the hotel before hand with questions, it can be a pain because it's hard to get a human.  Bring the kidlets and have some fun.
5	This place was great. We got the basic room and it was more than fine, it was just what we needed. The food is decent. We did the buffet and while it ain't The Four Seasons, it was as good or better than most hotels you go to. We went with two other families. We called ahead of time and they put our rooms adjacent to eachother. And the water park ROCKS! The slides are great with something for everyone. Should you go with your 2 year-old? Umm, I'm not sure that I would have done that but there's a place for them. Our kids were 7 and 9 year-old girls and they had a ball. It's also SUPER safe. There were lifeguards all over the place and they're eyes were peeled on the pools. They keep their whistles in the mouthes everywhere they go in case they have to stop someone or something. And yes, we saw a couple of guards go in after people.A few tips: - If you go on a weekend, expect long lines at any of the restaurants right there. (plenty to eat outside the hotel!)- Bring cereal or breakfast stuff and eat in the room. There's a fridge, microwave and coffee pot.- Watch for pushy mom's who move your belongings off of your chair or chaise in the water park so they can have them. Happened to us and the woman said "Awww, gosh, these chairs were empty, someone ELSE must have moved your things."-If you don't have to go on a weekend, the lines definitely thin out on Sunday afternoons.-We did late check out for $40 extra. You can, however, do regular checkout and still use the pool on the day you leave. There are showers and locker rooms to change in if you want.Really, really awesome place. I will DEFINITELY go back.
4	Family fun weekend!We decided to take my nephews to GWL. Wait- let me be honest-  we have done this multiple times now. We are suckers.This place is AWESOME in the heat of summer or in the cold of winter. The inside swimming park is pretty incredible. My nephws absolutely LOVE the tidel pool (I was anxiously watching them and their questionable swimming skills- thankfully- there are guards everywhere and that took away a lot of my fears). There is a particular slide (cannot remember the name of it) that is really amazing- even for adults. It might be the best water slide that I have ever been on (I grew up in FL- that is a big statement)There is something about the water that makes my skin itch. I know, gross. There are plenty of things for non-swimmers to do as well. Lots of activities for all ages. And an outdoor pool.If you are into Christmas- this place is your place. We went around Christmas one year and it was extremely festive. The place is overwhelming though. I won't lie. Children plus massive consumerism can give anyone a headache. Tip- go out to eat. There are plenty of places surrounding it. Their restaurant is overpriced and we weren't impressed by the food.Tip: Sometimes Big Brothers, Big Sisters of Greater Charlotte sells day passes that are cheaper (you typically can't go for just the day)My nephews seemed to appreciate hanging out in the hotel room with us the most. Kids are funny like that. They really just want the simple stuff- like a pillow fight.
5	Great place to stop for the night or stay a while.  We stopped for the night after a long day of traveling and the water park was just what the kids needed to burn off some energy.  I definitely recommend it. The place was nice and clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.
4	Staying at the Concord location. Place is really fun and looks nice. Staff seem very friendly and eager to help. Kid is having  a blast. Only bad mark I give it, is the food. It truly sucks, and cost to much for crap with no flavor. Tomorrow we'll go some place in town to eat, and I'm sure I'll even save a few bucks. Bring the family and snacks and have fun. Avoid the food.
4	We had a great time here.  My only suggestion would be step up the service on the check-in process, way to stressful to start off your time there.
4	Kids had a great time. The lodge and water area are pretty clean since it's only 2 yrs old. We got the kids cabinn suite since we were a family of 5 and it was perfect. I would recommend as a weekend family trip, not much longer.
1	This place is awful.  Nowhere on the website (or at least not in any place that is easily found) does it say that you HAVE to be a guest at the resort to use the water park.We drove from uptown, excited to use the park, only to find out that we would need to purchase a room and that it was sold out.This should be on the page in bold, easily seen, so that people such as ourselves, who are looking for a good time (and a water park), do not make the trip out.Thanks for nothing.
5	Great Wolf Lodge is one of the best weekend vacations that I have ever taken.  I went almost two years ago and am planning another trip for this coming February.  I have two children (4 and 7) and there is something for all of us to do.  We checked in on a Friday around 1pm and immediately hopped in the water park.  There was so much to do and see that we did not leave the water park until around 6pm.  After dinner at the Moose Cottage (which was a buffet) we attended story time.  My husband had a massage while I took the kids to the story and he said it was one of the best massages that he has ever had.  In addition to the great water park on of my favorite things was the wrist band.  I love that you do not have to carry your room key around with you or money.  Everything is done electronically through your wrist band.  Some people may say that GWL is pricey, but when you consider that you get two days at a water park and a hotel room for usually around $230 (for four people) it really isn't that bad of a price.  People may complain that the food is pricey at the lodge, but you are not trapped in the lodge for your stay.  We saw people ordering papa johns and having it delivered right to the resort.  For that matter you can even buy alcohol on the premises, but if you want to bring that in you can as well.  I saw one person wheeling in two cases of beer with their luggage and since you have a refrigerator in your room...why not??  For those looking for a good deal GWL offers many discounts.  You can get 10% off if you call with your AAA card. and there is a $25 off in the Raleigh Citipass book.  There are also deals always listed on the website.  I would highly recommend anyone going to the lodge.  There is something there to do for everyone and of any age.
4	Brought my daughter here for her 7th birthday. Great place. Not sure if it earns resort status though. It has more attractions than a hotel by far. I don't think I could stay more than 2 days. The water park is great. Lots to keep the small kids entertained. The food is expensive, but there are tons of options surrounding the place.  My daughter loved it. The large water slides are fantastic. The life guards are very vigilant. We had a room with the bunk beds and tv separate from ours by a wall. My daughter loved her own space, and we appreciated the extra privacy.
5	We had a great mini va-ca here with our kids age 4 and 6. The waterpark is awesome and immaculate. I kept waiting to be grossed out by something and it never happened. Lots of other activities, crafts, coloring, a nature walk, an animatronic show, story time, magic quest... it is nirvana for children and tweens. I brought our lunch for the 1st day and all our snacks, drinks and alcohol :D. We ate in the Moose Cottage for dinner, my husband had the buffet and I ordered from the menu, breakfast was buffet including a made to order omelet bar, the kids ate free both meals. The food in the waterpark area didn't look great and it was very expensive, the restaurant is the way to go. All rooms have micro/fridge too. We spent $80 for two good meals for 4 people - not bad in a resort. I have read a lot of knocks about the prices but I found it very controllable. And yes you have to be a guest (besides some special events they have) how many hotels just let you stop in and use their pool. Come on. The lifeguards are uber attentive. Front desk staff was ehh, wait staff couldn't have been nicer. Peak time is after 1 but before the people checking out that day leave - around 4/5pm there were next to no lines. I'm not a fan of throngs of children and crowds and even I can't wait to go back.
5	This was our first visit to a Great Wolf Lodge & Resort.  We were there for a school swim day.  I must say, I had no intent of actually getting into the water and enjoying myself.  However, with a 5-year old unabe to keep up with the older girls, I had no choice but to engage.  I must say, I had a blast!  We visited on a Tuesday in February so the place was not overy crowded as evidenced by available tables and chairs.  I like that.  A place full of people with no extra space would scare me and I hope to never visit on one of those spring/summer days.  However, I will be staying at the Lodge in May for the Toastmasters District 37 Convention and I look forward to having more fun in the water with the kids.  The kids loved it so all was well on this day.  The food, well, yes, it is a bit pricey, but you can bring your own drinks, snacks, and lunch.  Lockers are available for $20 and you get $10 back when you return the key.  I am getting the feeling of what the hoopla is all about.  Go to the Lodge...!
5	The water park gets 8 *'s. The hotel and crappy over-priced restaurants get negative-3 *'s ... so we'll settle at 5 *'s. Some tips:**All the rides are awesome; there's only 1 that you need to be 48" to ride**On day 1 it seems idiotic, but On day 2 standing under a 1000-gallon bucket seems like a great idea. **You can arrive at 1pm the day you get there, and stay as long as you want the next day. One night + 2 days is plenty. **The "wolf-it-down pizza" is a pretty good deal - $11.99 for a cheese**The breakfast buffet is usury - $12.99 for adults, $7.99 for kids. Next time we will bring breakfast and eat it in the room. **Dinner should also be avoided; the strip-mall hell just outside the park grounds is at least cheaper, and Charlotte is only 20 min away by car**The "Magicquest" does not appear worth what you'd spend**They quote $150 for the cabanas - if you can get them down to $100 (which some folks we met did), that's a pretty good deal for the day
3	Having been to 3 GWLs, this one is better than the one in Wisconsin Dells, but not as good as the one in Virginia.  It's fairly new, so it's not as dirty or unorganized as the one in Wisconsin, and it seems fairly well laid out.  We always seem to end up on the first floor with the water park a short walk away.  It's got a good assortment of slides and pools.  I love the fact that they have wristbands at GWLs with your room key info and credit card info on them, so you never have to bring a key card or purse along with you.The Williamsburg, VA GWL has a lazy river and hot tubs, this one has neither.  The MagiQuest is just in the hallways of the hotel, not in a separate building/room, so you're lacking the immersion for the MagiQuest as well as irritating the non-MQ guests.  The restaurant at the Concord GWL is also a lot poorer in quality than some of the other resorts, as it's mostly focused on a small buffet.  If you order from the menu, you will be very disappointed.  The menu here is very limited compared to the Williamsburg restaurant, which had a peanut chicken salad I really liked.  The Concord restaurant only really offered some burgers and steaks and such, with no real innovation on the menu.  I ordered a half rack of ribs, thinking they couldn't possibly mess it up.  Well I guess it must have been cut wrong, since half of it was a strip of fat, and the other half was the rib bones interlaced with blackened meat.  For breakfast we usually eat pop tarts and oatmeal, since they do have functioning microwaves.  For dinner I recommend ordering from Papa John's, which will deliver fairly quickly (they will call you from the front desk when they get there, not take it to your room).  However beware that pizza boxes don't fit in your room's mini fridge, so if you have leftovers you should have a plan for wrapping or storing them.  There's also a hibachi/sushi place just down the hill called Tsunami that wasn't terrible.  The lunch prices are under $10 for hibachi, and they offer kids foods like chicken strips and corn dogs for picky eaters.I noticed this time around they got rid of the "GR8 space" tween club area and installed some mini-bowling.  We didn't try the bowling, since we were so busy with the water park, arcade, and MagiQuest, but maybe next time.  We've tried the mini golf before and it's not better than what we can get locally.  The Wi-fi is spotty, so if you're planning to do work on your vacation, or watch movies while you run on the treadmill in the exercise room, you should probably bring a book as backup.It's not a terrible spot by any means, but I think next time we're going to drive the extra hour to Williamsburg for the better Great Wolf Lodge.
5	We have two three year olds and a 12 yr old they were none stop energy from the moment we arrived for our three night stay. We purchased pup passes for three yr olds and a wolf pass for 12 yr old which turned out to be a great thing for a three night stay. We swam from morning to dinner ate at Resturant buffet ( which was ok food and priced ok service was really good and friendly) nice not to have to leave property. Magi quest  ( didn't know if  the little ones would be able to do it but once we saw the words magic wand it didn't matter, we knew they would cry ever time they saw brothers or anyone else's) all three had a ball with them zapping everything in game or not. Lol.  We will stay again many more times. We all are already planning it
3	Waterparks in general feel a little dirty, right? I mean, there is sweating, less clothing than normal, barefootedness, and wetness, and ick. This place was clean, both the park and the hotel, but it isn't anywhere I would not want to spend more than a day and a half. I can't imagine paying that much for longer, because I think the waterpark would get old....it isn't very big, but the rides are good. The lines were short since we went mid week, which was nice. If you plan to watch your kids, be forewarned, it is hot, muggy, and uncomfortable! Plan on getting in the water, or watching your kids from an observation window in the A/C.There are restaurants around, but we did eat at the on site restaurant, which had free kids meal with a paying adult. The buffet was good, but not many healthy options, or healthy kids options.We got the Kids Kamp room, and they loved it...wait, that should be said, of all the stuff I have whined about, I didn't mention that the kids had an absolute BLAST!!! I would go back again, just so they could have that much fun. So, back to the room, they loved the bunk beds, and I felt it was worth the little extra we paid.If you are interested in having a glass or two of wine...bring it with you, $30 for a bottle of Barefoot that costs $6 in the store...ridonculous.
3	Ok...I'm going to tell you, like I told the manager and the chef of the Loose Moose Cottage restaurant...nice hotel, good public spaces, water park is fun, MagiQuest had the kids running everywhere (Good exercise!), but overpriced (expected at a resort) and food is poorly done. I pay too much to eat at Marriott when I don't want to leave the property, but the food is high quality and well-prepared. The food here is very institutional and not properly tended. I just ate and am writing this from the lobby. Mussels and clams were dried out. I told the waitress and nothing was done for over 15 minutes. Carving station poultry...chicken, turkey?...hard to identify and extremely dried out. Featured veggies at this kid oriented resort were cauliflower, Brussels sprouts and greens. Do your kids eat those? They were supposedly out of one of their 3 desserts...cheesecake. The manager told the waitress to take 15% off my bill...gee, thanks. She probably just didn't want to deal with me. Unfortunately, she probably didn't note where I was and did her "How was everything?" drive-by and I stopped her and we talked. After a few minutes, she said she would send the chef out to talk to me. Honestly, I think it is a management and chain property issue; but the menu is regional and I can talk food. The manager took 40% off and passed me to the chef...and washed her hands of the whole thing. If this were my business, she would be getting into some training on customer service and a session with her bosses about her responsibilities and expectations/accountability. I had a nice discussion with the chef. He is pretty young and probably not on the same level as Marriott type resort head chefs, but polite and attentive. I told him what I expected he would find on sites such as this and recommended he spend some time researching customer reviews. I told him to look for patterns and that, with his professional training and experience, he could make effective and appropriate changes. He was receptive and at least appeared to be interested. Somehow, before I left, he managed to find some cheesecake and gave me four pieces. It's not exactly NY Cheesecake, but it was a nice gesture.     Another minor irritation is that the bathrooms are cramped, but the room is generally very nice. I agree with another person's commentary that the water park could use a lazy river style pool and definitely a hot tub for the grown-ups! The staff that works with the kids are all very nice...great job! Overall, a good experience, but foodservice needs serious upgrade for the prices...or move more towards onsite chains and lower the prices. I fell to the pressure from the kids a couple of times to eat onsite, but there are lots of restaurants within a mile. From Jack in the Box to Sonny's BBQ to steakhouses and Italian places. There are plenty of choices. Just prepare your kids, in advance, that you WILL be taking breaks and going offsite for some of your meals!
4	This is an all inclusive (with exceptions) hotel and water park located just off I-85 in Concord, NC just north of Charlotte. I recently stayed for 5 nights with my family and mother in law. We had a 9, 3, and 1 year old with us. First off I will say, if your children are all under 42 inches one maybe two nights is all you need because there is not much they can do in the water park. Second, I will say make sure you bring extra money.We got a great room rate because we reserved months in advance and the summer is actually the slow season (compared to winter). We did end up spending about an extra $75 a day on stuff (Magi Quest, Bowling, Treats) and another $100-$150 on meals, we often ate out in town.The water park is fun for older children and I plan on bringing ours back in 2-3 more years when they can truly enjoy it all instead of a small portion of it.All the staff is super friendly and accommodating and the life guards are "on it". The lifeguards never stop looking and moving, the don't chit chat with other lifeguards or guests and made me feel very comfortable by not having to watch my 3 year old like a hawk in the kiddy area.Plan on buying the Paw Pass for each child you take, it saves you quite a bit and gives you things to do. I do wish there were some adult attractions for the evening such as hot tubs and saunas and firepits for just adults to relax in since by the evening you're just so overwhelmed with "kid stuff" you need a bit of a break.
5	This review is going to be biased because I didn't come here under normal conditions but I want to say that the Great Wold Lodge was the site of one of the best parties I've ever been to. Our company rented out the entire water park and had a staff party here complete with buffet, open bar, DJ, karaoke, and the best coworkers ever. The DJ was great - he knew when to change songs and was gauging the crowd to see what songs to play.The food was decent too; fried chicken and waffles, breakfast wraps, sausage and biscuits and tons of fruit.All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, the lifeguards were a blast as well. The slides are really fun, especially the one where it's pitch dark for 2 seconds and then you drop into cave where your tube skitters back and forth - I went on that one 5 times alone.If you ever have the money to rent out a water park - I suggest this be the place. The service and staff made it so much more fun.
5	Our kids really loved our stay at the Great Wolf Lodge.  I highly recommend it as a unique and fun way to spend some time with your kids.The service was terrific and the staff were very friendly, with only one notable exception.P.S. To the reviewers who gave the place low scores because they didn't know it was a for place for kids or that you couldn't go to the waterpark without staying at the hotel: Do your friggin' homework!  Your lack of preparedness shouldn't be blamed on the place.
5	Let me start with the good part.  This place is just super fun, and our family just had an absolute ball!!  The concept is so simple it just works and who could argue with fun at an indoor water park?!?  I really love how GWL is geared 99% towards kids and is just over-the-top family friendly.  All of the kiddies were just as free as can be to run around in PJs all day, spill stuff without reprisal, and just make plain silly out of themselves and everyone is just cool with that!  All of the lifgaurd activity made us feel very secure & free to let the kids have fun while Mom & Dad could relax, too!Some not-so-good stuff.  FIrst off, the food could not be more overpriced if they tried, not to mention horrid!  Other than the junk food, the rest of the food here is just plain bad.  They now offer a Dunkin Donuts in-house, but frankly if that's Dunkin Donuts coffee then I'm a toaster (nuff said there).  Sometimes it's the details that get you, and in the kid cabin suites perhaps either the cabin door should be on the other side or they need to remove the mirror from the middle bar/credenza (parents will appreciate my point).  Not sure about the other locations, but this one is in dire immediate need of some directional signs!!Overall, we just had a blast and everyone else seemed to as well.  I would reccomend that you pack some food to bring with you & eat in your room some of the time to cut back a bit on the budget.  Come here with the idea that this place is all for the kids and just relax!  We will certainly go here again!!
5	An absolutely fantastic spot for family holidays. There are kids everywhere, and they are all having an absolute blast. So that tells you two very important things: if you have kids, your family will really enjoy this place, and you'll find the prices to be quite good for what you get. If you DON'T have kids, and don't like kids, you might want to steer clear of this hotel. It is clearly designed and intended for families, and they do an excellent job of catering to this clientele.
3	Went to Great Wolf lodge for the first time to celebrate my son's 13th birthday. Was disappointed about several things. They told me on the phone that the park was open until 10pm, but it closed at 8pm. They never mentioned that the arcade was closed during the time we were there. Really disappointing especially since the park closed early. The boys had fun, but feel mislead and it was really expensive.
4	We've spent the last two thanksgivings at Great Wolf Lodge for our 7 yr old daughter.  She loves the magi quests and the stuff she gets from the Pup Pass. Water Park -  geared toward little ones but the slides are well done and fun for all ages. The main water park floor surface is slick - our daughter slipped and banged the back of her head pretty bad. Seconds later we had a manager, safety person and lifeguard attend us. She's ok, but had a helluva knot on the back of her head for days. The water park air and water temp is on the chilly side, enough to where we stayed cold the whole time we were there. We kept our sweaters on the whole time when we weren't in the water. When you're in the water its not so bad, but you spend a lot of time in lines or walking from one thing to another. The Hotel - the rooms are oddly huge, and overall it has kind of an institutional feel to it. However, it is exceptionally clean. It seems like a small point but it was very annoying there was no hair conditioner in the bathroom showers.  Our hair got super freaked out from the chlorinated waterpark water. There was no conditioner for sale in the gift shop. The overall feeling I got from the chilly water and lack of conditioner was they run tight margins and do not splurge for the guests. There is no limitless amount of piping hot water in the showers - it gets warm, but not quite hot. All in all I could feel the impersonal nature of a P&L statement during our stay. However all the workers we encountered were very nice. The animatronic show in the lobby IMO is on the bizarre side, but all the kids seemed to enjoy it. The first time we arrived the show was going on and I was worried it was some religious weirdness. The desk clerk assured me they were secular, and it was a nature theme. There is a strange chemical odor by the animatronic show, my wife speculated it was pine scent to make the trees seem real. That last part is just me being overly nitpicky. For the most part we had a great time, and more importantly, my daughter had a FABULOUS time.
4	We visited Great Wolf Lodge on December 26th, 2012.  This was a wonderful experience and we will definitely be back.  My 7yr old daughter was so happy and amazed.  The arcade, the slides, the food and sweets just made the entire experience so amazing.   The story time with the snow in the lobby was so cute and made us feel special.  I highly recommend Great Wolf Lodge.  I truly believe that the price is so well worth the experience.
5	We paid less than $200 a night, And got a very nice room. It's nice having the waterpark being only available to hotel guests,  it was rather crowded in the water park I can't imagine how crowded it would've been had there been more public there.  The room was very clean and well appointed and it was nice that they put a soap from their scoops children's spa in the room for the children.  The staff was very helpful and friendly as well.They have magi quest and if anyone has ever paid for magi quest OUTSIDE of the great wolf lodge you'd know how expensive it is, we already had the wand so all we paid was 12 bucks to use the magi quest stuff for the duration of our stay (to put that into perspective, I pay 20 dollars for 90 minutes at the magi quest at the beach) The water park was a ton of fun and we were impressed with the lifeguard staff.  One thing you need to remember is that the lifeguards are NOT BABYSITTERS!  You do in fact need to watch your own children, like the responsible parents I'm sure you are :)There are a lot of unsupervised children running around, we however attribute this to the parents and not the hotel.  All in all we will be returning in a couple months and this was a great addition to our vacation :)
4	Our kids LOVE this water park.  We have enjoyed it during the summer (the outside park is great) and winter for just the inside park.  The water is a bit chilly though, and our youngest one shivers the entire time.  Wish they could raise the water temp a bit especially in the winter.   As far as staying at the hotel, that was just okay.  We spent money on the wand things (for get the name of it) and that was a complete waste.  The food is very pricey, so is the buildabear area and gaming area.  Can easily drop hundreds of dollars in two days.  So, it's worth the stay for the water area but we will skip the extras in the hotel next time.
4	Great Family Fun but [not all inclusive] Expensive!"Summary: From the pictures you definitely get what you see. It's huge, cool, and it's fun. We booked one night for my daughter's birthday and overall the kids absolutely loved it! We have three girls ages 1, 3, and 8. Although they did offer daycare on site (for a hefty charge) there were activities that all the kids could enjoy. It is better for older kids though 8-15. Would I return? No. Would I recommend to a friend: Yes it's worth it to visit one time.We received a nice military discount! Rates on Friday and Saturday nights are $100 more expensive than other days and there weren't any theme rooms available but I heard they are great! The staff was very friendly throughout the entire resort. It was very packed but yet when it came to customer service you wouldn't be able to tell the difference.Cons: Do not book a room on the 1st floor (or basement floor). Didn't feel as safe with the sliding patio door giving access to a non-gated facility. It was also near the conference room and daycares so noise was an issue.Plan on eating out if you're on a budget. Even with "kids under 10 eat free" we ended paying about $31 for their breakfast buffet (are you kidding me?) and two orange juices. There are plenty of choices around the hotel to eat. + They have a Dunkin Donuts inside the hotel. It is way too expensive to take full advantage of all the hotel features. The price of the room only gets you pool access, everything else costs $$$. Their magic wands cost about $30 each and the kids get to go on a clue hunt, the wands also activate a bunch of cool features all over the hotel.Room Tip: Choose a theme room for the kids with bunk beds i.e. the wolf den Higher floors offer more security...
4	A really nice, comfortable, and clean place for family fun.  Plenty of water rides, indoor wave pool, a huge water playhouse, and indoor pool basketball, and even more if you go during the summer months since they have outdoor water rides.  You can even rent an indoor cabana.Place has a nice restaurant that offers buffet breakfast and dinner, a spa, an arcade, an electronic bowling alley, a wizard shop, and a nice gift shop.  Only thing missing is a lazy river.
4	Our family (2 adults and 1 two year old) spent 4 days at Great Wolf Lodge. When I tell you the 2 year old lost her mind the minute was set foot in the door, I would not be exaggerating. She absolutely loved it. From the hourly activities in the lobby to the nightly story time she loved it all. We stayed in a themed room where she had her own space complete with a television and bunk beds. She loved the Clock Tower show that plays in the lobby, when we would try to steal a little rest time in the room she would say "come on guys I gotta go play with the other kids". The indoor water park was a blast. It has age appropriate water slides and activities for the young and old (I was even scared to go on one of the bigger slides). There is an arcade, a bowling alley, a kiddie spa, and putt putt golf all right on the property. We got what was called the Paw Pass for the kiddo, so she got to create and dress a stuffed animal of her choice, free tokens for the arcade, a free sweet treat of her choice and a temporary tattoo. So as you can see Great Wolf is really great. Add to that Concord Mills outlet mall is right up the street...and Mama is HAPPY. It was a great Spring Break for everyone.
4	Great spot for families, lots of kids running around. Lots to do.
2	The food here is tremendous, as in tremendously overpriced. The night we were there, the buffet was just a horrible joke. My first trip to the carving station was met with a pile of prime rib trimmings. I asked if they had any that was  rare, and the attendant brought out a new rib roast to carve. Unfortunately, the least done part of the new piece was medium. The attendant also sliced the roast down the middle before carving it, resulting in my receiving a piece that was half gristle.  The Brussels sprouts on the buffet were of varying sizes, so half of them were mushy and the rest were undercooked.  The mac and cheese tasted like Velveeta with a little real cheese melted on top. I tried the pork ribs on my second trip. They were cold and dried out. At that point I gave up. $20 per person for inedible food. And this place is a resort? With the vast majority of chain restaurants in the known universe having a location in the vicinity, you will be much better off leaving the premises for your meals.
3	Folks are very friendly.. sort of like a lot of happy dust spread around at Disney.  While it is great for kids under 12-years as they get older it is of less interest.  Water park can be appreciated in ONE day... it will wear you out more than one day.  The Hurricane ride is the BEST.  Rooms are nice but nothing special... when you book... go for the least expensive room, they all have balconies.  Go with a full wallet, things are very expensive in this all-inclusive place.We stayed 2 nites... probably a mistake, since we had our fill of the water park after just a few hours.  could have stayed someplace else for less.For a family place the in-house restaurant that offers breakfast to mostly kids and families strapped for cash with the expense of this venue should offer a better deal.  $12+ per person is a bit steep for just breakfast.  Offerings are typical but nothing spectacular to warrant this cost.  The gal working the grill added cheese when I asked no cheese on my omelet, and would it have hurt her to smile a little?2 adults and 3 kids... our bill came to $56.  That is a lot for breakfast.  And we ate light so as to enjoy the indoor water park.Keep you eyes open for specials... I was to fork out $800 until a friend brought me a coupon for a promotional code that saved me almost $300.  So check for mailings and emails featuring savings codes.
3	I would go back - to a different location.I had a notion to go to this water park after finding out my bf gets corporate discounts through his company, so we gave it a shot.  We dragged my sister and her husband along - so that's 4 adults in total.  Let me say, it's REALLY geared towards families.  However we all knew this going in, so if any adults are considering going with ONLY adults, my review may speak to you more than it would to adults with children interested in going.Check in was a breeze, and I was offered a room upgrade to a suite for only $50 more.  I said sign me up!  The room was fabulous, spacious, and could sleep 8 easily.  Two separate bed rooms with doors, 1 with a king w/tv and private bath, other 1 with two double beds w/tv, then a pull out double sleeper in the shared living space w/tv and shared bath.  Small "dorm size" fridge, microwave, and coffee pot.  Very much worth the $50.Now, to the water park.  The howling tornado...what a ride!  Def for thrill seekers, as was the River Canon Run on a slightly smaller scale.  Def. got our hearts pumping!  The Mountain Edge Raceway was fun to race on, as was the totem towers.  The highlight for me was the wave pool and huge water bucket.  [clearly I'm not a thrill seeker, lol]  The Cabana we rented for the day was FABULOUS.  Seating for 6 - 4 chairs & table, and 2 lounge chairs.  Well stocked fridge with assorted soft & sports drinks, water, and fruit juices.  The Cabanas are located in a good area, easy access to all the attractions.  Cabana service was alil spotty, the call attendant button does not always work, or only half your food order will go through via the touch pad.  We resorted to only using the call button and putting the food order in directly with the attendant.  We tipped him well for all the running around he did for us.  The food was only okay, out of the chicken sandwich, pepperoni pizza, hummus and veg, sadly the french fries were the best.  [what does THAT say about the food...]  We opted to go outside the park for dinner, seeing as the food wasn't that fabulous within.  [don't go to Twin Peaks if you have children, Twin Peaks has nothing to do with the movie....which we found out the hard way.....]I'd have to say, overall for 4 adults we had a good time.  But the rides get old quick and there's only so much wading you can do.  The major plus [besides the Cabana!] was the lifeguards on duty were totally on their game.  Never distracted from scanning the waters, signaling to each other, and whistling to put unruly children [and adults!] in their place to keep it safe for all.  Most notably, a live drill in the wave pool.  Another guard snuck in the water with a dummy and the guard on duty promptly "saved" the dummy.  We cheered and applauded for him - job well done.So parents, be happy the life guards are on their game, and when in doubt, put a life vest on your kids - they provide complimentary ones at the entrance.All in all, we had a nice time, will be back...but to the one in PA as it has a lazy river and we will go when the kids are back in school so it'll be less crowded.
1	We visited the Great Wolf Lodge in the summer of 2012 and my family was highly disappointed. The water park itself is awesome...very exciting rides for all ages, fairly short lines, and plenty to do. We only got to enjoy it for a few hours though because my daughter cut her foot open on nails sticking out of the carpeting under the bathroom door inside our room. I went to the front desk, not to complain at first, but just to say, "Hey, get someone down here with a hammer." The clerk evidently didn't understand though, because she told me to take my daughter to a lifeguard by the pool....like she really wanted to walk a 1/4 mile on a foot that's pouring blood. I was beyond furious to say the least and I had to walk the halls to find a maintenance person myself. We stayed the night anyway and I asked for a manager 4 different times, but every time I was told that "she's busy but they'd let her know I had a complaint." Over a year later, I still haven't heard from anyone and it was the worst customer service I've ever seen in any hotel...much less at a "luxury water park destination". Also, avoid the buffet if you value your sanity.  With a ridiculous price and horrible food, you could dine anywhere in Charlotte for less money.
5	Our 1st experience was May 2012.  We had a blast with our then 5 and 4 year old.  Highly recommends THIS site!!
3	Expensive! My sister made reservations & paid for the room but with the money I spent on randomness was insane. 100-200% increase in items you'd pay for at the store.
2	Slides are cool but the resort itself is lacking a lot. Asked for the directions for the gym and didn't give me clear directions.AC was super loud.Kids running around past 11pm. Everything is overpriced.
4	I had my kids bday party here.  The kids had a blast, there are a lot activities for them to do. Great place for kids and parents. Only problem is price a little pricey.
3	Had four visits over the last five or so years. And that passage of time matters.Seems to me that the sweet spot for this family activity is ages 8-12. Once any part of your brood cycles out of that range, the value really declines. I will say that ages 2-7 do have something to do. There is a dedicated toddler play area that has plenty of safe, splashy fun. And the 4 and up set does have a massive slid, play, squirty area, in addition to pools and such. But the big slides and such really do skew a little older -- and they are clearly the most fun. The drops and speeds are pretty intense -- particularly at night when you have no clue what is going on as you plunge outside the building into darkness and then spill back inside, in a heap. For the faster stuff, I'd say 13-15 yos eat the stuff up. Beyond that age, it ceases to be cool.Anyway, the non-water park activities are well thought out and include a recent addition of mini-bowling. The decorations and decor have seasonal themes, so Halloween and Christmas are always nice times to visit and offset the loss of the outside portion of the waterpark.Only real complaints are the cost -- which can be high if you don't pack bodies into rooms -- and the junky, downmarket food. Maybe I was just so tired and beat from chasing kids around all day, but it certainly seems like the food offerings -- particularly the breakfast buffet -- was higher quality years ago and that you could buy an actual draft beer at the water part snack hut, which now is just 100% HFCS.Still, I'm glad we spent time at these somewhat unique and well-run properties. Makes me feel old to think that our most recent trip was probably our last.
1	Nightmare check in process. Been waiting in line an hour already with anxious kids. Probably another hour before they get to me. I won't be back.
4	Our family enjoyed our stay here! The tornado is a blast!! That is the first thing my boys and I rode together. There is a limit of 4 people on it so my husband rode with my daughter right after us. It was a tad expensive, however worth it! because if you paid for a 2 day pass at an outdoor waterpark (in the sun) you would pay as much for 5 people and not get to stay the night as well. If you are not coming to play for 2 days, or don't have kids or at least 4 people ..then it may be less worth it to you. The pizza rocked!! We got one on my bday last Tues and be sure to ask for extra cheese!! We were hooked up :)) I was a little thrown back by the MagiQuest for my daughter. The wand is SO expensive ..but it allows them to stay busy with the quest for hours. She requested much help however. Note: You do not have to purchase a wand topper!! The wand was like $17 and up.. then they have a big selection of toppers for the same price! I turned to the clerk and said, " You have to purchase one of these toppers to use this wand?" So, what do you know... he pulls out a box of silver grey rounded off toppers that you get free with the wand. Why are these hidden under the counter?? Ok, thought $17.99 and tax was still pricey for a plastic wand when we were then informed that we needed to place it in the activator. Geez. another $17 I believe. At any rate it came to a total of $35ish and she only completed 2 quests!!! So, It is hard to say no with all the other kiddies running around with the wand BUT all in all the entire trip was very worth it as we took full advantage of the 2 days and left at 8 on the second day. The restaurant was way too expensive other than pizza for us, so we ordered in delivery Chinese to our room and they did come all the way to our room to deliver. The pizza is reasonable and would definitely recommend! We ordered 2 separate times-about $11 bucks. They have icee's , dippin dots, nachos, pretzels etc inside the waterpark. We found that the right side of the wave pool gets a higher wave. I got a small headache the second day riding the tornado. As I headed for a chair to relax, my son asked what was I going to ride as I walked in an opposite direction of the steps of the big rides and I replied, "the chair".lol Have fun! We will be back for sure!
4	Had a blast! Water park is awesome and plenty of places to eat inside! There is so much for kids to do also like quests and other fun games! Really great for families!
5	We had an awesome time here.  Definitely more geared towards families with smaller-tween children. We were probably one of the few couples there with no kids.  But that didn't stop us from enjoying the water park!!!  There are 4 "big kid" slides.  One of them is actually pretty exhilarating.As you would expect, everything here is inflated and SUPER expensive. Pluses are; parking is free and so is WIFI.  We ate a few times at the in house dining restaurant, The Loose Moose.  $14 for breakfast buffet & $20 per person for dinner buffet.  Was the food worth this?  Ehhh....I think it's a little over priced.   Good thing the Concord Mills was right across the highway with LOTS of other eating options around.  The ice cream they have is awesome as well!  A nice treat right after getting out of the water park. The hotel is VERY well maintained.  I don't think I saw a piece of trash or a full trash can anywhere on the premises.  The pools are very well kept, they looked crystal clear!  Tons and Tons of life guards on duty!  They were everywhere and were swapped out often. All in all it was a great 4 day weekend!
5	My family and I have been to 2 other GWLs, but this is the first time to this location.  We love GWL and this one is no exception.  The facility is clean, the staff friendly and the waterpark outstanding. Yes, everything is expensive. My suggestion is to plan on eating your food elsewhere.  This particular GWL is located near all kinds of restaurants in all kinds of price ranges.  This GWL is smaller then the Virginia Beach and Poconos locations. We liked the racing slides, in particular, which we hadn't seen in the other GWLs.On this trip, my little girls went to the Scoops Spa and recevied pedicures.  Again, it was definetly overpriced, but you are paying for the experience not just for the service.  When you get a pedi, they put robes on your kids and place tiaras on their heads.  They also are offered a beverage and get to take home whatever polish they chose. My kids loved it.
4	My family has stayed here 3 times. My kids love it! We live 10 minutes away so we also come every once in a while to let the kids play MagiQuest. Once you've paid to activate the game you can play for 4 days in a row. It's a good summer activity. As far as the resort goes, it's great. The waterpark is the highlight of the resort. My kids love everything in the waterpark. Be prepared when coming to stay that it is very pricey. To stay one night with a family of 5 plus food and activities could easily cost you $500. That's just ONE night! That's my only complaint here. If I'm spending that kind of money I'd rather be at Disney!
3	"First hotel I been to with no ppv or Movie channels"Con : price ($2800 for 4 (2 adults 2teens) no discount if you're there to take a kid to camp and only actually have a full room for part of camp          No movie channels or PPV  We stayed here June 27 - july 5. Arrived early (1245) did ask if we could get discount on one child as she was at camp from the June  29-3 so really we had 3 to a room majority of stay but they said no. I did have proof of paperwork from camp too. But otherwise check in was smooth and easy although we did have to wait for room but no biggie as we needed to stop and get something's anyway. They called about hour and half later and let us know room was ready so all we had t do was just go to room. Easy peasy.Then we get in room. Some mold on shower curtain. Remote didn't work so had called down to housekeeping and got no answer so we went and found housekeeping. Housekeepers don't speak good if any english nor understand very well but with enough hand gestures one figured what we wanted and had a Maintenance man bring us fixed remote (battery back is screwed on so you can bring own screwdriver to change batteries yourself) . Beds suck. And little wolf den or squared of cubby for kids gets warm. No real airflow into that area. Bunks are not average length bunks but can fit a 5'3 person somewhat. (My teen daughters insisted on staying here as they will always be little kids at heart) no cups for coffee but then there's dunkin donuts in hotel so it's all goodBRING AN ADAPTER FOR IPAD OR DVD PLAYER TO WATCH MOVIES. there is no PPV nor movie channels. BUT there is MTV and kids cartoons. More sports channels than end thing really. For the price of the room at least give us one to 2 movie channels ( HBO or SHOWTIME...something !!!) even Disney hotels have ppv or movie channels.Water park has I think about 4 big kid slides/rides and by big kids I mean those who are past the stage of baby rides and have finally met the height requirements for the "real" rides. That's it. The rest is a wave pool ( small but a wave pool nonetheless) a jungle gym water area and toddler water pool. Then outside is another pool no slides and a mini golf course. The cool thing is that when you check in you are given watermark type bracelets that are your room keys and even control your purchases. Now you can have all the bracelets have the ability to charge to the room or you can only have mom and dad's chargeable . Never have to carry your wallet or a key card or anything with you anywhere in hotel. Everything is chargeable to the bracelet...even the gift shops and food stores. This hotel has everything for kids...even full stock bar for mom and dad . BUT NO MOVIE CHANNELS AT ALL OF ANY KIND. You may get lucky and tbs might have a movie on but nothing good. Seriously they have MTV but not movie channels . Just stupid since mom and dad may want to watch a movie together after a long day and kids are in bed to wind down. WiFi is SSSSLLLLLOOOOWWWW. Only ate breakfast at hotel and one night of pizza. Not bad ...there is an omelet station and pancakes made to order. Arcade is fun. All the basics and 2 air hockey tables. The magi quest is fun. My teen girls (14 & 17...we were there for college tours and soccer camp. As I said my girls are still little girls at heart and find joy in the simple pleasures and not social media and video games) enjoyed it but got tired for. It as it isn't something you do in an hour. Would have given it 5 stars if there had been cleaner shower curtains...better air flow in the "dens" and of course PPV or even one movie channel. There is always something going on and the location is great. Just minutes from mall and speed park ( free concessions with price of admission on some passes ) sea life is small but ok. Charlotte speedway is very close and there are plenty of food choices nearby.
5	Really fun place to stay! I have a 2 year old and an 8 year old in which both had a blast. The facility is very clean, the staff is amazing, and the restaurants on site have great food. We stayed two nights and it was plenty of time to see and do everything! There is one thing that would make getting food a little easier and that would be room service,(atleast breakfast). Overall, We had a fantastic time and would highly recommend!!
4	Our family had such a great time here.  I was amazed with how interactive the lifeguards were here.  Our children had a blast.  Yes it can be pricey, depending on if you wish to spend extra in gift shop or other areas, but we brought our own beverages, breakfast, and snacks so that was really not an issue.  The only reason I don't give them five stars is because the bed for my husband and I was so uncomfortable, my back and neck hurt the next day.  Also, the shower tiles were moldy in our room, and our room stunk when walking in.  It looked clean other than the shower.  Overall, I'd take the uncomfortable sleep any day to keep those big smiles on my children's faces!!  My husband was a giddy child over the water slides, so even that was priceless!   The staff was all super nice, it did not take long at all to be checked in (on Wednesday weekday) and also called our phone shortly after letting us know the room was available.  Very pleased with the staff and water park! Yes, even at midnight (thinking wifi would be better then) the wifi stinks!  But we were so worn out, it didn't bother me too much.
4	If you have kids, stop reading this review, open up another window and book a stay here. I am not a water park person but this place is awesome. Everything is crazy clean, even the arcade and water park which can be notorious filth magnets. I was so impressed with the number of lifeguards at the park- it seemed like they were everywhere and they were incredibly focused. I am a bit overprotective when it comes to my kids and water but I was able to relax and even read a book! I was a bit worried that my 10 and 7 year olds would get bored after a while but we opened and closed the water park down each day. The rides are fun and the lines move very quickly. It is pricey here because basically you are paying for comfort and ease of everything at your fingertips. There are tons of restuarants around Great Wolf but who wants to stop having fun and leave? So, just accept that you are going to pay for the convenience of being able to eat semi-decent amusement park food in your bathing suit. There were some healthier choices at the restaurants but it wasn't gourmet fare by any means. If you get tired of the water park there is an arcade, ten pen bowling, mini-golf, a Magic Quest game and even performances and story time in the great hall. This place is very focused on kids (seriously, it is kid heaven) but adults will still have a good time, even if that means you actually get to sit at a table by yourself and read for a few hours.
5	I would  like to tell you  about a person  you have working there me and  my wife our names are. bill and Noreen dimsdale  we met  a very helpful  person named Roxanne  when we went on some water  she  was there to help we went on every water slide you had we made.  a friend we think about her every time we think about great wolf  the stay was  very wonderful. when you read this please tell her we are thinking of her and great wolf we are planing to come back next year  we really injoyed it thank you  for your time. bill and Noreen.
5	2nd time here and I love it no complaints. The people in NC are so nice and helpful here wow just wow
2	The Internet connection is so slow. I could barely check e-mail. The televisions are inconveniently placed in the family suites. The beds are stiff and the water in the sink and shower smell and tastes severely of bleach. The walls are so thin just having a conversation in normal tones in our room brought a noise complaint. The bar closes way too early although the bartender Valerie was a charming woman, very skilled at mixing drinks. The rides were fun but the stairs to get there were not. At least we avoided sunburns, although it was rainy outside anyways. The games around the hotel look like fun, but too expensive for our tastes. The main gift shop had some decent jewelry. The second gift shop was kind of hidden but had some neat stuff in it. The wave pool was lame. The food was a bit overpriced, but I did take advantage of the omelette bar, just be up really early for it. Probably never coming back because it's all too expensive.
4	Amazing fun to be had! Magiquest is included in your stay...or you can go and pay to play! The waterpark is fantastic and looks like a ton of fun! I cant wait to return!
4	Kids will lose their minds over this place.  Parents may lose their savings. :)This is not a resort for anyone who is looking to get away from kids or spend a luxury spa weekend or for anyone seeking quiet time. This is a place for families with kids or teenagers looking to have some water park and activity fun in a crowded, loud and family focused atmosphere.Bring your own beach towels or robes. The towels provided in the water park area are small and scratchy and you will be wet most of the time.Bring water shoes, flip flops or water crocs.Leave your fancy clothes and shoes at home.Bring the kids water goggles but not floats or noodles - they are not allowed. Life vests are provided for weak swimmers or small ones.Bring more than one bathing suit for each person. You can hang them up to dry, but you will be in the water A LOT, so it's smart to bring a lot of them.For ladies, bring your cover ups and easy clothes. You are going to be in and out of the water and it's great to be able to just throw on your cover up and go to lunch - then come back and get into the water again without a lot of hassle.GET A CABANA! For the days that we were there all day we paid to get a Cabana - it is worth the price. You have a little tent where you can leave all your items - you have a waiter who brings you your food/drinks along with a cooler with pre-stocked drinks and loungers and a table. You also have a dedicated outlet and a television. My Mom spent the day in the Cabana while we were in and out of it playing in the water. She was actually on her lap top most of the time that we were playing. (69.00 on off days and 99.00 on peak days)Enable your wrist bands for charging. It makes it very easy to charge anything you need on your wrist band and not carry a wallet or credit card. The bands are also your room keys - really great idea for this sort of park.Pay attention to the room type that you book. They have some rooms with bunk beds and others with more than one bedroom. My niece and nephew LOVED the bunk beds in the kids camp room - it even had their own little tv in there. They spent a lot of time in that little room.IMPORTANT: You won't be able to get through a stay without your kids wanting to play MagiQuest - they will need a wand and a game set up - this is about 45.00 per kid. (the wands come with a standard topper, but the fancy toppers that light up are 15.00 extra FYI)  So just budget that in because the kids all running around casting their wands at everything in all the hallways will definitely make the kids in your party want to play. It's actually a fun thing for them to do once the water park closes or as a break from getting soaked. Late check out can be purchased for a fee (60.00 or so), but you don't really need it - if you get up early and take your stuff out to the car and put your change of clothes in a locker - you can use the water park and magi-quest (if you purchased that) all day and then change in the dressing rooms and head out any time you want.There are limited restaurants in the resort, but you are right next to the mall and there are several family places right near by if you don't mind driving a few minutes. The Loose Moose is the main dining place for breakfast, lunch and dinner -and they also have a pizza place, a dunkin donuts and an ice cream shop.A cute thing to do for girls is get a mommy and me pedicure at Scoops Spa - it's an ice cream themed spa for kids. My niece loved it.There is something for every age. Little kids have the fort and a toddler play area and the outdoor pool. Teenagers will love the extreme water slides and the basketball hoops in the pool, there is an outdoor area for sunny days and our favorite pool - the wave pool - 4 foot waves every 5 minutes or so..  my niece and nephew spent most of their time in there.The Tornado slide was insane - don't do that unless you are fearless.The River Run was great for family groups and even small kids (with an adult).The Racing Slides were a lot of fun.And the Tube rides were great as well.A special treat - I forgot to mention that I paid for the cookie delivery service for my niece and nephew. So one of the characters actually delivered warm cookies and milk to the room - we took photos with the character and my niece and nephew (4 and 7) were so impressed, seeing their faces was worth the money. I think it was like 30.00 or something like that.My complaints:No Room Service! = BOO!No Pay per view movies = BOO!No all day breakfast restaurant = BOO!Pull-out sofa bed was horrible, had to get a roll away = BOO!
5	My 10 year old son lost his mind!!!! Loved it!!!I have celiac disease & they had a chef meet w/ me to go over my food options at the resort. Incredible!!!! Very food allergy friendly!!!
5	Good place to spend time with your family. Kids seriously love this place. It is very convenient to have a vacation without having to leave the resort. If you choose to, it's in a prime location to restaraunts, shopping, walmart, etc. LOVE ITT!!
5	This place has everything for a family of all ages. The water park is indoors so you can go year round. It has a pool with games and slides for small children, a wave machine, a large pool with games and a huge water slide fort. They also have Magiquest which keeps kids from 5-12 well entertained and moving throughout the hotel. Great place for a family weekend.
5	Really amazing. We've been here 4 times and it never gets old. While it's not cheap, it's the best all day family fun any where in NC. The rooms are comfortable but basic, which is ok given your only there to sleep. Game room, bowling, and not to mention the crazy indoor/outdoor water park. Our daughter is 5 and can go on everything but the Tornado, so it's perfect. Bring your wallet but also be prepared to have a great time. 1-2 day max trip.
1	Beds are not comfortable and for $390 a night at least put money in to the mattress. Food was subpar at best and priced as if it was gourmet. Very disappointed. Just admit you're running an indoor water park and let it go. Close the restaurants because you're just embarrassing yourselves. Hilton Garden Inn has better food, unlimited coffee 24 hrs, great rooms and beds...if they had a water park you'd be out of business
