5	I started going to see Dr. Wagner about 5 years ago (after 3 years with no dentist)  I should never say that I love going to the dentist, but they definitely make it a positive experience.  The entire staff is super friendly and treat everyone like a valued person to them.  I always recommend them to my friends.
5	I have been seeing Dr Wagner (Ron) since I was a wee tot. After over 20 years, I still love him and his staff. They always know who I am when I walk in and pretty much know my life story. My dad, mom, sister, aunt, uncle, husband, etc all go to him. I even moved to Henderson and still make the drive to see them. My husband even said I should find someone closer to home, but after him and his problem teeth saw Wagner's office, he makes the drive and is converted! I highly recommend them to anyone. They are always so courtious and delightful! Even when getting cavities filled (which I am a nervous wreck about), they still seem to be able to calm me down and get it over with promptly. Their office is high tech and even have TV's in each room to distract you. It is a one stop shop for cleaning, dental work, and even cosmetic/whitening. Ron's son Kent is also wonderful to work for :)
5	I "love" going to the Dentist just as much as everyone else.  Dr. Wagner's staff makes it easy to schedule an appointment while at the same time they are very accommodating if you need to change it.  The Hygienist are  very nice and gentle.  They explain what they are doing along with listening to your feedback.  Dr. Wagner is a caring doctor who obviously loves what he does.Would recommend this practice to anyone.
5	I have always had a lot of anxiety about going to the dentist. This last visit, I had to have three fillings and a crown. Sufficed to say, there was a lot of drilling! If you are a huge baby like I am about even the slightest discomfort, you should absolutely come to this dentist. Dr. Kent Wagner is a very calming presence. He works quickly, and I have no fear of any future return visits! Rhonda, his assistant, was also really wonderful. She was very warm and calming, and made the whole thing fly by. The front office staff are really great. This is a dentist I will always return to!
5	I have been going to Dr. Wagner for over 11 years and I would never leave.  Appointments are always on-time, the staff is friendly, the office is super clean and nice, and most importantly the dental work is always great.  Love the Wagners, have recommended countless friends and family to their practice.
5	By far the BEST dentists I've EVER known. Everyone takes SUCH good care of their patients. They truly care! I've had nothing but wonderful experiences through the years with Wagner Dental. I would recommend them to EVERYONE.
5	Best dental place I've been to! They are super fast (went for a cleaning during my lunch hour!) and the staff is very friendly!
5	Best office in town
5	I always thought teeth were over-rated and should be treated like a meddling mother-in-law...something you need to deal with every few months and then forgotten about till next time.  Then I came to Las Vegas for a regrettable weekend and found myself face down in a gutter with a chipped tooth, reeking like gin.  I staggered into a cab and told the driver to find me a dentist....I don't care how competent or reputable, just find me one.  Somehow we ended up on Village Center Circle, going counter-clockwise.  After 15 minutes on this road, which seemed to lead to nowhere, I finally got dizzy and happily paid $75 for my long hauled cab ride.   As fate would have it, I was dumped off near the Wagner Dental office so I barged in, unannounced.  Waiting room patients averted my eyes, turned up their noses, and whispered unflattering remarks as I walked by smelling like cigarettes and Seagram's.  "That's not fair," I thought.  "I don't even smoke."    Nevertheless, Dr. Wagner's receptionist greeted and treated me like royalty.  My guess is she had a stuffy nose or some olfactory nerve issue.  But as I waited to be seen, I noticed something obvious was missing.  In the spirit of full disclosure, I want to give my one criticism of this dental office - it has no slot machines in the waiting room.  How was I supposed to pay for my visit if they didn't give me a chance to land three cherries?  Well it turns out some old fashioned sleuthing by the receptionist resulted in her discovery that I had dental insurance.  So I hit the streets of Summerlin to panhandle for my deductible and then returned, ready to go after plunking down a few piles of coins on the front desk. She didn't even make me separate copper from silver! This being the wild west, when ol' Doc Wagner entered the exam room I expected some grubby, unshaved cowboy holding a bottle of whiskey and some pliers.  Nope. Dude looked like he could have been married to Flo, the Progressive Insurance gal....that's how clean and white and sparkly his clothes were.  His breath smelled like Colgate, not something found on the side of the road and grilled over a campfire.  Dr. Wagner fixed my busted tooth so well that now when I grimace, people come up to me and say, "Bill, you have such a nice grimace!"If you need some quality dental work (and I don't mean by some part time hack working from the back of a food truck), then Wagner Dental is the place to go.  Everyone there is so clean and polite, which is perfect for me since opposites attract.  I would like to say I moved to Las Vegas so that I could be near Wagner Dental, but the truth is I moved here for the slot machines in K-Mart's lobby.  Regardless, I cannot imagine a dental office more courteous and professional than this one.   Folks, you should go to Wagner Dental...I mean it, I'm not busting your chops.
5	I always thought teeth were over-rated and should be treated like a meddling mother-in-law...something you need to deal with every few months and then forgotten about till next time.  Then I came to Las Vegas for a regrettable weekend and found myself face down in a gutter with a chipped tooth, reeking like gin.  I staggered into a cab and told the driver to find me a dentist....I don't care how competent or reputable, just find me one.  Somehow we ended up on Village Center Circle, going counter-clockwise.  After 15 minutes on this road, which seemed to lead to nowhere, I finally got dizzy and happily paid $75 for my long hauled cab ride.   As fate would have it, I was dropped off near the Wagner Dental office so I barged in, unannounced.  Waiting room patients averted my eyes, turned up their noses, and whispered unflattering remarks as I walked by smelling like cigarettes and Seagram's.  "That's not fair," I thought.  "I don't even smoke."    Nevertheless, Dr. Wagner's receptionist greeted and treated me like royalty.  My guess is she had a stuffy nose or some olfactory nerve issue.  But as I waited to be seen, I noticed something obvious was missing.  In the spirit of full disclosure, I want to give my one criticism of this dental office - it has no slot machines in the waiting room.  How was I supposed to pay for my visit if they didn't give me a chance to land three cherries?  Well it turns out some old fashioned sleuthing by the receptionist resulted in her discovery that I had dental insurance.  So I hit the streets of Summerlin to panhandle for my deductible and then returned, ready to go after plunking down a few piles of coins on the front desk. She didn't even make me separate copper from silver! This being the wild west, when ol' Doc Wagner entered the exam room I expected some grubby, unshaved cowboy holding a bottle of whiskey and some pliers.  Nope. Dude looked like he could have been married to Flo, the Progressive Insurance gal....that's how clean and white and sparkly his clothes were.  His breath smelled like Colgate, not something found on the side of the road and grilled over a campfire.  Dr. Wagner fixed my busted tooth so well that now when I grimace, people come up to me and say, "Bill, you have such a nice grimace!"If you need some quality dental work (and I don't mean by some part time hack working from the back of a food truck), then Wagner Dental is the place to go.  Everyone there is so clean and polite, which is perfect for me since I'm not.  I cannot imagine a dental office more courteous and professional than this one.   Folks, you should go to Wagner Dental...I mean it, I'm not busting your chops.
5	Best dentist ever! Dr. Kent has been my dentist for about 7 years and even though I moved to California I always come to him and recommend him to everyone. The staff is awesome and they are just the best people!
