5	Dave's Metro did a terrific job on my recent glass replacement. They came recommended by my long time Mercedes mechanics at MB Motors, and they've never let me down in ten years. So it was an easy decision to make. The gal who set up my repair called in to my insurance with me and had the claim set up in short order. She worked with me to determine the correct glass for my car (seriously no idea how many variables there are here) and they set up an appointment for the next day. The gentleman arrived at my office exactly as scheduled (no we'll be there sometime between noon and Tuesday) and had the glass replaced and the cute little Mercedes Benz sticker back in the widow in about an hour. They were able to work with my insurance to approve OEM glass. While I realize about 2% of people who ever look at my car will ever notice this detail - it makes this girl very happy. I know you have lots of options for glass repair, which may or may not include a year of free Chinese dinners, but consider Dave's if you're more concerned about getting the right windshield for your car than free lo mein.
5	I highly recommend Dave's Metro Auto Glass to anyone who needs auto glass replacement or repairs. My car was broken into and the thief shattered my passenger side window. I called Dave's. They came out the same day I called. Not only did they provide a great service, they also cleaned up the broken glass from my previous window I did not get around to cleaning. They made my window replacement easy and no trouble at all. They even came to my work to take are of this matter, so it saved me the time I would have taken going somewhere else! Highly recommended!!!
5	When we arrived they got right to work.  We had a quarter size hole in the front windshield.  They were done in record time. You were all a great bunch, very attentive. Janie, who we made the appointment with was very nice.   The price was better than we expected.  Thanks for all your help.  If it happens again we will be back.
5	Thank you Doug, Francisco and Heather for your yelp* heads-up on Dave's Metro Auto Glass.  The old bomb took a final gravel hit to the windshield, we were exhausted trying to stare through the sand-blasting of another 'shield, I hunted down mobile glass houses, and found Dave's.  Work completed quickly and professionally, Plenty of instructions to make sure the repair lasted.   When you work with Dave, proud veterans are working, and a little league team here in the valley get sponsored.  Hard working, courteous, pros.
