1	I wondered what happened to what Fry's used to be.  I walked into the store and thought I was in Food City.  This was the last grocery store in the area that the multicultural population could shop at.  It now caters to the Hispanic population.  They stopped baking fresh rolls for sandwiches and the stock in the aisles is all Hispanic oriented.  Geesh!
1	Worst store ever. I am a regular Fry's food shopper, but this store is horrible! I drive out of my way to not go here. Be prepared to stand in line for a good 20 minutes to check out with their 1 cashier. This is after you walk around the store and not one employee will greet you or help you if you ask. The parking lot is gross as well, trash everywhere.
4	I come here all the time.  It is a model match to the old, defunct Fry's Food and Drug on Litchfield Park Road in Goodyear that I used to shop in with my mom back when I was in high school in the late 80's.  This is the last of the Fry's Food and Drug (that I am aware of) that still has this old school layout, and for some nostalgic reason I always gravitate towards coming here.  I know where each and everything is and what aisle it's in (all the aisles are even the same) and it's a Fry's so I already know the prices are fair.  Anyway, childhood nostalgia may not be their biggest selling point to their other customers, but at least for me it's a nice little step back to 25 years ago.Now I have never had a problem with the lines at the registers being that bad or by not being able to get help when I needed it, so I can't vouch for that.Is this Fry's newer and fancy?  Nope.  But you know what, it's for that EXACT reason that I like it so much.  With so much changing and modernization happening so fast all around us I think it's nice to stop the clock and take a step back and just revisit our old haunts, and this store does just that for me.
2	I refer to this Fry's as the "Ralph Steadman Mart" because it is always full of freaks.  That being said, because of sheer convenience I still visit the store on a nearly daily basis.  The staff are friendly.  One lame thing is that the store doesn't bother to stock many of the "high end" items that you will find in other Fry's (organics, quality booze, etc.).  If you want to visit a better store with better everything, check out the Fry's on 20th St/Cback.  Much better.
3	UPDATE: Got the feedback this was a "rant". The skinny is ... There's never any roasted chicken (you'd want) as promised and heavily advertised. If you want roasted chicken this probably isn't the best place for you.The Review As Written...Meh. I only stop here if I'm chasing chickens. No, not the kind you routinely see walking around Arcadia. The roasted kind you're supposed to peel the skin off of and eat as a healthy protein. (Ok, so SOMETIMES if the skin is crispy I might just have some. Maybe.)The deal with Fry's is that if they don't have a roasted chicken available you can have a credit. So I've noticed an annoying trend about this store. I only stop in here if I'm desperate (and coming from downtown). Or if I'm about to eat my arm. But usually I have to be *really* short on time to stop here given the other nice Fry's Marketplace options.Sooooo...anyway. This location will have one sad, pathetic pale and undercooked chicken available for your purchase. ALL THE TIME. So, no, I don't really want to buy that one. But I really need/want a roasted chicken to shred for post work-out. "Ok, fine. I'll take that weakling home." But every time I've regretted it. I can only salvage a third of the chicken. The rest is fatty or just not really cooked. (UGH.)And it's not like I can ask for a "better" chicken. I've tried that. (At CostCo sure. Hang around for a bit. They'll churn some out. Not here. Soooorrrry.)When I checked out today I mentioned that I had the last chicken to the cashier. Oh boy. And then SUDDENLY (like magic) the phones were picked up. "Gotta make fresh chicken!"Really?Thanks.
2	Maybe... Just maybe I've become too "bougie" the last couple of year. I recently moved & this Frys is "closer" than the one I've grown accustomed to off 44th & Thomas. Now by closer I mean you'd think it would be counter productive to drive from 16th where I stay now to the latter. That was an  assumption I made & I was wrong. This Fry's is old & not up to par with other Fry's I've been to. I couldn't find a majority of the specialty foods I usually purchase which caused me to drive up the street when it was all said & done. This Fry's needs an upgrade like it's counterpart off 44th. I hate to think it has to do with the surrounding community & demographics that it caters but all to often it is.
2	I tried to order online for a deli tray and the system kept kicking me out.  I decided to go to the store.  It was just after 7pm and the deli was a little busy.  I was standing at the counter patiently waiting while the two clerks helped other customers.  When all the other customers were helped, I had to request assistance since the clerk just walked away from me as I stood at the counter looking at a party order brochure.  When I asked if I had to call the number on the brochure or if I could place the order here, the girl told me to go to the front counter to see if they could help me.  I challenged that statement so she went and got her "boss."  Kevin was very helpful in trying to get my order, but the binder for the orders did not have a calendar and/or order forms in it.  He ended up taking a piece of paper and wrote my information down on it.While he was trying to get me the prices, the Frontline Manager, Bronson came over and interrupted Kevin to get some prices on meat.  Bronson never once acknowledged that Kevin was assisting someone else and you could tell Kevin was taken back that he was being expected to pull up prices instead of helping me.  Kevin apologized but he knew there was nothing he could do to change my complaint.  They have posted on the cash register to get 50 gas rewards points you have to give them a super rating, which I told him would not be happening from me.  I did explain that he was very helpful but the customer service overall was not very good.I just hope my order is correct and there when I go to pick it up on Wednesday.
4	I don't usually shop at this Fry's but I donated to the next door Goodwill so I stopped in. It's clean and lot's of items were marked down. No complaints.
