3	Not sure who the other reviewer worked with, but I've never had a bad experience with Rubin's.  Some pieces are lackluster, but the store is generally reliable.  Alternative comp is Century House.
5	I was always a bit hesitant about going into Rubin's thinking that I would not be able to afford anything. The other day I ventured into their Monona clearance store and not only were the prices great but they had a ton of random awesome furniture.  All of it seemed to be of very high quality. All of the designs were way different than most furniture stores around, very modern, simple, clean lines. etc...The sales guy was great too, he knew a ton of info on each piece there. We bought a white leatherish futon for $299. They actually had them in stock so we did not have to buy the floor model. I love what we bought, it fits perfectly in the room, and seems to be made really well.I will def be back shopping at Rubins.
4	Little pricey but good contemporary furniture and the woman who helped me was really nice and not pushy at all. Good deals during the floor sale.  They also delivered exactly when they said they would, despite a major snow storm.
1	Every time I have interacted with anyone from this store, I literally have the WORST customer service of my life. Every single person I have spoken to is extremely rude and dismissive and act like I am a waste of their time or a bother. They were unhelpful and have completely soured any experience I could have had with this store. Will never shop here again.
2	You'll find some of the most beautiful and expensive pieces of furniture here. However their customer service leaves a lot to be desired.My situation:-ordered a custom piece of furniture-waited ~5-8 wks for delivery-furniture arrived damaged -store manager suggest I wait for the sectional to be remade or choose something else in the store-I said no because I need a presentable piece now and there's nothing in the store I like-Manager (store owner's daughter) stated my 1k+ deposit was non refundable...luckily I did not sign anything agreeing to such.*There should be an exception if the furniture arrives damaged!
