4	This is some darn good delivery pizza, in the face of comprable competition like pizza hut or domnioe's.hidden in a tiny strip mall off of lemon and terrace, you can pick up a pie for only $5 on Tuesdays. They actually run a special every weekday, just call and ask what it is -they do require you pick up for the specials though.the best part about this pizza is that you can get flavored crust for no additional charge. like butter and garlic, sesame seed, etc.it's a thinner crust style, similar to dominoe's but much more tasty.
5	Hungry Howie's made my day today. Some friends and I were moving into our apartment, always so fun, and are friends who were so KINDLY helping us started to get hungry for lunch. You think it would be easy to find a pizza delivery place, but out apartment isn't realy close to any so it was actually difficult! We called a local shop near us only to find they weren't open on Sundays. Boo! One of my friends suggested Hungry Howie's ,which honestly I have never heard of, but we gave it a try.  Not only were they open, but they delivered that pizza faster than I have ever seen before! Very much appreciated by the starving movers!Decent pizza, cheap prices, and excellant service! You can't go wrong!
4	Best pizza ever.  Period.  They deliver late, and their crust flavors are all amazing.  I would also recomend the wings, the cheesy bread, and the cajun crust.
4	When it comes to chain delivery pizza, Hungry Howie's and Papa Johns take all. Hungry Howie's is good fast pizza. But realistically I think that it takes the cake because of the crust selections! -Original-Ranch-Cajun-Onion-Garlic Herb-Butter-Butter Cheese-Sesame.The fact that you get to choose your crust is a genius concept and I would take Howies over Pizza Hut, Dominos, and most other big pizza chains.
4	As good as delivered pizza gets, lots of toppings to choose from, flavored crust, decent wings
1	This pizza doesn't "do it" for me. I prefer Gus's. My boyfriend and I ordered from here and the pizza was very tough and we did not enjoy eating it...
3	So great and no place is cheaper. go with the Cajon Butter crust for a delicious though unhealthy treat. Yum!
3	Love the flavored crusts! I only get cheese so I couldn't say much on toppings.
3	If you are drunk and/or a poor college student this place is perfect. For $5 you get a large pizza. Said pizza is edible. You can't really beat that.I was unaware that they have flavored crusts. I look forward to trying these next time.Its super close to my place so I just swoop by and pick it up, thus avoiding a delivery tragedy.
5	Tasty & Cheap! I used to love their $1 cheese pizza Wednesdays!
4	Decent, cheap pizza. Salads are large portions with plenty of veggies. Flavored crust is about the best invention ever.
1	The reviewer who described the pizza as "tough" was spot-on. This is literally the worst pizza I have ever had in my entire life. I would rather go hungry than eat Hungry Howie's.
1	The idea of flavored crust, is great. The problem, is the pizza is dry. It's like eating cardboard. Atop thus, the toppings are barely there. No, I did not get the $5-one topping pizza. I cannot in good conscience, recommend this to anyone.
4	Okay.  I gave it another try.  Not sure if there were new people this time or what; however, I did find an improvement.  I would like to try the flavored crust with a stuffed crust.  I would go back, based upon this last visit.
3	I have tried this once more. This time was better than the last, but not by too much.  The pie was more edible, but still a bit dry. I used to work at Domino's and Pizza Hut, and this pizza is still drier than them. I still love the idea of flavored crust; however, I am still not fully satisfied overall. Perhaps in a week or two, I may give it one last try.   The service was not too bad. In that area, I admit I've had better. They were not that quick to help new customers walking in.   If the crew had the desire for better service and pride in food prep that the owner seems to show, this local would be so much better.
3	Cheap eats.  Their distinguishing feature are their flavored crusts, which are crusts that are sprinkled with various spice mixes, or with butter.  Not the best pizza, but you get a lot of pizza for your money.
4	I like a simple pepperoni pizza on seasoned butter garlic crust and I like the hot wings.  I use to eat  from a different location but this one is good also. Oh I had a hot sub here and it was mighty yummy. Can't beat the prices and the crust if you are one who likes to eat it comes in a number of seasoned flavors and is tender and good.
3	Meh.  It's cheap pizza, and I guess it's better than Little Caesars.  There's nothing outstanding about the quality, but it's not terrible.  If you need cheep eats, though, it's good enough.
2	Tables & the floor looked oily & dirty.I walked out of the store without ordering.I can't imagine they would bother to keep inside kitchen area clean.
1	We use to love Hungry Howie's 5 years ago before we moved. So when we moved back to the area we were so excited to eat them again! We ordered two of their special pizza's  1) was philly cheesestake and the other was a meats eater. Wow these things were awful! I am not even sure if the word awful is strong enough to describe how bad these were. It was like eating cardboard and the toppings... What toppings.. I swear maybe 2 pieces of meat less than the size of a nickel on there. The toppings seemed old and overcooked the few that could be found.. So unfortunately something we were looking forward to has gone so far down hill we will never give them another chance to redeem themselves and will just have to find someplace else to satisfy our pizza cravings.. It was the worse 30 bucks we have ever spent.
2	I ordered my pizza and salad online. I thought it would be more convenient than going there to pick it up. This location isn't that far from my place, so with the 45 min approx wait time, I thought I could expect my food close to that. Not sure of their process but I have a feeling it doesn't take the actual pizza 45 mins to cook (correct me if I'm wrong.) So I gave them a call 45 mins after their 45 mins was up, and was told it was on the road and would be there any minute. I'm pretty sure the guy on the phone was the one that delivered it to me, so that was cool. In all it took about 1 hour and 45 mins to get my pizza, which arrived not even remotely hot. If I hadn't been starving at the point, I probably wouldn't have eaten any of it. I haven't touched the salad, but I guess at this point the salad is moot.
3	The $5 pizza was not available during my college years, but that could be a good thing. Might as well pay 5 bucks more for a more solid pizza somewhere. I had high hopes for the butter parmesan crust, but the only thing that happened to the crust was a dusting of parmesan cheese and no butter taste. Still, it's easy to get a pizza at any time here so that's a positive. I also tried the large Greek salad at $6.99. This took awhile to prepare since none were made in advance. That meant I was getting a fresh salad and it was loaded with tons of feta cheese and some average lettuce, but on the menu it said it contained beets and none appeared. The one time I was craving a beet, I was let down. It does appear that this area is a bit shady, but all the drunks picking up their tasteless pizza will protect you.
4	U can always do half pizza with one topping & another half with different topping for no extra price! oh and its just $5. pay a $ more and get 2 of the best tasting garlic butter suaces to put on them :)
2	Have you ever had the communal bread during service?Yea that's what Friday night deliveries of Hungry Howie's pizza crusts taste like. Dry, crumby, doughy.It was a pleasant reminder of the desert sand Phoenix was built on but sadly not one that reflects good pizza taste.Don't forgot the dried on cheese glue on top!Yum!You couldn't pay me 5 dollars to eat this but sadly my inebriated comrades seem to love its pink pizza cases and their friendly 45 min service!On a plus side this pizza does have the magical effect of bringing you down to wherever depths of euphoria you were in to the stark reality with just 1 slice :OOne last crack....This is one pizza Digiornio's can beat in their "fake pizza delivery ads" blegh
1	When I was in college I loved this spot and I just recently came back NYC for a long awaited visit to Hungry Howies and to show my east coast buddies whats up.  Not only did I receive the wrong order (I got half Jalapeno/half onion pizza instead of bacon and onions), but this was easily the worst pizza I have EVER eaten.  I drove all the way from Gilbert cause this was the only location open late night, and my night was pretty shot after opening the pizza.  Thanks a lot Howies...
4	Great pizza with flavored crust open late in Tempe until 3am also. They run $5 pizza specials also but Check locations Ahwatukee didn't but Tempe does.
3	Nothing best pizza I ever had but not the worst either. Have a great deal for one topping $5 large pizza. They have an option of flavors for their crust. I personally like the Cajun one. If you're looking for a cheap pizza that a step above Little Caesars this is  the place to go. They also have a great deal that includes two large one topping pizzas garlic bread and a two liter which is great for a group and it's only $15.
4	Personally, I love their $5, one topping, large pizza with free flavored crust. They have many crust flavors to choose from.But my favorite, hand's down, is the garlic and herb. YUM!!! The pizza itself is fairly standard and tasty for a takeout pizza.I will mention though that while this pizza tastes great fresh, it is not particularly great when reheated. Some pizzas taste better the next day...this is not one of them. It is ok reheated or cold but no where near as good as other pizza chains for leftovers.(Please note, the $5 price is only valid at a handful of locations.)
1	I actually spoke to the GM about a coupon that was listed through their online order menu off of the corporate website.  They stated that they WIILL NOT honor what was listed online.  At this point, I have dealt with this location on numerous occasions and they do not care about customer service. Quite frankly, they are taking advantage of the college area that they are in.  Here's the deal, in tempe there are more people who are not students and value the businesses that are in our city, but if you are here to take advantage of the core of our community, which is our students, you do not deserve the business.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.  You are terrible business owners and should wake up to the fact that this is a community and you decided to be part of it.  So honor your company and what they represent.  I will be reporting your behavior to your corporate office, as I am sure they are not aware of your lack of professionalism.  I grew up in Detroit, where this company came from and I know that they would never stand for this.
1	I had a coupon for a free small cheese pizza offered from their Facebook page. I went into the store to redeem it and they said they needed the printed copy of the coupon, which I didn't have. I just had the email they sent me. I tried showing them the coupon code I had but they still refused honoring my coupon. I'll never support a business that doesn't honor their coupons.
1	The other night, we were starving after coming home from Mill. It was about 2 am and we thought pizza sounded wonderful. We called up Howie's and ordered a large pepperoni pizza, figuring it wouldn't take too long, since we were right around the corner at the District...wrong. About an hour after ordering (when they said it would be between 30-40 minutes), the phone we called with originally died, so we called to give them a new phone number to reach us at when they got here. After asking for an ETA, they said "Uhh...soon. The driver is on his way." Wonderful! ....30 minutes go by and we call again. The guy says our driver is at our apartment so we go check...nope. After 2 full hours, we call AGAIN. This time, the guy starts yelling at US. We explain that it's been 2 hours and it is getting ridiculous. He argues that it hasn't been THAT long and he has no clue where the driver is. We want to make sure we'll get a hot pizza, especially after waiting for 2 hours, but the worker says we'll get the one we were getting originally...Finally our pizza shows up, 2 1/2 hours later, around 4:30 am, cold and gross. Never again, Hungry Howies.
1	2:57
1	nooooooooooo
1	It pains me to say this but this Hungry Howies is just awful! Their customer service is some of the worst I have seen. Recently my boyfriend ordered a pizza and after an hour of waiting for it he called to see what was up and the person who answered the phone said..."uhh, we tried to contact you about that, we can't deliver there." They didn't try to contact him and he had ordered delivery in that range before fine. Their pizza is alright and cheap but we won't be ordering it when we're in town again due to the bad service.
1	Absolutely horrible service!!! I order a large pizza, wings, and bread sticks. They took two hours to deliver it!! And once my food arrived, my food was COLD!!! I called to speak with the manager. The manager was suppose to give me a credit for the food I order BUT he didn't. The manager was only willing to replace the $5 Large pizza!! What a rip off!! My order was well over that amount of a $5!!! Your better off going to Little Caesar Pizza. AND don't sign the receipt until you check your food
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. I ordered from this place one night pretty late maybe about 1:30, after about a little over an hour I still didnt receive my pizza, so I called the store and they had the driver call me back, I stated my address as clear as possible, "SOUTHERN AVE" and this genius delivered to "7th avenue" really? why the hell would anyone order from somewhere that far away? Never got my pizza because they were closed by than, did I forget to mention that they had charged my card for it too? never ordering from this rat hole again.
1	I've always loved their pizza and the customer service was okay, unless you want to take advantage of their late night delivery. I ordered pizza around 2 am for delivery and after an hour of waiting I called back to see what the hold up was. The manager began to get an attitude with me and saying that the driver came to my apt, knocked and called several times and didnt get a response so he went home. I told this "manager" that we received no phone calls and have been waiting patiently outside in case the driver got lost. The guy on the phone said too bad sorry and didnt offer any compensation or even an apology. I will not be going back and its a shame because I used to love this place.Great pizza, WORST customer service
1	Okay this place sucks. 1. There was a rumor that there were 5 dollar pizzas and there wasn't any at all2. They said it would be 20 min and after 20 minutes they said to wait a couple more minutes (annoying!)3. They poured about three pounds of pepper on the pizza crust which is disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Later i will NOT be back P.s. The place next store has great beaner candy
4	I like the pizza. Pretty cheap, can have a quick dinner provided you order it 20 mins before you can pick it up. Sometimes the crust gets really hard but yeah cant expect a great one for 5 bucks.
2	The food could be worse. It's like domino's quality but not quite there. The wings, however, were prefectly hot. not as crispy or anything as i would prefer, but their hot sauce brings a good amount of heat.Here's the real issue: we ordered at around 11 pm on a Monday night, and we didn't get our pizza until closer to 12:30 AM. Also, I felt like it was expensive for the quality/portions.I'd only order from them again for the same reason I ordered from them this time - literally no one else would bring me pizza at that time of night.
5	This is my favorite hungry howie's location. Because of their $5 large 1 topping pizza, it definitely makes it the one with the best deals. They're always friendly when I go in there and if you're a regular they remember you. I recommend this place to anyone in Tempe even if they don't drive to you.
4	Had hungry howies twice and this is really really good pizza for the price.  Out of all the places that deliver in Tempe I think this Is the best. Love their crust- we get the butter cheese and its delicious!  The price is really good and they deliver quickly.
3	Drunk? Need pizza?Don't mind if you poop your brains out in the morning? Then get Howie's. It always tastes so good going in that it's kind of worth it. I think?
2	It's ok. I would rather get something else but my boyfriend and his friend have a weird obsession of coming here instead of ordering first. It's not really a big deal till the sun goes down. Then the local college crackheads come out to play. The area is pretty sketchy in my opinion and having some cracked out guy talk my ear off while the stoned employees take their time on my pizza is not an ideal Friday night... well it could be for some people. The music is kinda loud in the establishment so prepare to have to talk louder then normal to get your order semi right. I had hungry howies deliverd to my place once. I told the delivery driver to keep the change (was like $5 tip) and he said wow in such a way that I thought he was expecting a bigger tip. Anyways, I like the howie rolls and the cheese, sausage and green pepper pizza. But when in doubt, if its 2am and your stoned and hungry, just have them deliver it to you instead of waiting with the crackheads at the store.
2	The pizza is pretty good. Especially at 2am. But when it takes over an hour for delivery, no thank you. I shouldn't have to call 3 times to find out where my pizza is. Then when he finally showed up he asked for a tip. That's the best way to not get a tip.
2	I just ordered from there. And paid $25 (including tip and drivers tax) for a teeny tiny pizza and some half assed boneless buffalo wings and a 2 liter Pepsi. Uhhh... Yeah. Their hours are pretty good sure and it's nice to be lazy but I'm starting to think if this was worth it at all...
1	Taste is good, but hurts my stomach hurts after 30 minutes of eating. They must use the cheapest products available.  Make sense its only five bucks. Spend a bit more and get a frozen pizza :)
1	Still waiting for my pizza. Ordered food. Never came. Called driver. No Call. Called Hungry Howies. Was told to leave the drive a message. Dear hungry howies and all of your employees. Please get an education you useless pieces of scum you try to pass as a human being. Its your job to create easy and efficient customer service. No one expects you to be a 5 star steakhouse but please, like use proper english when like, people call you, and maybe dont suck. Cause you freaking suck. I bet the pizza prolly tastes good but who knows. If i wait a few more hours i might find out! (I wont)
1	Worst service ever!! Tonight I went online to order a pizza and it told me that I was able to order delivery from the tempe location. I was all set to order but I couldn't get my coupon code to work so I decided to call my order in. Upon answering the phone I gave the woman my address. I gave it to her and without looking at a map told me that she didn't think I was in their delivery area. I told her that I was able to order online but she said it didn't matter. She then said she would look at a map. Instead of looking at a map I could here her talking to her coworkers in the background. She asked them if they delivered to my address and one coworker replied "yes I'm pretty sure" and another responded "no I don't think we should". The woman responded to me saying that they wouldn't deliver to me. I'm very upset that I would have been able to order online but was shunned away when I called. I will not be ordering from this store or Hungry Howies in the future. I was very dissatisfied with my service and how I was treated
