4	I wanted to try this place because it was in the neighborhood.  I went in and the receptionist didn't even greet me but one of the nail technician's did. He asked me what I wanted and I told him. Then he began doing my nails. I noticed the place was kinda dusty. The technician was a really nice guy and we chated for quite a while. My nails turned out beautiful and I would come back to this place.
5	I use to go to Lovely Nails before the new management ordeal. I can truly say it is now way better than before.  It is very organized, has great costumer service, and gives great results. I will be going to Lovely Nails every time I want to get pampered.  I got a pedicure, full acrylic set, and my eyebrows waxed...they can do anything.  Their work has an excellent quality. I recommend going to Lovely Nails for their services.
5	just moved to vegas and came across this random little nail salon five minutes away from my house.i went in with no appointment and they were able to accommodate me right away. i sat down at a desk and a man named tip started on my nails swiftly. i've always preferred a male nail tech because for some reason they just do it better and tip did not disappoint. i asked for a pale pink gel nail polish and also showed tib a picture of how i wanted my nails to be shaped- an almond shape. tip did exactly what i asked for and spent a good amount of time prepping, cleaning my cuticles and going over coats of polish to make sure my nails were immaculate. he ended the manicure with a hand massage which is always nice.tip made very little but casual conversation here and there, friendly and polite. there was only one other lady nail tech when i was in the salon along with a male receptionist. the place was not busy considering i went in on a saturday afternoon. i have not a single complaint about this place and i came out of the salon completely satisfied. i will be going back to tip again and i highly recommend this nail salon if you're ever in town and looking for great service and amazing nails.not to mention, my gel nails only cost $30.
5	Just got my nails done by lovely nails and they did a fantastic job! When I'm in Vegas this is my go to spot. They get it done right every time. Thanks guys!
5	This is a great, family owned place. We called on our way to Vegas and they were able to see both me and my husband same day. Very friendly and great if your on the run.
5	Clean, quick service, and great people!!! And most importantly, my nails look fantastic every time!
5	Excellent customer service and clean appearance. I went in to have my gels removed and get a simple manicure with clear coat. Tammy was efficient and friendly and the pricing is great! I will be coming back for sure!
5	Saw this place on my way home from the gym. The family that's owns this place is adorable and super sweet! Tammy gave me a mani and I have no complaints. She spent extra time making sure all my gross cuticles were gone and was a total gem!
5	My daughter and I have been here twice now for gel polish manicures. It is owned by a nice family. We have had the mom, dad, and daughter do our nails and they all do a great job. The shop is clean and the prices are good.
5	My girlfriend and I needed to get our nails done, she comes in regularly. It was my first time here, I usually go somewhere else and I was always content with the people doing my nails. Wanted to try somewhere new, with something still near my house. I used to drive by this place thinking it wouldn't be good because of the location. It's a family owned business also. But anyways! My girlfriend and I walked in only two ladies were working with a few customers. They said it was only a 15 minute wait wasn't too bad. I went first because I needed a fill plus I wanted to do gel on my acrylics. The girls took turns with me, one shaped my nails and did my fill, when the other painted the gel on my nails. The second girl was so sweet and funny, she noticed I had dry cuticles, then she offered to clean it up for me. SHE WAS AMAZING! My nail beds look great! I told her I couldn't do anything to crazy with my nails because of work. I spent less then what I expected too! So she didn't try to up sale me on anything. This salon has so many options of gel polish! I will be coming here for now on! I'm in love with my nails!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I decided to try this place out because its by my house and I saw the reviews on yelp.. I love it! Kim did my acrylics and she did such an amazing job. She was so friendly and talkative...great personality!! Its family owned so it was sweet seeing mom dad and daughter hustling to get all the clients done... I'll definitely be going back
4	My very first time here with my sister. The place looks decent. They were very friendly. I wish my sister and I could have come earlier because I felt they were rushing a little bit. My manicure turned out okay. Not as good as the picture I showed, but still cute though. I think they could have done better. My sister liked her nails done by Lovely Nails compare to the last nail spa she went to. She's thinking of bringing her friends here. So that's a plus.
3	I came here this past Friday to get my nails done for myself and my maid of honor and brides maid and I as well as my maid of honor decided last minute to get a bikini wax as well. (FYI, I've gotten a lot of bikini waxes. ) The nails were done well. Color selection was good. The bikini wax however was terrible. Both my maid of honor and myself had the same horrible experience. When I first went in for the wax, I started to take off my pants and undies and she stopped me and said it's not needed, only half way off.  I didn't agree with that statement as every other place I've been to always told me to take my pants and undies off all the way. I thought this odd but okay, let's see where this goes.  She started and I noticed she wasn't very efficient and she was very slow. I told her repeatedly I wanted a Brazilian wax cuz that's what I always get but she kept acting like she didn't hear me. Finally I noticed she wad only doing the top portion of my bikini area. I had to make her get my inner thigh area b/c she refused to go anywhere near the middle /lower area like she was afraid of it or something. This took over 20 minutes and it was only the upper part of the bikini area!! THEN THEY HAD THE AUDACITY TO CHARGE ME $35 FOR THAT SHITTY ASS BIKINI WAX JOB!! BOTTOM LINE, DO NOT GET A BIKINI WAX THERE EVER!!! (My regular girl in Los Angeles does a full brazilian wax including the booty area and tweezes any stubborn hairs in 10-15 minutes for $30!!!) The only reason they get 3 stars is the good nail job cuz the bikini wax jobs were horrible.  (My sister/maid of honor said the same exact thing happened to her too!!!) HORRIBLE!!! Okay, rant over! Lol!
4	Was in town for the weekend and needed to get a mani.  The staff here is very nice and my gel mani came out beautifully.  The facility is clean.
5	After moving to this side of town I was on the hunt for a new nail salon. One year later and I'm still a regular. And about time I leave a good review! I always get a gel fill and walk away with no complaints. Great sculpting of the acrylic and the gel polish is perfectly applied every time. It never peels or chips. And they file my nails to the most precise little point. They're a fabulous family owned and operated business. Thanks Lovely Nails!
4	Lovely pedicure. My maid of honor and I came to get a pedicure for my wedding. We made an appointment because there's only three people on staff on a Tuesday.. which makes sense. She received a gel manicure as well. My pedicure went smoothly except for clipping my big toe a little too hard.. other than that my basic manicure was great!
5	First time coming here came with a gf of mine it wasn't horrible they were super nice and spoke English the whole time which is a plus and they didn't rush
5	This was my second time here. Kim did my acrylics and was very detailed.. making sure everything looked perfect.. and then her daughter Tammy did my design.. I'm simply blown away. She was amazing. These are my bridal nails and as she was doing this I couldn't help but keep saying in my head, "these are my bridal nails and they couldn't be more perfect." Thank you so much you guys. I LOVE them!!! :-)
1	My friend and I went to get a full set and gel polish. Her polish came out wonderful but my new set was horrible. She used the wrong brush and it had old dry acrylic in it and she put a bunch of acrylic on my nail so I simply told her that I did not like it that thick and she started shaking said go back to where I got my nails done before and she took off all my nails and left them like that. She acted like no one ever told her that they did not like something.
1	Worst shellac manicure of my life. It was already chipped and It started peeling off after I left. Don't get the new girl.
5	Not from the area and was very skeptical about trying a somewhere I didn't know, but this place is wonderful. Very clean, friendly employees, and reasonably priced. All I needed was a fill and Victoria did a such a great job. No pressure to add anything (like a pedicure or design) she took her time made sure my nails were even and didn't rush me out. She made me feel like a friend instead of a customer. Definitely would come back an get my nails done here whenever I'm in town.Thank you again!!
5	Trying this place out for the first time. Hoping that it will be my new nail spot. :)
5	I've been coming here for over a year now to see Tammy... and this is my personal favorite nail place to go to! 1. Because it's so conveniently close to my house (I live in the spring valley area down the street) 2. Because it's a family owned establishment (they have new owners now who I have met, and are still just as nice as Tammy and her family) and they make you feel comfortable. - never did I feel as if they were talking about me in Vietnamese, and honestly the only time I heard them speak Viet, was when Tammy's dad came in the store briefly and was asking when they would like to eat. The place is very clean and they use new tools and have hot towels, they don't leave a mess laying around. Tammy always does my nails there and anything I ask, she's willing it give a go and make it happen for me, and I'm always getting complimented on my nails and I always refer them to here. What I really like about this establishment as a nail salon is that it feels like a home more than a business. Even the way they say hello and treat you, you're not just an appointment or a walk in customer to them, I feel more with Tammy that she really does treat you like a friend. Thank you Tammy for your great customer service and the great job you do on my nails.
4	I never have to wait long or wait at all. Super close to my work. Pretty good pricing. Best if you make an appointment. They have new pedicure chairs now also. Wish they had more regular polish to choose from.
5	I got a French pedicure today. Nice people. Professional service. I look forward to going back for a gel manicure sometime soon. Thank you, Lovely Nails.
5	I was visiting Vegas and needed a pedi. There was no wait, and the girl took her time and did a great job. The chairs were nice with massage. Great price and service!
5	LOVELY LOVELY LOVELY Nails nails nails!!!I could write a song.... dance, sing. Praise David and Linda that they exist. I've been here twice. My sister once - let me tell you my sister, an absolute Nazi when it comes to cosmetic services... And she loves this place. That's because every person in here pays careful attention to details, takes their time with you no matter how busy it gets to ensure quality, pays attention to you to make sure you're comfortable, and also treats you like a friend. David is such a godsend ~~ I'm so glad he only lives several minutes away from my sister and I! Highly highly recommends this place ladies!!
