1	I've waited to write my review on this apartment complex until I put in the time living here.  Unfortunately, this rating has dropped substantially in the past couple months.The location of the complex is excellent, as it's very close to parks, night life, shopping, and everything else.  The community has more pet and dog owners than average, and you will definitely see them walking around.  The residents seem to be fairly young, and there are many families with children.In the past, maintenance response has been quite quick.  However, when we recently asked to have our apartment sealed up to reduce the number of roaches we've been seeing recently, the front office made it no secret that fixing our building's broken AC in the middle of summer was more important, so we would have to wait until it was fixed (with no solution in sight).We received a letter from the complex manager that specified our rate for renewing our lease, and we were pleasantly surprised to see that it had gone down.  When it came time to go and sign our new lease, the manager acknowledged that she had sent the letter to us but claimed it was a typo.  As a result, our rent was $50 more a month than we were told it would be.  After speaking with her about it, she was very unapologetic, and told her that we could just give 30 days notice and leave because she would have no problem filling our vacancy.  This happened the week before our wedding, and it was really more stress than we wanted to deal with.As a result, I would NOT recommend this apartment to anyone.  There are plenty of other complexes in the area, and, if our rent renewal didn't coincide so closely with our wedding, we would be looking for another home.
4	Time out. These negative reviews are extremely far-fetched. There is new management that has been extremely friendly and responsive. For instance, they personally remind me when packages arrive and are sure to take care of my maintenance request the following day. The inside is extremely nice compared to the other apartments in this price range.More importantly, the location is the best in all of Scottsdale. It is near everything you need and within walking distance of every bar/club/restaurant in Old Town. This place is no where near perfect, but for the price-- you simply can not beat the environment and atmosphere.
5	The Cortesian recently came under new management during the summer and I've had a great experience with it so far.  I recently moved out to Scottsdale for work and I'll boil down the perks of The Cortesian in four quick points:1. VERY CHEAP! Is it the most fanciest place in Scottsdale? No. But you'll pay half the price or a third of the price compared to San Marin or Palladium and still be within walking distance to Old Town.  2. Respectful and prompt management team. Every time we submitted a report, the maintenance guy would come fix it within two days.  Even when we had huge packages that we accidentally delivered to the front office, they held it for us without a problem.3. Renovations. Brand new state-of-the-art laundry machines were put in place so you can see which ones are being used online.  New pavement and 3 swimming pools.4. Clean.Definitely check out this place first if you're in the area. If you want a cheap low-key place to live right near Old Town, this is the spot.
4	Visited a friend who is living here, and I was definitely impressed. Clean, nice apartment within a very close distance to Old Town. They told me the rate, it is very reasonable! Wins all the way around.
1	My living experience here was sub par, I lived here for 9months, and in those short months their was a switch of management companies and to say the least the old company was much better, more personal  and friendly and now its run by Alliance Management, a bunch of snobby women and false move in specials, in the middle of summer my air conditioner wouldn't go below 87 degrees, they said they would have it fixed the next day because they ended up having to order a part that was suppose to come the next day..understandable the next day i was leaving to come back to Wisconsin to visit and the part still hadn't showed up( need I remind them if the problem isn't fixed within 48hrs I am suppose to stop paying rent until it is resolved according to the lease agreement) I can only take off so many clothes to keep cool before I'm naked, I get back from Wisconsin 6 days later and the problem with the air conditioner still exists, finally after 12 days my air conditioner was fixed supposedly I still felt it was warm, maybe because our building was prorated for utilities they had it fixed so it couldn't go as cold as I wanted and in 118 degree weather I WANT IT COLD! There is alot of better places to live around Scottsdale than this joint, do research and find a better spot if i ever moved back to Scottsdale I wouldn't even consider this place.. Oh and also if you get a move in special read the fine print.. if its there , because after I went through my run down of my place to make sure everything was in order to move and AFTER SIGNING THE PAPER SAYING IT WAS LEGIT AND I OWED NO MOVE OUT COSTS I GOT A BILL FOR 194 A MONTH AND A HALF LATER !! Seriously before signing a lease here Look for other places around that area to live, right across the street in all directions are apartments and up and down N.Parkway and hearing from those tenants I wish i would have done the same! I am just one person but this is how i feel so Cortesian Suck it ! Bring back Jackie!
1	When I moved in in 2010, I'd have probably given them a 4-star rating.  The location is great, the management (we called them the "Golden Girls") was friendly and knew me by name, and maintenance response times were quick and efficient.  Any issues I had were politely handled by the friendly, "motherly" ladies in the office.  They handed out bagged breakfasts on occasion in the mornings as you'd drive out of the complex, had popcorn popping in the office for residents, movie rentals available, and really went out of their way for the residents.  THAT version of the Cortesian gets at least a 4-star rating from me.Then, Alliance took over in 2012.  The Cortesian went downhill FAST.  They canned all the office staff and replaced them with a bunch of young know-nothings.  Every time I went in there somebody new was working who had no idea who I was, etc.  Not very welcoming or home-y.  Random employees coming and going, no consistency.  Maintenance issue response times at least doubled.  I was used to getting things addressed by the old management within a day or so.... waiting a week became common.  The maitenance guy was nice - but there was only one, so they're WAY understaffed now.  Included utilities became a thing of the past.  While they renovated the laundry rooms, the new (and cheap) machines, along with the new credit card machine, are ALWAYS out of order.  Every weekend there were more machines NOT working than there were working.  Know how they clean the pools?  THEY DUMP BOTTLES OF CLOROX IN THEM.  I've seen them do it.  The fitness center was rehabbed but is consistently closed for who knows why.   I can't even count how many times I woke up to cold showers and the hot water not working.  A cold shower is always a great start to the day.They re-painted the exterior of all the buildings, but told us less than a day beforehand to clear off our balconies, otherwise our items would be disposed.  Luckily I checked my junk mail to find that email, but I'm sure others found it too late.  Maitenance/rehab work has been going on forever with the swimming pools, and it starts at about 7 am (as does landscaping), so good luck trying to sleep in once in awhile.  The office staff also treated my wife extremely rudely when she tried to retrieve a fob for the laundry rooms, which I was none too pleased about. Roaches, bugs.... I could go on and on.  It's amazing how the management and office staff ruined what was a nice place when I moved in.  I think the icing on the cake is their website, which depicts models and buildings not even associated with the Cortesian, and they call themselves a "renovated masterpiece" on it.  So add false advertising to the list.  Very glad to be out.
1	And now, upon moving out, they're hounding us for triple-digit  "move-out" costs despite us having a maid service clean the place from top to bottom upon moving out.  According to the lease they're supposed to advise the tenants of when the move out inspection will be so the tenant can be present, but they didn't with us.  When I called them out on it, they claimed we "gave up that right when we turned in our keys."  Both attorneys I spoke with said their claim and interpretation of the lease wouldn't hold up in court, and their assessed charges were illegitimate, but the cost to take them to court exceeded the amount they were charging so it wasn't really worth it.  CURRENT TENANTS:  DEMAND TO BE PRESENT AT YOUR MOVE-OUT WALK-THRU.  And their current property manager as of April 2013 is not pleasant to deal with.  She's more concerned with collecting money than working with tenants to solve problems... there are apartments north, south, east and west of this place...move into one of those, cause they can't get much worse than this place.
1	I have lived here for the past 7 months and I can honestly say I absolutely hate my apartment, and property manager Alliance that has taken over. Here is a brief synopsis of my great experience so far. First off, cockroaches, everywhere all the time. No mater the time of day, or how many times they have sprayed or baited the apartment. Not to mention the cockroaches are crawling in my light fixtures attached to the ceiling. Secondly, the "makeover" on the Cortesian has been the biggest pain in the rear. The pools, laundry rooms, and fitness centers are always closed, not to mention- When the "professional paint staff" came through they were 2 weeks off schedule, and one day when I walked out of my apartment a non-english speaking man wasn't paying attention and sprayed me and my poor dog HEAD TO TOE with brown paint. His only response was "I'm sorry." When I told the leasing office, they merely said "oh it's great you aren't mad, sorry about that." Well, guess what- I was mad. I am mad. The Cortesian is a complete dump. My carpet has come up 4 times already by merely walking on it, all of my bathroom fixtures attached to the walls have fallen off, and the new maintenance people pale in comparison to the old maintenance guy Aaron, who could and would fix anything, he even brought treats for the dog. Paragraph three of annoyances. I have the most awful upstairs neighbors. No matter what time of night, this morning it was 3am, they had music blaring so loudly I could hear every word from my bed where I had previously been sleeping. Do they get a warning for noise? No. But the jerks can call and claim that my dog is barking, when in fact it was the dog who lives next door while my dog snoozed in his cage. Then the property manager can find time to call and let me know it's "in my file."The last thing that kills me about this place is how overpriced it is. I pay over 820 dollars every month for a tiny one bedroom apartment. I would understand if I ever went out in old town, that there is a possible allure, however for a complete crap hole, the rent is outrageous. The ONLY plus of this complex is that utilities are cheap. I have yet to have a utilities bill over $50. Live here at your own risk.
1	This is by far the worst run apartment complex I've ever lived at or heard management doest care about you or your needs just your cash.Took three months to change a outside light bulb and a screen for my kitchen, not kidding.Id rather rent a cardboard box in el-paso then resign my lease. they shut off your water no notice by the way,tow your car if you have a flat tire you walk in the office very snobbish for people that make 8.00 hr to rent a living nightmare.If your looking the bus stop is a much better place to live.
1	This is by far the worst rental company I've had to deal with. The staff are horrible. Their customer service skills are worse than mcdonalds employees. Maintenance is required monthly. Takes about a week or so before they even show up to do the maintenance. A/C goes out during the summer at least once a week. Hot water was shut off for days at a time. I could go on...
1	This is the worst apartment complex on the planet, they moved people into my apartment with me still in it. Tried to charge me over 400 in late fees, tried to put an eviction on my credit, and made me get a lawyer involved.Do NOT sign a lease with these people. I urge you at the sake of your sanity. I did nothing wrong, paid on time, and the leash agent Alicia is honestly the scum of the earth. Anything she tells you is a lie. I helped two people who were waking into the leasing office find another apartment as I was moving out. Good luck to any potential renters. I would choose anywhere else.Thank
1	I would rather live in a box on the street than live here.  There are enough cockroaches for a horror film.  The repairs take weeks to get done. The ac and heat comes and goes. The front office lied about moving out fees and sent me to collections. They change the pet rules mid lease.  Apt life kind of sucks anyway.  Here it's like hell.
4	I'm surprised by a lot of these negative reviews. I've been living here for almost a year and I haven't run into anything that bothered me. In college I rented an apartment from a truly awful company and life at The Cortesian has been a dream compared to what I was forced to experience then.Customer service is great and the leasing office is convenient and professional. Move-in was a breeze and one of the staff members has gone above and beyond for me on a number of occasions already.This isn't an luxury complex by any standards, but the value is good when you compare The Cortesian to some of the other similarly priced options nearby. The apartments are clean and have modern fixtures and appliances.To address the bug problem: I haven't had any issues. The lease clearly states that any indication of insects should be reported immediately and there are steps to solving the problem. My criticisms would be that1) The pools/amenities are a bit lackluster compared to similarly priced complexes2) They offer the option to pay rent with a credit card, but the fees associated with it are so high that it doesn't make sense for anyone to actually use that method.
1	I am so thankful to be out of this place. I lived here spring 2012-2013. I wouldnt recommend moving here because:Roaches. Just thinking of our old kitchen gives me chills. I never wanted to cook because many times would see a roach running across the stove or countertops. Management. Trying to make cortesian an upscale and trendy place hahaha! Not sure if still up but their website had showed a river on the property and models as residents, making it look like some upscale complex. They put in new laundry units and half of them did not work.  They changed the laundry room to have a fob to enter and when I said I needed one , they got suspicious because I was not on my husbands lease even though I told them that I had filled out paperwork with the old management which they didnt have.( my husband had moved in there first)  they said I had to fill in a new form and have a background check  because "the cortesian Is a crime free community"  and if I didnt return the form I would get evicted?!  Our dishwasher didnt operate correctly and they made the maintenance guy come 3 times to try something to see if it would work ( it didnt). Finally after like a month and a half we finally got approved to get a replacementThe best was when we moved out. We hired a maid to clean up the apt and she did a good job. But not good enough apparently because we got charged because "not up to their standards"?Some of the residents are questionable. A hoarder lived downstairs from us and the one across from us would leave their trash bags outside for days. No wonder we had so many roaches. There was another one close to us that would blast eminem every saturday morning at 8am.  The only good thing is the location but would encourage you to look at the many other complexes.
4	I've lived at The Cortesian about 2 years now.  It is an older complex, but after considering many other Old Town apartment complexes, for the money, it's the best bet.  The new management has done a decent job upgrading the place since I've been here too...remodeled laundry rooms, gym, pools, redone asphalt and exterior paint and landscaping.  I haven't had any issues with bugs like some other people have mentioned and I would not tolerate creepy crawlies if I did see them.  The office and maintenance staff are super dog friendly which is a must for me and even have treats for the pups.  The couple times I have had a maintenance request, it has been fixed quickly and my microwave and dishwasher were replaced with brand new units.
1	The swamp chiller goes out for 3 or 4 days every month. If having cooler temps in your dwelling is important to you I highly recommend you continue with your search. I cannot wait until my lease is up. Huge mistake on my part for not being more thorough with my research. They don't seem to mind the tenants not having chilled air, possibly because the leasing office is always cool. Maybe us residents can organize a sit-in at the leasing office until we're assured steps are being taken to prevent the reoccurrence of an obviously faulty swamp chiller. This is 2014 in Scottsdale, Az, there's no excuse for this wilful negligence.
1	Only adding a star because I have to. I lived here for two years with the old management. It was ok. They were nice, helpful in the complex. I had a crabby old lady neighbor below me and a creepy guy next door. After a couple of complaints they were both relocated within a few months. A few months before I moved out management changed and things went down hill fast. There was a stabbing in my parking lot and management did nothing to step up security around there... I gave a 60 day notice and was still sent to collections. A strongly worded letter from an atty took care of that but since they don't charge deposits this is how they get what they want from you.. Cockroaches? I had a few. A/C? Went off a few times.. Upgrading the pool and laundry? Ha. No pool chairs for two months so they can be re-strapped and not replaced.. It's cheaper to buy new.. This place ended up being a joke and if it is for convenience only keep looking..
1	This Place is the ghetto of Scottsdale! I live here and it is absolutely awful... Management is rude and unhelpful, Alicia is one of the rudest people I have ever met! Takes over 10 days to get any repair in your apt, sofas, mattresses, shopping carts, broken down cars with flat tires, landscaping hardly ever done, not to mention the green pools! Dog crap everywhere because people are to lazy to pick up after their dogs.. Air conditioning (chillers) always breaking down...Gun shots last week and police were everywhere...DO NOT RENT HERE!!! I wish I never signed a lease here, stuck for another six months...
