5	This place is AMAZING! My cousin had a bball tournament here on a HOT July day. When we got there, they had a summer camp going on where the kids were going through this HUGE slip and slide! The pool area is HUGE with tons of different water slides and fountains. I would totally join this place if i lived there.
5	Went to sign up for Member Appreciation Day today.  The front desk was super friendly and warm. Maureen was an excellent tour guide.  Not the newest facility, but I loved the diversity and seeing the kids have fun.  Loved the fact they have a steam room and sauna.  I will be spending alot of time here.  At the end of my tour, Megan was a doll completing my membership.  Reminds me most of my Y back home.
4	Its fun to stay at the Y M C A!!Ok so this YMCA is ok, nothing amazing. I went in to try it free for 2 weeks and was taken aback. Now ive been to 3 other Y's and they have blown this center out of the water. Im basing this review off of those campuses.The pros:Zumba with Stina! Ok I go to the Zumba classes here, one with Subrina. I prefer the class with Stina, she has high energy and really cares about us. Other teachers dont take the time to show you the steps or show people who arent at their level a less impact way, Stina does!Clean towels in case you forgot oneChildwatch! You get 2hrs of child watch, fo free!Climbing wall- although I probably wont use it! Lol.Water aerobics and a bunch of other classesScholarship programThe consZumba class is done in a small studio- in colorado at the Pueblo campus its done on the gym. The basketball gym here seems like its dedicated to a local basketball team. The child watch is only certain hours from 9-12 and 4-8 Mon-Thurs Fri 9-12 & 4-6 and Saturday 9-12. I think Fridays and Saturdays should have more hours, Friday the centers only open until 6 which is lame imo but yea.Another childwatch con is that its a confrence room with toddler type toys. The ages of child watch are 6mo to 7 years. My son is 6 and can really only play with the cars or color. Now the Pueblo CO campus child watch is AMAZING. They have a huge jungle gym (floor to ceiling) and they have babies is another area. Here theres only 1 girl working for all the kids. If they have a baby in their hands and a kid hurts themselves what are they gonna do?!The layout of the campusThe steam room seems to shut down at 7pm, 2wice ive gone in amd there was no more steam coming out. BOO!The main floor has a basketball court, child watch, a studio, and the pools. 2nd floor has 2 studios and the main workout area. Overall I really hate the layout of this center, its just dumb.Now when I signed up they never gave me a tour, I felt sooo lost and almost left bc I didnt know where things were and they have no staff roaming. The only staff I seen was at the front desk.The bathrooms on the first floor are right next to the basketball area, it sucks after working you balls off to walk down stairs in front of hella dudes to go to the steam room in the bathroom. THEN have to walk out AGAIN in front of all those dudes.The equipment is pretty dated, im used to the nice stuff. Also, the area itself is small. Theres like 8-10 treadmills, a few bikes, and elipticals. Then they had the gym equipment which is like 12 machines and then the other stuff for free weights. Not  a huge variety. I guess the Pueblo campus set the bar exorbitantly high and this Y just does not come close at all. They should give this place a lil face lift! I heard the SkyView campus is awesome, I may have to schlep my son and I over there in our pos to check it out. Overall, this place is mediocore. I love the Zumba w/ Stina class and the fact that theres not a crap ton of models and body builders. The patrons are nice, I just wished they would learn to wipe down the machines after they use them!!
4	First time with my family here and pleased with the atmosphere. Many activities to choose from for different age groups and it is apparent strong efforts are being made to remodel the building. Staff is friendly and lifeguards are professional and consistent with their duties. We are hoping one is opened in Henderson; but for now we will not have a problem coming to this one!
4	Two full sized basketball courts that are in really good condition -- I come for the basketball leagues that are really competitive and well run. -- Only down fall is my car got broken into and purse was stolen and not much help from staff.. but I guess what could they do? Just not the best part of town Im assuming.
4	I joined the Y on 01/7/13 and was pleasantly surprised. No enrollment fee. No contract. Access to all the YMCA's. The Zumba Classes are awesome. Sabrina and Christina are awesome and the we learn new routines all the time. The room is big and just got new floors! They are getting new equipment, even though the old ones are still new. The ppl are friendly and they are actually trying to lose weight and not just trying to look good in spandex. Overall I am enjoying the experience:)
5	I like this place more than the one by my house, the centennial location. It's much bigger. Anyway everyone there was very helpful. I had a good time at my sons basketball game.
5	Come ready to exercise!  Also, there is something happening going on.. The Staff very helpful and friendly!! :)
3	I go to a lot of Venues for Youth Basketball. Never any Parking, but this place has ample enough FREE parking. The Bldg was completely AC'd too.  The group that put together this Tourny picked a great place and a great program
4	I love this place!  I am only here for the aquatics and they are wonderful.  They have a fountain splash for the kids and a giant slide ala water park for them as well. I love the lap pool. Staff is amazing!  Hours are good as well.
