4	Escalators for your shopping cart.  Parking garage under the store.  A store so huge, you could spend hours there.  One stop shop, literally.  It's lots of fun!
3	When the economy sucks, this funplex of disposables and half-rate goods is a necessary evil. Like most other Americans, I'm a sucker big. As long as your not expecting quality, you can purchase whatever you want, cheaply ...The joint is massive, there's a bank, arcade, hair salon, Subway, covered parking garage, full size Wal Mart, full size supermarket and a UW lecture hall. Well, only of those items is false. If you dig Wal-Marts, are cheap and/or don't give a damn about the mom and pop shops that get gobbled up (well, there all closed now anyway) ... go for it.
4	The lady swears by this place for groceries, but I prefer Woodman's (much bigger selection).  I'm really not sure about prices.   I should do more comparison shopping.   If your food shopping is mainly done by list, and you rarely depart from it, and you don't need anything that's kinda hard to find, then go to Walmart for groceries.  But if you're like me and you need to see things to get ideas for stuff to cook, then Woodman's is better.  There's just so much more to choose from.  What about Copp's?  Copps strikes me as more expensive, even with their little discount card.  However, Copps is more like a traditional supermarket in that it isn't huge.Ok, whatever, back to work
2	I walked into this walmart and busted up laughing 2 minutes after I entered.  Ghetto fabulous all around.  Yea for covered parking, boo for not having the best food selection.
2	Well. It's a walmart.Bathroom is definitely worse than most Walmarts. More things are out of stock and unorganized than other Walmarts.However, there is also more on clearance than other Walmarts which is a plus. It also has covered parking - woohoo.Overall, it's a Walmart. Slightly worse than most.
3	As far as Walmarts go, I don't have a problem with this one. Generally speaking, I'll go out of my way to support smaller, locally owned, responsible, non-mega-corporation-like businesses, but every so often I find myself needing to hit Walmart. When those moments occur, this is the one I prefer.+ Covered parking for winter+ Pro tip: Park near the lawn/garden/seasonal section during nicer months - in and out quickly, faster checkouts- It's Walmart- Most of the "Great Value" stuff isn't a great overall value; it's cheaply made and is meh+ Inexpensive "cheater" reading glasses - I grabbed a pair for my girlfriend for $4.88 and they're perfect+ Inexpensive synthetic motor oil - you can get a 5-quart jug of Mobil1 or Pennzoil for less than what you'd pay for 3 quarts of it at the local auto parts store(s)- It's Walmart
3	I frequent this store often.   Always seems they are out of something.   Check outs are super slow.  Plus always park by garden center as don't feel safe always.
3	Their produce is usually pretty good, and the meat is ok.  Nothing out of the ordinary though.  No exotic ingrediants.
1	Do not buy anything from Walmart.com!!!Lied about delivery date, couldn't help when go to store to pick up and make you call yourself and sit on hold.  Ordered on cyber Monday not arriving until Christmas Day...but they are closed that day so can pick it up the day after Christmas. Tell that to a kid on Christmas without a gift!Also lie about hold time to try and push customers to the web. Still can't help when connect
