1	After years of walking past or driving past Sammy's, and seeing the big neon sign proclaiming 'famous' corned beef, I finally decided to plan to give it a try.  I am a HUGE fan of those ginormous New York Reubens, and have yet to find one that even comes CLOSE in Pittsburgh to living up to its claim.So after the theater today, we decided to try Sammy's.  From the outside, it has always looked very NY delicatessen, and I expected to find that kind of atmosphere inside.  Man, was I ever mistaken.  For a place that from the outside boasts fanatically about it's famous corned beef, the interior certainly didn't reflect that.  It's...a bar.  From the outside, the place looks huge.  From the inside, it's 3/4 bar, and a row of tall tables along the windows,  a few regular sized tables, and in this case a 'few' is an accurate count...there was one large round, and two two-tops.There was no table service, only a sandwich counter at the back.  And basically, all they do is make sandwiches.  They have no real cooking equipment. They have a bunch of metal tins, a fridge for sodas, beer and basic sides like potato salad, and rack after rack of potato chips.I asked for a Reuben...but they don't MAKE Reubens.   They don't even toast bread, let alone grill it.I am totally perplexed how a joint raving about their own corned beef via giant glowing neon signs would NOT make THE most famous of all corned beef sandwiches in the world.The guy behind the counter slapped two sandwiches together...oh...and one other piece of equipment they have...no grill, fryer, or heating unit...but they sure do have a SCALE to make sure your meat portion is exact.  The sandwich was in a little plastic basket with wax paper, and the basket didn't need to be anything else BUT 'little', because as far as I was concerned, it was a perfect match to the sandwich.  The Kosher dill quarter in the basket was more generous than the sandwich.Their beverage options are all Pepsi products, canned or fountain, or alcohol.  And, as is typical for the burgh, several TV screens, all playing some sports coverage.  How unique and original.Now, I'm not saying the corned beef was bad.  It was actually fairly good.  I will NOT go so far as to use the word 'famous' to describe it.  It was adequate.  The price wasn't bad, but quite frankly I would be more impressed paying a few dollars more and getting an actual impressive sandwich.  For all the glitz on the outside of the restaurant raving about the famous quality of the food, Sammy's really isn't much more than another Pittsburgh beer hall...with a sandwich counter.
3	Came in and as the other reviews said it's kind of dingy. I really was craving corned beef and have been wanting to try this place for a while. The waitstaff is rude. There are no signs of where to order so I asked the bartender and he shoveled me towards the back. I found the spot where they make the sandwiches and ordered the corned beef. I asked the next lady I wanted everything on it and to go. They do take credit cards to my surprise. Even Amex hahaI have to say my sandwich is quite delicious. The corned beef is quite good and the bread is soft. It came with a pickle that was huge! For around $6 bucks I really can't complain. I'll call this place a little hidden gem.
2	I didn't have a drink at the bar, but one look around told me I would love this place as a bar. It's just the kind of dusty , down to earth, sparsely filled  place I like getting my drink on at and I will surely be back to sit at the bar and slow life down for awhile and have a brew.  It should be also  be noted that I have now found a new location to procure 16oz cans!!! I stopped in on my half hour lunch break and ordered a roast beef sandwich. The roast beef was warmed which I wasn't expecting. For me I like my roast beef served with cheddar cheese...cheddar cheese isn't exotic...but for some reason Sammy's doesn't have cheddar *frown...and I requested brown mustard none of that either. So what I got was meat, lettuce and tomato with a large drink the total for my sammich  and drink $8.00.  That makes for an expensive lunch.  Way more then the $4.85 I'm use to spending on my 6in Italian BMT....I'll be updating this once I see how the bartenders get down...but for now 3 stars the sandwich was way to expensive for what it was. No cheddar no 5 stars.
5	Not sure about others' bad experiences...  On arrival found clearly marked order counter with someone very happy to assist us.  Good conversation as she prepared our sandwiches, quick and to order.  Beer on tap was easy from a just as happy and helpful bartender.  Beer was cold, sandwich was classic corned beef on rye deli made.  I won't hesitate to return if I'm back in Pittsburgh.
3	Good quality corned beef sandwich at a good price. However, I asked for my rye toasted and was greeted with "we don't toast here." How do you not toast a corned beef on rye???
5	Yinz goin dahn to Sammy's for corned beef sammich n'at? The answer to this question should always be yes. Sammy's may not be the nicest bar, but its a very Pittsburgh bar. If you know that is a compliment then this is the place for you. Tender meat on local bread is not a good enough discription. I love Sammy's, its a pick me up after a hard day. The meat, cheese, and bread sorta meld together to become a smooth buttery burst of flavor.  I suggest "the special half and half Pittsburgh style with everything on marble rye and a potatoe salad" half corned beef half pastrami  with thousand island dressing "pittsburgh style" means with Cole slaw on top comes with a pickle . The potatoe salad is nothing special but it completes the meal. The beer is cheap with an ipa on tap for 3.50 so drinking suggested. The only suggestion I have is get some Turners tea up in this place!
4	Go have the corned beef. And a good Iron City draft. They're both delicious. It's a great lunch spot in downtown (I assume this is the one I went to; my receipt says 901 Liberty but 9th is very close).
4	I was in Pittsburgh for business in June and found this place. Nice place! Kind of a "shot & a beer"joint that sells really good corned beef sandwiches from a counter in the back of the place. Corned beef was really good! What makes them famous, I don't know! They were not "that" good, but well worth the money!! Check it out, but keep you expectations from getting too high...
3	Not too impressed with the corned beef sandwich.. I figure if you have the words "Famous Corned Beef" in you name it better be damn good... This one wasn't at all.
5	My favorite spot in Pittsburgh. Great corn beef sandwich, nice atmosphere, great bartender. Over all, a better vibe than any other downtown bar /grill I visited! The bartender keeps a 2014 Almanac Book of Facts, to settle any dubious claims from any tall tale telling patron.
1	I visited this establishment after my first food option was closed for the day. I walk in and the decor was alright nice little island bar with a mini deli in the back tvs visible from all areas of the bar area. And that's where the good parts end. Me and my friend say at the bar and I asked for a menu to order food and I got this little mini paper handed to me and was told I had to walk to the back to order food. The bartender wasn't very welcoming and seemed like he didn't want to serve us. So I walk to order a "famous" corned beef sandwich and the girl working the deli was just as bad if not worse than the bartender. I felt like I was hassling her to do her job. I ordered a whole corned beef sandwich with a pop and chips. I get called back after a few minutes to be very disturbed to see the SMALLEST CORNED BEEF SANDWICH I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!! I mean this thing wouldn't fill up a toddler. And for 11 bucks it was not worth my money. I left and went to a real place to get something to eat. I will not be back here again.
4	The famous corned beef sandwich on Rye is the way to go!
4	Great prices, casual atmosphere, heavy pour on the cocktails, this place is a downtown staple.  Oh, delicious sandwiches and free popcorn.
