5	My hair is unruly. Coarse and very thick. Marita tames it for me. Not only is it "tamed" when I leave but it looks great. Smooth, shiny, and it smells wonderful. She keeps my color looking good and hides my gray. All at reasonable prices. Usually a little lower than I used to pay elsewhere. I mean, from what I remember. Because she's been doing my hair for 5+ yrs now. She's definitely a 5 Star stylist *and* colorist!
5	Won't go anywhere else!!!!!  Marita is amazing and I can't trust my hair to anyone but her!  She also has some very experienced hairdressers working in her new shop that I'm sure are excellent.  You won't be sorry that you went to Salon VIP!!!
5	Marita was busy so Phil did my hair last time. He was great. And fast! Good price on my blowout. I love VIP!
5	I was just in for the first time to Salon VIP and Filiberto was my stylist. He was friendly and advised me of what lighter color would work best and the cut I wanted. I walked out of there with the color I was looking for and the cut that I needed.  It was a fun and positive day.! I will be going back to see Filiberto again. Thanks to everyone for the great customer service.  I felt like a queen!
5	Michelle has been my go to girl for the last several years. She takes the time to listen and when you say i just dont know you try something just a little different and not drastic. The salon is so friendly if you refer people you get a break in price . But  the neat thing is you don't care because they do!
5	Had my hair done today by Deana and she did an amazing job correcting my color. I walked in with badly done brassy highlights and walked out looking amazing. I can honestly say it was the happiest I've been getting my hair colored. The owner was very nice and I was well greeted by more then one employee. I was asked multiple times if I wanted anything to drink and if I needed anything. I could have used some wine but it was only 9:30 so I said no thank you ;)  the salon is small but clean. I could not help but notice that everyone leaving had amazing looking hair as well. I'll be back soon.
5	I've been a client ever since they opened. Michelle does an amazing job on my short, curly hair. I just had it highlighted for the first time and it looks wonderful. Salon VIP's staff is friendly and professional.  I highly recommended Michelle.
5	I went here with my daughter and we both got our hair done by Erica. Everyone was so hospitable the second we walked in the door. Actually since I made an appointment right when we came in the referred to me by name which I really liked. It wasn't even my stylist and it wasn't as if he was holding a clip board. It made me feel expected and welcome. Some places are so rude to kids but everyone was really nice and patient with my daughter. I also got my eyebrows waxed here and I liked the wax not too warm and it didn't leave my face red bumpy or itchy as I've had happen at a couple of salons. I also appreciate that they did my eyebrows how I asked. I like to keep my eyebrows thick and just clean them and other places just thin them out then I have to let them grow back out. Over all the staff was friendly, the place was clean, and we both left looking amazing! I got so many compliments on my hair and it was a good ego boost :) definitely go in
5	I've been looking for a great salon and stylist for quite a while and I finally found both. Had s Great! hair cut and color yesterday. Michelle was perfect. She is a Master hair stylist. Highly recommend this salon and Michelle.
5	Alex was my go to color girl at dolce salon when the arrowhead location was still open. She moved over to Salon VIP when they closed and I couldn't be happier!  I still get my high end color and cut and I don't have to travel across the state!  I have a ton of hair and she does amazing artistic color with it!!  I'll keep coming back as long as Alex is here!
5	About a month ago I went to a nearby salon that had tons of positive reviews on Yelp... and was HORRIBLY disappointed. Come to find out they gave huge discounts to anyone who put a positive review on Yelp, but they didn't give me at all what I asked for in cut or color. I have a family reunion this weekend and couldn't go looking like the slob that I did with scraggly, uneven colored hair. I called Salon VIP YESTERDAY and they had an opening today and fit me right in. Erica was my hair dresser and she listened to what I wanted and delivered all that and more. She seemed to know exactly what I was looking for without me having to over explain it and turned my mousy colored, stringy hair into a cute, rich, 'do! I have been getting compliments non-stop all day. I should have taken more of her cards to hand out!The service was great, prices were VERY reasonable, and Erica was extremely friendly.Thank you Erica and Salon VIP!
5	I have as 3 year old with wild curly hair. .. she had an amazing experience here,  her hair washed,  cut and blowed out. She felt like Elsa when she left from Frozen.. The ambience is rich, and comfy. . The employees were polite,  friendly and knowledgeable.  We have re booked and  recommend it  to anyone.
5	Marita and now Michelle are my go to hair stylist!  They do such an amazing job on coloring my thick crazy hair.  My hair never gets damaged and the results are exactly what I want. Thank you Marita and Michelle - love your work!
5	Alex does the best job on my hair! She does exactly what I ask for and it always turns out great ! She is a pro at everything whether its coloring or cuts. Everyone at this salon is so nice too and I always walk out happy!
5	Recently had Erica (Hernandez) do a blow out for me. She did a great job. My hair looked exactly like I was hoping it would for Thanksgiving. Will see her for future trims and blow outs. Great price.
5	Been going to Marita for few yrs and first time with Michelle and love my hair color and cut!  I'm very particular on people cutting and coloring my hair and felt confident at salon VIP.
5	Best cut  ever. Erica is wonderful. And my high lights look fantastic. I will only be going to Erica from now on. Thank you so very much.
5	I got to see Filiberto (Fil)  today!  What a treat visiting Salon V.I.P.  It's classy, it's got a great energy and the staff is very friendly.  You can tell that everyone there loves what they do.  Fil always makes you feel right at home and treats you like a guest!  His years of experience and training are evident and the fabulous scalp massage is real bonus!
