2	hahahaah.....$7.77 all day. Where can you find else in the States?They served Chinese food, Italian food, American Food, etc. There's nothing special but with that price, what can you blame about?!*p.s. the bread pudding there is so good.....lol
3	One star for the hotel but three stars for the buffet...I went back for seconds of the corned beef hash and biscuits and gravy.  Nothing fancy here, just a good down-home basic breakfast.Thumbs up!
3	OK, seriously, I hate hate hate all things buffet. just the THOUGHT of a buffet makes me gag a little, but when in Vegas, what the fuck else am I going to eat?My hubby and I headed downtown and were STARVING so before dropping loads of cash gambling, we popped into Lucky 7s, where they boast a full buffet for $7.77.  Having paid $25 for Imperial Palace's buffet the day before, this was BEYOND a steal and while I expected it to be A LOT worse, it was actually better!!Smaller...yes! Simple, definitely!  But, the choices were good, home cooked, mashed potatoes (from a box ...whatev) and fried chicken and much much more - I was in awe from all the food.  I could have had seconds, but that is just disgusting.  I had exactly my $7.77 worth and our server always kept our drinks full. Score an extra star for that!It was well worth the price and better than any other buffet we had on our four day jaunt across Vegas.  I would definitely go back on our next trip.  You can't go wrong for that price if you are going to do buffet...why the hell pay more for overexposed food on display?
1	As far as breakfast buffets this one will cost you $7.77. I would just say it's ok.. It's not great, just enough to get you by kinda food. Your typical fare of scambled and hard boiled eggs, bacon, sausages, biscuits, etc. It's a small buffet area compared to the others I've been to. There are better ones for even better prices so do compare.
4	after finally checking in at 6p, though we got to and started drinking at Vegas at 6a, we had some mean munchies. because we dropped a pretty penny at the tables already and desperate to consume our body weight in food, we flipped through those Vegas mags to find a great deal.enter Lucky 7s. $7.77... are you f-ing $hitting me!!!! the roar of my buddies as i mentioned this blessed bargain was greater than the roar of our empty, yet liquid filled bellies. contemplated taking the car back out of the valet and driving or cabbing. as you would imagine, the type of person that gets excited for $7.77 buffets does not do taxis. we chipped in for the $2 valet tip and headed down.this place is in the Plaza in DT Vegas. not the most scenic of drives, and especially long when hungry. dropped the car at the valet where Mr Burns got my keys and positioned his frail body into my F150. got in, paid and sat. it was more glorious than i would've imagined! they had 2 sections, american and chinese! $7.77 for a trip to heaven? i'll take two!!! the chinese side was typical Hong Kong express food. heavily breaded orange chicken and salty chow mein. the american side had fried chicken, mac n cheese, shepherd's pie, pot roast, etc. they had a carving station where the meat looked like it had to be dipped in gravy (overnight) to get back some moisture. oh, and the salad section could've used some gravy as well. needless to say from that description, we gorged ourselves like death row inmates at midnite. i typically do 3 rounds plus desert. make it 4 for this trip. i had to. it's $7.77!!! my only complaint about the place? it's far. otherwise, its awesome! c'mon, do you really expect a place charging $7.77 to get a bad review from me? IT'S $7.77 FOR A BUFFET! i got exactly what i paid for. YUMMY!
1	BOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!just found out that they took out Lucky 7s and replaced it with some BS. it's $11.80 now. F*** THAT!
