4	I stumbled upon this place by mistake as it used to be another Greek restaurant.  No fancy setup here but the food was very delicious, very tasty and there is a wide range of dishes to choose from!  I did a take-out and they were very quick with my order.  The cashier was very knowledgeable about their menu and she was very helpful.  I had the beef souvlaki and it was nicely marinated, meat was tender and perfectly grilled!  Their pita bread was nice and soft, wonder if they make it themselves.  I will definitely be back...
5	Excellent food excellent service and it's quick the portions are amazing and unbelievable sediment deserves five stars.
3	I really wanted to love this place but it fell short! Staff was very friendly when ordering and polite.I ordered the grilled chicken salad and it took about 15 minutes to get it which is fine since they made it fresh.However, the chicken was so dry, I could barely wash it down. The dressing was decent and portion ample but I just couldn't get pass the chicken being so bad. Served with a pita on the side and nothing special.Would I go back? Hmmmm, may give one more try. It's not anywhere close to Z's Greek on Indian school, think I will just make the drive to go there. Damn!
5	Food was Great! The best Gyro sandwich I have had since Chicago, IL. Fast, hot and fresh. The staff is friendly and the short younger female that works there is sexy with a beautiful smile. Does it get any better than a sexy female and a great Gyro?
3	New business here where the less than stellar gyros place was beforehand.  Renovations were an improvement but nothing special, however the television monitor menu pictures are great.  Real disappointment with the hummus portion size because it was incredibly small for $4.25, as it was a very small side plate with a thin layer.  Something like that is more like a little "add on" to a gyro for something like $2.   Falafel was fairly good, but they're north of $1 per falafel croquette which is on the high side for fast food like this.
3	Came in for lunch and ordered the chicken gyro. It comes out to about $6 by itself, and an extra $2.50 to add on a drink and side/salad. I opted to keep my lunch cheap so the gyro with a water cup was enough... though I probably could have polished off a side dish. The chicken was quite tender, pita bread was soft and pliable, and came with an extra side of tzatziki sauce (so crucial). The small location is tucked away in a busy lot that shares with several very popular chain restaurants. I wouldn't be surprised if most people went there before checking out this little gyro dive. For me, it was the quick and healthy option. I noticed lots of people waiting for take-out orders, so keep that in mind if you work nearby.
5	Was in the area and wanted some good to eat .  I stumbled upon this place driving and good thing I ate here . Awesome gyro wrap and very friendly staff .
5	Awesome awesome food. Probably the best gyro meat I have tried in the valley, and the firefighter pita will surely satisfy spice-o-philes such as myself...mmm. Chicken gyros are just as delicious. My coworkers and I eat here at least once a week. Keep it up!
2	It was okay.  The pita was nice, soft and fluffy.  They do not have whole wheat pita, so thats a bummer.  The falafel were okay, but a little drier than I hoped.  And the falafel sandwich didn't have any pickles, so it was missing that extra zing that usually makes a falafel pita so amazing.  They gave me the tahini on the side so my sandwich didn't get soggy, and I ordered a side of hummus, so I added that to the sandwich too.  Their hummus was okay, but it was a bit more bland than I'm used to. Could definitely use another garlic clove and a little more lemon in the recipe.
5	Old School.  Family owned. Best Greek food anywhere.  No Kidding. Not fancy..in fact...homey. But Fantastic food.
1	Seems Unethical that they copied another Gyros Express nearby.  I wouldn't go near people who would do that.
4	Amazingly good and very authentic Greek cuisine! It is clearly a fast food place, but the quality of the meal was great (as was the size of the serving for the price. A fast food decor, but a great place to grab a quality meal on the run!
5	Friendly service. The gyros is great. I recommend you order the hummus and baba ganush as an appetizer. Yum! My kids love their dinosaur kids meal :)
5	Not only is the food amazing, but the service is incredible.   I ordered a salad, and forgot to order it without cheese (not my favorite).  without me asking, they made me a new salad at no extra cost.   Very friendly.   Love this place!
5	This place is awesome! The pita I had (the firefighter) was delicious, huge, and at a great price! The inside of the restaurant is newly renovated and inviting.  The service is excellent also! Check this place out!
