3	News flash - this restaurant was previously down the road and moved to this location a few years ago, so it's now in the Waterworks plaza area.  I didn't realize this and went to the old location on 1141 Freeport Rd - and saw a Mexican restaurant.  Not being familiar with the area, I'll admit I was slightly panicked as I had a baby shower to get to at this venue.  Luckily, I was able to call a friend and he told me that they moved and it was down the road close to Chili's.  It was a great venue to have an intimate gathering such as a baby shower.  It was co-ed baby shower so it was very relaxed and they were serving alcohol - awesome.  I decided not to partake in the alcohol consumption but enjoyed the spread of food they had.  The quesadillas were tasty and so was the hummus.  The spinach-artichoke dip seemed popular but I didn't try it.  The place is real classy and seemed to be popular for dinner on a Sunday evening.  Although we were in a private room - I took a peek at the restaurant side and saw that it was bumpin.  Overall the space/decor was great and the food was decent.  Although, I'm not sure that I'd make the trip all the way out here just to go to this place.
3	I've  been to Walnut Grove several times for every meal (not so much since Burgatory opened across the parking lot, but that's another story).  Each time I've gone, I've had a pretty decent experience, but nothing too amazing.  The food is ok, but depending on who you have waiting on you, the service can be a little spotty (which I suppose is true for any restaurant).The decor of the restaurant is tastefully done, but to be honest, I preferred the old location further down.  It felt more comfortable and intimate.  The one nice thing this location has to offer is very nice outdoor seating.  There's nothing better than having a couple of beers and making a meal of $5 appetizers on a beautiful evening.  It's just a shame there's nothing really to look at except the parking lot.I'd say that if you're looking to go, go during happy hour for the drink and appetizer specials or for the Sunday brunch buffet.  It's not worth it so go for the regular menu because I don't think the prices are in line with the quality of the food.
4	Yummy. I really liked this particular location of Walnut Grill. I visited for the first time a few weeks ago and really enjoyed myself. I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised.My boyfriend and I dropped by prior to a networking charity event that we were attending. Neither one of us was particularly hungry so we just ordered apps. I ordered the Sweet Chili Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which was a rather large dish for an app. It could easily be split between two people. It was so super deliciously yummy. Or yummily delicious, whichever you prefer. :D There was an ample amount of chicken lightly covered in a really great sweet chili sauce along with walnuts, onions, and other things that I forget. You had to put the wrap together yourself, which sort of annoyed me, but they were so good!Another plus: they randomly had Pumpking! Thank God we got it there that visit because by that weekend it was all gone.I would chose this location over the others that I have visited because the food was really steps above. Service at all locations has been tremendously pleasant, very good.
3	I've spent many an afternoon/evening at the Walnut Grove in Waterworks - mostly for happy hour, but sometimes for dinner as well.The happy hour is pretty decent.  Although the prices have gone up since I last visited.  About a year ago, the ahi tuna was included on the half priced apps for happy hour menu.  For $5 you could get a nice sized piece of tuna - but it seems they caught on to the fact that they probably weren't making much money.  The service is usually OK - nothing special, but not awful either.  The one issue I have is that I just don't love their menu.  Some overpriced salads, a couple of pizzas - 2 are pretty much identical except for the addition of fries (it is Pittsburgh people, fries come on everything!).  A small sandwich selection and some seemingly overpriced entrees.  I'll give them 3 stars for happy hour, but maybe 2 for the menu and pricing.  But it's a convenient location and an alternative to heading downtown or to Lawrenceville when I'm in town and staying at Bakery Square.
4	Strawberrry Balsamico Salad is very good. Want something healthy and tasty...This is a great choice as well as the Carmelized Walnut Salad...Nice menu, great lemonade and a variety of healthy and tasty choice. Yes yes yes the burgers are good too
5	I hosted my wife's 40th... I mean, 29th, birthday party here and the service and food was fantastic.  It was also a surprise party, on a Saturday evening, so the restaurant was packed.  The manager and staff did a phenomenal job hiding my party of ~50 people in the back room, and helping "pull the wool" over my wife's eyes upon arrival.  We had a buffet of apps and smaller plates that were kept plentifully stocked by the attentive waiter/waitress.  And the drinks were delivered even more quickly.  Went so smoothly...  it was as if we had the entire restaurant to ourselves.
1	I went there with a friend in January, had a decent dinner and a generally good time.  I paid with credit card and put the tip (which btw was already over 20%) on the card. So far so good. However, when my card statement came, I noticed that they conveniently rounded UP my authorized amount with a couple of dollars to a straight 80 bucks. Hmm, mistakes can happen, but I have to say that I dont like this at all... (and it never happens the other way round, does it?) So I called... some girl tells me that the manager is not in & asked me to call back. I called back, manager took all kinds of information from me and said that he can better access the system to look up transactions after 3pm, so he'd call me back. Sadly, I never heard back. No money back either. Btw: never any apology.Today, I finally called again. This whole thing just p*ssed me off. Obviously its not about the few dollars, but about the fact that this is very poor practice - the mis-charging as well as the failure to getting back to me.   I get another manager on the phone. Again, no apology, but in stead VERY obvious annoyance. He "kindly" offered to get me my few bucks back if I give him my card info... REALLY? That's the best you can do after all this BS? Get me 2$ back you shouldnt have charged me for in the first place??When I literally asked if this is the best he could do, he said he'd have to see, he'd take my name and get back to me (yeah, right). Whats there to see? I thought he was the manager...?I wont be back. I refuse to patronize a place with these kinds of business practices.
1	Remember how the manager the second time said he'd give me a call back about "whether there is anything he could do for me" after the whole stir? (insert sarcastic exclamation here): I never heard back! Well, at least they are consistent...
4	Ended up here because we were not waiting 45 minutes for a table at Burgatory.  Glad we decided to give it a try.  The food was pretty good and our waitress was great.  She even bought us dessert!  Would definitely go back.
3	Great happy hour deals for drinks and appetizers, but overpriced entrees that keep us from having a full meal here. Outdoor patio is right in the Waterworks Mall, but on a nice day feels like you're not in a parking lot. Could use some attention to detail, like sweeping before the happy hour rush, but generally a good atmosphere for what I describe as an upscale (for Pittsburgh) chain-restaurant-like setting.
5	There were 12 of us there last night for my birthday.  The food was good, the drinks yummy and the service fantastic.  Dom, our server was attentive and on point.  Walnut Grove also offers a fabulous Happy Hour, the prices are unrivaled in the Fox Chapel area!!
4	Tried this out for a lunch on Saturday. Wasn't too busy which was nice. I ordered the lettuce wrap appetizer and my friend ordered the walnut chicken salad sandwich. Both were very good!  Lettuce wraps were build your own which is nice. I would def recommend this to others and will come back if I'm in the area again.
2	My boyfriend and I have decided to finally take this restaurant off our list since our last 2 visits have been less than positive. Most recently, we made reservations for New Year's Eve for 3 people for 7PM. We arrived about 10 minutes early and still had to wait till about 7:15 before we were seated. During our wait, we sat at an open table near the bar where we proceeded to order a couple drinks. However, the beers listed on the chalkboard menu on the wall weren't up to date. So the server had to keep running back and forth to the bar to verify the available drafts. We finally got to our table and ordered. Although our food showed up in a timely manner, the "fresh" veggies were mush and the food was accompanied by gnats. They were flying all over the place, landing on the table, on the wall, my boyfriend spent half the time swatting them away...but it was tough to gain the attention of our server as she was immersed in what must have been a very interesting conversation with a customer nearby. The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars is because the manager reduced our bill. They couldn't move us due to the fact that all the tables had scheduled reservations. Finally, when we had our food boxed up since we didn't want to eat with the gnats, they boxed up and gave us some of the wrong food....it was just comical at that point.Our visit prior to New Year's Eve happened on a late afternoon on a weekend. We seated ourselves at a booth near the bar. It took almost 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us! Even though there were servers in the area and walking past us multiple times, there was not acknowledgment. When our server finally appeared, she reeked of cigarette smoke...to the point that it was just offensive! We ordered our food and I had the Ahi Tuna, which I wouldn't recommend ordering again because it didn't seem fresh at all. It tasted frozen actually.
4	Always a favorite place food is good staff is great and you can always have Fun. Although they reprinted the menu (it looks like a photo album for a cocktail table) there really aren't that many changes although much to the chagrin of Elyssa they dropped the Tuna Melt. They should add buffalo burgers back on the menu to pick up the overflow from nearby Burgatory, not too many people are willing to wait 2 hours for a burger. It amazes me how they offer $3 draft specials during happy hour you can tell the beer here is alway fresh unlike beer nutz  which seems to never clean their taps. To add bar revenue they should offer the full mixologist specials year round and create a menu just for them. I consider this my local place to frequent at least 2-3 times per week!
5	I really enjoyed my dinner. The service was great and so was the food. They had chocolate cherry butter and it was delicious. My salad was different but very tasty. It had poached pears in it i would certainly order that again. I had lamb chops and they were devine!  Loved the $4 Long Island iced tea special too.
2	I went to walnut grille for lunch this past Sunday. I know they were busy due to the brunch crowd, but it should not take the server 20 minutes to take your food order. I ordered the lemon caper fish and it was a disgusting pile of mush drowned in butter. I have never seen fresh fish get that mushy before so it had to have been breaded frozen fish. I got a sweet potato as well that was completely black from being burnt and my snow peas were in a pool of butter. For 17.00 I expected a lot more. Our server did not even acknowledge my remark that my meal was gross. I will never patronize this establishment again.
4	Here's the thing that peeves me a little about this restaurant chain.  Why can't they open a restaurant closer to me?  I know that I only have to cross one river to get to the nearest Walnut Grill, but can't they open one up the street from me? :-)!Me, my family and friends have been to this restaurant many, many times and I can't believe that I have never written a review since it's one of my favorite go-to places.  I think that I have had every single appetizer on the menu, with the exception of the stuffed banana peppers or Seared Tuna Tacos(I just don't like stuffed banana peppers or seared tuna) .  My favorite appetizers are the Pork Dumplings, Fried Pickles and Cheese and Fruit Plate.  You can't go wrong with any of these choices and if you go during their "Happier Hour", the prices are reduced to $5 or half.  What's not to like about that? My favorite go-to dish is the Wild Mushroom Chicken.  Is it a cutting edge dish?  No, but I still love it and I usually add one of their delicious scrumptious crabcakes to go with it. (I hate crabcakes with a lot of fillers and vegegies.  Theirs has neither and "I die" for both dishes.  Also not to be missed, if they have any kind of meat shank in season, just order it , eat it, pay for it and go home to recover from a meat coma.  They're just that good.My daughter usually orders the Buffalo Chicken Wrap or Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich.  Both are delcious and very filling with your choice of a side dish.For the desserts, you can't go wrong with the Brownie Works or Walnut Turtle Meltaway.  The devil is a liar if you don't think either of these desserts are yummy!
3	Decided to take my wife (and children) to Walnut Grill (WG) for Mother's Day dinner aanndd as usual, I was not let down. We have eaten at this WG on numerous occasions and have always had good service and a good meal. Now whilst there were one (or THREE) speed bumps, our overall experience was pleasurable. Being the gentleman that I am, let me start with my children. They ordered burgers off of the kiddos menu (that were priced at $5.95)and we'll they got what we paid for. While they were okay the patties were about the size of a flattened out golf ball. They were dwarfed by the size of the bun AND outside of that their meals were fine. My twin T-Rex's devoured them like nobody's business. Now this is were the fun begins. My wife ordered some $19.00 chicken dish (forgive me ladies for not remembering the name) with a baked sweet potato. Well when it arrived the chicken was okay, HOWEVER the baked sweet potato was very cold. So our server (Jason J.) who I want to add was a freakin phenom took it back and brought my wife one that was as hot as Chernobyl in August. Weelll by the time that came back to the table the chicken was so cold it needed a coat. Our waitstaff scooped it up (like the pirates in the World Series trying to hit the cut off man) took it in the back and had the kitchen do their magic. When it returned it appeared to be on life support waiting to have the plug pulled. When my (patient AND good spirited) wife tasted it, it left much to be desired. Again Jason rode in and without a single excuse took the moment from ZERO to HERO!! And did not stop until my wife was sated. And I appreciated that because she was the reason we were there. Did I say Jason J. was a phenom already? Now as for me (the also ran) my meal was great. I had the $18.00 wild mushroom chicken w/the baked sweet potato, a side of cream spinach and water and quite frankly I could not have been happier. By the way did I say that our waiter was a phenom? Everything was hot, moist, succulent, etcetera. I enjoyed it, AND the company of the wife that tolerates me, and the kidZ that love me. To some this up (before it turns into war & peace) we had a great time in a clean establishment with great waitstaff. Oh and lest I forget my kidZ loved the tv in the louvre over the urinals. I had to almost pry them out. In summation I vote with my money and my feet and WG rest assured they will BOTH be back in the near future.
2	Was there recently for a bridal shower and was not impressed by the service. Granted I know serving a large party can be difficult, plus one of the servers said she was very new (maybe don't put a new server in a large party?). We kept trying to order drinks, cocktails, coffee, water - it didn't matter - you had to ask at least twice if you really wanted it and even then it would take over 20 minutes to get things. We had a pre-selected menu to choose from and everything from it was fine - the walnut salad was the best thing on the menu, really good. The buffalo chicken wrap was okay. But it all would have been lovely if the service would have been better/faster, especially since it was just a lot of drinks and there were only a few choices for food!
4	This is a step up from a big chain place and it is fresh and good.  I had the smoked salmon salad and it is always good.  Good drink specials as well.  I haven't had a bad meal yet and always wonder if I will because the place is pretty big.  Usually big places don't pull it off very well, but this place is well run.  Give it a try.
5	I have been coming to walnut grill for years and I am never disappointed! My husband even proposed to me at the Mt. Lebanon restaurant with a custom made dessert. I love tasting the different hummus and butter varieties with the fresh bread at the start of the meal. Some of my favorites on the menu are the sweet chili chicken boneless wings, the beet salad, the Parmesan crusted chicken, and the barbecue chicken flatbread! I recommend this restaurant to families and couples and friends dining out!
4	Walnut Grill is one of my favorite spots for an afterwork drink or a quick, fresh meal. Their menu is American fare with a twist, their wine list is excellent, and the atmosphere is always fun. They recently expanded the bar area to have more seating and comfy booths. The servers remember you if you're a frequent flyer and are always efficient. They have great live music some nights, too! I'll pretty much always be a regular here!
