3	Really like the concept of small 5$ portion, especially as a small eater myself!I'd say stick with the salad, and fresh produce inspired options. We tried these 4 items : Gravlax salad, Ceasar salar, Fish Taco, Shrimp and Beef burger.The salads were great, full of flavour and ingredients. The taco was good, and the burger disapointing, a frozen McDonalds like dry patty with 2 shrimps. I don't mind the burger being a bit smaller perhaps and getting a nice fresh -notfrozen patty of meat. Oh well, would come back for a salad! (Or perhaps desert?)
4	I really enjoyed myself at cinko- the atmosphere was delightfully charged for a Thursday evening, the music was great, the decor was unique and exciting (there's hand-painted zig-zags on everything, including the toilet bowls) and the food was really good, especially for the price.If you're not familiar with the concept- it's pretty simple: all food plates at 5 big ones. I would contend that the portions are actually quite generous for the price, and the items we ordered (the green bean tempura poutine and the gravlax salad) did not fall short on taste. The alcohol menu is not priced the same way, but I can attest to that everything is still pretty cheap.I would recommend this place as a start-off to a night out, especially between the outdoor seating and the large group booths.
4	I visited this restaurant about 3 times, and the last time I went I was not as satisfied. I had the Caesar Salad and it was not fresh and had way too much dressing.  However, I've tried other stuff like the burger and the chorizo poutine,  and for the price they charge, it's pretty decent. My friend and I then shared desert and it was fairly good. You can easily leave the restaurant with a full stomach and only pay 20$ tip and tax included as everything on the menu is only 5$!
4	This place was a great little find on Rue St Denis.....we were looking for a light dinner and the concept of $5 items was intriguing so we got a table on the terasse. My girlfriend and I wanted to try a few of the dishes so we shared the Gazpacho to start, then split an order of Fish Tacos followed by the Poutine Haricot Vert which is a nice spin on poutine using tempura green beans in place of french fries. We finished off the meal by sharing the bread pudding. It was all washed down with a pitcher of sangria which costs more than the whole meal but was worth it. It made for one of the tastiest and interesting meals of our weekend.
5	Try to find a cheap but good place to eat on the Plateau, and good luck!  Well, here is one, all dishes including desserts are only $5.00!!  Mind you, the emphasis seems to be heavy on the junk...poutine & more poutine, the godfather hot dog, (mac & cheese on top of a giant hot dog) and different burgers. Take heart ,and if you are worried about your heart, fear not, there are veggie and some lighter fare options. I had the veggies wrap, which was very good, lots of FRESH crisp veggies wrapped inside a green tortilla, with a chocolate mousse with raspberry coulis for dessert... yummy indeed! My friend had the curried chicken dish ,followed by the same dessert as I had, and she proclaimed that it was better than what she'd had at Juliette & Chocolate,and for a far better price, oh my! Great little place with a retro-oddball decor(old desk lamps with extension necks, all cobbled together as chandeliers, old 78's as place mats,graffiti walls) but it all works. Service prompt, courteous and informative.
4	Been here each of the two times I visited Montreal, and for the price you really can't go wrong with Cinko. Portions are somewhat small, so if you are a bigger eater I would go with a burger or hot dog (or get two dishes). The menu is limited, but I suppose that is why they are able to keep prices so low. Service was prompt and friendly. I enjoyed everything I had here and would come back again.
4	This restaurant holds a bar license so you need to show your 18+ ID to eat there, even if you don't order alcohol. All the menu items are 5$, a great bargain. The portions are surprisingly big for the price, and one entree + one main should fill up a medium appetite, unlike tapas places in which you are expected to have multiple small dishes to yourself. They have a seasonally changing menu. The items I've sampled are the watermelon salad (fresh and light, could use more watermelon), the sweet potato fries (standard), the Portuguese chicken (good), and their poutine.The dishes are simple, but the value at this price-point is nearly unbeatable. There is indoor seating and a nice table for a larger group of people, and in the summer there is seating on the side of the restaurant, close to the library.5$ includes even the tax!
