5	I was a victim of a rear ending accident and this is the business that the Insurance Company Suggested. The folks at Airpark Collision exceeded my expectations. They would give me daily updates on my car via phone call. Also, they would email me photos of the progress of the car. Upon picking up my car they gave me a complimentary vacuum and car wash. I'm glad to boast about the fantastic job the guys did.
5	I recently purchased a new Elantra and was looking for a way to make it look more sporty. i took it to Airpark Collision and had the taillights smoked out and also had a spoiler mounted onto the trunk. My car looks a lot more sporty now and will definitely use them in the future!
5	Super professional shop with great people and fantastic work! I refer them to all my customer in Scottsdale!  Family owned! Enough said!
5	I just took my BMW in to Airpark Collision Center. I give the shop five stars on customer service alone. Gerald, the owner, is such a fantastic person to deal with and is very respectful and helpful. He went above and beyond and I can't think him and the company enough. Gerald took me around the shop and showed me examples of their work and I am so impressed and 100% confident my car will look great when it is finished. I will update this review when I get it back to write about the work. Thanks so much Gerald!
5	Great Work, Great People & Great Service. That was my recent experience with Airpark Collision Center.  The folks there are very friendly and would even call me with progress updates on my vehicle's repair.I gave them a date that I needed my vehicle back and they completed it 2 days ahead of schedule.I am very happy with the repair work on my vehicle and would not hesitate to do business with them again.
5	Fortunately I had not been in a wreck, but I had some decals that I wanted removed and replaced. Jeff gave me a reasonable quote and the price didn't change even though the employees went above and beyond to make me happy. I got there early for my appointment but they took my car in right away. It didn't take long. Nice waiting room with a bathroom (didn't use) and friendly staff and offers of water.
5	My insurance company listed Airpark Collision Center as a repair option and I'm so glad I called. Great work, great service and great people - I couldn't be happier with the entire process. If I need any body work in the future there's no doubt who I'll call.
5	The guys here at Airpark were amazing!!! The front bumper on my 2011 Dodge Dakota got a little dinged up (which was fine because it looked like it was in a wreck before I bought the truck and wasn't fixed properly and looked horrible) but Eric took care of me, got the truck in promptly, arranged my rental car and in  few days it was done!! I didn't have to worry about nothing!! And when I picked up my truck, it looked like BRAND NEW!!! Way better than when I bought it!!! I love looking at the front end now and i'm really picky with my cars!!! The whole experience was quick and easy!!! I'm soooooo glad I didn't take it to one of those OTHER guys!!! You can't beat Scottsdale QUALITY!!! I will tell everyone about Airpark Collision Center!!
5	My experience with Airpark Collision Center was excellent. Immediately after receiving my estimate from the insurance company, I decided to drive right up to this place (close to my work) to get some help! I said a couple sentences and Jeff had the confidence to make it sound so easy. He ordered the parts I needed and received them within a few days. I was able to drop my Jeep off the very next morning after he received the parts. They took care of everything. By the end of the day, I was able to drive away, super happy. The team even had the Jeep washed and vacuumed. Although, I hope to not end up in another fender bender, if I ever do get in another accident, I'm going back to Airpark Collision Center. The experience was stress-free, and when your vehicle is damaged, that's all you can ask for. I can't thank this team enough for making it so easy! (I don't use Yelp, but I made my partner post it because I was so pleased with them!)
