5	My favorite is your Gorgonzola bread & my husband loves the monterrey pepper jack with spicy tomato oil. I used DukesBread parsley oil to marinate chicken breasts and cooked them on the grill...they were fantastic!  I've also used it as a sauce over salmon.  You have consistently great products - many thanks! We will see you every Sat!
5	Rosemary seasalt wheat = good. Only has the ingredients you would want to be it in.
5	There is nothing better than fresh baked bread and Dukes has the best!  The bread is fresh with natural ingredients, but also has creative flavors to choose from.  Favorites of mine are the rosemary seasalt and the monterrey pepperjack.  They have a layer of herbs and spices inside the loaf so each slice is delish!  Also a big perk is all the bread flavors are available in wheat in addition to the sour dough.  Be sure to try some of their yummy oils like parsley oil and spicy tomato oil also--both are amazing!  I brought a loaf of the rosemary and seasalt with the parsley oil to a group dinner and it was a huge hit!  Enjoy!
5	I get some of this delicious bread every Friday at the Farmer's Market....I LOVE it. All of the flavors are heavenly!
5	If you want fresh and local, Duke's Bread is where it's at!  Everything I've tried here (sour dough rustic, cracked pepper round, rosemary round, Monterey pepper jack round and cranberry cinnamon loaf) has been exemplary. The Monterey pepper jack round is a must and the cranberry cinnamon loaf makes a mean french toast. So excited for the new store front!  Keep doing your thing, guys!
5	I love this bread!!  I can honestly say that my freezer is stocked with it!  My favorites are the Cracked Pepper and Jack Round and the Rosemary Sea Salt Round.  I thaw them for a little bit if they are frozen and just pop them in the oven for a few minutes, so they get nice and warm and crusty!  Yum!!! Also, this is fresh bread for only $5!  That's great!  Natural...no weird preservatives!  I just need to try the wheat versions.Sometimes I get my fix there and sometimes over at Pour Olive in Dilworth.   So, it's great that there are other locations in Charlotte, to make it more convenient!Welcome to the neighborhood you guys!  I'm hoping you remain successful and stick around!
