5	This is the most honest and reliable auto shop around, as far as I know. I realize that is a bold statement, but at other places I have been taken advantage of and overcharged so many times. Probably because I am car ignorant, and it doesn't help that maybe some unscrupulous auto shops see women as easy money targets for unnecessary repairs.Today for example, I brought my car in because of a massive oil leak and they told me it would be $25 dollars to fix it as included in a new oil change and it was a mistake from Firestone, where I have been paying $50 to get my oil changed and having problems like an old gasket ignored. They also told me I could probably take it back to Firestone and get it fixed for free because it should have been included in my oil change there. I told Noe Auto to just do it because I don't trust Firestone anymore.Previously, my fiance has also taken his car there, and where another shop quoted $1200 for a repair and the need for parts to be replaced, Noe Auto found out that a small fix that cost $100 or less would repair it and it wasn't even the problem the other shop thought it was. His car is running fine now and has been since Noe Auto worked on it. They don't hold your car hostage and I haven't been charged for them to look at it. Simply love the service here and I wish more people knew about this place!
5	Been going to Noe Import Auto for 10-15+ years.  Honest service fair prices.  Always fix the problem right the first time and I also see some cars coming from other "repair" shops to have them work on their cars too.  The mechanics really know what they are doing.  Everyone I have sent to them has never had anything but great service.
5	Steve Noe is an honest guy who runs a clean shop.  They helped me out in a pinch and I didn't feel as though I (i) was being sold stuff I didn't need, or (ii) paid an arm and leg.  I will most definitely go back and highly recommend.
5	These are great, down to earth guys. They tell you how it is, and don't try to push anything on you. All of their work is quality. My whole family comes here, and has been for years now. You could probably find cheaper places, but you're risking it at those places. Here, it's at fair prices and you can be assured that you are being taken cared of.
5	Great service. Very knowledgable. Only place we take our Mercedes. Friendly too. Will explain the work in detail.
5	I have been taking my vehicles here for 12 years, and I can't say enough good things about them.  I always trust what they tell me, and they are fast, efficient, and never pressure me into doing anything that doesn't need to be done.  I went as far as  dropping off my van, telling them to look it over, and do ANYTHING they felt needed to be done.  I can't imagine doing that anyplace else.  I knew I needed 2 things, and they found a third (small problem,) and that was it.   You can't go wrong here!
5	I have a 6 cylinder 3.4L '99 Toyota 4Runner that's been having misfire problems for over a year. I've taken it to multiple places and worked on it myself and no luck. Steve figured out the problem within half an hour. Steve was prompt, thorough and helpful. He came in under quote and used either OEM or equal quality parts. He also helped me locate a replacement audio deck, as mine's been malfunctioning. I can't give a higher recommendation if you have a European or Japanese auto.
5	I would highly recommend Steve Noe at Noe Imports.  We had our Audi towed to the dealership where they quoted us almost $8,000 for a new transmission that they claimed we needed.  We called Steve for a second opinion and he immediately recognized that the problem we were having was inconsistent with transmission problems.  We decided to tow the car from the dealer to Noe imports because we did not believe that they were correctly diagnosing the problem.  Sure enough, the problem was a $250 fix, not a new transmission.  I am so grateful for his expertise.
