5	wow what a neat idea a spa for girls ages 4-14! this place is a great place to teach little girls how to be little girls! great for birthdays or just a special treat! you have to check this place out its a little girls dream!
5	Love Love Love this place...... in a city that doesn't have much for kids to do, this is a Amazing Idea! The Decor is so adorable, the staff is Wonderful! They have a great selection of packages and al a cart items to fit anyones budget Big or small! I took my daughter and her friends here after her slumber party birthday and they had the time of their life! They get to feel like a little princess for sure! I'd recomend this idea for any little girls birthday party or just a special day out!!!! Perfect Idea!!! :)
3	Celebrated my daughters 9th birthday here with 10 of her girlfriends. It's an adorable place, but the quality of services are questionable. Also disappointing was the amount of downtime and sitting around waiting for the next service. Which at 9 equals boredom. A few games would've been great or some self service smelly lotions n glitter powders or anything to do while they waited would've been wonderful! There were only 3 party hosts for 11 girls which seemed too few, there needed to be one floater to help when there were three girls waiting for manis, for example. The polish on both fingers n toes were pretty messy and hit n miss, my daughter said she paints better. The facials were a big hit though, the cucumbers over the eyes were really cute!  I think all in all, the girls had fun, but for $40 a person, there are many other bday options!
4	Got a Living Social deal for each of my 3 lovely little ladies (see business photos I added) for Christmas and boy did they LOVE it! When I got there, I was a bit annoyed because there was only one girl working and we did not get helped until 20 minutes after our appointment time :/ I agree with a previous reviewer that there is too much downtime between girls/between services and boredom becomes an issue because there isn't much to do while they wait. It would have been better if there was someone else working because the girl had to keep stopping to answer the phone! Also, the polish job was sloppy and didn't last long-at all. I had to give 4 stars, though because the decor was so stinking cute, the bathroom was spotless (yes, that is important to me), and the girls had such a blast. After all, it was really for THEM anyways, Mom was just along for the ride this time. I would go back, but only if there was at least 2 people working that day.
5	I took my special needs sister here for her birthday and they were great. This is such a cute little place for girls! You can have parties here, but you should know that if you have a lot of girls, it may take a while. The place is small, but very nice. I would advise to get your girl a one on one appointment so that she can all the attention on her. They do nails, feet, facials, glittery tattoos and fashion shows. It can be pricey, but hey, it's a luxury to be pampered! My sister loved it, and it turned out to be a great gift for her. We will certainly be taking her back :)
5	I took my daughter here for her birthday. She had a very good time getting pampered with a manicure, pedicure and facial.  She was treated with special care! I took lots of pictures while she was getting her treatment.  I highly recommend this place if you want to treat your child to something totally unique! You can chose from a one on one treatment OR a birthday package type deal so your child's friends can experience what it's like to get pampered!
1	Took my daughter here to have a manicure, facial, and make-up done...they were preparing for a birthday party so the person attending to her was distracted. Also, the person who seemed to be the manager had her young daughter there who was bouncing around. It was very unprofessional as the two employees didn't speak to her , but held their own conversations about mixing pink lemonade and pizza. Also the quality of the services was low...they use St. Ives cucumber mask (I CAN BUY IT AT WALMART AND I DO NOT). The least they could've done was put it in a different container with the ingredients still listed. Also, the make-up pencils they used to do a face art was the (I believe it was NYC) 99 cents once again can be brought at Walmart. At 12.99 a service, they could've used better quality products (natural or even organic) and could've made her experience so much more engaging and special. After all, it was her day, but she was just the preliminary to their birthday event contract that afternoon.
