4	You get a bang for your buck! Nothing fancy, very basic, not a great variety of nail polish, quality isn't bad & it's cheap :)The secret has gotten out though & this place is very nearly always packed. Still, the wait is never too long since they have LOTS of employees.
5	Okay I am a regular at Win (kelly) does my pedi and mani's love her, the price is right always, I am used to paying at least 40.00 for just a deluxe Pedi, and thats with NO design on my toes, the most I have spent is 31.00, and thats the WORKS, with a pretty design, I normally get there when they open so I don't have to wait, but even if you don't have appointment they move very quickly. My family members also go here for their nails, I don't do the nails often, I have done the gel nail manicure and its nice just not enough colors to chose from. So please check them out, and enjoy their services.
5	I drive here from downtown Phoenix. Best prices for the high quality of work. Worth the drive.
1	This is a terrible place to go to. They convince you to do your nails a certain way if you don't want white tip. If they do not know what you want as your design they will do it there way and say it will come out right. When I left I was trying to convince myself I was ok with the nails as I was there already an hour and didn't want to sit in their salon any longer. Well I called back a few hours later to try and get my nails fix and the guy who did them was very rude and not willing to help me. His response was sorry no refunds, I didn't want a refund just wanted my nails fixed. I went in the next day to talk with the manager about getting them fixed having them blended/faded correctly and the guy who did them walked up and kept saying it was what I wanted when I really didn't I kept telling him I wanted them blended. My nails are not blended looks like just two colors were thrown on my nails they are UGLY. He asked what did I want him to do and I said blend them like I asked you he said ok come back next week and ill do it as a fill. I am sorry but why would I go back to this location for a fill and pay more for them to fix something I did not want. Also this location is very dirty nothing is cleaned. I would give zero stars if Yelp let me.
1	Went here to have my nails done.  First of all, I can't tell if they even grasp what I want because they can't speak very good English, and mostly respond with "yeah, yeah,yeah".  Next I come here and I'm the only customer.  I get the one named hy who obviously has poor artistic skills.  I wouldn't have this guy pain the side of my house!  I ended up with a nail polish job that looked like a 4 yr old did it when they were drunk.  I complained to the guy while he was doing it, and his solution was to add more coats of polish!  My nails ended up looking like I dipped my fingers in pink hot wax.  I told three employees i hated it but got nowhere.  Finally I paid and hy had the gall to ask if I wanted to add a tip.  I walked out, but just couldn't accept the shoddy work and went back in.  Henry got attitude and abruptly told me to sit down and wait my turn (now 8 people waiting) to have them fixed.  Totally disappointed, spent almost 3 hours on that should have only taken an hour at the most! I'm irritated with oriental attitude!
