2	So when I saw the commercial for the prism TV I was immediately excited on the possibility of more features, faster internet, and a cheaper price tag than what we were currently paying with cox. I went online found the perfect package for me that boosted a price of 151.95 for everything (phone, internet, prism premium TV). I scheduled a  switch over date, got the equipment and was really happy with the services......Then the bill came for 295!!!!  I immediately called customer service (who is conveniently closed on the weekends so I had to wait it out) To inquire why my bill was so much even though I only had the service for 2 weeks at the end of their billing cycle. Also strange was that no where on the bill (which is a jumble of confusing fees and add on terms to say the least) was the name of the package I chose (power bundle) When I inquired about this the rep proceeded to tell me that he has never heard of that package and has no idea where i was seeing that since he himself could not find it on the internet. This is all while I am sitting in front of the computer staring at the package. He then contacts a supervisor who also says they have NEVER heard of a power bundle and cannot resolve the issue since as far as they are concerned the package does not exist!After several holds, searching their internet and 90 minutes (yep that's right 9-0) They found the deal on the internet but still insisted it was not an option on their customer service end to even put on the account. By now my head is on fire and I am read for them to come get their boxes and put them where the sun don't shine. It was finally discovered that the pricing was right (just entered in differently since the power bundle seems to be a mythical term) and that the huge cost was due to paying the month in advance. I asked them if they were going to look into why no one on there end seems to have heard of a package that is advertised on their website and with their customer service agents. After additional holds for at least 10 minutes and supposed conversations with supervisors, I was told that for my inconvenience, patience and being a customer I would be given a 5 dollar credit!!! The ultimate slap in the face for what I can truly say was the most horrible customer service experience in my life!I told him to keep his five dollars as it was the ultimate insult and that I was hanging up now lest I have them cancel the service and come get their equipment. Customer service was HORRIBLE and the don't know their products, their markets, or their heads from a hole in the wall. Very unfortunate that for a service I once was very excited for and happy with has now left such a bitter taste in my mouth. Despite the fact I have not had any problems with the services, I would not recommend them to anyone based on their non existent customer service skills. BEWARE!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. The system crashes often, the dvr rarely records what it is scheduled to record, and customer service is a joke. I tried calling them. I was on hold for over 40 minutes and still didn't get to talk to anyone. I tried their Internet chat support. They told me to call and talk to a representative (who never answers). I cannot wait for the contract to run out!!!
1	I heard about the Prism service too and had difficulty with COX internet so decided to give CenturyLink a try.All I can say is that I never got my system installed because their promotional package price was a moving target. I got lured into an all- in-one price of just under $100. My many calls to get a written confirmation met with various reps giving me prices as high as $180. I even went into their local store to find out what my service was going to cost and still could not come up with a written confirmation. At the store the sales rep hand wrote what my monthly cost was going to be from  a computer screen!! When I asked her why she could not give me a printout of what my service was going to cost, the reply was that this is company confidential information and we cannot give you a printout!!I could never get any written confirmation or email giving me the assurance that they would not send me some crazy high bill and try to ruin my credit if i did not pay it.Needless to say they never confirmed the prices and gave me all sorts of stories including "it is our corporate policy to not put anything in writing." I never got to experience the service. So I do not know. I guess I am going to live with COX's shortcomings. At Least COX honors their package prices and I know what I am going to get charged at the end of the month.This phone ordeal with CenturyLink took hours and hours of my time. If you have free time and don't have anything better to do, give CenturyLink a try.
1	It's funny that the television commercial says actual customers not actors as two of them star in tony and Tinas wedding at planet Hollywood.  Wow nice lies they tell.....
1	the worst fking service i ever delt with. I paid the extra money to disconnect with them.. cust service makes a good business and they suck at it.. on top of that. they quote me for about 30 dollars a month and i get charged over 70 dollars each month.. please dont get this service. it sucks ass..
5	First off , i've only had the service for about 2 weeks , and so far so good , I walked into the store and JP was very helpful !! He had me up and running in 10 mins, he v for even talked to direct tv for me, at around 30 $ a month you cant beat it !!
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!! I highly reccomend that if you do decide to use CenturyLink for Prisim TV you only communicate with them through e-mail so you have it in writing. We have had Horrible service since day one, multiple technichians have come to "fix" the issues. Not to mention the absolute WORST cutomer service.... Lie after Lie after Lie!!!! our bill is ridiculous and nothing like advertised or promised, they have had the audacity to call us crazy!!!
1	Horrible! I went with Prism because the price was good and I was looking forward to the DSL option, as well as all the kid HD options. After about a month it all went down hill.  I left Cox because I was constantly having to reset my router.  The install guy told me I will never have to reset anything with Prism. YAH, right! I'm constantly dealing with freezing, I can't have three tv's on HD channels because one of them will tell me unable to use HD and tells me to shut off a service.  Now, I'm experiencing the sound cutting out about every 30 seconds.  Like others I was quoted one price when I signed up and when I received my first bill it was twice as much. I had to call several times for the bonus gift card I was supposed to receive.The only positive customer service experience I've had was with the Facebook coordinator who actually took the time to help me, once I complained on Facebook.  The phone service people don't know how to fix anything. I called with a sound issue one day and all he could suggest was to unplug the box and plug it back in. I ended up fixing it myself.I can't wait for my contract to be up so I can go back to Cox.
1	Terrible for your business. They won't bundle you and will charge lots of money and then charge you a termination fee of $200. I wish I could give a zero. They charged me $160 more a month than Cox. Service was good, but billing issues are a nightmare to deal with.
1	This is literally the worst internet I've had in 8 years. The man that connected the service was nice. I've had it for a week and half, paying for 10Mbps and consistently test at less than ONE Mbps. I have been trying to watch a 4 minute youtube video for an hour. AN HOUR. This is ridiculous. If they grant me my request to discontinue service I will give them another star for customer service.
1	My account was opened in the middle of a billing cycle, so they took it upon themselves to double charge me.  The rep was a door to door salesman who quoted me $29, my bill was $89.51. This company sucks, the internet service is OK but their salespeople door to door are just plain liars.  Also, a $200 cancellation fee, lol
1	If you are reading this review prior to signing up, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not even consider Prism/Century Link internet as an option for cable/internet!! I read some negative reviews prior to signing up on the consumer report but I decided that maybe people have higher expectations for their TV experience than me because I rarely watch it. Negatives: 1. Prism doesn't work in Vegas. It freezes and skips like a scratched DVD. The DVR never operated. 2. Service: There is no one available to speak with you after 3pm Vegas time because their customer service is based out of state. I could never get a tech out to my house to fix it and they constantly made excuses. 3. Internet worked fine most of the time, but they charge a high price for it. 4. Cancellation Fee to cancel when I was told there was no contract. Very misleadingTHE WORST PART: I paid my cancellation fee, returned my boxes and made sure I zeroed out my account. Century Link claims they never received my cable boxes and sent me a bill for 5 months. I have spent 10+ hours on hold trying to explain it is their mistake. LAST WEEK I GOT A LETTER FROM A PRE-COLLECTION AGENCY TELLING ME I HAVE A MONTH TO PAY CENTURY LINK $300!! I always paid my bill (despite their nonworking service), I paid my cancellation fee, returned the cable box and I have spent countless hours on the phone. I am absolutely shocked that this company exists. I actually MET the CEO of the company poolside while I served him drinks. He was very Indian, married and sexually aggressive towards getting me to "party" with him after my shift... YAHH RIGHT! Then he told me what he did for a living, I was absolutely shocked! He actually agreed that they care more about signing up new accounts than servicing the ones they have. He said If I come "party" with him at Pure he would personally deal with my case. What a LOSER!! If the CEO doesn't care about the customers, how is this company in business?? Of course I told him I would meet him later, he tipped me $70 and I laughed all the way home to my bed to my boyfriend. At least I got some of my $$ back from this company I guess.
1	This is a poor apolgy for an ISP. They first wanted my SS number to run credit. When I told them that I would rather give them a deposit than have them run credit, they first refused. Then after lots of back and forth, they charged my Amex for $100 for equipment deposit and set up an install date. This morning someone calls me and said they need the SS number after all and since I didnt provide it, they have arbitarirly cancelled my appointment and needed me to reschedule. I offered to show them my ATT&T, Verizon and Dish bills to show that I have been a customer and never been late, but this woman did not want to hear it. Kept insiting that I fax them a copy of my SS card. Can these people be really that retarded? I asked for a copy of the receipt to show the $100 charge to my Amex. The operator and a supervisor said it could not be done. I finally told them to cancel the order and refund my money. Surprise, surprise, they wanted my money immediately but it takes them 10-12 days to refund my money via a paper check. Dont know anything about how good or bad their service is, but if their customer service is any indiaction, I have no intention of finding out. I am running the other way, Gangnam style.
1	If I could give them a negative star I would. Horrible customer service. We were promised better internet service than Cox and that was a joke. My husband decided to give them a try but we had to cancel because the internet service just wasnt up to par with what we needed. Unfortunately we were out of town so we cancelled 1 day after the 30 day customer satisfaction period. We were told over the phone by the customer service rep that it was ok and that he was back dating the cancellation date so we would not be charged the early termination fees but when we got our first bill we were charged over $500.00. I called to complain and told there was no record of my phone call and basically there was nothing they would do for me. Do not sign up with century link you will regret it
1	If I could give a true rating it would be no stars. I left Directv because I thought their customer service couldn't get any worse. Boy did Prism prove me wrong. After being quoted one price, my bill was a different one. C/S says they can't do anything about it. Then my phone line didn't work, because the tech didn't bother to set up. So they had to send someone else out. After they came to turn my phone line on, the tv service went out because of something the phone guy did. After another 3 hours on the phone,they decided to send someone out. I also changed my plan, and instead of doing it the next week, like they said they would, it shut off that day. I cannot insist enough....DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER THEM!!!! The actual tv service is awful too. It freezes all the time. The Internet that's supposed to be 10 times faster....drops off all the time, and the signal is very weak. Save yourself the headache and go with ANYONE else. Canceling my service today.
1	I would not give them any stars if it would let me. This company is a joke. Their services are a joke, and their customer service is worse than a joke. Cancelled service and sent in our equipment when we moved to a new house. 5 months later a collection notice is sent to my new house for 500 dollars. They claim I never cancelled service or returned any of my equipment. Thanks a lot century link. I will happily give my money to overpriced Cox over you crooks.
1	Company used some 3rd party advertising arm to get my service (Clear Link), this company never mentioned a $200 cancellation fee in the 30 minutes they were selling the service and saying I could terminate at any time yada yada.Then when i need to cancel after 9 months Century Link informs me of this (saying they sent an email after service started with this information.. which certainly could be true i never saw it but that sounds like stuff they happily had go to a spam filter)THe funniest part is the remaining service on this contract I never agreed to was under $100 and they were insisting on a $190 feeAnd when pointed out the people getting service on their behalf lied they didn't care.. insisting it was my faultTo be fair CS in ever telecommunications company is horrid and based on deception. Gee wonder why we have no loyalty to any of them
1	I hate CenturyLink, worst Internet and tv service ever. Always our service is interrupted and freezes and I don't know how many times we have had a tech out. It's pretty obvious they know they suck as they don't even respond to the reviews.
2	I like century links bundle with everything for 169.00 a month... Their customer service is kinda messy and unorganized... The sales guy that came to my house was kind of irritating- kept making comments about my love life... Then there was discrepancies with my bill... I miss cox tv connect tho...it is what it is...the installer told me the wrong info about adding another box :(
1	Thank you thank you THANK YOU everyone for reviewing Century Link.  A salesman came to my door tonight and I was going to sign up - the price was good, the promises were promising, and  I was ready to save some money over what Cox charges. Luckily I Yelped before I gave any information to the sales guy.  The information provided by all the reviewers here was invaluable.   Thanks aga.
1	I cancelled my service with CenturyLink in April 2013 after they had their nationwide outage.  I called in to cancel and it was cancelled, thought. I continued to receive bills to my automatic pay account and when I discovered this in July, I called again and they said it was never cancelled. I spoke to two ladies first said I owed the entire bill. The second said no and credited off the balance. Then the next month and each month following I get a bill for some unknown amount.  Today when I called I ended up talking to three different people and got three different explanation as to what the balance was. If you read CenturyLInk's agreement, the only thing they guarantee is that you owe the monthly payment. They will do best effort is providing internet connectivity with no liability for not doing so. Be very careful using CenturyLInk and always take good notes with names, date and time in any communications. They say they have notes on all communications. They do have a record of my call and the two conversations, however they have no notes as to what was discussed.  How convenient .
1	NEGATIVE 5 STARS! Because just a negative star is not enough to say how bad the service is. Had the service for three months and called tech support more than 30 times to report issues from slow Internet to freezing video service. My Internet goes down at least 4 times a day. Can not have more than 2 tvs watching hd (or 1 tv plus the DVR) with a computer on before they signal drops.One tech advised to have fast Internet to make sure all my tvs are turned off. Really? So just like Joe Pesci said in Lethal Weapon, they eff you at the drive-thru, CenturyLink does it to you when you sign up. They promise this good service, then you realize it's bad. You try to cancel but they want to send a tech out to try to fix it. Guess what, the tech can't come out for a day or two, so you now have less time to cancel. The service improves then after the 30 day cancellation period, it sucks even more. Now if you cancel, they eff you more with cancellation fees and more.
1	This is the WORST company! I went with them because the boxes that COX had was breaking down every 6 months and I would have to exchange them out.  The rate on service and promise of the VISA card for 'signing up' that came from the door to door sales person was a lie.  First off, the rates are definitely cheaper but paying for lousy service is not a bargain.  My TV service freezes for long periods of time, dropped/no service constantly, and pixaltes.  The internet drops several times a day.  Customer service on the phone does nothing except for telling you that you have a bad connection in the house (funny because they installed it).  I have one more year with this horrible company.  What a waste of money!  Good thing is that all my friends, neighbors and family have seen what kind of service this company provides.
4	Ok, so I wrote my review yesterday and I am writing my update from my phone because I have no internet. In the last two hours my internet dropped 4 times and the TV lost connection 3 times. You get centurylink prism and you will be paying for intermittent service.
1	prism tv in horrible. this past year i have called countless times. every time i call their notes on the account are never accurate. PRISM tv freezes, never records what you want, deletes what you have on your dvr. when you call and get a tech they make excuses of what the freezes could be change out a few cables and leave... nothing else. they are not here to help you when you call. i had the worst customer service from a guy named daniel who was rude and condescending. pay a few more dollars and get cox. prism and century link sucks and they will not help you. if you want to cancel they want to charge you even if their "product" and "service" you are calling about does not even work.
1	This review isn't directed at this specific store but at CenturyLink as a whole.  This is by far the worst company I have ever dealt with for any type of service.  I have had them for residential and dropped them due to their terrible customer service and horrific internet service.
