2	I came to Bodega with a few pals a couple of weeks ago, and after eating at the incredible 777 in Dublin I had high expectations.  Firstly, there's no denying that the menu sounds great, and is a welcome change from the usual tex-mex stodge served up all over town.  But, and this was really the main downfall, there just wasn't enough of it.  Firstly, we were advised that there was only several portions of some dishes left - fair enough I guess, since they've just opened - but when the portions arrived we were left wondering if they'd economised to eke out what was left.  I had the black bean dip to start which, whilst tasty, was (you guessed it) very small, and had just four (count them - *four*) strands of grated cheese on top.  Next up we ordered an assortment of tacos.  Firstly, I had the pulled pork and in keeping with the theme, the portion was tiny to the point where really what I could taste was the tortilla, which is a shame because the ingredients looked lovely.  Also, the pulled pork tacos are supposed to come with guacamole which was detectable only on very (and I mean *very*) close inspection, not that you could taste it.  Secondly I had the chicken mole, again with a disappointing single index finger-sized strip of chicken.  The sticky rice was delicious but the portion was tiny, coming in a ramekin barely sufficient for one person.  Finally, the Crocodile Pie was the tastiest thing on the menu but there wasn't enough to give the two portions we ordered, so we had to share (though this was kindly comped by the waiter, who I should add was great).  We all had a variety of items from across the menu, and everyone felt that the portions were small - one friend remarked that he left the restaurant feeling like he'd just had a starter and we were all peckish again quite quickly.  I don't usually feel compelled to write reviews about below-par meals because it's just part of eating out sometimes, but I'd *really* like to see Bodega succeed, and would try them again once they've settled in a bit.
5	This place is like a Michelin Star restaurant.  Trust me, book ahead.  Tried to go the 1st & 2nd time but couldn't get any seat.  3rd time lucky, but we are only allowed one hour due to the place being fully booked out later in the evening.  However, we were not that fussed as the food came out quite quickly.  This place has a small cosy feel to it.  It is not too big and only has roughly about 16 - 20 covers so it will be great for a gathering as it is also BYOB.  This is as far as I know the only Taco restaurant in the whole of Edinburgh.  I have been yearning for such a place to open as I go to the states regularly and I love Tacos.  The quality of the food is superb and made fresh every time it is ordered.  For starters, I had a ceviche.  Freshest fish as expected and boy did the lime and chilli give me a real kick.  My friend had chilli nacho and they were very generous with the chilli.  For the main, I had fish taco and again it did not fail me with the fresh fish.  For my final course, I had the Avocado Key Lime pie.  I was sceptical at first but it turned out to be one of the best desert I have tried in my life.  This is by far the best use of Avocado in a desert ever.  I would definitely recommend people to try this chic place out.  The waiter was really helpful and polite and I will certainly be back again for more tacos.
5	Oooh Bodega! You had a lot to live up to, and you definitely succeeded.I'd been desperate to try Bodega since our failed Taco evening (not failed completely, but unable to come to the newest taqueria on the block due to a gas fault). So with my sister having moved in with me again for Christmas I decided celebratory tacos were definitely in order.Knowing how small the venue is I made sure to book ahead on their Facebook page.  I was given a table, so long as they could have it back by half 7. No problem, I had to be home in time for the Doctor Who 50th anniversary anyway. When we arrived there was only one other couple there, but this was at 6pm so I'm sure it filled up later on.It's BYOB so we'd brought our own beer, which the waiter offered to put in the fridge for us. We had a look at the menu and both exclaimed that we wanted to try everything (sister's pescertarianess excepting). The suggestion is that you order 2 pairs, so we ordered 4 - meaning we could have 1 each of 4 different tacos.  Due to the afore mentioned not-quite-vegetarian diet of my sister we opted for the prawn, the black bean, the avocado and the special - breaded fish. With a starter of tortilla chips and the most delicious home made guacamole.DELICIOUS. That's really all I can say. Everything we ate filled our mouths and our tummies with joy. The fish taco was a bit spicy (not surprising as it had chipotle in it), the prawn was tangy (lime) and the black bean just a really nice level of yum. The avocado was a little dry, but I actually thought this was a great contrast in textures to the other tacos. And sneaky, they somehow got me to eat tomatoes. I hate tomatoes, and I could see them chopped up into little bits in the tacos, but the taste and texture was masked by everything else. After 4 tacos each we were still hungry, so ordered 1 each of the deserts on offer that evening - an apple and cinnamon burrito and a slice of avocado and lime pie. A-ma-zing. The avocado and lime pie in particular was a delight, and props to the very nice ice cream that was served with them too.Bodega, you filled my heart with joy. Expect to see me again. Soon.
4	Yum... Yum Yum Yum..Fish tacos. Nuff said.BYOB, there's an odd bins a few doors down or there's Tescos.Cash only. Decorations are sparse and it's a bit drafty if you're sat by the door, but neither of these things take away from the yummy food and the super friendly service.
3	I'm gonna have to stick with my fellow expat Emily, those toilets are freezing, why!!??Anyways, this place is really hit or miss. I love mexican food, its one of my favorite foods. ever. So, naturally I was excited when I heard all the hype about Bodega. We ordered some guacamole and pico de gallo to dip our chips. The pico de gallo was not nice, it was vinegary and had hardly any tomatoe in it. The consistency was all wrong as was the taste yet the guacamole was a total star! Taste was fabulous. The fish and pulled pork tacos are winners. The Mushroom, squash and onion relish taco not so much. When a single taco costs you 3 quid you expect something really really yummy, kinda amazing. That taco was lackluster and dissapointing. Not worth the money.  I really want to like Bodega but I feel like they need to reevaluate their pricing and add in some variety, like taquitos. I'd go back for that, otherwise wont be heading back too soon.
4	I had not had a Fish taco since I was in NY a few years back and had a craving once the yelp reviews appeared for here. Bodega had an offer for January of 2 sets of 2 tacos and side for a tenner, so off we set with vouchers in hand. The place its is quite small so I would reccomend booking as we saw people getiing turned away that had not booked. Its BYOB but water is provided automatically and theres a range of soft drinks on the menu. Decor wise they have done grand with such a small space. Very modern and clean. Service was excellent, very attentive and everything was explained clearly.The main event was great the missus had a smokey mushroom taco set and a tofu set. Both were given glowing reviews. My fish taco was excellent with a perfect blend of dried onions and a spot of salsa. I opted for the special of jerk chicken and this was again excellent with black beans and different type of salsa options. Flavours perfectly balanced on all 4 types of dish. Half way through these we both were talking about getting back here again. The only down for me was the sides werent to the same standard. The rice was quite standard spanish/mexican rice that you would find in a stuffed pepper. It was tasty enough just needed a bit more body. The tortilla chips served with guacamole apeared to be the ones from Lupe Pintos thumbs up here on that side,  but the guacamole itself was a little lacking. This really needs some more flavours chucked at it. I have had worse dont get me wrong as a whole the side were fine but I think my guacamole is better... each to there own and all that though.Another aside was there were no condiments like hot sauce etc. I am a totally chilli head so generally aim for spicy. The dishes could have done with a bit more oommff for my palette. The sides and hot sauce are kind of minor points, so for me it would have been 5 stars if it wasnt for those. All in this place is great - excellent tacos, great atmosphere and attentive service. Check it out if your down leith way and fancy something a bit different.
2	Meh. I was unimpressed really with both the size and decor and the quality of the food. I'm not going to labour this review as I may get lynched by all the other folk who love this place but really...?! Am I missing something? The place is tiny and full of student types. The homemade guacamole was fresh but tasteless and so was the Mexican rice which suspiciously tasted shop-bought. I don't eat fish but my boyfriend enjoyed the fish taco. It was his favourite out of the 4 chosen. I did enjoy the pulled pork one but there it ended. The jerk chicken was dry and the beef one tasted funny (kinda fishy). In saying that, the BF ate 6 and still lives. I ate 2 and ended up wishing we'd got a takeaway instead. Again....Meh.
5	I watch a LOT of Kitchen Nightmares. A LOT. If I've learned one thing it's that a famous chef coming to visit and fixing your food and a new restaurant makeover can make you hugely successful. The other thing I learned is tiny menu + awesome dishes = probably can't go wrong. This works for Bodega. You can't get tacos at most places in Edinburgh, and you can't get good tacos anywhere in Edinburgh. And if you don't like tacos you're a horrible human being that deserves to have no friends... which means you're not in the market for going out to dinner too often, right? So Bodega rightly thought... why not just the be the only place in Edinburgh that you can get an awesome taco? They've adopted the food truck mentality of making it weird and keeping it simple all at the same time. The guacamole wasn't stingy. The tacos were superb. The dessert was amazing.  And that's it. Gordon Ramsay would say "Wow, now THAT was a taco".
3	Had high hopes but ended up disappointed. Fusion Mexican food with different types of tacos. We had the guac with chips for a starter and tacos with bulgogi beef, jerk chicken, and panko-breaded cod.  The guacamole was very nice, made with lots of avocados unlike many places that mainly serve sour cream-based guac.The tacos were less than impressive. The beef and chicken were both dry and bland, and the panko-breaded cod was tasty -- but it was not panko-breaded but something like a 'shake and bake'! Instead of fusion Japanese-Mexican, it was fusion Scottish-Mexican!!! Nothing against Scotland, but don't advertise it as 'panko' when you don't have it!
4	Popped in last night for the first time a really impressed. Had the Cod taco which was excellent and the chicken special which was pretty good too. Both the guacamole and salsa were fresh and we'll prepared. Only the chips were ordinary. Finally, friendly helpful service made for a great evening.
5	Such. Good. Tacos.Had the pleasure of eating here for my sister-in-law's birthday and was not disappointed. Despite the fact we took up 2 of the very limited amount of tables and ordered at least one of everything off the menu, our waiter was still very attentive and friendly (always a plus!) All the food came out in quick succession and was gorgeous. We all had a nibble from each other's tacos, but I could easily eat nothing but the breaded cod with chipotle mayo tacos for the rest of the week and be very happy indeed. I went for the lime and avocado tartlet for pudding and it was the perfect refreshing yet filling end to the meal. It's cash only, which is understandable as it's such a tiny place. Annoying for a group of 5 who ordered a LOT but then that's our own fault. ;)
1	Only one word to describe Bodega Dirty, plates all chipped,glasses looked like they could do with a good wash and as for the toilets a big hole in the ceiling and I'm sure I saw some mouse droppings in a , as for the food it was very bland I expected some kick but everything tasted the same and soggy, the only thing that took a kicking was my wallet! Very over priced
5	Being from California, where mex is as common as pizza in nyc, it's easy to tell the good from the bad from the ugly. Bland=ugly as with any food. What's the point of paying someone else to make a flavorless concoction I could ask my boyfriend to screw up at home? Good=flavor+combination. And spicy does not equal flavor, but that is not something you have to worry about here. There is just enough of a kick on the tacos to sizzle your taste buds. The real zing comes from the bottle of salsa they leave on the table. Start small. I have tried all but the prawn taco, being allergic, and the two pork ones are my fav. Sure, pulled pork and pork belly have tons of flavor on their own, BUT pork and pineapple- it's the combination that's amazing. The guac is the best I've had in the UK. The bean dip is hot, and beany, but I'm not huge on beans so I'm not one to say. The avocado lime dessert tart- seriously do yourself a favor and get it. It may be small, but it is worth trying something new. Other's have touched on the decor, which I love, because it's classy and somehow shows breasts at the same time. Try doing that. I've also sat by the door, I prefer it, and I don't find it cold; and I'm from Cali and still carry sunshine in my veins.
