5	This is the only restaurant in Montreal that i consistently return.  It's inexpensive and the food is delicious.  I enjoy being able to customize my own meal.  You have three sections where you choose your choice of noodles (ban pho, shanghai soba, udon), protein (shrimp, beef, chicken, tofu) and flavouring (teriyaki, yakisoba, pineapple curry).  I miss zyng.
3	I took my mother here for dinner because it is a fun little interactive place where you can pick your protein, veg, and noodles. Not a fancy place by any means. We had a decent meal, which was cooked properly. The menu is big and can get a bit overwhelming with so many choices of noodles, sauces, and so forth.A great place for a date, or quick meal.
3	We spotted this noodlery and husband was sold. It was the "noodlery" part that did it.This is one of those places where you can customize your meal- choose the noodle, the sauce, the protein and the veg. I opted for an entree- shrimp with a sesame-based sauce, some rice and veg. It was good. Husband ate his up! A fun, inexpensive dinner.
1	The restaurant seemed nice from outside, so we went in but when we placed the order, I was extremely disappointed with the service as we wanted to make a change in the order and the server simply refused. I did not like the attitude at all. More disappointing was the food- we did a take out-the veges looked dead and lacked flavor what so ever. The rice stir fry- rice was not mixed into the veges at all, we actually ended up throwing the food in the garbage. Waste of time and money.
3	Even Montreal, that city of the great white north known for its French styled bistros, has its representation into a trend getting traction south of the border, that is, Puzzle Food. Puzzle Food is where you walk into a casual place that is pick and choose items from a list of 3 or 4 variables, and put the pieces together however you want to make them fit to make your Puzzle meal. Except this place has been around perhaps 10 - 12 years, so maybe Puzzle food started here? It is a Puzzling question. This place is sort of like Mongolian Barbecue meets Pan-Asian noodle house. The Puzzle pieces are:1. Pick the noodle you want (a variety of Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese and other noodle favorites)2. Pick your protein (chicken, beef, tofu, etc. )3. Pick the sauce you want (again, sweet, sweet and sour, spicy, soy sauce, etc. )4. Pick the veggies from the veggie bar that you want added to your noodles. Then wait for the cook to grill it all up, and the waitress to bring you it to your table with the beverage of your choice. Not that Puzzling really. This is cheap stuff. $9.99 and $12.99 covers most any combo you want. So it is cheap enough that you don't have to Puzz around (oops did I mean don't be a Putz?) and just come in and order something. But not on a first date. If you don't like your Japanese Udon noodles with the American broccoli and cauliflower you chose in the spicy Thai sauce you selected, who's fault is that? Why do you look Puzzled with this question?You Puzz!
5	Tell y'all the truth...this is the first place I've been to here in Montreal around the Downtown area that actually does cook their food with HEAT, (I mean heat as HOT, and SPICY).  As a American from Dallas, Texas...we LOVE food with HEAT...and this place definitely does a great job doing so.  Now that I've found this place...I'll be coming back for me for more!!!  :)
4	I walked in after a too long walk, was addressed immediately by friendly staff, got to pick where I sat, and then ordered a miso soup and steam/fried gyoza beef dumplings. I was really encouraged by all the fresh fruit and veggies on display, and by the decor. Clean and pretty, and the furniture of asian-fusion blend without being really obnoxiously fake. The place focuses on asian noodles, so the fact that I ordered a Japanese soup and Chinese dumplings was probably a bit odd of me - however I took the risk and the miso was home-made, delicious, and awesome. The dumplings were soooooo good. The waitress who served me told me the dumplings here are her favourite!Two very happy thumbs up  - I can always tell I'm going to have to come back when I'm sad after licking my plate clean. I feel like next time I should order 40 dumplings instead of just 12.
2	Consider Zyng as an overpriced Thai Express. I had the soba noodles with grilled chicken and spicy peanut sauce, and it was fairly disappointing. The food wasn't flavourful, the proportions were small, and the chicken was dry. Equally disappointing was the vermicelli with grilled chicken that my friend had. The waiter we dealt with was also quite crude. As we had placed a takeout order, we had declined to tip because no service had been provided. Immediately after paying for our meals, however, the waiter processing our transaction asked us forthright whether we would be tipping in cash now, or tipping later. This is really poor waiter etiquette, and while we acquiesced, we should not have been asked that question at all.
3	Normal/typical noodle place.Not bad, not great. Go here If you're looking for fast Asian food. It's not authentic
4	Wow is this place wonderful. Sapporo beer on tap. WeeeeeFresh vegetables to mix with noodles to create your own food bowl. WeeeeeeNice sweet service. WeeeeeeNot that cheap. Booooooo (well its Montreal, food is expensive)Regardless, if you looking for good fresh vegetarian friendly food, go to Zyng. Go go go go go...
2	Great service but the food was bad and they messed up the bill double taxing us. The dumplings were good but the noodles with beef weren't. The beef was very chewy.
