3	$$$$$ will work with u for cash, Getting a jelly type substance (hypodermic acid) make sure U ask for Euflexxa or supartz; they R more natural so safer 4 ur body) shot in my knee  so I don't have to have knee surgery. At first they wanted me to get a knee replacement. Don't do it research google prp & orthopedics. The body is an amazing thing, One Dr. here does this prosedure however I can't remember his name.
5	I've seen dozens of doctors and been in countless offices, clinics, and hospitals, AOSM is by far the best I've ever been to!The Front Office ladies are a pleasure to work with; as many times as I've been in the office and/or called, they've never been unpleasant. The assistants are wonderful and so very helpful. The PA I saw post-op was fantastic and really took the time to explain things in a way anyone could understand. And, of course, Dr. Yee is by far one of the best doctors I've ever seen! He introduced himself by first name and genuinely listened to everything I said, seemingly happy to help; definitely not the typical rushed and cold feeling most doctors give their patients.Out of, now, three knee surgeries, this one was the best experience, least pain, and quickest recovery. Two close friends have seen other Doctors at AOSM and were both extremely impressed as well. He and his office are, in my seasoned opinion, the very best Las Vegas (or anywhere else) could offer! If you're looking for a great Orthopedic Surgeon, look no further than AOSM!!
5	After 3 surgeries on different parts of my body, all handled here, I would definetly say this is the place to go.  The Dr's here are all awesome!!!  Dr. Yee is by far the coolest, most professional Dr around.  He will give you an honest opinion and doesn't take any shortcuts to make sure you get back to full health.  The rest of the staff are always a pleasure to be around, especially Meg C (I love you).  If you have a knee, shoulder, hip, foot, whatever kind of injury, don't even consider anyplace else, these guys are awesome.
5	I see Dr. Liu at this location and I could not have asked for a better doctor. I have been having problems with my knee for about a year and recently had to have surgery. Dr. Liu and his staff are knowledgeable, caring and efficient. From day 1, he has explained everything to me regarding my diagnosis and care, taken time to answer all of my questions and never once made me feel rushed or like I was an inconvenience. My surgery was recently and the experience was better than I anticipated. Everything went well and Dr. Liu and all his staff have been wonderful regarding follow up care. I have also heard that all of the doctors at this location are wonderful. I have not seen anyone else so I can't speak from experience but friends and colleagues have wonderful things to say about the doctors here. The receptionists and nurses are also wonderful. It's rare that you go to a doctors office and are met with a friendly face but that is always the case at Advanced. Paperwork is handled efficiently, everyone is so nice and all questions are answered respectfully. I have never waited more than 2 hours for a return phone call about billing or paper work and when I have had medical questions about my surgery, phone calls were returned within 20 minutes. I HIGHLY recommend this office to anyone needing this kind of care.
5	This review is for Dr Otten. After my knee surgery with Dr. Liu (see my other review) I was limping which caused an issue with my sacroiliac joint. This in turn caused me chronic low back pain. After trying a few things, I called AOSM. I should have done this from the beginning. I was referred to Dr. Otten and I liked him immediately. He was open and warm and didn't make me feel like just another chart...We talked about all of my options and he helped me decide which was best for me. We decided on 2 rounds of joint injections. I had the first set two days ago and I am even more impressed. I was super nervous and he made sure to talk to me, made sure all my questions were answered and he completed the procedure quickly and almost painlessly. I was beyond impressed by the bedside manner and excellent care I received. Plus, my back feels 1000 times better.As always the office staff at AOSM were amazing and accommodating. I highly recommend this office as well as Dr. Otten.
1	I went to see Dr. Liu. He seemed like a great doctor. The office staff was so rude when I tried to schedule my surgery, I decided to go to another doctor.
5	I visited Dr. Kuruvilla at the urging of my family doctor when I ruptured my tendon. I get queasy immediately at the the mere thought of any kind of medical practice, let alone visiting a doctors office. Considering the pain I was in, I appreciated the minimal wait time, and even post surgery I have never waited more than a few minutes for a call-back or an office visit.The entire staff, including the nurses, are not only compassionate but also funny, and sometimes when you're trying to take your mind off the pain, humor is exactly what you need. I understand this might not be for everyone, but I really appreciated it.Dr. Kuruvilla was a true pro from start to finish, and guided me with my options both pre and post surgery.I hope anyone reading this never has an injury that requires them to visit such a doctor, but life happens, and if you need this kind of care, you can't beat it. Highly recommended.
3	This review is based on my initial experience at AOSM.  Not with any specific doctor or treatment that I received.1.  It is now 2014.  Do you really need me to fill out 11 pages of paperwork, a lot of which is the same information?  You are going to photocopy my insurance card - do you really need me to write down the information that is on the card onto your paperwork?  Update your paperwork folks - all of it could have fit on 2 pages.2.  Again, update your paperwork - I am not going to give you my SSN.  No need for it.3.  Waited almost an hour to see the doctor.  Seems like this is fairly standard practice with any physician's office.  But they really shouldn't schedule so many patients at one time.  Please have some respect for our time.The patient treatment appears to be really well organized, and I would easily give 5 stars to the doctor and assistants for the way that they handled everything else, including medication, injection etc...
4	I will say that Dr. Bady and Dr. Otten are great doctors and so nice.
1	So finally after waiting around for way more hours for this doctor than I ever should have, I made the decision on surgery day to cancel and to find another doctor.  This guy was late on surgery day, which just reeks of a consistent lack of respect for the patient.  I mean, you are requiring patients to have someone pick you up after surgery - that means two people are unable to work that day.. shouldn't you at least try to be on time for surgery?  You're not giving an official time until less than 24 hours before.  So you have plenty of time to make sure you're giving yourself enough time and to not overbook.I was more than willing to ignore the fact that this office told the imaging center to take an MRI of the wrong shoulder.  And after getting the MRI, when it was obvious that pills and injections weren't helping, they suggested more injections and coming back for another appointment.  Meaning more wasted time.  Enough is enough - please have some respect for your patients.I'm going to add a review for Dr. Bigler who eventually performed surgery on my shoulder - I'd highly recommend going to see him.
5	Dr. Otten is a dreamboat.  There!  I said it.  Wow.  It's a relief to finally get that off my chest.  His dreaminess is not why I rated this place 5 stars though.  Well, not 100% why.  Dr. Otten gets straight to the point - he's no nonsense and he's been incredibly helpful.  I'm a long distance runner, and while training for my first marathon I began experience terrible pain in my knee and hip.  I had no idea what was causing it.  I popped in to see the Dr. Otten after hearing good things from other friends and family who he had treated.  After an x-ray and a few tests, Dr. Otten had an idea what was going on - and miracle of all miracles, he was able to give me some anti-inflammatory meds that were able to get me through my marathon somewhat pain free.  After my marathon, I went back for a cortisone shot in my hip and it's a miracle!  I've been running pain free for a few months now.  I'll probably need surgery, according to his diagnosis and x-rays but I'm amazed at how he's been able to treat my pain without painkillers.  He's great at what he does!
3	Only one visit so the jury is still out.  First and foremost this place is HARD to find!  You can't really see it from the street and my navigator said I was there and saw nothing so I went around and around until I turned down a little side street and then spotted it.  I was on time for my appointment but then I had all the paperwork.  I HATe paperwork especially when they ask the same questions on every form.  Why on earth they don't make a form I can fill out online and print and take in is beyond me... and especially one that will duplicate all the same questions by pre-populating.None the less, once I was done with the paperwork it wasn't much of a wait.  First person came in and wanted to X-Ray my knees.  OK.... X-ray machine didn't seem to be working and I never saw film or images and doc didn't mention so I hope I don't get charged for something that never happened.Next person that walked in was what I think was Doc in training.  Nice, poked around on both my knees and then the "real" doc walked in with what i think was another trainee.  Pushed on the spot that hurt the most immediatly.  Moved my legs around which caused the grinding and popping noise and said "Oh yeah, you have arthritis" and lots of chuckling.  I went along with it and said "No shit, Sherlock... now what are you going to do about it?"  Positive reaction (some docs wouldn't take kindly to the smart-ass ness but since it was going around...)  Bottom line I got joint injections that day. Most painful ever and hurt pretty bad for 24 hours and then sore for another couple of days but most effective to date.I also injuries in both my shoulders and have had shots at least 3 times in each with less and less effectiveness.  I got an appointment for new MRI in less than a week and hope I get to see the doc that day and get this moving.With injuries in knees, back and shoulders all I want is to get diagnosis and treatment on everything at once so hopefully I can be pain free (or pain reduced) and not have to always have one injury hurting me.  I have had an amazing number of appointments for really typical "getting old and used to do extreme sports" kind of problems and still I'm split between 3 medical groups.The good news is this place is fast.  My impression is this kind of business is a cash cow so they get in and get it done fast.  (I am surgery adverse so I can't comment on anything else but just office visit and much appreciated speed.)
4	I have now been back twice and even though you are lucky if you get 60 seconds with he doc, compared to the place I left because I was getting nowhere with them, progress is great!I had cortisone shots in knees and shoulders.  There was so much more in the syringe it scared me but it worked whereas the last  practice did the same thing and also charged me for something they didn't do... and it worked minimally and didn't last, this seems to have worked and the bill was correct.
5	I have been through 3 surgeries to date with Dr. Yee and I wouldn't change Dr's for anything. He is a great surgeon, and very personable. Be prepared to wait a bit he is not really known for being super on time but that doesn't bother me. The care I have received from him has been great! His PA Brittany, also amazing!! His office staff is fantastic!! I bother his MA Joy on the regular and she is always helpful and super friendly and works to resolve any issues quickly. Meghan, who deals with my work comp, is unbelievably attentive to my issues as well. As I am probably looking at a fourth surgery I would not trust my knee to anyone other than Dr Yee and his staff. I can not speak high enough of all of them.
1	I've had 2 surgeries in my feet and spinal surgery.I went to Dr Kuruvilla for a 3rd foot surgery-. I was told to arrive at a communal surgery center @ 6:00am- I laid there out in the open for Four hours.My surgery lasted less than an hour- and my insurance company was billed more than $20,000! I've been asking him for a permanent handicap placard for my car- He said he's not qualified to issue one- 3 different people at the DMV told me Any surgeon could do this due to my extensive surgeries- ( and they asked me if he was a real doctor) yet he refused. He said he would give me one for a Year- I arrived @ the DMV to find it was for 6 mos - sooo I drove back to his office- and the girl at the desk became annoyed with me and insisted I couldn't get one for a year- I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone!! Something weird is definitely wrong there!
