4	I have been to a few kid bouncy parties before and some of them the other Pump It Up locations.  The place is clean, neat, but a little warm.  The staff is very nice.  This location is a little different.  They had 3 rooms.  Room #1 - 3 bouncy:  small slide, basketball, and obstacle course.  We were in there for 30 to 40 mins.  Then Room #2 - 3 bouncy again:  Huge slide, mini obstacle, and boxing ring.  Again, another 30 to 40 mins.  Room #3 - Cake and pizza room.   All the kids had fun but they were sweaty.  But room #3 they turn down the AC so it was cool after 15 mins.
2	Clean location.  Staff could be more energetic.  They were yawning, during the party.
5	We held my daughter's birthday party here this weekend and I have to say I couldn't be happier. From the first phone call I made to inquire about the party until the very end with the presents being loaded in the trunk for us, I was pleased. The staff was very helpful and the kids had a blast. I loved the fact that I felt like I got to enjoy the party too since I had so much help from the staff. I would definetly recommend Pump It Up to other parents in the area.
4	Much better now! I took both of my daughters there last fall and they loved it. Then in January I was told that my youngest was not big enough; this made it challenging for me to take my girls. I just went back for the 1st time since then and there are toys for younger kids to play with now. Both girls had a blast and I will start going back there again. I just wish there were bounce houses designated just for the younger kids. That is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
5	We just had a birthday party for my 5 year old son. It was a hit! All the guests had a great time. Very well organized and a great staff! The new inflatable they are testing is not for younger kids, at least I did not think so. You should ask about that one when booking.
5	Had my son's 6th bday party here.  It was amazing.  The staff was so nice and helpful.  The party was well organized, even when we switched arenas it was so smooth.   The equipment was in good shape, clean.   The staff took a bunch of awesome pics while we were playing.   The party room was neat and clean.   Lots of room to move around and relax.  Nice and cool temperatures.    I highly recommended a party here especially for the summer months.   Even the food was delicious.  The kids and parents all had a blast.
4	I went here for my niece and nephews birthday party and they had a good time. Staff was very organized. They had a few different rooms and they would tell you when to move to the next one. The staff was taking photos and great with the kids. The kids had pizza and soda and we brought in a cake. Everyone enjoyed themselves, great party location.
3	Attended for my niece's birthday party recently. We had fun but boy do they get you in and out fast...like assembly line fashion! The only issue I saw was the young man cutting the cake licked frosting off his fingers between passes through the cake. This is an innocent mistake, but when you work in the service industry--a major no-no. And this--for me--brings them to 3 stars.
5	The kids enjoyed it. My brother told me they have a deal on Friday - $5 per person. The staff was nice and the location was clean. They have free wireless so I was able to work while the kids played. There are two sides to this location. The side on the left has black lights. If you're out of shape you may want to think twice about climbing the bouncy slide. It is a tad bit of a workout for parents with littles. Overall good experience I would return. Oh the positive side is they have a pump it up screen to take pictures with. I love those things.
