4	Q Studio is one of the three karaoke joints in Vegas with private rooms that I've been to so far. The other two are Zizzy and Star. All three are located in Chinatown. Q Studio is on Jones and Spring Mt, near Cafe Moda, across the street from Diho Market. I love private rooms. You can get as silly as you want and not have to worry about other strangers. And you don't have to be embarrassed about singing poppy songs like Toxic by Britney. Spears, that is. Hey, its a GOOD song. The girl helping us was friendly and as the night progressed and we got unruly she was still nice and tolerant. I wouldn't be. I'd prolly 86 people at any chance I got if I worked there. Like Zizzy and Star, its Korean-owned. BUT their Engrish was really good and the girl explained the remote control to us. Complicated equipment. They have a kitchen, but for some reason it was closed that night. A couple of our friends were under 21, but when they carded, we just told the staff that our young'uns wouldn't drink. Much. We got a medium room, perfect for eight people. The whole establishment is pretty big. It looked like they had maybe fifteen private rooms. Oh, AND their English music selection was slightly larger than Star and Zizzy's. But they still didn't have some essential Karaoke songs. They DID have Ice Ice Baby, though. That actually merits another star. I think we were there for like four hours, had four pitchers of Hite beer, a Corona, and one bottle of soju and the total bill was $171 before tip. Call and inquire about their specials. I think Tuesday nights are 50% off to room rental all night. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I had my birthday party there with 30+ people and it was the best birthday ever!They have awesome staff and the manager is very helpful and accomodating. Plus, they have really good discounts on the rooms and alcohol. I give them two thumbs up!!
5	Q is probably the cleanest karaoke spot in LV. Everything is new and it's not run down like others. There are no drunk teenagers throwing up all over the place and even the workers are dressed up semi formal in black & white. What's different about Q is that they use projectors and screens instead of TVs. Pretty cool~ They only charge $10/hr for a small room and prices go up to $25 for a large room.  Remotes could be a bit more user friendly(or maybe it was just me). like they didn't have 2ne1 in the database which I knew didn't make sense but if you look for their songs in the songbook, they're all there. Oh and you can't leave out the graffiti mural with 2pac & biggie. You have to give them credit for trying to be hip. 5 stars because its $10!!!!! its like Happy hour every hour
3	For now, three stars because it was my first time and there was an hour wait time for a medium/large room, then after we got the room 20 minutes later the machine just stopped.  Supposed cause is that there were too many people in the room ~ maybe it was just that night however I had a great time with friends and we're coming back again this Saturday.  Hopefully it will be a better experience.
4	Venturing out in Vegas, some of my local friends decided to take us Californians to this Karaoke place.  Karaoke is always fun - especially drunk - and so we were totally down.  Now, I have only been to a Karaoke place like this in California and so I wasn't really expecting much, but when I walked in - I was shocked.  Artfully made graffiti on the walls and modern style furniture made the feel really relaxed and chill.  Everything was clean and the hostess was really nice. We got a private room for 12 people.  It was pretty spacious and it was awesome to just hang out with people and not be embarrassed to get crazy - knowing that everyone that can hear you are your friends.My friends ordered Soju and it was brought directly into our private room - it was so private that even the under 21 year olds could sneak a couple swigs without anyone knowing, but let's just keep that on the down low. ;]They have a very decent song selection, but there were definitely some songs I wish they had - including ones that aren't really that new.  They also have a selection of Korean, Spanish and Tagalog songs. :]After 3 hours (or more) of karaoke... and basically losing my voice, we decided to call it a night.  I was expecting the bill to be well over $100 - as has been my experience in LA, but to my surprise, it was at about $60 - about $5 per person.  I was thoroughly impressed.Overall, I would definitely go back again. Lots of fun and a cheap night in Vegas - one that can come in handy after all the money you already spend there.  Only lacking a star for missing out on songs that are more recently popular, but I can't really blame them - it takes time to get those programmed in... but hopefully they'll be on top of it next time I'm there! ;]
4	I was very happy to have experienced a little bit of the non-tourist side of Vegas while I was there.  After a large dinner at the Wynn, our group of about 12 were trying to decide what to do to end our final evening in the huge city.  Our local friends suggested a great karaoke bar that was not only affordable, but closeby and offered a good selection of snacks and drinks.  We figured we could get by one night without being too touristy, so we decided to hit up Karaoke Q.First of... this place was already bangin' when you were paying for the ROOM, and not for each individual!  I am accustomed to most places charging per person per hour, which can stack up to over $20 per person... but this place... for over three hours of karaoking and good company, cost me $5.  Great deal!Servers spoke perfect English, and were always prompt in assisting us.Though there music isn't as updated as it could be, they have a wide selection of English and Korean songs.  The music videos served as our form of Korean dramas during the evening.Also, soju was plentiful!  $17 for a handle of yogurt soju, while bottles of regular soju were $11.  All you need to do is inform the receptionist who was 21 and have them see their ID, and they'll deliver the drinks with the appropriate number of glasses.  We left with a good buzz I must say.Good place to chill, drink, and sing like there's no tomorrow.  Parking is available outside in the plaza, and is plentiful.  I only wish there were more recent songs, but I'll live.
5	LOVE this place. They treat you with respect and kindness (unlike Karaoke Star), and always have specials going. The place is so nice and has a great atmosphere. I miss living in Vegas for this place alone, but I'll be there when I visit...everytime!
5	My friend took me to Sushimon and we came here afterwards. Definitely the topper of the night.Adding to that, the three of us stayed for two plus hours and was charged for only $15!!! What a deal! I don't remember how we got charged that cheap - definitely Happy Hour + VIP discount? LMFAO JK. Well, it was EXTREMELY DEAD that night. Like, we were the only ones there! And we had a good chat with the employees.Honestly, this place has such GORGEOUS rooms AND great selection of songs! This is definitely a stop every time I go to Vegas! :)
5	I love going here, really, I do.  I don't even bother going to any places in California anymore. :D For that reason, every trip to Vegas means a (usually drunken) trip to Karaoke Q! This time around, we ended up maxing out the room.  We stayed there for over THREE hours.  The total (it was a Friday night) came out to $94 (including the Sake!!) - so only less than $10 a person. You really can't beat a price like that! *le sigh* I miss it already.  Until next time, Karaoke Q.
4	A great place to karaoke.  The prices are awesome for a weekday price.  I think it was around $15ish/hour for a medium sized room for us with the 50% off discount.Song selection was kinda poor but the rooms were huge.  I think 10ish people could've fit in the medium sized room.  They have a small TV as well as a projector so it's really cool.  I'd prob visit this place drunk again.  Maybe even sober.
5	The wife, and a couple friends of ours decided to create a new tradition...Christmas Eve 'roke. We considered going to XO as it is our normal spot...but we wanted something closer and different. We arrived at 8pm and it was pretty hopping, maybe half the rooms already filled. We had a group of 7 and fit into a medium room. We were impressed, it was very clean and very hip inside. The staff was super friendly. Once you enter your room, you only need to leave if you need a restroom break. The staff comes to you for all of your food and beverage needs. Our group stuck with sake and soju. The soju was a bit different than we've had before, but it was good and helped fill us all with the holiday cheer. The music selection was great. Lots of classics and tons of new stuff. Our night was filled with ballads, hip hop and classics and a Christmas tune or two. The projection screen was great, large enough for everyone to see, and the flat screen at the back of the room with lyrics was nice as I am short and couldn't see over some of the "dancers" we had in our party. The cheesy music videos were a nice change from the landscape shots we are used to at other 'roke joints. We loved the comfort of the room and how we were frequently checked upon. It was such a nice experience, and we cannot wait to go back.For 7 of us for a little over 5 hours (plus beverages and some food) it was $18 a person. We couldn't have asked for a better Christmas Eve.
4	I've been here once with some friends after we hit the first karaoke place.  It was just one of the nights where no one was ready to go home.  We just kind of ended up at Q around 1:30ish because it's open until 5... although I don't think we left until 6.  To be completely honest, I fell asleep around 3.  My ride was not ready to go.We got rounds of soju-- 4 bottles per pail.  Also, we had some fries; however, we were all there really to sing.  Those that don't really like to sing in public this is the spot for you to just sing in front of your friends.  I think I was having too much fun with the tambourine.  There are alot of cool things you can do with the songs like change the key or octave that it is in.  Also, you have to love the background videos that usually don't really fit the songs to well.  Ah, that makes me miss my home town.  The song list was pretty eclectic.  Viet ballads? Check.  J-pop? Of course.  Korean cartoon theme song? Sure.  Tagalog love song? Why not?  While we're at it, let's through in some Rage Against the Machine for good measure!  This is by far the most diverse list I've seen in awhile.  It's good for those times you need to sing some Pilita Corrales, Sweetbox, Maxwell, and Metallica all in the same session.  Because of the diversity, the depth of the songs for any genre or even really new music is lacking.  Don't fret the karaoke classics are still there.  Sweet Caroline bah bah bah!  As always, if you venture to a place like this with moi, know you will end up singing.  Don't fight the urge.  Just get up and do it.
5	Soju was a buy 2 get one free deal. Pretty good flavored soju. Didn't get the 3rd one free, we were kinda full off the popcorn chicken and fries. (only a party of 5). They said they close at 4 or 5am but said they sometimes stay an hour or two longer depending on customers. I think we left around 6am, lol. We left and they were already starting to clean one of the rooms (whoops, lol). I enjoyed the karaoke and everything. I just wish they had some Filipino songs =P in their books =P.The room was very roomy too :o...
5	We have been going to Karaoke Q Studio pretty regularly for the past 2 years.  I have never had a bad experience.  The staff is great and very helpful.  Great rooms, great songs, great specials, and good food/ & drink.
5	So far, Q is the best private room karaoke I've found in Vegas. Much as I'd like to keep it my secret, Q is really awesome, so I must share. Plus, only reviewing the poor and mediocre businesses is a sure path to idiocracy. Q has such great deals, I don't know how they stay in business. Mon-Thur is half price off room rentals all day. We went on a Thursday and got a medium room (accommodates 6-10 ppl), regular $25/ hr - we got it for $13 an hour. There was also a buy two get one free drink special. We ordered six carafes of yogurt soju at $15 a piece and only paid for four. For three hours in a small room and six carafes of soju, we paid $92 before tip. After tip, it broke down to about $16 per person. What?! For three hours of karaoke?!Down side to Q is that their English song selection isn't great, but is pretty standard for Las Vegas (I think all the Asian-owned karaoke joints get their karaoke systems from the same company). If anyone knows of better karaoke places, please message me. I'll do the recon and review. (Please note that I'm reviewing Q under the standards of private room karaoke, as opposed to bar karaoke. While I do love bar karaoke, it's a different animal all together.) But it looks like they're phasing in a new system. You have to pick either the new system OR the old, you can't have both. The new system looks like they might have a larger selection of English songs, but they're kind of old. If you want to jam down with some Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Maroon 5, go old system. If you want to sing some Pretenders, old Foo Fighters, go with the new. If you hang around long enough, the host will come in, drop a fruit plate, and say, "On the house." They're pretty strict about bringing in outside food or drink. They wouldn't let my friend bring in a boba drink, even though Q doesn't sell boba drinks.
5	Great prices. Huge song selection, and pop songs get updated everytime a new song hits the radio station. I've never eaten there, I only drink and  sing xD Great atmosphere. We had our own little party when we sang along to SHOTS by LMFAO and Lil Jon. There's cameras in each room below the stereo so remember to be as dumb as you can for the viewers! :D
4	Great place to go for karaoke rooms.  They have the magic buttons that bring more booze, and a great selection of classic and new releases in English and Japanese!  You can fit a large amount of people in the rooms, and they are reasonable on prices for rooms and booze.  There is normally a buy two get one free deal on alcohol, which also applies to buckets.  All in all this is a great place to go for a fun night out with friends, especially if you can watch the same 3 or 4 videos over and over again in the background.
5	I come here almost weekly!! That's why you see 5 stars.The location isn't in the greatest of neighborhoods, but that doesn't phase me at all.  It's fun and cheap as well, but we'll get to pricing later.They have private rooms of different sizes: Small, Medium, and Large.  The small room fits up to 5 people.  Any more than that, they'll charge you for a medium room, plus it starts getting uncomfortable.  Medium fits up to 10 people, and it's rather comfortable when there's only a few of you.  The large room is pretty damn large.  It could fit up to 15 people, but I wouldn't recommend going with 15 because that just lessens your mic time.  They also have a VIP room which seats 20.  I've never been in there, but I know they have it.  Lol.The food is a little overpriced, so I'd suggest eating before and after.  They don't allow outside food or beverages including water so don't get caught with it.  Not only will they possibly charge extra, they might refuse service to you next time.  Lol.  O they have a buy two get one free deal with beer.  I don't drink but I know a lot of you do!! Lol.They have a huge song list!! Of course depending on what language you get.  Usually I get the Korean/English which has up-to-date Pop songs, but even with the huge selection, I wish they had more!! Recently, we tried the Tagalog/English book and that has good songs which are not on the Korean one.  I wish we could have both, but the machines are different so they have to switch it out.  They'll let you switch halfway through so I might end up doing that from now on.  Lol.The price of the rooms are hourly, not per person, which is great!! The more people you invite, the cheaper it is for you if you split it evenly.  They have this deal going on that's 50% off from Sunday - Wednesday.  Those are the only times I go.  They accept card but they have to charge at least $10 on it so keep that in mind when splitting amongst your friends.  Lol.Like I said earlier, this isn't in the greatest of neighborhoods, and it's not the cleanest either.  But it's cleaner than most karaoke places here in Vegas.  Lol.I don't know why it took so long for me to write a review on this place.  Maybe it's because I got a huge LESBIAN crush on it!! Suck on that!!! LOL.. (Mean Girls reference).
5	Ever since I've been back home, my coworkers and I have wanted to do a karaoke night. It has taken two and half months, but Karaoke Q has finally garnered our visit and affection!Not only are their discounted rooms an amazing deal in itself (Mon-Thurs half off rooms, Friday & Saturday 20% off rooms), but they have pretty decent drink specials as well - buy two, get one free on all alcohol. Seriously, once you're in the room, all inhibitions are far gone. As an employee was explaining to system to us (pretty neat - huge remote for selecting songs, button on the wall for service), the Korean and Japanese song selection far out-number the English. However, we found plenty to sing from Britney Spears to The Cranberries to the Strokes - with me on the brink of singing out of my Bieber fever (quickly shot down, may I add, to my coworkers' violent protests). With projectors pumping out Korean videos to American songs, my heart was instantly smitten. What's not to love about K-Pop bands in the background while you sing your heart out to 'I Will Always Love You'? That's right, nothing!The rooms are large, comfortably accommodating seven of us initially then ten. The service was very friendly and quick when requested. In total, our three hours in a medium room cost around 39 dollars. Adding in a few bottles of Blue Moon came out to be around 52 dollars. Enough justification to come back next week, in my opinion.
2	Came here with a bunch of my school mates when we were in town for a reunion. We were cramped into a small room -- well, large room, but there were too many of us -- even though we had pre-booked the room.Still, we managed to squeeze in there and cozied ourselves up regardless.I didn't like the fact that there were only 2 mics for 16-18 of us. I mean, seriously? The other thing was, the sound system was HORRIFIC. The sound was just terrible. I've been to many norebangs in California and I thought their sound system was poor, but this one just takes the cake.The service was good though. They were super friendly and nice and accommodating towards us when we ordered bucket after bucket of beer.The other problem with their system was that you couldn't pre-set the songs in so it would be quick and smooth sailing. After each song, it then allows you to punch in the songs. It just wasted a lot of valuable time and the remote control would often not work.Even so, we had a good time, but I'm reviewing the norebang not how much fun I had. I think we would've had fun even if we had packed ourselves into someone's hotel room. As a norebang only the service and beers lived up to standard. The karaoke sound system seriously SUCKED BIG TIME!
5	Singing off cue at Karaoke Q!!  Its the perfect place to act ignorant while singing to the best of the 80's and 90's!  These guys keep their songs updated from this years popular hits to my ol' grandad's jams.  They have private karaoke lounges for all different party sizes with street urban decor.  The prices are decent and the alcohol is affordable.  From beer to soju and fries to fingers.. from English to Japanese and Vietnamese to Filipino.. Q got Karaoke Quality!  After 2 hours of rockin' the mike and downing soju bombs they started throwing us some grub on the house!  The way to a man's "Five Stars" is through his stomach!
5	Amazing price for karaoke. Completely blows California prices out of the water.50% off Mon-Thurs20% off Fri-SatAlcoholic drinks- buy 2 get 1 freeI was in the medium sized room with 8 people including myself, and found it to be a nice fit with a little bit of extra space. The owners/staff are incredibly friendly and considerate. They gave us free fruit because we were there for New Year's Eve/New Year's.The variety of Korean/Japanese songs is incredible. Although most of us had trouble singing the Korean songs, the American songs were fun to sing as well. Though they don't have a big selection of the more recent mainstream songs, Backstreet Boys never fails me. There are a few funny typos here and there, but it's nothing that we can't out sing.There are only two mics, but what the heck, you only need two singers at a time since everyone's capable singing without the mic anyway. The sound system was great, it was seriously loud, maybe a little too loud in the room! I probably had a little hearing loss from that.It was super hot in the room, but it was probably from everyone jumping and singing and getting too excited. I definitely had a good experience here.
5	Cheap private rooms, alcohol specials, and karaoke :) funnnn!
5	Private rooms so I can be Asian and embarrass myself only with family and friends. The song selection is surprisingly modern. I love the John Legend and Usher on here.  I was completely shocked that they had metal here! Once I saw that, this karaoke place became my favorite. They had Megadeth, Pantera, Dream Theater, Iron Maiden, Dio, and various other artists that were awesome. They provide Chex Mix as an added bonus. You can easily go buy your own, but it's nice that they gave it to you in a bowl and stuff. The little things in life :D Half off on weekdays, except Friday, if you're on a budget and still want to have fun.
4	place is cheap.. but only serves beer and soju.. hate soju.. and the mics are kinda shitty..   but price was rite..  so my friends and i enjoyed ourselves..
5	We brought about a dozen people into a private room and had a blast. Try to come up with your first few songs quickly, and then take your time reserving (queuing up) songs since they charge by the hour. There was a lot of Korean music and some Chinese in our group, and I decided to champion the more mainstream US rock with my somewhat butchered renditions of The Killers, Hoobastank, Linkin Park, and Blink-182. Disappointed that they didn't have Green Day, or maybe I just couldn't find the right song, but it's not a big deal because still had way more than enough songs in English. From a first-timer's perspective (aside from karaoke at home), it's a great experience and better than a more "public" karaoke bar.
5	Probably the only karaoke that has updates of songs and the rooms are clean and affordable. If your looking for a good time with friends, this is the best place to go!!! Food like drinks and snacks could be a little cheaper, but then again there are complimentary chex mix and the platters are quite huge.
5	I've been to this place so many times, I've lost count. lolWell recently, I went with my friend who came from Chicago, and it was really great.They changed the layouts a bit from before for the rooms. The mics and the karaoke machine itself is now above the screen so there is more room for dancing in the front so anybody who is brave enough, go for it!  :DThere are more updates on the songs and there are a variety of snacks, and the snacks are free!
4	My friends and I frequent this establishment more often than we should.  I mean, we're Filipino.  If we're not singing at a house party, we have to be getting our Karaoke on somewhere....RIGHT?!  LOL.  All jokes aside, this place is GREAT. Song selections are on point with many selections to choose from and are pretty updated.  Food and drink menu are also good.  They have liquor specials of buy 2 get 1 free! Plus, from Sunday - Thursday, rooms are 25% off, Friday-Saturday are 15% off.  Service is excellent.  Can't get better than that.  Let's GO!!!
4	Oh, the memories that fill my mind from the karaoke rooms inside Q. A group of Asian girls with nothing to do, where do we go? KARAOKE of course! Ironically, no Asian songs were sung, and we strictly stuck to songs sung in English. I went today, and they're holding a 50% off special from Sunday-Thursday. A Small room fits up to 5 people, so for any normal size group, a Medium room shall do! They have songs of Korean, Chinese, and English background. However, there's a good chance, they won't have all of the American songs that you desire, BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN'T HAVE A GOOD TIME! We all have that guilty pleasure song (ahem, Toxic by Britney Spears). The rooms are roomy enough to get your groove on and they also have tambourines for an even better time! Their alcohol is also buy two get one free if you need some extra courage to get up and sing/do yo thang! Great place for a great time! BELT IT!
5	8 people, ~3.5 hrs,1 bucket of hite, ~4 large bottles of yogurt soju- who remembers after a night like that? All for ~18 bucks a person. Add a special staff performance, the convenient location (~3 miles west of the strip), and an up-to-date and huge song selection = great night.If you get bit by the singing bug in Vegas, look no further than Karaoke Q to heal what ails you. GO!
4	So much fun with friends. We came on a saturday night around 1am and sang our hearts out. I will say that drinking soju and eating some rice cake. SEOUL TRAIN is definitely something i haven't seen in person, but did this time around.The songs are really good - popular music totally available! LOVED IT!
4	This place is pretty popular since its draws in a hip crowd (young customers and workers) and the prices aren't too bad. They have English song selections, and some of them are pretty recent. They also have Korean (obviously), Japanese, Tagalog, and Chinese songs. They offer alcoholic drinks and a snack menu. Most of the times each room comes with complimentary snacks, so that's nice. The only annoying thing is that we can't bring our own drinks. I would love to bring my own water since singing for two hours can really hurt my throat, but they would rather you buy their water that costs twice the price I bought my own. Other than that this is the frequent place I go karaoke-ing, number 2 would be the one right across unlv.
5	A noraebang in Las Vegas??? That's the last thing I expected to be doing during my 3 days here, but it ended up being one of the best parts of the trip. There's nothing like singing your heart out until 4 in the morning after a mundane night of clubbing on the strip.Pros:- They're open 24 hrs a day (I think?), so you're free to come sing at any random hour of the night- The song selection is fantastic. K-Pop, J-Pop, Russian oldies, 90s rock, brand new Top 40 hits. They're got it all. The system they use is common to most Korean karaoke places, so it's fairly easy to use. - Drinks and food are plentiful. This seems to be a problem with most karaoke places in California. It's hard to find a place that serves alcohol and/or food, and impossible after 2am. Here, you can drink and eat as much as you want however long you want. Their soju and beer prices are very reasonable and even cheaper than most Korean bars. A couple bottles of Chum-Churum and Hite always results in a great time, especially when done in Seoul Train fashion. We ordered a plate of tteokbokki (rice cake) as well, and that was pretty delicious. It's the perfect snack to go with soju.- If you come in a large group of 10+ people like we did, it's going to end up being really cheap.  For 3 hours of singing + drinks + food, it cost us no more than $10 each. It's hard to beat that kind of price. Con:- We had to wait a bit for our room, but it's understandable considering how many of us there were. The wait wasn't too long, but some people began to fall asleep.Overall, Karaoke Q is perfect if you're visiting and want to get away from the strip. Although we had a local "friend" who I'm not too fond of with us who decided to invite himself, it was still a great time all around. It's not Seoul, but it comes very close.
5	I have been to Q Studio about six or seven times, mostly before I had a smartphone, and have never been disappointed!  This is such a great place to take karaoke beginners and veterans.  The private room makes everyone feel awesome and comfortable.  My wife has never sang anywhere besides this place.The rooms are very spacious and pretty inexpensive, especially when you split the price amongst a big group of people.  They charge an hourly rate and always seem to have specials.  So much so that I wonder why they have a real priced menu at all.  I believe Fri-Sun is half priced rooms for a certain amount of time.  Once you get to your room they really set you up.  There's a buzzer by the door for whenever you need food or drinks.  They have multiple books in each room for you and your friends to look at.  You choose your song, key it in, and start belting.  Two mics in each room for all the duets your significant other will want to do.I've been to a few birthday parties here and a few times just for fun. If you're looking for something cheap and incredibly fun to do with some friends on the weekend, this is a great spot to do it!
4	The whole experience from booking a room to leaving after a fun Saturday night with a sore throat after screeching was all so seamless. I had booked a large VIP room for a friends' birthday a week or so before the event. The booking process over the phone was clear and easy. They confirmed our booking a few hours before the event by calling us.When we arrived, we were given a pick of a room which suited our needs. We picked a regular room (had about 15 people off an on). Worked nicely. They serve wine, Sake and beer. There is also some finger foods available for order (I wouldn't bother). The rooms are nicely sound-proofed, the songs we wanted were all available, the technology was dependable and most importantly, the service was impeccable. The cost for a medium room on a Saturday night is around 35 dollars/hour which I thought was pretty reasonable for entertainment for so many people. Again, the service provided was top notch. The only reason this is not a 5 star is the music videos. Imagine singing "It's Your Bday - 50cent" and "Brown Eyed Girl" to a video of a bunch of Asian dudes/chicks dancing around in Ninja/Sci-fi outfits. Surreal.
5	This place is AWESOME!! Bring a BIG group and its even more fun and cheaper a person! It's like a night club in there! Those oppas were playing the music so loud in the lobby. Their selections of songs were really good! I didn't like thier Korean section that much because they were too old...like H.O.T., I didn't know about Korean music in 1997 LOL so I didn't know any of the songs! I wanted some music from 2010-to now cause I know those! Anyways, COME HERE! SOOOOO FUNNNNN!!
3	I was pretty stoked to learn this place actually has private rooms.  It was a relief knowing that I would not have to down 5 shots of Patron before getting comfortable with the crowd (my group). They had a huge binder full of Spanish classics, which is a huge PLUS! Except, the videos playing on the screens were all Korean videos with no relation whatsoever to music that was playing :-/The ladies room was a pain in the rear to access. They have 3 stalls and bathroom is tiny! I was there on a Friday night and line was out the door. Sucked it up and just hoped my bladder would not rupture! Overall, had a blast! Can't wait to go back but next time with the fam!
3	Came here 2 nights in a row . First night with a small group so we got a small room and the second night with a large group hence the large room. The large room is...large LOL. Gotta love the huge murals of 2pac and Biggie as soon as you walk in. They give you complimentary veggie chips that are bomb af. The workers are chill, kinda hard trying to converse with some of them but it;s all good. I did leave my ID here though and the guy I spoke with said he would send it in the mail.. 1 month later I still don't have my I.D back. That's why they get 3/5
5	We had so much fun here for my friends birthday and we still go there every time we possibly can! I love how cute and adorable and friendly the staff is and the prices are unbeatable. They have a really good selection of music and the rooms are always nice and comfortable!
4	Some people choose to go to after party at another nearby club.  Some will end up on the streets wishing they hadn't taken those last few shots of Captain Morgan.  But if you're up for a late night adventure and you're with a crowd of locals and Asians, best believe that Karaoke Q is the place to be.My friends and I will always end up finding our way back to Karaoke Q.  Not only is this place cheap, but you can find yourself in a large private room with two mics and a projector for you to sing the lyrics off of.They have an awesome selection to choose from, and you are more than welcome to get your fix of Top 40 and K-Pop right here in Vegas.On our last adventure, we had a group of 15 and needed a spot at 1AM.  While there weren't any rooms initially, they offered us a free 'upgrade' to the VIP room for the same price if we were able to wait it out.  We did, and we reaped the benefits.  We had so much space in the room we had our own little dance party in the front.Cocktails and food here are affordable, and the service is quick.A must-try: SEOUL TRAIN.  Gear up some shots of plain soju and half a glass of beer.  Line the shots on top domino style, and when you tip the first glass over, the rest will fall in a furious bliss to make an excellent drink.  Sober or not, this is a must!  (courtesy of Dmitriy S.)Free parking is plentiful and should not pose any problems.  Happy karaoking!
4	I can't remember very much from when i was here so I can't write a very detailed review however I do remember the room we were in was very big and had a huge table and of course big screen for the karaokeeeee singers and it was FUN.
4	I must've been in a very strange mood last night to even come to a karaoke place. I'm the faux Asian who doesn't eat rice or do karaoke but I was there to be with a great group of friends.  They were pretty busy for a week night probably because karaoke rooms are 25% off from Sunday to Thursday. We had a group of 8 so we got a medium room (fits up to 10 people).Soju was buy 2, get 1 free! I must say their flavored soju were pretty strong compared to the "B" place on Spring Mountain. They don't serve hard liquor other than regular soju.  Service was great. We press the button to call for a server and he was there in a few seconds...every single time!  Like a karaoke genie (what?).After a few shots of soju...holy Spice Girls (and Oasis...I like Brits apparently)! I sang a few songs but I ended up having such a great time. I was amongst good friends, I had no shame...especially in a private room. The rooms were well-insulated and people from other rooms couldn't hear us being loud and we couldn't hear them either.  They have newer songs on their list too but some people in the group wanted more of the old typical karaoke songs/singers/bands i.e. Journey...and I forgot what else.Good times...
5	I'll start off saying that I don't like karaoke, and I don't typically sing LOL.Reason why I am rating it so high, is because I have been dragged out to many a karaoke bar, and this one was easily the best I've been to so far.First off, it is clean.  Most of the time, these poorly lit up private rooms make me feel like something is going to crawl up my leg, or expect my pants to stick to the sofa when I stand up.  This place was actually pretty comfortable and seemed taken care of well by staff.Speaking of staff, service here is fast.  Ring the doorbell, and we had someone in our room within a few seconds.  When we ordered drinks, they came quickly.  They were friendly, knew enough English to communicate LOL, and were efficient.Speaking of drinks, the prices here are cheap!  Their house soju is BOGO, so at $15 for two large bottles, it is a great value.  It is also a little less sweet here, which is a good thing...probably a little heavier hand which is always nice!  All other drinks were buy two get one free...beers, etc...just no hard liquor except Soju.And lastly, the room itself was 25% off since it was a Sun-Thur, so our room was around $15 for a party up to 10.  That's practically nothing after you split it up between your whole party, so you guys should be able to have fun and not break the bank!
5	Amazeballs! I am not one to seek out karaoke, but for some strange reason I was up for it on my birthday. A group of fifteen people from work rampaged the private rooms after a few drinks and were delighted to see that they served alcohol here. Three hours, six buckets of beers, and two large servings of sake we come out to a bill of $135. I consider it an inexpensive night when divided up. It definitely helps to go in the middle of the week because of their discounts on rooms and alcohol. The only thing I would ask for next time is the all English book. Their mix of Chinese, Korean, Tagalog, and English book is severely lacking for how many predominantly English speaking people in our room. It just ended with two of us singing Coldplay until we got the microphones taken away from us...Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry You don't know how lovely you are I had to find you, tell you I need you Tell you I set you apartYou mean that is not how you set the mood for the night?
4	loved the placecan't really write the review about how fair the pricing is cause i don't know..i loved the individual rooms for privacy reasonsmy only complaint is that sometimes the random background view is distracting when singing. and some of the songs the tune is slightly different from the original the staff is very helpful & sweet. i had an awesome time because i didn't realize i was there for about 3 hours lolsome other group supposedly stayed for 10 hrs!
4	The song selection is fun, wish they had more new things. The videos they play as you sing the songs are weird Asian pop videos and some are kind of disturbing. Like I was singing a happy upbeat song and there was a girl getting jumped by a gang on the screen and then a martial arts fight broke out! What? I'm just trying to sing NSYNC man! But the drinks and food were plentiful and we got free French fries which were very delicious.
2	Ghetto!Majority of the karaokes are pretty okay with updating the latest songs. This place is a little odd. They have a couple new songs and the rest are pretty old. All the "good" songs you expect to sing at a karaoke are not found here. The microphones are all dented and busted up so the quality of your voice doesn't even sound like you. The table was really sticky probably from the people before us spilling soju all over the place. I like the fact that they use a projector as the main screen but didn't like the fact that it was all the way in the corner of the room rather than in the center and had wires hanging down from the ceiling. Literally! I honestly would have rather went to a karaoke where you sing in front of hundreds of people and embarrass myself than to go here and not have a good time at all. We left within the first hour. Only thing that was good was they have buy one get one free alcohol deals.
5	Love this place! The service here is awesome!! The manager there is awesome (Joseph) The system is off the hook! And they plays edm music there haha
5	We walked in ready to sing our hearts out, and we walked out four or five hours later with hoarse voices (singing our fair share of Linkin Park songs, can you understand why the hoarse voices, now), our bellies full of soju (deals!)and free bottled waters upon exiting (so nice of them). It was a goooood night.This place, I felt, even outdid one of my favorite spots back at home (Hawaii) for karaoke and soju! Never thought I would ever say that! We didn't order too much food or pupus in comparison to the amount of soju we got. Buy two get one free, so it was guaranteed that we would get the largest pitcher of mixed soju. We chose lychee, strawberry and some other things I don't recall too well. Lychee was right on the money and I would call myself a true lychee connoisseur and strawberry was fresh strawberry tasting. We ended up waiting for a slight moment to get a room, and the staff was very apologetic for the very brief wait even though it was no problem at all. We ended up getting upgraded to the biggest room they got for the 5 of us, without having to pay since they were short rooms. We just had to pay the cost of a regular room. The place was spacious, clean, and no sticky tables. Once again, I cannot stress how nice and friendly they were. The overhead projectors made for a smart way for the lyrics and video to show, and the tv at the back at the room made it easy to have friends sing directly to you (think as if you are a real singer singing to the audience)... Our audience was 4 people, ha. The price was not bad. 140 something dollars with the food, 4 (+2 free) pitchers of mixed soju and the hours spent there exhausting all Linkin Park songs till we sang um all. I'd call that some deals.  If I ever happen to wind up nearby or in the state, I intend on making it a point to end up here again!
5	Amazing service, awesome song selection, better than the norebang places in OC! I wish I could come here every weekend!We found Girls Aloud (which we've never seen in a norebang joint), tons of Fleetwood Mac (also sadly missing from many catalogs) and plenty of newer songs. There are several (and I do mean several) song books, so ask for them.We originally got the VIP room (for a group of four) because it was the only room available; however when a smaller one became available we were moved. The host was considerate enough to save us money. (It paid off because we bought tons of soju.)The flavored sojus are so good; we got pretty messed up. We got little mini corn dogs for free, some veggie straw things -- it was really nice to get some free stuff.I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Went to Q last weekend for a little birthday gathering and had a BLAST~!!!!!!!!!!!!They still had their buy 2 get 1 free promo (it has to be the same type of alcohol, no mix & match) We tried the yuzu, lychee & mango flavored sojus... Mango was the favorite!!! We also got 3 beers (they only have small sizes) & a bottle of soju~!!! They had pretty updated songs.. the books kind of took some getting used to because they were arranged by artists and not song titles but it's allll good! We also tried the spicy rice cake (ddukboki,) popcorn chicken & mini corndogs which were all delicious and perfect to munch on! The service was ON POINT and special thanks to the manager who was so so NICE ;]]]They will be opening their own barstraunt next door which will probably give Soyo a run for their money~ OH & I was wrong, they don't have cameras in the rooms.. I guess I imagined that when I was hammered singing Alejandro last time ahhahahaaHOT TIP: Don't forget to check in and get a free water... AYCE dum dums up front hehehe
5	Q has to be my favorite karaoke location! There's a very nice selection of songs in different languages, mainly asian. Me and my friends always request korean, japanese, filipino and english. We end up staying for 3 to 4 hours, singing and eating the delicious snacks and drinking soju. Great stuff!Nothing much else to say, Great service, it's clean and comfortable, Just have fun and you'll be leaving happy.
4	I was once asked "LJ do you karaoke?" Do I karaoke!? LOL Please. Of course I do. Just don't pass that mic my way at least until after I get that liquid courage into my body.I'm a big fan of everything about Karaoke Q Studio. Spacious rooms with nice large tables for plenty of drinks, foods, and the occasional table dancing.  Reasonably priced rooms.  Their seats are large and comfy that I almost fell asleep after all the booze. They had an awesome deal on their Sojo and other alcohol last time there, check the board in the lobby area, it was CHEAP. The food they served was surprisingly excellent, a lot better than what I would have expected from a karaoke place.Yell at the top of your lungs who cares if your good or bad at singing the rooms hold most of the sound inside. Get all wild and crazy. Ring the bell when you need more drinks and foods. They're fast at getting what you need. You need more drinks? Ring. You hungry? Ring. Need more people? Just invite other people over to your room. The remote for selecting your songs are complicated to use, at least it was for me. So many different buttons that did something. Ask for help or just press a bunch of buttons until it plays a song.  Who cares if it's not your song? Sing it.It's located in a busy plaza so parking can be terrible. I almost gave up on parking after zigzagging through the parking lot.
4	The service is always good, servers are very attentive and are on that call light button!Pricing is decent. I always have a fun time coming here with my friends and family.The song selection is updated.
5	Going there many times. The place is huge and clean. I love to go there especially not just to sing. But to drink, eat and have fun. They got surprisingly good food and desserts. Yogurt alcohol there is awesome very smooth and tasty :)
4	Fun times with friends after a weekend trip to Las Vegas! We came here to enjoy our friends birthday and was greeted by fun hosts. We did soju shots and our waiter would come in and take a shot with us. A lively atmosphere with a good selection of songs.
5	Came here on a Friday night with a group of 9 friends. We were greeted by the host who had a fantastic personality, he was extremely helpful and friendly. The room was clean and spacious. I think we stayed an hour And a half and paid $65 dollars, so give or take $10 per person, not too bad. They had a wide selection of music including English, Spanish, and Chinese. I would have preferred variety of new music but what they had decent. Overall I had a great time w/friends and no hassle from the staff.
4	They have all the songs I want to sing, except there aren't any new songs.  I like there food.  Really good.  And they got some good deals.  If you buy a lot of food or drinks they will give you a discount.   Also if you have a group of 5 or more people you get 50% off your bill. I just recently had a free drink because I check-in on Yelp and show the waitress.  If my friend invites me again there,  I would go back.
5	Fine vibe, cheap drinks, awesome karaoke rooms. Nothing bad about this place, except you might get caught up having fun and not notice that the sun has already come up!
5	Went here with my sister and my cousin on a Wednesday night. The staff are nice. They have a little bar at the front. They have lots of rooms (you get your own rooms to sing your hearts out in), also VIP rooms. Bathrooms are clean. I like how they also give you three different books sorted by artist, song title, etc. They have a mixture of asian and american songs. You can adjust the songs from the remote control. We ordered one of their pizza and it was delicious! Also we went on their happy hour block promo so we got our first hour for only $10. We had a great time and will come back again!
2	A group of us stopped by Q Studio after a delicious dinner at Echo & Rig.  It was dark with music thumping, neon lights stringed at different areas.  There is also painting of Tupac, Biggie, and Snoop.  Looks like they are still trying to figure out their identity. The room had a weird smell to it.  It was kind of dirty.  Though there are a variety of songs in different language to chose from, I could not find any songs that I want to sing (or try to sing).  There were three binders of music, and they were all different.  It would be more convenient if all the songs were in one binder, and there were three binders so that a big group can filter through. We all used our check in offer to get a bottle of H2O.  They also provided us with a bowl of veggie stix.  It was untouched.And the videos are the worst part.  Regardless of what song you chose to sing, you are bound to see the same video behind those lyrics.   Not cool.Overall, the staff is friendly but due to the many cons, I don't believe I will return.
5	Let me just say this place was excellent ~^^ great place to go when you are tired of the strip.  Pricing:Excellent considering I'm from cali and the karaoke pricing is ridiculous! The pricing is reasonable $17 per hour for the small room compared to $35 an hour in cali. And they had specials on soju.Karaoke room:Clean. Good room for dancing and singing. Like the projecter on the wall and the other tv monitor as well.Service:Great! They were very respectful and accommodating compared to those in socal. David and Antonio were polite, greeted well, and taken cared of. Thumbs up to them!Definitely will come back ! Cause I love karaoking! Noraebang! Came back a week later for another visit to vegas and came back!
3	I've been here previously times and I'm not that big of a fan. I don't like karaoke for one thing, but that's besides the point.The room we were in had really bad feedback on the mic. It kept interfering and causing that awful "buzz" noise. Plus the location of the machine was just above when you see what numbers you entered so you either have to have good eye sight OR you have to get up close to make sure you entered the right number.The songs itself are pretty updated. You can even request for a Spanish book as well. They have a menu for ordering drinks and saw they had a promotion on their alcohol so follow up with that if you're interested. They don't allow outside foods or drinks.If you check in through Yelp you will get a free sake bottle. Just show one of the workers and they will follow up with ID checking. The only problem with that coupon is it is misleading. It says PER PERSON not per party so after I redeemed mine I told my friend to do it as well. She had shown the worker and had already clicked on redeemed. The worker said they allow one per party because if everyone redeemed it we would have 20 free bottles of sake. He later added on that they were meaning to change that coupon, but will honor it for now since she already redeemed it.All in all, this place isn't bad to go if you don't mind singing your hearts out while getting drunk.
5	We're all aware of the glitz, sin, and overall tempestuous nature of the Strip in Las Vegas. There are so many shows to watch, restaurants to be gluttonous at, and tables for money to be lost. But ever find yourself leaving a concert, like Boyz II Men at The Mirage, and have that groove, Motown Philly feeling reverberating through your whole body and soul?! Where you can no longer simply walk down the neon filled streets without your feet needing to tap and the tremble of notes urging to be spilled from your throat? If that's the case, hop into your cab/car/bike/tut-tut and head over to Chinatown just 4 miles away from the Strip to Karaoke Q Studio.Deco: 5 starsThis place is found in a shopping plaza 4 miles away (about a $20 cab ride at night from the Strip) and doesn't seem like much from the outside, but the moment you walk inside, your ears and eyes are infiltrated by as much bass and darkness as any nightclub on the Strip. Signs advertising specials such as 2 for 1 sake deals are lighting up on clear signs reflecting ever changing neon glows. The walls are tagged up with graffiti frescoes of famous artists such as Tupac & Biggie Smalls. The air is clean, the furniture is fresh, and the atmosphere is alive. These are all the elements that welcome the beat thumping in your chest, ready to explode.Rooms: 5 starsThe room selections they have are small, medium, and large and they're all LIES! The rooms are much bigger than you would expect. Although it says 5 people for a small room, without a doubt you could fit an extra two for that intimate feel. The rooms are also lit with disco balls, laser lights, and a sound system with as much bass as the subwoffer in a low rider. They take great care in cleaning out the rooms after each use and with extra napkins, two mics, and a tambourine, you're ready to party!Food: 5 starsHonestly, the food should probably be getting 4 stars but with the convenience of a full kitchen connected to this karaoke, you have the best of both worlds in this karaoke bar. You can get drinks, you get delicious Korean bar food like Korean fried chicken, ome rice, and donkatsu and all without ever leaving your room. The food is flavorful, crisp, and delicious. At least the Korean fried chicken was. Get it!Service: 4 starsThe service here was very good. Perhaps it helped being Korean or perhaps they're always this friendly, but even with a busy list of people coming in to sing their night out, the wait wasn't too bad and service told us he'd call us when a room opened. Having some time to kill, my party and I took a hop, skip, and a leap next door to the bistro and had some tasty treats before heading back. Answered any questions we had and very hospitable. Even called us a taxi at the end of the night.Price: 5 starsWith Las Vegas just a few miles away, you would expect the pricing to be quite high, but with a small room starting off at simply $17 on a weekend and $15 during the week, you won't be breaking any banks, or breaking into any banks for that matter, to pay for your visit here. You can simply enjoy your time and go buck wild for hours and hours!ConclusionMost people will never talk about a must go place off the Strip but Karaoke Q Bistro is a MUST for anyone who loves music, singing, and having fun. Your party can dance, sing, feast, and still have money for the slots later on during your stay in Las Vegas. So, find a great group of friends, get yourselves pumped, and go crazy at Karaoke Q Bistro. It's one night you'll have no hangover regrets over.*P.S.: You also get a free small sake when you check in so don't forget to check in!*
5	Regulars here! Great place to let loose with your friends. Rates are decent and the service is on point too! Ask for Antonio, very friendly and excellent service for sure! Definitely the spot to karaoke in Vegas!
5	Antonio and his team are great! Great customer service and friendly staff! Love coming here every weekend! Great place to have a fun night anytime!
5	Best place ever ! Suju!!!! Ask for Antonio, he on the hook up up !!!!!!!! Friday night life, be here or be square lol
1	Workers here and very smug and dont represent the business well. Like the rooms and selection of songs but cant get over how rude the workers are.
5	Great place, really attentive when you need something and good selection of songs. I'd recommend coming here for some fun!
4	One of the, like what, two? maybe three karaoke locations in the valley? Aside from this place, there is like Aqua (overpriced), forbes (when its open and definitely overpriced), and XO by UNLV (old...)? This is one of the "best" central locations that widely popular for karaoke needs. They have a variety of rooms available ranging from Small to Large and the VIP (x-large essentially). Prices are decent, especially when split with people. Big selection for ENGLISH and KOREAN music. Old selections for Chinese. So you can kind of tell what kind of audience/clients they get. They recently upgraded their system again but still limited selection but VERY up to date on music (includes recent album releases and movie OSTs like SNSD's Mr Mr or 2ne1's Crush to like Let it Go or Do you want to build a snowman from Frozen)HUGE selection of food now as well as their drink menu. They've been having an on-going special of buy 2 get 1 free for flavored soju. Yum :P
5	Best karaoke in Las Vegas. Great food and drink specials. Can't go bad. Great selection.
5	Had a great time and the service was awesome! I would recommend this place.
5	Awesome in everyway. Karaoke Is awesome and so is SOJU !!!!!!! Antonio knows how to get the party started. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good time :)
5	When I was in town in Las Vegas a few days ago I've been wanting to go to a Korean style karaoke place ( noraebang). After reading some of the reviews about this place I decided to bring my cousins here so that we could have our singing fix for the night. Came here on Sunday night (4/27) and stayed until almost 2am. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING EXPERIENCE! We all had so much fun singing and drinking.For those well known about the Korean karaoke machines: One of the ladies told me that the Kumyoung machines have been recently replaced and updated with TJ media's machines (S60 model I believe), and now songs are very much up to date. My cousins had their share of singing a wide list of English songs including R&B, as well as me singing the latest and hottest K-Pop songs.I would DEFINITELY go to Karaoke Q Studio again when I come back to town in a couple of months, and HIGHLY recommend going to Karaoke Q with your friends.PRO TIP: those using iPhones or Android phones can download the zillersong app (search: zillersong) and be able to search for songs by artist or song title along with their corresponding song number more easily (as opposed to looking through the 1 or 2 song books provided while others are looking through it). Please note if you're wanting to search for K-Pop songs on the app it would be helpful to type the songs or artists in hangul.
5	This place is a gem!!!! Awesome place minutes from the strip and helpful and friendly staff. I am definatly going to bring my parties and family here. I want to work here part time. What an undercover gem!!!!!!
5	My go-to karaoke place in Las Vegas! This is the cleanest one in all of Vegas and they just upgraded their sound systems so it's really the best. You can also order Korean food from Q Bistro next door which is a plus. The staff is super friendly and we always have a great time here.
5	Since moving to Vegas last year me and my friends have found our favorite spot. We go at least twice a month. Justin always shows us much love and the service here is incredible. He always checks on us to make sure we're having a great time.Tony is awesome too!! Great staffSo far It's been my favorite place in Vegas.You can get a private room, order alcohol specials, order food! Updated music, cool atmosphere.
5	I go here every time my friends and I want to drink and sing. Our group usually ranges from 10-20 people. The rooms are very spacious. Antonio (one of the managers) is so hilarious. The service is defiantly up to par. Their music selection is up to date and current. If you wanna go hit up the Chinatown scene to karaoke go here!
4	This place is a definite fun time. If you wanna sing your heart out or even just dance your butt of and rock on for a tiny price, these rooms are very spacious and can fit a big group of people. My friends and I love doing random things and this was a cool spot that's open late. When you walk in you immediately see disco lights and blasting loud music which just made me wanna dance. They have big and small rooms with surround sound. The rooms have lights and a tambourine to add a little spunk to the songs. The songs are very updated and they have huge books full of so many options! You can be a super star for the night. I also ordered a hite and it was $4 for a small bottle so I feel like the bar and food might be on the pricier side but hey it's okay when you're having fun.
5	Cool place, this is where I go for all my karaoke needs.  Bathroom is also almost always clean and rooms are properly ventilated. They have all my fav English music and they have little disco balls in the room.  They also have an open area for everyone else that is too cheap to get a room.
4	My first time here and I have to say I was quite surprised how nice it was on the inside. Customer service was excellent and very attentive. Music selection was huge and up to date plus the rooms are nice. Definitely coming here for my karaoke fix.
5	This place is the fucking business. Dont have anywhere to go? Come here. Have somewhere else to go? Fuck that place, come here.
5	This place is pretty cool. Tons of music, awesome food, and the soju is awesome.I'm writing this review to get me some free sake. :)
5	Great service with a great variety of music. The music choices are updated and there are plenty to choose from. The food is also very good. I recommend the pork belly and fries. They are both delicious and very fresh. Again, great service for a great price!
5	I'm here again. And once again this place rocks. I love how it's always consistent with great service and updated music. The food is great and the alcohol is awesome. Once again five stars
4	A great idea! Personal karaoke booths? Embarrass yourself with no one watching? Waaaaiiit, don't forget about the liquid courage they also offer! What's not to like? They rent rooms by the hour, which makes me wonder what this place was originally built for, but we won't go there. They have a huge selection of songs, and a variety of different bites. I was there for a 12year old's birthday, so I did not get to experience some of the unique menu items like the Buldogi pizza, or spicy beef noodle soup. However, I have high hopes that they know what they're doing in the food dept. If not, get drunk and order fried foods! I am not an artist of any sort, especially music. But I still had a blast watching everyone else do it. So even if this isn't your thing, it's worth a shot. I am determained to get up and kill some ear drums next time around!
3	It's cool I like to sing my heart out from time to time. You can get a private room so it's good if you're shy.
5	Out of all of the karaoke places that I have been to, this place has the best service, ambience, and song list anywhere in Vegas! If you come in make sure to ask for Antonio and he will always take care of you!
5	Been here a few times now and every single time, without fail, I have received exceptional service. Not only is the staff amazing, but the constant update in song choices makes it stand out from every karaoke place I've been. Not to mention the food and alcohol is awesome!
5	Awesome place to host parties or just to hang out with friends. Ask for Antonio he is really nice.
5	Friend was in town, so we had to have an awesome time and karaoke Q did not disappoint!! Been to a few karaoke places, food was good so I knew it was gonna be a good night. Great service, and great selection. Asian songs as well as English songs, something for everything for sure, definitely comin back
5	After reading reviews I decided to give this place a try. I have found a new karaoke hangout! Nice place, music playing in lobby, private rooms are clean and nice. Food is good, great presentation, I think the portions of the appetizers are big for a karaoke place and food came quick. They have small and medium rooms for walk in customer and for groups of 15+ you can RSVP the VIP and Larger rooms.
5	This place is the best karaoke I have been to in years, I have not seen a song list or service like this in forever. It is the BEST!
5	Claire is amazing!!!  Customer service is above and beyond and helped make my friends bday unforgettable!!!  DO NOT overlook this place!!!  Take a cab, have the soju, meet the AMAZING employees, sample the fantastic food, and get ready to have the time of your FREAKING LIFE!!!!
5	Thanks karaoke q. I love the private rooms. There staff is very friendly and fast! There food is awesome too. I also love there 2 for one sake specials! You go karaoke q
4	Q is always a fun place for karaoke , they have different size rooms to accommodate various group sizes. The rooms are nice and they have party mood lighting that is spazzy that gets me into the karaoke mood. Music is ear deafeningly loud but its fine. The only problem I have with the place is that the cordless microphone seem to periodically keep unsyncing but the staff was very friendly and helpful with this problem .As for price it is super cheap we stayed about 3-4 hours in a large room and got yogurt soju, beer and snacks and we only paid about 16 per person split among 10 of us . The people there are friendly food service and music is good , only downfall is the mic connection . Screws up my groove. :(
5	First time karaoke-ing in Vegas and we landed in this spot! It's an awesome place for groups because the rooms are large enough. They have happy hour from 6-9pm sun - thur! Lots of songs to choose from. The staff is friendly and very helpful. Location isn't hard to find. I would go here again.
5	It is my first time going to a karaoke joint in Vegas and I must say that I am very pleased. They have a lot of recent songs like All Of Me - John Legend, Let it Go from Frozen, and etc. The atmosphere is chill. If you check-in you get a free shaved ice which is awesome! Even if you go with a small group of friends they have nice rooms and the staff is very friendly. My friends & I got a room right away. I will definitely come back here again and tell my friends about it! :)
5	First time here and love it already! Friendly staff and really updated list of songs! Also rooms are clean and spacious. Definitely coming back whenever I'm in Vegas. Oh and definitely recommend coming during happy hour!
5	I love coming here for karaoke! The selection is huge with songs in variations of different languages. This place definitely is one of my favorites!
5	I love this place! The songs are updated and cool place to hang out. Tons of music and great selections of food! Im totally coming back!! 5 stars man!!
5	I love the ambience of the place. Each room is really clean. The service is amazing. Everyone is so hospitable. I love the food also. The songbook is up to date.
5	The best karaoke spot in Vegas! Sake sou is the bomb. No other karaoke place beats this spot! Perfect service and food and drinks.
5	First time being there an it was awesome.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  It's a simple but fun place. The karaoke rooms are small but it's cool because you share them with friends and not strangers.
5	This is our first time here and I must say... We are LOVING it so far!  As soon as I walked in, I knew I would like this place.  The party mix that the guys are playing in the front is OLD SCHOOL and I love it!  The wait for a room was not long at all.  The manager was very helpful and friendly.  Needless to say, my party and I are having a great time!
5	Great place to having a girls night out in Vegas! The only way to start/end your night is karaoke with friends/family! Great service...great location...cool staff!
5	Visited from out of town and the manager made us feel very welcomed and comfortable.  Prices are reasonable and the food is amazing!  Try their pork belly plate and Margarita soju! Service was superb! Thanks for the great time!
5	YAAAS my new fave place!!! always has current songs and awesome stuff and discounts going on!!! the staff are friendly antonio is my fave yaaas bae i get so turnt here i am turnt as i write not alcohol turnt tho bc im underage so i come here all the time. this is my fave place in vegas!!! SLAY ME!!!
5	My friends and I absolutely love this place! Whether it's a special event or just any day of the week,  we come here all the time. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious. They give you veggie stix and dum dum lollipops for free.
5	Awesome karaoke experience, the employee was extremely nice and helpful. It was our first time, he helped show how to use the machines and we were given free snacks. Also they had great deals on the price of the karaoke room. Cheaper than California karaoke places. But the Kpop songs in the book are not in romanization alphabet so i think it is good to know how to find your kpop song by hangul..but the workers can help you too of course.  :-)
4	Every time I come here, I always have a blast! This is a great place to go to have fun and relieve some stress from work. I'm glad that they updated the song list and have it a little makeover so it's easier to navigate through. Bring more people, the more people the cheaper the bill will be!
5	Best place to sing your heart out in vegas! The soju flavors are awesome as well! Antonino takes care of you.
5	I'm not big on karaoke, but this place is really amazing. The service is awesome! The manager's name is Antonio and he is super nice and accommodating. I highly recommend coming here!
5	This isn't my first time here but it's been really fun always. I want to make sure everyone knows that if they ever want to drink soju and meet some great people this is the place to go to. I'm pretty drunk righty now but that's just bedside that just means I having a good time
5	I would have to say this is my most favorite karaoke place in Vegas. I am new to town and been to other karaokes . So far, this one has the best customer service. The manger Antonio was extremely friendly and funny. The sound quality was exceptional. There is nothing that I can complain about. Oh and you gotta try that margaritas  soju, unbelievably!!
5	This is such a fun place to just let loose and have fun singing. The service is good, drinks and food are great and the song selection is awesome. Definitely the best. Be sure to call ahead to see what rooms are open
4	I had an awesome girls night out at Q Studio.  They had great customer service and the music selection was decent.  I recommend the Sweet Potato pizza...YUMMM.
5	This studio is an amazing place to spend an evening with friends. The staff offers first class service. It offers a fun, trendy and interactive environment where you can expect to have a blast while not spending too much money.
4	Amazing ! Spent my 21st birthday here it was so much fun ! The staff is very friendly and the music selection was great !
5	What a gem! Best karaoke place in Vegas! Clean establishment, friendly staff, great prices, and best song selections! We always get the pork belly to eat. We always come for happy hour. We also enjoy the cute little mic "shower caps" that they use to keep it sanitary. Check it out!
5	I love it here. This is the only karaoke place my friends and I go to now. The staff is super friendly. The food is great, and their prices are amazing!
5	Had Bachelorette party here and had an amazing time! This is a must go place for any occasion!
5	Bachelorette party. They were amazing. Accommodating, nice, and thoughtful. Gave us free food as well.
5	Awesome rooms! Awesome food! Awesome specials! Awesome staff! If you haven't been, definitely check this place out! Seriously guys, it's.... Wait for it.... AWESOME!
5	Great place for groups its cheap and it has an awesome song selection! Definitely recommend you come check this place out.
5	There are only a few times when I want to immediately get on my phone and leave a review, this being one of them! Everything about this place is AWESOME! The rooms are spacious and clean. The music selection is extensive, with both old & new music and everything in between. There are tons of specials and the service is superb. I must add that Justin took care of us for the night and his humor & hospitality was definitely one of the highlights!We will definitely be back for more late night karaoke very, very soon!!
5	Cheers! Awesome place! Anytime I am in Vegas... This is the place to be. Antonio is awesome!
5	This place is fantastic for a weekend night!! Private karaoke rooms drinks and the Korean BBQ place next door will bring you food if you get hungry and wanna order into your room. Prices are very reasonable!!
5	Delicious food, fantastic rooms and amazing drinks! This is definitely my favorite karaoke spot in town. If you haven't checked it out yet, I definitely suggest giving it a try!
5	This is a great place to go with friends to karaoke! It has great drinks, food and private rooms that are great for groups of all sizes. Antonio is very friendly and makes site you have a great experience! I highly recommend coming here for a great night out.
5	Whoooooooooooooooooo parrrrrrtttaaayyyyyyyyy!!!! Best karaoke spot in town! ;P They have updated songs! So excited to sing Let it go and do you want to build a snowman from frozen! LOLOLOLNew bistro opened up next door.Great drink specialsAwesome service!Parking sucks in this shopping center but oh well....They gave us veggie chips while we waited and the front area has great music. ok now I want my shaved ice!
5	First timer over here. I've been to a couple karaoke places before in Hawaii and Las Vegas, and this place is one of my favorites. Service: They actually service you like they are here to help you and not hating their life's. They have a button in each room that you can press and the employees can come in and help you place a order, get food, or help with anything. The worker's name was Jacob and he was pretty friendly. Environment: It's pretty roomy and has good music playing in the front. The area is clean and is maintained. Music selection: All latest hits.Food: I ordered the calamari and got their ice cream and the presentation is on point. And of course, it tasted bomb!
1	Horrible experience with staff. Over charge and false advertisement on free sake per person. Mic's almost dead and breaks in and out through songs. Staff insisted of leaving tip when it's optional from customers.
3	Awesome place with great happy hour prices. Large clean rooms.  But they try to over charge.  And they ask for tip....what's up with that.
5	This place is like Disneyland for my karaoke inside parts! Drinks, loud music, a fuckkin tambourine bruh!?!? Say wwhaaaaa I am all in!!!
5	Great experience, friendly staff, never seen such a cool place like this. You have to go to a karaoke bar like this. This is a definite stop in Las Vegas! Prices are very reasonable and lots of choices for food and alcohol. The rooms are very comfortable and it's a great time to have with your co-workers or friends. Can't wait to come back.
5	Woooooooooohhhhhhhhh ! Awesome for groups ! The hot & spicy wings were so delicious ! My new favorite place
5	This place is so amazing, laid back private rooms. Love the lighting. I really feel like I'm in the studio. Great drinks prices
5	This place is amazing, the food was on point. It was great for groups , free sake with help reviews ! HEEEYYYYYYYY !!!!!
5	I dont usually give a feedback, but they are just so awesome that I need to let all people know about it! The best karaoke in Vegas! The atmosphere is so upbeat, the staff are extremely nice, they gave us a free big bowl of dessert after we had a lil problem with our screen which we hardly complain about.. Great food, Fast and Awesome service, Clean and big rooms, updated song list..what more can we ask for? THEYRE THE BEST! will definitely come back!
5	This place was so fun! Definitely the best karaoke spot in town!The rooms are huge and clean! Their happy hour prices are reasonable and we had no wait time to get a table!Alright, I'm done using exclamation points after every sentence now.Anyway, their music library is large and is very current. The light-up tambourines are so cool and made the experience so much better.I'm definitely coming back here. This place is clutch.
5	One of the best places in Vegas to celebrate your birthday. Good drinks and great food :) Lots of fun! Jacob and David are amazing hosts. Grab a room, sing your heart out, and enjoy the wonderful atmosphere! The decore is very creative as well.
5	Awesome karaoke place! Great music selection! We love coming out here to sing our butts off! Lots of fun, highly recommended!
5	Cool atmosphere. Good music, and big selection. Good food and drink variety. Fun place! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to get with friends and have a good time.
5	I love this place!!!!best karaoke in Vegas!!!glad we found this place!! Must come here every time I make a visit in Vegas!
5	This is the spot for Karaoke when you are in Vegas! Awesome staffs and a great selection of songs!
5	Best karoake bar ever, great food and good service, close in Chinatown. Great rates so it's not so bad.
5	My friends and I were visiting Vegas and wanted to sing our hearts out so we decided to try this place. Great service and atmosphere. We'll definitely be coming back.
5	Love the soju and sake that they serve on top of the music selection and the bass of music rocks! Awesome place to kick it with your friends and have a good time as well!
5	my sister was in town and we both love, love, love karaoke. this was my first time since living in vegas to experience a karaoke that i realllllllly enjoyed. they have a wide variety of songs in every language and some of our favorite old school taiwanese songs. the service was quick and extremely friendly, they not only offered us shaved snow ice on the house and free sake. we were a little crazy and karaoked for over six hours lol but it was honestly one of the best times I've had.
5	So much fun. I love this place.  They even have Vietnamese songs and all the current English hits. Plus all the staff are super friendly and very handsome!!
5	I've been to several karaoke bars in Las Vegas so far. This is easily the best one I've been toReasons:1. Tons more song choices2. Happy hour deals3. Better room setup (multiple screens and roomier)I will come here more often
5	So much fun after a stressful day at school. Great rates good for parties.  Not sure why they don't have cordless mics but the sound system is awesome. Worth every penny!!!
5	The only place I go karaoke in Las Vegas the staff is very nice. One of the best things is the buy two drinks get one free. The wait here isn't that bad or no wait at all. There are plenty of songs choices is different languages. The place is very clean and tidy. The food is quite delectable had the bulgogi pizza and it was good. The service is great the staff pays a lot of individual attention to its customers.
4	I wanted to do something nice for my wife's birthday and I decided to invite some friends for some drinks and karaoke.  IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! We rented one of their big rooms.  The service was outstanding and they were always there serving us drinks and food.  The Kalbi Pizza is a MUST if you come to this place.  The price was very reasonable and I expected to pay more, but it was less than I expected, but of course, living in Las Vegas, we leave a good tip.  I thoroughly enjoyed the experience and would definitely come back again. YASSSSS!!!
5	this place is fun. great lay out. great customer service. the rooms are spacious comfortable.
5	One of the best karaoke bar in vegas! Buy 2 buckets get third free! Love it!!! Wish it was bigger. Staff is friendly. They are very helpful when asking questionsn
5	I used to go to an old karaoke bar a few years ago and was disappointed that they closed down. However this place is so much better. Incredibly nice employees, great music and atmosphere! :)
1	Pretty pricey for what it is, there are a lot of cheaper and better places around spring mtn. The rooms are kind of dirty, the equipments were difficult to use, and they don't have a lot of English songs. We paid $160 for 2 hours and 4 bottles of watered down soju. They try to bribe you to give good reviews on yelp by giving you a free bottle of soju. Will not return.
5	If you are looking for a place to have fun with a group of friends for an affordable price, great music and delicious drinks.. this is the place to be! I go here with my friends on a random night when we just want have a  fun night and not worry about getting ready for clubs, paying expensive drinks on the strip and worrying about the traffic! This cute place is located in on spring Mountain and Jones-- a center where they have all my favorite restaurants! You can get great boba, delicious thai food and modern and traditional asian food all at the same plaza! Right in the center of the plaza is Q Karaoke and this place is fun!The ambiance is very chill and has a fun vibe. The employees interact and joke around with the customers! Once you enter, you are already in the mood to have fun with your friends!The karaoke place gives you are private room to sing your heart out-- seriously or even drunk singing with friends! No one is judging you here! They also have a great food menu and an array of drink menus including plum wine and different flavors of soju you can imagine! They also give you complimentary snacks to eat while you are singing. In the room, you get a big screen with a projector and a television behind as well to see it! It comes with a few teambulines in the room to get crazy and wild while you sing your heart out! The songs in the playlist is extensive! Songs from China, Japan, Philippines, Japanese and English are all included including top 40 songs you commonly hear on the radio for the price of about $8 per hour in a room! Super cheap, affordable, and fun!My overall review has to come with price, cleanliness and service. The price is definitely affordable, the rooms and the venue is clean and the service is amazing! This is the only karaoke spot I go to in vegas.. and i've pretty much been to all! Great place to gp and have fun with a group of friends!
5	Best place ever!!!! Come to Q karaoke!!!!  This place is bombbbbbbbbbb. I came to q bistro first and run into next door karaoke. I had to put myself in wait list and get in. I wish i should have known earlier.
5	The few times I've come here have yielded great experiences. Each and every time the servers are on point, greeting the guests with smiles on their faces and always willing to accommodate. The rooms are nicely laid out, with the exception that the U shaped seating makes it hard to get up and leave if you're in the middle. The song choices are well updated as there are new selections everytime I've come in. If you want to song karaoke for a great price, come to Karaoke Q!
5	Great place to go with friends! Everything is clean, rates are great and it's karaoke! What can go wrong? Best place in town for karaoke for sure! The finger food and drinks are surprisingly great too! Get the yogurt soju for sure!
4	Good place to hang out with good company. Food is pretty decent and they have specials on their drinks free sake when you write a review for them and buy 2 soju get one free. Last two times I came they gave us a small comp snack
5	Employees are very helpful and nice. His tutorial was very informative. good prices - doing this for the free sake ;) . this place is awesome
5	Yay for karaoke! This place is so close to my house and I love singing here with my friends! Food is great and they have great deals!
4	If I were my other friends, the place would get three stars because we were basically singing in a freezer.  I don't know why, but they couldn't get the temperature right in the room.  I was joking with my friends to dance and drink more, but I guess that still didn't help.  The staff tried, but they really couldn't get it to warm up in there.  However, to make up for it, they comp'd us a bottle of Soju so we still left happy.This place was as lot of fun!  Who doesn't love Karaoke???  We ordered the wings and their korean pizza which was pretty good.  But those wings though....soy garlic for the win!
5	Pretty fun place. Tried it once. Love it.i can't wait to do this again. Bear place for karaoke. Will definitely come back again.
1	We came here for our friends birthday and when we went in they said it would be a two hour wait, but nobody was there. They then said it would only be 40 min which was fine. We finally got into our room and at this point we had 8 people with us. Started singing and having a good time, then 4 other people showed up which put us at 12 and I guess the room we were in was only a 10 person maximum so they said they would charge us the price of the large room since we were 2 people over, but didn't off to have us move to a larger room. We wanted to order some food and drinks, pressed the doorbell on the door and nobody came, finally after about 15 minutes they came in to take our order. When my brother and I went to order some food, we asked the guy taking our order if we can please have ours on a separate check so it wouldn't get confusing when we had to pay. He told us that they don't do that and we'd have to just tell them when we go to the front to pay which is ours, which was fine so I thought. When we were done we went up to the front to pay and as we were telling the guy at the register which was which and how to split it, he gave us such attitude saying 'when you guys have it all figured out, come back, you can wait over there, we have other people in line and you're holding it up.' Excuse me? We're paying customers with about a $300 bill. Whatever, we step aside and let the two girls go, which looked like he knew cause they were having a full on conversation. Once we finally get back up to the register after having to re wait in line he tells us with an attitude 'Next time you guys wanna split the check, tell us before.' We did. Your waiter told us you don't split the check and for us to tell you at the register. Plus, you would think with a large party they would ask if we would like it split. And to top the whole thing off. We go to pay for it with a credit card and he has the nerve to say 'I see you didn't leave a tip, it's not mandatory or anything but you know...' ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!? You're insisting on a tip after you were just so rude to us? We spent $300 here tonight, and $280 the last time we were here. I don't believe I will be going back anytime soon. Horrible customer service.
5	Best Karaoke bar in Las Vegas!!! If you're visiting Las Vegas or live here already, come visit this place! The manager Antonio made our experience amazing! It is a must stop.
5	We came to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday and had a blast.  Nice size rooms,  great appetizers and good drinks (no hard liquor except Soju). Antonio and his staff were awesome.  The gave us a great deal on the rooms,  and have my mom some free appetizers for her birthday.  Great place to hang out and have fun with a group.  A must visit while in Vegas
5	This is the best karaoke in town.Great system and excellent service.You can have a lot of fun in reasonable  price.Good place for even family fun
4	Great food! Great service! What more can we ask for! :))))) checking in to get my free shaved ice
3	Awesome place for group to hang out.  Various song genres to choose from.  4 stars for atmosphere and ambience, 3 stars for service this time.  The girl we had last time was much more attentive and extremely friendly.  Hope it'd stay consistence between 4-5 stars instead of 3-4 stars.
5	great venue! kitchen/bar/venue open late. They have a great song list and the service was superb. I would definitely recommend this place for a Karaoke China Town spot
5	I had a party of 20 and the experience there was awesome. Service: 5/5-service was awesome.  Catered to our needs. Got us whatever we wanted, pronto. Food: 3.5/5- for what it is,  the food was decent.  Music/singing experience: 4.5/5Only complaint,  music book seems to be outdated.  There seemed to be more songs on the actual hand device though.  Either way,  highly recommended.
5	Been to his karaoke spot 3 times and every single time I've had so much fun!!! All of their food is good, especially the hot wings and the French fries! They have a great selection of music. However, they don't have any salt and pepper music which I was kind of bummed about. Other than that the place is great! The employees are always so nice. The last I came with a bunch of friends, we ended up dancing in the lobby for an hour because the music was so good. Definitely a great place to come to with a group of friends to have some good ol fashioned fun!! Highly recommended. Side note: there's no age limit until 10pm, after that it's 18+.
5	The staff is super helpful and informative when accommondating their guests. This place is my favorite place to hang out and let loose with great company. You can never go wrong here.
5	Great place for karoke, the set list is big and has songs from all different genres and decades!
5	Went here for my first karaoke experience with a bunch of friends. It's super fun! Granted, it was with friends. Only wish they had more rooms available so that the wait wouldn't be so long. The complimentary wait snacks are nice though.
5	Omg ! Such a fun and accommodating place ! We had to wait for a room we we felt appreciated and respected. They gave us popcorn while we waited and before we knew it the room was ready . Excellent service and drinks! Come here please
5	Karaoke Q is the best place to sing, drink, get drunk, and drink sing karaoke songs. Ask for David, he explempifies Korean customer service.
5	Great costumer service. Cheap drinks. Good vibes. Great times!!! A must if your doing a karaoke night.
5	I just my first experience here at karaoke q! The customer service is great! As soon as I walked in, David approached us and was super friendly and helpful. (He also rocked a fancy bow tie)This place is fun, the drinks are inexpensive. I definitely recommend karaoke q, if you're into singing, good time and affordable drinks!I'll be back for sure.
5	Best kareoke place! Reminds me of back home in Hawaii, drinks and food delivered to your room with a push of a button.  They have beer soju chicken wings and korean food!! (Much more) They do offer korean and Tagalog songs as well. Kevin is the best!!Small rooms-(5 ppl) 15$ an hourMedium rooms-(10 ppl) 19$ an hourLarge rooms-26$ and hour, prices are not that bad!
5	This place is great for friends and family. There is a lot of languages to choose from and there is a lot great food. I personally come here for the Korean Music, cause you karaoke anywhere when you're a big fan of K-pop. All of the servers are very pleasant and super sweet. This is a place I plan to visit for the next years. If you love Karaoke, this is the place to be.P.S. Shelby is the SWEETEST & Very Helpful!
5	Happy Hours during the time of 6-9 Sunday through Thursday- half off the price! Easy-to-use karaoke machine and organized binder full of songs. Only complaint, though not too significant, is the dreadful backgrounds to the music! What is going on in some of them?! Or some of them are extremely random shots of different parts of the world. Does keep it somewhat interesting though. Nice and very helpful employees, especially Kevin! Fun and affordable for a large group of people. Have not gotten a chance to try their snacks, as I'm having too much fun singing!
