4	This salon is really cute. Fridays are 1/2 off single sessions and this is why I keep coming back. I use the level 2 bed and on Fridays its only $5 to tan. I wouldn't come here if they didn't have that though because membership prices are ridiculous and the customer service isn't that great.
4	I own a salon next door and always refer our clientele to them. They are a family owned business with an adorable decor and atmosphere. I love the location being in a historical house in old town Gilbert.
5	I went there for my first tanning bed experience today and it was fantastic! The shack look is authentic Hawaiian style, which was really fun! The gentleman that helped me explained the entire process (which matched all the information I had read about tanning beds). Being a new customer, he also gave me a great deal: about ten dollars for my first week!! The beds were clean and had a towel and pillow and he explained how everything worked. And I already see my skin becoming a little darker! This place is perfect! These guys are great and I can't thank them enough!
5	I am completely against tanning but I love to get my spray tan by Darlene at The Beach House Tanning Salon! She is very informative and makes you feel extremely comfortable during the service. As she spray tans you, she thoroughly explains before and after care. Darlene is definitely a pro at spray tanning because my results were outstanding. I re book with her at least every couple of weeks. She also runs specials for clients who book on line with her, five dollars off for the on line booking. If your a first time airbrush client go see Darlene at The Beach House Tanning Salon. I've been to other places for the same service and no one has ever made me feel as comfortable as Darlene has and no one has ever sat down and taken the time to explain the service. The atmosphere is super cute ,beachy of course, and very clean. And it definitely has a nice touch to it because The Beach House Tanning Salon is family owned and operated.
4	This is the cutest place I have been to as far as tanning salons. It is so cute inside and the prices are reasonable. A lot better than getting stuck in some contract like I have in the past with other tanning salons. I haven't tanned in awhile so I was unsure about what bed to go into. Thom was very knowledgeable and help me pick out a lotion and bed. The beds are clean(I am such a stickler about this) and I noticed results after I got out of the bed which is good! Not many tanning salons change their bulbs often! I definitely would recommend this place if you are looking to tan at a reasonable price and get a quality tan.
