5	This was a very fun show and Tommy Wind is very talented.  In my opinion he should drop some of the music and focus more on the magic.  But a relatively inexpensive evening with a nice young entertainer.
5	Enjoyed the show.  Went with my family which included small kids.  Was a family friendly show and some of the illusions/tricks were spectacular.  Talented magician.  I agree with prior review that some of the instrument plays could be removed and more of a focus on the magic.  But overall I was pleased.
5	I liked the show a lot. Good mix of magic and music. Fun for all ages. We sat right up front and some of the card tricks we didn't have a good line of sight. He's talented as a magician and plays a lot of instruments. The crowd interaction is tricky cause sometimes the people had a hard time answering simple questions. Good show for your money.
1	What a bad show! Bad production. Audio wasn't working for first 10 mins of the show, so not entertaining. I could see the "magic" before it happened. The girls stepping into the box when they were not supposed to be seen. I would not recommend to waste your money.
4	We had a great time! Family friendly, we had an 11 year old that talked about it for days.  Very likeable magician, we were very entertained.
2	I was surprised that in the video that preceded the show indicated that several years back Tommy Wind was the Magician of the year for some organization. The Tommy Wind show I saw this Tuesday was tired and shop worn. He should first drop the instrumentals, they added nothing to the show or the magic. Second get new magic tricks. Every trick was at least a decade old. As another reviewer noted you could see his assistant/fiance crawl into some of the boxes. Also the sword catching the cards needs to have a silver string or wire going up the shaft. The string or wire currently on his sword is dark, easily seen by the audience. Also his attempts at humor was not funny. I hope Tommy Wind will revamp his entire show.I love magic and was sorry I had to write this review. If you want to see an excellent magician go see Murray the Comic Magician.
5	Tommy wind show was amazing!!!! He kind of looks like lance bass from NSYNC.. But in all honesty one of the best shows I seen In Vegas !! AMAZING!!
3	Magic and a little more at Tommy Wind show. You can get discount tickets at tix4tickets. Not a high dollar show but entertaining enough. Try it if you just what a decent show at a low cost. And his parents and grandpa show up and work in the show. Way cool.
5	Excellent show and Tommy had put a lot of efforts. My kids 8 and 11 yo enjoyed the magic show. Well done and good luck for the future.
3	Went to the Tomonori Jinnai show last weekend, and it was fun.http://tommywindtheater.com/shows/tomonori-jinnais-world-tour-netajin-in-las-vegas/The venue itself is cool and intimate - I just didn't know something like this existed in between the mega buildings on this part of the strip. Nice thins is that there's ample parking space but I had to pay $5 for a spot.
5	I love this show! I saw it three times. Tommy is a young talented magician and musician. He performed magic, played the guitar, piano, harmonica, drums and martial arts. The first time I went to see the show, my hubby was picked to choose a name of a city and in the end it was written on a piece of paper inside the box and he had guessed it right. Very entertaining! The third time I went he bought along his fiance which I kind of like the show when he perform alone. A small venue where every seat is a good seat.
4	I saw The Tommy Wind magic show in November 2014 with my family and friends, and we all loved the show.The Tommy Wind Theatre is located on the Las Vegas Blvd, next to a CVA store, down the street from the MGM Grand Resort, and across the street from the New York New York Resort.The over all quality and production is not the highest quality, but Tommy enthusiasm and sincere effort in putting on a good, fun, and entertaining show makes up for any short comings in other areas. The cost is also very competitive for any of the shows on the LV Stip.The show has some magic, music, and humor, which is appropriate for customer of all ages. My two children (age 7 & 9) loved the performance, as did the adults who were in our group.There is a bar in the theatre which offers really good drinks and very reasonable prices. I didn't see or hear of any food being sold or served.Overall this is a fun show that the whole family can enjoy without breaking the wallet. I look forward to seeing Tommy perform next time we are in Vegas, and would recommend this show to all my family and friends.
5	Took my kids to the show and thought this show was the best vegas has to offer the magic he did blew my mind. NOBODY in the city is as good as Tommy Wind. His band included his parents and I think they were the best band I ever listened too. The price is well worth it and they have 2 bars for all your drink needs. Tommy wind definitely a show for the whole family. Make sure this is a stop on your vegas trip!
5	Amazing Magic Show!
5	This is a great place to see a show in Vegas. The price is right and there are no bad seats. We have been twice and had a good time. Staff are super nice.
1	"Eek! Methinks not" is RIGHT! (one star because we couldn't go lower)I'm writing this as my family and I are cracking up in horror, disbelief, and embarrassment.  We saw the show an hour ago and can't stop making fun.  We were so NOT entertained, the only way to make it worth our money is to laugh our asses off at how incredibly stupid and awkward this show was.  We had a party of 12 people and here's what each said:9 year old boy #1:  I thought it would be more magical.  Is the fiance from Hooters?9 year old boy #2:  My teenage cousin is better at magic in our living room. Laaaa--        aaaaaame!10 year old girl: The show was more about HIM than him doing magic. I wanted to                     put a paper bag over my head.  Not that the person himself stinks, he just stinks at magic...11 year old girl: Are we at the right show? 12 year old girl:  I'm ashamed of/for the mother (aka DJ M-O-M also dressed like Hooters girl).12 year old boy: The mom looks like a hooker and the fiance IS a hooker (and we didn't even know he knew the word hooker)14 year old boy: It was good huhuhuhuhuhuh16 year old boy:  Mom, if you EVER wore that...mom #1: Why in God's good name would we want to see him lip sync an Elvis song while waltzing down the aisle shaking hands like an actual performer? Or play the drums with his one-tune dad?  He was AVOIDING magic.  mom#2: The finger snapping is awkward and creeping me out.  The stage manager looks mortified and MUST be a cousin working to earn his keep.  I was uncomfortable.dad#1: Tommy Wind is magic's answer to the Wolf of Wall Street. Goooooooooongdad #2: no comment (in fear of bad karma...)We simply could not make eye contact at the end.  Meet and greet--me thinks NOT. We're too ashamed. On a serious note, the positive reviews either have to be from friends and family, or we saw an extremely OFF night...For some constructive criticism--Tommy Wind's passion for show business is nice.  Hopefully, he will perfect some tricks (we could see some of the tricks we shouldn't have seen) and focus more on magic than the music portion.  We paid less for the Nathan Burton show last year and it was very good, so we expected some good illusions and slight of hand. Also, It's nice to work with family, but maybe he can work on integrating the family stories more smoothly.
