5	What can I say other than I LOVE THIS STORE!! The employees are all really sweet and very helpful! I love how they make your shopping experience FUN!
2	I am a simple kinda girl, simple taste, and I like simply cheap prices. I went here with some girlfriends expecting a fun shopping experience and I just about had a heart attack when I saw the prices. I swear, whoever priced the items in this store really loved the number 78 because almost everything here was 78.00!!! Didn't matter if it was pants, shirt, purse. Saw a white t shirt with a few sparkles, surprise! 78.00! Also, the dresses were 180.00 average. What bothered me the most was that none of the items stood out to me as anything I couldn't find at the Kohls down the street. I don't mind spending a little extra for quality and more flare/ style but definitely couldn't justify it at this place! What was supposed to be enjoyable for me turned into me wandering around the store hyperventilating as I attempted to find an item for less than 20.00. When I finally did come across said item, it was a lingerie like top that was snagged and had a few small stains. WTF? I will say that the staff was friendly, and the dressing rooms were nice. Oh and the cookies they served were delicious hence the additional star. However, I walked out of here empty handed and honestly, I was happy I did since I would have to sell my car (notice how I did not say house) in order to afford anything in the place!
3	There clothing is a 5. However, at this location the service was horrible. I couldn't find someone to help me get something down, no one asked if we needed anything, the two girls were behind the counter and too busy talking to themselves and ignoring the customers. Usually this chain has great service. I was very disappointed in this location.
2	Yelp, I'm sorry. I should've checked with you first before walking in here.Clothes were cute but WAY overpriced, and the service was all over the place.I don't usually yelp about clothing stores, but my experience was so interesting...My friend and I just walked in to kill some time and basically play dress up.  At first the staff was OVERLY helpful (in a good way) and brought out shoes and accessories to match what we were trying on.  We were having a good time... until the close.Because we were actually having a good time, my friend decided to buy a pricey dress and I was actually going to buy her accessories for her as a gift, since I was in the spirit, but then the service from this point went south so fast it made my head spin. They offered a 10% discount with email signup, but then refused to give it on the spot and said we had to wait for the coupon in the mail.  So my friend was like, then I'll just come back tomorrow with the coupon. That's when it went from friendly to icy.My friend went back and forth with them for awhile, and I just completely lost interest in buying anything from them.So weird!  They put so much energy into the sale and then just completely killed the mood at the last moment!I had hoped it was just an off day or something, but I guess fellow yelpers feel kind of the same.And, no, my friend is not going back for the dress.
5	I love this store. They always have great sales, quality merchandise, and the sales people are so friendly and down to earth. Managers Samantha and Evelyn went out their way to help me find exactly what I was looking for.  I will be shopping at this location more in the future.
5	This is a great store to shop in.  The clothes are so cute and the staff is really welcoming.  They found exactly what I was looking for and more.  I will definitely  be returning and would highly recommend the shop to anyone who wants a great looking wardrobe.
