1	I found this tailor on Craigslist, which should have already been the red flag. My request was for tailoring on some business shirts and a pair of jeans. I will admit her prices are good, but the service was horrendous! Linda was very unprofessional, extremely rude, and provided very poor services. When trying to resolve the matter, she refused to take a second look at her work and immediately took the defensive. She even had the nerve to suggest to me that in order to look at the articles of clothing I would need to pay AGAIN per each item!Never will I use a service that is provided out of house.. terrible experience and a complete waste of time!
4	Maybe the others had bad day when they wrote other reviews? She makes several appointment in a day and so I know that if your running late at all, it's best to let her know ASAP. All I  know Is the items I had mended we're perfect . I've gone and ordered some outside cushion from her as well. The one lady said she lives by a garage dump ! or whatever! It's super easy to get to.I thinks she's got fantastic prices! But I don't go there just for that. I go became she does such amazing work. Linda has always had sense of humor but keeps it all professional.I refer my friends to her. I became a client by referral !
1	Called Linda to have alterations made to my wedding dress.She changed the appointment several times on me last minute.She fucked it all up, the lengths were off, areas were too short where other parts were not altered at all. In the end, it was unsalvageable and instead of saving money using Linda's services, I ended up having to buy an entirely new dress, having to alter my entire budget for the wedding. Linda also tried to charge me for the work done, as if that was going happen.I knew planning a wedding would be stressful, but this was definitely more than I imagined I'd have to deal with.I should have listened to Jeff's review. Next time I'm going to someone reputable who actually knows what they're doing!!!!!If its good quality, BEWARE!!!
