3	There was a koi pond in the lobby. It was a clean enough place to sleep and the price was affordable. A cab to Southside was around $11 and close to $15 for a ride to Lawrenceville. Dormont was a charming neighborhood right up the hill from Motel 6.
2	No complaints on the rates, they were unbeatable. Close enough proximity to South Side, its around a 10$ ride. The Coy pond was the nicest thing in the place, it was actually out of place being there. Besides having to fetch our soap and shampoo downstairs, a poop stain or two on the toilet seat, it was an alright place.
5	It was a blissful and magical experience from home. Waking up from my extended slumber had me questioning, "Am I home or is this really a hotel?"  The value was unbeatable, the Koi fish pond even welcomed me as if it said hello!
3	Not a bad place, especially for the price. Booking just a few weeks before a trip, it was either $80 a night here or well over $200 downtown, with seemingly nothing else available in between in Pittsburgh. As everyone else has mentioned, the random koi pond is a nice feature in the lobby, likely leftover from its days before being under the Motel 6 banner. The furniture in our room was decent, although the carpet could have used a good steam cleaning or replacement to be less dated (and stained). We were right next to the lobby so it was a bit loud with the staff talking to each other/random friends that seemed to show up even late at night, but it was tolerable.Show hints of shady goings on in the neighbourhood included the rent-a-safe in the closet, a note by your door handle reminding you to use the deadbolt, as well as a sign behind the front desk reminding patrons that they work closely with the police. Okayyyy...The wifi was kinda iffy in our room, with the best signal oddly being in the bathroom. There's a gas station just across the street for all of your fuel and snacking needs.Short, but steep walk, up Potomac to catch the red line train downtown.Well we weren't stabbed or accosted, so we enjoyed the cheap bed that we had here.
5	Great experience! By far the best Motel 6 I've ever been to. I think it is an old Raddison Hotel or something but the rooms are big and modern. The prices are great. Every time I come to PA this is the place I will stay.
4	Overall good value and would stay again. Outdated, but quirky and clean. Our king room had a comfy clean bed and big flat screen tv. Bathroom was barebones, but clean with a new looking slate floor. Quiet area. Cons were the small parking lot and smelled slightly of smoke/mildew but honestly not the worst we've stayed in.
3	The hotel layout is definitely funky and outdated.  For example, the building is separated into two by a street, connected by hallway overpass. The parking garage for the building behind is hidden and there are some unusual bright colors decorating the inside walls.  However, the hotel inside looks fine and clean as does the room.  The walls of the room I was in (4th floor in the back) were thin, however.  I could hear the TV next door and voices from below a few times.  Fortunately, the guests weren't loud and the noise wasn't constant.  The hotel is conveniently located and definitely worth the price.
3	Arrived at this place pretty late, had a parking space. Price was 70ish at the counter after tax. As i was walking to the room, i could smell pot. Rooms were kinda old but not bad. Towels were clean and they have 2 soaps, no shampoos. Has safe for $5 a night. had a flat screen which was not bad. no breakfast. Valuewise it was the cheapest i could find around there. Pros: price value around in the area.Cons: no elevator
1	Horrible experience.  We travel a lot and never have had any issues with any hotel. We are not high maintenance or picky but this hotel is the one bad enough for me to complain.BED BUGS!!! We got up in the morning and my husband was covered in bites, mine showed up later in the day. Given the number of bites it's been an ongoing issue they haven't addressed. I have now taken a day off to clean everything before we bring the bugs into our own house. The staff was ok and the location was great but not worth all he headaches after we realized we had been victims of a bed bug attack. Other than that the heater was very loud. But like I said that would  not be reason enough for me to give such a bad review.
1	Wish I could give this place no stars. STAY AWAY!!!! BED BUGS!!!!! Went on a nice trip to visit Pittsburg. All other hotels were booked near the place we were going to visit so we stopped on here. We have stayed at other motel 6 in California and at least they served breakfast WITHOUT bed bugs.. We came in, dropped off our belongings, left, and came back to the hotel late. We were not in the hotel for 8 hours as we woke up extra early to ride our bikes around the town. We are not a picky couple. We have stayed in worst places and have never had anything like this happen. Motel 6 is evil! The people working there were ok. Not pleasant or bad. Just normal people who kept to themselves. Witch is ok by me. The heater was LOUD. Very old and sounded like it was about to fall off the wall! But that did not make me want to write this review. We have contacted the hotel and they are denying anything. Our bag came from our home (bedbug free), to our car, to our hotel room, back to the car and then home. Where else could these bedbugs have of came from?! STAY AWAY!!! BEDBUGS!!!
1	Still no word from the motel 6 people. I keep getting the " we will contact you soon". Spent 1300 on bed bug treatment and no one will help on their end..  Here is a letter that we received. No help from motel 6 and the owner from the "independent franchise" is no where to be found. Nice work motel 6. PEOPLE GO ELSE WHERE!!!!
