3	The owners are the same, but the end of Boston's came about a week ago. They decommissioned themselves from that chain and from the looks of the fancy menu and new plates and the sprinkling of parsley to make plates look pretty, these owners are trying to capture a higher end crowd perhaps. The menu is small now and incomplete and they still have appetizer specials for $5. I ordered the pretzels with cheese sauce. It was basically one pretzel cut up into seven pieces, but was served warm and the cheese sauce was good, but needed a bit more of a kick perhaps. At $7.99, that appetizer would way less appealing to order. Since these owners are from Minnesota, it seems they are trying to inject Midwest values as the feature item was the Juicy Lucy burger. One poor guy at the bar waited at least 45 minutes for his burger as they are probably working out the kinks back there. They claim to be having pizza again soon, but they will need to update their kitchens because the bartender told me that Boston's just used a conveyor belt system to cook food.    Nothing changed on the staff and they are all still nice, but the entire bar and restaurant was empty at 6pm for a good 1/2 hour. They have added a bunch of new beers and Tuesday is supposed to be a day where beers are $2 all day. I still go once a week there, so will try more food next time.
1	not a sports bar ! said they would have nfl draft on . interupted itit for bar trivia . food was ok but slow . beer was very warm .
4	They now have a full menu including pizza, burgers, etc. I ordered the same pretzels as last time and the smoky queso dip was spot on this time with a very nice kick. The nachos looked good at another table also. All NHL and NBA playoff games available. I almost feel like a regular at this place. Good staff. Hope the concept survives because it was pretty empty during a recent happy hour stretch, but try the stella and blueberry beer mixed 70/30 - it cooled me down from the dip.
4	they delivered a mac&cheese hot dog and a black bean burger to my home and it's wonderful. So fast and so tasty!
2	This place has an identity crisis. Now, as of 5/10, it is back to being called Boston's. The owners did not want to pay the franchise fee, but I guess they came to some agreement recently. So, the owner pays for all new signage, changes menu (not for the better), gets new uniforms, new cooking equipment, but never had his credit card system working the entire time the place changed names. I think the franchise won the battle on this skirmish. The owner probably has alot of egg on his face now.   Farewell fancy plates and parsley sprinkles. While you at it, get rid of the Thursday night trivia guy too. You really think people aren't checking answers on cell phones in 2013? The questions are often quite easy and the guy thinks he is some sort of comedian when he gets a microphone. (not a very good one either). Corner office - CLOSED
1	Ordered a pizza from this place using grubHub - the pizza was HORRIBLE, expensive, took forever (longer than GH promised), and arrived COLD! Will NEVER order from this place again. The pizza was so disgusting that it seemed that they used velveta fake cheese on it, it was so bad that we had to trash it.
4	My friend and I ordered a pizza with veggies (our own topings not the veggie pizza on the menu) and it was delicious. Crust was nice and crispy around the edges but not over cooked. Sauce, cheese and toping combinations were in perfect balance! We will be going back for at least the pizza!
