5	Greatest dry cleaner in Charlotte! Ms. Grace is always polite and friendly. My clothes have always been treated with care and the service this cleaners provides is way above average. Clothes are always neat and organized. Perfect amount of starch on the button downs as well. Make no doubt about it- Star Cleaners rocks!!
5	I agree with someone else who reviewed this dry cleaners. Grace is a real sweetheart.  She takes personal pride in the work. I can't recommend  more!
2	This was my first time using this dry cleaner/wash & fold....I dropped off laundry along with pants that needed minor alterations and dry cleaning. Dropped off on Monday and according to my laundry ticket my items would be ready on Wednesday. When I arrived on Wednesday at 6:10pm NONE OF THE ITEMS WERE READY!!!
5	Wow! Been in here a couple times since moving nearby and everyone in the store are always very friendly and helpful.  Prices are good and they are very organized in making sure you get back all of  the items you drop off.  Turnaround time is decent and if you're in a pinch and need something sooner, they are willing to help you out.
5	Grace is a sweet lady.  We just switched to this dry cleaners and they seem great and reasonably priced.
5	Holy expletive cheap prices.  I dropped off two suits, 16 shirts and two pairs of pants and it was $42.  Yeah that 125 off of my bill back in Cali,  The clothes are clean and ready on time.  What more can I ask for?
5	Being an adult (by society's standards) means that you have a never ending list of things you need to do... And let's face it,  chores suck.. Dealing with piles of dirty clothes really sucks. Let Grace at Star Cleaners & Laundry make it suck a little less. She is very attentive, polite and friendly. Always smiling and genuinely grateful to serve you. I've never had an issue with items not being ready for pickup by promised time or missing items (common problems at other cleaners). She's been known to fix/replace buttons on shirts at no charge. The prices are on par, if not a bit less than other spots. Super convenient location (same shopping plaza as Healthy Home Market) with plenty of parking.
1	After reading the good reviews here I decided to give this place a shot since it's close to home. HUGE MISTAKE. I dropped off a suit on Thursday that I needed for a Tuesday interview - promised to have it ready Monday. Went Monday and it wasn't there...told me to come back Tuesday morning on the way to my interview. Not good. Luckily when I came back Tuesday it was there...BUT it was not pressed at all. Honestly it looked more wrinkled then when I took it in. So disappointed. Not to mention it was $15 for just a press, not even cleaned. I really can't believe they returned it worse than when I brought it. Never again.
1	The owner, Mrs. Kim is not a tailor, do not give her your clothes to work on them. She doesn't know how to take measurements, and she opened a hole in my shirt with her scissors. This is the worse experience of customer service I have had, she refused to reimburse me for the tailoring job. Their prices are low but sometimes they don't do a good cleaning job on white shirts. I don't think they use adequate detergent.
4	Great customer service and quality. The more you bring the better the price. I usually have 18 articles of clothing and my bill is usually under $40. It's my go to for business shirts. Wash and press is usually under $2. Make sure you specify the amount of starch your want. As another rater said, the default is no starch. They don't only do clothing. My dog felt that my couch needed to be puked on. Star Cleaners were able to get those delightful chunks out of the couch along with the plethora of dog hair.The nice little ol' lady that owns the place is super awesome and very welcoming. The turn around time is good as well. I would say my clothes are usually ready within 2 days. If you need it quicker and you ask nicely they might be able to get it to you sooner. The location is super convenient to anybody residing in the South End and the value is pretty much unmatched. Trust me, I've checked prices in other neighborhoods. So if you want to look your professional best or your lack the ironing skills taught in catholic school, Star Cleaners & Laundry is your place.
