5	Ok, by far the BEST yoga studio in Arizona! I am an avid cardio lover and was a spinning instructor so I know a good workout. Sumit's Yoga is a great complement to any type of cardio or also a great workout on its own. Sumit is great and really makes the studio. I will be doing yoga with Sumit for many, many years.
5	I will agree with Nicole's review on this one... if you want a good sweat, this is the place to go!  The studio is new and clean, and the combination of flow with the hot room but not so structured as bikram, makes for a great class every time.  The music inspires you also.  I love to go to the early morning classes - i feel energized all day!One negative is that this studio does not have showers.  However, being so close to both Whole Foods and Soma Cafe make it easy to replenish with a healthy meal after class.Sumit usually has a special offer for 1st time students such as 30 days for $30.  There is also water for sale (which you will definitely need) and some retail items as well.***CORRECTION / UPDATE - There are showers, so no negatives - thanks for letting me know that there are showers, Sumit!  See you soon!
5	They need to put a real sign up, but I guess I'm just glad that there was a sign because I would not have found it.  All I was told was to look for the Whole Foods.  I came here because I knew someone who teaches classes here.  I just met her a couple of days before through a mutual friend and was looking for something to do in the morning, and thought it would be great to workout.  Boy, did I ever workout!  I have been to hot yoga classes at the Crunch Fitness Centers in Chicago, and this was just as awesome.  Guys, if you literally want to see girls sweat - this is the place.  Every single person in here was drenched in sweat.  I mean it was slick and shining on everyone's bare arms and face.  We did almost every yoga pose I knew or could think of, and a little ab workout is added at the end.  The studio itself isn't large so that you get the attention and benefit of a private class.  The instructor is helpful with the poses, and she enunciates really well.  I suppose if you have taught English before you should.  I can't expect anything less from a Chicago transplant!  Go see Jenny!  They have first timer specials and offers.  They do sell limited amounts of yoga items.  They may hae a few extra mats if you forget yours, but I'd recommend getting your own if you decide you want to continue on doing more than one class.
5	Man, I wish we had enough money to frequent this studio. I love the practice, the atmosphere, the people. My husband and I just finished our 10 days for $10 and it was wonderful. Maybe someday, when my husband gets out of school. we can get a package.
