5	We have used this company for the past 5 years or so and used them again yesterday. Had to stop and say that they are absolutely fantastic!  They show up on time, their employees are clean and friendly and their rates just can't be beat.  I'm sure you will be as happy as we are so thanks to Sue and all the other staff members at Carefree Clarity.
5	Got an immediate response to my call with follow up. They were on time, polite, got to work. Did a beautiful job. Price was appropriate. I was very pleased and now i can see out my windows.
5	Very nice crew and excellent service today 2/11/14. They came out right away for an estimate but since is was raining that day I waited a week. Wow, my windows and screens are beautifully clean for a really, reasonable price. My windows had not been cleaned for at least 5 years and it was wonderful to see the difference. Thank you and for this price I will definitely do it more often, at least once a year!
5	AJ & Vine made a good team and did an excellent job inside and out on our windows which included sun screens. No mess to clean up, very presentable workers and good communication. Thank you, Kerry
1	We were referred to this company from friends of ours that had a very good experience.  Unfortunately, ours was much different than theirs.  Between forgetting to wash multiple windows (one I caught before they left, then two others that I saw after they had left), forgetting to relock the windows afterward, bending a sunscreen (which they took so they can have it fixed, hopefully).  Then, to top it off, when they gave me the invoice, they said that we got a really good deal because they usually do homes in Troon, etc, and charge a lot more...  We paid $200 for a 3800 sq/ft house with 2 stories...  I wouldn't say $200 was a spectacular deal when usually we'd pay $150 to $180 for better work from prior companies we've used.
5	I have had our windows cleaned by many different services, but Carefree Clarity has done the best job. The windows are crystal clear and they had the best price of all the services. They will now be the only window cleaning service I use.
