4	This is by far my favorite place to get my nails done.  I stumbled upon it when I was living right down the block and I have continued traveling back to them even though I live all the way in Ahwatukee Foothills.  Their prices are reasonable for the quality of service they provide and it is a comfortable and professional setting.  The Spa Pedicure is amazing, and they do a fantastic job!  I always request Tony, he is the best and is an amazing artist--he creates hand-drawn designs on nails that are unriveled here in AZ (from what I have seen).  If you live nearby, or if you are willing to take a small trip for a relaxing mani/pedi, Music Nails is the place to go!!!
5	I went there earlier afternoon to get a full set done. I've never been there before but boy, am I glad I went. I didn't catch my nail tech's name but he was very thorough and nice. His work was awesome; my nails look great. I would definitely go back there again.
2	Went on a Friday nite 8/13/2010...was not busy, but I got a less than adequate Pedicure. My daughter sitting next to me, got a great one, depends on who...I guess! My pedicure was lazy and polish was very sloppy. The guy, if you get him is very good...I would go back but not to the older woman...a total waste of money.
1	The husband and wife that appears to run/own this nail shop are absolutely lovely. However, their children use the salon as their personal playground, and during my pedicure I was treated to their 5 year old begging in his mother's ear for food, toys, attention, etc. It was not a relaxing environment and I feel like my appointment took so much longer than it should have because they were both constantly tending to their children.24 hours after my appointment was complete I had three chipped nails. In comparison, I went somewhere else to get the polish fixed and went chip-free for six days. I will not be going back to Music Nails.
2	Typically, $20 for a pedicure is a real good deal.  Not here...The bad:* Not enough staff (long wait time, and they get you in the chair so its more of a hassle to get up and leave)* Rush job (25 minute pedicure.  Thanks for the 2 minute massage)* Uneven cut on toenails* Use old polish (old polish takes forever to dry)Don't waste your time or money here
1	This place is right by my house and although I had a bad experience there a few years ago, I thought I would give it one more try. BAD IDEA! Full disclosure, I've been a licensed nail tech since 1996, I could do it myself, but this is how I treat myself.  The pedicure was ok, it was 20 bucks, so I got what I paid for.  I also got a fill. My word!  The lady didn't remove the gel polishes that were on my acrylics even though I told her it was shellac and not acrylic and I just wanted a clear powder fill. (now there is a layer of shellac glitter and a black french tip embedded in my acrylics that i didn't want to keep.  Since she didn't file/drill/soak off the clear glitter gel there is basically a fill line midway through where my nails stop being glittery. (Didn't want them glittery anymore anyway)  She also tried to do a repair on my thumb nail with black glitter acrylic (you know, to match the polish she didn't remove from the other nails!) which just spread black glitter all over my thumb nail and, since she didn't clean her brush, my other thumb nail too.  The "repaired" nail is a lumpy mess.  She didn't ask if I wanted them shorter, she didn't ask if I liked them.  Nothing.  They were all looking at me while I checked out so I did give them a tip, wish I had the guts to not! Did I mention that they are already lifting?  I got them done yesterday.  Do not go here. There's a place, City Nails, on Ray and McClintock which is much better for the same price and Pink Polish on Ray and Rural, pricier, but good nails.
4	I have been going to Music Nails for several years and I am surprised to see negative reviews here, as my experiences have been positive.  My favorite two technicians are the young husband and wife team  that run this nail shop.  They are both incredibly nice, friendly, and skilled..  Tony, especially, is an artist.Lately, I have been getting French gel polish on my shorter, natural nails and come in approximately three weeks later because of how much my nails grow.  Otherwise, the French manicure looks awesome and it is hard to see the clear gel growing out. After you are done, try the peanut curry next door.  :)
4	It was time!! Love this neighborhood nail spot! Price is only $20 for a pedi, and they always do a great job. Walk-ins welcome!!!
5	We love this place been going for years! Tony and his wife are our favorites! Our go to place for Mani Pedis!
1	No no no, OWNER put a beautiful full set on me (which I spent alot of money to get very personalized) 3 nails had either completely broke off or cracked within the first 2 days. ..
5	I love this little nail salon! They are so great and amazing! They always remember my mom and i and ask about my daughter! Tony and his wife are so amazing! Great prices and great service! I will always tell everyone to go here!
1	DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!! I walked in for a pedicure and the owner burnt my feet with scolding hit water and walked away. Then, the guy doing a pedicure next to me was massaging some women's feet and stuck his used lotion covered hand right into my water to check. Eeeewee! The owner came back shot my feet, which were pulled out of the contaminated water, with scolding hot water again!! So I pulled my feet away and told her that I would wait until she got the water figured out. She filled the basin with cold water and walked away. Sorry, but at this point I am done. I dried my feet and walked out. That is crap!! She can't even do the simple part, I am not sticking around to see how badly she screws up the rest of my pedicure.
