1	Believe me, I've seen my share of tattoo and piercing studios and I definitely do not recommend this one.  I was going there to re-pierce my earlobes with the surgical grade stainless steel hoops I was already wearing.  First of all, this place was very hot, temperature wise.  The reason doctor's offices are always cold is because germs breed more easily in the heat.  Second, the place was far from clean.  Third, the apprentice who pierced my ears didn't mark the holes before shoving the needle through, so consequently, the earrings are not even in both of my lobes.  Fourthly, you have to buy their jewelry.  And lastly, the aftercare instructions are wrong and misspelled.  They tell you to use Bacitracin in the piercing twice a day for two weeks, then once a day for a week and then once a week for a month...or something close to that and using any ointment at all for any length of time is not recommended.  My suggestion is to find someplace else.
3	I am thinking that when you get a divorce.. you should celebrate! My EX husband used to tell me that if I ever got a tattoo.... he would leave me.. WELL .. he left and I didn't want him back so I made my way down to Golden Dragon ( my friends referred me) I knew in my mind what I was looking for ... a dragonfly to symbolize my new life... full of light and freedom.I walked in and was greeted by Jeremy who helped me figure out what kind of dragonfly would fit my ankle .He drew it up and an artist by the name of Matt did the ink. A little pricey from what I am seeing other peoples art work and how much they paid. However - the conversation, and service was really good. They gave me good information on tattoo aftercare . So overall a great experience.I would go back ;)
4	The studio was clean, and the artists are very talented.  I will say the chair I was in was very uncomfortable, but the conversation and banter between the working artists was humorous and took my mind off of it.  I felt the price was very good for the size and detail of my piece.  I will definately return.  If you go in, ask for Patrick.
5	My friend and I went to Golden Dragon Tattoo in December.  From the time we walked in until we left, the experience was great. Jeremy was so friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The shop was clean, and I appreciated the signage regarding their following of health district rules/regulations. My tattoo turned out great, it healed nicely and I'm very happy with it. I would definitely go back and would also recommend "Freak" to others.
5	I am so glad I chose this place after reading a ton of reviews and making a dozen phone calls.So I got some piercings done - single forward helix (left ear only) and *NSFW* my nipples.  Since I knew in advance I wanted these done I did a LOT of research to make sure I found the best place for what I wanted.  I'm kind of anal like that.Initially, I wanted a triple forward helix.  When I called to ask if they even do this (you'd be surprised), the gentleman on the phone said, "We CAN but do NOT recommend it because it will not set right and can look crooked."  Wow.  I called a ton of places before and they just quoted me a price or didn't even know what it was.Honesty like that goes a long, long way with me.  I called back, asked if I needed an appointment, then drove on over.It was a little tricky to navigate in the parking lot, but if you see the Baskin Robbins you're pretty much there.  It is next to the Auto Zone.The inside is actually really cool!  They've got a pool table, digital darts, couches, Ms. Pac Man, and a soda machine.  One ENTIRE long wall is dedicated to tattoo designs, and they even have a little table halfway in that has pictures of real artwork.  By far, this was one of the nicest set up tattoo & piercing places I'd been to.  (For a point of reference, before last night I have 8 tattoos and 10 piercings.)Jeremy is the main tattoo & body piercing artist, and is a rad dude.  He's great at what he does and marked everything before even clamping.  He is very honest and very real, and told me that the triple forward helix picture everyone sees is actually a girl who glued on jewelry to her ear, which is why it looks so perfect.  Everyone's ears are shaped differently, so if you get a triple helix it can actually point in different directions or not set right simply because of the ear's natural design.I had my fiance and two friends there and they asked if they could hang out and watch and Jeremy was totally chill about it.  They all had conversations about piercing and whatnot while I clenched my fists and thought about puppies.  Haha.  We DID chat about the negative review listed about the laws - which was actually another reason I chose this place - and I felt the same exact way Jeremy did.  He owns a business, he has children, and he wants to uphold the law.  Last time I checked that seems legit.3 piercings in one night is totally insane but I did it.  And they have a kickass special of get 3 pay for 2!  Helix was $45 with jewelry and nipple was $35 with jewelry - other one PLUS jewelry was free.IF YOU WANT A BODY PIERCING, GO HERE.  It's a little off the beaten path but it's worth it.  All 3 people that went with me said they'd come back to this shop before anywhere else.  I don't think I'm getting any more piercings anytime soon, but they also have a Yelp check-in for tattoos.  =)!
5	Must say that the work these guys do is awesome!  Would never visit another shop.  Freak is an awesome tattoo artist...love the work he did!  Highly recommend!,
5	Just went in here for a piercing. Wanted a Teagus piercing for my birthday. When I walked in was greeted by two guys. I don't know his name but the guy who did my piercing was very nice and funny, was very welcomed and comfy. The piercing hurt but the guys were helpfull in tips and I enjoyed talking to them. Will be back! Planning on a new tattoo. Good job guys can't wait to go back!
5	So happy i found this shop. I only got a touch up but freak did an amazing job. He cleaned my pepsi logo so good. My lines were weak n broken and color was almost see through and he packed in so much color and made my out lines real crisp. I wish I went to him for the tattoo originally . I will go back for sure to get my other one touched up and to get a brand new one. The shop was clean, real professional. I've already recommended the shop to two people so far and will tell more people when I go back to work.
5	Went in today for a tattoo wanting a good solid tattoo and Freak gave me a GREAT tattoo. Seriously he's amazing at what he does. The shop is friendly and clean. If your looking for a new artist or just looking for around you need to check out his work.  The other artist had really good work in there portfolios as well. I got an anarchy logo on my right shoulder, I couldn't imagine it looking this good. Thank you Freak!
5	I was lead to Jeremy Day "Freak" at Golden Dragon Tattoo by several Vegas locals, and I am forever in their debt.  The speed and precision that Jeremy lays ink is unreal.  I've never seen better lifework, and his detail is amazing.  It doesn't matter what style of ink you're looking for, this is the place to go.  Jeremy also saved a botched coverup attempt by another tattooer for me.  It's about a $30 cab ride from the strip, but it's well worth it.  Because Jeremy and his staff are so fast at what they do, you'll save hundreds over what you'd pay on LV Blvd.
5	I came from California to get my tattoos done by Jeremy "Freak"..He is very cool and you can not tell your getting your tat done because he has light hand. My daughter got one done  of some music notes for her 16th birthday. One thing I like the most is he is by the books. He does not accept anyone under the age of 18 without a parent consent. My husband got a tattoo done of his family tree on the back of his calf. I got the infinity symbol on shoulder..Anytime we come to vegas Freak will be the first person we see. I am so glad I stopped here.
5	I got my first tattoo with Jeremy at Golden Dragon for my birthday in February 2014. I was referred by my ex-girlfriend who got a tattoo and a piercing there and she had a great experience both times. Find him on Instagram and check out his work!  There are walls full of diference tattoo ideas and drawings to help you with, but the best thing is how the artist will help you with exactly what you want. I will be coming back for my next piece and I drive from CA to get it done. I trust no one else under the needle!
5	I came all the way from Long Beach, Ca to see Jeremy. We came to see him for my daughter 16th birthday.  She got her first tattoo.  Jeremy was super cool.  When I told him that my daughter wanted to get a tattoo he said ok. Just bring her birth certificate and her school I.d and he needed a copy of my I.d. I was really happy that he asked for all the stuff. That let's me know he is by the book and just will not tattoo kids under the age of 18 without the parents consent. Not only did my daughter get her tattoo but I got one and so did my husband. .it was a family affair that day. Jeremy is quick and thorough. The extra perk is he is light handed. I will definitely be back to get a couple more done by Jeremy.
5	I went into golden dragon tattoo again to chat about the possibility of a new tattoo. Talked about it and showed pictures and Greg asked if I wanted to schedule An appointment and he said he would work on the tattoo and draw out a design I was looking more for. So I went in the next day and Greg showed me the drawings and I was not upset! They were better and more original than the tattoo picture I showed him. So after about 3 hours and good chit chatting later I looked in the mirror and saw the most beautiful tattoo ever! Amazing detail, prefect placement, great color! I love it! Thanks Greg and golden dragon tattoo! Keep up the good work!
5	Got my ear pierced today by Luke, didn't hurt at all he was very gentle. Just a nice, clean and friendly environment. I will be coming back for my tattoos. Thanks!
