4	Gas is gas! But Chevron gas is great when combined with the people at the Pit Stop Car wash! I love this car wash because they are fairly priced (7,9,11) depending on what you need. But all include a free towel dry after going thru the machine. They also offer free use of the vacuums when you are done with your rub-a-dub-dub. So stop driving around your dirty car and get dialed in. Maybe get some gas, too!
5	Great location and prices are good.
1	on april 28, 2013 i had gone to the carwash at pit stop on maryland parkway and windmill. paid, drove to entrance put car in neutral and closed mirrors as instructed. gave the attendant a tip. proceeded through to the end of wash told by drying attendant to pull up to drying area parked opened my door to tip the attendant then checked my email. i noticed out of the corner that the attendant was manually trying to open my driver side mirror i yelled no stop and pushed to electronically open the mirrors.  he finished drying. i proceeded to leave the parking lot turning right onto maryland parkway. i noticed when i turned my blinker on to turn right on to maryland my dash pinged me a note saying right turn signal mirror error, i look at the mirror and the case was just hanging on the mirror. i pulled over and looked at it. it was broken off completely. i put case in my car. i called the car wash. was told to come back to file a statement. filed statement the attendant watched the video came back to tell me that the camera did not record the other side of vehicle. i was told that some one would call me.  i was texted and told to go to there body shop to get a quote. the body shop informed me that he would fax over quote to pitstop. it had been awhile so i again contacted pit stop. i finally had a response through text saying i can call his manager het texted me her info and said the estimate was on her desk. i called the manager brenda 702-835-0956 left a few messages. finally we talked and she said they were denying the claim. i said why and explained to her again what happened. which is we really dont know but its broken! and it worked before i went to their car wash. she said she would get back to me. again i wait and call her. she tells me they are denying it because the guy dried the drivers side first then i opened the mirrors. i again say the attendant told me the video did not record that. i tell her again it was fine when i drove in, followed the directions and left with it broken. also told her that i was told by some one else that they too had a broken mirror from the same car wash and the car wash had fixed it. her reply was " if it was a forty dollar fix, there would be a solution" i was shocked and replied that because i have an expensive car you guys wont fix it. she replied that she did not mean it that way. i then asked for her superiors number, she told me there was no one else i said there has to be someone above you she replied the owner i said fine what is his name and number and she told me she would not give it to me. i said are you serious im calling my insurance and better business brae she said i will show them the video. i said ok because the attendant already told me it did not get the other side of vehicle. she said i will have him call you and gave me his name. after a couple days i had no call then i called left voicemail on brenda's work phone. a few days later i received a voicemail from the owner with no return number and said he would call again. which he never did.
4	Gas here was great but it was a bit cold for my liking.  This is not a tip but a review so I need to add more words. The gas was priced well. I was in the backseat so I don't know how easy the pump was to use. I like the smell of gasoline.
1	I hope this place burns to the ground, i have walked out of this place more than a few times because the employees are screwing around behind the counter talking and joking taking forever, (a few times there were three or more employees back there laughing and carrying on while a line grows and there is one register open)  my wife and i have come to the realization thats just gonna happen every time we go in there so we stopped. on a whim i decided to give it another shot tonight and walked in for a cold drink and the entire area for drinks was shut off because " they just waxed the floor and i couldn't go back there". This is why i hope it burns to the ground and the ground is stomped on so nothing grows in its place!!!!!
