3	The restaurant is clean, and service was friendly. The beef terriyaki is tasty. I've had better Hawaiian BBQ chicken elsewhere. The protein portion was small. Considering there is not much variety of eats in Buckeye, this place is a good alternative to the fast food joints.
5	Very clean they are also very nice you also can call in orders.
4	I love Hawaiian BBQ. This place is clean and bright with cute little decor and a very friendly staff.They have all the standards and everything was good. A great alternative when you only have time for fast food, but don't want a burger or fries etc. A good assortment of tropical drinks, teas and soft drinks too.
1	We have been going to Hula Hawaiian BBQ in Buckeye since it opened. At the beginning they were competing with the local Chinese joint. Hula's food was not great, but it was good and the portions were very generous. Later on the local Chinese joint went t!ts up and Hula was the only remotely Asian place in town. Lately the quality of the food has gone downhill and the portions leave much to be desired. The prices, however, didn't change; we spend on average $20 there. Today, 8/23/2011 at around 7pm, I went with my family again but only my wife ordered food totaling about $12 and me and my 8yo son brought a couple of sandwiches from Quiznos next door. Like we always do, we all shared on my wife's drink. We've always had free refills at Hula but today, when I sent my son to refill his soda he was told that we couldn't because we brought food from outside and can't share. WTF??? REALLY??? After I've spent hundreds of $ in that place over the years they're denying a kid a $.05 refill? Well, we're done! That $.05 soda refill just cost you our business. Buckeye is a very small town and restaurants here can't afford to lose business. That explains why the joint was empty. Oh joy! They're opening a Panda Express next door!
2	This is the fourth hawaiian barbecue place I been to is by far the worst. No teriyaki sauce and katsu sauce which are a given of any Hawaiian barbecue place! Was given soy sauce/glowing red over processed sweet and sour sauce with my food instead. Macaroni in the salad was over cooked and mushy with some type of seasoning that looked like pepper. It was also runny using a low quality mayo and missing the sprinkles of carrot shavings that I'm so used to in a good Hawaiian macaroni salad. The barbecue chicken was dry and could not taste any of the marinade it was supposed to be cooked in. The bed of vegetables was old dry cabbage resembling the fake grass you see in an easter basket. This menu was confused if it should have been hawaiian barbecue or ghetto chinese food of south phoenix. The elderly Asian couple was very friendly and service was quick which should be expected being the only customer in there. The place was clean compared to the next closest one in Avondale. Location is among a lot of other fast food places and can easily be overlooked. I might give this place a second chance the next time I am that far west again and am have a craving for something hawaiian.
5	Excellent food and service.  I have been to many Hawaiian BBQs (and even have family members who run a few stores of another chain in Southern California), and this particular location definitely deserves 5 stars in my opinion.  The food was fresh, tasted great, the portions were good sizes for the prices.  The hostess was very friendly to myself and my kids, and this location is very clean.  I had the teriyaki chicken mini bowl and my husband had the seafood plate with fish, shrimp, and BBQ beef.  We were very impressed with the quality, freshness, and flavors of everything we received.We will definitely keep this on the list of quality family friendly restaurants in Buckeye.
1	They are closed, out of business
