1	I agree with RJ - the 5 star review and the posted photos appears to be from the restaurants GM per their Facebook page. That's not good Yelp etiquette.
5	The living social deal got us here & we liked it very much, cute little place!! Excellent food, great service, & live music.  It's new, so no Friday night crowd yet which was nice!  I'm sure things will pick up. We each ordered the bruchetta of which you chose 3 from the large selection. Then we ordered the mini paninni appetizer as our meal, you get your choice of 3 kinds per order, so it was a great sampling of their flavors for our 1st time here. $3 bottles of beer too!
5	I've been eating at Mumbles for a few weeks now. I've been 3 times and I really love it. The food is delicious and presented very nicely. They also make a great iced coffee drink that is loaded with mocha and caramel goodness.I'll be back often. Hopefully I can make it on the music nights some time.
4	We stopped in for lunch a few Saturdays ago and were pleasantly surprised by the food and service that we received at what from the outside appears to be a fairly nondescript establishment.  My husband ordered a veggie wrap and I had the chicken taco salad and asked them to go light on the cheese and to substitute salsa in place of the chipotle dressing.  My salad arrived exactly as I had ordered it, the ingredients were fresh, and the salsa flavorful.  My husband's veggie wrap was also very tasty and had fresh ingredients and a soft, high quality tortilla.  We sat on the patio and the waiter was quick in refilling our drinks and providing service.The chef is an incredibly nice guy and brought us some complimentary "granita", which is an Italian shaved ice made with fruit juice and no additional sugars.  He explained that this dessert is made by freezing the mixture in a pan and scraping the pan with a fork every 15 minutes to create the light, fluffy shaved ice texture.  The granita was so delicious, we would go back just for that!  I certainly hope that others will give Mumbles Place a try as this is a great little place that we really hope stays around.
5	Saw a deal on Living Social so decided to give this place a try.  So glad we did!!My hubby started with a Mumble's Margarita-  it was delicious!  This is coming from a gal who doesn't like margaritas!  It was so good in fact, I decided to order one for myself.  We tried to squeeze the manager for his secrets.  He wouldn't divulge them all, but they do make their own sour mix which makes such a huge difference!! We ordered a caprese salad as a starter-- and then each had an entree.  I had a wrap and my husband ordered one of their panini's.  All of the items we had were fresh and delicious!!  They did a very unique take on what would normally be very traditional menu items.  Nothing over the top but simple- such as adding fresh dill & parsley to the caprese salad, which surprisingly turbo charged the flavors! The service was very attentive and friendly.  I enjoyed it so much I brought my friend here for lunch the next day.  We both ordered different items and they were equally as delicious as the day before.All in all- the place has alot of potential.  Great food, friendly atmosphere at mid-range prices.  Only suggestion I would make is they need a big sign up top so people know where to go.
4	I bought a living social deal for this place and was NOT disappointed.The food was delicious, as were the drinks. The bartenders were super nice. We actually chatted w/ them for a while since we were the only people in there for a while.The chef tried out new menu items on us, so good!
4	Dad and I came here for lunch. They had options of either a quesadilla-type wrap or a panini.I got the italian-type panini "new jersey" or something. It was so good with the panini bread, it was fresh-tasting. Dad got the special panini which was "Uncle Luigi" which was similar to mine, but with turkey. My dad loved every bite of his sandwich. They came with a small serving of potato chips.We would definitely come back!
4	A surprise winner!  I avoided going to Mumbles for almost two months, since every time I passed the place was empty.  What a mistake!  From the outside it seems to be just another bar that serves sandwiches.  But these are not ordinary sandwiches.  The fresh paninis are just different enough to wake up your taste buds.  Try a Long Island Louie.  Better yet, check out the hot-pressed tortillas.  Think of it as a roll-up pressed into a panini oven and grilled, then sliced into quarters and served standing up like a sushi roll with a dipping sauce.  I had the Mumbles Crumbles with shaved beef, tomatoes, onions, peppers, and a blue cheese sauce.  Great!And ask about dessert.  Don't be discouraged that there's nothing on the menu except granita.  The banana split was a delight.  I don't even like banana splits but was talked into it after being shown a picture.  It was not your usual gooey mess, but had a single banana sliced, covered with sugar, then broiled to caramelize it, topped with three  small scoops of ice cream, nuts, berries, brownie bites and pound cake bites.The atmosphere was cozy on the inside with a cute patio in front.  The service was very friendly, but a bit too slow to warrant five stars.
2	Meh. Not very hoppin'. Bartenders aren't too informative. A little awkward. Wouldn't recommend the place.
1	Prob the worst dining experience I've had. Overpriced. Empty (it's obvious why - first RED FLAG). Sub-par food, even worse service. Stopped in because I wasn't in the mood for sushi or pizza, which are the only other options in the plaza. Ate half of my bland sandwich, the chipotle chicken (WHAT CHIPOTLE!?), and left. I stopped at McDonald's on the way home. And you know what? Even though I regretted that, it was still a huge step up from this dump. Try at your own risk...
1	Utter garbage and one of the worst places I have ever dined at. It is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant/bar that it pretty difficult to find. Arrived at 6:50PM and there was one waitress/bartender and one cook.I was not greeted upon entry and ended up just sitting down. The waitress was either playing with her phone all night or talking to the gentleman at the bar, After given a menu, waitress did not come back for another 10 minutes. Ordered. Appetizer arrived and was not served plates so ate off the board. A Chipotle Chicken  panini took over 30 minutes to come out, with the wrong side order and a ton of onions and instead of correcting it - just took it because I was sick of waiting. The chocolate cake took 10 minutes to come out, it was pretty good - ended up having a hair in it. I was leaving and I was the one who said goodbye - the customer.Do not come here. Period.
4	Great f'ing food.  Panini's are substantial, didn't finish as a lunch.  Could even split.  Favorite is Cuban, $10, done.  One of the better kept secrets in the area....typically pretty empty during the day.
