5	Soho Japanese Restaurant is amazing! Went there for their grand opening and had an amazing lunch. Strip quality food at local prices. If you go there for lunch try one of their awesome lunch specials for only $8.95! Each bento box comes with Miso soup with negi and tofu, green salad with a tangy and satisfying vinaigrette, choice of entree, and a side of steamed white rice. As for the sushi rolls, unbeatable quality! Fish is so fresh you can taste the difference. Another positive note is service. Our waitress Rachel was so attentive and helpful with tons of suggestions on what to try. When it came time for dessert, we were blown away by the Green Tea Tiramisu and Creme Brulee! So creamy and full of rich flavors. Soho is definitely worth all five stars.
5	This restaurant is recently opened on October 7th, by John Lee, former executive chef from Social House in Crystals at CityCenter. Went there for lunch, and it has excellent lunch specials for $8.95. It is not an "all-you-can-eat" sushi restaurant, but the quality of the food is outstanding; the sushi and sashimi are fresh, and the portion of the lunch boxes will not disappoint!!!   In addition, this unique restaurant will have a live guitarist playing at the restaurant on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights starting at 6pm until 9pm!!! No other Japanese restaurant in town I've known does live music. Definitely will be going back there for dinner and enjoying the live music.
5	What a excellent surprise! We were in Vegas for the weekend and heard that this new sushi restaurant will be a hidden local gem as many kitchen staffs are from famous restaurants.  Went there at the grand opening day out of curiosity. So glad that we were adventurous. Excellent food in affordable prices.  Top quality sashimi,  great presentation.  The lunch set is less than $9.  we ordered Salmon and loco Moco and both were awesome.  The miso cod fish is definitely the best miso fish I've ever had. Yes. SOHO deserves 5 stars !
5	Edamame and California roll.  Simple lunch, prepared and served well.  Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.
5	I have never tasted such fresh quality of fish except on Las Vegas Blvd in one of the casinos, but the prices in this place is so much less expensive than what I usually pay at the casinos.  This food in this place is definitely strip quality with local pricing.   I will definitely tell all my friends and family to try this place out.
5	New restaurant in the neighborhood, thought we would check it out.  Outstanding!  We couldn't stop ourselves from ordering more and more.  Everything we tried was fresh and absolutely delicious.  The presentation was just as good as the food and the prices were very reasonable.  We will definitely be regulars from now on.  Thanks for bringing high end, strip worthy food to the neighborhood and keeping your prices great.  See you again soon.
3	Just got off Soho. I am surprised with all the 5-star reviews since unfortunately I didn't view it like how the rest did. First, let's rate the food. We had the Big Ahi Tuna, Hamachi Tostada, Shishito Pepper, Spicy Soft Shell Crab Roll, Hamachi and Ebi Nigiri, Bone-in Short Ribs, Spicy Salmon Roll and Profiteroles. For me the ones that shined were (in order): Hamachi Tostada (I like the combination of yuzu and hamachi), Hamachi Nigiri (very fresh and just melts in your mouth), Bone-In Short Ribs (tender and just falls off the bone, it just needs a tad soy sauce to make it perfect), and lastly the profiteroles (I liked the delicate pistachio cream in it even though the pastry was on the hard side).The rolls that we tried were just average. Now, let's describe the highlight of our experience...SERVICE!We were greeted by this short, tattooed server that has gauges in his ear. He asked for our drinks and my bf asked for a coke and hot water for me. So he brought the coke and a hot green tea and told us that he's having the kitchen heat me up some hot water. He took our order for appetizers. I noticed right away that the server smelled alcohol. The appetizers came and half way through my bf ordered more items on the menu. So since my hot water isn't in yet, I asked for a glass of water without ice. Then he came back with a glass of water with half full ice. I told him that I do not want ice and he kept apologizing. Next thing he screwed up was my bf's order, he asked for Amaebi nigiri but the server gave us Ebi nigiri instead (after we followed up on it since apparently he didn't hear it when we ordered it). Finally, my hot water came. Then my bf ordered the spicy salmon roll. When we were almost done with all the stuff that we ordered, my bf followed up on where the salmon roll was. The server did admit this time that he forgot about it. I am giving this place 3 stars since the owner went out if his way to introduce himself to his customers and asked for reviews or else I would've given this place 2 stars. Unfortunately, the owner went to our table during the first 15 minutes of our meal so we were not able to tell him about his incompetent server. I must mention that when we told the owner that the Soft Shell Crab was over cooked, he asked us if we want a new one, we declined, in the end we were surprised that it was comped in our bill.
4	when i saw the sign go up for this place, i had very low expectations because 99% of all sushi bars are half assed sub par at best.  i was pleasantly surprised by soho... it is a mini nobu/ social house neighborhood restaurant with really good food at very approachable prices.  ive eaten here twice and everything has been top notch quality and executed to perfection.  the only negative for me is that they close early.  but this is an awesome little spot with a comfortable ambiance...
5	4.572989027792333 starsWhen you combine the quality of ingredients, service and tremendous value, Soho is a place worth coming back to again and again.  Dinner for 4 came out to around $60 before tip and we got to try a nice variety of dishes.It was easy to see and taste the high grade fish they used right off the bat in the "Seared Tuna Special" which included crispy shallots, sweet onion, micro greens and chili oil combined with super fresh nigiri cuts of maguro.  This was a terrific mix of flavors.  $11!  That's about 50% off the strip price.  I almost wished I didn't have to share it.  I couldn't turn my back on the $3 (!!) Soho Tostadas and went with the tuna with Hawaiian poke sauce.  The tostada itself was made of taro and there were some delicious chunks of tuna on top mixed with cilantro and avocado cream.  Another great starter for sure.  The rock shrimp done tempura style was also nice portion for $7 and came with 3 unique sauces that I fail to remember the details of since my wife was seriously sweating the end of the Seahawks/Rams Monday night game due to some sports bets she had.  It was nice they had one TV up.Hydro Bibb Black Cod for $5 was a total freakin tease that ensured I'll get a full order of miso marinated black cod the next time.  Even the smaller portioned cod were cooked really well and the combo of cool lettuce, crispy wontons and fish was kind of like a deluxe protein taco.  Those all were excellent opening acts for what I was personally here for which was the short rib dish.  Ever since I saw that one picture of all those short ribs being grilled, I knew it was destiny!  It totally delivered.  The one rib was like something out the The Flintstones and tasted as good as it looked.  It was juicy and so tender that you could've just picked at it with chopsticks sans fork and knife.  The chef and owner of Soho, John Chien Lee, stopped by our table to ask how things were and gave us a breakdown on the business.  We were still open to one more dish so I asked him for a recommendation.  He asked what we liked and we said salmon.  He asked if we wanted something cooked or raw and we said raw.  He said he'd make something special for us off the menu (YES!) and 10 minutes later brought over this delectable dish with 8 pieces of scallop wrapped with salmon topped with a little green, lemon and some other stuff I can't remember.  John whipped up this dish thinking it would be a great finish to the meal after the heaviness of the short rib and MAN was he right.  Then he told us it was on the house!  Thanks, John!!  I suck for not taking photos of anything.  Las Vegas strip quality for locals!  Check it out.
5	The service here is amazing.! Louie is so friendly and nice, and the chef and owner was so nice and came over to our table to welcome us. The food has tremendous flavor, and freshness. I will look forward to my next dining experience here.
5	Some of the best japanese cuisine on or off-strip. The kitchen staff has a deep and wide history, and I could taste this in the depth of flavor they bring to each dish.  Their lunch prices are ridiculously low, and they might offer the best bento box deal in town.  (Although I don't believe they call it a bento.)  The dinner offering is much more diverse than lunch.  The food is instantly familiar, and the quality of product and preparation is of top-quality.  I can easily see myself taking friends from out of town here instead of bringing them to the strip.
5	Damn! I don't know how better to start off this review. Just had dinner there tonight for the first time after wanting to try a new place and reading the yelp reviews. I am so happy I went and tried this place. When I first walked in, we were greeted by the friendly staff. We sat at the bar and the gentleman asked us for our drink order. Being a big fan of beers my attention was quickly drawn to the cooler. I noticed they had some unique craft beers that I've never seen before (which is a surprise in a sushi restaurant anyways), but i was sold on a Japanese beer that I've never before (great beer by the way, forgot the name but has a white label, almost looks like a sake bottle) and a craft of lychee sake, which had to been some of the best I've had!  The the gentleman went on to explain some of the popular items on the menu, such as the sashimi, rolls, short rib,etc.   After we ordered a couple of recommendations we met the owner John as well as some of his other chefs. Do yourself a HUGE favor when you go, put the menu away when you look at it and let John and his crew hook you up!!! I can't describe how epic the dishes where they were creating for us. And don't worry, prices here are VERY reasonable!!! We ate a ton, majority off the menu with lots of booze and our bill was about $100. The short rib is an absolute must and hands down the best on the planet. They braise it for 8 hours and glaze it in a homemade veal  stock. The fish is so fresh, no cloudiness or weird texture. Just really amazing and everything is made in the restaurants from sauces to deserts. I can go on and on about Soho but you have to go. I went based on a yelp review and I'm so glad I did. Hopefully you'll have an opportunity to experience this culinary marvel as well!!!Happy Eatings!!!
5	Amazing food - I loved the salmon and scallop sashimi and the beef rib entree. I could do that nearly every day.
5	Went here for lunch for the first time and all I can say is AMAZING!  the food here is what you would expect from a restaurant on the strip top notch!  Real crab in the sushi rolls and CHEAP!  I will be back!
5	All I'm going to say is this was a top ten experience in my life...I appreciate the fact that the owner is very passionate about his quality of food..ive never said this in a review but thank you for the awesome and memorable experience..and thank you for being walking distance from where I live
5	This place is so good. Everything is fresh and the service is very friendly. Chef Gene prepared an amazing seafood salad and sashimi for my friend and I. The edamame and peppers were delicious, and something I would have never tried on my own, I definitely recommend! The lunch special is very reasonably priced and has several options to choose from. I can't wait to go back and try others.
4	Must tries: sashimi appetizer plates, rock shrimp tempura, black cod, and braised short ribs (especially good).I tried this one their opening week, and made the comment that their braised short ribs were delicious, but needed something to cut the fat. Next week I came back and they added a little micro green salad and it was perfect.It means a lot when you see a restaurant take your feedback and implement it so quickly.
5	Finally, a great sushi spot off the strip.  You got to try to their sashimi platters, I couldn't stop eating them.  Also, the bone in short rib was amazing.  I will defintly be going back. A must try.
4	Some of the flavors repeat in dishes, but they have a good variety of selections to mix it up. The Toban soup was unique, a seafood soup served in a teapot and teacups.  After drinking, you eat the seafood out if the pot! Miso cod is deelish, beef tataki is fresh and zesty with ponzu. Garlic Soft shell crab was a bit cold n soggy, may have been a delay from counter to table?  I'm willing to give it another shot, of beer! They have Orion beer from Okinawa, I always like to have the obscure beers. Service is good as it should be for this type of venue and the staff are not noobs to the industry... SOHO, SOcial HOuse?  Hmmmmmm... And desert was awesome and I'm not a BIG desert guy, pastry puff w pistachio creme filling n blue/raspberry trim. Tantalizing to the tastebuds!!  The southwest is starting to develop some really good venues!! Sake bomb!!!!!
3	The food was OK nothing memorable IMO. We ordered almost all the rolls except the veggie roll... there was this bento box type thing that was a good deal bc it came with soup, salad, and a meat, sashimi, or chicken depending on what you ordered but nothing great. I'd maybe come back if my friends wanted to but I probably wouldn't crave this place.
5	SOHO Japanese Restaurant located on Jones & Warm Spring (right by Chevron) I finally got to go on a sushi date with my Lola... And I have to say this place was fantastic! They just opened up about a month ago and I want nothing more than to see this business boom. I sat at the bar and the owner Jon gave me the best service! I had the BEST uni I have ever had and some of the freshest sashimi (yellowtail, salmon, scallops, hamachi, snapper, aji). LOVED the shishito peppers and the Hawaiian poke tostada. He even went as far as giving me one of their speciality sashimi dishes on the house and surprised me with another order of peppers as we left since he knew my mom called me asking for some to go! I'm really hoping the locals will come here! I look forward to trying their green tea tiramisu, short ribs, and their 8.50 lunch special!
3	This is a review I'll probably come back to update if I ever take the chance to try this place again. Why? ... a little story first.Fourteen or so Yelpers organized by LJ ended up trying out Soho in a UYE. I was excited to try this place as there was a decent amount of very positive reviews, and also it was literally one minute and thirty seconds from my house.We were seated promptly and it was great that they could accommodate a large party on relatively short notice.Unfortunately, our server was quite insistent that he decide the menu for us. While some people were open to the idea, I don't think it worked out for our group. I tried to voice that some of us aren't really interested in a full tasting menu and would rather order some items that we had read about. Instead of listening carefully, he kind of brushed it off saying "well if there's something you want to try, I'll incorporate it." A lot of the positive reviews lauded the place for the friendly service and good prices, but I wasn't able to experience this, honestly. When someone has a tasting menu somewhere, we get to see prices of the items being brought out as well as a lineup of items. I didn't want to insist because I was afraid of ruining the experience for others, as well as not wanting to speak for others, but honestly I felt cornered by our server.So out came item after item. Wagyu this, rib that, tostada this, shrimp that. Some were okay, some were great, and some were complete passes. I was having a good time, though the food wasn't as exciting because, well, I didn't really choose nor was I able to anticipate anything, having not even seen a list of what would be served. As many have said before, the most appetizing dish for me ended up being the ribs, though having to split it among the table made it so I didn't get a lot of what I really wanted. The others that I found tasty were cod lettuce cups, the In the end, our bill came out, and we actually ended the meal a little early because I don't think most people were prepared to spend a lot here. It still came out to 36 dollars a person, and it didn't seem as if most of our group was particularly happy with how they handled it. It was a single check, with item after item and autograt - so there's no incentive for the server to do anything but throw items at us. And it's not exactly like they brought out something made specially for us. I even went home and ate after the meal.As a side note, one of the bussers spilled a plate full of wagyu sauce on the back of one of the ladies at the table and didn't even notice until we said something. While it can't be totally blamed on the busser as it was certainly unintentional, it was just another thing that made the night less spectacular than it should have been.I'm definitely willing to try Soho again, and hopefully I will get to choose what I eat next time. I would like to thank LJ, though, for setting up the event!
5	Sushi soho is our new favorite Japanese spots. The service is fabulous. Attentive but not overly so. The owner recognizes you when you walk in. The fish is some of the freshest around to. Love the seared tuna appetizer. They also have soy wrappers for the nori haters among us.
5	This place is amazing. The quality of the fish and food quality is top notch fresh. I love salmon and I usually get some derivative of a salmon lover roll and seaweed salad whenever I go out for sushi. After hearing about my love of salmon, John, the owner and chef told me that he would make something very special for me. He ended up bringing me the most delicious sashimi salmon salad. It wasn't any salad. There were so many big pieces of salmon sashimi in there I was in heaven! .... It melted in my mouth and was super fresh.  If u go here, know that u don't have to just order off the menu. Just look for John and tell him what u like. He used to be the executive chef at Social House sushi at Aria so the stuff he makes is top grade. I will definitely be back!!
4	Very impressed with the quality of the sushi. The yellowtail sashimi was delicious!! The chef made a special roll for my daughter. The owner was very friendly and came around to check on us. Service was good.
5	I feel like I just started dating someone and I KNOW he's going to be my husband.. It's one thing to have great sushi. It's another to have great sushi down the street from your home... but it's another to have great sushi, down the street from your home, AND behind a Chevron gas station. Think Lotus of Siam in proximity to the Green Door.I read the reviews of my trusted yelpers so yes, I was pretty confident I was going to have a great meal with great service. I didn't, however, expect to have my tastebuds orgasm from my first bite to the last sliver of dessert. I love great sushi but I've become lazy in my years. It's easier to train my palate to accept good AYCE sushi then train my wallet for the $$$ and gas to drive 10 miles for top quality cuts of fish. So after just one amazing dinner at Soho, I'm beyond thrilled that Strip Sushi at Local prices now truly exists.I started out with the Yellowtail sashimi - with tempura jalapeno, micro cilantros, garlic oil, and yuzu soy - I was told this was a chef signature dish.WOW really sums it up. I would have paid at leasst 20 dollars for that plate but it was only 10. Next up was a salmon tostada, rock shrimp tempura, and the tuna box sushi roll. The tostada was delicious... at 3 bucks a pop - I know that I could order like 5 of those things and be deliriously happy with myself. The taro tostada was light (be careful it may break) but just perfect and the avocado cream and cilantro sauce mixed with the freshest salmon I've had in a long while --- all of this adds up to Ahhhhh-mazing. The box sushi was just the cutest. Oh, and it had the perfect combination of textures and flavors.  The little crunchy rice cracker balls on the bottom combined with just the right amount of rice, tuna sushi, avocado and topped with a layer of shrimp. It's mouthwatering just to write about again.Do you have a non-fish eating loved one in your life like I do? Well, the jidori chicken is "the best chicken dish I've ever had" says my non-fish eating husband. He is going to try the spare ribs next -- I'm so glad that the non-sushi items are just as good because that is the dealmaker in this household.Soho's service is top notch. The chef owner John Chien Lee is just a delight to talk to. His visit to our table really added a nice touch to one of my most memorable meals.If you love sushi, if you love strip sushi, if you love all you can eat sushi, if you love sushi but haven't been able to afford Kabuto, Nobu, Kumi, Koi, Okada, Yonaka, or Sushi Roku ----- whatever part of town you are in --- put this on your list of MUST-TRYs.... You won't be disappointed. You will have a great experience that you'll tell your family, friends, coworkers, fellow yelpers, and just anyone who will listen.If I wasn't married,  or if you actually could marry a sushi restaurant, I would be married to Soho with children by now...it's that good.
5	ok so this place is great and was really fun to have dinner at.  its like Japanese tapas exploding in your mouth.  at one point the owner/chef came to our table to say hello, he was very nice, and offered to make something special that turned out to be yummy.  would definitely come back over and over again.  thanks for the good time... a new fave!!!
5	Such a great sushi place and I love that it is so close to home. The salmon sashimi and salmon hand rolls were so fresh!  The service was excellent, especially since the chef even came to our table to introduce himself. He even made us a sample of the Hawaiian Poke which was delicious! My mom even told him that it was the best poke she ever had.  They  had a great  happy  hour menu and I cant wait to go back to try more dishes :)
5	Just came from lunch at this wonderful new restaurant. Delicious, fresh, and reasonably priced! At the end of our meal the owner John came out to ask us how we liked it. We had a lovely conversation, and when he found out we liked uni, he ordered complimentary uni for all six of us. My husband and I are pretty fussy about uni, and it was fantastic. Go now while you can still get a seat !
5	WOW! I cannot tell you enough how much I love Soho!  I have been searching for some new great spots on the southwest side of town and sadly, there aren't many. So naturally, when I read that former Executive chef of Social House (John Chien Lee) opened his own restaurant, I was thrilled!! I have always loved Social House but think their prices are outrageous for the portion sizes you get. The Sashimi Sampler at S.H. was my favorite but the fish was cut so thin and skimpy and was $28!  BUUUUUTTTT not at Soho! The Yellowtail Sashimi appetizer was only $10 and the yellowtail was cut THICK and was out-of-this-world delicious!!  DO NOT miss! I repeat: DO NOT MISS!! (I wanted to order 10!!!) We also ordered a simpl spicy tuna roll off the Happy Hour Menu and 6 Poke "Tostadas". All very very delicious and very inexpensive!!!!The rolls were A-MAZING! We tried the Dragon Twin, Spicy Soft Shell Crab roll, the Sunny Salmon Roll and goodness.....the quality of the fish is SO FRESH! I have to admit, its been a long time since i've had such fresh fish in Las Vegas. Oyishi is usually my local hang, and though I love it... I feel as of late, the quality of fish has really gone downhill at points and its totally bummed me out! (That's why I've been on the search for a new spot!) One nice touch is that they also offer a hot brown rice Japanese tea and its complimentary, which is a nice alternative to the traditional green tea and its really really yummy!To top off the whole experience, Chef Lee came out and asked us how our dinner was! He was so kind and actually mentioned that he takes the freshness of his seafood very seriously! To which I replied... "It's the first thing I noticed!" followed by... "I'm your biggest fan and telling everyone I know!!"Without a doubt this is going to be my new spot. I want to eat here every night of the week! Ohhhhh, I'm drooling just thinking about it.....
5	Came here for lunch and dinner.... Food was spectacular!!! Had the server surprise us and also added a few dishes we wanted to try ourselves... Everything was delicious!!! Uni was super fresh and sweet and they don't use seaweed on it.. Hmmmmm!!! Sashimi was thick and fresh.. Short ribs was so tender it falls off the bone and don't need a knife to cut it.. High quality food was low price!!! Would recommend all my friends to come try it!!
5	we tried Soho last week and now this is undoubtedly our favorite neighbourhood restaurant...live music,excellent food and friendly service are the highlights of this place..we tried lychee sake, shrimp and short rib and they were top class...the owner also gave as a free egg rolls which was yummy too...definitely 5 stars from me
5	Eureka! I can honestly say that this is one of my top sushi experiences. I am hesitant to rave due to skeptical readers, but while in Las Vegas for work I found this on Yelp and Lord, were we thrilled! We had the Yellowtail appetizer and it was every bit as good as Nobu. The soft shell crab app was outstanding. The fish in general insanely fresh. We probably ordered half of the menu and not only was everything perfect, it was also crazy affordable. It does not get better than this. Go. Now.
5	This place is great! Service and food are both great! The servers have a sense of humor and recommend the best items. Even the owner came to check up on our food, which made us feel important.Food wise we ordered plenty of food. We started off with the tostados. We ordered hamachi, salmon, and white fish tostado. All great! We also ordered the black cod appetizer, which had a rich taste in the fish. The tuna pizza came out next. All parts of the pizza were great; the crust was sweet and the tuna had much taste. The last, but definitely not the least, the short rib. The meat pulled right out of the bone, and the sauce is very rich, which made it filling. This place has amazing food and I recommend this place!
5	Can't beat SOHO!!! Presentation, flavor and price!!!!! Do yourself a favor and enjoy this incredible Japanese restaurant.
5	You must try this place!!!  The interior is ok, I hope they upgrade the exhaust system since it smelled a little like a stinky-fried-food Chinese restaurant.  The first server we had was terrible, but it turns out it was his first day.  All the other servers are super knowledgeable and awesome. The prices are super reasonable for the quality of food.  The Chef used to be the Executive Chef of Social House on the strip so he knows all the vendors and gets top notch ingredients.  The hubby is super sensitive to uni and if it's just a smidge not fresh he will pick up on it and claim it to be "fishy" or "too slimy".  He RAVED about the uni here and even ordered himself seconds!  Trust, this has never happened before (not even at Raku or Kabuto or Yonaka).  The chef is dedicated to making sure his food is extremely fresh and clean tasting. We tried the yellowtail, the tostadas, beef tataki, angus gyoza, butter lettuce cod, and crispy rice tuna roll.  All were amazing, especially the yellowtail, tuna poke tostada, and cod (as well as some other nigiri and sashimi we had).  I would pass on the gyoza and crispy rice.  Gyoza was limp (and I guess I still prefer traditional pork) and a tad too greasy.  Crispy rice roll is a great concept, just didn't care for the actual crispy rice.  It was kind of stale and not crisp.  Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu - they also have HH.  The toastadas are only $1 each.  I might just have to go and get like 10 of the ahi poke toastadas.
5	If you're a fan of modern Japanese -- the kind that Nobu made popular and places like Social House reimagined -- you'll love the food at Soho. The chef owner is the former executive chef at Social House and has brought his fusion-style of cooking to the 'burbs. That means Strip-quality food at off-Strip prices.The strip mall location is nothing special and the interior is quaint and understated. But, it's the food that shines at this restaurant. You can't go wrong with the yellowtail yuzu soy ($10), tuna or hamachi tostadas ($2 ea.), or the angus gyoza ($5). The miso marinated black cod ($18) is as good as any I've had on or around the Strip (including the one at Nobu).The variety of rolls may be limited, but the quality and execution is solid. This is not an all you can eat place, so expect to spend a little more for a higher end product.The subtle sweetness and silky creaminess of the vanilla creme brulee ($5) was a great way to end the meal. If chocolate is your thing, try the chocolate mousse ($7). It's the perfect balance of sweet and bitter chocolate with cocoa crumbles and cookie pieces to add variety in texture.The chef/owner stopped by to chat, which is always a nice touch to show that he cares about the diner's experience. With beautifully presented and well crafted food, Soho is a welcome addition to the local scene. For people on a budget, like myself, it's just another reason to dine in the 'burbs instead of the Strip.
5	Excellent service and excellent food. I need not say more. Will definitely come back for more!
5	This place is DELICIOUS!!! Service, sashimi, sushi, owner, staff, and atmosphere is EXCELLENT. Everything I tried was beyond my expectations and tasted so fresh. John, the owner provided some sample dishes that was beyond my expectations. I had the best beef short rib I have ever ate and it was cooked to perfection. A must try!
5	Awesome service and the sushi was very fresh- the owner/chef John was so hospitable and took his time to talk with us.  We definitely plan to come back!
5	The food here is real good. can't go wrong with this place on any dish. all the sushi are fresh and you can tell its good quality not like those all you can eat sushi joints. the beef shank on the bone is so delicious the meat is marination tastes great and its fire grill and yet cooked perfectly tender.Chef John really knows how to cook food here if you ever become undecided just let him know and you'll take good care of you.the green tea tiramisu dessert is really good and this is coming from someone who doesn't like green tea. and the way they prepare creme brulee so perfect.plus they have great lunch specials that will fill you up too only like $9.
4	There is no hiding the fact that I am a fan of Soho Japanese Restaurant. Is the food good? Yes the food is good. Is the staff awesome? Yes Chef John Chien Lee and the staff are pretty awesome.  I could easily give Soho a 4-5 star rating.  Everytime I've been here I've been impressed more than the last. I'm sure if I was to go tomorrow I would also be impressed. When coming here you need to know that their dinner menu is a lot better than their lunch mainly because a lot of the must have items are served during dinner.  If you do come here for lunch they have this Lunch Seto for under $10 and it includes one from eight items which includes Salmon Teriyaki, Loco Moco, and Sashimi and it's served with yummy salad, rice, and miso soup.  It wasn't that bad. Here's my Sashimi Lunch Seto http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soho-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=7DpWBN02wkQ1TrtPkHVt0A#7DpWBN02wkQ1TrtPkHVt0A They also have a few sushi rolls, salads, and appetizers served during lunch.  One thing you should do is ask if they can serve any of the dinner items. I've asked twice and both times they were willing to make an item off the dinner menu. Just ask, the worst you'll get is a no and you order something else.I have many favorites one is probably the bone-in short rib, it is a must. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soho-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=j8BK5DiHa-eVduVUKJFmXA#1xEgn9UQF6V3E9rtMvs2-w It is so tender that you can cut it with a chop stick and so delicious that you'll probably want more after eating your entire order. It is a little fatty and just melts in your mouth. I'd order some rice with it but you can eat it on its own or with a sushi roll.For apps one of my favorites are the Garlic Shishito Peppers http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soho-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=j8BK5DiHa-eVduVUKJFmXA#lKya5IUtF4FBqA7I2wr0gQ they are good and I have to have them each time I'm here. They're like candy.  Another of my favorites apps are the edamame http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/soho-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=j8BK5DiHa-eVduVUKJFmXA#VtxviC2KrM4-pOYMYGdz9A it's the first time I've had it with large salt crystals and really made a different for me.  Another is the Hydro Bibb Black Cod, it is basically a marinated miso cod topped with wonton crisps in a lettuce cup. It's light and delicious.I only had one of their sushi rolls which was ok but have had majority of their non-sushi roll items, this is clearly where they excel in.  The chef is very creative, if you order ahead he'll make a very nice platter of various sushi and sashimi pieces. They have a nice big screen TV and very comfortable chairs. Sitting at the bar is a bit awkward, I kept banging my knees on the underneath parts of the counters. Spacious but does occasionally fill up. This is not All You Can Eat unless you have lots of money.
5	Great service! Great Food! Love this place.  I will come here again when I visit Vegas. Forget the strip this is a main attraction.
5	This place is amazing!! From the carefree ambiance and amazing food to the impeccable service,  this restaurant is quite a gem. Ask the chef to suprise you with a special sushi roll. You won't be disappointed!
5	Visiting from LA and WoW incredible... I own a restaurant and recommend this place for your next visit. Owner came out and introduced himself... Awesome awesome awesome...
5	Came here strictly based on Yelp reviews, and we were NOT disappointed!  This place is sooooooooooo good!  Our favorites were the shorts ribs (bone in, moist, soft, delish), the hamachi in yozu soy (the head chief/owner was nice enough to give it to us complimentary just for stopping by!!), and spicy tuna on crunchy rice sushi (so tasty).  Notable were the tosadas.  The ahi one especially.  These folks do fresh fish right!  It's not chewy or tastless like some AYCE places.  The wait staff are also very observant and friendly.  We will definitely be back!!
5	We love this place! Every meal is created with excellence and all the ingredients are always fresh! Service is fast and all the staff are very friendly! Overall experience is a 5 star! Cajun albacore is our favorite!
2	I really don't know how these guys have 5 stars on yelp.   I went expecting this place to be amazing but was pretty dissapointed. The portions were small for the price, the food came very slowly even though there were only 3-4 parties there. To be fair the servers were all very nice and friendly.  But I wouldnt go here if you're in a rush to be anywhere since I can't imagine how slow it would be on a busy night.
5	Awesome, food is great and lunch prices are reasonable. Owner came out and talked to us, very nice guy.
5	Las Vegas Strip quality and presentation ...actually better! For local pricing. Great staff and make sure to try the grill!
5	The quality of the fish is outstanding!  Some of the freshest that I have had even much  closer to the coast.  The service is attentive without being intrusive.
5	This restaurant is outstanding!  The price is unbelievable for the quality!  You will not regret giving this place a visit!  The sushi is fresh...and we've tried most sushi restaurants in there area and the service is fantastic!  I cannot recommend this place enough.Recommend...try the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy...it's fantastic!Enjoy!
5	My favorite Japanese Fusion restaurant!! 95% Order anything & you won't be disappointed!! Great service too I must add!  The owner John is pretty awesome!! He gave us free salmon wasabi creme dish that was off the hook!! :))
5	Went there tonight for dinner after reading all the reviews. . . The food was delicious and very well seasoned.  The reviews were dead on.  The food was fantastic,  the ambiance was nice and the service was what u would get on the strip.  And the prices were decent as well. The cool thing. .. the chef came by the table and introduced himself.  How many times have u gone to a restaurant to have the chef come out and say hi?!?! Freaking awesome!  :-)Definitely coming back!  Loved everything here!!!!
5	Love this place and already been in twice in less then a month, the last being NYE.  Fish is fresher than almost all other local sushi joints, while prices are very reasonable.  They have a full desert menu, of which I've had the profiteroles that are amazing.  Doesn't hurt that the owner is always there making sure every thing is perfect and it is right around the corner from my place!!
5	When you walk into this place, your immediate reaction is that it's not going to be that amazing.  It looks like a pretty normal restaurant with not particularly good atmosphere.  But the food here is excellent.  This is an excellent place to get high quality sushi/sashimi.  We ate at the sushi bar and talked w/ John, the sushi chef and owner.  He used to work at a high end restaurant on the strip and was able to maintain relations with the same fish source he used to work with.  The fish is all very fresh.  You can see in their sushi bar that they leave the fish in a block and only cut the fish as needed in preparing their dishes.  Though this seems like something all restaurants should do, I've found that other sushi restaurants around town don't necessarily do this.  Love, love, love the fish.  Also, the uni is excellent and also very well sourced.  This is one of the best sushi restaurants I've eaten at just short of when I lived in Tokyo.  Creative dishes.  They are constantly trying new flavor combinations.  Prices here are amazing for the fish quality you get.  Definitely coming back.
5	Good japanese food, great service! I can't speak well enough of the team at Soho. Went for a late lunch, we had 3 well-priced bento sets. Chef chien came out to talk to us as well, this never happens in a place when meals are priced under $10! This is the healthiest meal I had in my trip so far!
5	Delicious food, great service and a nice gift of yellowtail sashimi from the chef that was awesome! Definitely will come back next time we're in the area
5	Go go go! This is place is amazing - the sushi (choose the twin dragon!!) and service is unforgettable. The owner/chef had time to give us advise on what to choose and gave us special tastings. Next time I visit Vegas I will go again!
5	The food is incredible, the fish is fresh, and the owner takes a lot of pride in the presentation and flavors of the food!  I recommend this place to everyone who likes sushi and Japanese dining.   However, the only challenge the restaurant had was splitting checks.  We had a party of 20, and their check splitting was very inefficient and confusing.  They had split the alcohol on a separate check and all additional orders made later on through the night on another check.  Needless to say it was frustrating. When taking a large party, have everyone bring cash.  This was the only complaint of the evening.   Otherwise, food, services, and atmosphere was excellent!
5	Came here for dinner seeing reviews and after finishing a drive in from OC. Definitely off the strip, a dark drive west on Warm Springs. Not very crowded yet, which was good because we were famished, but not ready to just gorge. Looking for a delectable satisfaction vs. gluttony, which Vegas food seems to focus on. Greeted warmly and seated quickly. Received h20 quickly and given time to review menu, ask about specials, take a breath, and soak in ambience. Ordered spring roll, poke, spicy albacore, twin dragon roll and firecracker. All came out timely, without rush, fresh as can be. Owner/Chef John came over to greet us and thank us for coming. He sent over complimentary uni which was perfect.  No pressure to order alcohol, I just wasn't in the mood after a long drive, but will next time because prices were reasonable. Overall, great place to eat, perfect size, great mood, one flat screen on mute to check out the college fb game if you wanted to. I'll be back.
5	I went here with my family for lunch after my dad's friend recommended this place and I can see why. The staff here are extremely friendly and welcoming. The chef even came by our table to welcome us and thank us for coming =) A few things we ordered were the soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura roll, california roll, short ribs and the seared tuna and they were all AMAZING. The sushi here is so fresh and hand made by the chef himself. The short ribs were extremely tender and mouth watering. You didn't need a knife to cut them because it was easy to tear apart.Aside from what we ordered, the chef actually gave us yellowtail sashimi on the house!!! It was such a nice gesture and it tasted fantastic!The only downside to our visit was the main chef was not there because he was on vacation so we were not given the whole menu, BUT that's okay because I'm sure my family and I will come back again :D
3	Very disappointing, it was not bad, just not very good.Had lot's off dishes non where exceptional. This does not deserve a 5 star, more like a 3.5 to 4 stars at the most.
5	This place is outstanding.  The fish was fresh and presentation was amazing.  Chef John introduced himself and made sure our experience was exceptional. We will definitely be regulars!
5	This is as good as it gets for Japanese Sushi house in Las Vegas!  The reasons are many:  recipes, fresh ingredients, service, attention to detail and the owner is working in the business every night to make certain his standards are applied.  We ate way too much food on our first visit (the 3 month anniversary of the restaurant) but everything that came out of the kitchen looked like a work of art that we couldn't help ourselves.  We tried the yellowtail, (awesome), salmon wasabi (perfectly done) fried shrimp and fried spring rolls (unique), devil rolls (delicious) and one of their tostada dishes (a very tasty bite).  With everything, including dessert and two glasses of wine the check was under $80. You will not be disappointed traveling to Warm Springs and Jones, next to the Chevron Station, behind Lucky's.  :-)
4	Maybe I went on an off day but it was the weekend after Christmas and the start of New Years, but I thought it was good just not blow me out of the water good like fellow Yelpers below. We called to see if they were open and they were so we hopped on the 215 and headed that way. We made it for happy hour, the joys of having a toddler around. It wasn't too busy when we got there so we were seated right away. Like I said previously it was the holiday season, they had a special menu for the holidays. We ordered off of the happy hour menu, all of the tostadas, fried squid and two rolls. We then ordered from the specials menu which included uni, kushi oysters and the giant clam recommended by our server and the scallop appetizer dish as well. The tostadas came out really quick...I'm guessing the fish was already mixed in their sauces. I thought it was ok...not the freshest fishes (yellowtail, tuna, salmon, etc) but covered in sauce it still tastes good. My favorites of the night were the uni and gian clam. The uni portion was a lot bigger than I thought and totally worth the $8 or $9 bucks for 1. The oysters were delicious after all it is oyster season! The owner did introduce himself and gave us a taste of his yellowtail dish with fried Serrano peppers which was pretty good too. Overall the food was good and quality of the fish was decent with some fishies way better than others. Service was really attentive in the beginning. It seems to happen that we always have to wait about a good 10-15 minutes to even get our check lately even though we have an antsy toddler. I would probably be back some day in the near future for happy hour.
5	One of the best sushi restaurants!  Food and service was excellent! Was worth the drive from Aliante.
5	The best Japanese food I have eaten so far.  Chef John is a masterful craftsman in the kitchen.  All that he produces not only tastes great but are works of art.  Hamichi Kama was fantastic.   Lightly seasoned an cooked to perfection.   The tapas or mini tostadas erupt with flavor.  I tried the shrimp, tuna & yellowtale an they were all excellent.   Besides these I highly recommend the tempura rock shrimp, the sushi pizza and the yellow tale shashimi.  We tried several other dishes....see the pics with a bp after it...all were out of this world !!!!!  Thanks Chef John !!!
5	We loved our selections from the extensive happy hour menu.  My husband loved the tostada selections but I prefer the sashimi choices.   All are  unique in their presentations-YUM!  A big shout out to John whose  skill and knowledge was the highlight of the meal!
4	I went to Soho after reading the great Yelp reviews.  The sushi was innovative and fresh.  I can't say Soho will make me go to my favorite sushi bars less but I may come back here on occasion.  We sat at the sushi bar which was awkward because you can't fit your legs under the bar. There is a slanted piece of wood that runs the whole length of the bar that prevents you from sliding your legs under.  The chairs are very big and comfy so that makes up for it.  It was also very cold at the sushi bar so bring a jacket or dress warm if you plan to sit there.  We were both dressed warm but we were freezing.   Our favorite was probably the lettuce wrapped cod-I forgot to take a pic.Service was exceptional and attentive.  5/5  The prices 5/5 very reasonable for great quality and super fresh fish. Not a 5 star rating because I am not dying to go back.  Usually when I eat somewhere exceptional I want to rush back within the next day or two.  I will return someday though to try more menu items and I especially want to sample the desserts.Located next to the Chevron Station, behind Lucky's.
5	This place is Awesome! Food was so fresh and delicious, Customer service from all the servers were on point, Great Ambiance and everything we Ate were So satisfying!!This place is Definitely a must try. The Chef even comes out to greet you personally and introduces himself. Not a Uni fan, but am now. The Uni is so fresh!! Can't say much more you just gotta try it for yourself!I'm ashamed to say that this was my first time here, but going back tomorrow!! Thanks SoHo!
5	went to try this restaurant out , ,staff was very friendly and ask how we hear about it .. i said by using yelp.. after a few suggestion  we found the food to be very tasty and great presentation .. in the middle of the meal the owner came over to introduce himself and thank us for coming in.. He then also noticed we ordered mostly tuna so he said how about we try tuna but cooked a different way.. he then made us a small plate to try out. on the house..  found this to be very welcoming and could see the true appreciation of the owner.. will be visiting this place often and telling all my friends to try it out.. also the white peach cold saki was tasty ..
5	Amazing fresh sashimi and creative rolls. All the staff and sushi chefs are friendly and will make you something special at request. They have a variety of home made spicy sauces, which can have quite a kick! Prices are very modest for the quality and serving sizes. Overall it's one of the best I've had in quite a while, and I eat sushi all over the world.
5	Great atmosphere and everything in the restaurant were clean, including the soy sauce bottle. The fish were really fresh. The owner introduced himself to us as well and recommended some delicious ponyu sauce sashimi. The service was great, they were always there to refill your drinks and tea. Overall, I would really enjoy my visit and will come back again. Also, awesome hot sake!
5	Although I don't EVER write reviews, I felt compelled to write a review from my experience here. Our group of 5 share in this bliss with me.After a failed attempt to go to Bachi Burger (closed for maintenance the 1 day we wanted to go) we decided to Yelp another location. Randomly jumped back on Yelp as I started driving; light turned green, car started moving, executive decision whip a majorly illegal U-turn. Nonetheless we got there.First thing we (at least the males of the group) noticed were the $4 drafts of Asahi Dry. Done and done.Expecting this to be a normal sushi joint, we just order a few things to gauge the sushi quality. Our 2 friends decide to ask if they would do omakase, and the waiter said he'd ask the chef/owner if this was okay. Let me tell you, those 2 made the best decision of the trip.Having heard that we wanted omakase, the chef/owner John decided to pay our table a visit (he visited almost every table while we were there dining). Asked what kind of dished the guys would like, but mainly we just left it up to him.2 of our group shared the tostados and were amazed how good they were, so I decided to order all 6 that were on the menu. These little things were packed with so much flavor in various forms. No two were the same and they were just great.For the rest of us that didn't get the omakase, here's how we ended upTostados HamachiTakoAlbacorePhilly RollAngus Beef TatakiI love my philly roll for some reason, and right when I ate the first piece, I was confused. The fish quality and texture alone were completely different than anything I have ever had. Maybe I'm still a n00b to great sushi, but I have definitely not had that texture from DC, Cali, NYC, Boston or anywhere else I've ever eaten sushi.The rest of the sashimi was just as good and at that point we knew we were in for a treat.Tuna poke that was special reminded me of Hawaii. The flavors were nice and acidic with that mellow undertone of sesame oil.Tuna, sliced beef, fish, oysters, uni, EVERYTHING we had was good. For some odd reason there is a beef short rib on the menu, and even that was good. The guys got that as part of their omakase and it is normally a $30 item at any "fine dining" place. They had about 6 or 7 courses in their tasting.. the grand total $40 for their omakase. Simply amazing.By the end of the night we were wanting to throw money at the owner. Literally. They forgot to include the omakase in our bill at first, but we felt so compelled to pay them and told them to correct our bill. Sub $250 bill with beers, 2 omakases, a ton of other dishes for 5 people. Can't be beat.Chef John even prepared a few special things not on menu for us to all try. Simply amazing. Seriously, if we didn't have a flight to catch, we were all in agreement we would've just stayed there and said, here's $100, do what you can. Having had tastings from some of the best chefs in the US, this one would surely be right up there with all of them.Don't like the food, just fly back into Vegas, and I'll go again with you to taste it again. Chef John Lee, kudos to you sir. After 3 months and the reviews of this place are already pegging your restaurant as one to look out for.
5	Best New Sushi restaurant in town by far!  The White fish soup and specialty rolls were all creative and delicious.  Must try the tostadas!
5	Love it, love it, love it!  Soho is indeed a hidden gem located beside Chevron gas station along S. Jones cor Warm Springs.  My hubby and I are sushi fanatics who continuously search for a good sushi place.  Based on reviews from fellow yelpers, we tried Soho Japanese Restaurant for lunch and we were not disappointed.  Sometimes, yelp reviewers miss the mark, but this time they were spot on. We ordered the salmon and tuna tostada for appetizers.  The freshness of the fish which was perfectly seasoned (excellent blend of citrus, salt and oil) got me hooked at first bite.  The wasabi cream was smeared on the crunchy, flaky tostada, the salmon and tuna were topped with fresh herb that had a similar taste to cilantro/parsley which gave the concoction a refreshing twist.  At this point, the chef/owner, John approached our table to introduce himself.  He was a very likeable guy who obviously wanted his customer/guest to be happy with the food selection.  He offered us a delicate dish of Hamachi layered on top of a mixture of garlic infused grape seed oil with hint of shoyu and topped with mild sliced jalapeno.  Again, perfection!  This was only topped by the fact that it was complimentary!  John surely knows how to woo his customers, and it definitely worked.I had the rainbow roll which was equally good.  The sushi rice was cooked and seasoned just right and of course, the fish, shrimp and crab eggs were quite fresh.  Hubby wanted a chirashi bowl, but it was not on the menu.  They had a sashimi item on the lunch special menu but no chirashi.  However, because John was so gracious and accommodating, he made it happen for my hubby who was very happy and satisfied with his choice.  The service at Soho was fast and friendly, a worthy companion to the exceptional sushi creations.  We will definitely be back for happy hour (4-6pm, Mon-Sat) with friends who would definitely love this place as well. Thank you chef John and Louie, our attentive  server.  We will see you soon.
5	Too good for words!  Amazing service and even better food! I  can't wait to come back and try more! Charles was our server and did an excellent job recommending dishes! The chef came over a few times to check on us and even sent out food for us to try!
5	It's so damn good. I'm pretty picky about where I eat sushi since I have allergies to seafood, but am completely addicted to veggie sushi. Charles was our server and he was incredible. The entire staff (even in the kitchen) was super friendly and didn't hesitate to offer up suggestive  as well as special off the menu options. The owner (chef) came out and spoke with us and offered amazing food!! Definitely a great spot/vibe will be back again
5	Three of us went here a few days ago because of the Yelp 5 star reviews.  Wow what amazing sushi!We sat at the sushi bar and were given the option to order from the menu or leave it up to the chef.  Was a little reluctant after leaving it to the Sushi Chef in Vancouver once which turned out to be a bad and expensive experience but I did it anyways.  We had several courses of amazing shashimi with sauces, cooksed fish, rolls, and then even amazing desserts.  I would have to say this was the best sushi I have had and the price was very good for this amazing meal.  Significantly lower than the strip.  The chef/owner was very nice and appreciative of our business.Can't wait to go back.Jeff
5	Finally! Quality over quantity. SOHO rocks... flavors are amazing and fresh. My new sushi spot for sure! Unmatched in southwest las vegas.
5	Hands down the best sushi in town! The freshest and tastiest sushi! The SOHO specials cold dishes are to die for! From the yellowtail Yuzu, the seared tuna special to the amazing Cajun albacore!
5	I won't bore you of details that have been explained time and time again with Soho. Chef John Lee and staff are simply amazing and artist when it comes to food. Put this place on your bucket list if you haven't already done so, you surely won't be disappointed. A near perfect rating on yelp explains a lot about Soho, and I'm glad I found this little gem hidden around the corner of my house. I came in here for my girlfriends birthday, they were very accommodating and friendly even storing and plating some cupcakes I brought in from The Cupcakery. The service here is amazing and something you would expect dining on the strip paying top dollar. Chef John brought many practices from Social House but with a more relaxed vibe. He came out and introduced his self and got a feel for everyone and put together a epic tasting menu for the whole group.(If you have the chance choose this way to dine) I couldn't have set up a better menu in my wildest dreams. From the tender short ribs to the delicate hamachi and uni, everything amazing and leaving you wanting more and more. I have to say I never had the quality of uni Chef Lee serves and he prides himself in the quality of his foods. I am so satisfied with the quality of food and service with Soho that I will be back time and time again. You can't beat this place, he deserves all the recognition they can get for this gem! Thank you for the great experience!
5	I came in today with my family, and this was our second time. We really came for the happy hour to try out the specials and Soho really delivered. Quick and easygoing service, great happy hour prices (Mon-Sat 4-6pm) and great food. We had the Soho Maki, Salmon Avocado Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Firecracker Roll, and the Baked Mussels. Everything was perfect. The Soho Maki is like a long and thin eggroll, $3 for 3 of them. They also come with a very delicious sweet chili sauce. The Salmon Avocado Roll was pretty good, also goes great with the sweet chili sauce from the Soho Maki, but I personally think there was a bit too much avocado in it and it made it just a bit greasier than it should be, but it was still great. The Spicy Tuna Roll was good, really no complaints, I love how spicy it was, not too spicy, but just right.Now, the Firecracker Roll. What can I say, amazing presentation and the flavors just explode in your mouth. I loved it and it was definately worth the Happy Hour price (not that the others aren't worth it). Finally, the Baked Mussels. I hadn't had mussles in at least 9 years, and Soho really delivered. They were delicious and cooked perfectly. Also, the owner came up to us during the meal and introduced himself, and at the end of the meal we got a free dessert (I dont know what it's called, like icecream wrapped in dough, delicious). And he also gave my little brother (6) a chop-sticks helper thingy. Very friendly owner, and he is an excellent chef.All in all, everything was great, final bill came to ~$22.00 for everything. I live a block away and it's a great neighborhood place. Must check out if you live in SW Las Vegas.
5	Little gem.  The chef is simply genius.  Dishes not to miss: scallops sashimi, bib lettuce black cod, yellowtail sushimi, soft shell roll. Live uni the best I ever had.
5	I adore Soho. My husband and I travel to Vegas on business twice a year for several weeks at a time, and lately I have found so much delight in the gems located off the strip rather than on. Soho was one of the best finds we stumbled upon. The quality of ingredients at this sushi restaurant are top-notch. While ALL sushi restaurants really need to ensure their food served is of the utmost quality and freshness, sadly this isn't the case. But no worries with Soho. We ordered several appetizers (including the rock shrimp with dipping sauces, omg!), seaweed salad, edamame, miso soup, sashimi and then a bunch of rolls for our dinner. While a "veggie roll" is not very exciting nor is it ever really worth mentioning - theirs was so good I nearly fell off my seat. The asparagus used inside the roll was SUPER crunchy and I honestly thought they executed this normally bland roll perfectly. Also, the crispy crab roll was one of the best I have ever had in my life.I would also like to mention that the owner/chef was by far the nicest gentlemen I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He came by our table several times to ensure we were having a good time -- he sent the sashimi compliments -- and he also came by and asked us if we wanted dessert on the house. We said no as he was already too generous, but what a great person and what an amazing experience!
5	I made another visit to SoHo and to follow up on my last review, Complimenting the awesome yellowtail dish, the chef (owner) took us to new heights with his off-the-menu "tuna poke" (the big-eye tuna kind that you can't get anywhere else). All I can say is this restaurant is truly worthy of the Las Vegas moniker: "Fabulous!"
5	I absolutely fell in love with this place. Our server Charles and Chef Lee were the sweetest!!!!! Came here for my birthday with a party of six, we sat by the door it was annoyingly cold couldn't move cause it was full house. But the service and food, made me forget I was cold every time the door opened. Started off with some beers and saki, then it was time to order. We didn't know what to order so Charles and the chef asked us if they could create a tasting menu for us. We trusted them and told them yes!!! OH DEAR!!!! It was incredible!!!!! The yellowtail was amazing!!!! I've never had uni and never thought I would like it until now! The chef brought out some pieces and after one bite, I could die happy. (I exaggerate a lot! Hehe!)Chef John Lee came from Social House at Aria as a executive chef and decided to open SoHo for locals. This restaurant is a great place with good prices and wonderful service!! I will be coming back to try lunch :)
5	I don't normally leave Yelp reviews, but when I do it's for what I call Table Pounder food!!! We came here wanting to try something different than the normal AYCE places. The cold dishes were really the spotlight of the menu. We tried the Yellowtail Yuzu and Ume Scallop.  I fell in LOVE with sashimi scallop in Austin and have been on a hunt in Vegas ever since. This is the first restaurant I've found that had scallop and it was a table pounder!!! So fresh and delicious. I love the texture of scallop because it isn't like the normal fish that kind of melts in your mouth. It has this harder chewiness to it (best I can describe is Filipino pineapple jelly but a little softer)  For those who have never tried scallop, this is a must!  We wanted to try the entire cold menu but will come back for that. We also had some of the tostadas (shrimp and whitefish) which were also really good.  For dessert you cannot go wrong with the matcha tiramisu. The matcha flavor was good and it was super creamy just how I like it.Best part of the night was having the chef come out to the table.  Chef John was very personable and you could feel the passion he had for his restaurant by the way he spoke of it. He also offered us a cold dish on the house of some special trout (can't remember the name) but it was similar to salmon and sooo good! We missed the specials because it was at the front of the restaurant and we couldn't see the sign. I mentioned it to him that the waiters didn't let us know and he said that he didn't want his patrons to feel like they were upselling us. I thought that was quite admirable but gave him a recommendation to move the specials where more people could see it because we probably would have ordered off of it. He said that he would take that into account and welcomed all recommendations. Not only was the food good but the chef really makes the place. It's only been opened for three months but seems to be doing well. I would definitely recommend this place. Not only for the food but the chef as well. He's the type of person that you hope has much success!!!
5	Me and my husband found this place on yelp since I was looking for a new Japanese restaurant to eat at during our anniversary week. We looked at some of the pictures on here too to see what we can expect. And I must say, they didn't let us down!The fishes were all exceptional quality! The FLAVORS..??? To die for!!! And for the price, it was surprisingly reasonable considering the food was the same, if not better, quality than Andrea's at Encore hotel. The owner and the servers were really nice and friendly. The servers were very knowledgable as well when it comes to the components of the dishes. The owner was thoughtful enough to come to our table and ask us what we particularly liked in our food and recommended certain things to us that I absolutely loved!!! I definitely recommend ordering the yellowtail hamachi, seared beef hamachi, the ocean trout special, Japanese snapper with uni ponzu, fresh uni, shishito peppers, tuna poke tostada and miso black cod..I highly recommend trying this place out and trust me you will be hooked! I know I am and my friends will be too soon after I take them there!
5	This is by far the best I have ever had. The chef came out and was very personable and sent out a dish for us to try. The sushi and the steak dishes were fantastic. We will be back very soon.
5	Wanted to try something new around my neighborhood so I stopped by Soho to give it a try. Soho is not your typical AYCE spot, but more of a chill, date spot where you order tapas of sashimi and smaller entree portions. Don't go hungry! It is on the pricier side but you'd go there for quality, tasty fish. Each dish had wonderful presentation! I love love love sashimi so I ordered what my server recommended, which were the Yellowtail Yuzu and Ume Scallop. Each dish had the perfect flavor and texture, they were definitely served fresh. We also ordered the Miso Black Cod, which was very delicious. The cod was almost buttery and had the softest texture to the bite. The Bone-In Short Rib was yummy as well...the meat just fell off the bone, the knife they provided was of no use! Haha. Chef John came over to our table to check up on what we thought of our entrees and noticed we enjoyed our sashimi, so he offered to have us try some fresh Wild Saba that had just arrived for them. That was my first time trying Wild Saba and the chef was right about it being fresh! Received the check and was  so surprised the Wild Saba was on the house...thanks again, Chef John!
5	This was the happiest surprise gem of a restaurant! The rich, deep, hearty miso soup was the best I've had. The thin, crisp, succulent tempura is good enough to knock your socks off. Twice. California rolls were dainty and appetizing. Even the soy sauce was served in soy pots, and the ginger had a nuance I've never tasted before. Here's where it gets interesting: the triple S roll was delicious with a little kick. I thought it would be my favorite, but things only got better from there. Chef brought out their specialty yellowtail dish, which was beautifully cut, topped with a subtle-tasting micro cilantro, and thinly sliced tempura Serrano. The light dressing had a clean taste, and this will no doubt be a favorite of mine when the heat strikes in summer. Chef also brought garlic tuna tetake, which was perfectly seasoned and had a delightful crunchy garnish. It all was so good, my mom and husband, who don't eat much fish, liked it. My dad ordered a rainbow roll for dessert (also excellent). The real dessert menu was refreshing for a Japanese restaurant. We shared a chocolate mousse cake, and that was a mistake; sharing, that is. This caliber of food is something you'd find in a Michelin star restaurant. However, the prices are affordable. The atmosphere is welcoming and pleasant, not too fussy. The staff and chef made the whole experience all the more enjoyable. They were very accommodating with our two small children and offered to rearrange the chairs to ensure our comfort. A winning combination of high quality food, fair price, great service, cleanliness (they wiped our tables before dessert), I could go on, but will spare you for now. Go see for yourself, you won't regret it.
5	Don't be deceived by the strip mall look as you approach this place. The service and quality of food here is MONEY!I took my typical overly critical Asian mom who has worked in the restaurant business for years and she loved it! Any of the cold dishes were amazing my favorite were the white fish and scallops. The black cod and the any of the tostadas are to die for! My favorite part of the experience is when the chef brought out the freshest uni I have tasted by far. He was very genuine and his passionate energy is infectious. I will most definitely be back here soon!
3	More like 3.5 stars...but we came back to give it another chance from our last visit. Happy hour it was again and there was much more variety on the menu. The Cajun albacore, black cod and mussels were all good. The rolls were nothing like blow me out of the water and I didn't care for the stuffed mushrooms. We ordered some uni and toro from the specials menu...verdict...uni sashimi was on par but the toro was yuck! At $10 a piece you would have thought that it would be some awesome toro but $20 bucks went down the drain (at Kabuto toro is $7 a piece).  It was firm and the texture was not the melt in your mouth toro. I know everyone loves it here but I feel their quality of fish is hit or miss. Obviously for me it's been miss. Service was great in the beginning but then we didn't see our server for a good 15-20 minutes after we got our food. Overall, I'm really disappointed about the toro. I don't cheap out when it comes to delicious food and I just feel a little bit let down. The wow factor just hasn't wowed me I guess. I'll be giving this place a break for now.
5	Konnichiwa, I'd like to introduce my new Happy Hour friend.  Haul your cute little booties over to S. Jones & Warm Springs for one of the best hh deals around town Mon -Sat, 4-6pm. Soho emerges from the former Ambrosia Cafe occupancy.  While Soho is a perfectly good name, in my mind it just didn't fit for a Japanese restaurant, possibly why I kept forgetting about this place despite some of my fellow yelpers' high praise.  The name just seemed like some new, trendy little spot until I made the connection that Chef John Chien Lee is the former chef from Social House.  Therefore, depending on historical events, I'm guessing that the name 'Soho' can only mean 1 of 2 possible things, me love you long time or suck it b*tches.We tried the many of their happy hour dishes with great success.  My favorite dish is the black cod lettuce wraps.  Other high points included the variety of sushi empanadas for $1 each,  cajun albacore sashimi, firecracker roll, and stuffed mushroom.  The only low point of the evening was the dry and overcooked ika geso, aka the fried calamari that came with a curry aioli dipping sauce.  During hh they offer $1.50 - 3 beers.  I enjoyed the Asahi @ $3 while he happily sipped the $1.50 Coors Light.The atmosphere is nice but small, .  It looks exactly the same as it did when Ambrosia occupied the space; same layout and color schema.  Service is excellent!Halfway through our meal owner/chef Lee came out to great us and treated us to a complimentary yellowtail special, which was absolutely delicious!  My verdict = hit it, quit it, hit it again (and again).
4	Friends and I were in Vegas for a couple days, craved some Japanese Food, looked it up on Yelp and this one had 5 stars.  Mind you, I was the only person familiar with Japanese cuisine. My 3 dining partners were clueless.  We ordered Beef Teriyaki (That was familiar to Nick) Cucumber Salad, Shishito Peppers, Popcorn Shrimp (Came with 3 dipping sauces), Crispy Tuna Roll, Twin Dragon Roll.  All pretty good tasting. Presentation on the dishes was appealing, taste was on key.  I tried the Uni and it has been awhile since I've tasted good quality Uni..Delicious!My friends were amazed on the flavors as the experience good Japanese food as oppose to the ones they've tried before.Service was excellent.  The owner/chef came to our table and follow up on our meal and having a conversation with us.  Even offered to try a new appetizer.  Yuzu Steelhead trout.  It was a unique dish with thinly slices of trout, yuzu wasabi drizzled, topped with pop rocks.  It was divine.I definitely will go back the next time I am in Vegas.  I suggest that you do too.
5	Was actually craving for some Soba and found this 5-star place, had to make a little detour going home but this place was a very pleasant surprise. Tried the happy hour menu and they were deliciously fresh with great presentation. Could have gotten more but 8 items from the menu was almost like dinner-)). To top it all, the owner himself welcomed us, a very gracious man and let us try their/his specialty: yellow tail yuzu soy. The verdict... I would give this place a 6-star review if allowed. Am so excited there is a place like this that I can frequent.
5	Amazing server, chef/owner is super friendly....the food is phenomenal! Not your typical sushi spot. They don't use fake crab- 100% Alaskan kind crab in their sushi. The cold dishes are amazing. Overall, phenomenal.
5	Dude, it's a good thing they don't have AYCE sushi because otherwise they would always run out of fresh fish. They get shipments here and there, as long as they come on time, and they're pretty solid thus far. The owner will come around and engage with his guests usually. He'll recommend stuff and he made us a complimentary raw scallop dish. Everything tastes so fresh and nice :D. Try the uni with red snapper (forego the ponzu sauce). The salmon avocado roll is a personal favorite for me. ^^v Yums. The tostadas are $1 during happy hour so it's a good value. Speaking of which, 4-6pm is happy hour. I also liked the firecracker roll but beware non-spice-peeps, it's spicy! Flaming for me. :0bOverall I enjoyed my experience and I'll be back to try it again soon ;0).
5	Best Japanese restaurant!  Everything was perfect!  Food, customer service, and everything was brought out in a timely manner.  And NO IMITATION CRAB served here!  Had the yellowtail yuzu, the black cod wraps, garlic tuna ponzu, hamachi Kama, and some kind of sashimi trout that had some kind of "pop rock" that popped in your mouth.  For dessert, The macha tirimisu was perfect.  Fresh fresh fresh fish!!!
5	I can't get enough of this Japanese fushion restaurant, Soho!! :)) Dishes here are fresh, delicious, & it all comes with a nice clean presentation. We recently tried a few new dishes. If you're open-minded try the following: blue fin toro--OMG & fresh uni (eat it without dipping it anything). In a nutshell, you must must come!! :))
3	Came here for the first time, after some recommendations, on an early Wednesday evening, during Happy Hour (4 - 6pm Mon - Sat). Not really busy, maybe a few tables, but we were instantly greeted and taken to our table. Our waiter instantly recognized one of my friends because she came here yesterday, and said she would come back today. Because he had suggested a dish to her yesterday, but due to a late delivery, it was not avail but he offered it to us today, on the house. Aside from this, another waitress had come up pretty quick to ask us for our drinks, which came pretty fast as well (service so far so good !)The interior of this place is pretty nicely designed. Simple but unique. The special the waiter has suggested was the "Fresh Ocean Steelhead Trout". Trout has the same orange color meat as salmon. If not told, you could almost easily replace salmon with trout. Topped with yuzu sauce, and a surprise, it was an interesting treat.  Clean, but fatty texture, tender, and fresh. Accented by the sauce, and the surprise (pop rocks!) the pop rock thing wasnt my favorite, actually found it kind of weird. But overall, its pretty good. Good to try ! Red Snapper w/ Uni and Ponzu Sauce - $12 for 6 pieces - was a chef special before our visits, but i guess they had put it on their special menu now. I was told about this by another friend, who had came here a few days before. The dish was presented fanned out, on a glass fish plate. The red snapper was super fresh. nice firm meat texture. The uni was very fresh, and sweet as well. Not being a fan of ponzu, we had opt'ed to ask for the sauce on the side. My first piece was only the red snapper and uni. Red snapper, as said, was nice and firm, while the uni was sweet, but was a little plain. Next piece, i had dipped it in the ponzu sauce. The ponzu citrus gave the red snapper uni combination a bright, refreshing flavor. It is actually a rare case, that i'll prefer it with the ponzu sauce. Good to try if you are a fan of sea urchin ! Cajun Albacore Sashimi - $5 HH for 5 pieces - The albacore was fresh and really tender. Didn't really taste too much of the cajun seasoning either. Presented on a bed of greens, topped with some micro greens, and thinly sliced onions and pepper, with a creamy sauce lining the bottom of the plate. Heavy in flavor. The onions on top was maybe soaked in a yuzu sauce or something, and the creamy sauce, seemed like more for a salad. Overall, not bad. Not one of my favorites. Tostadas - $1/ea HH - Individual portion sized tostadas with a choice of Salmon, Tuna, Octopus (tako), and Yellowtail during happy hour. Think there was 2 more to choose from during non-happy hour times. Each on a round chip. The salmon was topped with a pico de gallo. Nice and fresh. Helped give the salmon a bright flavor without too much of the fattiness feel from straight up salmon. The octopus is topped with kim chee. I'm not sure if it was because i had ate a spicy roll (fire cracker roll) prior to this but it didnt give as much of a kick, that my friend had overexaggerated. The kim chee gave it a nice texture aside of the chopped octopus. Good combination actually. Hamachi (yellowtail) was topped (or rather mixed) with a salsa verde, which is green salsa made with various herbs. The sauce covered majority of the yellowtail sweetness. Then, last is the tuna in a poke sauce. Being a fan of hawaiian poke, this tasted the best. Making it into poke, aside from eating it as nigiri or sashimi, in my opinion, is probably the next best way to prepare raw tuna. Bright and flavorful. I'd rank it #1 Tuna #2 salmon #3 octopus #4 yellowtail. Hydro Bibb Black Cod - $4 for 2 pieces HH - Marinated Miso Cod, Bibb lettuce cups, and crispy wonton. The cod was nicely cooked and flavored. Light. The lettuce "cups" they gave, was too big in proportion to the fish. If you eat it all as an entirety, the lettuce cuts way too much into the flavor of the fish. And i dont know where the crispy wonton went. Dont see it, nor did i taste it. Crispy Tuna Roll - $10 for 6 pieces - Spicy tuna, Crispy Rice, and Jalapeno. Something similar to what i had at a different restaurant. Bite size portions. Crispy rice block, topped with spicy tuna, and a slice of jalapeno on top. The crispy rice was too crispy. I prefer it like the other restaurants where it still gives a chewy texture, vs this version, completely crispy. Little spicy, as you'd expect from the spicy tuna, and slice of jalapeno. Fire Cracker Roll - $5 HH for 6 pieces - Deep Fried Roll with Spicy Tuna, Jalapeno, Sweet Onion and Cream Cheese. Quite spicy in comparison to the previous crispy tuna roll. As it may say sweet onion, but i think it was in a spicy sauce as well. Decent place to try. Service was great. Water was always filled before empty. Great happy hour pricing. Fresh ingredients. More fusion style vs traditional japanese. Not too much of a fan of fusion, but was still pretty decent overall.
5	We loved everything but the triple S roll, sushi tostadas, and steel head trout sashimi with pop rocks were our favorite! And the service was exceptional!
5	Derell is a great server and took good care of us.  Chef john is so kind as well as skilled. He always makes great suggestions that I love every time. He offered the trout from the Specials menu.  I love salmon, so the trout was good for me. The pop rocks are a nice touch!  Chef also sent over peppers and edemame to start, can't go wrong!  I like the salmon tostada ($1 during happy hour!) Kumamoto oysters for $3 each. Very clean tasting and nicely garnished with tobiko. The finale... Nice suggestion by our server white peach sake. Served in a nice carafe over ice (I posted a photo). Sweet and refreshing. The food is excellent and we always feel so welcomed!
5	This place is awesome! Food is great and they have amazing sushi rolls on happy hour at great prices! The owner came by our table to introduce himself since it was our first time visiting and let us try a plate on the house!!!! Very personable and friendly!!!!! Next time we come to Vegas we will definitely come back!!!!
5	So my friends and I wanted to go to a good sushi place in Vegas and this place lives up to it.Great service, great sushi. The portions are kind of small for my taste but it's good quality.
5	Skilled & friendly staff, amazing raw fish, this place is still a hidden GEM. We asked the chef to pick for us and had a very good dinner at a very good price. Definitely recommended.
5	Phenomenal restaurant. High quality sushi similar to what you expect on the strip with the "this is my sushi spot" atmosphere. Service was great made you feel very welcome and the owner/chef john lee came out to see how everything was.....goes a long way.  Will be back. This is my new sushi place.
5	Roommate and I stopped by here because we were on our way to the strip and looking for some grub before that crazy area.  It was a great decision especially after 3 hours on the road.Friendly staff who were very attentive and polite.  The owner came over to chat and gave us a free sample of the yellowtail so that we would have tried the raw fish and got to see how fresh it was for ourselves.  Roommate and I both had some of the bento boxes on the lunch menu and can I say I was pleasantly surprised.  The beef terriyaki bento box was a good size, not too large or small, came with salad and miso soup and the beef wasn't over cooked.  In fact it was almost tataki style (very red in the center).  I loved it!   The sauce came on the side which was nice too because I don't like when the terriyaki is just slathered on, I find that lazy.The yellowtail was in a yuzu sauce that was just divine, and since it was my first time trying yellowtail and I enjoyed it, I am now a fan of that fish.I would highly recommend this place to locals and tourists alike.  And I will be taking my boyfriend/friends here on future trips to the area.Thank you Soho for a wonderful experience.
5	This place is the friken bomb!!!  Happy hour for any Asian place is the tops in Las Vegas....our server Darrel was the man..great service and atmosphere...
5	Freshest fish! I have ate in many sushi restaurants in USA as well as Asian countries... I can say SOHO has freshest fish in par with many fine sushi houses in Japan.
5	Love the chef! Sushi is fresh!
5	A must-eat restaurant for sushi lovers. The yellowtail sashimi is, by far, the best I have had. Do your mouth a favor and eat here.
5	The lunch bento set are just great deal. Choices from sashimi to teriyaki with soup, salad and rice for only $8.50. The owner chef John spares no expense with rice. Instead of using Jasmine rich he actually uses Nishiki rice. You can for sure tell the differences between the 2. Dinner menu wasn't as extensive as I would like but the freshness of the fish and flavor are just superb. Two thumbs up!
5	We came here because of the great reviews and it definitely lived up to the hype.  I have been to all of the top sushi places in vegas and this one is fantastic. Not only is the food great but we were greeted by the owner who is also the head chef. He made us one of his favorite dishes on the house. Absolutely perfect little gem. Strip quality at a third of the price. Servers were wonderful and picked out great items for us. Must try!
5	As a big sushi lover, I decided to take my first trip to Soho Japanese Restaurant based on all the positive yelp reviews.  Believe the hype! This restaurant is 5 stars all the way around.  The staff was overly friendly. Great customer service as well as great suggestions on house specials. I never had to wait for a refill on my drinks. The servers were very attentive to guests needs.The owner who is also a chef really went out of his way to ensure we had the best experience possible. He was very friendly and personable touching all the tables to see how everything was going. After letting him know it was our first time there he made us a special sampler on the house comprised of Ocean Trout & Scallops which was way better than I expected it to be. (I had a bad experience with scallops at another restaurant) Being it was our first time we tried a bit of everything and I cant say anything negative about any of the dishes. I will list what we had below.Starters:Miso SoupSeaweed SaladYellowtail Sashimi appetizer Spicy Tuna HandrollSashimi Sampler of Ocean Trout & Scallops (a gift from the owner/chef)Speciality Rolls:Twin Dragon RollSpicy Softshell Crab RollFirecracker Roll The price was very reasonable compared to alot of other places in Vegas. Ended our meal with some really cool sushi key chains. Overall this place gets 5 stars and is my new favorite spot for sushi.
4	Fantastic experience! This was my first visit to Soho and I could not have enjoyed it more. They have a great selection of rolls and everything is incredibly fresh. The edamame comes with a really tasty dipping sauce which is a nice change and their specialty sashimi was all to die for. The chef and owner of Soho even came out and brought us a plate of amazing seared tuna on the house. Needless to say I'll definitely be going back soon!!
5	Total professionalism and quality by all standards.  Food highest quality, service exceptional.  This place has something special going on.  My wife and I were both very pleased with our experience.  To say we will be back often is an understatement.
5	I'm with Philip T. on this one with his 4.572989027792333 star rating. Soho is fantastic if you are a raw fish lover.Inside is nothing special. A clean restaurant with plenty of seating. The chefs are visible behind glass. The tables are large. Seats are comfortable. The chopsticks are double-ended so you can use them either way you hold them. There's just a bottle of soy sauce on the table otherwise.After dinner, I realized the theme of their dishes is contrast. For cool elements, there is a warm element. For smooth and soft, there is often a touch of crunch. Anyway. We tried...Garlic shishito peppers - Plenty of peppers here with a dusting of garlic. They are tender and delicious. I love these peppers anyway so it was a treat to have a handful more.Yuzu soy yellowtail - delicious! Refreshing citrus flavor with fresh fish. The sliced jalapeno on top was lightly fried as a crunchy contrast to the smooth fish.Hydro bib black cod - as Philip said, this is a tease. The cod was creamy and delicious. Served warm on a cool and crispy leaf of lettuce and light toppings. Loved it.Ocean trout - if i remember this - the pop rocks were the highlight. You can hear them already. Squeeze some lemon over this dish and hear them crackle more as you take a bite. Very salmon-like in flavor and texture.Tuna tataki - as you would expect, seared tuna with a light sauce of soy and sesame oil (as I recall...). shredded daikon and garlic on top. A tasty near-ending to our dinner.Tuna box sushi - rectangular sushi. The bottom was crunchy with... things. The inside was avocado and tuna. On top, shrimp and a sauce that had some bite to it. It was a tasty and smooth sushi roll.At some point the owner, John, came out to talk to us - which is absolutely fantastic. I love it when any restaurant does this. Completely changes the experience. He talked us into trying something new - the mackerel - and also educated us on what to look for regarding freshness. Though we aren't fans of the mackerel taste, we appreciated the new knowledge and experience.The only bit of our visit we didn't like was the dessert. The menu writes a little piece on the chef who makes these things - with a bit about the quality and thought that goes into it. We had the profiteroles. I don't think they should be called that because they aren't that. By definition a profiterole is a hollowed out sort of pastry shell with a scoop of ice cream inside and chocolate sauce on top. This was more of an interpretation. It was two soft, more bready sort of bits with a thick pistachio creme in the middle. We were just underwhelmed. It didn't have the contrast-filled experience the rest of the items for dinner did.For the price and experience, this is a no-brainer for a sashimi lover. We'd definitely be back.
5	Went here on a Saturday for lunch.  The place is simple, yet clean and inviting.  I was seated promptly and given the menu.  On first glance, prices seems a bit high.  For example, a california roll was listed for $7.  However upon closer inspection, I think I understand why the seemingly high price.  The roll comes with real crab, not the usual immitation stuff.  I guess Soho was going for food quality more than price.  I ordered the sashimi lunch seto for $8.50.  Again, the price was reasonable considering the quality of what I got - awesome!  I need to go back here with a group of people to sample more items on the menu.  Based on my single lunch experience so far, this place is a winner.
5	Came here reading the other Yelp reviews and Chef John met my highest expectation! 1) Chef Mixed Nigiri: 52) Chef Trout & Scallop Roll: 53) Chef Mixed Nigiri (2): 54) Scraped Toro/ Toro Roll: 55) Tempura: a touch too much oil on the batter but fantastic flavor and perfect texture: 4.5Overall a great find! Super happy! Price spot on.Staff US superb and I find it hard to imagine a restaurant cleaner than this one - not talking of appearance but actual cleanliness!Will most definitely return.X
5	Best sushi I have ever had. My daughter and I were in Vegas for a soccer tourney and decided to try this restaurant after reading all the positive reviews. This placed lived up to all the positive comments and did not disappoint. The fish and specialty rolls were amazing. Even though this place is casual dining, the sushi is five stars. Service was great and the chef even came to our table to talk to us. Will definitely stop here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Everything we ordered was just phenomenal. The chef came out and went over different fish options we had. The service was amazing. I plan to eat here often.
1	Service was great but the sushi was very plain. Could use some special rolls on the menu as well.
5	Great place!  I looked up Sushi on yelp and this had 5 stars so I had to try it. I'm very glad I did!  Very good fresh food and fantastic service!  Do yourself a favor and skip the strip for a great meal.
5	Super delicious fresh sushi...melted like butter.  Staff = A+...Chef = A+++.   I highly recommend checking this place out.  Will go back to this restaurant again.  Total hidden gem!!!!
5	Food was very fresh and tasty. The owner personally made a complimentary dish for us to try. Great experience overall.
5	I waited till my second visit to rate Soho 5 stars after having dinner and their happy hour.Chef John literally delivers a strip-like Social House experience for a fraction of the price in a neighborhood setting.  A well-known friend chef of mine not to be named told me they took almost the entire menu and brought it to Soho - he frowned a little upon this but I have no issues with it.  The locals benefit from it and they put out one of the best happy hours in town.The dollar tostastas are so addicting.   I feel like a child ordering 6 and 12 pack taco's from Taco Bell but this is obv much more refined, elevated cuisine.  My favorite is the salmon tostata but they are all good.  We got one of each as they offer 4 selections.   The rest of the happy hour has a cajun albacore sashimi, black cod lettuce wraps (YUM), and several roll selections.   The rice on the rolls were a little under seasoned but overall everything was good.  The waiter recommended the bacon wrapped kurobata sausages.  They reminded me of little smokey's.   I wasn't a fan at first but it was greatt paired with the pickled cucumber.  The rest of the HH items are all priced between $3-5 per item.  As for dinner, I came on another trip and i was really impressed with their beef tataki.  It's 100 times better than Tonkatsu Kiyoshi's version and a level or too better than Kyara's.   I love their ocean trout topped with rock salt - love the textures and freshness of the dish.   We also ordered the beef short ribs, a Yelp favorite, live uni, oysters, and on my most recent trip i sampled their king crab topped with a little butter and hint of garlic.Everything here is great!  For dinner you won't find your yum yum roll here - This is more about the fish.  Chef John says that he gets his fish from the same supplier as most of the sushi spots on the strip so you literally are paying a fraction of what you would at Social House!
5	I thought San Francisco seafood is fresh but somehow in the Las Vegas area the SoHo chef owner brings in slap ya momma fresh fish! Simply awesome. Start with Happy hour then do the daily specials. Mmmm good
5	Omg amazing. The yellowtail dish is to die for. The service is amazing. I love it here. I could literally live here.
5	Today for the first time I had sushi here and let me tell you it was AWESOME!!! Chef John goes above and beyond to make sure your happy with your meal. He came out to our table and greeted us, which to me it says a lot, asked what we liked and were then surprised with his signature Yellow Tail sashimi which was absolutely wonderful! It was so good we had to re-order it.We also had the tuna poke which again was amazing! Hadn't had this quality of sushi and sashimi since San Francisco so to find this place closer to home is so nice.Oh and the TOSTADAS! I really can't stop raving about these! They are small but so full of flavor and addicting that you won't be able to just have one! I recommend the Hamachi, tuna, and the salmon one.Overall a great restaurant with great service but above all AMAZING QUALITY of FOOD! Will definitely drive 4hrs just to come eat here!
5	This place is incredible. The chef is very talented. The food is Japanese inspired but definitely fusion. Fish quality is top of the line, and you can get fish here that you'll never sniff at most of the sushi bars in town. It was our little neighborhood secret but not any longer.
5	O.M.G. everything was amazing!!!!! Best UNI I ever had. The ocean's very own butter. Melts in your mouth, salty, creamy, cold, firm, slightly sweet and so so fresh! oh my I want more!!! The Hawaiian Poke Ahi tostadas... I just love it with the combination with the avocado cream. I have tried the shrimp, hamachi and tako ones too but I think the ahi is the bestAnd you cannot forget the hydro bib black cod is just amazing!! Best lettuce cup you'll ever have! Trust! Some of the other things I've tried that were very good too are the yellowtail yuzu soy, seared tuna special, crispy tuna roll, fire cracker roll, gyoza, soho maki and angus bone in short rib. Desserts are delish!This place is reasonable and way better than most sushi restaurants. Fresh and better quality!! Staff is awesome, owner is amazing! He's goes around to every table to make sure every is going well. Super nice guy too!!I'm always thinking of coming back here every time I wanna eat Japanese or just some bomb ass raw fish! I'll be back for sure! And you should try this place out!
5	Amazing experience! Both the sushi and the service were "5 star"! We appreciated Charles' personable service and he had knowledge of the best items to order - in fact, he did all the work! We just sat back and enjoyed every dish that was served.Loved the Lychee saki, the Yellowtail app, the Tostadas, the Hydro Bib Lettuce wraps! I will definitely be returning to Soho Japanese!
5	WOW. Soho is my new favorite Japanese restaurant. Everything that I've tried there is amazing! Also, they have a great lunch special menu which ends at 4pm. Whatever you decide to choose, it comes with rice, soup, and salad. The portions are perfect. You can still order off of the dinner menu during lunch, but all in all, the quality and taste of the food is satisfying. For dessert, I recommend trying the green tea tiramisu. It is to die for!!!! Just some quick tips, if you're a sashimi lover, you will just taste the freshness and high quality of the fish. If you're a California roll lover, they use real crab instead of imitation crab.The whole staff is awesome. The owner, John, is super friendly and welcoming. Every time that I've gone to Soho, he comes up to the table to ask how everything is. You can tell he's very passionate with what he does and wants to make sure that you're having a good experience.
5	So glad this place opened up in my neighborhood! Don't let the location fool you - I had my doubts our first time there, but the food is excellent! Although we had only been there a handful of times, the Chef always remembers us. Nearly every time we've been there, he goes around to each table to introduce himself, chat and find out what you like. A couple of times, he's sent out dishes for us to try and we've never been disappointed by anything he's sent out.My favorites are the tostadas, toban soup, field greens salad, tuna box sushi, and king crab tempura. Service is always good, but it's a fairly small restaurant so tables fill up fast. Be prepared for a short wait, it's definitely worth it!
5	We were in Las Vegas both for business and pleasure.  We love sushi, especially sashimi. So...just to break away from the Las Vegas strip...we ventured away to find Soho, and it was the best find!!!  It is in a strip mall...but as soon as you walk in, you are welcomed with pleasant waitresses, and a calm and modern interior.  The menu is simple, not really crazy with all sorts of funky rolls, as we come to find out that it's known for fresh fish, sashimi!  We ordered their salmon tapas/tostadas and tuna tapas/tostadas, which was delicious, light and just melt in your mouth good!  Then, the sushi chef and owner, John Lee, came out and invited us to try the mixed sashimi special.  He asked us what type of raw fish we like...and of course, we didn't hold back to give our favorites!  Once the entree came out, we were floored with the generous portions and quality.  We had salmon, tuna, uni, saba, hamachi, scallop, trout, and aji.  But let me tell you, all of the bites of sashimi just melted into our mouths...and we knew we had to come back another time before we left town...which we did.  Highly recommend the treck off the strip to eat at this place.  We will be back again for more!!!
5	I saw that Soho had a 5 star rating on yelp so I decided to give it a go. The location of the restaurant had me a little skeptical at first seeing that it's right next to Chevron but the overall experience won me over. The service was fantastic and our server Darrell was amazing! He was very attentive and answered all of our questions on the menu plus added some of his own recommendations which were all fantastic! We started off with the salmon, yellowtail, and trout sashimi appetizers and all were delicious! The miso cod was our favorite cooked just right with excellent marination. The head chef/owner came out to our table and introduced himself with such a friendly attitude. We ended with the green tea tiramisu and I highly recommend it if you're looking to end your meal right! Now I know why they're rated 5 stars and I look forward to coming back!
5	This place is AMAZING! The fish is extremely fresh and the combination of flavors are incredible. We had the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, Snapper Lemongrass, sashimi mix plate special, Japanese Tai with uni in ponzu, hydro Bibb black cod, twin dragon roll and the chef gave us a complimentary uni sashimi which melted in our mouths like butter. Definitely coming back!
5	Amazing sushi and unique menu items.  I've been to Nobu and in my opinion this place ranks right up there with it, possibly higher since the prices are so much more reasonable.  The service is fantastic.  We even met the owner who greeted us with a complimentary menu item.  Black cod, poke tostadas, hamachi--everything is amazing.  Don't let the small, unassuming location deter you from an amazing meal at a reasonable price!!
4	I'm not a huge sushi fan but I do enjoy sushi from time to time. This place was pretty great. The fish was really fresh and the sauces were light and not overpowering. The chef visited our table and even sent some complimentary dishes. I'd recommend soho sushi.
5	Amazing yellowfin sashimi... WOW!
5	A new addition to SoHo's offerings:  an excellent "happy hour" menu served until 6 pm. Asahi Draft ($3), Coors Light ($1.50) and an array of great appetizers.  Even though we over-indulged, we still came back to our favorites: yellow tail and sunny salmon (see photos). The absolute best!
5	This restaurant is amazing! The food was decadent and so fresh! I felt like I was dining at a high end retaurant for a fraction of the price. The dishes I loved the most was the ocean trout and the firecracker roll. The establishment was pretty busy but service did not seem threatened. My only problem was that one of the servers seemed very bossy and short with his coworkers. He was very demanding to his coworkers (including my server) and made me feel very uncomfortable when talking to his fellow workers. Other than the negative energy coming from that individual I love this place and will surely return!
5	Excellent lunch value!I went with the Sashimi ($8.50 Lunch): which includes rice, miso and house salad. Fresh fish and good value during lunch!  There were about 8 pieces here, with great QUALITY fish to boot.Eva tried the Salmon Teriyaki ($8.50 Lunch): Includes rice, miso and house salad. Good flavor and good value here!The house salad was good!  Comes with the lunch specials, and I think a yuzu dressing if I remember correctly...ate up every bite!  The miso soup was just ok.We supplemented our lunch with the Yellowtail Sashimi ($10): Tempura Jalapeno, Micro Cilantro, Garlic Oil & Yuzu Soy. This was very good, fresh, and tasted great with the slight citrus flavor from the yuzu. Recommended!Also tried the Ocean Trout....outstanding! Had micro pop rocks for a fun consistency, and the yuzu soy really works well with this fatty / buttery fish. Highly recommended!!  I'd come back JUST for this dish!Go during lunch for some very reasonable prices on some of the better quality sushi I've had in town :)
5	Update: tried the pan fried broccoli tonight. Normally, broccoli isn't something I'd get too excited about, but this was by far the best broccoli I've ever had! Highly recommend :). It comes with the NY steak but you can also order it ala carte.
5	Been there a couple of times so far and I love the food there soooooooooo good!! I am really picky with my seafood, and I pretty much never try anything outside my comfort box when it comes to seafood or sushi yet in this place I decided to give it a shot and what can I say I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED the fish there is soooo fresh and "non fishy" my biggest peeves with seafood sushi places. I love this place and the owner John is great the staff is friendly and the food is good!! It is on the pricier side if you like to try lots of things and well.... we usually do but soooooo worth it!! I do not recommend this place if all you're after are sushi rolls,but I would go there if you are willing to be open minded and try some appetizers and creative items!
4	I can only comment on their lunch bento menu and I would say that for the price and the quality, this is one of the best place in Southwest Las Vegas. Very nice and comfortable family place with very attentive staff. My waitress probably re-filled my green tea 10 times while I was there. Always smiling and most importantly, often overlook in many busier restaurants, there are plenty of staff to help you with your needs.The soft-shell crab roll was pretty good and the sashimi was fresh. For lunch, the portion is just right. I can't wait to return to sample their dinner menu.
5	My friends & I came here for their happy hour (looks like they added an extra day.. before it was Monday through Saturday, now it's everyday: 4PM-6PM) & got a decent amount of food. We had the white peach & lychee sake. You can easily share this.. each glass of sake filled 4-6 of the shot glasses. I recommend the white peach sake - it was infused really well! The lychee sake was good too.. but I didn't like that you could taste the sake more than the lychee.During happy hour, we also had ika geso (fried squid tentacles), cajun albacore sashimi, avacado & salmon roll, firecracker roll (didnt try this one.. I can't do spicy :(), shrimp tempura roll & the tostadas!Oh man, the tostadas were delicious!! There are four options: - Salmon with pico de gallo - Tuna with poke sauce- Hamachi with salsa verde - Tako with kimchee We tried all but the tako. The tostadas are $1 each during HH.. we loved these! They are very light, refreshing & we kept ordering them!! Haha.. eat these right away! Otherwise the chip will get soggy..Halfway through our visit, the owner came by our table and asked us how we were doing & just chatted with us. He told us he was going to send us a plate of yellowtail sashimi which will show us what they're all about: fresh, high quality sushi! & they nailed it! The yellowtail sashimi was a great example of that: fresh + high quality = delicious!!Throughout our time at Soho, the wait staff was really attentive.. refilled our glasses, asked how the sake & sushi were & the waitress came by before happy hour ended to see if we wanted to put in more orders. We had to pass on dessert because we were all full, but we still got something sweet! Our waiter brought this cute tray of sushi keychains & we could take our pick! It may seem like a small gesture, but it was SO nice!This was one of the best experiences I have had in awhile from beginning to end! My friends & I left with big smiles on our faces.. I can't wait to go back & try more food!
5	We were in the area shopping and decided to stop by for happy hour. Prices were perfect for happy hour $1-$5 per plate. Great food great service! Sea food was very fresh! The owner was gracious and offered a complimentary sample of special sashimi...very nice and super delicious:) Very enjoyable
5	This place is absolutely killer. I frequent Japanese restaurants often and this is hands down my favorite location. The food is excellent and the price point is even better. Just look at all the five star reviews for this place! Awesome.
5	My family wanted to try a new place with a 5 star rating from Yelp and we want sushi, so we ended up here in Soho.  We were seated right away. There were 3 of us in the party and we had the following entrees:Yellowtail sashimi - the best that I've ever tasted. Even my daughter who is not a sashimi eater loved it.Seared Tuna sashimi - very good taste.  4 kinds of rolls spicy tuna, rainbow roll, twin dragon, and triple S - they are all good.  We also ordered the 4 different tostadas that are very refreshing.The Chef/owner came to say hi and he gave us a complimentary salmon sashimi that has an interesting ingredient: pop rocksGrilled hamachi kama is very fresh and flavorful with soy sauce and lemon dipping sauce.The price is a little bit more than the other sushi house off strip, but the freshness and taste of the food is worth the money.  The service staff are attentive.  We will be coming back and we will be bringing some friends to experience the Soho Sushi.
5	Lived my entire life in Las Vegas.  Been to many sushi restaurants here, but this is by far my favorite!  Amazing experience.  Took my boyfriend here for Valentine's Day.  We had a fantastic dinner.  Every item we ordered was delicious, and fresh, fresh, fresh!  The food, atmosphere, presentation, and staff are all 5 stars.  One of the waitresses came over to talk to us while we were waiting to be seated and recommended several items on the menu.  The main chef came out after our meal was over to ask how we liked our food.  They even gave us souvenir sushi-style keychain charms on the way out, which was cute and a sweet gesture.  Will definitely be going back, we were very impressed all around.  The yellowtail sashimi was probably my favorite.  (Be aware this isn't an AYCE sushi restaurant, just order what you like, sit back and take your time to enjoy).
5	BOOOOOOOOOOOMB!!!! Service great. Food great. 5 star quality at a very very Great price!
5	Thank you Soho!!!  My favorite on everything.  Food + Ambiance + Service!!!  I loved everything.  The best UNI in town!  The peach sake was fantastic and fruuuuuity!
4	Came here spontaneously (seriously, we just apparated...didn't even drive) for lunch! I've seen many good reviews and enticing photos on yelp regarding their lunch setos (only $8.50!!!!) so decided to finally try it out. SO WORTH IT.Service was friendly and casual with smiles from the attentive employees all around. Atmosphere/decor was modern and casual with a lot of open space. Very clean. The kitchen area is half open for customers to see and from what I could tell, there were so many employees. Maybe they're preparing for when it hopefully gets busier in the near future!Now let me tell you about the food. It looked exactly like all the yelp pictures I had perused, which is quite a testament to how consistent they are, especially for a newer establishment. My boyfriend got the chicken katsu seto and I got the sashimi seto. The side salad had fresh greens and the perfect amount of dressing. The miso was standard and always a welcome addition. There was a side of thinly sliced cucumber in some vinegar-type sauce as well, which I definitely enjoyed. My favorite of course, was the sashimi itself. It came with 7 thick slices - two salmon, two tuna, two yellowtail, and one snapper. All were succulent and so so fresh, probably one of the freshest I've had in Vegas.They provided my boyfriend with this house hot sauce which was so good and addicting. I alternated dipping my sashimi between that and the soy sauce! The little itty bitty mug of green tea was adorable and perfect for my tiny hands - normal mugs are way too large. I appreciated this detail immensely.The icing on top of the cake was that the owner/chef himself came to check up on us and offered us a complimentary dish - this popular yellowtail sashimi with micro cilantro, fried jalapeno, and some kind of ponzu sauce. It melted in my mouth, not gonna lie. We later found out that the dish amounted to $12.So why give this place 4/5 instead of 5/5? Am I just being a hardass? The only reason I loved this place was because of the lunch set value and quality and the comped dish, which I'm pretty sure doesn't happen all the time. Looking through the menu items, they seem to be quite pricey, so I want to come back and try them before really deciding that it's worth it.Yay! I'm a fan.
5	We were very satisfied with the service everyone I mean everyone was extremely friendly. We had called in to make a reservation for our party but only takes reservation for 6 and more we were only 5. We arrived and a young lady had recognized our voice over the phone came over to us and assisted us. We asked for recommendations And absolutely every choice was delicious. We can honestly say that it is the best sushi we ever had. As we continued to order and order rolls the owner/chef greeted us with the most genuine voice. That meant allot to us.
4	Wonderful service and food at a great price. I highly recommend the tostadas, they are excellent.  Hidden gem of a place in the Southwest area of Las Vegas. Oddly enough, the dining room table and chairs need to be modernized, I'm almost positive, this is the same furniture from the prior Greek restaurant which I used to frequent. Other than that, I shall return.
4	The place was clean and service was pretty good.  They were busy on a Friday night.The soft shell crab was great.  The Uni was sublime very fresh. The owner paid us a visit at our table at the end of the night and was very pleasant and upbeat and even gave us a free dish to try.  Fresh fish!! I will be back
4	Soho was suggested to me by a coworker who loves sushi and I had drove by it a few times so I was curious to find out how good it would be. The food was amazing and the fish was of best quality and fresh. I would give the food 5 stars. I was expecting it be because the owner is Chef John Chien Lee, former executive chef of Social House at Aria. The service wasn't the best at least for me with the wait staff and I expand on why later on. First the food. We ordered baked mussels, seaweed salad, the spicy tuna roll, the salmon and avocado roll, and the salmon wasabi creme (the dish I was excited to try the most). The appetizers tasted the same as they would any other Japanese restaurant nothing special. I love salmon and it was definitely on point in both the wasabi creme and paired with avocado in a roll. The spicy wasabi creme had a nice hint of lemon tangy to compliment the fish, but the wasabi creme could of had a little more punch to it. In the roll, the avocado was nice and creamy and it looked like more of a mash than just a big chunk, which was very appreciated. Mid meal, the Chef and Owner, John Chien Lee, came out to check on everyone dining and when he can by our table he was friendly and welcoming. He saw that I had a thing for salmon and asked if I would mind to try something similar, but not salmon, compliments of the chef and I said sure! He brought us out the house special ocean trout and it was just what he said delicious! I never knew trout could taste as good as salmon and I enjoyed the surprise of the pop rocks that had top it off! The service would get a rating of 3 stars. It wasn't till the chef talked to us that the waiters had a bit more urgency to serve us, which was just two people. It wasn't too busy when we walked in, but it took longer than usually for them to sit us when there were plenty of tables available and the waiter also forgot we were there after he had told us to wait a moment. I think that the chef probably just got there a few minutes after we had sat because it seemed that every customer after us, they were on it and asking if it was there first time and giving them dishes of the house, which we did not receive. Though the chef made up for it with the complimentary dish of trout! The ambiance of the place was okay. It was like top 40 with house music playing, similar to places like ra sushi minus the loudness. Decoration was okay, could have been more, but will do. I did enjoy the menu and the way it was set up! All in all if your looking for fresh fish at a great price with a chef who has experience from working at a well known sushi spot on the strip, without the pricey cost, this is definitely a spot to try! Happy hour runs Mon-Sat. the days they are open from 4p-6pm. And even though the service was ehh, the food was delicious and I'll definitely go back for more.
5	This is the best sushi I have had. I have had sushi from Vancouver BC to  LA. The freshest of everything. The staff took care of you. The deserts are to be tried. Try and save room, step out of your comfort zone. Try new pieces you will be amazed
4	Fresh sushi!  We went here for first time and definitely will not be the last time.  The prices are reasonable and the sushi are good.  We also order lychee sake and it tasted really good.  The restaurant is about 15 mins drive from the strip and the inside of the restaurant is clean.  The waitresses are friendly and they checked up on us a few times.
5	The Wife and are in town for a long weekend and as usual I did my Yelp research prior to landing.  First night in decided to head to SoHo and I'm very glad we did.  From the house salad to the white peach infused sake I had no negative feedback from a culinary perspective.  Now you should prepare yourself to wait even if tables seem open...I know it sounds odd but this is a small place with a small kitchen so from what I can tell they seat based on the kitchens bandwidth.  This happened to us as the counter seating was open but they would not seat us primarily because they had a huge party (for this place).  With that said take the drive to SoHo, chill out with a refreshing beverage and prepare to eat some damn fine grub!
5	Oh.  My.  Gosh!  We loved this place.  It's close to home and my bakery, and it's the freshest sushi I've had off-strip, possibly in Vegas period.  The food and rolls were so fresh and flavorful!  I am sad that I'm forgetting the names of the rolls we ordered.  Service is a bit slow, but I can deal with it when the food is this good.  What I LOVE about it is that the owner/chef care SO MUCH about the food!  He came to our table and asked how everything was.  As a small business owner myself, I really respect that...I care a LOT about my clients' opinions and I've been to too many places that don't.  I like that it's open late, as the hubby works nights and we can meet for a bite.
4	I love this place.  They have the best lunch specials.  If you are looking for a place with fresh sushi you wont be disappointed.
5	This place is amazing! I must say that I have never had better sushi anywhere and I come from a place with great sushi selections. After having dinner here during my trip in Vegas, I wanted to eat here again the next day. Sadly, my friends decided to eat at other places. We ordered so many food while we were there. We just simply wanted to try everything because everything we ordered was very delicious. They are known for their sashimi so order from their specialty selection if you are there. You will not be disappointed. When I had the ocean trout (can't remember if that's the name or something else since we ordered so many dishes), my mouth was in heaven. The fish is topped with poprocks. Yes, POPROCKS!!! It definitely added a nice touch to the fish (and childhood memories of eating poprocks). The waitress that served us was very attentive. She recognized from our voices that we had tried to call in earlier to make reservations. All her recommendations were delicious and she provided great customer service. We ordered hot sake but were given cold sake instead. She returned and gave us a bottle of hot sake and told us the cold sake will be complimentary.I also like that they are open to modifying our philadelphia roll with hamachi instead of salmon. Overall, I have experienced wonderful customer service and the best sushi quality here at Soho Japanese Restaurant. If the owner of Soho Japanese Restaurant is reading this review, can you please open a location in San Francisco, CA? I'm dying for your sushi. T_TP.S. They have fresh wasabi. :)
5	i very seldom write a review and right away at that but for soho i feel like i have to! i just stepped out of the restaurant and our experience can be described with just one word...AMAZING!!! we ordered the beef teriyaki and sashimi lunch setto and everythig was spot on! the bee was perfectly cooked, the miso soup was not so salty (exactly the way i like it) salad was great! let's just say that it is very rare that my hubby empties out every single plate he has in front of him at a japanese restaurant but his looked like it was licked clean! the sashimi was very fresh and the serving size is perfect!The green tea tiramisu has to be reviewed by itself...it's to die for!!!i would gladly go back just to eat this! The staff is super friendly and very very attentive from the moment we stepped in! To sum it all up, this is definitely in my top 3 fave japanese restaurant ! Did I mention that it's just around the corner from my house?? SCORE!!!!
5	My wife and I came here based on Yelp. We certainly did not expect it to exceed our expectations. It did. We tried the yellow tail with yuuzu (sp?), the seas trout, the wasabi creme salmon, the sea trout, the double Dragon roll, the soft shell crab roll, and the in house made gyoza, and the matcha (sp?) tiramisu. The sea trout was a gift from the chef/owner, John, who came by to talk to us. Everything was fantastic!! As well, our server, Sheila, explained that the restaurant was based on providing Strip quality and service to a local audience. Well, they have exceeded at their goal.
5	I'm visiting from LA, where we may have a good sushi place or two.  But I found this restaurant on Yelp, and off I went, thinking I'd look more toward meat items, as I'd eaten at another sushi restaurant the night before.  When I pulled up to the restaurant, admittedly I was a bit worried, because the signage made me think cookie cutter strip mall Japanese restaurant.  (Usually, when I think Japanese restaurant in a strip mall, I feel more comfortable if it looks like a dive.)  But generic outside appearance aside, this restaurant holds its own with some of the top restaurants of its kind in LA, and brought to mind restaurants like Wa and the original Katsu-ya.  I began with a house specialty, yellowtail sashimi with just enough tempura jalapeno in a garlic and yuzu-based sauce, before moving on to beef tataki, seared to a beautiful texture with a garlic chili oil.  Both were delicious and perfectly tender.  From there, the chef came out--it was wonderful to get such personal attention (and the restaurant was quite busy)--and we discussed what I might want next.  He suggested I try a white sea bass he had just gotten in, and then a trio of taro tostadas, each a combination of a different fish, spice (as in heat) and avocado cream.  They were fabulous small bites.  I finished my meal with the signature miso marinated black cod, perfectly cooked and amazingly flavorful, accompanied with a yuzu-based vinaigrette that complemented it perfectly.My primary server was quite attentive and personable (as were all the others), the setting is unpretentious and comfortable, and I didn't know until the end that Chef had graciously given me the white sea bass and tostada tastings.  That was just the cherry on top of an exceptional meal.  It won't be the cheapest Japanese meal you've ever had (though the prices are very fair for what you get, and there are good deals to be had at happy hour and lunch), and if you're a quantity over quality person, there are probably better choices, but if you appreciate top quality, extremely fresh ingredients handled deftly by a talented chef, this is your restaurant.  Even if it were in LA, Soho would still be a standout.  Next time I'm in Vegas, this will be at the top of my list.
5	Amazing experience!  The food was incredible and the server Darryl was top notch.  Service like that is truly rare and when coupled with great food is the best combination anyone could ask for.
5	I've lived in Vegas for three years now and have tried many sushi places and been disappointed by almost all of them.  I saw great reviews for this place on Yelp and thought I would give it a try tonight.  I've never had fresh sushi that tasted this amazing.  The sushi chef / owner is passionate about what he does and you can taste that with every dish.  The chef's attention to detail, dedication to craft and passion for his food are unparalleled in this town.  I will DEFINITELY be coming back here.  Prices are the best I've seen for fresh sushi and the quality blew me away.
5	I dined here numerous times and every time I go I receive excellent quality food. I also highly recommend the cold white peach sake to try. The staff is very friendly and when I take my friends with me they are amazed by this hidden gem in the Southwest.
5	**Summary**       - Specialty - Their specialty is sashimi with different sauces on top. Each plate is around 10 dollars and has 6 slice of fish. They are a bit more inventive than your normal sashimi dishes.       - Decor - The outside is in a strip mall that's not too great to look at. Inside however, it looks like a trendy hot spot, much like the soho part of it's name suggests.       - Price - The price will set you back a bit and the portions are tiny, but this place is more for the experience and tasting new things.**Ordered**       - $18 Miso Marinated Black Cod - Easily the best piece of cooked fish I've ever had. It was cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of miso sweetness.       - $12 Chicken Salad - Chicken was grilled pretty well. Moist inside with a grilled outside.       - $10 Yellowtail Sashimi - I love their twist of making the jalapenos tempura style.        - $11 Seared Tuna Special - The ponzu sauce was complimented very well with the slight sweetness of the onion & the sweet green sauce.       - $11 Ocean Trout - By far my favorite. It tasted like really fresh salmon. When you put it in your mouth, the pop rocks, yes, pop rocks start popping and it's a very different experience. The sweetness of the candy works with the freshness of the fish to produce a very different and delicious experience.       - Uni - A couple flakes of sea salt on these uni slices really brought out the flavor. Fresh and good.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a fancy sashimi place on date night.
4	I'm trying the happy hour tonight, which is served from 4pm- 6pm (I really like places that extend their happy hour to 7pm). I ordered one of each of the $1 tostadas (Salmon, Tako, Tuna and Hamachi), $5 Bacon wrapped Kurobuta Sausage, and $5 dollar order of baked. The owner came around and introduced himself, I had met him before, he is super friendly. It always nice to see this, shows he cares. Oddly enough, the credit card machine wasn't working, the waiter said they would run the amount later if that was ok. I was ok with that especially when they have my 20% off the total bill.
5	Absolutely amazing. Salmon tostadas, Tuna tostadas and Black Cod are fantastic. Food is fresh, flavorful and carefully presented. The owner is a real gentleman and true craftsman. We dine here several time a week. What a find!
5	Finally found a quality sushi place that is off the strip. None of that mushy fish and rice blended concoctions like those low quality All you can eat joints. Quality sashimi, delicious sauces. Not one of those places that serves 50 million made-up rolls mostly consisting of spicy mayo and other filler ingredients. The focus here is more on bringing out the taste of the quality fish, not overdoing it with the sauces. For instance, their California roll is made with 100% real crab meat!!! I never liked California rolls because most use imitation meat. I love crab so I will eat them here!! The owner and staff were very attentive and nice. The owner even gave me a free dish of sea bass sushi to try for free...and it was delicious. They had a green tea creme brulee that they are still deciding if they will put on the menu.....its a keeper...YUM!The peach lychee sake is awesome and made in-house! Prices are good for the quality you get. Happy Hour menu has great selections and awesome is an awesome deal.I will be a REGULAR here!!
5	Decided to come for happy hour and we were not disappointed! Chef John came from Social House, but left the Social House prices behind.  The happy hour items are $1-5, pretty much a steal for the quality of food you are receiving.  They have $1 salmon, hamachi, tuna, and tako tostadas.  The only one I didn't try was the tako, the other three were delicious in flavor and the fish was extremely fresh.  The hydro bib black cod is essentially miso black cod lettuce wraps.  The miso cod is buttery smooth in texture and the flavoring is a good salty sweet combination.  The stuffed mushrooms are fried little balls of delight with an aioli dipping sauce.  I could have eaten 3 orders of these little mushrooms.  All the rolls and the baked mussels are your normal fare at most sushi restaurants, so if you want something different I would order the other items on the HH menu.  I did like that the spicy tuna roll, since it had more of a spicy kick to it, rather than being overwhelmed with mayonnaise.  Another favorite was the cajun albacore sashimi, incredibly fresh fish and quite a large portion given the price.  We also tried the ika geso, which is essentially squid karaage with a great aioli dipping sauce.  We also ordered the sashimi platter which was a generous portion for $25 and all of the items were extremely fresh.  The chef did pop over to see if it was our first time and even sent out a complimentary dish of yellowtail yuzu and a fresh uni portion.  The place and location is unassuming, tucked into a small plaza with some random stores.  The decor is simple and minimalistic.  The best part is that the HH is Monday-Saturday 4-6pm!  I'd come earlier to make sure you get a table!
5	If I could give more stars, I would.  Yesterday was my first time at Soho Japanese Restaurant... so good that I went back today!  I had my friend order, as she had been to Soho many times, and claims this spot as one of her all time favorite spots.. and I dont blame her!Their Ocean Trout, out of this world.  who makes sashimi with pop rock candy... chef john does!  Yes, it sounds a bit absurd... but pure genius!  It was literally poppin and rockin in my mouth! Four words... Hydro Bibb Black Cod.  Amazing!  Its marinated in a miso glaze, so it gives the fish a sweet finish!  They're serve in little cute butter lettuce cups. A definite new favorite!Yellow tail sashimi was PERFECT! Its served with little tempura jalapeno , and set on the sashimi.  Each bite, pure heaven!All of their sashimi is the freshest I've ever had in Vegas! Coming from Hawaii, I'm a bit picky when it comes to where I eat my sashimi, because I'm used to freshly caught fish in Hawaii. At Soho, its clear that their motto is QUALITY!What draws me to this place, other than the fact that their food is AMAZING, is the customer service.  We were personally approached by the Chef/Owner himself.  He reiterated our order, and by that he was able to get a feel of what our taste buds were like.  He said that as a courtesy, he was going to bring out a complimentary sashimi dish, on the house.  It was a black sea bass w/ truffle and olive oil. OMG. it was soooooo delicious! First of all, he didn't have to do that... that was truly nice of him to do! The vibe, the food and location is perfect.  I will definitely be back!
5	This was our first time going to SoHo. It was hands down the best sushi restaurant We've been to. The owner was our sushi chef and he let us try a few of his sashimi cold dishes. They were very good. All the staff was super friendly. And the prices were very fair for Vegas. We live in Indy and come to Vegas 5+ x a year and we will be coming here every time.
4	I come here regularly for their Happy Hour from 4-6p. Prices are $5 or less. They have these $1 sashimi tadas that were fresh & flavorful. They have shrimp tadas that are not on the HH menu which is $2. You have to try their Hydro Bib. Delicious! Its like miniature fish/lettuce wrap. Everything on the menu was very good! The customer service was quick and attentive. Its a really nice quaint restaurant with great HH prices.
5	Oh my god!!!! Went there to try something new be cuz read a lots good review about this place. This was awesome. Food was amazed. John is the owner was so nice. Give us a free dish of yellow tail sashimi.. Nothing better than that. He knows how to make people come back ;)) . I'm in love with Twin roll. That was the one he suggest, omg it was soooooooo good. Have to be back an other time . Thanks
5	This is hands down the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to! I went for the first time during happy hour just to check it out.  The place was extremely clean and the smell of raw fish was kept to a minimum, while some sushi places have that fried fish smell, this one didn't.  The staff was so friendly and inviting offering food off of their menu with such respect to the chef.  We ordered 3 sushi rolls, Shrimp Tempura, Firecracker and Salmon Avocado, which are some basic rolls to try.  I was shocked at how fresh and flavorful the rolls were! yum! A gentleman came over to our table and introduced himself as the chef! He was beyond nice! He then sent over 2 Sashimi plates and some Jalapeno poppers! Free of charge! I am not into sashimi so i thought I would give it a try.  My mind was blown! If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would! Best sushi place ever.
4	There was a 45 min wait at an all you can eat sushi place nearby so I immediately went to yelp. This place had the highest ratings out of all the other places so we immediately headed there.Three words, order ALL the tadas. We couldn't decide which was our favorite since all 6 tasted phenomenal. We also ordered the Cajun albacore cold plate, soft shell crab appetizer and twin dragon roll...all were AWESOME!Our server recommended the green tea tiramisu and it did not disappoint. You definitely need to save stomach room for this. I don't think we can go back to the other sushi place. The quality of the fish was far better and the service was 10 times better...I know it's not really comparable since the other place is a high churn AYCE restaurant but since they are equidistant from our house, we will definitely keep coming to Soho from now on.
5	I've been waiting to post my first Yelp review to a very special place. Soho was amazing. Hands down!We got there at 5:50 and put our names down... About a 15 minute wait. When they were ready to seat us, they apologized for the wait (unnecessary, but appreciated) and they offered to extend happy hour just for our first order (again, unnecessary because happy hour had ended at 6, but very much appreciated). We ordered several items from the happy hour and regular menu. My favorites were the Cajun Albacore, Firecracker roll, and the Sunny Salmon Roll. You HAVE TO TRY THE SUNNY SALMON ROLL. I can't even put words together to describe the delightful surprise of flavors that you taste, so you're just gonna have to take my word for it and try it yourself. We also had the cold peach saki which was delicious!At the end of our dinner, the head chef came over to us, introduced himself, thanked us for our business, and later brought over a complementary sashimi dish of yellowtail, which was fantastic. Soho is a small place so there will most likely be a wait around happy hour, but it's definitely worth it. I'll definitely be coming here again very soon!
5	This place was great! The staff is super friendly and after finding out it was our first time here the chef personally came out to make sure everything was going good and thanked us for coming in. Everything we had was delicious! I highly recommend this place!
5	I'm an out of towner here for a convention and decided to step out for some good food and found this place on Yelp.   True to form it did not disappoint. Awesome staff.  Extremely kind, patient and friendly.   The food was great.  Extremely affordable and worth the trip.   Dont be afraid to step off the reservation for some good food!
5	Such an amazing restaurant! Chef John is truly unique and creates a variety of surprising flavors in every dish especially his sashimi dishes! His prices are very reasonable for the quality of fish and the fresh ingredients he uses. The happy hour is awesome, one you don't want to miss! The service is 5 star and the restaurant is very clean which is always nice when raw fish is involved. Chef John is very personable with his guests so don't be surprised if he stops by your table to say hello or bring you something to try. The greatest thing about this place for us locals is that it's located off the strip @ 215 & jones so no strip traffic to fight, no walking through casinos and no paying casino prices. One of my new favorites!
5	I spent five weeks working in Vegas and this was by far the BEST locals recommendation. The staff was courteous and attentive. The sushi was amazing! I wish I had written down all of the spectacular times we ordered but alas I am left with only their lovely memory. The sushi was fresh, tasty and promptly made. I loved eating at a restaurant that didn't scream, "You're in Vegas!".
5	Fabulous good, great customer service and to top it off the price is fantastic.. You all must try everything.... Desserts are flipping yummy
5	This is quite possibly the best Japanese restaurant I've ever experienced. The chef/owner used to be the executive chef at Social House in Treasure Island and I'm assuming he kept all his connections because the fish quality is on par with the world class sushi joints on The Strip, but you're paying normal prices. A few things are worth highlighting as to why this place deserves nothing less than 5-stars:First, Chef Lee is incredibly passionate about the experience. If he has the bandwidth, he'll personally visit every table in the place just to find out how you're enjoying the food. I've never seen another chef do this as frequently or with as much enthusiasm. Also, he'll take note of commonalities amongst your orders and make recommendations for other dishes he thinks you will like. His recommendations to us have all been things we've never heard of, like engawa and sawagani, but have been soooo good and worth ordering again. Second, in case you glossed over it above, the quality of his fish is on par with the best restaurants in town. Further, he designed the menu to include unique dishes you won't find anywhere else, such as the tostadas. Ask him about his specials if you want to get your hands on the one-off buys that he doesn't list on the menu.Finally, SoHo won't break the bank. If you go all out for dinner, you may spend $50 per person (not including alcohol), but we usually end up around $35 per person. If you go there for lunch, you can get an entire meal for $8.50. Pretty awesome.If you're a fan of Japanese food or just like trying new places, you would be out of your mind not to give SoHo a try.
5	We've been here twice and both visits exceeded our expectations. This is the place to go if you love sashimi. If you're looking for a place for fresh fish and generous cuts of sashimi then this is the place to check out. As we walked in the staff was very tentative and were seated right away. As we sat we received our drink order and our waitress Julie ran us through the menu and listed out her favorites as she emphasized on the sashimi. We heard a lot of good things about Chef Lee and his attention to sashimi, so the wifie and I decided on the 15 piece sashimi plate along with some house favorites which were the ocean trout with pop rocks (pop rocks went well with the trout as it acted more as a texture touch rather than adding taste) and the yellow tail with ponzu sauce (clean fresh taste, ponzu paired perfect with the yellow tail).  As the sashimi plate came out the first thing that caught my eye were the generous cuts of fish. Our plate consisted of three pieces of tuna, three pieces of scallop (light and sweet as this was the wifies favorite); three pieces of saba; two pieces of red snapper; two pieces of salmon; and two pieces of Hamachi kama (my favorite as it was so so buttery it left a silky feeling in your mouth). As we were close to finishing to our surprise Chef Lee greeted us at our table and ask how we were doing. He also brought out one of his special dishes on the house, sea bass with olive oil and truffle salt (very simple clean tasting in which every element went well together). Soho is one of my favorites. Personable chef and friendly staff with one of the best sashimi in town.
5	If you like to discover great "hole in the wall" restaurants this is definitely the place you have to eat at. What to expect is fresh fish, quality preparation and great customer service! If you have ever ate on the strip at the famous Social House then that is the type of service and quality food you will get (maybe even better!)-- and at HALF THE PRICE!! Support Las Vegas small businesses and eat here!! My favorites are: Miso Cod on top of butter lettuce cupsSalmon Wasabi Creme SashimiALL of the tostadas--specifically the POKEYellowtail Sashimi with JalapenosEverything SASHIMI....you know its fresh when you try the UNI =)Too much too mention!!Lunch Specials are $8.50 can't go wrong with that!! LOVE this place and the STAFF!! =)
1	Can't understand why this place got five stars. Food was fine but price was not worthy than the taste I had. Server was kind but took so long from ordering to get foods on the table. Last, server said that they don't accept the debit card so we gave another card and again and again. Finally I ask to try my debit card and then it was working and it was fourth card we gave to her. What a nice place have a server who does not know how to swap card haha no more word to say
5	The quality of the food was fantastic.  We had a few of the specials; the sashimi was a plate of various types of fish.  The tuna was superb.  There were mini crabs (actually Japanese River Crabs) that we thought were decoration with the platter, but were edible.  The "worst" thing we had was the Rock Shrimp Tempura.  They were quite good, but similar to popcorn shrimp you'd get at Applebees/TGIFridays/etc.  I really enjoyed the Crispy Tuna Roll - literally crunchy/fried rice under the fish.  The prices are closer to what you'd see on the Strip than locally, but the quality is at least as good as anywhere on the Strip, if not better.
5	Props to chef John ! He really has created a masterpiece !!! Bringing fresh and creative quality food to locals.Everything from the California roll, that contains REAL fresh crab, to the braised short rib blew my mind.   I have the pleasure of dining at Soho often, and not once have I been disappointed! The food is unbelievable and for a amazing priceStaff is super friendly- I can't wait to see the menu, and this place grow.  Amazing !
5	I had an amazing experience here. Charles was the best server. He did a pre set menu for us of because we are unsure what to get.The yellowtail sashimi was the best I ever had. The chef was the sweetest man. He came out to great us and he gave us several free bottles and a plate is salmon sashimi with pop rocks that was amazing.
5	Best Sushi Joint in Las Vegas! Five Star service, quality, and atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
5	The miso cod makes me realize so much why I don't like cooking fish at home.  I can never time the cooking so perfectly, and this is a great example of the perfect fish.  Not a second overdone, best dish on the menu.  It's a little pricier than the $2 tostadas, but so darn good!!!The second stand out for me was the cajun albacore plate.  Great addition to the southwest. All the staff is very attentive.
5	Excellent!!Must try!! The food is of the best quality and the price is really great for what you are getting! Great wait staff!!Owner was very nice and hands on, I definately recommend this place and can't wait to come back again soon!!
5	Must say the fish was awesome and fresh. They didn't hesitate to customize my rainbow roll and it came out awesome. Their pickled wasabi was great too! Chef John and the staff provided outstanding service. Great first experience will definately come back again.
5	Super fresh sashimi.  We'll worth the short drive off the strip.  Chef Chien Lee was great and very friendly.  All 5 stars ratings from Yelpers can't be wrong!  Love the uni and the yellowtail.
5	Visiting Vegas for the week, we turned to Yelp to find a good sushi spot. Soho isn't a good spot. It's an amazing spot!! Nothing we tried disappointed us in any way, and our only regret was that we live in Montana and can't come here more often!! The staff was very attentive, and knew the menu so they could explain to us any ingredients we weren't familiar with. We were honored to meet Chef John, and his passion for the products he presents his patrons with is very obvious. We visited Soho's twice while we were in town, and I think we went through the whole list of sashimi specialties. The husband doesn't like salmon, but the Wasabi Cream Salmon won him over. Next trip I really have to try the oysters and the miso cod, among other things. There is truly a reason Soho has a 5-star Yelp rating, and you will not be disappointed with a visit here!
5	This wasn't just one of my favorite experiences in Vegas. This was one of the best meals I've ever had - anywhere. When I looked at all the five star reviews on Yelp, I thought, "there's no way...there's got to be a catch." Yes way and no catch. This is the real deal!Driving there and driving up to the place didn't help. It's about 20 minutes to what seems like the middle of nowhere. It's in a nondescript strip mall. The place looks like (in a previous life) it might have been a Five Guys burger joint or Denny's with a new paint job. The people could not have been nicer or more cheerful. They highly recommended the sashimi specials so we went with the flow, tempted as we were to just stick to our sushi staples.Wow! Just wow! The first garlic tuna was really good. Next, they brought us the yellowtail. One problem, we didn't order yellowtail. The waiter was like, "Dude, you gotta try this!" The verdict - more yellowtail and make it snappy! We ordered four things off the sashimi menu and when we were done, ordered four more. We could have said, "surprise us" and I'm 100% certain we would have been surprised and delighted. How many places can you say that about. And it was very reasonably priced (there's NO place on the strip you can say that about)Of all the same old same old on the strip, there are two places in Vegas that just blow them all away - Soho and Raku. We'll be back!HUGE star and mouth muscle straining smiley face!
5	frickin awesome place.  Quality food.  Great service.  My faves: dragon roll, beef teriyaki, tuna "roll"...
5	Holy shit! I had high expectations since the reviews on here are spectacular...  and i was very impressed.  The food was quick, fresh and OH MY GOD ! The salmon sushi i was given melted in my mouth. The servers, were so friendly, and the chef came to us to see how everything was.
5	Really awesome, super fresh fish. The Crispy Tuna Roll and sashimi sampler were amazing. Would definitely come back here soon.
5	Just tried this place and it was awesome!!  The food was amazing and the staff was great!!  Everything we ordered from the appetizers to dessert was delicious!!
5	This place delivers.  My mom, the most picky sushi eater was impressed, which is hard to do since she's from Japan.  She even liked it better than Nobu.  Everything was great, unpretentious atmosphere, attentive staff.  Great dining experience.
5	Excellent food and service. This our new favorite Sushi spot. Owner came by to day hello.
5	I saw all the reviews on yelp and had to see what all the rave was about. Excellent customer service, great food, abs they even comped us a dish they wanted us to try. The chef came around and greeted us and made for an entertaining dinner. All the food we ordered was delicious. The short rib was nice and tender, as was the steak. Sashimi was fresh and perfectly cut, and the wasabi was also good too. The fried foods we ordered were also clean - not greasy at all.
5	Overall very good place and highly recommended.Very good service, very reasonable price and high quality food with great presentation. We ordered the tempera shrimp roll, fire cracker roll, seaweed salad, dumpling, yellow tail sashimi, miso cod and vanilla bean creme brulee. The creme brulee is excellent, aromatic, creamy and well balanced sweet. The cod has good texture, tender, juicy and flaky. But I may want it to be less salty though. My friend had the rolls and the salad. I like the salad tastes very fresh probably enlightened from the vinegar. I am not big fan of sushi or sashimi. But my friend liked them a lot as well.The manager is very friendly and attentive. He stopped by our table to make sure we are satisfied with our food and send us complimentary fish items for both times we visited. It seems he stops by every table at appropriate times. He waved to us from inside the open kitchen when we left as well.
5	We went here for a quick dinner after work. This place is an amazing neighborhood find! The food was great, literally everything that we ordered was perfect. We happened to stop by during happy hour and everything on that menu was perfect. We also ordered a few drinks while there. The infused Sake was perfect, as well as the house Sake. We will definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone.
5	For me this is the best Japanese restaurant here in Las Vegas. They have a first-rate kind of food that you will not smack from the other Jap. Resto. The very important thing is that, they're not open on Sundays! Why? Because there's no fresh deliveries of seafood on sundays.
1	Sorry this place is NOT 5 stars!!!  Thought I give it a try for lunch because of the 5 star rating.  Had the lunch special that came with a salad, side of cucumbers, steamed rice, 4 piece of spicy tuna roll (by the way the roll dimension was the size of a quarter. Not exaggerating)There was nothing spectacular about any part of my lunch at all.  Service was terrible.  Walked in, waited at the front, not sure if I was supposed to seat myself.  Waited for anyone to even make eye contact but all the staff seemed too busy to even notice. Finally walked up to one of the servers and she sat me at the bar.  Took a while for a server to come take my order.  Once I ordered it.  Took a while to get my food.  They dropped off my food and not a single server stopped by to see how I was doing.  No One!  I ate everything, because I was starving.  Was up for 5 hours running errands and didn't have anything to eat.  Everything was below average.  Fish did not seem fresh to me. Salad and cucumber was tasteless, miso soup tasted  like all soy sauce based.  The steam rice was good. But I wish I had ordered the Chicken Katsu lunch instead.  Was still hungry, but  I can't eat just steam rice plain.   Why would you serve a bowl of steam rice with sushi anyways?To sum it up...this place is FAR from 5 stars.  It's lacking in every department.  Oh and I their credit card machine was down so the server told me that she had to write down my credit card number and enter it later.  Geez. There isn't any reason I could think of to bring me back here.Goyemon is and has always been my favorite.  I just wanted to see what all this 5 star rating hype was all about.  And I'm sorry but this is a completely misleading...5 star?  More like 5 NOs!!!!
5	This place is awesome. I went there for dinner and was greatly impressed. I mostly had sashimi ordered from the chef specialty part of the menu. The food was high quality and amazing. Worth every penny, however, it is reasonably priced. The atmosphere is great and the place is kept clean. Overall this is one of the better sushi places I've been to in awhile.
5	Holy moly!!! No joke this place wins in Vegas... Chef was so informative and nice, sat at bar, AMAZING experience. I let the waitress and chef guide my experience love this place!
5	Impeccable food and service.   I was curious....5 Solid Star Rating for this place with 247 reviews?  I have never seen this before.  The sushi is really fresh, delicate pieces of Salmon, Yellowtail, Tuna and Shrimp that nearly melted in my mouth.  I read the review from a fellow yelper that recommended some Sashimi plates and I tried them all and it was incredible.  Wasabi creme Salmon, Seared Tuna, Ocean Trout and Yellowtail with Crispy Jalapeno slices.  All fantastic!  The Black Cod appetizer was the perfect start to this meal.  Perfect for kids too- they offer chicken with rice.   The service was quick and attentive the food outstanding.This place is not on the Strip and though if you're in Vegas it's where you want to be, but with this kind of rating I had to check this place out.  It is amazing and worth the drive away from the crowds on the strip.  This place will be my go to spot next time in Vegas- without a doubt. Parking is easy- they have their own private lot.
5	I can see why this place has 5 stars. Customer service - top notch. Starting from the apps, everything in between,  to desert was awesome. Instead of me explaining it all, why don't you just come and try yourself, you won't be disappointed.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Soho for the first time, as all of the reviews seemed really impressive.  We are from San Diego and have had a lot of really good sushi, so we were excited to try Soho.Upon arriving, we were surprised at how busy the place was.  Every table was full.  That seemed like a good sign.  Luckily, we didn't have to wait as we came in just before the crowd.  The restaurant was decorated nicely, and seemed very clean.  We ordered the Cajun Albacore, Mixed Tempura, Crispy Tuna Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Garlic Tuna, and the Chef threw in the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy.  Pricing was decent as the entire bill came to $57.  We thought that the sashimi plates were delicious and the Yellowtail was AMAZING!  I thought it was very nice for the chef to do this and I would have given Soho a 5 star rating, had it not been for the fact that they didn't have any rolls with Eel or they didn't have the regular crispy tempura topping on the rolls that most places have.  The crispy tuna roll was good and different.  It had fried the rice on the bottom instead of being rolling in the other crispy stuff.  The tempura veggies was by far the BEST tempura we have ever had.  If we are in the mood for tempura and yellowtail sashimi, we will make Soho the place we go.  Because there are no rolls with Eel, we will have to try other places next time.  Overall though, Soho is a great place to have sushi.
5	Want to get some of the best sushi in Vegas without going to the strip? Soho is the place to go.We stumbled upon this place thanks to Yelp and am in complete agreement with the 5 star rating.Highly recommend the yellowtail yuzu soy.To top off the good food and reasonable prices, the chef is someone that actually cares about his customers and stops by to greet every customer.
5	Amazing food and service!  The black cod lettuce cups and the yellowtail sashimi were awesome.  And, at the end of our meal, the chef came out to see how we liked it.  I highly recommend it.
5	The server recommendations are amazing and the hospitality is incomparable! The yellowtail is definitely a must try! The ambience is well polished with a clean atmosphere, appropriate music levels and unrivaled presentation!
5	Amazing food that lives up to their star rating for sure.   Sheila, our server, took amazing care of us.  The calamari was the most unique flavor combination of dipping sauce and seasoning that I have ever encountered.   We tried all but 1 thing on the happy hour menu and our bill was about $60 and we were very full.  The only thing lacking here is ambiance.   Definitely not a romantic date night spot or anything.
5	Great Sushi and Service!! Me and a couple of buddies came to vegas last month tried out this place and was amazed. Came back a month later with more people to visit a second time and I wasnt let down! The sushi was served fast considering the place was almost at max capacity. And the owner came out and greeted us. He was very nice. If u come to vegas gotta eat here at least once. Its off the strip so plan wisely. I love sushi!!!
5	Easily the best sushi spot in Vegas. Been to all the rest, beats Nobu etc easily. Hometown atmosphere, great place to eat insanely good sushi and chill with friends. The Ocean Trout is a must!! The Yellowtail Yuzu Soy was brought out compliments of the chef and made me moan out loud lol. Great rolls. Only issue would be the slightly sweet seaweed salad.
5	Soho is my go-to sushi spot in Vegas. The sushi quality for the price is an amazing deal. And the chef, the old executive chef at social house, is the nicest chef I've ever met. He always comes by the table to say hi and is always so friendly. I recommend this place to all my friends, and I never walk away disappointed. I usually get the sashimi platter for $25, and my boyfriend loves the happy hour tostada specials. Great lunch menu and happy hour menu. What's not to love?!
5	This week was all about reconnecting with friends. Tonight a few of us decided to take a drive and visit Soho as we've heard some amazing things! So good, I noticed they had an average of 5 stars with over 250 reviews! WOW! That's amazing. I'm always up for new places, especially ones with amazing reputations. What I didn't realize was how amazing this place was going to be!This restaurant is located on the Southwest side Las Vegas in an up and coming area. New homes and business are opening every single month. Soho is located in a strip mall a couple of blocks south of the 215. Once you enter, you'll notice a very small location. A few tables in the main dining room and a sushi bar around the corner. The prominent color in this joint is red, but not an obnoxious shade, more of a warmer color. From the chopsticks to the seats, to the service, this place really takes the time to focus on their customers. Our server tonight was Sheila. She was definitely on point. Super personable, super accommodating and very efficient. By the time we were finished with our meals, I felt like I was hanging out with a friend. I really enjoyed her as a server! This place truly takes pride in their service as well as their food. Here's what we had tonight and here's what I thought:Yellowtail Yuzu Soy for $12: Sheila said this was their signature dish so we just had to try it! Sliced Yellowtail sashimi topped with tempura serrano peppers, garlic dust and micro cilantro over a bed of Ponzu sauce and garlic oil. WHAT AN AMAZING DISH! The sashimi was super fresh, the serrano, dust and cilantro brought a  clean crisp taste and texture to the raw fish and the oil and sauce enhanced the overall flavor. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish!Mixed Sashimi (15 pc.) Special for $25: One of my friends tonight recommended this  dish to share. I'm so glad she did! This huge dish came with various cuts of sashimi: Tuna, salmon, 2 kinds of snapper, yellowtail and scallops. Each cut was super fresh and not accompanied with a super fishy smell. The garnish made the plate super easy on the eye, but the food solidified it's beauty. Definitely a must try!Tuna Box Sushi for $12: This was a cool roll! Tuna, Spicy Mayo, avocado, shrimp and rice crackers all formed into a box shape. The flavor was insane! First, I'm going to keep reiterating the fact that the proteins are so fresh! What I really liked was the crunch from the rice cracker balls. The crunchiness really brought a nice texture to the overall roll.  You have got to try this one!Spicy Salmon roll for $6: So good, we ordered 6 of them! Spicy salmon, avocado, cucumber in a roll. What stood out was that there was a lot of salmon in this roll! Definitely worth the price and the salmon had a really good flavor to it. I loved it!Man, I'm so glad I was able to try this place. It's become such a huge favorite spot within the Yelp community and I can definitely see why! Our party was really treated with the most respect and I truly appreciated it. Reviewing a place involves your opinion in multiple areas including, but certainly not limited to, the atmosphere, the service and the food. In other words, the entire experience and let me tell you, Soho has exceeded my experience expectations. Thanks so much, Sheila and the rest of the gang at Soho!
5	We were recommended by a friend that Soho is one of the best Sushi restaurants in Vegas and boy was he right! This place by far is the best Sushi we have ever had! It is completely fresh and melts in your mouth! The service was amazing as well! This is a must go!
5	5 star sushi in middle of no where in the outskirts of Vegas ??Just had to experience that for myself on the recent trip out there.On a Fri night, the place was packed, but after 30 mins of waiting, we got a table. The waiter was a friendly kid from Hawaii, who was able to recommend some of the favorites and specials. We ended up ordering prob more that necessary for two of us.. but we wanted to try various dishes. Plus the prices were oh-so reasonable. lolYeah, those 5 stars are well-deserved !Everything from oysters to sushi was super-fresh and delicious.The food comes out pretty quick, but in orderly and timely manner so your table is not full of dishes uneaten.We also got to talk to John (owner and chef) who is a very nice guy and definitely knows his sushi. We wish him and the staff the best.
5	We go to Vegas a lot and were looking for something new and read the reviews on yelp. We eat Japanese food/sushi about 3 times a week and are very particular of the yakitori or Sushi, Shabu Shabu etc so I have to concur with the reviews on here, the food/service was 5 star. The chef-owner personally came out to talk to us and made an already great experience even better . Everything was just fantastic we sampled a lot off the menu and happy hour menu and can recommend everything we had.   The uni was unbelievable, I am often underwhelmed by some places uni, this was by far the best I have had in along time. I cannot praise these guys more, we will be back and can't wait to try the Rib.
5	Words can not express the level of awesomeness this place has, but I shall try nonetheless.#1. This place has some of the freshest sushi I have seen. Food is always consistently on point. Sushi places often struggle to keep their standards to a level. This place, without being over-pricey, keep a high level of quality while giving you good quantity. #2. The service here is great! Glass half full? Now it's full again. Bam, new prospective. But seriously, they make sure you are well catered too and even at times surprise you with unexpected sample dishes from the kitchen which is always a good hook. (ho ho ho...get it? Hook? Sushi restaurant? Ehhh...I should stop while I'm ahead)#3. Place is clean. Even the bathroom. You can tell a lot about the hygiene level of the wait staff and kitchen crew of a restaurant by its restrooms. No lie. Go to a McDonald's bathroom then go to a great restaurant bathroom and you'll know what I mean. #4. Green Tea Tiramisu. Enough said.
5	My first review ever so I'm keeping it simple. Absolutely fantastic food, service and atmosphere.
5	Who would have thought one could find what might just be one of the best Las Vegas dining experiences sandwiched between a gas station and a Subway? This small, yet very homey eatery, captures the feel of higher end locations, and actually kicks their butt in the menu department. The service was great, I almost felt like a VIP. Starting with the lady who greeted us, to our very knowledgeable waiter Darrell, and the sweet lady assisting him, we got the royal treatment, and were quite impressed with the fabulous selections they recommended. Talk to Darrell and let him tell you what's up, we did and were quite happy. When one considers where this really is, it is even more amazing; not on the strip or in some high end casino, but in a small strip mall out in the desert. The values are here, but you can also step things up a notch or two if that is your party's desire. Nice place!
3	So, we decided on SoHo for all of the good Yelp reviews. The good things: the freshness of sushi & the service. Our waiters and waitresses were extremely friendly. And the sushi was good. Was it the most amazing sushi we've ever had? No, but it was good. The factors that left more to be desired: the decor of the restaurant and number of sushi options. If you want a restaurant with a cool atmosphere and ambient lighting, this is definitely not the place. I would definitely revisit this restaurant, but for lunch. When I want to go out on a Friday or Saturday night, this wouldn't be top on my list. It reminded me more of a cafeteria, and hence why I have it three stars. If rating solely on freshness and quality of rolls, I'd give it a 4.
5	Second visit just a wonderful as the first!  We lucked out on Friday night and were seated within a few minutes.  Score #1!  Our server skillfully navigated us through the menu.  We started with the Yellowtail Sashimi and the White Fish Special.  I cannot do justice to the freshness and quality of the sashimi - superb!  Next was the Hydro Bibb Black Cod -the crispy cod was delicious! The BF had two of the tostadas - one shrimp with mango and one salmon with pico de gallo - both of which were devoured with joy!  While he worked on the crispy tuna roll, I was having a Harry Met Sally moment with my Salmon Belly - OMG!  Creamy, buttery bliss!  As I was trying to make my moment last, the BF was having his own with the Vanilla Cream Brulee ( I am jello) made with vanilla beans! Everyone is so warm and genuine!  I love Soho!!!!!
5	Whitefish special delicious! As always the chef/owner came out to check on us-super nice and talented guy. Great food and service!
5	Awesome service. Best sushi ever, especially the sashimi. Fresh and scrumptious. Dessert was heavenly. Can't wait to come back.
5	Omg...fresh is not even the best way to describe the fish here! It is incredible. We found this because of Yelp! TY yelpers!!  We tried spicy  tuna roll , firecracker roll, salmon avocado with salmon & tuna tadas. We're planning our return already!
5	Any place with this many reviews and 5 stars on yelp must be met with a certain level of skepticism. What with all the fake reviews and the like that go on, but damn was my skepticism completely unwarranted. Myself and my date got there at 7:30 on a Thursday night with a 15 minute wait. Not bad at all, the hostess was very polite and took my name down. We had a beer next door and had a table 12 minutes later. Then this place began to shine. I ordered the same thing I ordered at every new sushi place I try. The common every day sushi items that are either sub bar, usual or extraordinary. Salmon and Salmon roe nigiri and a spicy tuna roll. This place blew my mind. The Salmon tasted like an Alaskan stream ran through the restaurant. The roe had the perfect consistency. An 'al dente' texture to its bite and a pleasant fresh saltiness. The spicy tuna was perfect. I was almost about to start popping bottles and shaking hands and then something bad happened. My soft shell crab roll didn't appear for 10 minutes, then 15 and then 20. This was okay as I was having a nice conversation with my date and she was enjoying her monstrous chicken salad and just as I looked up to complain the very nice waiter supplied us with some complimentary hot house sake for the wait, and moments later a large order of spicy yellow-tail sashimi (6 pieces). This was outrageous good service. I hadn't even complained yet, but they knew. "From the chef" he said. And walked away politely, then my roll came out. Everything was perfect. They were busy, I can understand why the roll took a minute. I was walked out the door like I was a senator with a stripper on my arm. Definately coming back. 5 stars more than earned Soho! Good job.
4	4.5!!!!I had been wanting to try Soho forever since the reviews look great but never really got around to it.. So when my gfffffff told me I definitely should try it out because she loved it, I dragged my mom there to grab an early dinner.. We actually came during Happy Hour so that was an added bonus! There was a about a 10 minute wait because a large party had just left so the tables had to be broken down..no biggie! But when we were sat it was almost like we were forgotten.. Our server ended up being Sheila who was just fantastic! She was so sweet and informative. Definitely suggest sitting in her section!-HH Cold lychee sake - served in a nice sake glass.. Not too sweet and went down smooth.. I really liked how Sheila would refill my sake cup since that is not something that is practiced at all neighborhood sushi joints..-HH Tostadas- the yellowtail, salmon and tuna ones were so good and fresh! The kimchi Tako one was a little on the salty side.-HH Firecracker- I usually don't like deep fried rolls but this one was good and not oily!-HH spicy tuna roll & salmon avocado roll.. Fish was fresh but the rice was a bit too sweet-HH hydro bib black cod- 2 in one order.. My mom loved these.. Don't know if you're supposed to eat it like a lettuce wrap but that's what she did lol-Ume scallop- so fresh and delicious with a little bit of yuzu, tobiko and salt... mmmmmM the cilantro goes perfect with it as well-Yuzu Soy Yellowtail- at the end of the meal Sheila brought out this dish on the house since it was our first time and this is their signature dish (they did this for my gfffff too). The fish was good but it was way too cold almost like it was just defrosted.. I really appreciate them bringing out this dish for us and it says lots about their customer service! I will definitely be back! HH is awesome and their lunch specials look good too!HOT TIP: if they don't give you a cool sushi pen at the end of your meal.. Ask for one!
4	I am such a lover of Soho! If you love sashimi, this is the place for you. I have been 5 times in three weeks. There lunch specials are excellent, but happy hour menu is a steal! The chef and his crew makes some of the most tasteful bites of Japanese cuisine that my palette has ever experienced.  A tip is to try everything on the happy hour menu! It's affordable, so pace yourself over several trips. I would have given 5 stars, but there rolls are a distant second to the rest of the lunch and dinner menus. A true sushi restaurant should master rolls, sashimi, and nigiri. I feel that feedback is love, and I would love for the chef at Soho to read this so that he challenges himself to create rolls as excellent as the rest of his menu.
4	The sushi here is delicious, and the service is really friendly.  When my boyfriend and I visited recently, we sampled nearly everything on the menu.  I loved the salmon sashimi and he loved the "tostadas."  We had two servers, and I think that's where the trouble cropped up.  It seems one of them may have been new, since he got our order wrong, even after we confirmed it with him a few times.  The chef was really generous, though, and sent over some free yuzu yellowtail for us to try that was really tasty.  However, the night remained a little bumpy as our servers seemed to be mixed up about who was checking on us (the answer is nobody) and we spent a very (very) long time waiting to place our dessert order, get our dessert, ask for our check and receive our check.  I think we ended up being at the restaurant for over two and a half hours, which is pretty crazy.  It got pretty busy during the second half of our dinner, so I'm attributing it to that.  I'll definitely be back, but I'll probably try to avoid the rush.Also, after the dessert finally came (the green tea tiramisu), we found it pretty boring and overhyped. Maybe it was that our server told us they order them from an out-of-house pastry chef, but it didn't seem fresh, and definitely wasn't interesting.  Regular tiramisu is SO much better.  Their green tea tiramisu tastes like nothing more than whipped cream.
5	This place is better than 5 stars it's a 10 for sure! I love sushi and this place has the freshest fish & offers a great happy hour. I can't wait to go back again. Our server was absolutely amazing!!! ( I don't remember  his name but he had glasses and dark hair with a great sense of humor - sorry )
5	Thank you fellow yelpers for leading us to Soho.  They do deserve their 5 stars from the quality of the food to the service.  Our party of four each ordered a lunch special plus some sushi and sashimi to share.  The quality of their food is topnotch.  The sashimi has a "melts-in-your-mouth freshness" I didn't expect in a Japanese restaurant... in the middle of the desert...un-freakin'-believable!At some point in our meal, the owner/chef came over to introduce himself.  To me, it showed his pride in his restaurant and his concern for his customers.  There was an air of genuineness and sincerity in the gesture that I find admirable. We were so happy with the food and service that we thought it couldn't get better than that.  When the check came, we noticed that we weren't charged for the sodas we ordered.  We called it to their attention but were told it was on the house.  Maybe it was because we ordered a lot of food :) Nevertheless, wow!  What a pleasant surprise :)  Soho is really as good as it gets!
5	Best deal in town. Strip food and chefs, but not prices. Wonderful service too top it a off.  Actually better then a lot of strip restaurants, and better than a bunch of places who try to posh and tasty in the summerlin area. I'd like to say thanks to you guys. And hope that you continue to keep it real.
5	This place is deliciousness! Everything we got was amazing and we were lucky and showed up during happy hour! The Cajun albacore and the tuna tostadas were so good! Everything was great! Thank you Julie for being such an awesome server!
5	Restaurants like this don't come by very often and don't let the close proximity to the gas station deter you, Soho's owner and chef used to be the executive chef at Social House on the Strip. The restaurant is pretty modest but clean and casual. The menu is imaginative with specials rotating around the freshest seafood. Tried the fresh uni, Hydro Bibb black cod, salmon wasabi cream and green tea tiramisu. Everything was good if not stellar. On one occasion, I ordered an octopus salad, one of their specials of the evening. The server claimed that the octopus was from Spain and that they were testing the dish to see if it should be a mainstay. They were asking for their customer's opinions. The octopus was tender and the vinaigrette was sweet and spicy. In other words, I hope that octopus salad becomes a regular dish.They also serve affordable lunch specials even during the weekends. At under $9, the sashimi box set is a steal. The restaurant is Strip quality but strip mall affordable. Besides the great food, what really separates Soho from others is the staff who seem genuine and eager to please their customers.
4	Super friendly servers (and owner).  Prices were very reasonable (especially for Vegas standards).  Fish is decent (not the best I have had).  For the two of us.  Our bill came to $160 without tax and tips (about $200 all in).  We came here on a Wednesday night, so the fish wasn't as fresh as I was expecting (since this place was highly recommended).  However, would I come back again.  Absolutely.  It is still a very affordable place.  The table seating are comfortable and spacious.  Not many sushi counter seating though.Nigiri orders:MirugaiHamachiMaguroTaiAma EbiRolls:Spicy TunaCalifornia hand rollPlates:Hamachi YuzoTai with Uni (ponzu)Uni Duo (Santa Barbara and Catalina)Kumamoto oystersMixed Sashimi Hot plates:Mixed TempuraBaked Mussels
4	A standout in the Southwest, Soho truly is a great option in Vegas for sushi & Japanese small plates.Soho is a clear-cut 5 Star location for Happy Hour!  Just skim the reviews for HH and you'll see tons of rave reviews.  The value is incredible for the quality they are putting out!  This is seen again in their Lunch Specials.  Even void of the HH/Lunch pricing, they are still creating some wonderfully balanced and fairly inspired dishes though.  I always check out the specials board when entering Soho as some of my favorite dishes have come from there.  Their signature dish is a Yellowtail Sashimi that comes with  a slice of Tempura Jalapeno, some Micro Cilantro, and is finished with Garlic Oil & Yuzu Soy.  It has quickly become a Soho classic and elevates the Yellowtail without distracting from the fish.  In fact their have been multiple moments that my tongue has longed...yearned...I don't know...maybe lusted for a little tempura jalapeno slice.  This can sometimes be awkward when it happens during the day and excessive amounts of salivation is accompanied.  It can be easily avoided with fairly regular visits however.I am also a fan of their Tostadas...they make for a well composed bite (or two) and come in multiple offerings.  Their are plenty of other tasty options including Hydro Bibb Black Cod, Blue Fin Tuna Specials, and Ocean Trout Specials.  The later two of which also work well simply as Nigiri.
5	First time there and won't be my last. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our waitress Sheila was exceptional and was very helpful with suggesting great options. The food was amazing and big portions of fresh sushi. High quality at it's finest!! Definitely my new favorite spot. I suggest the Twin Dragon Roll, it was amazing!!
5	Hands down the best place to eat sushi!!! I basically come here once a week! Everything is super fresh and I even love the uni which I never liked to eat but now this is the only place ill eat it. You can definitely taste the quality and how fresh it is. This is the only place im eating sushi from now on! Service is great here too!
5	This place is definitely a five star. My man and I went here 05/12/14 and ordered mostly sushi and a yellowtail main dish. They also for FREE gave us a sample (4 pieces of a new salmon dish) for us to try! I've never ever gotten free fish at any sushi place. And excellent fish at that! Absolutely amazing. Also, the main chef walked around and asked us how everything was. BEST SUSHI QUALITY AND SERVICE I've had in a very long time. The fish must have been out of Norway. That's how pure and good it tasted....finally found a wonderful sushi joint.
5	This place was awesome, sashimi was fresh and very tasty. Twin dragon roll was very good and we were given a chefs special which did not have a name but it was great. Oh our server Sheila was very nice helpful and all with a smile in her face. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be coming back to this place.
5	The best sushi restaurant around!! So friendly, fresh food, great prices!!They even gave us key chains at the end of our meal in the shape of sushi! Great little touch.Love coming back here,Ohh and the deserts! OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! Go get some!!!Must go!
5	We celebrated my birthday here last week and I think I found a new sushi place that I love.  The server was very informative and explained how the menu worked and recommended some good choices.  He even had us try some Uni which I'm not a fan because I've had a bad experience and what he gave us was actually good. I think I'll be coming here from now just to have their Uni.  LOL.  The owner was very nice and came to introduce himself to us and even got me a free dessert.  I'm in love with their Green tea creme brulee.  I had a great experience trying what they had to offer.  Will definitely be back.  I love sushi and sashimi and I usually crave it every week.   They offered more of sashimi like dishes which is great since I usually order only nigiri and prefer sashimi since I don't really care for sushi rice.  I'll be back soon.
1	I do not get it. Maybe people go to really bad sushi restaurants, so this gets high ratings?Firstly, this is so not a 5 star rated sushi restaurant. I was invited to go, told it has 5 stars on YELP, and that the sushi chef is from the strip (used to be at Social House?). Sounds impressive....Now, I LOVE sushi and sashimi. The sushi here was ok (not great), yet the sashimi was extremely disappointing. I was so turned off by it that I did not have much of an appetite, and sashimi is one of my favorite foods ever. The salmon sashimi just passed, yet the yellowtail sashimi (which is always my favorite) was gross. It tasted fishy and still had a hardened 'skin' on it... not right!!!!The ambiance is plain and boring, which I would have likely overlooked if the food was good. The restaurant is shabby for sushi/sashimi. I was told that this restaurant is supposed to give Nobu a run run for its money??... In whose fantasyland?!  Nobu is so much better with higher quality and way better tasting food and imagination. I would rather pay more for great sushi/sashimi than less for sashimi that made me want to gag. There are many WAY better off the strip sushi restaurants in Vegas. I will not be coming back to this restaurant. It was disappointing.
5	This place is definitely one of my favorites. For a sit down semi-fancy lunch or dinner it really hits the spot. I've been here twice now and both times were amazing. The staff is knowledgeable, the fish tastes fresh and delicious, all of their dishes did not disappoint. The owner came out to see that our order went well and we were more than happy to say yes!  We ordered almost everything off the happy hour menu, plus some of the sashimi options. It's on the other side of town for me but I'm most definitely willing to make the drive for their fish! If you're in the mood for fresh fish you definitely have to check is place out.
5	Have  been in Vegas for 5 yrs  now, believe  it or not it's the best and freshest seafood that I highly recommend, it s up to the level and better than Raku Restaurant but way more price friendly. Amazing  fresh Crab, Uni, so crystal fresh oysters with a hint of different presentation,  the taste tells you the diversities of the  chef. AMAZING,  STICK TO YOUR TASTE PALLET AND HIGHLY  RECOMEND. JUN TAN BEATRIZ LIM
5	Quality fish. Quality service. Holy yum batman!We were visiting from out of town, and a friend (LV Local) suggested trying this place out. We were not disappointed!! We came during the evening of 5-15-14...When I walked in, I was surprised at the casual / non traditional setting. Don't let it fool you! The fish was exceptional. We sat at the bar & asked the chef to surprise us. He quickly provided us with carefully paired pieces of fish; we had salmon, yellowtail, butterfish... Each one was delicious. For "dessert" I like to finish with either Toro or Uni; we tried 3 different types of Uni. The chef was super friendly and very kind. The Uni was fantastic (of the 3 options, the Japanese was our favorite).Service is good but I would recommend sitting at the bar to enjoy the good company of the chefs! Next time we're in Vegas, we will definitely be back. Don't bother with the restaurants on the strip.... This is a quality sushi restaurant with great value. Our bill was under 100$ and we were drinking and had lots of food. Totally worth it. Oh and we got pens with little sushi-s on the end! I'll treasure them forever while I dream of the Hoakkido Uni........
5	This place is a must try.  Everything is delicious and the sushi is so fresh.I love the Yellowtail Hamachi with yuzu.The Firecracker roll that is deep fried is my favorite. Try the Poke Tada...you won't regret it.  I had three last time...just kept ordering them.The Chef/Owner is great and always stops by your table.
4	Had dinner here one night while visiting Vegas.  Our waiter, was from Hawaii also, so perhaps was extra attentive and friendly.  But either way, we had a great meal here.  Had a California roll, which was very good.  I had the Miso Butterfish.  It was quite a small portion, but very delicious!!!  My gf had the short ribs, which was even better!  Rib was so soft and potatoes were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside. SO GOOD!  We had ordered another roll of salmon avocado sushi, which didn't come tlil way later.  When I asked if they had forgotten it, our waiter was apologetic and explained that they had just gotten a flood of sushi orders.  When he brought our roll, it was quite good, but we were just about done eating.  The sushi chef sent us a plate of hamachi on the house to apologize for our wait!  Very nice.  Food was good and we enjoyed our time here.  We will surely remember to go back the next time we visit.  Then we got these cute little little sushi and sushi platter keychains.
5	THE COOLEST AND NOW MY FAVORITE PLACE TO BE!!!!Being the outspoken and outgoing person that I am, I'm already glad that our server had a great sense of humor and definitely played along with my outspokenness. He was so accommodating and was more than happy to let us order off of the happy hour menu even a little after it was over. Now, the small trick to knowing if their service is "on point" is if they refill your water when it is empty without having to call for me to refill it. They most certainly refilled my water every time I took a sip out of glass of water, and refilled my glass every time I took my shot of lychee sake. Not only that, the Chef even came out to introduce himself, and offer a couple of complementary chef plates. It was DIVINE! I love their service here, and I can definitely see why they merit 5 stars.Here are my faves:HYDRO BIB BLACK COD - served in a leaf of lettuce (like a lettuce wrap). That nice butter texture with a slight smoke to it. So good I could even do without the lettuce.STUFFED MUSHROOM - as any stuffed mushroom is. DIVINE! **FISH TOSTADAS - truly one of a kind and really the reason to come eat here. You'd want to buy 2 of each tostada during Happy Hour FOR SURE. It's fresh, and their tostada tastes like sweet panko crackers. Yum!**UNI FROM THREE SEAS (thank you chef!) - AMAZING. Thank God this Uni was what I experienced my first Uni moment with. It comes from three seas. Santa Barbara, Catalina, and (if I am correct) Hokkaido, Japan. You start from SB and work your way towards Hokkaido (yes a journey right in front of your eyes). For a first time UNI-eater, I truly love the sweet taste to it.After 1 soho maki, 8 fish tostadas, 1 fire cracker roll, 1 stuffed mushroom, 2 hyrdos, a sake and a creme brulee, my tab came out to around $50 for 2 people during happy hour. I'm pleased.I love you servers and I love you Chef. You've got yourself a new fan!
5	Quality food!!! I relied on owners' recommendations with satisfying taste. I got my favorite 16 oz Asahi Dry with these tasty foods, and guess what?!  Oh...Oh...so good~ Have fun there!!! Best Japanese food not necessary comes only from Japanese.
5	Absolutely amazing sushi!!! I've been eating sushi for aboit 10 years, this place has the tastyest Baked Mussles, love the ginger which is fairly mild but with a perfect aftertaste that does not overpower and of course the ocean trout sashimi is absolutely to die for, best sashimi I've ever had!!!
2	The place is okay, I don't know why it has 5 stars. Chicken Katsu was alright, but it was served with Teriyaki sauce, which the sauce was really tangy. Miso soup was salty. California roll was the same as anywhere else.Philadelphia roll was good, but the tuna was a bit too sweet.Almost forgot... When we first walked in the staff saw us and completely avoided us & about 2 mins later they walked over and greeted us as if we just walked in.Also, they forgot the wasabi and ginger when they brought our sushi out.
5	I don't think I've ever seen a restaurant with 5 stars and this many reviews before. Thank you Soho for a great dining experience! I love that their menu is simple and to the point. They don't try to overdo it witb too many items but they definitely focus more on sushibar items which is a plus for sushi lovers like me! The fish was so fresh, their sauce combinations were on par, and service was awesome as well.The yellowtail yuzu appetizer was as good as everyone else claimed. The shortribs melted off the bone. Out of the tostadas I tried, the salmon was my favorite. The twin dragon roll was amazing too. (They use real Alaskan King Crab). Inexpensice, fresh and to the point!
5	Love the menu, decor, service, food, and drinks. Compliments of the chef was a trout dish topped with pop rocks, such a fun combination, and delicious. Twin dragon specialty roll was also delicious, as was the lychee sake. Angelica made our first time incredible. I love when servers are engaging and describe each dish they place on the table. Thank you!
5	After finding this place on yelp and saw the 5 star rating I thought I had to try it, I can now see why it has this rating. This is one of the best Asian meals of my life, no wait, one of the best meals I've probably ever had! No joke every dish is like a party in my mouth and the quality is really high and I'm a really picky eater. I'm not a big sashimi fan but I've been converted after the chef sent us one of his melt in your mouth signature sashimi dish. We ordered 4 types of tostadas, 3 types of sushi, jalapeno poppers and the baked mussels. My husband loved the sauce the mussels came with he started dipping everything in it, everything was delicious I have no complaints whatsoever. Service was great everyone was so friendly and topped up. My water constantly and removed empty dishes quickly to make room for more. We also had their famous green tea tiramisu which was to die for. We came during happy hour so our entire bill came to be just $37! I don't like vegas but I'd come back just for this place!
5	This is the first time Ive seen a 5 star rating and it lived up to it. Amazing quality and freshness. Job well done. dont fix it if it aint broke.
5	By far, one of the best sushi restaurants I've been to in my life, which is almost surprising to me as it is no where close to the ocean. The food, decor, and the people make this restaurant very deserving of 5 perfect stars. I ordered the soft shell crab roll, but the chef complimentary upgraded it to the spicy version. AMAZING. ... BUT THE TOSTADA CHIPS. I literally craved it for days after having it. I only had the ahi tuna but I could have had about twenty of those things and it be the only thing I had all day, and I would be completely happy. SO. GOOD.  It's a little far from the strip, but honestly so worth the visit.
5	I love eclectic Japanese food and creative rolls. And I absolutely love this restaurant! I don't know what else to say, just come eat and you will understand the 5 stars on almost every review.
5	Soho had a lot of high expectations to meet after reading all the fantastic reviews.  They meet and exceeded in every way.  Friendly staff who know the menu inside and out and is ready to discuss your preferences and make great recommendations.  The food is the absolute freshest we've experienced and prepared in so many unique ways that we'll have to return many times to experience them all.  Don't hesitate to visit the best sushi in Las vegas.
4	shushi is damn good! Had a good time.
2	Service was good. Food was anything but spectacular. A pricey menu that didn't live up to the high expectations. The place is clean but location is not classy as it is still next to a gasoline station. I do not recommend this place.
4	I love japanese food. Their food is like their technology, Perfect :)
5	Great food, great service!  If you do not like raw fish, you might want to go somewhere else.  This has got to be some of the freshest fish I have ever tasted.  Everything was so good.  We ordered a sashimi special and it was amazing.  The owner came over and asked how everything was and then offered a sample of a dish he recommended.  I can't remember what it was, but it was delicious as well.  Although it wasn't on the menu, I ordered an eel roll.  If you don't see something on the menu, just ask, they may have it!  The eel was so awesome!  Usually when I order eel, it is tough and has tiny little bones.  Well, this eel practically melted in my mouth, no joke!  I summoned the owner over and he asked how everything was and I asked him how his eel was so good, while others were not.  Apparently they only use a certain part of the eel if I remember correctly.  A tad pricey, but this is not your standard cheap sushi, IMO. If you want quality you can taste, come here!
5	This is the best sushi place in Vegas! Service was fantastic, fish was fresh, sake was tasty and overall it was a fun experience.
5	Great quality with great price.  Their dishes are more fusion Japanese than traditional, but I enjoyed it.  Sashimi grades are excellent.  Server did excellent job too.
5	Hands down, the best sushi I have had in Vegas. Extremely creative offerings coupled with a pleasant, open space and great service. I especially loved the Ocean Trout (Steelhead) Sashimi with pop rocks. We ordered it for the novelty of the menu description, but it was the stand out of our meal. Everything was wonderful. Chef Lee (formally of Social House) came by our table and spent some time with us, inquiring about our impressions of his restaurant and our preferences. He challenged us on Uni, probably the one sushi/sashimi component that I generally do not like. He generously introduced us to the EXTREMELY fresh Santa Catalina and other Uni that he selects. I have to say that even though I am not a Uni fan, I now think my hesitancy on Uni has been the fact that it is rarely presented as fresh and clean as what Soho offers. We explored the rest of this eclectic menu and every selection was outstanding. We finished up on a short ribs dish that put us over the top. Every minute of our meal was a favor fest. We can hardly wait until our next trip to Vegas to return to Soho.
5	Although I didn't have the chance to sample many different dishes here, the ones I tried were delicious and interesting. I ordered two sashimi dishes: the yellowtail yuzu soy and the salmon creme. I love citrus so when I saw the word "yuzu" I knew I had to try them, and I was not disappointed! Both dishes were amazing because the freshness and cut of the fish were of exceptional quality. For sashimi like this, it was reasonably priced as well. Along with this, I pretty much mooched off of my other 2 family members who ordered a sashimi and nigiri lunch setto. These came with a bowl of rice, salad, miso soup, and pickled cucumbers. They both agreed that the fish was fresh and the sides were great. We ordered a twin dragon roll as well, and though it was good, it didn't really blow me away compared to other "special" sushi rolls I've tried in the past. This was lunch time, but I know the dinner menu has even more to offer so I'd like to go back for dinner some time. Overall, great quality fish and service.
5	Breaking off from the AYCE adventures... This place has incredible ratings and reviews. So. DUH I'm gonna try it.Golden Ocean Trout, which is made with POP ROCKS on it. AMAZING!!!Shrimp, Octopus, and Tuna Tostadas. Sooooo good. All of their tostadas are made differently. Extra variety!Baked Mussels, not the best overall taste I've had, but the mussels themselves were fantastic.Octopus Nigiri and Spicy Scallop Handroll were delicious. The Firecracker Roll was good. However my most favorite... Was that damn Crispy Tuna Roll. Holy crap.Cucumber Salad, Miso, and Toban Seafood Soup were nice little side dishes. The chef also provides a free sashimi dish... You'll just have to find out what ;)But.To top it off? Dessert.Green Tea Tiramisu. And Green Tea CREME.BRULEE. Jesus.No really. Just Jesus.The service was awesome. Very nice waitresses and waiters. Didn't get personal with the chefs despite sitting at the bar, but the atmosphere is super friendly.Verdict? YE!!!!!!!!Coming again, soon.
5	Awesome place. Chief is very nice. Food is so good. chief let me try one of their most delicious food there for free.
5	My husband and I was thinking the same thing everyone reads on here how can this sushi restaurant have 5 stars? We were so curious, we needed to try it, We also thought its almost 7 pm and this is a 5 star restaurant then there is going to be a wait. We got there and parked and there was no line outside.  I told my husband it must be closed.  Nope it was open- of course it would be its Saturday! There were a few tables opened and we got seated right away! Charles was our server! He was great explaining the menu and making his recommendations.  He was right, everything on the menu is good! This is our new favorite place! Fish is fresh- its so fresh it just melts in your mouth! You forget what fresh fish tastes like when you eat at AYCE restaurants! No more AYCE for us! Salmon Wasabi Creme-hmm! So good! My favorite! Salmon is cut sashimi style, the roe gives it a salty taste, the creme gives a creamy taste! I'm addicted! Tadas- only $2 each! We enjoyed the octopus, hamachi and tuna.  All 3 were mixed with their sauce and placed on a wonton wrapper.  Good portion considering it was $2 each! Bone in Short Rib- if you are looking for a heavy dish then this was a good one to enjoy. The runner was right when she delivered the food as I was eating with my chopstick, do you need a fork and knife?, I said hmm. Then she said it falls right off when you eat it with your chopstick.  She was right no knife needed. It was so soft! The crispy onions made it more flavorfulWhole Aji- like sashimi style raw fish? This is a winner! I don't normally eat aji but I will here! It was another one of my favorite (surprisingly).  I don't even eat this at other sushi restaurants, but here, hmm, SO GOOD! Triple uni- it was a special on the board! I don't eat this but I will tell you what he said best uni ever! Be prepares there is no rice! There is so much more we need to try! We are so happy we found this place! This is hands down one of the best on the southwest side! We are definitely coming back! Thank you everyone for helping us find a good restaurant to celebrate my husbands birthday! Everyone's review was spot on!
5	LAS VEGAS: Prepare to be treated like royalty when you come into this excellent sushi spot; the most yelped about in Las Vegas.  I read about it and came in, and was surprised to be treated non-pretentiously, comfortably, and with a very welcoming vibe.  The servers were having fun being here and were super nice to everyone.  Like I was stepping into the Cheers bar.  Thanks guys!Yellowtail Yozu Soy (4stars/$12) Beautiful and delicious, mild soy and citrus with a spicy kick.Cajun Albacore Sashimi (5 star/$5 HH menu): This beautiful dish packs a punch! Smooth fish with healthy spice, delicious sauce.Tostadas ($4 for 4):The Tuna tostada is 5 stars.  The other three (Tako, Salmon, Hamachi) are 3-4 stars each.Hydro Bibb Black Cod (5 stars/$4 HH):  Awesome!  Warm marinated cod on crisp green lettuce.  A little tempura topping for additional texture.  Buy this.Green Tea Tiramisu (4 stars/$7): Really smooth, really creamy, moist, firm cake.  Very light flavor.
5	When I looked this restaurant up on Yelp, I could not BELIEVE its reviews. At the time it had 5 stars and over 300 reviews. I don't think I've ever seen a rating this good. With my adoration for sushi and impending trip to Vegas, I was dead-set on visiting Soho and thank god I did.The restaurant was in a strip mall and the decor was fine... it looked like about 30 other sushi restaurants I've been to. I've learned that great things in humble packaging, but I was a bit underwhelmed at first. Silly me! As soon as we sat down, we were treated like absolute royalty. Not only was our waitress very helpful and nice, she was also relaxed and casual with us in a way that my boyfriend and I always really appreciate. We love to crack jokes while interacting with wait staff, and this girl was on top of it, joking right along with us! She was excellent. She then proceeded to give us the BEST recommendations for our meal. Everything we ordered was SO FRESH and just bursting with flavor. No fishy smell or after taste... this fish was fresher than fish I've eaten on both coasts. After we were done, we were so impressed that we ordered another round! I wish that I could recall exactly what we had ordered, but that's kind of irrelevant to my review because literally everything we tried was amazing. I feel like you seriously can't go wrong at this place unless you have a food allergy and purposefully order something that will make you swell up and die. So don't do that.Dessert was excellent. We had the green tea tiramisu. I feel like if I gush anymore, this review might not sound legitimate, so I'll just leave it at that.The real clincher was when our check was brought, the waitress brought us out an adorable little sushi keychain and a pen that looked like chopsticks holding a little rubber piece of sushi. I was in love. I wanted to wrap this restaurant up in my arms and fly it back to Colorado with me.If you're a sushi fan in Vegas, do NOT miss the opportunity to visit this place. Don't let the fact that it's a tiny cab ride away from the strip keep you away, either... the prices and quality of your meal will more than make up for that $20 cab ride.
4	Another great off strip sushi place. Has incredible yelp reviews. The food is very good - and the prices are reasonable. It does not compare to NOBU and a couple of other high end sushi places - but it's a great meal for a great price. It's in a strip mall and seems to be busy all the time.
5	When I came here I want much of a sushi fan.  Still a beginner ordering phili rolls.  Came out with a customer and boy oh boy was my mind made up.  We tried just about everything on the menu and everything that everyone suggested.  You really can't go wrong with anything.  Even things I would never eat, I tried and LOVED.  3 days later, I'm still craving more as well as ranting and raving to friends. After ordering about 20 rolls for the handful of us, we proceeded on to the dessert which we had no room for but I sure am happy I took advantage of this experience.  Beyond amazing and I suggest everyone go.  Not only is the food great, but service was outstanding as well.
5	Love it! we had a wonderful meal ! We finished it up with Ice cream! Yum :-) now I'm happy to drive back to LA!
5	It's pretty rare I get excited about food. I'll eat it, I'll assess it, I'll write a Yelp review. But rare that I get an emotional reaction from it. This Saturday that all changed!My girlfriends and I went here - one of whom had already been and was talking it up; she was right because It did NOT disappoint!I was revealed that the atmosphere was chill, laid back, friendly, and welcoming. Not like the stuffy sushi places closer to the strip. Our server, Charles, was friendly, funny , and prompt with our orders. There was a lot of confusion and talk about what to order. He quickly stepped in and made the suggestion that the chef could present some cold and warm dishes at his recommendation until we were full. Sold!!!Since I can't find the menu online, I'm going to recall the dishes as best I can:Yellowtail Yuzu Soy - Texture like butter. So fresh, you wouldn't think it was fish. Love the tempura jalapeno on top. Gyoza - I HAVE to get gyoza at sushi time. Love this gyoza. Beef was fresh and moist. Not dried out and greasy. Very well done! Mussels: I can't believe more people that wrote reviews didn't try this dish. Don't be afraid people!!!! These were incredibleLive soft shell crab - not actually live, but very very fresh. Crab was fried served over a bed of fancy salad ("fancy" meaning it wasn't just crappy iceberg lettuce). The sauce that came on the dish with this was incredible. Spicy but not too spicy. This one had a perfectly balanced textures and flavors. Salmon Sashimi - It had pop rocks on it!!!!! So weird, but really amazing. I wish I could remember everything we ate. The servers were great. They kept checking on our appetite level. He wasn't pushy about desert or drinks, which was nice. The price for all of us was incredibly reasonable considering the quality of the food. We walked away paying about $45/person. I consider that a steal for this place.I had such a great experience here. I have been blabbing about it to everyone. I CANNOT wait to come back and try some new things.
5	Being that Chef is from famed Social House sushi on The Strip and opened up his own joint, you can expect the same quality and tastes as Social House.The staff is friendly, great, funny, and fast. Been here numerous times, including the 1st week that they opened, and I wholeheartedly agree with all 300+ reviews leading up to its almost 5 star rating on Yelp.Beef tataki, Cajun albacore, 3 kinds of tostadas (poke, salmon, tako(octopus)), firecracker roll, Hamamoto oysters, jalapeno poppers, various specialty rolls, along with nigiri and sashimi.Unlike my average sushi spot, they are not AYCE. BUT, they do have Happy hour during 3-6pm. Prices aren't Strip prices, pretty reasonable for the quality of food you get. They have numerous wines, sakes, and Japanese beers to boot. Also, on happy hour =)Chef John is so gracious and greets or talks to all guests. It fees like your local home sushi spot -- imagine like Cheers, the show -- but, for sushi; much better than liquor...welp, close second.
5	This place absolutely lives up to its stars! Amazing food, amazing service, and adorable pens shaped like chopsticks holding nigiri :P The special with sea bass and truffle salt was my favorite, but the trout with pop rocks and the tadas were amazing too. Everything we has was fresh and delicious. But whatever you do, don't ask for Louis... He's mine!
4	The raving 5 star reviews baffle me. I live in the area, Kobe and oyshi down the street are similar. The food and service are good, I'd go go back.  The restaurant decor is very simple. Its really good, nothing bad to say, but definitely not super impressive.
5	This place was so clean and felt really open when you walk in. Right when I walked in the staff was so warm and welcoming. Great service and our server came by frequently.  Oh and the food was excellent.  Great lunch specials at reasonable prices!!
5	UPDATE!!! See my last review and add the following. Disclaimer I was drinking and using my phone when I wrote the next paragraph.Brah so good.i.gotta rite.one up date review wen get.happy.hour wit punctuation and grammar.mistakes galore. so! come.hea happy hour.can.eat choke food an drink.crazy cheap. happy hour.4pm to 6 pm Monday through Friday. 5 star! da tostadas buck a piece get one hamachi one, one ahi one, and 2 ada ones.dat was.so good.dat my brain hurt.and.my.belly.smiling if get one mouth.da sashimi brah! cajun albacore sashimi, see bass sashimi, salmon.sashimi ho brah broke da mout. da salmon sashimi had get rock.candy or something on top wen crackle wen i put um.on.my mouth. da bacon wrap.sausage get.3 pieces of sausage link.wrapped.in bacon. is bacon.gotta be good huh?  He go.is bacon and sausage link.^Yea I'm not doing that again haha. Anyways HH is awesome. One of my favorite HH places. Cheap drinks. Those large bottles of Asahi beer are just $3. Hot or Cold sake are just $3, you can get about 8 shots out of each order. Lychee or white peach cold sake are $4. And as I mentioned earlier 4 different tostadas each for $1. The food served HH or not, really are amazing. The chef will occasionally thow in something free and just because HH ends at 6pm it doesnt mean theyll cut you off at 6pm but theyll eventual cut you off. Don't forget to put in an order for those ribs yum.
5	Amazing! ! Deserves every star! The food is truly delicious. Every single recommendation was fabulous.
5	The best sushi I've had in my entire life. Their spicy soft shell crab is the best roll they have there. It deserves every star possible. I recommend this restaurant. They also have a killer sashimi salad which is a must-have. Oh my god I almost forgot their green tea tiramisu. Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!! The best tiramisu ever! You gotta try it, it has a soft cream on top with green tea flavoring and candy tiramisu. The service was also awesome. The waiters and waitreses were so kind. They always checked to see how we were doing. Every dish was introduced before it was served.
5	The food and quality of the fish is outstanding...I have eaten there a dozen times and never had a bad dish....only negative marks are for the terrible decor...it's borderline unpleasant sitting there at times.
4	How does some place like this have a 5 star AVERAGE? I came in thinking that it definitely inflated as there isn't really anything else like in in the area. I left feeling pleasant after a good meal so while it may be inflated, I am a believer that the food is good.We were in the neighborhood and decided to come by for lunch. The fiance and I share a few plates - Beef teriyaki set lunch - I like that they use sliced steak for this and not thin shaved meat. It's much better quality than most offer. It comes with a mix green salad (not just iceburg), miso, pickled cucumbers and rice which were standard, but solid. Spicy tuna roll - just wanted something simple and this filled the request. It was cut and made well. Soho -tadas get a lot of buzz so we both got a yellowtail one. This was yummy, I enjoyed the avocado cream on it. Compliments of the chef we got yellowtail yuzu which was great quality fish and I enjoyed the texture of the fried jalapenos and use of coarse finishing salt on it. So based on the food, they are an above average Japanese food spot, but what really stood out for me was the service! Our drinks were topped off in such a intuitively quick manner which was appreciated on this hot summer afternoon. Both guys checking on our table were friendly to boot and was personable cracking jokes with us. The chef/owner came out to check on everyone which I always feel is a nice touch  and he seemed genuinely humble. On a second visit it was raining and our server (guy with longish hair and glasses) took his apron off and covered customers and walked them to their car. That is a absolute gentleman going above and I really respect that. I am enamored with the friendly staff and enjoyed my lunch both occassions that I most definitely will be back when I'm in the area to see more of what this place has to offer.
5	Great experience at this spot. I happen to go during Happy hour and really enjoyed all the food I ordered. Food is fresh and the service was great.
5	With all the 5 star buzz, we just had to check this place out. Thusly, we found out the secret is the chef used to work for Nobu and now serving up the quality at his own restaurant now. Just like Nobu at a fraction of the cost, yet still incredibly delicious with fantastic service to boot~  Let them know you're a yelper and the red carpet is rolled out. That's right folks, the power of yelp has definitely arrived~
5	My daughter treated me to this wonderful gem for my birthday last Tuesday! She is a YELPER extraordinaire and a FOODIE so I always trust her to deliver and boy did she, because I am pretty squeamish about eating anything raw. The presentation and service was lovely, and they treated us extra special for the occasion. Sorry no photos as we were so in the moment of enjoying the meal.
4	Love the lunch specials.  The fish is very fresh for Vegas!  The chef/owner is cool and does a great job getting you in and out in a hurry if need be.  Would be five stars but the decor is exactly the same as the previous joint...
5	I don't normally post reviews but they deserve it!! Incredible food everything we had was great.  We were in vegas for 5 days and this was the best food we had on the entire trip.  The service was awesome too.  I can't wait to return and eat here again.
5	Absolutely fantastic. We eat all over Vegas this is bar none the best Japanese restaurant we have visited. We shared 6 dishes everyone off them was delicious. Ask for the house made hot sauce out had habanero chili's.
3	4 stars for the food but deduct 1 star for interior decor. I was hoping for a intimate setting.  Their oysters are excellent.  Fish was fresh but didn't wow me.  Shrimp tempura roll was BAD.  All I tasted was rice & avocado.  Most likely won't go back again since taxi ride from hotel was another $60 R/T.
5	Excellent sushi for a great deal. You can get omakase for any price. My friends and I chose to get $40 omakase and wow we probably got $80 worth. Each of our 8 dishes had at least 6-8 pieces of sashimi. I normally don't get full off sushi, but I did at this place. Everything is fresh, never frozen which was awesome! I definitely recommend this place.Two favorite dishes were the trout and wasabi salmon. Service was spot on too.
5	This is my first attempt at writing a yelp review so please bear with me! I don't have an explanation as to why I haven't been to SoHo sooner, being that I only live about 10 minutes away and have had multiple friends say with conviction that they won't hang out with me until I do. I'm also a huge sushi/sashimi/Japanese cuisine fanatic so I'm almost glad there was an hour and a half wait at Goyemon (my go-to AYCE sushi restaurant), which factored in my decision to try out SoHo instead. When we arrived on a Saturday evening around 6:30PM, they told us the wait would be about 45 minutes but 30 minutes later, we were able to sit at the sushi bar, which is where I prefer to sit anyway. So, "Yay!" for the actual wait time being shorter than the anticipated wait time. When you first pull up to SoHo, hidden by a gas station, you might think that you're just pulling up to an average sushi joint but they prove that looks can be deceiving. The venue isn't too large, but I think that's a positive for local, off-the-strip sushi restaurants. So don't judge this book by its cover!After being seated at the bar, we were greeted by a very enthusiastic, outgoing server. After telling him my drink of choice is either good beer or whiskey, he recommended a light, sparkling cold sake. I was surprisingly happy with this suggestion since it wasn't too sweet and was very, VERY easy-drinking. Chef John, the executive chef and owner was behind the bar and that was a huge plus. You can tell he truly cares about his restaurant and his passion for this Japanese artwork is present throughout your dining experience. I heard that he used to be the Executive Chef of Social House at Crystals so I'm guessing that may have inspired the name, "SoHo". I could be wrong though so feel free to tell me if I am. If you're looking for AYCE, this isn't your spot, but worth the extra bucks for a la carte sushi. SoHo features fresh specialty fish like Striped jack with a mild flavor, but firmer, amazing texture, similar to amberjack or yellowtail. And they had the freshest uni I've seen in Vegas. I've tried uni (Sea Urchin) before and wasn't very fond but I'm assuming that's because I've never had properly prepared/fresh uni. When I had it at SoHo, I found a new must-have! If the uni looks like a firm tongue, that's when you know you've gotta try it! When you bite into it, it reminds me of biting into raw liver, as far as texture goes. Maybe, it's a "Hawaii" thing, but I LOVED it. Chef John also brought out the exceptional Hokkaido uni straight from Japan. It was life-changing and the presentation was strip-worthy. It made me kind of wish I was on a date rather than a friendly lunch with a girlfriend (Sorry Tiff :P). We also tried their Kumamoto oysters - real Kumamoto oysters. The shells were about the size of a dollar coin (random, but the only thing I could compare the size to) and were pretty deep with a nice, plump oyster. The texture was perfect and partnered with their light house-made mignonette, forcing the sweet flavor of the oyster to come out and say, "Hi!". Other must-haves are the yellowtail yuzu soy (I'm a yuzu-whore) and the truffle white fish (I'm also a truffle-whore). In total, our bill was about $100 for the two of us, which is awesome! They also included a complimentary little green tea latte hard candy for each of us, which is always a nice gesture, especially for whoo-girls or yay-girls (if you have one of these as your girlfriend, you know what I'm talking about). Stay classy Las Vegas & thanks for stopping by.
5	I'M GOING TO WRITE THIS IN ALL CAPS BECAUSE THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST SUSHI RESTAURANTS I'VE VISITED. I REALLY WISH THEY HAD A SPOT IN LOS ANGELES BC THEN IT WOULD BE MY GO TO FOR SUSHI. Okay, let me start by saying not only is the food awesome but so are the employees. They check up on you, chit chat with you, giving some info of the fish, their fave on the menu, etc.. Much love, so I love it!Now their food.... So damn good and so freakin fresh that Whole Foods can't even touch it! And the creativity of Chef John's dishes is a delight that it makes you want to try everything on the menu! Go. Stop reading and go!My faves: yellowtail sashimi (so good we ordered it twice).
4	I was so excited to try Soho but like all things approached with high expectations, there is room for let downs.  First let me say that I enjoyed everything - from the comfy chairs to the friendly service to the quality of food.  It's great all around.  The kitchen is even willing to cater to your specific needs, even if it is off menu.  I love this kind of accommodation.  As for the food, there were some hits and misses.  Sorry I forgot to take a photo of my chicken katsu lunch seto box and shrimp tempura, but these were the items I was quite disappointed with.  The breading on the tempura wasn't great, as well as the chicken katsu.  It was dry and the coating didn't stick very well.  The miso soup had great flavor but was extremely salty (and I have a salty palette).  The exceptional items were the green tea tiramisu (although I wish it was served more chilled) and the sushi which had good quality fish and great ratio of fish to the rice.  The Cajun albacore sashimi was also of good quality, but the sauce I didn't enjoy very much.  I think it would appeal to folks who love fusion ingredients and sauces in their sushi.  I prefer more traditional flavors.  If you love fusion sushi, you will adore this place.  And if you are more of a sushi conservative, I'm pretty sure you can still get what you want if you ask them to make it.
5	If you value quality sushi.  If you have ever had sushi in Tokyo.  Go to Soho.
5	Honestly, I never write reviews esp when I am on vacation cause I'mAfraid that the restaurant is a one trick pony but I reassure you that this is the most amazing restaurant I had the pleasure of dining at! The food was amazing but what really made the experience amazing is the service! From the moment we stepped in the door to the moment we left it was the most welcoming experience! Words cannot express what an great experience! So much so we tried to go back during our 4 day vacation! Must go! Happy hour is a STEAL!
5	Its as good if not better than what every one says it is, We will definitely be back when in the area.
5	Best sushi in Vegas.  5/5.  I could just end there, but they were so good, I have to write more.   One drawback, no reservations.  Wait was over an hr on a Monday night.  But well worth it.  Staff is just absolutely wonderful.  Food is like I said the best.  Due to the wait we were showered within gifts from the chef. Awesome.  Just fantastic.
5	this hands down one of the best sushi places in vegas, I highly recommend the twin dragon roll.
5	They don't have noodles or rice, but they have awesome sashimi and sushi! We tried the scallop, salmon and sea urchin sashimi, all of them were fresh and good. I would definitely recommend the baked mussels. The seasoning is incredible, my personal favorite.
4	Is there anything that I don't like about this place great food, great service, happy hour so far everything I ordered I liked. Ahi Tuna Tostada, Spicy Tuna Crispy Rice, Soho Maki, Stuffed Mushrooms, Cajun Albacore Sashimi, Salsa Hamachi, Yellowtail Sashimi, Seared Albacore, Beef Tataki, Tuna Poke, oh and the Miso Black Cod is amazing!!! The decor can use some help but it's not horrible. I guess living in vegas you get spoiled!!
5	Came in based on all the positive reviews and we weren't disappointed.  Great food, well priced and excellent customer service from the entire staff. We ate only sushi and all of the fish was fresh with great flavor. I joked about driving back to Vegas just for lunch here.
5	..
2	Don't believe the hype!  I had a business lunch here and  was not that impressed.  Usually when I have a free meal, it makes everything taste better...until now.  Yu- Yu, barMASA, and the in-room menu at Nobu Hotel have superior sushi!
5	Best HH spot for sushi. The $1 sushi tostadas-octopus, yellowtail, tuna poke, and salmon are a steal! Also, love the fried baby octopus with what tasted like a curry aioli (guessing the dip). The miso black cod in lettuce wraps were good but it was a tease with the small piece of fish. All compliment well with the $3 Asahi draft beer.Being the fat asses we are when it comes to sushi, we had ordered the non HH items too - ivory salmon, yellowtail yuzu, scallop sashimi, and uni duo which comes with two different types of uni. The sashimi didn't disappoint! The Santa Barbara uni is incredible! The best I've had so far in Vegas. The Catalina uni was OK but that's just a matter of personal preference. Pretty much all of the dishes I've had there were excellent and fresh.The servers there are also nice and welcoming which makes this place rock even more!
5	I arrived during happy hour on Saturday. My husband and I were greeted immediately and were seated in under 2 minutes. Sheila was friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu items. We ordered 1 of each tostada offered( salmon, tuna, tako, hamachi) ,baked mussels, salmon avocado roll, spicy tuna, and firecracker roll with hot sake all off the happy hour menu. Everything was great. The baked mussels were exceptional. During our time there Sheila and 2 other employees whose names I did not get were all very attentive and genuinely friendly. I felt they were sincere and unlike many other restaurants there seemed to be no issue regarding whose table it was. We ordered more. Another baked mussels (only$5 for 5), ika geso ( calamari with dipping sauce) . Sheila checked back just before happy hour ended to see if we wanted to get any other orders in under happy hour pricing. We were happily stuffed and passed. All this with 1 ashahi draft and 2 sakis was only $40 pretax. It was a great meal at a great price with friendly not fake service in a casual but appealing environment. We will be back.
5	I love this place! They're yellowtail capriccio is to die for. They're sushi is also very fresh and not fishy at all. We also tried they're roast they had and it was great. The chef even comes out and talks to the customer and asks what we loved. At the end ofThe dinner the chef himself made us a sashimi platter of yellowtail! Totally recommend this Japanese restaurant.
5	After at least 5 visits in as many months, I decided now was the time to write an updated review.  The good news, is that this place is still deserving of a +++ 5 star rating.a.  You have to really enjoy real Japanese food, seafood, and the infusion of subtle flavors in order to really reap the full benefits of this restaurant.  b. The only other restaurant now that I would say is close to this would be Yonaka over on the west side.c.  Here is what I have found to be extremely consistent:- Value - The place is an amazing value for the quality of food and the uniqueness as well!  Previous to Soho and Yonaka, I would get my fill of really unique Japanese from Nobu. I would easily pay 150.00 plus per person and while having a very good meal, I would feel like I did not get any great value.  Here at Yonaka, the value is amazing. From Uni to Hamachi Kama to Hydro Bibb, the prices, value and the quality of food is spectacular!.  You can pay for four people about 150.00 including tip if there is no alcohol or dessert.- Chef - Chef John Chien is absolutely creative, welcoming and passionate about his craft. He is extremely consistent, very adventurous and is involved in all aspects of his restaurant.  He will wave at you and make you feel at home. Who doesn't love going home.  There is no place like home!- Food - Everyone has already posted all the different menu items, the choices, menu and etc.  All I can add is that I am always excited to come here.  I am looking forward to ordering the same things, new things and what is on special.  The same things seem to always be unique and better tasting than the last time.  The new things are always such a wonderful delight and the specials are always so darn creative.d.  Groundhog Day - Do you remember this Bill Murray movie where he lives the same day over and over again?  My favorite quote from this movie is "I was in the Virgin Islands once. I met a girl. We ate lobster, drank pina coladas. At sunset, we made love like sea otters. That was a pretty good day. Why couldn't I get that day over and over and over."  If I had to live a day over, it would be dining at Soho every day.  It just gets better and better.e. Quick hints - Always busy, off hours are going to be best, but still busy. GK says, go for it.
4	It's good but not five stars and not quite as inexpensive as most people imply.Really good things on the happy hour menu were the tosdadas, black cod, and albacore sashimi.  The mussels and sausage wrapped in bacon would be a pass if I ate there again.  Also I would pass on the yellowail yuzo soy if I went back.  The one roll I had was good but can't remember the name and there is no good online menu.  Even with ordering mostly happy hour food it was about 75 dollars for two with no alcohol so not exactly cheap.
4	Nearly perfection in this awesome off-strip sushi house. Trust me when I say you will love it. An off shoot of the original Social House rumor has it...do not miss.
5	If I could give this spot 6 stars I would!Great specials and awesome service!Take the trip off the strip for sure!
5	I went to soho to try out their lunch special that include sushi..It was the best deal ever!!!..It is a Japanese Vento box style!! I chose Sashimi Lunch Seto that came with bowl of rice, Soho house special salad,  miso soup, and the 7pc assorted sashimi are 2pc Salmon,  2pc yellow tail, Japanese snapper ,  and 2 pc big eye tuna..All that food for only $ 8.50..That is Kick Ass...The food are delicious and the sashimi are in big chunk what are fresh and very flavorful. ..Yum yum yum..my tummy is happy and my craving for sushi at lunch is satisfied. ..definitely come back more often for this lunch special!!!..
3	I kind of have mixed feelings about the restaurant. We live in the neighborhood. One time we stopped by with my boyfriend during the happy hour. The place seemed busy. We waited for about 10 minutes to ask how long the wait was. I tried to get the employees' attention with no results, so we left.Next time, I stopped by myself during the lunch. I was seated quickly at the bar and ordered grilled salmon bento box. The chef and the waitress were very nice but the meal was taking really long. I ordered one order of uni in the mean time. The check didn't have charge for uni so I gave my card to the waitress and reminded her about it. She charged me $16 for uni which I thought was a little expensive. My bento box lunch and one order of uni costed me over $30 with a tip. Later I figured out the waitress charged me for 2 orders of uni. After all I think the food is good but the service could be improved. We will be back for dinner to see if my experience was random.
5	Amazingly friendly place with excellent California fusion / sushi bar. We came in happy hour 4-6pm. Great prices and great food. Skip the buffet and come here instead. You won't be disappointed.
4	Do yourself a favor, don't bother with the sushi rolls.  They are pretty bland and are not very interesting.  The Firecracker roll was surprisingly bland given its jalapeno content and the other couple rolls we tried were just meh and we get way better sushi rolls at our regular place.  For that reason, this restaurant does not deserve to be the #1 restaurant on Yelp.  Everything else - WOW!  The quality and cuts of fish are excellent - you cannot go wrong with the sashimi.  The tostadas are a good little value at only $1 each during Happy Hour - the Salmon and Hamachi are the best ones and they taste awesome!  The mussels were very good and used uzo so they had a great citrus punch.  Don't skip dessert - we loved the matcha tiramasu because it was the perfect little size after we stuffed ourselves with sushi.Even during Happy Hour, you will end up spending quite a bit of money.  The service also was only 3/5 on the night we went but they were quite busy and the people were pleasant just scattered about and not that attentive.  I enjoyed eating here but it did not blow my mind like Kabuto and it is also not as convenient and cheap as my regular place down the street from me.  Maybe if they rotate the selections on their Happy Hour menu I would go back, but probably not for any other reason.  We spent $60 per person and for a little more money I can go to Kabuto.
4	I have to agree with the other reviews and say, great place for a fusion take on sushi, but def not as cheap as you'd think. For instance, the HH menu seems reasonable bc everything is 3-6$, but for what you get, a bit pricey. I.e., -Sashimi tostadas are a dollar, each. the hamachi salsa verde tostada was delightful, interesting flavors, freshness of fish was average. - Black cod lettuce cups are 4, for two cups, which are basically a bite each with a piece of cod the size of an eraser.  I'm used to tender, buttery whitefish at home (chiliean sea bass, cod, etc), so I wasn't super impressed. Tasted for the most part-- salty. I'd def go for the cold sashimi plates, the waitress said it was their specialty.  The cajun albacore was fresh and tasty, not super pricey, but not a great value either $12. (see pic) ** I have yet to try the typical sashimi fishes, so I can't comment on the freshness of fish** Can't vouch for any rolls except their spicy tuna roll ($4), and was pretty disappointed, flavorless and super mushy.  Uni was tasty. not super well versed, but it was 12$ for 4 pieces of the Santa Barbara Uni Sashimi. (cheapest type)The service was super, you could ask anything there to help you out, and they were laid back and not in your face.  Overall, interesting flavors, not a super great value, decently fresh fish, but perhaps not for the sushi purist.
5	Awesome Japanese food. Great happy hour. Must try the firecracker roll.
5	Amazing happy hour, great food, and great service. We had the pleasure of having another cool islander from Hawaii serve us. Will definitely be back when I return to Vegas.
5	Love, love, love this place! Service was on point & food was delicious! Everything was fresh & light yet full of flavor. Must try the Matcha Tiramisu! So good! Will be back again & again!
5	Having heard so many of my friends raving about this place, I had to check our Soho for myself. I was worried the meal wouldn't live up to the high expectations I had, but it certainly did.I came in for Happy Hour and we tried an assortment of their offerings. Everything we tried was solid, but the standouts from our meal were the salmon tostada, yellowtail, miso cod and the stuffed mushrooms. We had wanted to order more, but the portions were generous and we filled up quickly for a minimal price. The quality was great for the price and because they offer Happy Hour Mondays through Saturday 4-6, I will be able to go back again during the weekend when it's more convenient for me. Service was impeccable and no fewer than four different servers checked on us during our meal to make sure we had everything we needed.I look forward to trying the rest of the menu and even coming in for their lunch specials and dinner menu.
5	Great food, service, atmosphere and green tea creme brulee! Very reasonably priced too!
5	most of the time my friends and I would eat at all you can eat sushi spots, trying to maximize our bang for the buck, usually sacrificing quality for quantity and price. With that said, Soho Japanese Restaurant is one of the best sushi places i've ever had, not only in Las Vegas, but anywhere. Just to get other logistics out of the way, the staff is friendly, prompt, and the Sushi Chef was highly knowledgeable and very catering to our requests. The fish is unbelievably amazing. every cut, whether it be sushi or sashimi, was excellent in taste, texture, and "freshness"  We tried four different Cold Sashimi dishes, all which exceeded my expectations. As well, I am not usually a Uni fan, but after listening to the Chef's explanation of different kinds of Uni, and trying his specific Uni, i realized I never liked Uni because no one ever knew how to prepare it before. the uni at Soho is GREAT. The tostada chips are perfect in size, and great on taste. Highly recommend the Mackrel as well. Currently, there ivory salmon is in season. Chef hooked it up with a great  portion that I highly recommend. The pieces of sashimi you get for 5 dollars is outstanding. Definitely recommend getting that over sushi. For how good the fish is, I feel like I'm ripping chef off for only paying 5 bucks for each fish. Happy hour has great deals (only 1 dollar a taco, asahi draft for 3.) Overall, I just can't stop raving about the quality and taste of the food here. Easily my favorite sushi spot in vegas, maybe anywhere. If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. Favorites: salmon wasabi, ocean trout, tuna tostadasSalute to you chef john
5	This is one of the best Sushi places in Vegas, fresh,  and great service. The Sushi chefs are accommodating and make great recommendations. I would definitely go back there again
5	Totally deserving of 5 stars. One of the best sushi spots in Vegas. Fish was fresh and every bite was amazing. The menu is very interesting with the different pairings and concoctions they've come up with. The chefs were fun and made excellent recommendations. The servers were very friendly. Will most definitely be back!
5	Amazing bone in short rib. Tender, fall off the bone, melt in your mouth meat. Absolute must try! Service was great too! Can't wait to come back again!
5	This restaurant was highly recommended by friends so we decided to check it out.  We didn't have to wait long to be seated and our server, Sheila, was great!We had the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, Hamachi Kama, 15 piece sushi set (Maguro, Sake, Hamachi, Scallops, Trout...), Hamachi Kama, Ikura, Uni, and Sake nigiri.  I was hesitant to order the Uni at first because I've been disappointed every time I've eaten it other than in Japan...but our server highly recommended it and assured me that it was fresh.  I have to say that the Uni was good!  In fact everything we had tasted fresh!I also thought the prices were reasonable.  I would definitely dine here when I'm in Vegas again!
5	This place is amazing! I had the best sushi there and the place was very clean. The service was very good and fast.
5	Bottom line: great food, great value, great service. Chef-driven Japanese food for 25-33% more than your typical strip mall sushi joint. The difference is remarkable. Foodie destination for sure.
5	This place used to be 5 stars but it dropped to 4.5 and I have no idea why. This place is 5 stars all around. We came in close to closing time and they welcomed us in without acting like we were going to be keeping them. A family came in even later than us and they received the same warm greeting. Right away we got a good vibe because the servers didn't act like us being late was a problem.  Now the food. Man everything was perfect. We had tempura king crab, firecracker roll, and the bone in short rib. Everything was delicious. We were not even hungry but we demolished everything. If you don't get anything else get the short rib. That's a winner right there. Id wait in line (but there isn't one) for an hour for that. Service 5 stars. Food 5 stars. Atmosphere/cleanliness 5 stars.
5	I have one word to describe Soho and that word is phenomenal! I have been to many different sushi restaurants in town and Soho by far has the freshest cleanest tasting fish. We were going through the menu and saw Ocean Trout with Pop Rocks. I know we thought the same thing but we're feeling a little daring and it was so worth it. Ocean trout looks like salmon but tastes 10x better and danced with the tingly sweetness of the pop rock candy. The Garlic Shishto peppers were out of this world. We were lucky enough to be checked on by the chef who was amazing! He recommended we try a dish that was Jack Stripe fish with Uni and it was outstanding!!!! My wife is not the biggest fan of Uni but once she tasted Soho's Catalina Island Uni she was sold. We finished off the meal with the Green Tea Tiramuso refreshingly delicious!  We have already made plans to return. We definitely recommend you come and try Soho. You will love it just like we do!
5	This place is beyond what I previously expected from a sushi place. The owner is behind the sushi bar, which is a huge plus. We got a sashimi platter which comes with 15 BIG pieces of fresh sashimi for just $25. I honestly don't know how they can make a profit out of this because all their fish was imported straight from Japan. With the same quality of sashimi, I paid $150 in Chicago. The $15 twin dragon roll is super delicious and filling. The service here is awesome, too. The executive chef and servers are super friendly. I'll definitely come again!!!
5	Five stars all around.   Service is fantastic, everyone is friendly and helpful.  Started with the lychee infused sake, so good!  Sashimi was to die for.  Got the yellowtail and a fresh Alaskan salmon order.  Yellowtail ponzu sauce was amazing, went to my happy place.   Salmon special came with greens and kelp noodles, my favorite.  Twin Dragon roll - beyond good.  I don't know which part of it I enjoyed the most.  Finished with the short rib, one of the best I've ever had, anywhere. Fall off the bone, perfectly seasoned.  Side salad was even good, had a nice kick to it. Delicious.  Best sushi experience I've had in years.  Highly recommend. .
5	I've been here a few times .  Customer service is great and the sushi n sashimi is always fresh and delicious . Thanks Chef John
5	I don't like to give out five stars.  I need to be wowed in order to do so.  I have been wowed every time I've been to SoHo.  No doubt this is the very best sushi in Las Vegas.   Our server Charles did an awesome job with suggestions.   Chef John came to our table.  He was very gracious and humble, it's was a joy to meet himSoHo is hereby my sushi place.  I don't say this lightly, considering a friend of mine owns a sushi restaurant.
5	This is definitely a 5 star place.  The food is delicious and fresh.  The servers are very helpful and know the different dishes well in order to help you choose according to your likes.  If you like sushi and live or visiting in the area, I highly recommend trying the food here.
5	Awesome food, service, music and the house sake is very tasty. I really recommend if your in Vegas and love sushi you have to check this place out. The lunch special prices are very affordable. Service was very attentive water glass was never empty.  One of my favorite places now and will be back.
5	Superb hidden Gem!! I would give it a 10 Star if Yelp would allow me to:-) The Service and Food was Fantastic. Thank you for the wonderful experience.
5	How does one start their Centennial revue? Which venue does one choose to mark the occasion? How many other factors can possible come together to make this the hardest revue of my Yelp career?...and will I ever be able to regain my sanity?I am told that a great work of art is never truly finished, that the work never ends. After just one visit to Soho Japanese Restaurant, I now understand what that means.Clearly the great Yelpers of Las Vegas have collectively cried out the praises of this understated little gem in the southwest valley. Not only does it rank top among sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, it ranks tops among ALL restaurants in Las Vegas. That little tidbit has to be making some of this town's "legendary" chefs red in the face. Someone should tell those people at Michelin they are dinosaurs - no wait, never-mind, let them figure it out.You see when it comes down to it, it's quite simple - if you do something great, people will notice. And it's clear, Soho does great better than anyone in Vegas.The first thing you notice when you walk into Soho is that no world renowned restaurant decor consultancy group was brought in to "class the place up", like they do in most 5 star restaurants. Soho is a simple, friendly, comfortable and welcoming environment - a 5 star restaurant that won't make you feel like you're not good enough to be there (what a concept.)The staff are regular people, just like you and me. But management is obviously treating these people with a little respect because it's quite clear they all love working there - it shows in absolutely everything they do. Imagine great service at a 5 star restaurant from friendly people who don't look down their nose at you (are you guys starting to see a trend here?)But you really don't appreciate how good you have it until the food arrives. It's easy to get so comfortable here that you can forget you are about to partake in one amazing meal. All that changes once you take the first bite. For us it was the Uni Trio - just Wow! (Thank you sir, may I please have another.)I know what you're thinking, what does a boy who grew up in Fargo, North Dakota know about sushi? Wouldn't he be dead last on the list of people you should trust on the subject? (Hey Buddy, you forgot to cook this!) Fair enough.The truth is, you're just going to have to decide for yourself. No amount of banter from me is going to change your mind,so I'll leave that up to the marvelous people at Soho, they are better suited to the task. Whew! One hundred down, and ready for round two. Go Yelp!
5	Wow. By far the best sushi I've ever ever had. The customer service in this place is genuine and you feel comfortable around the staff. Chef John Lee did a phenomenal job and he even gave us complimentary dishes! I've been to plenty of sushi restaurants in Vegas and this is my new go to sushi place it's across town from me but I do not care how far away it is, that's how amazing this place is!
5	AMAZING food and fantastic service!! The chef/owner was incredibly friendly and sent over a complimentary white fish that was exquisite  this is definitly my new sushi spot. I used to love social house like no other but I found out the owner was the executive chef there!  Bye bye social house...hello near my home, more affordable, friendlier SOHO
5	To me, this is the BEST Sushi place in town and the price is sooooooooo reasonable. The place is very clean and the owners are wonderful. I have tried eating here many times and every single time, I walked out happy and satisfied because of how consistently good and fresh their food really is. In the past, I preferred those AYCE place, but this place has changed my mind. Unless something changes about Soho, I will definitely go here for sushi. =)
5	Best deal in Vegas. The price, the food, excellent experience with the waiters and got to meet the chef personally!My boyfriend wanted to get sushi as we had a huge dinner the other night at Sushisamba (review upcoming). I start looking for sushi restaurants in LV and Soho comes up. My boyfriend checks it out and says "nah this doesn't look like sushi, look at the pictures". The pictures were showing a lot of rolls and I had already decided that I wanted the rib (somehow I was pretty hungry even after the big meal) as it had great reviews. Also, the pictures could be deceiving as they have changed their menu slightly, so the pictures of the menu here are outdated. We decided not to go there as he wasn't that hungry. To be honest, even though I love rolls, I prefer sashimi or sushi, way less filling and delicious. Previously we had gone to an AYCE sushi place where we learned that they didn't serve sashimi and they complained when we left some rice. Anyways, he was not that hungry to try another AYCE given that they never offered sashimi and we waited. I was starving so eventually he felt sorry for me and we drove to Soho. As soon as we were parking we noticed the amazing lunch deal: $8.50!!! We had to check that out. We went inside, were seated and the waiter asked us how we found the place. I said Yelp and he said "well the food reviews are always on point, the service has been up and down but we'll try the best". I liked his honesty. We were given the lunch menus and one dinner menu. We both ordered the sashimi lunch which was 7 pieces of nigiri plus a bowl of rice, salad and miso soup. I ordered the ribs ($19) from the dinner menu (the one that is here is outdated) and waited.The lunch boxes came first. I really have to say that this is the best sashimi lunch I have eaten EVER. First, the price was only $8.50, second, the pieces were big. And I mean big, I was pleasantly surprised. Many people think that you can not get full from sashimi lunches because it is only fish but trust me, you can.As for the rib, it was delicious as well. It fell off the bone, the sauce was good, the potatoes great, everything awesome. As soon as we were done with the food, the chef approached our table and introduced himself saying how pleased he was that we ordered the sashimi and the rib. He then asked us if we were full. We said yes (because we were). He then asked again that if he were to send us something, we would eat it. Of course we said YES!. A couple minutes later, the waitress brought us a plate from the chef. He sent us a couple pieces of Yellowtail Yuzu Soy which she said was their #1 dish. The pieces were delicious. As for the service, it was great. The waiter that seated us said he had to go and pointed us to the girl who would be taking care of us from then on. Really great and surprisingly affordable lunch!
5	The food is always so fresh tasting.  We only had to wait a minute to be seated while they handled a large party, but the chef sent out an extra dish saying he was sorry for the wait.  Such nice service and the prices are so reasonable for the great quality.  I love the tempura rock shrimp and the rainbow roll was fantastic (say yes to real crab meat at sushi restaurants).  We had several other small bites, but the bill only came to around $25 per person.
5	As many stars that this restaurant in such a short time. Do I really need to write a review? I mean. I would rather keep this restaurant in my secret company of secret restaurant that I only frequented right? Wrong. They deserved every exposure they get. Why??Because they are worth it. Superb service, great chef/ owner. Great Happy Hour. But most of all great food. To have a great restaurant, you have a great food. And this restaurant is a true epitome of a restaurant that knows what they are doing. Me and my wife try all their happy hour menu and absolutely adore their miso black cod.Nobu have one of the best Miso black cod in the city but for the price they are asking, I rather hit SOHO. I shall see you again soon SOHO!!!
5	price adjusted, the best restaurant in vegas andl a top contender overall.  owner/chef lee came out to talk to people; he is an extremely nice guy who clearly cares about your experience.  fresh, large sashimi cuts, lunch specials, happy hours.
5	Coming from Hawaii and having enjoyed the food in Tokyo, my husband and I are pretty picky when it comes to this type of food. Everything was excellent! We ordered 4 different tadas, the hamachi sashimi, the ahi roll on crispy rice, the shrimp tempura roll, the hamachi kama, and the beef tataki. The beef tataki was our favorite dish. Everything was so fresh.  The service was impeccable and the chef/owner came out to talk with us. Highly recommend!
5	All if the sushi places we have had in a lifetime, this place is hands-down the best ever. From Vegas to Los Angeles.
5	Love this place!  My boyfriend and I visited today, for my birthday, for the very first time.  Every member of their staff was super friendly from the moment we walked into the moment we walked out.  They have a great happy hour menu (for drinks and for food) and the sushi was delicious.  Service was also super quick despite it being fully packed.  Our waiter was super nice and when he realized it was my birthday, totally hooked me up with some J Pop and a great plate of delicious, fresh tuna.  I really can't say enough good things about this place.  Incredible service, food, and value.  We'll be back soon!
5	This is my new favorite spot! Luckily, there's never a wait when I've gone. Been here a few times for the lunch specials (12-4pm) which are a great deal. I always order the sashimi lunch which usually has two tuna, two salmon, two yellowtail, and one halibut. All the lunch specials are $8.50 and comes with rice, miso soup, side salad, and a mini cucumber salad. They have one of the BEST yellowtail I've ever had! It is sooooo buttery than most places.I've sat at the bar a couple times and the seats there are a little weird. If you sat there, you'll know what I'm talking about! It's just not possible to scoot your chair as close to the bar as you'd like. The chefs behind the counter are so friendly! They even offered a sample of their seabass, which was really good. Great customer service here.Everything i've had tried so far has been really good except I wasn't a fan of the golden trout. There was some pop rock candy on it that definitely made it stand out but I didn't like it.I'll definitely be back! Need to stop by for HH too.Don't forget to ask for fresh wasabi!
5	My girlfriend and I have been here for dinner with a group of friends, and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  We knew there was a $8.50 lunch special, so we finally made it back last Thursday for lunch.  I ordered the sashimi lunch, which came with 8 big pieces of fresh sashimi, a bowl of rice, a bowl of miso soup, a spring mix salad, and some cucumber salad.  We also ordered the terriyaki chicken lunch which was very well seasoned.
5	Creative. Delicious. Reasonably priced.  Soho lives up to its mission of "strip fare for locals." They offer an inventive menu of cold and hot appetizers, entrees, and actual sushi, in addition to a well-thought-out sake list. On the waitress' recommendation, we had a bottle of the cold g fifty sake to share and it was quite good. Then we just split several appetizers, and all were seriously excellent: baked mussels, Cajun albacore, the famous yellowtail, and the black cod lettuce wraps. $75 for a great meal and drinks is fair to me. Next time, we'll definitely hit up happy hour (4-6).
5	Found this place on yelp! Amazing!! The chef came out and welcomed us as well as made a few things extra for us. I am new to sushi but this was by far the best experience ever! Oh and the dish with pop rocks very good and so creative!
5	Best Japanese restaurant in Vegas, the beef tataki is worth the visit in itself. Throw in chef John's hospitality and you have an excellent dining expierence!
4	If you're looking for fresh and delicious sushi in the area, this place is a must-try. The service is great from the servers to the chefs. Happy hour is the best time to go, they have great full sized rolls for half price. I personally really loved the firecracker roll!
5	Exellent quality, BEST sushi place in Las Vegas. I love the friendly service. Try the Yellow Tail Yuzu Soy!!!
5	This place had 5 full stars when I looked it up last night and it should always remain that way. I am always a skeptic when I see 5 stars, but after my experience at SOHO last night, I can state in all confidence that this is by far the best place for Japanese food in Las Vegas, Service was top notch and the food, well, you'll see!
5	My new favorite sushi restaurant in town. The sashimi is the best I've ever had. Chef/owner Mike came out to our table to explain his methodology and techniques; truly a unique experience. The staff was super knowledgable and friendly; a pleasure to interact with. I can't say enough about this restaurant. How's this: I actually like uni now. It was that good. Try the Catalina Island uni. You won't regret it. And it will  make up for all the terrible uni you've had in the past. :)
5	This restaurant looks so nice inside. It has a casual contemporary setting. What's even better is their food! Definitely try the sashimi options (yellowtail, salmon, and scallop were delicious!). Be sure to also look at their daily specials menu to the left when walking through the front door. I tried their poke from the specials menu and it was AMAZING! Staff is very friendly and the chef even came to greet us at our table! I'm a fan of AYCE sushi but find myself often craving the sashimi from this spot ;D
5	The staff were great and very friendly. The owner even walked around making sure everyone was enjoying their meal and gave us an Uni sampler for free to try! We'll definitely be back the food is delish and fresh and they have great service.
5	I rarely give 5 star reviews but soho sushi deserves it from their customer service and the chefs attention to detail to accentuate the flavor of the fish he's preparing. I wasBlown away by the customer service and quality of the fish and food. We were here for my girlfriends bday. We ordered the cold plates...tuna tataki and yellow tail even the fried broccoli. It was so good that we ordered multiple servings. The waitress Sheila recommend great dishes and we devoured them. We saw that they served uni and we asked to order one to try it. We were torn between the Catalina uni and the Japanese uni. We were told that they had different flavor notes. We ended up with the Catalina uni and they even threw in the Japanese uni on the house for us to try. Amazing! The chef also walked us out sea trout sashimi on the house for us since we were celebrating a birthday. And even threw in peach sake. My experience here was unforgettable! I will be recommending this place to everyone and will be looking forward to coming back. Oh and they use real Alaskan crab in their sushi. Not that imitation crap....best sushi I've ever had. PERIOD!
5	Loved this place far from the strip but worth the trip!
5	I finally had a chance to visit Soho this afternoon for lunch with a friend. Fortunately, we did not have to wait. The staff promptly greeted and sat us.There was a pretty good selection for their lunch specials. I decided to try the salmon and my friend had their sashimi. The sashimi was a pretty good amount of fish and my friend said it was fresh. My salmon was cooked perfectly with some char but not over cooked. Even the little details where nice. The salad was not over dressed. I will be visiting this establishment on a more frequent basis. I'm excited to try their happy hour specials. And, I definitely have to try their Soho Moco. I'm a sucker for Hawaiian food. If you're undecided, reading the reviews, just go. You will not be disappointed.
5	My wife and I were in town from NYC for a couple of days and we wanted to get off the strip and away from the crowds.  We are big sushi lovers, and have quite a few favorite places back home.  After looking at Yelp, we chose SOHO. Wow...what an incredible choice.  It's a small place...intimate...without a lot of the glitz of LV.  That's ok...we've gotten our fill of that on this trip.   What we wanted was some quiet so we could re-connect and just enjoy some really good sushiWe got all of that and more.  From the time we walked in, the staff was incredibly attentive and accommodating.  Our server Angelica made some great recommendations...the yellowtail, especially, being one of the freshest and most succulent sashimi dishes we've ever eaten.  We made three choices, and after we were done, we ordered one additional roll. I wasn't even that hungry, but the food was so good I felt obligated!   When we were done with that our server brought another plate over. My wife said "oh, we didn't order that," and she said "this is from the chef."It was ocean trout, which we'd never had before.  It was a deep red, like salmon, with a meatier taste.  Outstanding!  Later, John came to out table.  He's the chef and owner, and he explained that he thought we'd enjoy the ocean trout because he'd seen the other items we'd chosen.  Very thoughtful, and always a treat to meet the owner and the person who prepared our meal.I think that's the true secret to SOHO...pride and passion.  Not only was John personally invested in us, but all of his employees clearly took steps to ensure we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  John and his entire team went "the extra mile" to please us, and they succeeded with flying colors.  We would highly recommend SOHO. It's a little out of the way, but that's the charm, and it is WELL WORTH the journey.  Oh, and a bonus?  It's probably about 30% less than you'd pay on the strip for less flavor and quality.  Sushi lover?  Don't miss this place!!
5	We went for happy hour and ordered 17 dishes with 4 drinks. The amount came out to be $91 wih 5 people. The waitress Mika was very nice and the he'd came to say hello to us. Food was great quality and fresh .... And delicious! I would definitely recommend .
4	I felt like I crossed the desert to get here, (ok, so it was only nine miles) but it was totally worth it. Best red snapper sushi ever! I asked for it to be drizzled with the magical juice of the yuzu fruit which is produced by unicorns.
5	Best sushi in town. Their special sashimi are out of this world. In roll i recommend the spicy soft shelf crab. Delicious.
5	Excellent sushi restaurant in Vegas. The reviews and ratings speak for themselves. My grandparents and I decided to try a new sushi restaurant: Soho exceeded all of our expectations. The food was exquisite and the prices are reasonable. The experience would not have been as unparalleled had it not been for the service. Indeed we were lucky enough to have Charles guide us through the evening as he introduced us to the restaurants' best dishes. His professionalism and sincere warmth is definitely the determining factor in wanting to return one more time before we leave Vegas.
3	A/C, A/C, A/C, I would love to give this place a 5 star, because the food is very good. However every time I have gone here it is very Hot. I have asked the staff more than once, if they could turn down the Air Condition and they tell me the A/C in on but the heat is coming from the kitchen and that is why it is so hot. However no matter where I sit in the Restaurant I never feel any breeze from any A/C vent. They also have 4 or 5 fans going so I know other people must have complained about the heat also. I have a real problem spending a $100.00 on dinner and sweating through it. I would for sure refer this place in the winter months.
1	Well just called for a simple togo and I asked," Can I still place a to go?" I ask because I work in a kitchen and it is close to closing time , so if they are already shutting down , I understand. Guy on phone answers back with, " if you want". Why would I ask? Wth. He says hold on one sec and five minutes into my phone wait, still holding but my grip has weakened  and so has my love for this place. I go here 3-4 times a month and than I get this. All I wanted was rice, shishitos, tuna tataki,  and cajun albacore. In restaurants you have to be consistent,  it's not about being escoffier one day and a burger king line cook the next. If your consistent , eventually that consistency will turn into greatness. Unfortunately this place obviously has workers in here who do not meet the consistency accord and do not want to be great. Huge disappointment,  one that I will share with all my restaurant comrades .
5	We went here for the first time last night.  We had an exceptional meal!  We thought the yellowtail app was outstanding!  The tempura Alaskan King Crab was amazing!  All their sushi was exceptionally fresh.  The service was attentive and very friendly which made it an overall wonderful experience.  We can't wait to return!
5	My wife and I visit Las Vegas 2-3 times a year and always look for and usually find, a new restaurant that we end up liking a fair amount. But this visit was different - we found Soho and fell in love.  Both of us felt it was the best overall Japanese meal we've ever had.Each of the dishes we ordered - and I'd have to say there were really too many - were superb. The highlights - the salmon and the whitefish sashimi and the Twin Dragon Roll.  There are simply too many good things to say about each of the dishes but suffice to say, it was the best.The service matched the food - terrifically casual, friendly and knowledgeable server with the willingness to let us know what she liked as well as what was popular.  We took her suggestions and were ecstatic!I highly recommend this gem of a restaurant - get there soon before they move up and out because they definitely deserve to.
4	I read all the positive yelp reviews of this place and decided to give it a try. I ordered 3 items for takeout - it took about 35-40 minutes (which is a long wait for takeout, but in fairness they were busy and the staff was very attentive, checking in on me frequently and letting me know my food was coming soon). I ordered three items: the angus gyoza which was delicious - the dipping sauce went perfectly with the dumplings. The Sunny Salmon Roll was also great - the lemon really adds a great twist of flavor to the roll. The tuna box sushi, however, I found bland. It wasn't bad but there wasn't much flavor to the roll and it was awkwardly shaped and difficult to eat. Everything tasted very fresh (which is always a good quality when serving raw fish). I will definitely come back again!
4	Awesome lunch special. Could not decide between the chicken katsu or a salmon roll... So I got both! Yummies. And the green tea tiramisu was fab!
5	Went here the other day for lunch!! Food was amazing, chef checked on us and made sure everything was perfect and also told us many options we could do in future. Staff was friendly, and could answer every question we had, waitress was very knowledgable about menu and Restraunt!!
5	Fresh fish... delicious dishes... friendly staff... affordable prices.... and I love how he caters to the locals... finally a sushi place to go to that has high quality fish without the high strip prices but fish quality if not better than the strip. This is not an AYCE restaurant but they do have amazing sushi rolls. I love the Fire Cracker Roll, the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, and let's not forget the Sashimi Mix plate of 15 pcs of fresh fish for just $25 (have you've seen how he cuts his sashimi pieces? It's much thicker than most places I go to). I normally wait to sit at the bar just to see Chef John in action. His friendly warm welcoming personality definitely brings more flavor to his dishes and there's never a quiet dull moment. We leave with a night filled with great food, great drinks and laughs with the chef/owner John Sheila is one of their many amazing servers...
5	Our server Julie was the best. She really knew the menu and we could tell that she was excited about all of the food here. She even provided us samples of food we weren't too sure about. All of her suggestions were the BOMB!!! We had the hamachi for starters and it completely melted in our mouths. Next we had the uni trio which included uni from Santa Barbara, Catalina islands and Hokkaido. My favorite was the Catalina. Sooo sweet. The beef short rib was to die for. Fall of the bone goodness!  The twin dragon roll was perfect topped with deep fried ama ebi. Ahh, dessert.....grenen tea tiramisu and lemon cheese cake.  Chef john came out to greet us to make sure everything was to our liking.  I need a bed. The food and ambience is awesome and I am definitely coming back!!!
4	We're a fan of this place specifically for their happy hour.  Good sushi and mini tuna tacos at some decent prices.Our first time there, we were greeted by the chef which was really nice and he brought us out one of his signature dishes to try which again was really nice and generous of him.  So overall a good experience and good service.  We have gone twice so far, one for regular dinner and once for happy hour. Love that it's just around the corner from us, so we will be going more often.  Great when chef's from the strip decide to open up their own restaurants here for us locals :)
5	Really Really Good!!Yellowtail jalepeno.... excellent!Bone in short rib...... excellent!Sashimi is super fresh... amazing!We will be back very soon!!!
4	really fresh Hamachi, Uni and red snapper sashimi and other raw creations by chef John.  Matcha Tiramisu really hit the spot after some great Sushi.  Definitely will come back to try their happy hour and lunch menu.
4	We special ordered a roll, chef made it perfectly.  The staff is very friendly and attentive. Every piece of fish was delicious. Chef stopped by the table to check on everything. Highly recommend this place.
5	Good portion lunch dish. Sashimi is thick and fresh. This is my new lunch spot.Just stopped here for dinner.  Probably the best sushi dinner I have ever had for a long while, with a very decent price tag.Sashimi is super fresh, octopus was just amazing. Salmon, hamachi.. I cannot complain at all.
5	Awesome place with great lunch deals and a full sushi menu specializing more in sashimi and unique dishes. The head chef takes time to talk with customers and offer recommendations.
5	LOVE this place!Service=5 starDecor=5 starFood=5 starSuch a hidden gem in the southwest valley. If you enjoy fresh Japanese food done right, do yourself a favor and check this place out. It's phenomenal.
5	AMAZING!! AMAZING!! AMAZING!!.....Simply put.. Service-5..Atmosphere-5..Price-5..Food-5+.... Must try... Our server Charles was perfect..Ordered all of our dishes and was point on all the way! John the head chef/owner came to our table upon leaving to see how everything was. Very nice guy! Will be back over and over again!!
5	I have eaten at Soho for lunch and have had happy hour.  can't say enough good things about this place.  for lunch, they offer a few lunch special selections as well as the full dinner menu.  I've had the sashimi lunch special as well as the chicken katsu lunch special.  the sashimi lunch special portion is very good for the $10 price tag.  you get a couple pieces of salmon, tuna, and Hamachi.  pretty good value.  not to mention rice, miso soup, and a salad.  the katsu lunch also has salad, rice, and miso soup.  the portion for me was a bit small.  wish they gave a little more katsu.  but the flavor and crunch of the katsu was unbelievable.  i've honestly never had katsu this good before.  i don't know what it was, but every bite i took, I kept asking myself if this was the best katsu i've ever had.  and I'm thoroughly convinced it is.  for happy hour, i can't say enough about the ahi tostadas.  i could eat 10 of these.  the hydro bibb miso black cod is so flavorful, delicate, and delicious.  one of my favorite menu items.  hamachi sashimi is wonderful as well.  the sauces and oils the chef adds totally enhances the Hamachi and the flavors dance in your mouth.  everything is so complimentary and the fish is always the star.  rock shrimp tempura was very good as well.  sweet and juicy shrimp in a pillowy tempura batter was quite delicious.  firecracker roll has a lot of fish in and on top of it.  the sauce was spicy without being over powering.  one of my favorite japanese restaurants in las vegas.  strip quality food at local prices.  can't go wrong there.
3	The quality went down a lot the last 2 times I went. I used to love this place but now it's just another run of the mill sushi joint, nothing great, mediocre quality fish, I have a few items on the menu that are ok, but I can't even remember what they were. It's really a 2.5 but I gave them a three since they are better than a 2 and I'm sure regular people would like it.
5	This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I have been coming here for a long time now and we have never been disappointed. Yellowtail Yuzu Soy is one of our favorites and the Firecracker Roll is fantastic. They have great lunch specials too! Ocean trout Sashimi, soft shell crab roll, king crab tempura, chicken or beef teriyaki ... you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	My husband and I had an amazing time dining at Soho! We ordered a wide selection of sashimi plates, sushi, and rolls, and everything was fresh and delicious. The service was great and rounded off a perfect night. The ambiance and atmosphere was obviously no where near as fancy as some of the places on the strip. But they more than made up for it with the prices. We got to try a number of unique and delicious dishes without breaking the bank and without any pretentiousness. We'll be back next time we visit Vegas!
5	I love love love SOHO!!!It is one of my very favorite restaurants in Vegas! Every time I come the staff is so friendly, the food is fantastic, and even their seats are so comfortable. The fish is always fresh. Their cold sashimi plates are some of the best sashimi I've every had!The salmon dinner is always fantastic. I haven't had one thing I didn't like from this place. Try their peach sake!! So delicious
5	You ever eat at a place and a day later, two days later, you're still thinking about that meal?  You can't wait to go back and you're plotting your next opportunity to get back there?  This is one of those places.  We had lunch here and ordered scallop sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, salmon and avocado handroll, King Crab rolls with the crunchiest shrimp tempura on top.  It was all delicious.  Amazingly fresh, beautifully plated and just yum.  Service was incredibly friendly and they accommodate gluten free diets  with GF tempura batter and wheat free soy sauce.  You can't get better than this little place and I can't wait to come back and try their other plates.
5	Went here twice in three days. It's THAT GOOD. Happy hour items were delicious. The fish is so sweet and fresh. Definitely recommend the Ahi poke, Uni Duo (one portion each from Santa Barbara and Catalina). Any of the sashimi DNS most definitely recommend seaweed salad. Try this place it's
5	Amazing place. best sushi in Vegas for sure,the chef (owner) is supper cool,service 5 star quality 5 star ..I mean I drive across the city 3times in one week to eat in thus place...
4	Our second visit. Fish was very fresh. Some confusion over which rolls we ordered, but they made it right and even brought us a complimentary starter. Very friendly and welcoming even when we showed up 10 mins before close. They have the usual rolls and some unique ones.  I like that they aren't the standard Vegas sushi joint with screaming O rolls, etc...a little classier than that. We'll be back.
4	They have a large variety of Sashimi at a really good price.  $25 for a Sashimi platter is definitely a steal, and it comes with 5 kinds of fish, 4 large pieces each.  The Uni trio was good, and my favorite Uni was the Santa Barbara.  I've tried the off the menu Hokaido Uni because my friend knows the owner; but it wasn't that special.As for the cooked dishes, the Black Cod I ordered was too sweet and not anywhere flakey like Nobu's.
3	Overrated happy hour. It's not overrated in price but taste. The tostadas though. I could go crazy on those.
5	This place is awesome.  The sashimi platter is the best in the city (for the following reasons:  price, variety of fish and presentation).  The service is great.  Chef John always takes the time to  walk around the restaurant and talk with customers.  When I get the craving for fish and sushi I always think Soho first.
5	We have found our new sushi restaurant go-to! We went based off of the Yelp reviews, and we are SO GLAD we did! The atmosphere is nice and the staff very friendly. Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and had great suggestions - even a few items not on the menu! The sushi was top-grade and presentation was beautiful. Honestly, can't wait to go back. Wow.
5	Service and food was great.  Fish was fresh and the ingredients used complimented every dish.  Yellowtail yuzu,Todas, black cod, ocean trout, and matcha tiramisu is a must.
5	Sheila and Charles are the best servers :-) My green tea was always full. They are very attentive and fun. The food was pretty good too. Get the green tea creme Brulee. It is amazing!! next time I come it'll be dessert first.
5	I'm addicted! My boyfriend and I found this place in yelp for happy hour and man! We go back a couple times a month if not once a week. The chef came over to our table the first time and introduced himself and thanked us for coming. The appetizers are bomb on the happy hour menu! I love the cold Lychee sake and the ladies who wait on you are nothing but smiles, super friendly and attentive! Will continue to go bacn again and again and have recommended to other friends. Thanks for being amazing!
4	I would definitely need to come back the next time I make my way back to Vegas. My friend and I came during lunch. It wasn't very crowded, we were seated right away, and the food came out in a timely manner. My friend ordered the bento box off the lunch menu. The bento box came with rice, meat, salad, sashimi, and pickled cucumbers. The meat was perfect! Especially dipped in their sauce. We ordered the yellowtail yuzu soy to share. It was topped with fried jalepeno. I would definitely order this again!I ordered the spicy soft shell crab. The reason why I only give Soho a 4 star is because it wasn't spicy at all. The roll had soft shell crab, spicy tuna, cucumber, avocado, jalepeno, and spicy aioli. I had to order a side of jalepeno and that still wasn't enough spice for me.
5	Soho is an amazing restaurant! The minute we walked in we exchanged laughs immediately. This is how every restaurant should run. Everyone from the chefs to servers were constantly staying busy and smiling! We went during happy hour and I was blown away by the food! Cajun albacore sashimi was so good and the poke tostadas! Everything was fresh. Servers knew what they were talking about and I saw the passion each individual had! Overall great atmosphere and service and most importantly food! It's our new sushi spot!
5	I don't write reviews. But I'm writing a review. No brainer if you're in the neighborhood. Do it. Stat.
5	This place is a gem!  Had chef tasting (omakase) twice here and amazed at the quality and value.  Service is fantastic and food is as good as anything you will get in the strip.
5	Among all the sushi places I have been to around the town, this is the BEST sushi place ever!! Every dish has it's own distinct taste !!  I been there more than 6 times already!
5	I can't say enough about this restaurant. I love everything I have tried there.  My two favorites are the Twin Dragon Roll and the King Crab Tempura. Chef John is always welcoming and the service is friendly, team oriented, and swift. As good as it gets!
5	First Japanese cuisine experience in Vegas fish is so fresh great atmosphere and chef is really nice
5	How refreshing to dine in an establishment where the staff and owner cares so passionately about the quality and experience. We visited on a Thursday night started with the Kumamoto oysters and mix sashimi platter. The mix sashimi platter for 25$ is an amazing value, superb quality, and surprisingly voluminous assortment of yummy fish. The oysters, yellowtail, beef capriccio all 5 stars and with a delightfully pleasing presentation. The bone in short ribs - amazing!!!!!!!!!! The double dragon roll was well prepared and tasty. The green tea tiramisu was terrific.  This not an all-you-can-eat sushi joint - or a come-all sushi roll house with chicken teriyaki.  It's a high quality and adventurous sashimi house with a flare. If you have an adventurous palate, it is the place for you. The staff was overwhelming in friendliness, knowledge, and attentiveness. I forgot ..... They use real crab in their sushi rolls not the fake stuff found in 90% of the sushi houses in Las Vegas. I will be back !!!!!
5	Man!! I love this restaurant! Great service and food! Chef gave us 1 complimentary dish cos he said we were so pretty :) (or maybe he says that to everyone) even the dragon roll made a difference in soho! We also ordered some tempura shrimps, yellowtail ponzu, and baked mussels??(so gooooood) I loved every dish we ordered and the service was great! Thumbs up to our server asian long hair dude!
5	This place is fantastic - great sushi great staff = great experience.  I dined with all people that were visiting and it was my first time as well, we were all greatly impressed.  Our server Mika was so helpful and since we were a party of 7 she suggested letting us try the top selections versus going off the menu while staying in specified price point.  All the dishes were amazing and their fish is top notch.  I can't say that anything we has was bad- amazing ahi, yellow tail, cod, lobster etc - fresh and creatively prepared.  I could live on the ahi poke crisps alone but can't say there was anything I wouldn't order more of.  The chef stopped over to check on us, which I thought was a nice touch.  Julie the hostess was also very helpful - and we enjoyed her assistance.  I live with a 2 mile radius of 4 sushi places in Silverado Ranch yet I can't wait to drive the extra miles back to Soho!
5	I have become a regular at SoHo now. This place has an amazing happy hour with some really good prices. Try the lychee infused cold sake for $5, $1 tostadas, and way more. This place does it right. Friendly staff. Fresh food. And Chef John always comes to talk to us everytime we come back. This places sets the standards of how a restaurant should be run.
5	Honestly I like that we always can get right in so hesitant to give it anymore stars (ha ha) but this place is great. Friendliest staff and amazing food. We just moved here 5 mos ago from LA and searched hard to find a place here like our one at home and this is it. We drive all the way from Lake Las Vegas every week or two we like it that much!!! Great local spot.
5	This place a is absolutely the best all around. Been here several times and the quality and freshness is superior. Happy Hour is always happy for us. The prices are very reasonable along with a good selection. Chef John has always made a point to come out and say hello. I tell everyone about this place.
5	Second time coming to SoHo and this place is amazing!Service is awesome the team really works well together and the chefs are awesome.Very very knowledgable staff.Food is delicious. My favorite sushi spot in Vegas hands down! If you want sushi and or Japanese food don't settle for anywhere else. Make the drive no matter where you are you will not regret it.The Yellow tail yuzu sashimi is the best I've had.The lunch specials and happy hour are AWESOME!Just met the chef and owner and you can see the passion he has for his restaurant. I don't think I'd go anywhere else.
5	We came in for dinner tonight for a friend's  Orth day dinner, just a small get together. They were very accommodating and friendly. The food was excellent. The staff was excellent. The chef was incredibly humble and generous and offered us 2 complimentary sashimi plates. For the second plate, he came over to our table and introduced himself and thanked us for coming in and that he wanted us to try his fish because he makes sure it's very fresh so we got to choose which fish we wanted as a sampler! And it did not disappoint. It was delicious with a lot of flavor. Just that generous act of kindness alone should tell you how great of a place this is. Thank you again!!
5	Found this place through yelp and was not disappointed. The sashimi are very fresh and love the variety chosen by the chef. The restaurant's specialty yellowtail with yuzu is pretty good, got to love the fried garlic on top! (wish there was more). The house salad was tasty and i would recommend it as a break from all the heavy usual US salad. As for the tempura, the frying dough could have been puffier and lighter, but other than that this place is the bomb.com. PS The staffs are extremely welcoming and they're the main reason why sushi soho is a great place to eat at :)
4	We live across the street from this spot so BF and I decided to give it a try. We called in a pick up order; the 1st call went to voicemail, the 2nd call I was hung up on, & the 3rd try BF called and was able to order... FINALLY! Lol. He ordered the Beef Teriyaki lunch special w/ a Shrimp tempura roll. He stated it was cooked as ordered and tasty. I had the Salmon Teriyaki lunch special w/ the California roll. I thought it was fresh and delicious. I would only change the salad dressing it was too bitter for my taste. The lunch special comes with miso soup (which my 8 month old loved), salad, & rice.
5	I don't even know what to tell you is their best dish, because every one we've had has been incredible, and we've tried a lot.I live near a Nobu and honestly, I can't go back there.  Soho is just so much better.  Don't miss this restaurant.  The quality of the fish is sublime and the owner/chef is an artist and the staff are wonderful.
5	This is by far my favorite place to go to. Amazing service you are receiving quality service and product. I love the Sushi rolls and the sashimi. Great HH spot to go to as well.
5	I can't even begin to explain how much I love this place and cannot comprehend why I never came here earlier. Especially that it is literally down the street from me. I have been spoiled being born in Las Vegas and indulging AYCE sushi all my life. So I've always been a bit too proud to try al a carte style sushi restaurants because I like to get my money's worth.Soho has excellent service, beautiful food and drink  presentations, as well as a high quality of sashimi. To be honest, I don't really know what I've been doing all my life before finding this gem.Happy Hour is from 4-6pm Mon-Sat, and it really doesn't hurt the wallet too much. My absolute favorite dishes are the tuna tada, yuzu yellowtail, salmon wasabi, hydro bibb black cod... well everything! Also you can't go wrong with the sashimi platter for only $25. 18pcs split between 3 people was more than enough. You must come and try this wonderful place!
5	Nicely remodeled and friendly staff. Clean and service was excellent! Chef came over to check in with us and sent back a complimentary tuna sashimi which was excellent.
4	So I came to see the hype for myself, with over 500 reviewers and FIVE stars. That's almost unheard of. Their service definitely deserves the five stars. They apparently have an excellent happy hour, for which I came about 30 minutes before it was ending. Our hostess said our table would be done in 20 minutes, which it didn't so she said that if it goes past the 6PM mark, she'd let the server know to still give us some time to order some happy hour dishes. Most of the food was pretty good. I had a whole variety of things. The stuff on their HH is pretty standard, nothing too special, like spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll, and this cajun seared ahi. Nothing too 5 star worthy, but still well made and pretty standard. Also ordered the mixed sashimi platter. Some of those cuts were pretty darn good. The scallop was sweet and fresh. Their salmon was nice and fatty. Their fish roe has a seaweed bite which made it taste great. I'm not a fan of some of the other cuts, like red snapper, but they were still enjoyable. Also had their warm octopus salad or something..that's not something I'd recommend to anybody. I like octopus but not only was it good, the flavors didn't match with anything else on that menu that we had ordered. It was very off.I didn't get to try their Omakase, but what we ordered was pretty good, so I think I will come back and try that one day. Overall, general sashimi cuts were pretty good, but their other happy hour stuff--it's a good deal for HH, wouldn't order them normally. Service is great. I'd recommend this place, probably not for happy hour though.
4	I've been to this restaurant twice now, and I love it. I've been to Soho twice, and only during Happy Hour. I love the happy hour items. There's nothing I can say about this menu that has not been said before. The fish is so fresh and so amazing.  I love the salmon avocado roll. The The avocado is always so fresh and melts in your mouth. I have three different tadas which are crispy wontons with avocado and fish on top. I've tried the salmon, tuna, and tako (octopus). Normally I love salmon, but in the tada version, I love the tuna. The tako tastes kind of like shrimp ceviche. That might be because of the pico de gallo that is on that tada. We also ordered the Cajun Albacore Sashimi which tasted awesome! The fish was just so fresh and so amazing. Everything melted in my mouth. My friend ordered the Hydro Bibb Black Cod. That was 2 really small pieces on a bed of lettuce. It was not that great tasting. It also tasted a bit sweeter. The one thing I would not recommend is the soho maki. It's like a really long egg roll. For egg roll fans, it'd be great. However, it's not something I would want at a sushi restaurant. It did taste great, and came with sweet and sour sauce, but I thought it be more fishy. The description mention shrimp and other things, so I thought it would contain more shrimp. The servers were very friendly, and they took our order quickly. They cleared all our plates once we were done. They didn't even rush us out when we finished eating.
5	Love it!  From the moment we walked in we were greeted and seated by a very pleasant waitress from HI.  We got there early enough so we got some items for the happy hour prices.  Everything the waitress suggested was delicious.  We enjoyed the ume scallop, hamachi in a yuzu sauce, sashimi platter(mmmm, good), ika geso (ok), hamachi kama( a very generous portion, delicious), mussels (ono), kurobuta wrapped in bacon (yum), hydro bib black cod (a winner!!), fire cracker roll, spicy tuna roll, california roll and tempura roll.  The rolls were just ok...the next time I don't think we need to order any rolls.  We enjoyed the lychee sake (very reasonable at $5 happy hour price.  Prices are very reasonable and the quality, superb.Can't wait to go back the next time we visit Las Vegas.Note: Read the yelp reviews before going and wasn't disappointed.
5	I can't get enough of SOHO! Having lunch right now & loving every bite! You gotta come to know what I mean!! ;)
5	This place lives up to its reviews and stars on yelp! Me and the hubby checked this place out - sashimi platter: to die for ! Uni was bomb- wrapped with salmon and topped with egg, butter at tits finest! We will be back to try more high quality items at this gem!
5	Excellent food and service! Worth the drive off the strip. Accommodated our party that included 3 toddlers easily. The wait staff had excellent team work, everyone took care of us!
5	On the way home one afternoon, the bf & I were talking about what to have for dinner. We both weren't hungry but, thought we had to eat something small to hold us over for the night. As we were about to pass the Jones/215 exit, I said "SOHO" so, he immediately made the Jones exit and we headed over JUST IN TIME FOR HAPPY HOUR =) He ordered his usual Cajun albacore, various tostadas, and broccoli. I had my own order of Cajun albacore, seaweed salad, and salmon skin handroll. At this point, I had been suffering from laryngitis for a week & gesturing/pointing to my orders; and our waiter (forget his name -- with the glasses and great "man bun" hairdo) brought out some miso soup for me =) super sweet!!!!After most of our delicious food came out, our waiter surprised us with the white fish ponzu. It came on a beautiful Crystal plate in the shape of a fish and was beautifully decorated with pretty edible flowers. The delicately thin fish went well with the ponzu and TRUFFLE salt. Mmmmm, truffle! After we ate that, our waiter asked us how we liked that and proceeded to put the Golden Ocean Trout on our table. There are POP ROCKS on that bad boy! If the ponzu alone didn't add to the oishii (deliciousness) of the dish; the pop rocks added that uniqueness to it! Very odd hearing it pop as u picked it up lol =) fun to say the very least! We ended our dinner with Chef coming around and asking us about our meal and which sashimi was our favorite. Always personable and thankful for his guests :) THANK YOI CHEF!
5	Can't say enough great things about SOHO!  The food was amazing.  The service was perfect!  You will not be disappointed.
5	My boyfriend and I have been here on several occasions. The staff is always pleasant and is always more than eager to accommodate any requests. The food is always fresh and the dishes are made to perfection. Happy hour is a plus!
4	I'm from Los Angeles where there's a large selection of sushi places. This place is really only 4 stars. Great customer service though!!
5	They have the best happy hour menu ever! great service!! love everything about this place. This will be my go to sushi place in vegas!
5	Small place, phenomal food. The sashimi melts in your mouth.Everything on the happy hour menu is amazing!The white peach sake is sooo good,  they actually infuse it themselves with an imported sake.Green Tea F****** Tira misu. GREEN TEA TIRA MISU. have you ever tasted anything more decadent in your life?  Not me. Created by a pastry chef from Aria and delivered only twice weekly, so there is a limited supply.
2	The food is usually good.  The imitation crab meat was a huge disappointment.  The service is always too slow at lunch time.  The staff needs to understand that when people are coming for lunch during work that they should promptly bring their food, drinks, and check.  Many times the staff is congregated in the back talking while people are staring them down waiting for service.  It's a shame.
5	Excellent place! Very fresh and fast. Loved the happy hour!
5	Wow. What great place!  I have to admit, my expectations weren't high when we drove in the strip mall. When we walked in we were greeted promptly by a smiling gal who became our waitress. The service Ada gave was great, and she engaged us during our entire meal, even though she was pretty busy. On to the food - Sushi was super fresh, tasty and well prepared. The Twin Dragon roll was great, a little too much sauce for me, but not enough for me to mark this place down. Wonderful lunch! When you go in, ask for Ada.
5	This place not only lives up to its reviews, it surpasses it!  The sauces are amazing, and the food is so fresh,  everything is fantastic here!  We arrived during the happy hour which featured several of the main dishes in smaller portions, so we decided to order several dishes.. We tried the Cajun albacore, the hydro black cod, the firecracker roll, the shrimp tempura, the baked mussels, the beef tadas and the salmon avocado roll...  Yum yum yum!   We will definitely be returning here regularly!  Well done Chef Lee!
5	The sushi is amazing with such great flavor and very fresh fish. The service is great and I highly recommend :-)
5	After spending enough more visits, I'm ready to revise my review of Soho, though this really applies primarily to the lunch and happy hour menus. My first review was primarily lower rating because the service received was not very good. In fact, I think the same guy who gave us bad service that time still works there and he's still the worst waiter/waitress there, in my opinion. Luckily during the dinner hours I haven't seen him there :OThe happy hour and lunch menu are both incredible deals with very high quality sushi for an incredibly low price. In particular, the sushi lunch was 8.50 for a 4pc roll and 3 nigiri along with a side salad, rice, and miso soup. The miso soup has a subtle flavor, less salty than the norm. While rice is a good filler, it doesn't accompany a roll and nigiri well with just a salad to eat with it. All in all though, the fish on the sushi was very good and tasted fresh.The happy hour is where the best deal is though. Options include a dollar 'tada' which all have fun unique flavors with a good amount of fish, a few rolls, and some other appetizers and cooked items. My personal favorite is the salmon avocado roll, which has a surprisingly large amount of salmon. The firecracker roll is also a delicious item, as well as the black miso cod in lettuce.Overall, it's just an incredible deal for fresh sushi at an amazing cheap. Oh, and lychee infused sake is delicious!
5	We're a regular customer here, literally once or twice a week.  The Chef is so friendly he ocassionally offer us "something new to try out for free"All the stuff are friendly and attentive!Food is so amazing! We always recommend this place to our friends.. you should try salmon wasabi creme, shrimp tempura roll, and mochi! Not to mention the 4 to 6pm happy hour! :)
5	Just had dinner last night at Yonaka.  Cannot compare to SOHO. SOHO is still so much better fresher and you get your moneys worth. The atmosphere and ambience at SOHO is more of a relaxed and freindly place.
5	I was wondering what all the hype on yelp was all about. This place definitely delivered. A must-try again and again. Very helpful and friendly staff. Great quality fish.
5	When we saw all of the 5 star reviews, we couldn't help but come and check this place out.  Every time we go to Vegas we try to find a good sushi restaurant and never seem to get it quite right.  But this time we hit the Jackpot!We went on a Thursday night and there wasn't a wait.  The owner introduced himself right away and asked if we had been there before and when we said no, he immediately sent our the house special, which was delicious!  From the first bite we were in for a great night. The sashimi platter was delicious, and the pieces were bigger than any place i've been before.  It was a steal at $25.  The salmon wasabi cream was my favorite.  The owner asked if we wanted sea urchin and we declined as my BF had had a terrible experience with it before but the chef insisted on making it in a way we would like it and sure enough, it was delicious!     I'm not much of a reviewer but I left there feeling like I'd had such a great experience I had to share!  In fact, we loved it so much we brought our friends back with us on Saturday. :)  Same excellent friendly service, amazing food and a great time. Definitely worth the trip off the strip!
5	So, after seeing all of the great reviews this place had,mew HAD to try it! And I'm SO glad we did! This has got to be my new FACE Sushi spot in Las Vegas!First off, service was great & it was fun! Very attentive & on top of their game. So major kudos to them.Then, the food. This has to be one if the freshest tasting sushi I have had in a long time! Everything was great! Definitely you'll need to try from the cold menu & the traditional rolls. Seriously, everything was GREAT & everyone was AWESOME!
4	I'll make this quick. All I can say is the quality of the fish are Very fresh. Everything we ordered was really good. Service was good and the price were reasonable. Definitely coming back.
5	Wow! Vegas is just full of wonderful Japanese restaurants! I would have posted a few photos but others have already captured the greatness of this place. Not only is the quality of the sashimi out of this world but the owner is wonderful. We've been here twice and each time he has given us something special from the house to show his gratitude. :) You can't go wrong with anything you order here!
5	We have been wanting to try this place for a while because of all the great reviews on Yelp. We live on the other side of town but we finally made it in today! It did not disappoint! The staff was really friendly (Charles was GREAT!) and the sushi bar chairs were really comfy.We started with edamame which was delicious because it comes out hot and flaked in big chunks of sea salt with a sweet chili dipping sauce.We ordered the Salmon Sashimi with Wasbi Creme next and it was delicious. While we were still trying to decide what to get next, the owner and head chef John overheard us telling our server that it was our first time. He asked what kind of fish we liked and we said Yellowtail Tuna. He immediately sent out a complimentary Jalepeno Yellowtail Sashimi appetizer. It was AMAZING! The fish was really fresh and melt in your mouth. We ordered the King Crab roll which has all of our favorites; crab, avocado, cucumber, spicy tuna and FRESH HOT shrimp tempura on top. It was probably the best roll we have had in Vegas. Again, really fresh. I usually smother my rolls in sauces and jalepenos but this roll didn't need anything else! We also ordered the Spicy Soft Shell Crab roll and it was good, not as good as the first but definitely really fresh and delicious. They have small plates on happy hour too that are really good and really great priced.Overall it was a great experience and we will definitely be back, even though it is a drive for us!
5	I know understand why this place has over 500 5-Star reviews.Amazing food, amazing and fun service. Will be one of my new favorite places to go!
5	I absolutely love this place! The sushi is amazing and the staff is always friendly. They do get very busy at lunch, but that's a great sign!!
4	This is the first time we've eaten at this sushi restaurant  our old favorite closed after being open for over 20yrs. Our first experience was good and we will return. I didn't give it 5stars because the chairs are s little worn and my plate that was given was chipped but the server was good polite and fast so very good experience. Not our new favorite yet but we will see...
5	DELICIOUS DELICIOUS DELICIOUS! I had the lunch special sashimi, and it was really cheap for the quantity and quality you get. I loved their yellowtail the most. Super friendly and helpful staff as well! This place is going to be my go to spot whenever I crave sushi. PS: their oysters were good, but could be better.
2	The worst 5 star rated restaurant I have ever been to. The sushi is not fresh at all...I just dont get how people rated this place as 5 stars...
5	First time here it was highly recommended by some friends , and it defiantly lived up to our expectations . Julie was our server and she just the sweetest waitress , her knowledge of the menu and all the items she recommended were terrific . It made our experience for sure ! The food itself was to die for we had a variety of items from apps to sushi rolls , and sashimi looks like we found our new sushi spot thank you soho !
5	We tried the Chef's sampling in our group. Chef John Lee WOW us with his favorites in presentation and taste. Five star from our group. Highly recommend this fusion Japanese restaurant.
5	Soho is the kind of restaurant we need to see more of.  It reminds me of an informal Yonaka.  Now, you don't have to take that with a grain of salt!  As far as my liking, I am more comfortable and relaxed in a less stuffy atmosphere.  So I mean that utmost positively.  The quality of the meal here itself deserves a 3 piece suit.  The sashimi is 'to a T' exactly what the other reviewers have wrote about.  Sans repetition, I will agree that the fish is top tier at Soho.  Cajun Albacore had a mini taste of spice accompanied by a smooth cream and in the middle of it all was the tender melty meat.  Yes.  4/5The Black Cod luttuce wraps' flavor and texture were delicate, umami & fap worthy. 5/5[As a test of their standard fare, we ordered a traditional sushi joint roll.]  The Temura Shrimp Roll came as a surprisingly delectable entree.  I can tell that all the rice I've ever had at all the AYCE sushi restaurants before were done wrong.  No sog and definitely not a bland choice.  Go ahead order one & see for yourself. 4/5An Uni Tasting Platter of 3 different regions (30$) with 4 pieces of each was the knock out of this lunch!  Santa Barbara was the usual beige toned uni that you may be familiar with.  A bit more sea floor with this one.  Mmm.  The next was the more orange kind (I think it was from Catalina?) This was sweeter & creamier. Mmm.  Last was the real deal from Hokkaido Japan!  It was a darker reddish tone almost blood hue.  They were smaller and slighly undertone flavored.  I think there was some subtle nuances to it that I am not experienced enough to pick up on.  Mmm.  All three of us favored a different region uni.  Heh, different strokes. 500/5Lastly I'll mention the Tadas.  Ahi & avacado or 3 other assorted chunks atop a light crispy rice flat. Serious twist and seriously good with a silly cheap price.  5/5If cuisine were music, this Modern Japanese style would be my favorite genre!
5	Everybody (especially Chef John) is very friendly. I love to eat here- especially during their lunch special and happy hour! They have plethora of delicious options, and you can never go wrong. Their whole menu is on point. C'mon Vegas, we need more restaurants like Soho! Woo!
5	WOW, just amazing!!!!Great Service and especially the food!!!!! During 12pm-4pm, is their Lunch Special time. $8-10 bento set!!! (Recommend)4pm-6pm, they have Happy hour. Discounted appetizers and drinks!!! (recommend)I usually come in around 3:30ish to order lunch special, and afterwards, get some from the happy hour. So I get a little bit of both world. (Highly Recommend)Staff are always there to help for the first timer, and the owner always shows up to your table to check up on you, if its not too busy. Food is always fresh!!!! Quality you can trust!!!! I always order Teriyaki Beef from the lunch special. Cajun Albacore from the happy hour. But you are not me, so order whatever you want....you wont be disappointed!!!!
5	The place is advertised as Strip quality without the price tag. I agree. This place has one of my favorite happy hours. Happy hour is from 4-6pm. The menu has a bunch of items like sushi rolls, mini tostadas, sashimi, and appetizers around the $1-7 range. Everything here is fresh. I especially like the firecracker roll. It has spicy tuna, cream cheese, and jalapeno lightly deep fried in tempura. I normally don't desire deep-fried rolls, but the tempura casing is more crunchy than breaded. Chef Lee is absolutely friendly and makes time to meet his diners. I've been on more than one occasion and he makes it a point to remember his diners. I really enjoy this personal touch.The restaurant isn't big, but it's never been too busy to get seated. Try Soho during happy hour and if you like it, give the rest of Chef Lee's menu a shot.
5	A 5-star rated restaurant on Yelp is very hard to come by but leave it to the tourists, or wait, better yet, the locals, to lead you in the right direction when it comes to good food in Vegas. Owned by Chef John Lee with his wife who also runs the dining area of the restaurant, the place seems to have something note-worthy going on. The quality of the ingredients they use are phenomenal, not to mention the exceptional freshness and grade of their fish. Like many, I value service that's genuine and efficient as well as a price tag that doesn't hurt your wallet as much. This place has it all.ROCK SHRIMP TEMPURA ($9) started off our meal with 3 dipping sauces that accompanied it: wasabi aioli, sweet banana sesame, and garlic ponzu. If there was one dip we fought over who gets to lick the last bit of it, that'll be the sweet banana sesame. SNAPPER w/ UNI ($13) initiated our cold sashimi orders. The presentation was so beautiful that all we wanted to do was stare at it. The inevitable was bound to happen and gladly we savored each bite appreciating how the uni did not overpower the snapper. Delicious!SALMON WASABI CREME ($11) was highly recommended by our server and we took heed since we are big salmon fans. Clean flavors with a climax on the wasabi creme that sang melodiously altogether, this was easily my favorite out of all the sashimi dishes.YELLOWTAIL YUZU SOY ($12) was served with "compliments of the chef" says our dear server. It was after all one of his most popular dishes and I completely understand why. The tempura serrano, cilantro, garlic oil, ponzu, and garlic dust all worked harmoniously for the benefit of the fish. BIG EYE TUNA POKI ($15) which was a special of the evening had a lusciously melt-in-your-mouth texture that only proves how fresh the tuna is. A much bigger portion compared to the sashimi dishes was a plus.MISO MARINATED BLACK COD ($18) was cooked to perfection and was probably the best thing I ate here. So much for sharing but I'm getting an entree all to myself next time. Buttery yet flaky, black cod to me is the version of a grade-A Wagyu steak in fish.TUNA TADA ($2) would be poki tuna on a tostada shell topped with avocado and cilantro. The contrasting textures of the crunchy shell to the tenderness of the fish and creaminess of the avocado was superb. For $2 each, can I have one more please? SOFT SHELL CRAB ROLL ($9) seemed to be popular but this did not wow me in presentation, however, looks can be deceiving and I'll say it was very good. My daughter will vouch for it, too but I'm sure the spicy version of this is much better.FIRE CRACKER ROLL ($9) was my least favorite as it had cream cheese in it. Not their fault, just my preference. This had spicy tuna, jalapeno, cream cheese, sweet onion, then deep fried. Everyone else enjoyed it.   TWIN DRAGON ROLL ($15) won me over despite how stuffed I already was at this point. All the dishes we shared between 4 people but we all can't deny this roll was truly something with Alaskan King crab, spicy tuna, avocado, and tempura shrimp. Without a doubt this was the best out of the three rolls we had.MATCHA TIRAMISU ($7) ended our meal with a sweet note. Green tea soaked sponge cake and matcha sabayon topped with whipped cream were all there was to it but let your imagination run wild as to how heavenly scrumptious this really was. Leaving us with a lasting impression, this entire meal kicked-off our weekend in Vegas with a bang!
5	Great place. Very friendly staff, great prices, the sashimi and nigiri tasted fresh and delicious. We got the sashimi bento and was blown away by the portion. Only weird thing was the way they prepare hand rolls, but everything else more than made up for it.
5	Some of the best sushi I have had!  Awesome service and atmosphere.
5	OMG!!! This place freaking AMAZING!!! We went around 5:30 pm, just in time for happy hour, which we didn't know they had. To begin with, we were acknowledged & seated right away. We were pleasantly surprised about the happy hour menu & started our order w/ the albacore tuna sashimi for $5 which was explained as the happy hr version of their signature dish of yellow tail sashimi. Unbelievable! After the first few pieces another was ordered immediately. We also had the crunchy shrimp tempura roll, amazing... We continued with an order of their signature yellow tempura sashimi, which was absolutely unbelievable delicious! Spicy Salmon roll, awesome! Beef tadas, so good & ended w/ the chefs specialty steelhead trout sashimi, special belly cut served w/ pop rocks, and I have to say, I am officially in love with Soho! The reviews say it all!!! Definitely the best find & now our fav sushi/Japanese place and best of all, we live just around the corner, luck us!!!! We will def be regulars, what an awesome find!!!
5	Best Sushi ever!!! And everyone makes you feel welcome! Want good sushi? Come here! Trust me you wont regret it and I dont even like fish, but I like sushi now!
4	I've now been here 3 times and it's time for a review. When I think of sushi and don't want AYCE this restaurant does come to mind. I've been twice for happy hour. Both happy hour experiences were good in terms of service, no wait, and better price. Some happy hour items I could do without such as the sausage (too much sausage). Sounds funny but I can only take so much sausage and these are full kurobuta sausages. Ika geso is another one I could do without. For the good-the happy hour rolls, poke tostada, and the black cod lettuce wrap. Due to the good experiences the first 2 times we came back on a Friday night. It was packed and there was a long wait. They said 20 minutes but it ended up being about 35 minutes. The sashimi mixed plate was ordered and very good. I did not care for the scallop and I am usually a big scallop fan. It tasted fishy. The hamachi was very good.We got a soft shelled crab salad and I thought it was bland. This time they were busy and forgot my husband's beer and water refills. I know they were busy, but... I love their green tea tiramisu!
5	This place was great.  Beautiful and delicious rolls,  the sushi and sashimi was fresh.  Service was great and friendly.  Price was reasonable.  Drinks were delish!  You should definitely check this place out!!!
5	Wanted some sushi while in vegas so we decided to try this place since it has such good reviews. Was not dissapointed.-The food is fresh, incredibly tasty, and reasonably priced.-Staff is friendly, funny and very attentive.10/10 definitely go here!
5	after eating at a bunch of overrated, overpriced places on the strip, soho was our last stop before heading to the airport. BEST DECISION EVER. soho's salmon wasabi creme is tied for 1st place in my experience as far as the fattiest, most buttery, melt-in-your-mouth salmon sashimi i've ever had. i am not a wasabi fan at all but the flavors balanced and blended beautifully. and extra points for presentation! my friend's fiance said this dish was so good he almost cried haha. next up was the yellowtail yuzu soy, which was also incredible. i'm a bit biased though bc my love for salmon trumps all else, but this was honestly the best yellowtail i've had. flavors were light and citrusy and the flavor of the fish still shined through. the twin dragon roll (alaskan king crab, spicy tuna, tempura shrimp, avocado) was huge for the price we paid. local supermarkets where i live have dinky, terrible rolls for $8-12 and this was just a few bucks more and so so much more legit! this was my favorite roll at soho. the triple s roll (scallops, shrimp, and something else? i can't remember) was good but not too memorable. the twin dragon was definitely better! my black miso cod lettuce wraps came out after we had finished eating all the sushi and at that point i was pretty stuffed. i had an absolutely delectable miso cod dish at izakaya den in denver and was hoping for something similar but this was nothing close. the sweet sauce was too thick and heavy for the delicate fish and the hot fish on lettuce was just weird. trout sashimi with pop rocks (compliments of the chef) arrived at the end of our meal. it was perfect because we had been so curious about it when we were looking at the menu... i didn't know if it would just be an insult to the fish or somehow epic. mm it was more the first than the second. i'm glad i didn't pay $$ for it and it was definitely generous of the chef to give us the opportunity to try such a unique dish! (seems like they do that a lot-- so nice.) unfortunately, they were out of the supposedly amazing green tea tiramisu. next time!and i'm serious. i am pretty much sick of the strip but i will come back to vegas just to visit soho! sushi that's hard to beat + super reasonable prices = one of the best of the best! :) :) :)
5	Came here for birthday dinner while in Vegas. The sushi was wonderful: very fresh, great texture and beautifully presented. Service was also far above average: friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating of dietary restrictions. Good selection of sake and Japanese beer. Will definitely be back!
5	After picking up my Bay Area friends, one of them recommended we try this place out. It was the best way to start off an epic Vegas weekend. There is plenty of parking in the plaza, although some of it wasn't shaded. The dining area and restrooms were clean and well maintained. We decided to start things off with a couple of appetizers. I highly recommend the Ahi tuna tostada ($1 during happy hour). The fish tasted very fresh and overall the crunchiness of it topped it off. All of the rolls and sashimi were all fresh and presented in a beautiful fashion. I highly recommend the yellow tail! The service here was great. Our waitress was very kind and conversed with us about our upcoming weekend. We also got to meet the owner of the place and gave us a free bottle of sake! It was the best way to start off and epic weekend! Although it is a bit far from the strip, I will definitely go back to this place everytime I go to Vegas!
5	I seriously cannot get enough of this place! I was craving sashimi and dragged my boyfriend with me even though he just had AYCE the day before. We got the sashimi platter and really just sat there and took in how amazing the scallops were. It just has this light and sweet flavor to it that is something I have never had the pleasure of experiencing until Soho. We asked our waitress if we could just have 2 more orders of scallop sashimi afterward. When she came back, Chef John added a few extra pieces for us as well as the Ume scallop dish so that we could try it! And of course, uh-mazing. He stopped by our table and we gushed at how great this place was and how we are forever fans for scallops now. We came back the next day to introduce Soho to two more people and when we ordered the sashimi platter, he added more scallops for us again!I have been looking for a place to eat where they really take pride in what they do. As well as take notice to their customers. The fact that they remembered us, even if it was the very next day, really just makes this place even more attractive. I am a forever customer of Soho!
5	Hands down one of my most favorite places in all of LV! First thing you notice when you walk in is the amazing customer service. Everyone is super friendly, and not in a "I have to be" kind of way. The food is amazing. Not only esthetically pleasing, but great quality and delicious! Everything on the menu is what you would see at strip restaurants that charge twice the price. Lucky me, I eat here once a week.
5	The sashimi lunch special is a great deal. The sashimi quality were very good. The hamachi kama was of high quality too. This place rock. Will definitely be back for other dishes...
4	japanesse food is a great experience
5	Happy hour is the bomb!We pretty much ordered every thing in the happy hour menu which was wide-ranging and had an enormous choice of beverages and food items. The cost is amazing! Each food item was truly remarkable and extremely delicious. We loved everything we purchased. The demo was delightful although each dish not only tasted amazing. The service was likewise outstanding: our waiter came often check on us to see if we were doing fine and to refill our drinks. The chef also came out to talk to all of the patrons.Highly recommend!! My new favourite Japanese restaurant in town!
5	AMAZING!! Best sushi in all of Vegas..chef Jon creates the most decadent food. Since coming here and getting great service and awesome food I have not even tried another sushi home. Chef Jon is amazing to loyal custies. I've been completely satisfied since coming here. Thank you chef Jon for always taking care of me when I come in.
5	This is the best restaurant in vegas!Firstly, we were welcomed by the staff with just great smiles even thought it was like 4 in the evening when no one usually has lunch.The sushi was out of the world! You need to have the green tea tisamisu! It's just amazing.If your are in vegas, this place is a must go.
4	First timer here. I am excited the food looks and smells so good. This place is pretty busy they open up at noon I walked it 2 mins after and the place is busy. The prices r good also.
3	First off, we were drawn to this restaurant because of the 5 stars review.  After having spent $100 between the two of us with mostly Sashimi dishes I'm baffle at the 5 stars and $$ rating.  It's good but definitely not 5 stars.To be fair we did not order any sushi rolls so perhaps rolls taste better and more cost less.
5	Wow this place deserves the five stars! Best sushi I've ever had in Vegas and the best part is its a great price for high quality food. I will definitely come eat here everytime I come to Vegas! Oh and did I mention our server Charles is super awesome! He took care of everything and brought out all the best dishes. We didn't even need to worry. Love u Soho Sushi!
3	Selection of sushi is pretty short. The rolls they do have that I got to try are good though, and the guys behind the counter are cool to talk to.The California roll was sweet, which while good was not my style.
5	Five stars on yelp?! Oh em gee! Do they deserve it? Yes! The food is just as good as the service. I come at least once a week for the happy hour or regular dinner. My favorites are the trout, yellowtail, black cod, and salmon entree. Everything is so fresh!!! I think the next time I'm asked what I would want if I was stranded on an island my answer will be SOHO! Ugh so so so good!
5	What an excellent place to eat! Great food, great service, and excellent ambiance!! This is a must try. I had the firecracker role, mussels, ahi sashimi, and miso soup. Everything was very fresh and filled with so many delicious flavors I can not even describe. I am visiting from the OC so I am very familiar with fresh tasting sushi. Come try this place you won't be disappointed!
5	I've probably been here a dozen times and never disappoints. I've brought so many of my friends and colleagues and they've also returned. Quality of the food is amazing and you can't beat the price! Must order the "Tadas" during happy hour they're only $1 and man, do they pack on the fish!! I love this place and can't say one bad thing about it. Definitely a 5 star FORSURE!
4	Went for happy hour last week with a couple of friends that said we had to try this place...5 star, etc, etc, etc.  We arrived at 5pm and the place was about half full.  We were greeted immediately, and sat very quickly.  The server took time to explain the menu and all of the dishes we had questions on.  Service AWESOME!  After perrussing the menu, my wife and I decided to order the happy hour menu (yes, the whole menu.)  We love sushi, fish, and generally food itself.  Our friends looked at us surprised, and then we knew, they were not the same sushi people we were (nor the eaters like us.)  Nevertheless, the menu arrived (along with a couple of chef comps.)  We enjoyed everything on the menu, but did not consider it to be a 5 star level.  Although the food was clean and presented very well, we have had better tasting sushi elsewhere.  That is not to say that we would not come back (because we would if we are on that side of town again.)  There was a $25 sashimi platter that looked very, very good, but we did not order it on that visit.  We would recommend the happy hour for very reasonable prices, and if you are having a nice cocktail while eating.  We will definitely see you again Soho.
5	So happy to be sharing this. So happy to have found Soho. You could grill your own Shishito peppers, but you'll need Yuzu sauce as good or better than the house sauce. So order it here. Ocean trout sashimi - think Salmon and enjoy. Spicy soft shell crab roll - a bite of a twist to the typical favorite of mine. Sashimi & Shimaji with uni, a chef special round up our meal. For dessert, a Mochi trio of sesame green tea strawberry. Simple finish. Presentation, taste, texture, creative yet all worked. Service amazing. Kudos to John Lee.
5	Ok so it's not as good as I Love Sushi, that being said, it is still fantastic. They have a great happy hour, half off selected rolls and such. Everything was fresh and the waitress was very sweet although a tad slow and forgetful. I would make a special trip there but if I found myself there, I would be very happy to stop in especially if it was happy hour! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	No date? No friends? No problem!  The food and service is so good that it's worth going, even for just a table for one.I decided to check out this restaurant because it had such a high rating, and being the skeptic I am, I was looking for stuff to critique.  However, the worst I can say is that their popularity has outgrown their dining space.  Even so, the wait was still less than half an hour for a table, and it was well worth the wait.I arrived at 5:50 pm on a Saturday night, hoping I might catch a happy hour special, but the dining room was packed, and there was a wait list, so I didn't get a seat until 6:17.The servers were surprisingly quick considering how busy they were, and they were definitely on top of the drinks and meal orders.  I ordered the Garlic Shishito Peppers appetizer, and it was quite tasty.  It had a spiciness that sneaks up on you, so the first several didn't taste hot at all, but eventually it kicks you in the face if you keep going.  After researching these peppers, I found that one expert claimed 1 in 12 is actually spicy whereas the rest are generally sweet.  I think my experience was about 1 in 5...  Even when I got a spicy one though, I'd still put them below jalapenos in heat, so if you have no problems eating jalapenos, these won't challenge you.  Also, for only $4, it's a must-order for those who enjoy spicy appetizers.For my second appetizer, I tried the Hydro Bibb Black Cod (a good deal at just $7), which was possibly the most delicious appetizer I've ever had, and I'm not even exaggerating when I say that.  The fish melts in your mouth, and the lettuce and garnish perfectly complemented the flavor that was cooked into the cod.  I just wish I had taken a photo before I devoured this dish.  If you only try one thing, make it this appetizer!Next, I thoroughly enjoyed the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy Sashimi.  Like all their food, it was noticeably fresh, with perfectly flavored sauce, and as their signature dish is well worth the trip just on its own.  The only downside on this dish is that being sashimi, it is not going to fill you up, so you'll have plenty of room to order more.I enjoyed an order of the edamame with my main entrees, and it was good, but nothing spectacular: standard boiled and salted soy beans (or squeezy beans as my 7-year-old niece calls them), and it came with a side dish of a sweet sauce although I prefer to eat them as is.Finally, I ordered their signature roll, the Twin Dragon, which is definitely more of a filling main course (I couldn't finish all of mine, so I took it in a to-go box).  Its description is what you'd expect in a dragon roll: shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, avocado, and crab meat, but it's definitely one of the better dragon rolls I've had, and the double shrimp on top with their delectable sauce made it clear why this is one of their most popular rolls.
5	Go. Just. Go.  Ask your server for suggestions.  They are known for the unusual cold sashimi dishes.  We tried several and all were amazing.  The tadas were fun too!  Well worth the drive.  Easy from the strip!
5	So I've been off work randomly on the same day SOHO has been closed for the past month and finally this afternoon I got to enjoy the place. Every single thing I've read and head is true. He place is just superb. The staff is super attentive and probably the happiest, most friendly staff at a restaurant I have ever come across. I ordered just about 4 dishes at the sushi bar. The first thing was the uni sampler of 2 different types (mind you I've never thought of uni as being something I'd like because of the texture and I use to step on those bastards when surfing in hawaii) both were very fresh, smooth, and tasty like I'd never expect by looking at it. The second was the Cajun albacore on happy hour that the server, who was very friendly and sweet, suggested and was very good, not too spicy, not over seasoned. Third I got the sashimi sampler of about 8-10 pieces and wow, the presentation was great, the fish was super fresh and he cuts were huge compared to other places. Third I ordered was dessert and my god the green tea tiramisu was recommended and highly appreciated! I was so full and yet I stayed to eat every last bite of what was obviously prepared with love and skill. Best sushi I've very had and best deal. I grew up in hawaii and have had the best of the best from my Japanese heritage, yet this place gave me 5 diamond service with super good attitudes and great service for an amazing deal. Love it!
5	Delicious. . Delicious !!!! Fresh , melts in your mouth sushi.  The staff is very friendly ,  personable,  and also knowledgeable of their dishes.  Impressive
5	This review for my personal favorite Las Vegas restaurant is long overdue. Chef John and staff are doing everything right - fresh fish, amazing sauces that are so thoughtfully executed, all at moderate prices with attentive service. You can find us here at all times of the day. Their lunch menu is affordable and my husband loves their take on hamburger steak + gravy. I love coming in during Happy Hour (4-6pm) and getting a sample of everything. The usual suspects being the tostadas (hamachi being my favorite), shrimp tempura roll, cajun albacore sashimi and the miso cod lettuce wraps. If we're here during dinner, we're getting the short ribs with a side of rice, although the potatoes that come with it are really tasty too. The lobster tempura and  the rock shrimp tempura are not oily and come with really tasty dipping sauces. If you ever want extra of any sauce, don't be shy, the staff is happy to oblige.  I've never really been too big on raw fish, but Chef John does it right. We've sampled a lot of the other sashimi and fresh fish offerings here, and have yet to be disappointed. Flavors are always complex and we love that Chef John sends us new dishes to try. Even our friends from out of town ventured out to eat here and were really impressed. This place is getting more and more popular, so I would recommend making reservations. We also recently dined at Sen of Japan and were very disappointed with the food and experience (should have listened to Antonia R.'s review!). During that meal, all I could think of was how much better the food is at Soho, and how much better value you are getting for your money. Oh well, lesson learned!
5	Fantastic sushi and Japanese food! I have come here about a half dozen times and the food and service is always perfect. I drive from Henderson and it's always worth the drive. Chef John is an awesome chef and gracious host, overseeing everything at his beautiful Warm Springs and Jones location.
5	Unlike other Sushi or Asian restaurants, Soho is trendy in red-accent decor. The service is definitely one crucial factor which made its great reputation. Our server, Sheila, is attentive and knowledgeable on the food items and gave great suggestions. - UNI DUO: Santa Barbara uni is way sweeter and tastes better than Catalina Uni. Great Santa Barbara uni is a must order to me.- SHORT RIB: This popular item doesn't make a wow for me and my Asian guests. We didn't finish it. It is good, but for Asians, it's not new flavor. - HAMACHI KAMA: Juicy, tender to melt in the mouth, and with sophisticated presentation. Will come back for it.- COD: This popular item is a little too sweet for me. But my guests loved it.- UME SCALLOPS: It was fishy and the color doesn't look pleasant. I myself and my scallop-lover friend were hesitated to finish it. Sheila reflected to the Chef and removed it from our charges even we insisted there is no need to do so.- STUFFED MUSHROOMS: Very thick mushrooms and generous stuffing. 3 pieces per order.- SALMON AVOCADO ROLL: Very creamy and mellow to slide into your stomach.  - SAKE: I preferred lychee sake and my guest liked the peach sake. Both came in elegant and transparent tear-drop shape kettle. Beautiful and interesting. Will have to come back for more other items.
4	Noted for its high quality ingredients, innovative cuisine and excellent service, it was with much anticipation that we entered the restaurant at around 8PM on a recent Thursday evening.  We started off with a pair of shrimp tostadas which were made from taro.   For entrees we shared orders of sansho butter salmon with mixed root vegetables and free range chicken with garlic butter soy, pea greens and pickled vegetables. Each dish was nicely plated and portioned. The meal was closed out with a matcha (green tea) tiramisu which did little to enhance our otherwise exceptional dining experience.
5	My friend and I decided to try this Japanese restaurant after I found it on Yelp. It is a bit off from the Vegas strip area. A warning to those that do not have their own vehicle that it was a bit difficult to get a cab back. Despite any transportation issues, this the meal was completely worth it. We went for lunch and sat at the sushi bar as all of the other tables were taken. We started with a couple basic rolls as well as salmon nigiri. Each piece was excellent. A fresh as promised. I took the advice of the either reviews and tried the tuna tostada. The single best thing I ate in Vegas. The tuna was expertly cut and just the right amount of sesame. We each had a salmon teriyaki bento box. The salmon is grilled and the sauce is served on the side to allow you to choose the amount of teriyaki. The bento box includes a slaw, salad with ginger dressing, steamed white rice, vinegar cucumber salad and miso soup. Each part of the meal was lovely.The restaurant interior is very basic. The kitchen is open to the dining area and you can watch the sushi chef prepare orders. Despite how busy the restaurant was, our food came out quickly. Our server was polite and attentive. I wish Soho was closer to home!
5	Just perfect.... Wow! Just perfect in terms of delicacy, balance of taste, and freshness. In addition, what a great service! R u kidding me? Yes , I doooo recommend SOHO to everybody. Amazing food and pleasure experience.... Love love it!!!
4	I picked this restaurant because Yelp said it was wheelchair accessible and on that point-- it really isn't. My mom's wheelchair is the narrow kind as she is a petite lady and we had trouble getting to our table without having to ask every one to scoot in a bit. Plus the bathroom in the women's room-- well it's bigger and has safety bars, but accessible it ain't. I had to leave mom's wheelchair outside of the stall in order to her situated. I don't think the restaurant says they are wheelchair accessible-- yelp does, so no knock on Soho for that.I really enjoyed my meal so I would come back-- just not with my mom unfortunately. The sushi pieces were huge, but not obscenely so (you know those places) and well priced. We went for the Uni Duo and wow, that was worth it. Other than sushi we got a beef tostada that was really delicious and had great texture (although a little heat would have been nice!), and my husband really enjoyed his yakitori. Service was friendly when we could get it. May go back for a date night with the hubs and just sit at the counter.To summarize: not wheelchair friendly especially if you need to use the premises' bathroom, & sushi was fresh, well priced, and well portioned.
5	Hands down! This is the best Yelp decision I have ever made. Ever since I yelped Sushi places in Las Vegas and came across this gem, it has been nothing but amazing! The staff is super friendly and recognizes you after have eaten there a couple handfuls of times. The Happy Hour menu is small but everything is AMAZINGLY prices and I love the Sake choices! (Lychee Cold Sake is my favorite). My boyfriend and I even came here for a Non-Happy Hour dinner and everything was delicious. The chef gave us some Cajun Albacore on the house and that blew my mind. The next visit, we are letting him take control on what we eat because it was that delicious! Soho, you have customers for life!
5	Worth the drive! We've eaten at some of the finest Japanese restaurants, this rivals the best....The pairing of flavors and presentation was exceptional....Our server, Mika (sp?) was knowledgeable and guided us through the menu with great suggestions.... Don't expect the strips high-end decor & frills...This place is casual....
5	Awesome! Thatis the best way to describe it. We had several different things and each was great. Prices are add good as I have ever seen. The sashimi was the best my wife and I have ever had. A lot of food. Wait staff was helpful and explained the specials without getting irritated. If I lived in the area we would definitely be eating here regularly.
5	This was an awesome yelp find! Service was great! Our waitress was super friendly and did an awesome job helping us order. Everything we tried (all 14 dishes) were yummy and nothing disappointed. Fav is the garlic softshell crab. Hands down best softshell crab I've had and I'm from HI and eat a lot of sushi. Catalina uni was another fav. It's worth it to get it! Their homemade lychee sake was really good. Tasted like lychee and doesn't bite like some house sakes. One thing I really liked about the place was that the rolls we got that were California roll-like all had king crab in it. Will definitely put this on my list of must-eats when I'm in Vegas.
5	Sashimi platter and yellow tail yazu are delicious! The sashimi was fresh and fatty,like butter! And the platter is very reasonable. Friendly and fast service. Would definitely come back!
5	Amazing food!! Amazing atmosphere!!! Amazing service!! This place is amazing..that's nothing more to say!!!!
5	Soho was EXCEPTIONAL! The service was great, she went through the menu, including signature items, authentic Japanese items, popular items, and how the chef recommends you order. All suggestions, and other choices, were SPOT ON. The cold sashimi dishes (yellowtail, snapper, and scallops) were super delicious, the show stoppers. As were the tadas (yellowtail, tuna and salmon). Maki was great as well. Highly, highly recommend. Cheers to this chef and his staff.
5	Food and service were excellent. We tried about 9 different things, all very good. My favorites were the Yellowtail Cold sashimi appetizer and the Spicy Tuna over crispy rice. Our server, Sheila, was friendly and knowledgable.  All the servers were efficient in clearing our empty plates immediately. Would definitely recommend and return.
5	I've been here a couple of times and it was all during their happy hour except for the one time, we had it during lunch. You know what that means?! This review is solely based on those times! Happy hour is everyday from 4-6 pm and for lunch, they have pretty good specials available. First and foremost, I do suggest sitting at the bar. I normally prefer sitting at tables but the bar at Soho is amazingly spacious. It was perfect. I'm not elbow to elbow with some random ass creeping stranger :P! I've had their salmon avocado roll, firecracker roll, some appetizers, and their tadas. Their tadas are quite interesting cause it's a fusion mix of flavors on top of crispy rice and they're $1 each during happy hour so you can potentially try them all. The fish on those aren't particularly that great. Sometimes, they're actually mushy ...So they're nothing really all that special tbh but fun to try.They put a good amount of salmon in their salmon avocado roll, which surprises me. It's so simple yet so delicious. I mean, for like $4, I'll take it! The firecracker roll has a really nice blend of flavors ranging from a little sweet, a little creamy, and a little spicy. One of the most memorable moments was when we ordered one of the rolls and we requested it to be spicy, the chef gave us some of his house made ghost chili sauce. I LOVE spicy foods and boy did this sauce hit the spot. Just a tiny dab with the chopstick is all I need to set my tongue on fire....it burns so good and so delicious. Try it if you dare ;) I swear...ghost chili is sweet. Another favorite is their black miso cod in lettuce. It's pretty good except sometimes, I feel that their cod gets a little overcooked...still good nonetheless. Oh and don't forget the lychee infused sake. It completes your happy hour night for sure!
5	Was there last night 11-14-14 and it was as good as the rating.  The staff is friendly and very helpful.The would was jut outstanding.  Very unusual favors and contrasting taste.  Some of the roles , especially the crab, we're just so good I am lost for words.  Restaurant is on a side street above LV Blvd in a mall.  The chief and his staff are a well trained team and it shows in the service.  I'm going back before I head home!  Look at dates of reviews all current which tells us all that this place is hot.Did go back on 11-17-14 and it was better.  Took our time and had many items again.  Will go back next we visit LV.
5	This is my favorite Sushi place in Las Vegas.I used to be a big fan of AYCE sushi and ate at places such as Goyemon, Xtreme Sushi, Oyshi, Yama Sushi, Kaya, etc., but after eating here, none of the places come close in terms of quality fish.I've probably eaten here around 20-30 times in less than half a year, and the quality of fish is CONSISTENT. Also there lunch prices are pretty much unbeatable. 7 Pieces of Sashi, Miso Soup, Rice, Spinach / Romaine Salad, and Cucumbers for $8.50. There's also a variety of other dishes to choose from, such as chicken, beef teriyaki, and loco moco, etc.Chef John used to work at Social House down the strip, and decided to open his own restaurant a year ago. The fish he gets are the same fish that the casino gets because he uses the same supplier. After talking with John on the last visit, the tuna he buys costs him $15 per pound wholesale, and the quality is very high. Their UNI is imported from California and it costs $30 for 6 pieces, but it's a thing I'm glad to have done for my Bucket List because it was the best Uni I've ever had in my life. I've seen John on every visit, and he works there 6 days a week. He is always   cheerful and happy when making his fish, and if it's your first visit, he may come out to greet you and, sometimes, he'll send a free dish your way. How many sushi restaurants do that? I can tell you, it is very few.Also, one other thing you will notice is the way the fish is stored and wrapped. This is the only sushi restaurant that I have seen the fish wrapped in 3-4 layers of saran wrap. The wrapping is so tight, sometimes you can't tell what fish is underneath until they start unwrap. The cut for the portions are also huge compared to nigiri cuts.Little things like this tell you how they handle their fish and cleanliness.When the environment slows down, the staff is also some of the best personnel I've seen. The speed in which they respond to something is ridiculous. Several times, I broke the paper on my straw, slipped it into my drink, and the server, on her way back to the kitchen took my straw paper. The attention to cleanliness is extremely high at this restaurant. The only poor experience I had the first few times was getting my check. It always took longer than when I finished my food, but that is negligible compared to the whole dining experience. Writing this review is making my mouth water, and I'll definitely be stopping by again today!P.S. the only thing you will struggle with is the wait. If you are in a rush DO NOT GO at 5:30-6:30 PM for dinner. The wait might be 1 hour. Call in and make reservations first.
3	Mediocre food,  service "meh" , we didn't understand why this restaurant is so popular and busy.  Would give it a second chance because we had a party of 10 the first time we tried it.  Not really impressed at all and definitely disappointed after the hype.
5	Hands down one of the best sushi spots in Vegas with a great price.  Especially happy hour.  Would recommend this for anyone off the strip or consider driving out for a bit.  Worth it!
5	Unbelievable!!!! This place is a MUST when you visit LV. So fresh and delicious... The prices are amazing as well. Side note... The chef just made us yellowtail yuzu soy sashimi.. Please try this. Yellow tail, tempura Serrano, mico cilantro, garlic oil, ponzu and garlic dust. What!? Yes!! Again. Please try this!!
5	Stupid good. It was Saturday during Happy Hour and they were packed. I sat at the bar and the owner told me all about his humble successes while diligently slamming out order after order with his team. He gets to know people and you can tell his customers and staff matter to him. So many regulars came in and they addressed one another by name. The restaurant smelled clean and was clearly very welcoming. I got the Firecracker roll and tadas. The sushi was so fresh. I was nervous about the fusion of flavors but everything was delicate, distinct and perfectly matched. I'll definitely be back for more! And soon!
5	This place was so good I went there 2 nights in a row convincing my friends it was worth the trip off the strip.
5	We didn't expect much walking in here but was blow away with the sushi and service...our server Mika is great she's very informative, tentative  and friendly. We will definitely return....
5	First time in a while I've seen a 5 star rating for a restaurant so I decided I should really try it out before having to go back to brutal wintertime Chicago.I'm a business owner myself so first thing I noticed is from the outside the place doesn't look too impressive. Typically I would feel a bit iffy about going to a sushi joint in a strip mall, but I knew the reviews had to mean something and luckily the inside was much better. Nicely designed dining room and an open kitchen with a small sushi bar near the back. Overall the restaurant was a lot smaller than I had imagined.Service 5/5 It was really good for a local restaurant, server was very helpful in making recommendations and asked how everything was multiple times and never had to ask for anything really. Im really critical when it comes to customer service since I have to yell at people for giving bad service on a daily basis and I couldn't find anything to nitpick. Our waitress was a Korean girl who spoke Korean to us so maybe I was a bit biased..Food 5/5We had 3 cold dishes.Trout with pop rocks (I know.. Wtf?) but it was surprisingly really good and the shit pops in yo MOUFSome white fish I don't remember with soy ponzu sauce with deep fried Serrano chiles. This was my favorite cold dish.And the Uni trio which unfortunately turned into the Uni duo because they were out of the Hokkaido uni (the best one damnit!) but the other two types from Cali were still fuckin good. It is Uni after all.Also had soft shell crab warm dish which is deep fried soft shell crab on a ponzu dressing salad which was good as you could imagine.Next we had the dragon roll? It was king crab tuna and avocado topped with shrimp tempura with a spicy sauce which was probably the best roll I've ever tasted in life.THEN we got the sashimi lunch box and the chicken katsu lunch box which were both legit especially the chicken katsu, that was the crispiest thickest chicken katsu I've ever had.All this was for me and my mom by the way which is absolutely absurd now that I'm actually typing what we ate.
5	I'm so happy they are in my neighborhood. What a great happy hour. Although a few more beer selections would be nice. The tadas at a dollar each are your best bang for the buck. Calamari is top notch too. I only wish I could have tried the shishito peppers on the special board, but they were 86ed.The service was fantastic, but living in Vegas you expect that everywhere. So par for the course. We really do have it good in this city.
5	Everytime I come here, I have something new and it's something I just feel the absolute NEED to review and give 5 stars to. This time around after a morning hike, BF and his roomies stopped in for lunch. My everlasting indecisiveness had me choosing between the Soho loco or the *off menu* salmon skin bowl that Chef previously made me. After the 4 boys made their lunch orders, to my shock, I ordered the sushi set lunch special...just because I never had it before. It came out, and I was pleased with the thick cuts of sashimi and tempura sushi. I was quite full when the hamachi kama (I forgot we ordered) came out. HOLY COW! Literally, it was a cow. Thick piece of yellowtail collar, basically the size of a T-bone steak. I was so impressed because I've only ever seen small size of collar. Truth be told, someone told me that's the size of real collar and the small ones are the frozen ones -- who knew?! I was soooo ridiculously full after that hamachi kama that kanak attack hit me and I was asleep for hours after I got home. Phew!
4	Food prices, great.  Food fresh and ono.  Staff, awesome and friendly.   Always come here with friends and coworkers
5	Amazing food! Super fresh and incredibly welcoming staff. Sheila was our waitress and one of the best I've ever had in my lifetime. Every single item we ordered was absolutely delicious.  Will definitely come back again soon!
5	Well worth the cab ride. This place has the best sushi in Vegas! I called ahead for a party of 5. The staff was friendly and fun. Will be making a point  to come back on my next trip. Loved It!
5	SO good.  I didn't really know what to expect of a sushi restaurant with such high ratings on yelp (aside from "oh no, this may be horribly disappointing..") but I am VERY pleased to say that it lived up to all of the hype around it.The fish here is SO FRESH.  Best fish I have had to date.  The chef orders fish fresh daily from the best places in the world, and oh my goodness it shows.We got a large variety of appetizers + two rolls.  Their menu changes sometimes based on what they have in, so I'd highly recommend that you ask the server what's new.  She pretty much picked our entire order that day, and she did an amazing job.
3	11/17/14 Sashimi  were good.Sushi  a little bite small bite to me.But when I order beef Tartar I expected steak Tartar like (Raw) but what I got was cook ground hamburger meat on taco shells.That was ruin my early dinner.Service was good I think they have about 15 people working per shift So how could it be bad.
5	We are totally hooked!  I have yet to have something that I don't like here.  It's pretty busy and they don't take reservations so be prepared to wait if it's at a prime time.  The pan fried broccoli is a must!  And the tuna box sushi AND the firecracker roll.  oh - and yellowtail sushi.  Just get it all!
3	Got shrimp tempura roll. Was pretty good. Got a fire cracker roll it was yummy because I tasted the spice. Got tempura shrimp with tempura veggies. Pretty good price because happy hour. Whole bill was about 25.
5	Found the reviews on yelp where very good so after just arriving into Vegas we cabbed it to the restaurant, the ride was a bit longer then expected ($20.00) but ended up being well worth it.  Staff very friendly and knowledgable. Very nice to see their excitement In the food they where serving and confidence in the chefs creating the dishes. We tried several of the cold app's and even given one complementary dish because they really want us to try it.  The Albacore seriously melted in my mouth. We also ordered a California roll and was not disappointed.  We where also given a complementary desert for our 20 th anniversary by the owners that was very good and great end to a great meal.  Worth the trip out and highly recommended from two people who love their sushi.
5	Awesome sushi! A true local spot with great local vibe and attitude. The service was perfect and the food came out fast and fresh. I'll be sure to come to this place at least twice a month, if not more. Definitely the best sushi spot in the area.I recommend having your waiter choose what dishes to order ...omakase!
5	Welcome to Vegas Friday Lunch Nov 7My wife and I came here after long drive from Chino based on the reviews. I wanted to eat a light meal since we had dinner plans that day. The waitress helped us with our selections we asked which was their most popular menu items. She pointed us to their Twin Dragon Roll $15 and their Tadas $2 ea. Tuna, Yellowtail, Shrimp or Salmon. We ordered the tuna, and yellow tail tadas 2 each and also shared the Twin Dragon Roll $15. The tadas- wonton chips topped with an avocado sauce under the Fresh Tuna or Fresh Yellow tail, were very good the tuna and spices were very refreshing while the yellowtail had a good tangy tasty flavor. They were so good I had to order more. The Twin Dragon roll was OK- Alaskan King crab, spicy tuna, avocado, and tempura shrimp. Dont take my word for it though, im not a big fan of tempura shrimp on top of rolls, just too bready for me. I will be back for more Tadas though and to sample other items on the menu as we were having a light lunch.I also ordered a beer waitress asked if I wanted another I declined to my surprise she mistakenly brought it out. I informed her, she said no worries my mistake on the house. Very nice attentive. She also let us know the tadas are only $1 during happy hour, Ill be back next time and fill my table with tadas. Prices were great, Service was great, Quality Superb- overall great dining experience look forward to coming back next time in Vegas.
5	This place is AMAZING! My husband and I fancied sushi when we were in Vegas over the weekend. Based on Yelp reviews, we decided to try it out. The place is very busy but definitely worth the wait. Our server, Mika, was super friendly and very efficient - she even gave us a complimentary plate of sashimi! Sushi there is very fresh. Also the lychee sake is amazing, I could've drank it all night long. The highlight of our meal was definitely the green tea creme brulee! We both love creme brulee but this was simply to die for, we ordered one to share after sushi as we were so full but we wish we ordered at least one each! We highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be back.
5	OMG! I hate to write a review of this place because it's so good that I don't to ever have to wait for a table. It's rare that you see a 5 star rating  on yelp with a LOT of reviews, so we had to try this place and I'm proud to say they deserve it. The food is fabulous. What I love is that everything had it's own distinctive flavor. So often you go to a sushi place and they use the same sauce on everything. We went during happy hour and ordered just about everything on the happy hour menu. Needless to say we couldn't finish everything but we came close and it was under $50 for both of us. The service was the best I've ever experienced in any asian restaurant, you know how bad it can get. I will definitely go back next time i'm in vegas.
5	One can easily distinguish Soho from any other typical local sushi spot. Their menu serves up the most unique style of modern Japanese that you'd only expect to eat at an on-strip five star establishment. The saying is true "...never eat sushi on a Sunday." Fish markets are closed therefore the sushi establishments cannot serve fresh fish. Chef John, a former executive chef of City Center's Social House, is a dedicated restaurant owner who is working the kitchen every day but Sunday. He serves his customers nothing but the best with the freshest ingredients. This is, by far, my favorite local restaurant; not just for sushi! I came here for the first time a little over a year ago and immediately fell in love. Chef John blew us away by serving us a complementary yellowtail sashimi as welcoming us to his restaurant. At the time, I wasn't big on raw fish but was always open to trying new things and glad I did. Since then, I became what some would call a "real" sushi eater. Now all I want is the raw stuff! Soho has spoiled me with the freshest fish that I no longer like having it anywhere else. To be honest, I get grossed out. You can really taste the difference. In addition, the hospitality cannot be beat. I feel like I'm walking into a good friend's home every time I enter their dining room. I'm greeted with the same happy faces and there is Chef John hard at work in the kitchen. My husband knows almost every time he asks me where I want to eat what my answer will be. Yup, that's how much I love this place! P.s try the Ocean Trout with pop rock candy and the Yellowtail topped with fried Serrano peppers!
5	5 stars on over 600 reviews?! This place deserves it...Chef John is awesome and really cares about putting out good food and giving 5 star service. All of the servers here are on their A game and the food is delicious! Prices here are very fair, too. Check out their happy hour from 4-6pm for great deals!
5	This is now the only sushi restaurant my wife and I go to. It's on the pricey side but very much worth it. Everything is ver fresh and outstandingly delicious. Can't go wrong with this place!  Their reputation and a five-star rating are very much deserved.
5	I wish there was a 4.5 rating.The food is great. There were some dishes here and there, that I thought didn't have the magic flavor fusion. But the majority of the dishes did.The presentation of the food is great. My favorite order is the Ocean Trout with pop rock candy. A must try!The lunch here is great for the price ($8 i think) but it's no where near as good as the dinner items. I've gone here during lunch time and just ordered off the dinner menu since it's so much better. Dinner menu is of course more expensive, but worth it!
5	The perfect blend of high quality ingredients, incredible service, good company as a Tuesday evening left me mesmerized. Why don't I come here more often? I have been here multiple times and each time is consistently amazing. Tonight we were offered "Omakase" meaning "Chef's choice" in Japanese for a VERY reasonable price, which was less than half of what I paid at my last Omakase experience a couple months ago at another Japanese joint. Ordering this way is almost like getting the freshest prix fix menu where the food comes out in courses. There were cold appetizers, hot ones, grilled treats, rolls, frozen dessert...the list goes on. One of our friends had a good allergy to garlic and the Chef did a great job of accomodating her.Try SOHO out during Happy Hour (4-6PM everyday) and you will be hooked, then come back for the Omakase for dinner or special occasion.
5	I've had the pleasure of coming back here a few more times and I have yet to find a better sushi restaurant at an affordable price. But what is "better?" Sushi might be one of the most polarizing foods based on the least amount of sound logic, reasoning, and education. I can tell you my definition, though: quality and intent. Authenticity should only be judged if authenticity was claimed. Soho consistently provides top quality with design encompassing beauty, flavor, and often contrast.Pro-tip: Happy hour is amazing. 4-6pm, and delicious.- Salmon avocado roll. Such a simple roll, but with a generous amount of quality, fatty salmon without overloading on rice. I love this.- Stuffed mushrooms. I'm not sure I'd get this again, but there is chicken stuffed in a mushroom, battered, and fried til it's crispy. Not bad, but there are better choices.- Firecracker roll. Tuna roll, lightly battered and fried, with pickled onions on top. Almost a hybrid of a sushi roll and greasy bar food. Definitely would go with a beer. Not my favorite, though.- Soho maki. Basically, mega long lumpia/egg rolls. A novel, almost hilarious modification to make a simple appetizer interesting. If this is your thing, you'll love it.- Cajun albacore sashimi. If you don't order this during happy hour, something is wrong with you. An extremely generous helping of cajun albacore laying on a bed of shredded radish and a spiced sort of mayo. Loved this.- Ika geso. As chef John says, a great beer food. Octopus fried to a hard batter shell. It adds a great contrast to the chewy sea creature. Served with a side of yellow curry sauce. This is really fun to eat!- Tako and hamachi tadas. These are a dollar each during happy hour and worth a try but mostly forgettable. Interesting concept, but I think they can use a bit more punch.- Chef special salmon belly. Thinly sliced salmon topped with ingredients I can't remember. I can tell you this: delicious. Mega soft and melt-in-your-mouth goodness paired with a beautiful presentation.- Miso cod. This is the cod used in the hydro bibb dish. After trying the hydro bibb, you'll want this. It is an extremely tender slice of cod, marinated and cooked perfectly. Falls apart to your fork. I love this dish.- Lychee sake. Tasty! Not too sweet with just enough lychee flavor. It's presented nicely with the sake in a small glass container within a larger glass container filled with ice.From my last review:Garlic shishito peppers - Plenty of peppers here with a dusting of garlic. They are tender and delicious. I love these peppers anyway so it was a treat to have a handful more.Yuzu soy yellowtail - delicious! Refreshing citrus flavor with fresh fish. The sliced jalapeno on top was lightly fried as a crunchy contrast to the smooth fish.Hydro bib black cod - as Philip said, this is a tease. The cod was creamy and delicious. Served warm on a cool and crispy leaf of lettuce and light toppings. Loved it.Ocean trout - if i remember this - the pop rocks were the highlight. You can hear them already. Squeeze some lemon over this dish and hear them crackle more as you take a bite. Very salmon-like in flavor and texture.Tuna tataki - as you would expect, seared tuna with a light sauce of soy and sesame oil (as I recall...). shredded daikon and garlic on top. A tasty near-ending to our dinner.Tuna box sushi - rectangular sushi. The bottom was crunchy with... things. The inside was avocado and tuna. On top, shrimp and a sauce that had some bite to it. It was a tasty and smooth sushi roll.Yeah, I'm a fan and I'll be back for happy hour over and over again.
4	With all these five star reviews for Soho, I had to visit.  We went for lunch the very first time and let's just say I was not too thrilled about the whole experience.  It wasn't even worth writing a review in my opinion because lunch was boring.  I honestly had no intention of returning, but Soho's reviews just kept getting better and better.  This time, we made a point of coming for dinner because that's where all the unique offerings happened.  (Since our first visit, I think they do offer more of their exciting menu items during lunch time.)The Lunch Experience:The Husband got the Loco Moco Lunch Seto "Soho Blend Seasoned Hamburger Patty" ($8.50).  * Sashimi Lunch Seto "Chef's Choice" ($8.50)The lunch menus offered were disappointing and they didn't look that special either.  I went to check it out during its first month when all the rave reviews were happening. I was very disappointed, especially when only up the street is an awesome Japanese bento lunch special that I truly love.  A few months go by and Soho is still blowing up, so we decide to give it a try and make sure that we make it over for dinner. The whole experience was a complete 180.  The dinner menu cannot compare to the lunch menu at all!  Lunch is a 2-3 experience and dinner is a 4-5 experience.The Dinner Experience: We ordered mostly from the Special Cold Dishes and what a treat they were.  Yum  yum.  The owner was about to come to our table during our first visit, but a bunch of his former colleagues all walked in and he never had a chance to return.  This time he chatted with us and sent over a comped dish and just made the effort on building a more personal experience and customer base.  I really appreciate the effort.I think their lunch offerings have since changed and they are allowing you to order other things besides their basic lunch menu.  Thank goodness.  Would hate for people to judge this place based on their original lunch menu. Bleh.These are the yummy dishes we ordered: * Salmon Wasabi Creme ($11)* Yellowtail Yuzu Soy ($12)* Ume Scallop ($12)* Miso Marinated Black Cod ($18)* Sea Urchin Sashimi ($9)* Spicy Salmon Handroll ($4)* White Fish Shiso Pesto Tostada ($2)* Wild Saba* Hamachi Salsa Verde Tostada ($2)and two other specials that I can't remember the name of but it looked and tasted awesome.Presentation is definitely something to write home about and everything tasted fresh.  It was just a really great experience coming for dinner. We definitely plan on going there again during dinner time!
5	Can't say much more than everyone else has on here.Happy hour is a tremendous value.Everyday prices are also under norm for such high quality sushi.And our wait staff is always A+++!
5	Stopped in last trip to Vegas a year ago & everything was top notch.  Sitting in Toronto Airport reading the reviews & can't wait to make this our first stop again!  See you this afternoon!J&R
5	Really great place!!! Everything is awesome, the food, the service, and the happy hour deals!
5	I have been eating sushi for a long  time and this is some of the very best I have had in any state.  They care about presentation, quality, and the portions are generous.  What more can I say.  Everyone cares and this is worth the wait.  If you sit at the sushi bar ask for John and Nunu for a superb experience!!  We have been twice this week! And will certainly be going back soon!!! I hesitate on the "price range " question because it depends on you.  The happy hour is a great deal and the quality does not waver on this menu....Unlike many other sushi bars. This is an amazing spot! Period!!
5	Loved this place! The owner, John, served us our sushi and it was fabulous. Super fresh fish and the specialty sushi rolls were amazing! I highly recommend this place for sushi...and I'm a sushi freak!
5	Absolutely the best sushi place in Vegas! Get the sashimi and short rib! Ask for Jon!!
5	This place is awesome.  Fresh fish.  Excellent service.  I promise you will not be disappointed.  I will definitely go back next time I am in Las Vegas.
4	more around a 3.5. Service was prompt and friendly.  I had no wait on a weeknight. This restaurant is more fusiony, but I would recommend you stick with sashimi or rolls. We ordered with our eyes rather than our stomachs and couldn't finish. The Alaskan King Crab tempura was too greasy and had too much batter. The batter was just so overwhelming, I couldn't taste the crab! I had one piece and let my friend eat the rest. We ordered a sashimi appetizer of snapper topped w/ uni. Extremely fresh and very tasty. Also ordered the 12 pc sashimi and everything was fresh. I was a fan of the spicy tuna w/ crispy rice roll, but my friend said he found it to be too dry. My only quip with it was that it's hard to eat and falls apart immediately, boo! We had 2 rolls that I can't recall.. but they were just ok.The hamachi kama was also just ok. I felt it could've been grilled a bit longer, and I didn't like the dipping sauce. Normally, the sauce that comes on the side is just ponzu  but theirs tasted like something is added to it. We got the matcha tiramisu and I honestly felt we could've done without that too.
4	Good food, excellent service - very accommodating! Ordered muso soup, Spicy tuna roll, spider roll and Coconut shrimp yumm!
5	I use Yelp when I travel for work all around the country.  I even try--and hope--that it works when I travel internationally, but to no avail.In any event,  this is my first review that I've written on Yelp.  I've been to SOHO 3 times and I live right down the road.  Every time is better!I'd tell you what I had, but I almost order the whole menu.  Just go.  It's the best seafood I've had in years, and I'm from Boston!
5	After stopping by this place three times, I think it is a fair time to write a review and I have one thing to say: Everything here is consistently delicious! The food here is always fresh and beautifully prepared. Chef John is amazing and makes wonderful sushi/sashimi, not to mention that he is super nice. He ended up giving us platter of free salmon sashimi after finding out that I am a big fan of salmon! The servers here are also friendly despite being such a busy restaurant. Definitely my favorite sushi restaurant from here on out. I highly recommend everyone to try their sashimi; I have never tasted more fresh and delicious sashimi in town. So far I have tried the Salmon Wasabi, Yellowtail Yuzu, and Garlic Seared White Fish --- all wonderful. I'm now making my way to try every sashimi offered on the menu (and special menu)!
5	Very attentive staff, super helpful and friendly. We had to wait about 5 minutes for a table on a Friday night which is excellent.The fish is exceptional, fresh and beautifully prepared. The owner sent two dishes for us to try, scallops and sashimi. Both were excellent and a delightful surprise. This is a great place to take friends or families.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover!The outside and inside looks kind of shabby. Also the location doesn't look that good... but the food totally makes up for that. I could not believe that I could eat Japanese food this good outside of Japan! It was just amazing. Every dish was spot on... Also the speed of the service and the freshness of the food was excellent.If you like Japanese cuisine, I would visit this place.
5	Reasonable Prices, Tasty DishesThe executive chef used to work at social house and borrowed some of the recipes.  The fish tasted fresh and the combinations of flavors worked.  The prices were very reasonable, and the restaurant was causal.  It was a nice location for a first date, and I would go back again.
5	Great food! Excellent customer service...thank you Sheila and Michelle!We are from the Bay Area and have been in search for great sushi and Japanese food. We found it.
5	Wow . We are still learning the area and haven't had sushi in a while so I checked the places near here , I agree with every good review on here , this place is awesome !! Vegas is very saturated in Asian cuisine if it's ramen, sushi , or Chinese , as far as sushi goes this place takes the cake we had a few waiters I didn't get all there names but asu (probably misspelled) was very nice , everyone was in fact , I had the twin drgaon roll and a couple tapas which are like Japanese nachos and everything was awesome , will def come back !
5	We visited this place when we were in Vegas back in April and when we went back from Dec 18 to Dec 23 we stopped by here 3 times to get our Soho sushi fix.  Everything is super fresh, tasty, innovative and very reasonable.  Much of what I want to say has already been said by others multiple times.  I tried uni for the first time and loved it.  It had no fishy taste I was expecting, and I'm sure it's because of how fresh it is.  I'm afraid to try it elsewhere now.  I love chef John's infectious laugh, he's so friendly and always welcoming.We tried so many things from the red snapper with uni, to trout with pop rocks, the hamachi kama, crispy tuna roll, the new scallop dish, black cod with miso, assorted sashimi platter, the sake, mochi, green tea tiramisu, and a whole bunch more and nothing was disappointing, we loved it all.
5	Everything about this place is amazing. Every item on the menu is to die for. Can't say enough great things about this place! YUM! GO THERE NOW!!!
5	A local gem that I am soooo sad I didn't find sooner.  I literally went three times in one week.Chef John Chien Lee, owner and former Social House chef, is a master at his craft even after sharing a large sake (Orka ginju $60 very tasty) he didn't miss a beat.  Watching the staff behind the sushi bar was like watching a well oiled machine.  Nunu was to John's left (one time JJ gave Nunu the day off) and was the perfect team.Ordered their Triple S Roll ($15 - shrimp, scallops, spicy tuna, tempura white fish and asparagus)  I also ordered nigiri - octopus, spicy scallops, akodai snapper and halibut.  Very fresh and not a puny cut.  They also have specials not on the menu.  I had their Monk Fish (yuuummmm) with ponzu sauce and taro root chips.  Everything served was fresh, great portion size and reasonably priced.The have a special dessert chef bake specifically for them  My party had the Matcha Tiramisu ($7) which is a green tea soaked sponge cake (I took a picture and already posted it).  The menu described a "Matcha sabayon" which when I asked John what that was - he sweetly giggled and said he didn't know.  Cute.  Another catch was an item on the menu described as a "field octopus."  An obvious typo but also too cute.I will be back!
5	This place is by far the best place for sushi in Las Vegas!  Quick and helpful service during weekday lunch hour. I'd recommend trying more than just the rolls - some beautiful and delicious food awaits!
3	There's nothing really special about this sushi place. It's just like the other sushi restaurants that you would go to, except this one is just on the southwest side.
5	1st time trying out this place after reading reviews on yelp.It's more like 4.5 stars. Service was prompt and got seated right away (with reservations) if not, there is definitely a wait. Waitresses were attentive (6 waitresses in a smaller sized restaurant)Sashimi was good, rolls were good, SOFT SHELL CRAB was excellent.1/2 lost was due to the AMA EBI, have had better (more fresh elsewhere)5 adults and 1 kid for 300.00 including tip. Expect good food = bigger tab = not completely full but satisfying. WILL RETURN next time I'm in Vegas! Thanks Guys!
4	We arrived at around 12:30pm and the wait was about 15mins. There Lunch Specials are pretty cheap, $8.95 for an entree which came with salad and miso soup. We also had the Yellowtail Yuzu Soy, the Ume Scallop and the Sunny Salmon Roll. Everything was really good.
5	Amazing food!  Always come here for their fresh sashimi and very tasty food.  The owner is very hands on and actually remembers his loyal customers.  A must have while in Vegas!
5	Choose the Chief Choice!
5	SoHo is an superb Japanese fusion restaurant with great service in affordable price. All the cold platters are delicious, especially snapper, scallop and beef. Draft sapporo and sake are highly recommended with the meal. The servers and owner are very friendly, different from other Japanese restaurant with Chinese owner. 5 stars for SoHo.
3	A good sushi spot, but not deserving of many of the rave reviews here.  I suspect groupthink and good marketing are responsible.Ambiance: Strip mall sushi spot.Crowd: East Asian college students taking constant photos.Menu: Americanized Japanese food.Service: UnmemorableFood Ordered: Sake nigiri, spicy tuna roll, and soft shell crab tempura roll.Food Quality: The salmon was flavorless.  The spicy tuna roll was good, but unbalanced.  The soft shell crab tempura roll had no crab taste.  Overall, I was somewhat disappointed given the reviews.Value: Exactly as expected.
4	This restaurant is outstanding!  The price is unbelievable for the quality!  You will not regret giving this place a visit!  The sushi is fresh...and we've tried most sushi restaurants in there area and the service is fantastic!  I cannot recommend this place enough.
4	Our first meal at Soho we were a group of 11. We did our homework before hand and made sure to get there in time for the happy hour specials. Good thing we went early! There was plenty of room at 5pm but by 530 it was packed with a wait. It's a pretty small place.Our server was outgoing, funny and very knowledgable about the menu. He had great recommendations on what to order and the best way to do it. The happy hour menu is great! Lots of good stuff at great prices. Every piece of fish was fresh and well prepared. We did order some regular menu items and were not disappointed. Prices are very reasonable and again, high quality. The only 2 things I didn't love were how cold it was in there (felt like AC was blowing) and they're a Pepsi place (personal preference- Coca Cola all the way :)Go for happy hour and try it in for size!
3	Not a bad place but much overprice considering quality of food and service... At least not qualified for more than 3 stars... / During this holiday season, I found Oyshi Sushi nearby is much better for my taste.
1	Saw the good reviews and decided to try it out. Quality of the food and service wasn't that great... I guess I'm just use to the savory flavors of California sushi. Not my cup of tea.
1	Nah! I'm sorry I don't see why everyone gives this place a high rating... I guess being from Cali-we know what sushi is supposed to taste like. Yes I know! Pinky in the air :)
5	Please note that this review is just for the lunch special. Vegas folks can be pretty damn snobby when it comes to sushi (and food in general) because let's be honest -- this is one of the food capitals of the world and we have endless choices. I've been here twice for lunch and the service has always been great and the food phenomenal. Their special is $8.95 for the "typical" dishes you'd find for lunch specials -- sushi, chicken teriyaki, salmon, etc -- HOWEVER, everything is just upgraded several notches. The sushi is the freshest I've ever seen for the price and everything from the pickled salad to the green salad side dishes are just more tastier and fresh. And the price -- it's really a steal that I am super happy with. Definitely a restaurant on my list to come back to.
5	My new sushi delight. A must try for any sushi and sashimi lover.Must try the sashimi plate!!!This is quality over quantity. Quick and energetic staff. Delicious high quality food. Knowledgeable service. Decent pricing. Excellent atmosphere. Good environment. Super friendly!Would highly recommend to beginners and veterans of sushi
5	I wish I could give them more stars! The best quality in town. Hands down. We had a beautiful sashimi platter and with a boyfriend who is from Japan it's pretty hard to impress him with any Japanese restaurant. He even said it's the best sushi he's had since moving to the states 10 years ago!
5	I love this place, amazing Japanese fusion food.The service is some of the best as well.My favorite are "beef tataki" and "plum scallop" must try it!I would go back again!
5	#1 sign that this place would not disappoint? We walk in at around 1:30pm and this place is PACKED. I was pleasantly surprised by this find on Yelp. This place is so awesome, we had to come twice on our short Vegas NYE trip. This will forever be my first stop whenever in Vegas!This beats any sushi restaurant or buffet on the Vegas strip, so if you've stumbled across this restaurant like me, consider yourself lucky. The quality of sashimi is amazing! Everything melts in your mouth, and the prices are really decent. They offer amazing bento lunch specials, too. I love my sashimi so I got the sashimi bento both times I was here. They also have appetizers called "Tadas" which are little sashimi appetizers on top of crispy gyoza wrappers. Definitely worth a try! Or like me, order one (or a few) of everything.Lastly, Green Tea tiramisu is not to be missed...that is if you still have room in your stomach. Can't wait to come back next time.
5	This place is amazing...I come to Vegas for CES every year and this is now my goto place.... chief John is a master at getting flavor to your table..nothing is bland about this place.... I eat  sushi very often and I must say that the taste and value of this place is right on point...You might have th wait a little bit but it's worth it....
4	I came here during Happy Hour. Ingredients were fresh and everything was well made.  I've tried just about everything on the Happy Hour Menu. The dishes that stood out to me were the yellowtail in yuzu sauce, soho egg rolls, and the tostadas. The staff was friendly and attentive. I'd definitely come back.
5	Great deal and delicious food! Came here on a night during CES, enjoyed the yellowtail yuzu, softshell crab spicy roll, the uni (we didn't spring for the "uni trio" which looked pretty cool but we passed on this), and a few other items. The miso cod was excellent as well. Really well-priced for what you get, highly recommend if you are in Vegas. It's a bit of a drive away from the strip but totally worth it.
5	Incredible! Try the Pop Rock trout - sounds insane but is fantastic,The Yellow tail sashimi with deep fried Jalapenos also super fresh and delicious.I had the Shrimp tempura - with three dipping sauces to great.But the highlight for me were the amazing little tostadas - I had a white fish one with Shiso pesto INCREDIBLEAnd the shrimp and mango - also perfectly balanced and you just want to order ten more! If you're in Vegas check this place out - no ambiance in a shitty little strip mall but SO worth it!
4	Read the yelp reviews and finally made it!The place itself is nothing special with disappointing decor but it's all about the food and service so the good news is that both were great! We arrived a few mins after happy hour ended and our server told us the unfortunate news. Luckily the girl next to her saw me take out my yelp app and came right over to ask, is it your first time? We'll extend it for you...:) Woo hoo! We were thrilled because we wanted to try happy hour out first! Started with the tuna tostada, amazing! Sweet and fresh and the perfect way to start our meal! Also a very delicate & modern presentation. Next came the stuffed mushrooms, not a fan at all. The flavors were ok but the breading was dense and the bites were heavy. I didn't enjoy it.Next came the Cajun albacore sashimi. My favorite dish of the evening. So fresh and delicate and very mild in flavor. Like butter...Next the cod, my second favorite item. It was cooked perfectly, sweet & tender. Next the firecracker roll. Great combinations of flavors with sweet onions on top and over all a very well balanced roll. Crunchy, creamy, sweet & spicy.Next the Ika Geso, octopus! It was tossed an a very addicting curry powder! And lastly a spicy tuna roll, filled with tuna! And a shrimp tempura roll. Both were great!All this delicious food was only $40 for happy hour! An incredible value and over all a very good time! Hope someone comes in with some decorating skills or I'll do it on trade :)Can't wait to go back & try the regular menu!
5	This place is outrageous! You must try the..I think it's called the White Peach Sake and try the Lychee Sake. Change my life.
5	I rarely go to the same restaurant twice a month, and going to one twice a week is unheard of, but I loved SoHo Japanese Restaurant so much that I went two consecutive days in a row - I would have gone for three, but we were already on our way back to LA!  During both visits we took advantage of their happy hour offerings and were blown away by the taste, generous portion, and inexpensive how bill ended up being. Honestly, it doesn't get any better than this. Below were the items we sampled. **Note*** Items listed were from two separate dinning experiences, but some items ordered did overlap       HAPPY HOUR MENU (4pm-6pm)-Cajun Albacore Sashimi ($5): Thin sashimi slices with a mayo based sauce is a great way to start your meal.    -Ika Geso ($4): Calamari accompanied with a flavorful yellow curry sauce. It was cooked perfectly unlike many restaurants that tend to over-fry theirs. Definitely a worthy order. -Salmon Avocado Roll ($4): Chef John was incredibly generous with the amount of salmon he stuffed into these rolls and get this... you get 8 pieces. Seriously? That's like $.50 per piece. And no it's not anything like gas station sushi, this is high quality fatty salmon that just melts in your mouth. Excellent - we actually ordered two servings (on both visits), and we'll definitely order this again and again in the future -Hydro Bibb Black Cod ($4): I'd like to think of this as a Japanese Fish Taco with the Bibb Lettuce acting as the tortilla and the grilled black cod as the protein. The fish just melts in your mouth, it's soooo good. Two thumbs up!   -Tada Salmon ($1): Guacomole, salsa, and salmon over a flat chip. It was good, but I think you'd be better off ordering the Salmon Avocado Roll.  -Baked Mussels ($5): Also good, but to be honest I can't remember much about it.    REGULAR MENU -Golden Ocean Trout with Pop Rocks($11): It's like a full blown party in your mouth. So if you're fearless this is your ticket to super stardom and the salmon was so fatty and delicious. Love!    -Flying Fish Roll ($15) - This was a simple tuna and salmon over sushi. The presentation was modern and taste was solid.  -Uni Duo w/ Santa Barbara and Catalina ($20): To be honest, I am a novice when it comes to uni. I really liked the Santa Barbara, but I couldn't say the same for the Catalina. The Catalina is a bit more gritty, whereas the Santa Barbara was much smoother. Nevertheless, both were very fresh. -Kumoto Oyster wiyh uni ($6): Hands down the best dish of the night. The oysters were so incredibly juicy without tasting fishy and combined with the roe and uni - it was magical. I'm at a loss for words. Just order it!  SUMMARYFood execution was spot on, service was great, and prices- OMG, I still can't believe the bill. About $50 (not including tip on each visit) for two patrons at a nice Japanese joint with high quality fish. Completely Un-heard-off...  Soho has now become my favorite place to dine in Sin City and on every trip from this point on, it'll always be on the Vegas itinerary. Thanks Chef John for the wonderful memories and delicious food.
5	Taste: 5Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 5I rarely give five star rating especially on sushi category since its very rare that there are really good sushi restaurants and to top that off in the dessert hundreds of miles away from the ocean. Now im rating this on sushi, that means nigiri and sashimi not rolls. Lets begin to start this place is way out there in henderson i think but still worth the drive. The atmosphere is nothing special which worried me especially when my friends told me this is one of the best sushi spots in vegas?! The service here is spot on, as good as it can get, water topped off, knowledgable waiter and very friendly staff, mirror of a 5 star restaurant. Now to the good part the foodStarter-Salmon and tuna tostada [MUST HAVE]-baked muscles [TRY]-cucumber salad [TRY]-hydro black cod [TRY]main course-yellowtail sashimi [MUST HAVE]-seared tuna special [TRY]-snapper uni special [MUST HAVE]-sweet shrimp nigiri [MUST HAVE]-red snapper nigiri [MUST HAVE]-santa barbara uni [MUST HAVE]drinksEchigo Koshihikari [This beer is best with sushi because it doesn't mask or overpower the flavor of sushi]I don't know what else to say; wait for the best part all that food and more plus drinks $100 this place is a definite must try when in vegas, if you looking or craving sushi and want 5 star quality sushi at insanely cheap prices SOHO japanese restaurant is your one stop shop cant beat that and for that I will be back again and again
