4	Was very thankful to locate Cougar Cleaners. it's only $2.50 an item so I was able to get all my items dry cleaned before ending my vacation. They were even able to do some shirts that had beading or other embroidery, which most discounted cleaners will turn away.
4	Love the price here for dry cleaning, very reasonable at a discounted price in comparison to other dry cleaning places.  Staff is efficient when dropping off your items and you can pick up your dry cleaning the next day after four.  Good neighborhood location since they are right next door to Fry's.  They offer other services like shirts, clothes with beading and even dry cleaning for pillows which I have not tried yet but I think there is an extra charge for these.
2	No joke..this is the name of a dry cleaning business in Scottsdale..coincidence? I think not.  I had them launder some clothes for me..nothing that really needed to be dry cleaned..just stuff I didn't want to iron personally..well I guess they didn't want to iron it either...thanks for the wrinkly sleeves and ruffles that don't lay flat...and my clothes smelled kind of funky..like when you forget about a load and leave them to sit in the washing machine...glad I basically paid for nothing.. I'd rather pay more and have it done right.
4	Finding a good drycleaner is like finding a good man...JUST KIDDING. It's actually like WAAAAAY more important than that! All it takes is one time and one expensive designer silk dress that's carelessly ruined for you to be terrified to ever go to a drycleaner ever again. Fear not! This place is great! Very quick, nice staff, inexpensive, and I've never had an issue with a garment here. Plus, your clothes don't come back with that weird "drycleaner smell" which is nice and they put these none slip foamy thingys on all of their wire hangers so nothing slips off. Aww how thoughtful! I mean, there's nothing more swear-word inducing then a freshly laundered drycleaned item falling onto the pavement due to slipping off it's hanger. My only ONLY bone to pick is it's such a bummer that they are closed on Sundays. It's inevitable really on Sunday I will a.) Crave Chick Fil'a something fierce and b.)need something drycleaned. Sigh*
2	About a year ago Cougar Cleaners purchased/assumed operations of my former cleaner, Crystal Cleaners, located at the corner of Oak and 44th Streets.  Since then, the quality of their services has gone way down.  The workers are new and are nice, but this does not make up for the poor quality.  Routine spots not removed, shirts look dingy, and the quality of pressing dress shirts is awful.  I have repeatedly asked for re-do's with stronger/different chemicals, with no improvement.  Also, the employees are all Spanish-speaking, which is fine, but not when I can't fully communicate my laundry order.  I resorted to using broken Spanish from my college days which was marginally helpful.  Unfortunately, I am now searching for a new cleaner.  The owners are never there for me to talk to.  And by the way, I encourage the owners to remove the New Times award from the wall -- you didn't earn it, it was awarded to a prior owner.
4	Good cleaners. Convenient inexpensive and courteous, good job! Everything is always ready in a timely manner and satisfaction guarunteed.
5	Best drycleaners in town; great service.  Any issues are met with a smile and redoElizabeth S
4	Price is great. Garments are all  pressed and wrapped neatly.Clerks are friendly and courteous.
