4	This is a new Denny's.Unlike some of the older Denny's this one was nice inside - the lighting warm, fixtures were modern, the foam seats and tile were warm earth tones.  We went right after the first Christmas mass at the local church, so seating was wide open but got busy when we were done.  The waiter came right away to wish us Merry Christ mas and to get drink orders.  The coffee was freshly brewed and though not exact;y a gourmet blend, but it was fine. The waiter was prompt coming back to get our orders.  For the regular Grand Slam ($6), I chose four items - hash browns, eggs over medium, two sausage, and pancakes.  My brother ordered the Belgian waffle slam - similar to mine but with a fluffy waffle.  My parents split a senior omelet but I gave then my two pancakes.  That's the beauty of things being served on separate plates like they did - we passed everything around the table.  The food arrived in 10 minutes.  What's nice with this Denny's that you can see some of the kitchen preparation from some tables.  Everything came back almost perfectly cooked.  The hash browns were bland, but had a decent crispiness, the sausages were just okay, but their bacon was good.  Eggs were done just right and pancakes were fluffy.  We got lots of coffee refills. Overall, it was a pleasant decent breakfast.  I really think breakfast is their best meal, the lunches and dinners I' ve had any Denny's hve been forgettable. So as it was late morning, the place was getting crowded, and we ready to leave.  But my mom, who is the ultimate friendly chatterer, just had to tell our waiter our family history in Las Vegas.  The waiter,  seeing the 25% tip in my mom's hand, was more than willing to listen.
4	Wife and I went here one night at midnight. Ordered the food to go very good customer service and friendly people. The inside is clean and very nice looking. Good spot for people traveling right off the interstate. Quick to get to and good food for not to much
5	Best Denny's I have ever been too! The food is always fresh. Arnulfo is the best employee there!! This place is always consistent.
2	There are so many other better breakfast places...
1	I am a frequent customer of this Denny's as it is close to our home.  We usually get pretty good service, but not today.  My wife and I invited our daughter and her new 6 week old son to eat a late breakfast with us.  We were seated right away, but a waiter never came by to offer us our drinks or take our order.  We also noticed 2 other large families come in and order right away.  After about 15 minutes, we still had not ordered and we decided to leave.  Not one waiter acknowledged us as we watched them repeatedly walk past our table.  I have never experienced any service like this before.  I can only assume that they were afraid of the 6 week old sleeping baby.  A very bad experience.  Don't plan to eat at this place in the future.
3	Came here to meet up with some friends for breakfast. The food wasn't anything special...just a plain 'ol diner breakfast.  I ordered the ham and eggs with hashbrowns and toast.  It came out on 3 small plates. LOL Apparantly they were out of bigger plates.  The ham was about the size of a cell phone-a little on the small side I thought but whatever.  Eggs good, hashbrowns, good, toast cold with barely any butter.  The place was clean and the waitress was super attentive.  All a good average experience.
1	Absolutely the worst (slowest) service I've ever had at a Denny's. Food came out cold. Took over 10 minutes for us to be able to get anyone's attention to get new food. Drinks were only refilled once and had sat there empty for quite a while. Once done eating, took another 15 or so minutes to get our bill...needless to say, we almost walked out. Will definately not return to this location.
4	Having not been to a Denny's in a while, I must say I was rather impressed with the quality of the food, I got a chessebuger, fries and a salad. The burger was a fresh, handmade patty and was juicy and flavorful. The fries, although not plentiful, were crisp and golden. The salad was loaded with fresh veggies and was one of the better dinner salads I've had in recent memory. The Mrs. got the Prime Rib Cobb Salad, which looked fantastic. Too bad they didn't offer a half size, as it was huge. There were very few people inside and there was no waiting at all upon arrival. The waitress, Anna, was very attentive and the manager even came around to check on us. The good time oldies music playing was a nice touch. This is a good place to go if you can't decide what exactly it is you are hungry for. The menu had plenty of variety and the food was pretty good. I am going with four stars, compared to similar establishments, based on the service and the quality of the food. I would love to see if they can duplicate the same quality and service when they are busy.
4	This was my first time at this particular Denfa dsal
2	Nothing is more frustrating than having to get up and ask for silverware so you can eat your food. The burger was nasty guess I should have just stuck with breakfast for lunch. Very disappointing! My son ate his whole plate so guess the pancakes were good. Don't like this location at all! I'll stick to the one one lake mead. Not to mention the restrooms are disgusting!
1	Horrible service! No check backs on how things were, drinks took forever to be brought to the table after we ordered, had to ask for refills, and it took forever for our server to drop the check after we had already asked for it. She checked on other tables several times and didn't check on us. Wtf?!?! Get your shit together, Denny's!!!
1	Worst service ever! 2 unfriendly hostess in front were talking to each other and we had to ask them to seat us. Then it took 15 minutes to approach our table and that was after we asked for help. The food was ok.
2	So tired of this place going to the other location.  I've  been here costantly two months straight and its hit or miss. I dont expect perfection i expect consistency.  And i deserve it.One of hostesses gives my wife and I rude faces when she works.  Sometimes you get napkins, sometimes you dont.  Oh and the tables dirty with cup rings and salt on them.  Wash your tables, dont sit people at dirty tables.  My wife orders about the same thing, eggs in a basket which is great but what we get is not always what the menu says.  And one time the hostess misunderstood me brought three apps and i wanted the sampler.So i told her she fixed it but at the register she said it like i messed up. Really? And than let one 7$ app on my ticket which  i saw later. Thieves.  This is the last time i go here because today we both ordered  eggs in a basket and yes the egg i supposed  to be runny but the egg white were undone, gross. I dont like to die from salmonella so no thanks.
