2	Following a break-in, this contractor was recommended by my insurance company to replace our back door.  Under normal circumstances I would have done it myself, but through the magic of moral hazard, I figured I might as well hire it done if I wasn't paying for it anyway.  In retrospect, I still should have done it myself.The door was installed adequately enough, but there were a few things that weren't satisfactory.  First, he used drywall screws to attach the screen door back to the brick moulding.  Of course, these would rust immediately outside so I had to replace them.  Also, he didn't install the deadbolt correctly, so I had to fix that too.  Luckily, I was able to salvage all the "extra" screws out of the dumpster.  The biggest problem was that he decided to spray paint the door after it was already hung.  End result: white overspray all over my dark brown cabinets and black refrigerator.  He cleaned off most of it, but a little forethought would have prevented it in the first place.  I suppose I could have had the contractor fix all these problems himself.  But after seeing the quality of work that had been done so far, I just wanted them out of my house so I could be sure the rest of the job would be done correctly.
5	Thank you very much for sharp attention to detail. Your employees were excellent through the whole process and able to make what was a horrible situation much easier to deal with. Special thanks to Brad Banks for his commitment to customer service and communication with both me and my insurance carrier. I would be happy to recommend your company to everyone I know!
5	Full disclosure here, my son works for this company, so I was very aware of their outstanding reputation and attention to detail when I chose Allied.  He was not involved in our project though, so I felt like I could give an unbiased review.  From the minute I made the emergency call about a flood, until the final punch list was handled, the employees of Allied were outstanding.  I was assigned a team member to handle our work and he communicated with me every step of the way.  All work was done on time, to my satisfaction and with great expertise.  I highly recommend this company.
