5	Great service, super friendly and a great selection! I called to verify they had what I wanted in stock, made an appointment and was in and out in about an hour for four tires. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a good deal on good quality tires! It's also great to find a place with great customer service from the techs to the office!
1	Quite literally the worst experience I've ever had taking my car into a shop.A few weeks ago I found myself desperate for an oil change. This was the first place I called that could get me in the same day and it is fairly close to my office. As I pulled up I had a feeling that I should've just immediately left  - the place looks scary from the outside and the barbed wire fence is extremely uninviting. I went against my gut feeling and I decided to take my appointment as scheduled and boy do I regret it!After giving them the keys to my car and waiting patiently for 45 minutes one of the "technicians" came out to the waiting area and asked for my assistance in the back to take a look at my hood. After changing my oil he must have tried closing the hood while there was something blocking it from shutting. My hood no longer closed properly and was roughly a 1/4" off. To fix this cost me $200 at the Infiniti body-shop.As if that wasn't bad enough, less than a day after my oil change I noticed my car was leaking oil! I took it in the Infiniti maintenance center for an inspection and they told me that my oil pan has been punctured. Another $200 repair.In total their poorly done oil change ended up costing me over $430 for their fee and the repairs.Do not trust these people with your car!
4	Great customer service and quick install! My boyfriend needed two new tires after a flat and this place delivered for a mere $75. You can view all the tire prices and serial numbers online so you come prepared. Tip: be sure to ask about the manufacture dates! In Arizona the heat is what ruins that rubber so try and get something at least less than 4 years old if you must go with a used tire. The shop is in a sketchy area but the inside is decent with cameras, vending machines and books for your use. I'd recommend to anyone wanting a cheap used tire to get them through!
5	Price Rite is a great place to do business with.  I have bought tires from them on more than one occasion and have been very pleased with my experience.  I especially appreciate the ability to shop their selection of tires online and the detailed pictures of their inventory.  Lee and Jeff are very knowledgeable and honest, I have never thought that they are trying to sell me something that I didn't need or want.  I have and will recommend Price Rite Tire and Auto Center without hesitation.
5	Price Rite Tire and Auto Center, great website, called, asked if they had the tires listed was told yes an hour later I was in there and got the exact tires listed and they looked better than the photo on the site! That's a win! Tires were installed on time as promised. And the price was exactly what I was quoted on the website! Glad I found them through Google and Craiglist.
