3	Takes a long time to get through to make an appointment. I was on hold 5 minutes and then sent to a random voicemail. When I called back I was immediately put on hold again for another 5 minutes...Maybe they need more staff.
1	They've really been in a steep service decline over the past 18 mos.  McCoy spends his time at ASU.  PA Ian comes in one a day a week.  PA Alice doesn't return calls even when you go there, at the counter, and ask to have her call.  I've had questions about the medication they prescribed for two weeks-crickets chirping.  TIME TO MOVE ON.
5	Dr McCoy is excellent, as a healthcare provider too I know I got a good Sports med doctor with him. I do agree with some comments that the front desk staff needs improvement.
1	My experiences with University Sports Medicine have been excellent. P.A. Alice Peterson is professional and extremely thorough in her approach and I would highly recommend her to everyone.Lee H. Casa Grande, AZ
5	I wrote a previous review that was not recommended for some reason but I feel strongly enough to write a second review. P.A. Alice Peterson went the extra mile in performing my latest physical and I could not be more appreciative of her efforts. She takes the time to make sure he asks the right questions and makes it easy for you to understand what is taking place. As for the office I've encountered no problems with reaching them or setting an appointment.Lee H. Casa Grande, AZ
1	The worst doctor's office I've ever dealt with.I give this place 1 star because the PA, Alice Peterson, is excellent.I went to Dr. McCoy for a chronically painful hip (osteoarthritis). He sent me to Physical Therapy, even though I'd already been once before. PT was excruciating, so I returned to McCoy. He gave me serious narcotics (too strong) and got me an MRI. A week after the MRI, I'd heard nothing back. Called the office and found out the doctor hadn't even read it yet. When he did, he saw a labral tear in the cartilege and sent me to an arthroscopic speciatist. That guy told me that there was no point fixing the tear, I needed a hip replacement. So had to wait for an appointment with good hip surgeon and then wait for surgery date.I needed a pre-surgical physical and blood tests, which also were ordered through these people. Again, Alice was great. I had everything done 2 weeks before they were due. Again, no response, no feedback on tests. On the Thursday before they were due, I called and was told that they would be marked "urgent". Today, the Monday the results were due, I called my surgeon -- no results had been faxed. Turns out they'd been faxing USM the previous Thursday and today too. I called USM and they told me they would mark my request 'urgent'. Ha! Ha! I told them they'd already done that and that I could come down and hand carry the results to my surgeon. I was very irate. They put me on hold, apologized, told me the results had been faxed that day and would be faxed again. We'll see.The front desk has been consistently rude and incompetent. Once I said I needed an appointment in 4-6 weeks. The front desk person said, "46 weeks"? I moved to AZ recently and had this office recommended to me. I will NEVER return.
