5	AAHHHHHMAZING!  Best thin crust pizza in vegas. Prices are very good too! You can't go wrong. Get in there and try it!
4	Found out about this place via a friend of mine, the folks that own the place are her neighbors and they are no joke legit Italians from Italy. I went to their grand opening and had one of the pizza's, it was tasty! The crust was nice and thin and crispy and there was a good amount of everything as far as sauce, toppings and cheese go. The sauce was super flavorful and had the right amount of spice to it. If I lived closer to this place it would be my regular pizza spot but it's a bit of a trek from where I am. However if I find myself in that part of town you bet i'll be stopping in!
5	Again, being a pizza snob from NYC, I tend to favor NYC style thin crust cheese pizza.  The only other 2 pizza places in Las Vegas that I tried that merit a 5 star review have been NY Pizza and Pasta on Jones/Sahara, closest to NY pizza on the west coast.  The other is Setebello's Neapolitan Pizza.  Made in Italy merits my 3rd 5 star rating for a pizza place.Sonia, the owner, used to own a restaurant in Italy.  She brought the authentic style of her culture here to her pizza joint.  She delivers outstanding service and with a bright smile.The dough is hand made fresh daily.  It creates a thin crust which, when cooked to perfection, is crunchy like a thin perfect wafer cracker.  The sauce is tangy with a kiss of sweetness.  This combination leads to a bit of heaven with each bite.  It is not too heavy and overloading.  Perfection from your first bite to the last piece you will be fighting over with friends.  I've never really like "thin crust" pizza, but this was different.  I did not feel heavy or had the "pizza guilt" after eating 3 slices of a usually greasy pizza.Here is the best part of the story.  I walk in looking for lunch special or something.  She is making a pie in her oven.  No pizza by the slice, but the entire 14" Pizza was ONLY $6!!! WHAT?  Wow!  Amazing deal! You can taste the freshness and the time put into this pizza and for only $6!  Her 2' (yep 2 foot long pizza) with 4 toppings is ONLY $10?  Do NOT pass up this deal!  Great food at ridiculous prices.  A repeat for me for sure!Great service, amazing homemade pizza at a fair and reasonable price!!!  You have to make you way to Made in Italy.  I am always looking to support the local business owners here in Las Vegas.  Do try this amazing place.
5	This pizza place has the best pizza I ever had. True to the name it has a great Italian bistro feel to it. Old fashioned brick oven that gives a great taste, and true authentic Italian style. The menu selection is great and plentiful. This pizza is the best in south west Las Vegas located in the same plaza as cheng's express on Rainbow BLVD. I can not wait to go back as it will leaving you wanting more. You get your money's worth and then some, they give you an awesome experience with friendly service, and always with a smile. It's my new pizza place of choice from now on. Give these folks a try you will not regret the face that you did, although once you have it you'll want to go back for more!! 5 stars in my book, a well deserved as I am an EXTREMELY picky eater, and do not like to go out side of my normal routine.
5	Amazing food, great service, a definite winner in my book.Well I saw this place tucked back in this plaza, thought to myself.. We should give it a try since it's right around the corner. Not only just the location turned me onto to it, I loved the European atmosphere it has outside & in. (If you've been to Europe, you'll see what I'm taking about.)Well I suggested this place because it seemed like i t was true authentic Italian, since we all know it's difficult to find that in Vegas, it deserved a try. My boyfriend & I pull up, were greeted with a friendly smile. We ordered a 2' long pizza with black olives, light tomato sauce, prosciutto cotto & extra mozzarella. (I uploaded a picture of it if you're curious).  Can I just say it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth, everything on it was FRESH & imported from Italy. The Gentlemen even grated fresh Parmesan on the pizza for us.Well at the 3rd slice in I'm feeling full, I felt sleepy I was so full! I ordered a single shot of espresso to wake myself up. It was perfect with 2 sugars.Over all I have to say we are definitely coming back since it's around the corner from the house & the service is excellent. The prices are very reasonable, check out the website, you won't regret it if you love Italian food. We spent $18 bucks including the tip.
5	Thank God! Someone finally moved here that knows how to make pizza!! Hands down, the best in town. If you dont try this pizza, your out of your mind. you cant beat 2 pizza's for $20!!!!!!
5	The Best pizza in town love the taste good prices good service !
5	Hey there all true be livers in awesome pizza this owner is moving back to Rome so go support him today the food is awesome.
5	They have a new phone number (702)997-4499. Excellent Pizza!!!
3	This restaurant is not Made in Italy anymore I believe it is under new ownership and has been taken over by a place called Pizzalicious. Pizza is ok there.
