3	Always excited to see a new place open, I tried this one the first week in.Now granted, probably the first month of a restaurant opening is crazy until all of the kinks are worked out of it.  I do take that into account.The first thing I noticed was that there was a huge line of people waiting to be seated, and half of the booths and tables were empty.  The teeny bopper hostesses (I have never seen three hostesses before, especially in the morning) were behind the counter chatting and talking badly about some of the customers.  In addition, there were lots of wait staff just hanging out in different areas.  Even if you're waiting for a table to serve, you probably shouldn't just stand there with your finger up your nose in the middle of the dining area.  At least pretend to be busy.Finally, we were seated after a 20 minute wait.The breakfast menu is pretty decent, various omelets, pancakes and waffles with a Hawaiian theme.  I had the Maui Jim's Crab Cakes Benedict.  Yeah yeah, I know, eggs benedict again?  I'm always in search of a good one.The waitress was pretty nice, but the food was a little slow.  Seriously, eggs benedict shouldn't take long, if a kitchen is prepped properly, crab cakes or not.  The coffee was a little watered down too.The hollandaise sauce tasted right out of a package, a little powdery gritty with a little too much lemon.  Trying to hide that package flavor eh?  One egg was slightly overcooked while the other one was extremely runny.  Er..not even sure how that could happen, they were the same size.  The crab cakes were nothing to scream about either.Just a note:  If you ever want a bone in ham, you need to actually see the bone in.  Maui Grille's "bone in ham" is actually a processed piece of meat, and pretty pricey for fake meat.So in conclusion, the food and service was average, and not really worth the price.  The smidgen of a plus was the design of the building.  The entire center of the restaurant opened up into a sun filled patio with a little water feature in the center. I may go again to try out lunch or dinner.  Maybe it's better then.
4	This restaurant has only been open for a very short time and is terrific in my book. As far as portions go, I think that these people on these boards are just cheapo's looking for more than they paid for. I have eaten there upwards of 15 times in 1 1/2 months and loved everyone of them. They have kincks to iron out but should be supported in there efforts. They love criticism and try to change anything that the public doesn't like when possible. The owners are on site (a family I might add) and are always open to suggestion. They have a homey feel there. Everyone talks to you and really wants you there. The bar is beautiful and has a great variety of wines and beers. The music is awesome and relaxing, fountains and patio are soothing. What's not to like about that place???????????
1	We went there for brunch this morning.  The lack of cars in the parking lot should have been a sign to turn around and head for IHOP or Village Inn, but we decided to take our chances anyway.  Boy, what a waste of time and money!  We were seated quickly, but that is the only positive comment I can think of.   Oh, it was nice to have real flatware and a cloth napkin.  There.  Two things.Food:  We ordered the pineapple with brown sugar and coconut as a starter.  After the almost 20 minutes it took to arrive, we were expecting something fantastic.  It was good, but not anything I couldn't have made myself and certainly not something that should take 15 minutes to prepare.  I mean, it's just a pineapple with brown sugar, maybe some margarine (I gather they don't use real butter at the Grille -- keep reading.) and some packaged coconut.  Hint to Maui:  use freshly grated and toasted coconut and make sure that the pineapple has been broiled long enough to get the sugar to actually melt.  The sugar scrub consistency of the topping wasn't quite what I was after.My husband commented that with the time it was taking, we'd end up with our meal right on top of the pineapple.  He was right.  We hadn't eaten but two bites of the pineapple and there were our meals.  If you're going to call it a starter, you should serve it prior to the actual meal.  I ordered the longboard combo with pancakes and sausage.  The pancakes weren't even as good as Bisquick pancakes, despite tasting suspiciously like a premade mix.  They were a stranage mix of rubbery and powdery, sort of cold, and were served with margarine and "maple" flavored corn syrup.  Gross.  If I'm going to eat pancakes that cost $9, I expect real butter and real syrup.  Or at least amuse me with homemade fruit/flavored syrups.  Even though the menu says they have pineapple and coconut syrups, I was never offered them by our server.  Not that they would have helped the dismal pancakes at all.  I think the sausage was previously frozen.  I don't know.  I didn't eat them.  But they certainly had that pre-fab look to them.My husband got the crab cakes benedict.  The first thing I asked him was if the potatoes were freshly made or frozen.  We're pretty sure they were frozen.  The Hollandaise was definitely not from scratch.  Probably the crab cakes were commercially made as well.    Chef Gordon Ramsey would say, that's being a "fake chef".  Here's the thing.  If the food had been truly inedible, I would have sent it back.  Instead, it was unimpressive and disappointing.  I ate it because I was hungry enough to do so.  If we had been at home, the dogs would have gotten most of my meal.  Then again, if I had been at home, I could have made better pancakes.  With real butter and syrup.  Lesson learned.The Maui Grille has such a unique opportunity and they're wasting it with mediocre food and slow, apathetic service.  We were expecting a tropical twist on our food (how about using real ingredients for starters?), some island flair, something memorable.  Too bad they haven't quite gotten it.  I can't see Maui surviving out here if they don't shape up their menu offerings and food quality.  I can't say I'd be game to try lunch or dinner here, either, after our bad breakfast.
4	I had a great lunch at Maui Grille! The decor is kind of bland Hollywood Hawaiian, but ignore that and dig into the lobster club sandwich. Yum!!! As Yelpers may be aware, I'm like a seafood junkie. I need my fix often!! And it's hard to find good seafood in the desert, so when I do find something fabulous, I go for it.So do like I do and go for lobster club the next time you're way out west!
2	I went to Maui Grille when they first opened and have been there probably a total of 3 times now, I think this place has a lot of potential but I find there's always something off about my meal, once I ordered the macadamia crusted tilapia and I think the rice they served with it was the blandest rice I've ever had, and then I can recall another time ordering a shrimp dish, where out of the 4 island sauces it was paired with I think I only found 1 enjoyable and I quickly ran out and don't remember the server coming back before finishing my meal that I could get more.which is a shame because I am one that reallly enjoys seafood and I want this to be an option for me and it could be, just the food tends to be bland so more often than not I would find myself going for another option.
3	Sadly, The Maui Grille is no longer in business
