4	Did the Thanksgiving brunch.  Everything was terrific, service and food were well above par.  For regular dining the facility may not be intimate enough for many people but overall I think most will be pleased.
5	I am not going to lie - this place is amazing. It should actually probably get OUT of the Concourse Hotel so that more people know about it. The staff at Concourse don't seem to realize what they have here. Executive chef Charles Lazzareschi is spot-on when it comes to quality and creativity. He uses local ingredients including local beef and cheeses and is clearly obsessed with freshness. I have never EVER in all my travels had such a good buffet breakfast. Little brioche french toasts with homemade granola for topping. Home fries to make your mouth water - thick cut perfectly cooked bacon and fresh fruit bar. Dinner is equally impressive - the New York Strip simply cannot be beat and the chef offers a choice of three side sauces with your meal. There are a total of 24 delicious sauces from which to pick and they come served separately on the side. I can't even find a bad sandwich in this place. A true "find" - I just came back from London and could find nothing this good.
4	Was at the Concourse Hotel on a Wednesday night.  Very few patrons.  Seems to be a hidden treasure.  My girlfriend loves to eat and enjoyed the Cabernet Short Ribs.  My Rosemary and Garlic Flank Steak was done to perfection.  We both liked the three dipping sauces that accompanied the dishes.  Would recommend to anyone in the Capital area.
4	Let see, when I went there was major construction going on upstairs that was more than mildly irritating, but I will not blame the restaurant for that. How did I did the one place in Wisconsin that is employing a jackhammer when I live in NYC?Great great selection for the price. Plenty of topping for salads, different breads, had a Parmesan peppercorn dressing that I thought was different. I was excited to find Wisconsin beer cheese soup... It did not represent. It tastes like pure nacho cheese sauce.Point back for price point, tomato basil soup, poppyseed roll and gingerbread custard
5	Hidden Gem!  Outstanding food in a pleasant atmosphere.  Dayton Street Grille is inside the Madison Concourse Hotel, so not visible if you don't already know about it.  We've eaten there at least a half a dozen times, and the food is always outstanding.  I especially like the scallops, which are always perfectly seared, so the outside is crispy and the inside is soft.  They are served with shitake mushrooms, smoked bacon, and a parsnip mousse.  Superb!  My husband had the ahi, which was cooked perfectly and served with a delicious sesame soba noodle cake.  Our favorite part of the meal was the butternut squash soup, an outstanding version, with little pieces of squash in it and truffle oil on top.  Oh, my!
1	Staying at the hotel on business and ordered a room service dinner. This food was terrible. I had the Ahi Tuna with the some greenish fried noodle cake. They bring you 3 bowls of sauce, I assume to cover the taste of the bad food. Good food doesn't need 3 kinds of dipping sauce. McDonalds Chicken nuggets need sauce. That was about the caliber of the sauce. I feel swollen from all the sodium. I'm confused as to why there's good reviews here. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing? I know there's better food in Madison, we all had fantastic meals last night at a little gem down the street called Nostrano. Go there. Don't go here.The hotel is crap too. 2 pubes sitting in my shower when I arrived. I have pics.
3	I was expecting more from this restaurant.  I ordered the Tuna Crudo and tuna tartare as a starter.  It was somewhat ok.  It lacked some flavor.  For the entree, I ordered the Grilled miso glazed Ahi Tuna.  The Tuna was made exactly the way I asked.  Rare is the way I prefer to eat the tuna.  The only problem was that the cut was not like a steak, but more like a chunk of tuna, allowing the tips of the tuna to be overcooked. Not good. The sesame seed soba noodle cake and the sauces was fantastic.  Very tasty.  Service was great and very pleasant.  I will definitely give another try with them and try another dish.  I guess that I was out of luck the first time.
4	Very good food.  We were there on a Friday night at 6:30 and it was not very busy and we were worried the food was not good.  The place is modern and the service was good.  I had the GRILLED MISO GLAZED AHI TUNA 20Sesame Soba Noodle Cake, Bok Choy, Pan Fried Green Beans, Spicy Cashews, Red Curry Sauces: Spicy Sambal, Ginger Aioli, Wasabi CreamMy husband had:VEGETARIAN OPTION: MISO GLAZED TOFU 18Sauces: Spicy Sambal, Tabasco Honey, Smoked Onion MarmaladeSuggested Beverages: Maso Canali Pinot Grigio, Goose Island MatildaWe both really enjoyed the food.  The Soba noodle cake was CRAZY good.  The sauces were very good too, although I did not think you needed them.We would go back again.
2	Had breakfast here while staying at the hotel for work.  Server was okay, but the atmosphere is very "hotel restaurant" and my eggs Benedict were drowning in hollandaise sauce yet still quite tasteless.  I didn't return during my stay, and won't in the future - there are too many legitimately good places nearby.  Also, expensive.
4	I stayed at the Madison Concourse hotel so ended up eating here 2 nights (as this is right down stairs and very convenient- they even let you bill to the hotel).  The first night I had the duck confit with the cheesy pasta as my side.  The duck confit was delicous, the meat was flavorful and ripped right off the bone.  The cheesy pasta was a nice compliment.  The portion wasn't very large however and I imagine  most folks would still be hungry after this plate.  The Moscato also went deliciously with the entire meal.The 2nd time I returned, I had the Chimichurri skirt steak.  I must say it was marinaded nicely and came in a good portion.  The lentils, kale, and mashed potatoes went very well with the steak.  Also, forgot to mention, they have some interesting "homemade butters" that they provide with their bread.  The butter served with the bread was a pistachio bell pepper butter which I thought it was different but still good.  My coworkers however were not fond of it at all.  Overall I'll definitely return to this restaurant when I'm staying at the Concourse and feeling lazy.  However, there are so many amazing restaurants in the area that I can't say it'd be my go-to restaurant when I'm in town.
2	Check it...I generally loathe restaurants attached to a hotel. With the exception of Cleo (one of my favorite spots in LA) inside The Redbury (my favorite hotel in LA). I don't know what the deal is, but they always look like overstock dot com took a dump in the middle of the room (metallic wall art, turquoise arm chairs, ultra modern textiles) and the food is about as exciting as watching paint dry. I guess because it's in a hotel it needs to be bland enough to please everyone? In any case, DSG follows in the footsteps of all the other places I've come across where you can slumber and snack... it's just not good. Not only were they out of 3 menu items (one of them being olives... how do you screw up that order?) but the things they did have weren't great. Cheese curds dripping with oil and flattened like little pancakes. Salumi that though I was told was prepared in house felt like chewing flavorless fat. The tuna wontons were fine. The parmesan fries also fine, but nothing about the experience blew any of us away. Service was awkward, less than informative and not very warm. I apologize to visitor's to Madison who may not make it out of the hotel to dine. This is not a good representation of what our city has to offer.
4	We stayed at the hotel and was very convenient to eat breakfast here on Sunday.  It was badger homecoming. They did manage not to put people to close together. We all had good breakfast. But some things were missing from the menu.  Our server could not tell us before we put our orders in. Even then some were missing when the food came. All the food was well prepared even with the shortcoming.
3	Top 3 high/lowlights 1) good food2) slow service3) atmosphere is "mediocre hotel restaurant"I came to Dayton Street Grille on a Friday night at 545pm before heading to a performance at the Overture Center. The restaurant is in a great location in the Madison Concourse Hotel right near the Overture Center and State Street. We had a reservation, but definitely did not need it. 545 is early, especially for a Friday night but even when we left around 7pm only about half of the tables were full. Some hotels have really nice restaurants, unfortunately can't say the same here. I travel a decent amount for work and this is a restaurant I would only go to if I was too tired to leave my hotel. The decor feels cheap and there is a partially closed wall divider separating out the morning breakfast buffet. We were seated promptly with menus but our waiter, while really friendly, was slow to take our drink order and slow to get us drinks. I had a glass of wine but took a quick look at the cocktail menu and they seemed to have a good variety of drinks. The menu looks and feels like a middle of the road hotel restaurant menu. Nothing to unique on the menu but a good offering of meat and pasta entrees as well as flatbread pizzas. We ordered our entrees and the server brought out warm bread (no gluten free bread available!) for us and apricot butter. Again, waited much longer than expected to get our meals, especially since the restaurant was only half full. Once we got our entrees things started to turn around. My short ribs with red wine risotto was good and boyfriend enjoyed his pork chop and potatoes. If you are looking for a place to eat dinner before heading to the Overture Center, I would recommend Icon which is right across the street or any of the restaurants on the square, just one block further from Dayton Street Grille. If you are staying at the Madison Concourse, Dayton Street Grille is a good option for a convenient meal.
4	The food was tasty and the service was good. Nothing specifically special about this place though. Tried it out because I had a coupon. Prices are reasonable but I don't think id go out of my way to come here unless I had another coupon.
5	Although I've had a couple of menu items, and always enjoyed them, my 5 stars are for the SALAD BAR! Delicious, fresh, plentiful, good value--this salad bar has it all. I originally found this restaurant because I was looking for a good salad bar in town, and I haven't been disappointed in any of my many visits to the Dayton Street Grille. They always have high quality ingredients: fresh greens (spinach, romaine lettuce, and spring mix), so many delicious vegetable toppings, prepared salads that rotate daily, nuts and seeds and dried fruits, numerous salad dressings, fruit, cheese, assorted breads, *a nacho bar,* five hot soups (I like the tomato basil mixed with the vegan bean), AND an amazing dessert bar (with an especially large dessert spread on Fridays). All you can eat for $10! Just writing it all out puts me in a happy place. I only wish they had the salad bar on weekends--it's weekday lunch only.(Oh, and I wish the beer cheese soup didn't have meat in it--a recent addition that has disappointed this soup-loving vegetarian).
5	The best place to get a burger in Madison, hands down. The DSG burger with caramelized onions, thick Nueske's bacon, and cooked rare to medium rare is just fantastic!And if you're not feeling in the mood for a burger - over lunch they have a great soup and salad bar! It is one of the best I've seen with high quality ingredients, and homemade soups. Not to mention, their deserts are phenomonal most of the time!
4	This review is only for the salad bar, served Monday-Friday, as it is the only thing I have ever eaten there. They have the best salad bar, hands down. Everything is fresh and there is a large variety of salad items, and always a couple of interesting pasta salads. They have several different bread/roll selections, cheese and crackers, nacho dip and chips and at least 5 different soups. There is also a small dessert area with cookies and a couple of other desserts that they change up. $10 for unlimited trips is a bargain! My only complaint is it is not available on the weekend. Oh and for those of you that know how important my water refills are to me, they did not disappoint.
