5	We have been with McCormick for almost 4 years. Our first day there was the hardest day of my life, but the staff made me feel comfortable, let me call them about 25 times that day and when I got there....my son was HAPPY!!!! 2 kids and 4 years later we still love McCormick. The staff is wonderful, understanding and makes my kids feel at home. I have referred people here and everyone LOVES it. I will say, if you are looking for shiny, new, computerized everything...this isn't going to be the place for you. The designs on the walls are older and they don't take debit or credit cards. But if you want your child well loved, hugged and played with? This is 100% the place to take them.
1	I enrolled my son at this place to socialize and learn. However, I am disappointed with this school. In this review, I will share some incidents and factsIncidents:1. On 04/07/2014, at almost 3:30 PM, I went to pick up my three years old son. When I entered the classroom, I found Ms Sandy and Ms Blanca (teachers of the 2-3 years old class), both in the classroom with 1 student eating her snack. The rest of the class was playing in the playground alone and unsupervised. While asking Ms Sandy how my son's day was, I suddenly saw him running to me and crying from pain. His face was covered with dirt and his left eye was injured with some blood on his eyelid. I asked him to explain what happened. He took my hand and walked me to the playground where he showed me a small blue chair. His friends told me that he turned the chair over and he hurt his left outer eye lid and bumped his head. His left outer eye lid with scrap, he had a scratched bridge on his nose. Then I looked at Ms Blanca and I told her: "can you explain what just happened?". She said: "I was cleaning, but the kids told me that my son turned the chair over and jumped through it". When did the kids tell her if she was cleaning the classroom when I entered the class? That means that my son was injured and neglected without any care. They did not even feel sorry about that and they let me question all that without even thinking to clean his eye and face! his eye was injured and his face was full of dirt which might infect his injured eye! Blanca added that all kids do that and my son imitates them. I said: "you should not let them do that in the first place. This is very dangerous". That is not acceptable to leave 25 kids playing unsupervised. This is putting 25 kids in danger. She replied that I was speaking with Sandy and that is why nobody was supervising the kids!that is absurd and ridiculous! because when I entered both of them were in the classroom and the kids were outside. Sandy should send Blanca for a minute or 2 to supervise the kids while she was in classroom for their safety. Later, Ms Sandy cleaned my son's face and gave him an icepack after I confronted them. They lack complete children emergency process.(http://hsapps.azdhs.gov/ls/sod/Facility.aspx?FacId=CDC3824)Bad Leadership: Stephanie, director, defended the teachers not to ruin the school's reputation! When my husband called to inform her about this incident and to express our anger, she did not handle the situation well. She was like "What do you want?"  The owner of the place did not even call us to see what happened, to apologize or to sympathize  with us.2. Last month, I found two girls from the 4-5 years old class bathing my son with dirt. His hair, eyes and cloths were covered with dirt but he did not know that they were bullying him. Ms Blanca and the teacher of the 4-5 years class were supervising but they did not stop the girls from doing that. I confronted Ms Blanca and she said she was sorry and that will never happen again. 3. One time I went and saw him wearing pullup without pants on and he was playing in the playground. They did not even think to  call me to ask me to bring more cloths.4. TV is tuned on everyday. Why is that? Are they short of academic activities?5. One day I went at 10:00 AM to see how my son was doing because he was newly enrolled, I was surprised to see the teacher of the 4-5 years old yelling at the students of the 2-3 years old because there was water on the floor!this teacher did not expect to see me in the classroom at that time.6. Another time I found my son digging a hole with his friend while putting his entire head in the dirt. His eyes were also covered with sand along with his nose and cheeks. When I asked Sandy and Blanca, they laughed!and they said that my son and his friend are trying to escape!how funny!?7. On March 24, 2014, I picked my son from school and I asked him how was his day and whether anyone hit him. He said that Ms Sandy did. So I asked some parents to collect information about this incident from their little ones. But all of them said that this incident did not happen. I also called Blanca who said that the only incident that she witnessed was hearing Sandy YELLING at my son because she thought that he was kicking the toy oven while trying to take a nap but then she figured out that it was not my son who was doing that.. The following day, I went to the school and asked Ms sandy what happened in front of the director. She said that she made him sit on his bottom but did not hit him. I believed her because I know how she treats her students. 8. He was getting sick every week. 9. Only 1 common bathroom with only two toilet tanks for both 3-4 and 4-5 classrooms10. When he was first enrolled, I was told that he will learn some new Spanish words. He actually did not learn any single Spanish word
5	My son went to McCormick Preschool from 6 weeks old until after he started school and he loved it there.  The kids are in separate classrooms, with kids the same age, learning valuable educational and social skills.  My son benefited greatly from the teachers at McCormick and still remembers all of them, especially getting his Red Vines when he left everyday from Ms. Barbara.  Most of the teachers there are career teachers and not just showing up for work every day.  They really care about the kids who go there.The school has Christmas parties every year with families, food and a visit from Santa.  Holidays are all celebrated with parties full of hand-made decorations, songs, crafts and costumes!  Lots of photos are taken of the kids so parents can share in their growth and daytime activities.  Besides being a really fun place for the kids to be, the McCormick Preschool van gives the kids rides to and from school everyday.  This service made it possible for me to work an uninterrupted day while my son was taken care of for the entire day.   There was even a graduation ceremony with a cap and gown!I read a REALLY long and negative review on Yelp about McCormick and have to wonder if someone that worries about bacteria in the dirt their child plays in could ever be satisfied with someone else's care of her child.  I have always taken my child's safety very seriously, but that's just weird.McCormick Preschool is an amazing school and even though my son graduated a few years ago, I am still proud to have the school in my neighborhood.I recommend McCormick Preschool 100%!
5	My kids have been going to McCormick preschool for almost two years.   Currently they are 2 and 1/2 and 4 and 1/2, I have never had anything but positive experiences with all of the staff.  My oldest son loves his new teachers but also loved Ms. Sandy and Ms. Blanca, my youngest son loves his teachers too.  My son has learned some Spanish and knows all of his letters.  My kids are happy to go here each day, and I couldn't be more pleased!
5	I have had my daughter enrolled in this school since she was 10 months old. I was a stay-at-home mother prior and was a basket case to leave my first child at daycare. Miss Heather was GREAT! I must have called a million times the first couple of weeks and still call every once in awhile to this day even though she has moved to a new class. Never have they made me feel  guilty for calling and checking on my child. If you're looking for a school that is up to date on technology or has top of the line everything, this is not it. It IS an older school and I thought that would bother me but the level of love, care and attention my daughter receives daily makes this the best school around. I have worked in daycare's before while in college. I know the in's & out's of how they work and I can comfortably say this daycare is  set apart from all the rest. The teachers/caregivers at this school are career employee's, their turnover rate is incredibly low which in and of itself speaks volumes. My daughter is now in the 1 year old room and surprises me daily with new things that she has learned. She knows numbers in Spanish, she is counting and saying new words all the time. They even do sign language with her which I have found to be very helpful in cutting down on tantrums when she can't fully verbally communicate what she wants. My daughter also LOVES the music man they bring in! Mrs. Melly and Miss Desiree are AMAZING teachers. You can tell that they truly care about each and every student. The time that is dedicated to WEEKLY projects is outstanding. I look forward at the end of each month to taking home what they have helped her create, it warms my heart. If my daughter has had an accident or gets too dirty on the playground they ALWAYS wash her clothes for me so it doesn't stain, I greatly appreciate this! They are quick to inform me if she has been hurt, even if it's just a tiny bump or scrape. I read ST.'s review below and have to just laugh. There is always going to be that crazy parent and this is just one of them. Miss Blanca has watched my daughter before while waiting for her regular teachers to arrive and I have nothing but positive things to say about her. My daughter is very shy and was happy enough to jump right out of my arms and into Blanca's. I have personally witnessed while picking up AND dropping off, including at odd times her "teaching style" and have never felt as though she is neglectful. As far as bad leadership goes with the director Stephanie, again I have to disagree. Never had a bad experience with her and it's nice to hear that Stephanie can recognize when a crazy parent is off their rocker and can confidently stand behind her staff. I would rather hear something like that than hearing drama going on within the center because employees don't like each other. The rest of the review is just bs; feeling as though her "poor child" is being bullied because other kids are dumping wood chips on his head, please. Teach your kid to buck up, you can't shelter them. If there was anything I could change about this school it would be to have the ability to use a debit/credit card to pay. Even if a square was used for payment, it would be a whole lot easier than having to pull cash or writing a check. But even at that, I'm totally ok with the trade off because of all the other positives!
