2	This new incarnation of Hamburger Mary's is less than impressive. Of course it wasn't very impressive while it was still Hamburger Mary's. The service is hit and miss and the food is sub-par. Every time I've been here and ordered a burger, the bun has been stale and crumbly. Every. Time. The salads consisted mostly of the delectable white core of the iceberg lettuce that has no flavor.The Sunday breakfast buffet is fairly expensive, around $15 per person. The only redeeming feature of the buffet is the 1 cent mimosas. Smoking is still allowed inside the restaurant (until May at least).If you're going to a place to hang out with a large group of friends who drink and smoke and food isn't a pressing issue, then this may be the place for you. I'm sorry, Burger Betty's. I've tried to like you from way back when, but it's time for me to move on. I have to see other restaurants. I hope you understand. It's not you, it's me.
2	Listen Betty - Ya just can't charge these prices for this quality.  Pick one.  Either drop your prices to make it just a large bar food type menu - or dramatically increase the quality. Notice I didn't say quantity.  The burgers are big.  And a hungry person might not finish them.  But they wouldn't particularly like it.  And if you want them to order one again, they need to like it.  Sure, you've got a bit of a corner on the whole gay restaurant thing.  (Not a total corner on it though - but I'll give that there isn't that much competition.)  But do you really want to ride on those laurels?  I think you can do better.  I hope you do better soon.  How about a 1/2 size burger for 1/2 the price?  Same thing w/ the salads as right now they could feed a table of 4.  But how many tables of 4 want to split the same salad?  Exactly.  And while I can accept the weird atmosphere changes as you try to find a "theme" to carry you to your next success.  How about stopping all of your investment and hard work on the Australian theme and going with a "good food and comfortable atmosphere theme".  I'm telling you - it could be a hit.  I'll try to check back twice a year or so to see how you're doing.  I believe in you Betty.  Let's make it happen.
2	Funny story. One hot summer day less than a year ago my dad and I were out in search of a late lunch/ early dinner. A burger sounded fine and we had driven past this place a few times so we thought we'd drop in. We knew that quite a few places on this stretch were of the gay persuasion, but it didn't occur to us that Burger Betty's would be one. Walk inside and you'll quickly realize that this is not intended for a father-son lunch spot. We backpedaled. We asked a couple of questions. We left. Truth be told, my dad and I are both liberal guys and would have stuck around if the burgers weren't so expensive. From the looks of the other reviews we made the right call.
4	Normally, I think I'd give Jaded (formerly Burger Betty's) a three.  But considering that it's two previous incarnations were struggling to be average, I'll make an exception and laude the effort to really improve the quality of the menu.An assortment of appetizers, salads, burgers, hot sandwiches, and acutal entrees (like you can order a steak!).  I had the philly steak sandwhich, which was really good.  My friend had the cranberry-pesto pasta and enjoyed it as well.While the effort to go upscale with what is clearly a casual dining kind of place has not really evolved yet in the decor (though anything is better than faux-Aussie), they are really doing good things with the food.I'm actually motivated to make a return trip and not just by lack of other options.
