5	Ruggers Pub is a small bar off of East Carson Street, which means it is usually devoid of the general annoying bar patrons. While it is a rugby bar, it's far from elitist or limited. The bar not only has regular drink specials, but it also has an entire menu of food available. Huge sandwiches and your general fried bar food. The prices are slightly higher than some dive bars, but the quality of food is also better than I've experienced in most places.The staff is not only friendly but freaking hilarious. The music is loud. The beer is plenty. I do have to warn though, rugby season is starting and this means an influx of rugby fans in the bar.
3	Once you get past the chain influence of South Side Works, just about every place in the South Side has character--some good and some bad. Ruggers definitely landed on the side of good (thought not without qualification).The menu is larger than you might expect from a place of it's size: soup, salad, burgers, wraps. They even have a few vegetarian options (including a rather distinct veggie burger).The beer list is even better than than the menu. They don't have a huge number of taps, but what they have is almost entirely craft beer. They seem to keep something on tap from Great Lakes and East End, plus a few other regional brewers. They even tend to keep a fairly session-able craft brewed option--which tends to keep me happy. They also keep some bottles and cans in a half-sized cooler, but I've honestly never really looked into the list.The food was distinctive--well worth eating, but not particularly outstanding. This is the type of place you seek out for the atmosphere and staff more than the menu. The tiny little bar tends to be packed on the weekend, but during the week the Free WiFi makes for a great place to catch up on email over a beer.Keep in mind that Rugger's is a a smoking bar. That weeds out many, but I don't have too much trouble wading through the smoke. Weighing everything in balance, I do have to say that I'm a fan.
5	Some friends and I went for Happy Hour on Friday and really enjoyed ourselves. They have half off selected appetizers, and $1.50 domestic drafts. We ordered onion rings, 10 wings, cheese sticks, nachos, and fried mushrooms and our bill came to $16. All of the fried snacks were great, not overly greasy, and the nachos were awesome. I recomend checking this place out.
3	I can report this is a 99.9% bro-free bar. There always seems to be way more guys than girls, but instead of the guys decked out in von dutch most seem to have not showered in a few days, and are down to have a good time.Ruggers also gets points for being a smoking bar and not being too dank, and has a real nice outside area with ample tables/seating.
4	I tend to avoid the following things: The Southside, so-called "pubs," sports themes and bar food, especially things eaten with ketchup. Now that I've discredited myself as a stand up human being, I will say that I love Ruggers Pub. I've found the patrons and staff to be pleasant, the music tolerable if not good and the best veggie burger in town, served with deep fried pickles. Yes, the BEST veggie burger in town. Yes, deep fried pickles!**Half priced burgers on Tuesdays!
2	Tried Ruggers for the first time.  I didn't realize until we ordered that it was a smoking bar.  Fortunately no one was smoking at the time, but that will keep me from going back.  Two things I don't understand: 1) The rules in Pittsburgh regarding smoking where food is served. 2) How anyone can stand to eat in a cloud of cigarette smoke.  Anyway--back to my review.  They have a pretty extensive menu, including some nice veg options.  I had the seitan steak sandwich which was pretty decent.   It came with fried pickles, which weren't as good as I was expecting. The biggest negative for me was how long it took to get our food.  I was there on my lunch break and it was not at all crowded.  By the time our food came , my lunch hour was just about over and we had to inhale the food so that I could get back to work.  So if you don't mind smoke and you're not in a hurry, you might enjoy Ruggers.  Personally, I won't be back.
5	Ruggers Pub was recently featured in a groupon. Since I had never heard about it, I looked it up on yelp and was pleasantly surprised. Dropped in this past Tuesday for half price burger night. This was 1 of the best burgers I've had in pittsburgh, simply because it wasn't fooled  around with. The bartender obliged me with an excellent manhattan. The staff was friendly. The other patrons were also friendly. We were a little cramped at our table but, on leaving, I noticed that they have a picnic tables for al fresco dining. all in all, very nice evening. Great food. Enjoyed the whole experience.Oh, by the way, almost forgot... Don't skip the fried pickle chips. They're fantastic.
5	I've been going to Ruggers for awile now. You wouldn't expect them to have great food, but they do. Wed trivia is also the best I've been to. The DJ for it is hilarious and plays really good songs between questions. It gets packe din there fast on Wed so get there early.Love Ruggers!
4	Up side: Cheap beer. Cheap food. Vegetarian options on the menu.Down side: Smoking (might be an upside for some). Sometimes smells like hot farts.It can get really crowded on weekends, but I like it.
2	Its an average South Side bar.  They have a good beer selection on draft and in bottles.  The prices for drinks are pretty average for South Side as well.  The food is decent but the wait for the food can be terribly slow.  We come here for the convenience of the location and despite not being the best we keep coming back.
3	Ruggers is certainly worthy of three and  a half stars. It's a low key pub a few blocks off of Carson Street. On the night I went, the crowd was a bit younger (on average) than elsewhere is South Side. I liked that they were showing the Pirates game. And, I was very satisfied with the number of craft in-season drafts on tap.
4	Rugger's 1/2 price "pick your own burger" night on Tuesday is awesome and cheap.  And they have a great selection of ever-changing beers on tap (I like Erie Railbender mostly and it's on special on Tuesday's).  Janice is the best bartender in town and she's there most nights.  Jukebox is awesomely filled with punk rock, emo, metal, rock, and other music your mom probably doesnt listen to now.It's really the only bar  I like to go to aside from Gooski's.  It's nice to go to a bar and it not be all IPA's on tap.  If you stop in, say Hi, I'm probably there.Oh and it's a Rugby bar, which is cool.
5	Where else are you going to get fried pickle chips instead of fries when you order a sandwich?! My love of fried pickles and cheese steaks collide here into yummy deliciousness. A laid back atmosphere on top of it makes it all worth it.
5	My hands down favorite bar in South Side.I have been going to Ruggers for 3 years now the place is the shit. First they got an amazing beer selection that always changes. Next to that, beer is pretty damage cheap which is a win. Food is good too, go on a Tuesday if you can get a spot and you can make your own hamburger for practically nothing. My college favorite was a hamburger pattie, chicken filet, onions, tomato, lettuce, french fries, jalepanoes, pepperjack cheese, and buffalo sauce with a side of fried patios. This thing was so big it could barely fit in my mouth. I think with all of those extra ingredients the total cost with a Yuengling was $9 on Tuesday. The place fills up so you have to go early on Tuesday. But overall they have great happy hour specials during the entire week that are must to go to.
5	Yay! Always have fun here when I come! The patio is my favorite! It's a nice little divey bar, and the regular rugby players aren't so bad to look at either! :x love coming here and now my best friend Abby works here so I have an even better excuse to come! The prices are great and music flows well! They have pumpking and I'm an SO tempted but I just cannot yet! Awesome place! Friendly, great service, good environment! :) food is also decent!
5	For a small local bar, I really enjoyed this atmosphere and beer selection. Some of the most knowledgable and friendly staff I've met while in Pittsburgh. This place is great!
3	It's divey, smokey, but cheap. Their batman shots are kind of what they're known for.  There are some regulars but it's never crowded.  I wouldn't seek it out but I wouldn't be upset if I ended up here again. Bar tenders aren't mean so that's always nice!
