4	These guys are great.  They offer all of the same shipping services of The UPS store at half the cost.  Plus, they offer FedEx.  Support the small, local business owners!
5	Power postal is the best! Friendly staff, great service and affordable shipping rates. I highly recommend them for PO box and shipping, UPS and Fedex. They also offer other misc services like musical instrument rental, candles and more. You will love them!
5	Stopped into Power Postal today to overnight a package an was in and out in literally 4 minutes.  Their system looked up my past transactions and made my day that much easier without having to fill out any paperwork .  We were able to quickly compare rates with Fedex vs. UPS and the various times that the package would arrive by.  I've used their services a handful of times in the past couple years and the staff is always helpful, friendly and professional.  Kudos, Power Postal.  You've got a loyal customer in me.  Oh, and for anyone living in the area with kids in music programs they carry the required music books for the local schools.  Bonus to be able to stop in so close to home instead of driving around town.
5	This little business is a POWERHOUSE for mailing needs, and you can snag a cute card or a yummy candle! I love this place. The girls are knowledgeable and are always there to answer all of my questions! They save me money everytime I go in there. We have a box there for our business and they are so sweet everytime I call and ask if the mail is in, I know I drive them crazy when I call and ask about my packages, but they are NEVER rude or annoyed with me. I love them all and I am thrilled that they are there and I APPRECIATE them more than they know! :-)
5	Relocated here from out of state and all of our equipment (fax/scanner/copier, etc.) is still in storage.   Power Postal may not be big, but they offer OUTSTANDING customer service at very reasonable prices.I've been in to Power Postal about 10 times in the past month and each time, the staff and owner (Melissa) have been outstanding!  These guys have been our office away from home.  Even emailed documentation directly to them to print and fax for me!  The name of the company says it all!Well done Melissa and staff, you guys ROCK!!
5	I've been doing business with Melissa and her crew for over 7 years, and I will never go to another private mailbox service!  They give excellent friendly service, and some real extras, like calls when you get a pkg, and they will look in your box and tell you what's there if you cannot make it in for a few days.  You can't get better than this:  a great service at a reasonable price.
