4	Yum!  A great way to recharge after hiking!  Don't forget to try their spicy jack quesadillas!
2	Good deals for cheap food - recently they had a $2 breakfast special consisting of two egg & cheese burritos with hashbrowns.  Hard to beat that.This location suffers from one major flaw - that it is located alongside a busy road in the parking lot of a Home Depot.  So, this means there are tons of... let's say... loiterers.  When a patrol car occasionally makes a round through here, the loiterers all scramble into Del Taco or run in various directions.  They also stare at your car in the parking lot if it happens to be nice.So, drive your beater if you eat here, and don't eat here if you're bothered by a lot of loiterers outside.
1	I'm not entirely sure how anyone eats here once they've been inside.  A dirty restaurant is one of the best ways for me to get on my 'list'.Yeah, this place is on that list.As a non-native first year med student I just didn't have a lot of time or options so, silly me, I would go here thinking "maybe the last time was just an off day".  There were times I'd walk over and over half the tables there had food remains all over them.  Often times there was trash waiting there too.  Well, after a month or so of their off days with terrible, greasy, and just wholly unappetizing food, I decided to finally take a little extra time to bring or travel further for food.I'm sure it's the healthier option anyway.  For a number of reasons.  I don't think, no matter how busy it gets, that I'll be stopping in there this year.
1	I'm not sure how anyone after eating here goes back.  The refried beans here are the worst I've ever eaten, they taste rancid and diseased.  If you really want del taco drive the extra couple miles to 83rd and bell, you'll thank me.
2	Drive thru is sloooooooow. How slow? I had enough time to create a yelp account and write this review. I have two cars in front of me, c'mon Del Taco!
2	Came at about 9pm and I was the only person in the drive thru. That being said, our esteemed Del Taco employee somehow managed to mess up the order despite everything being correct on the receipt. How one does this I am entirely unsure.
2	This place drives me nuts!  It's very convenient for me to drop in and I'm mostly satisfied with their food, it's just that they are so slooooow in the drive-thru.  On my last visit I couldn't even order at the menu.  I had to roll up to the window and give my order.  It's not that the menu wasn't working, the gal just wasn't listening or hearing me correctly or something.  I had a question and apparently questions don't fly out at the menu.  When I got to the window and asked "can you leave a few fries w/o chili on them?" the look she gave me was complete bewilderment - like nobody had ever asked her a question before.  Frustrating.  I'll go here again because it's on the right side of the freeway, on my way everywhere.
4	Good fast food Mexican food. Clean restaurant.Drive thru is fast. Friendly staff.Decent menu and specials when eating on a budget.
4	Good mexican fix when I'm looking for a quick note at a fair price. Love the shrimp tacos!!
1	I've been coming to this Del Taco for a few years now and, aside from a sluggish drive-thru and the occasional green/red sauce mix up, haven't had issues. Just went there on a "quick" lunchtime run. Had 5-6 cars ahead of me in the drive-thru and somehow ended up waiting 15 minutes to order and another 5+ minutes to get to the window to pay. I watched people who had been behind me in the drive-thru (but weren't trapped by the actual drive-thru like I was) back up, go inside, eat their food, and leave before I'd even paid. Gal running the drive-thru totally butchered my order. Different number of tacos, wrong sauces on burritos, etc. Went inside to talk to the manager. Cashier told me they "weren't there." After I refused to simply accept them remaking an already wrong order (was charged for more tacos than I wanted), they grabbed the manager from the front of the food line. Manager was a total *****. Didn't care that their drive-thru was moving so slowly, didn't comprehend that I was charged for things I didn't even want, etc. Simply left it at I could A) Have my order remade or B) Get a cash refund. Told her I used a card and would prefer that to be re-credited. She clearly didn't understand that either, so I begrudgingly took the cash refund just to get out of there. She then threw the food into the garbage and tried to take my receipt. I told her she was leaving me something with a customer satisfaction number, she tried to make excuses, and eventually just handed me somebody else's old receipt.Will be very surprised if I go back.
2	I got a steak and potato burrito and they put freaking cheap French fries on my burrito to fill space. Del taco sucks big ones. The best part was the sauce that killed the flavor.
4	Just grabbed an epic burrito.  This thing should come with a warning... I honestly could not finish this thing.  It was so delicious!  I think it was less than 4 bucks.  I'd know for sure but we weren't given a receipt.The guy at the drive through was very pleasant & quick.    So stuff!
