4	Ate lunch here the other day, and was very impressed.  Tons of great food, unique atmosphere, over the top service.  Would definitely recommend.
1	I went there last night with my Brazilian husband, we weren't impressed.  The former owners must have sold the place, because there were no Brazilians working in the restaurant, and it is now connected to an Indian restaurant.  As for the food, the meat was very fatty and we both felt sick as if it had been treated with tons of meat tenderizer.  All in all it was not a good meal and the atmosphere was lacking as well.  Yuck!
2	Took my wife there for Valentines day, and was fairly disappointed. I have visited other Brazilian steakhouses before so I had an idea of what to expect, unfortunately this place did not meet my expectations.The food was fairly good, the bacon wrapped scallops were terrific. They are also attached to an Indian Restaurant, so you are able to sample from the Indian food, which was pretty good.The service and selection was the disappointing part. They only brought out like 4 or 5 types of meat to try, and the selection on the hot bar was pretty thin.Next time I will go to Chima...
1	We only decided on Brazas instead of Chima because we got a deal from Groupon. We thought this would be a good way to try a Brazilian Restaurant with some savings. We would have been much better off going to an upscale steakhouse. This was complete buyer's remorse. We hoped for an experience but there was none, at all. The server was weird, kind of off putting. The girls who filled our glasses and picked up our dishes were nicer. They came with meat often and it was kind of annoying because we could barely have a conversation or get up to go to the bar. It is not like there was anything on the bar though, the salad was awful, I didn't even have any. The best food I ate the whole night came from the Indian bar, which was sad because that whole side was empty. The sangria was not good. The meat was fatty. The only thing everyone loved a lot was the grilled pineapple, which I was still not impressed by. For the price I think there should have been some dessert on the bar which may have salvaged the night. Everyone there had a groupon, and I don't think anyone there will go back. We were hoping to at least get an experience, but was extremely disappointed .
2	I had been to one other Brazilian steakhouse a few years ago in Dallas and it was freakin amazing. However, Braza's wasn't great. It wasn't bad, but the food didn't seem freshly cooked; more like it had been under a warmer too long. Most of the meats were ok. The flank steak was great, chicken was good, sirloin was ok but sort of bland, the pork was good, lamb ok, alligator (yes, alligator) was not bad (my first time trying). The atmosphere was the most disappointing element of the whole experience, as the picture on their website made it look like a 4 or 5 star fancy restaurant, with a nice picture of a glass of wine -- however when we arrived, it looked similar to the interior of a Golden Corral (not exaggerating) - definitely not a place that is likely to impress your wife/girlfriend. Also, be prepared, the restaurant is actually split in half: one side is Indian and the other is Braza's; so, it had the thick smell of an Indian restaurant in the air- which kind of worked against our Brazilian appetites. I have to say the service was pretty good. The wait-staff was friendly and seemed to want us to have a nice time.The pricing was about $40-45 a person, which I thought was a bit high for this particular establishment-- and I walked away feeling like if I was going to spend that kind of money, I could've done better elsewhere.
3	Now, I normally Yelp before I go to a new place, but this place was HIGHLY recommended by some friends of mine, so I went out on blind faith.   Previous reviews aside, my experience was NOTHING like theirs!  The place was packed (on a Friday night, Christmas Eve) and the ambiance was very nice!Our servers couldn't have had better table-side manners and the meat was good!  Everything I had was hot, fresh, juicy and cooked to heaven!  Roasted meat on a stick brings out the primal nature in me and I would consider myself a well-to-do Southern (California) Belle!  I rolled up my sleeves and duked it out with the best of them!  I even tried a piece of alligator, and yes, it tastes like chicken (which now begs the question: WHAT EXACTLY DOES CHICKEN TASTE LIKE IF EVERY F'N THING TASTES LIKE IT?!).  Lastly, what I most appreciated was the rotisserie pineapple....*drool* covered in butter, cinnamon and sugary deliciousness.  According to the servers, it's served last so the acids from the fruit help with the digestion of the heavy meats.  Whatever, it was F'N YUMMY!!Honestly, I've been to better Brazilian BBQ spots, but none of them are in the state (Um, Fago de Chao is on my wish list thank-you-very-much).  It was a bit on the pricey side, but considering it was all-you-can-nom meat, meat, and more meat (and a salad bar blah, blah, blah), I feel it was worth it.  I'll definitely have to do some more recon on this place and see how it goes.
1	This is a letter I wrote and sent to their manager. AVOID this place, go to Chima! I have to give a star to review it, unfortunately I can not give negative stars!I visited your restaurant on Saturday, Jan. 29 with 11 of my friends and family. Most of the members of our group wanted to try something different so we decided to go to your establishment. What a mistake!When we first sat at our table our waiter, Clinton (we found this out when we paid), never greeted us like most servers do when you go to every restaurant. Instead of greeting us he just lit the candles and acted like he would have rather been any where else than there. After the lighting of the candles, instead of asking if we have more coming since we had empty chairs, he just starts the explanation of the dinner. Still without a welcome to Brazas or Hello, he was just a total ass. Maybe the reason he was such an ass is that he already had the gratuity since our party was 8 or more and he thought why even bother. After dinner while some of the people are cleaning off the table, one the members of our group asked if there were any desserts without any acknowledgment from Clinton. After this Clinton came back to the table, another member of our group asked about dessert since we didn't get an answer the first time and we finally got some acknowledgment. Clinton basically told us to hold on a minute instead of just answering the question, by the way it was not busy. What kind of server does this? After all of this it wasn't over yet. So we finally get our tab without being asked if we need it split or anything, which usually when there are 10-15 people at a table there is a good chance it will be separate checks. Now we have to walk up to the computer to separate our checks, oh not Clinton, WE all go up to the computer. On the way to walk up there, "good ol' Clinton" tries to sneak by one of our party members and almost runs her over. This asshole could have just open the other door, but instead tries to squeeze by her. Then luckily for us, our night is still not over because we get the pleasure of having to wait on Clinton to separate our tickets and unfortunately we could not take off the gratuity that he did not earn a cent of it. The other servers did earn their gratuity though.One of the other complaints we had was the Indian buffet NEVER got replenished. We asked twice for more food, and after an hour and a half still nothing.I have previously went to Chimas, downtown Charlotte, and i expected a similar experience since the restaurant concept is similar. That did not happen! I will never step foot in your restaurant again and neither will any of my friends, who may have been there or not. This is the WORST experience I have ever had dinning out. I will gladly go to Chimas or anywhere else other than your establishment, and I would pay double to have a better experience.DO NOT bother in sending me any coupons or gift certificates to your establishment because there is now way in HELL I will step foot in that place again. When my group goes out we just want to have an enjoyable time and this was a total and complete FAILURE!Thank you for being the worst dining experience ever!Josh Green
1	I was one of the party of 11 that went with another reviewer. I agree whole heartedly with the experience related by him. Rude waiter (clinton as noted in other reviews) SLOW service. I think they had 2 guys getting meat at a time. 5-10 minutes between skewers of which they would give a slice in the same amount as a slice of ham from a package for sandwiches in a grocery store. A slice from that package. Seriously, we got some alligator (after requesting it) and the size was like popcorn chicken from KFC, and I got 2 pieces.  For a 400+ plus bill, this was a very bad experience. Only thing good that night was the garlic beef and the bar (yesterdays, next door, not related to this place)  that saved the night for our group.
3	food was decent chicken a little over done. But a good time overall.
3	Every thing was good the only problem I had was the flank was not up to par, sad thing they will be closing end of the month
2	"CLOSED"?  I have to say I'm not surprised...
