5	Open barely a week, I couldn't wait to try some new Pgh BBQ. Most places around town I have tried it, I have not returned, call me picky I suppose. You can smell the smoke when you park your car. The place has been given a much needed facelift, it is clean, has a non-smoking seating area, has 3 different service bar areas, big screen tvs, a stage for planned DJs, bands and karaoke and an open kitchen. I saw a wood pile that they use to fuel the grill for burgers, etc. An extensive menu offers lots of options for meat, seafood and sides, we had the chance to try a little bit of a lot of things. I did have a chance to talk to the owner and learned the pulled pork alone goes through a 12 hour process to go from raw pork, to what is on my plate. He is also a former USDA inspector which is comforting when running a kitchen and dealing with raw product in food service.Meat Party:The sliced brisket is tender, a little fat cap left on for moistness, dry rubbed spices, yum! Pulled pork is juicy and has a well balanced flavor, it is not served over-sauced, the way I prefer. They have wet brisket, chopped brisket sauced up, used on sandwiches, loaded fries and nachos. The smoked grilled wings, OMG something different in town, really a MUST try! Big on flavor, deep layers of smoke topped by a flame kissed skin. You can get them with any sauce, we got the 'signature' which is pleasantly perfect. Some sauces can be too sweet or too spicy, or even grainy, this was none of those, it was remarkably unremarkable (a good thing). It lets the meat shine through which a true BBQ lover can appreciate. They have both baby back and St Louis ribs, each has a nice bark on them and fall right off the bone on command. Also on the menu was honey glazed chicken, it is a top seller and I will try it on my next go-round.We also sampled the southern fried chicken, such a light coating of batter but big on flavor, tastes like it had been marinating in seasoned batter for sure! The fried shrimp also have a delicate tempura like batter and are large in size. We had them as sliders, on Cellone's mini buns with shredded lettuce and a sriracha mayo. These were also one of my favorites of the night, unexpectedly. I went for BBQ, and came out in love with shrimp and pickles (BBQ included) PS- Get the fried pickles, just do it.Sides:They have everything a southern menu should or could have. My personal favorite was the house made cornbread. Hearty and sweet, didn't fall apart and was even better the next day as breakfast! Fresh cut fries and house fried tortilla chips as well. Next time will have to try the biscuits, greens, black eyed peas, mashed potatoes and the rest. The owner says they smoke their own bacon and hocks to flavor the sides with - most ingredients are made from scratch, he focuses on freshness and knowing where food comes from.I like knowing where my food comes from, maybe not the name of the pig, or what farm it came from, but knowing it was made with pride and so are all it's friends. I left with a smile on my face, sauce on my forehead, smoke on my fingers and an appointment at the gym for tomorrow. I give The Smokehouse Bar & Grill a high five.
1	I attempted to eat here twice in the short time that they have been open. Each time the kitchen was closed at a time it was said by the staff on the phone to be open. Each time they were rude about being closed. The staff suggested that I call the manager and she would be happy to work something out. When attempted to speak the to manager about extending the date for redemption of the Groupon I purchased for the location and she said,  "I'm too busy to discuss a freakin' Groupon" and hung up on me. It was all really disorganized which is perhaps understandable for a new location but mix in rude management and its just not worth the trip, EVER.
