5	I'm so glad this location opened. Before this, we had to drive all the way out to Mesa to get a donut fix. The donuts are great; and when that sign is on they can't be beat.
2	Love Krispy Kreme but I do not like this location...it has only been open a short while and already the floor behind the counter is filthy. No free glazed as you wait for service...understaffed and no atmosphere makes this a take away spot...
5	What's not to like? I'm glad they're back in the valley.
1	Bogus Krispy Kreme location does not make donuts here!  "We're waiting for our donut delivery truck."  All they had left were lemon filled donuts. :o  I'm not quite sure why they're not making the donuts here as all they do is glaze pre-made donuts.  You'll do better by finding a retailer or an actual KK store that makes the donuts.  Or just go to Caleefornia, where they're always have Krispy Kremes in stock :)
2	I used to love KK, and to keep myself in check I had one rule, I could only stop when the "HOT" sign was on and get one original glazed.  We were driving last night on Shea and I saw KK, then I saw the "HOT" sign on and scream, "Hot sign on, Hot sign on", so my hubby diligently swerved around and we went to KK.  I think this place is new, otherwise I would have known about it.  The service was chaotic.  There were only two families in front of us, however they were scattered all over the place and when we tried to order, they told us you need to order "there" pointing at a vague area near the window you can watch the donuts being glazed.  Again we asked, because there were all this people crammed near the window.  I really don't understand why you would stare a donuts being glazed for more than 30 seconds, the next one is going to get the same treatment, then again, I really don't get Nascar either. But I digress, by the time we ordered, just two glazed ones, then we had to wait in line to pay, what???  I wanted the donut hot, if I wanted a cold donut I would have gone to the grocery store.  So my wonderful hubby, stayed in line to pay and I went to sit down to have my hot donut.  I am glad they are smaller than they used to be, I had the first bite, it was ok, but no wonderful memories or angel singing.  After we finish, my mouth had a horrible aftertaste.  I had to stop for gelato to take the bad taste out of my mouth.  I think this will be good for my hips, I don't need to stop by again.
4	Great doughnuts as usual. It has been a few years since I have had one. It just reignited my love for them.
3	I was so excited when I saw that Krispy Kreme was back in the Phoenix area!  I got a dozen to go ($8.99).  Their special doughnut right now is a chocolate strawberry filled doughnut.  It's rich, indulgent, with a chocolate-strawberry ganache-type filling, everything you want in a doughnut!  While in my head I imagined a pillowy-soft cloud of sugary heaven, I think I forgot that only the original glazed seem to capture that very soft, pillowy texture in the dough, while the other versions taste more like typical doughnuts you might find at say, Dunkin Donuts.  The variety I got tasted OK, was fresh, and service was friendly.  I'll have to come here again to get an original glazed to see if it measures up to what I remember!
1	I used to work for KK, under the "Doughnut Dan" franchise, and it seems like it's all just going downhill.We were at 2, but are now down to one star, due to that I just got halfway through my latte and got a CLUMP of what looks like curdled milk. I opened the lid to find tons of them. Nasty, dude. Bleeping disgusting. I better not get sick.(Other things I do not like:)Most of the coffee drinks. They use Ghirardelli syrup (I have no idea why this makes them taste funny, but it does), and all the drinks taste "off". The white chocolate mocha tastes like sickly sweet alcohol syrup, the regular mocha tastes like cardboard half the time, and everything caramel is just way too sweet. I'm not fond of them not trucking in enough donuts - don't go in the evening, you won't have any left according to half the reviews, and if you do they were delivered at 5:15 am that morning; hardly day-old, but they won't live up to the hype if you get them at 7 pm. They need to go back to baking twice a day, just deliver fewer donuts at each time so they don't waste so much.The staff at this location are dumber than a box of rocks, but hey, so is everyone I worked with at mine (it's $8/hr, I guess I should stop being so picky). The woman gave us too many of the wrong donuts, my drink a size larger (because they were out of iced cups - again, Y U always out of things, KK?), and hot when it was ordered iced. It also tasted like sugar free vanilla syrup, BLECK.
3	Krispy Kreme Back in the Valley.......wohooooo.....wait....wait....wait....I can't get that excited because they need to make a few improvements. I was very disappointed to find out they don't carry the Creme filled Glazed Doughnuts anymore. While the Chocolate Coated Creme filled doughnuts are good.....the Glazed one's would make you slap the person standing next to you. If you were alone in the store you would slap yourself....LOL...that is how good they were. The location itself is also tricky because if your traveling West bound you have to make a U turn to get back to the establishment because it sits between 2 other stores. Finally the staff....OMG....they are all over the place....I mean that is the best way I can describe it. I guess you could just chalk it up to youth....but they really need to get there act together or this Krispy Kreme will disappear from the Valley soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	This location is always out of most donuts when we visit.  We have walked away empty handed in my last three visits as they are out of everything that my wife and I might want.  They do not make donuts at this location, they apparently truck them in from Mesa.  If they are going to truck them in, they either need to deliver enough to last the day, or send the truck back with more; apparently no one cares.  They need to get their act together soon, or they will end up like all of the previous incarnations of KK in the valley.  This location only gets two stars because the donuts are good when they actually have them.
2	Does the owner of this store NOT watch shows like, Restaurant Impossible, Mystery Diners, Restaurant Steakout?  If not, maybe he should as this store is likely to be an episode on one of these shows in the very near futre.Lets start with the drive through.  The sign is posted in such a manner that in order to see the left side you have to be position away from the little speaker thingy to place your order.  Maybe this is due to the rising sun.  If thats that case, move the speaker thingy so our orders can be heard.  I'm certin that our order was translated into mandarian chinese sometime between the time it left our mouth and entered the speaker thingy, as we had to repeat our order multiple times and they still got it wrong.Next, is the staff even trained at this location??????  Really, the young man taking our order didn't know a thing about the iced tea they served.  A major epic fail on menu knowledge, he didn't listen to the order as he got it 33% wrong, another major epic fail.Last the young ladie at the window.  Maybe she could have actully looked at the receipt and given us the proper order.  I'll bet we got a half dozen dounuts meant for the car behind us as we only ordered  12 and got 18.  Had they not taken their good ole sweet time getting our order to us, and had she listend to me the first time I asked for the tea and cup of ice I ordered, instead of making me ask twice more, one for the tea and ice, then again for the ice.  I might have focused on the fact we had two boxes of doughnuts, and returned the extra box.  As it was, I was running behind in getting my wife to work and the frustration of almost begging for tea and a cup of ice. I'm assuming the tall gentleman present in the shirt and tie was the manager, but he wasn't doing much managing from what I could tell.  It's also apparent that the staff was not very well trained and didn't know what products they carried or how to properly take an order.  If thinks keep going in this direction KK will once again be a figment in the imagination of Arizonianians.
5	Great service at 8:15 at night!  Hot fresh donuts, plenty to choose from and pleasant young men working the counter.
4	If you go on national donut day it's not cheating on your diet it's patriotic
3	Not the biggest fan of Krispy Kreme, but the doughnuts were fresh and the dining area was clean.
2	I've been to this location 4 or 5 times and even though the "light is on", they still give you stale ass doughnuts. I went today and the same thing happened but my fiance didn't want me to complain. The woman behind me did complain about the doughnuts being old even though they were coming down the conveyor belt but the employees acted like the customer was crazy for wanting them hot and fresh... The KK in Mesa is awesome; I'll never go to this one again.
4	The best original glazed! Love sour cream  cake and pumpkin too. Good coffee and now espresso
1	For the first time in my life, today this donut freak left my prize uneaten after 1 bite.  Stale, and gross "cheesecake" filling in a donut that tasted more like coconut than its supposed caramel cheesecake. To top it off, some machinery in pain was screaming overhead and the coffee they try to tout can only be creamed with half and half packets.  Full fat.  Just a bad place for one's morning donut.
5	I've been coming to this location since they opened! I am always giving this store 5 stars!They excel in making every customer satisfied. 5 stars in customer service all the way! Every visit I have always gotten a joyful and happy employee.The staff is always so patient and sweet to my kids as well.I really appreciate the little things from this store. I've been over two dozen times and no complaints from their food nor their service.Krispy 4 LifeExcellent tip: near Halloween get their trick or treat vouchers! Excellent little rewards for the kids, some vouchers never have an expiration date either and you can use the vouchers at any location!
1	They get shipments of already cooked doughnuts and just glaze them there. Fake doughnuts!
5	Absolutely the best doughnuts on the planet. The first step to conquering an addiction is recognizing that you have one. Is there a 12 Step Program for Krispy Kreme's cream-filled glazed doughnuts?
5	I don't know about the past reviews saying KK doughnuts are stale or fake, shipped in. I just got a dozen glazed originals & they are melt in your mouth yummy. Hot, fresh, yummy. Cashier did seem a bit out of it, but hey...we all have off days.
5	OMG!  Hot donuts off of the machine....  I'm so glad this place isn't too close to my house or I would be in serious trouble.  Coffee is delicious too!
1	Absolutely horrible! Cold donuts... had to put them on my dashboard to warm while driving to work, ordered a lemonade, huge mistake tasted like chemicals! Completely inedible. Never again krispy kreme!
4	Solid. We won free donuts for a year (52 dozen) from their grand opening in October 2012 and we got our last one a few months ago. Really sweet donuts and I personally got sick of the original glazed from getting them so much, but I would get their cinnamon apple or chocolate frosted ones the next time I go.
3	I'm not a huge doughnut person to begin with; Krispy Kreme's may be about the only doughnuts I will eat. That being said, I probably hadn't had a Kristy Kreme in over 10 years.I chose the drive through... that was my first mistake. It took FOREVER. I figured it took so long because they had to make the doughnuts... apparently not. All the doughnuts in the box were cold. Whatever, I wanted to taste this thing and see if memories of my childhood would come flashing back... apparently not. It didn't have that same sweet flavor I recalled as a kid :( kind of disappointing. A cold doughnut with less flavor than I remember.I guess I'll have to try it again when the "hot now" sign is on... or stick to the last 10 years of not eating doughnuts.
5	Got my free coffee & donut courtesy of their birthday program.  Once you sign-up and during your birthday month, they will e-mail you a coupon good for either iced or hot coffee and a donut of your choice, can't beat that.
4	Best doughnuts = Krispy Kreme! And this location has wonderful friendly staff as well as being clean and well kept.
