4	This place opened about a month ago, but it's our first visit here. The owner was very nice, and they have a great selection of dog accessories, treats and food. When it gets a little cooler, i'll be bringing my dog to shop here and then eat next door at crepe expectations!
4	Still in the opening phase. Great little pet shop with a variety of different all-natural treats and food selection. The owner is super nice and you can tell she is very prideful in what she does. Very clean store! Can in to get treats for my dogs birthday. Was hoping to get her a new outfit, but they aren't carrying clothing just yet - bummer. Anyhow, it'll be my one-stop pet shop when the clothes come in!
5	Lots of great products and they were super friendly and informative.  They are even special ordering dog food for us
5	Went in today to get my shih tzu puppy groomed by Brenda, she did a great job on calming him down since it was his first grooming and his cut looked amazing! Thanks Brenda we will see you soon!
5	Love this place, and so does my pet! First time we stopped in, we were having crepes on the patio next door with our pup, and stopped in to have a look. The staff was friendly and helpful with suggesting new dog treats and chew toys to try. They also walked me to the back where they do the grooming so I could take a look... It was clean, inviting and our dog felt super comfortable, which was a good sign! Kim, the groomer, is so great with dogs and does SUCH a good job. My dog is still happy and upbeat when I come to pick her up, meaning she was well-treated and wasn't put through a traumatic experience (like in the past after visiting other groomers). Plus it's reasonably priced too: $45 for my 12 pound dog. Would highly recommend for grooming and just to bring in your pup for some yummy treats!
1	They butchered my yorkie I asked for a trim about  an inch off.. she wasnt matted or anything she just needed to be cleaned and reshaped. They said ok. I dropped her off at 12:30 and didn't  get called till 4. When  I get there  my dog is shaved!!!!! Mind u its winter and now she is bald... oh well.
5	I needed a new harness for my new pug Luna and happened to be on this side of town instead of the north side and I LOVE the store. Great customer service just like the Las Vegas location man I'm excited for you Henderson!
