4	Mike showed up on time and was able to fix my KitchenAid ice maker in short order.
5	I called Mike to repair our Kitchen Aid refrigerator.  He was able to fit the repair call in his schedule and was very prompt.  He offered me options with regards to the repair as well as his professional opinion.  Mike is a highly experienced professional and brings years of expertise.  I feel the fees were very fair for the work that was required and would not hesitate to call Mike again.
2	They came fast and fixed it quick, but the guy must have been having a bad day. The owner himself came out and was completely rude, and had an attitude the entire time, He insulted my landlord and when I put him on the phone he totally denied saying he was a crazy guy. We actually got into a nasty argument, but he refused to leave without his 70 dollar service charge. Fair enough. He ended up fixing it and charged 235 for a defrost thermostat. FYI, it's cheaper if you pay cash.
5	When we moved into our new house, our ice maker didn't work. After about 5 months, I got sick of buying ice from the grocery store and called both our home warranty and KitchenAid (the make of the fridge) to get some recommendations for refrigerator repair. Between those two companies, I was given 4 names for repair places.I spent about an hour searching and reviewing all four companies on Google. 3 of those companies had a host of terrible reviews, and 2 of them had an F rating from the BB. Only 1 of the companies had mediocre reviews, and an A from the BBB.During my research however, I stumbled upon "The Refrigerator Specialist." I was a little skeptical at first, due to the same name and number popping up on multiple websites, without much other information. Despite this, there seemed to be a host of glowing comments.So, since the first 4 people recommended to me all looked pretty terrible, I took a chance and called this place. Mike (the owner?) answered the phone. I get the feeling this is just one guy running his own refrigerator repair business.Mike comes across a little gruff (think East Coast type of attitude) but got straight to the point. I called late on a Friday afternoon and he was here early Saturday morning. He took a look at my fridge, told me exactly what was wrong with it and what it would cost to fix. He didn't play games. He didn't try to up sell me. He didn't add on any crazy fees. His prices were very reasonable. Once we agreed on the price, he fixed it then and there (he had extra parts in his truck). It was honestly quite refreshing to deal with someone who is prompt, honest, and does quality work. The next time I have any problem with my refrigerator or freezer, Mike will be the first person I call.
1	Gave this place a call and whoever answered the phone gave me this attitude. Reminder, it's a business you are doing so act a little professional.
5	My bottom freezer refrigerator froze up and the top wasn't cooling at all.  After 2 days of praying, I called The Refrigerator Specialist.  The owner took my call, was out 3 hours later and it was fixed within an hour of him being there.  Fairly priced, great service and explained everything he did.  Also gave me a hella good warranty on parts and labor at no charge.  Definitely will use him in the future.  He's been doing this 30 some years and it showed.And PS.  I'm reading the remarks on here and I'm like what the what.  He was plenty pleasant and did a great job.  He definitely got right to the point, but who the hell wants to chit chat when your appliances are broken?  I think people are mistaking "Attitude" with knowing what he's doing and not blowing smoke anywhere mixed with East Coast convo skills.  If your refrigerator is broken, call this guy.  Enough said.
