5	Went to Local Bar and Kitchen, South Side, Pittsburgh. I don't think someone could have a bad time at Paint Nite - Apparently, this is new to Pittsburgh which is surprising because everything went really smoothly. Not a single complaint. Instead of boasting about how much fun it was, I'm just going to answer a few questions that I had going into it/some insight. -BYOB / SNACKS are by venue only. I went to Local which is a bar/restaurant and so we paid ourselves.  -Side Note, Local's food is really good, a lot of beer variety, and it was Wednesday Wine Night (buy a bottle, get a bottle)--There is not a lot of room to eat because the easels are set up close to each other so I would recommend eating before/after-We got drinks before we started and they had a server going around during so that you didn't have to make people move for you (we also took a break during to get more drinks/walk around to see others work and meet new people) -GROUPON had an amazing deals. It was basically half off. -Just bring yourself (paint/brushes/water/paper towel/smock/easel are set up before you arrive)-I recommend getting there 10 min. early to get settled. There was no designated seats for this one and due to the Polar Vortex, no one obviously wanted to sit away from the heater or near the windows. (especially if you're in a bigger group)-You are painting without an outline - completely free hand. The instructor is there to give inspiration/answer questions/paint with you/have fun.-You can paint whatever you want - the "theme" is just kind of a guide/something to make it more of an event.  -Went from 7-9. There was no rush to leave. We left our paintings and had a drink after at the bar to let our paint dry.-It's just fun. No pressure/judgment.-Some people were solo/some in groups/some just pairs. All accepted. We went on 1/29 at Local. S/O the "That Paint Lady" ... she was great. Super funny, encouraged drinking and really owned the room.
5	Went to the Steel Cactus event. Had such a blast! My friends and I will definitely be doing this again. The instructor was great and entertaining. Recommend this to all!
5	Love Paint Night Pittsburgh.Connie, the host, is super fun.  Can't wait to do it again.
5	My husband and I went to Local for this Paint Nite event and we had a great time.  We went early and had dinner.  I highly recommend trying the food here.  It was delicious!  The class was a very relaxed atmosphere.  You are encouraged to drink and be as creative as you want.  Our instructor Connie was awesome.  We will definitely go back.
4	I've done several Paint Nites in Pittsburgh, at Local and Steel Cactus. It's really fun, a genius idea! Very entertaining to see your friends' artistic skills, and look at other people's painting too. Very unique for a date night or a girls' night out, and you can make new friends there too. There are some frustrations, such as the temperature when it's winter -- the events are typically held in the upstairs deck areas of the bar/restaurant, which are covered in the winter but not heated!! They bring portable heaters but it was still unbearably cold 2 of the times I went. It can also be hard to get a "good" seat, a lot of people end up unable to see the model painting. And it can be hard to hear her explaining too, my friends and I are always going "what? what?" but then we just do whatever we feel like so it works out. And at the end we're alwyays sitting around for 30 min trying to get our painting to dry before we put it in our vehicles. Not that the Paint Nite people could invent rapid-drying paint, just sayin' that that's something to think about -- I usually take away part of a cheap plastic tablecloth they put out, and lay my painting on top of that in my trunk. It's really a great time, and you come away with a painting you could hang in your house! My first painting was terrible actually, but you get the hang of it eventually, so I have 3 good ones out of 4 events :)
4	Had a bunch of fun here. I had no idea what this event was, but I purchased a Gropuon to do this at a bar right down the street from my house (Del's Bar in Bloomfield). I went in and had a good time. I'm not sure whether our event was BYOB, but everyone who wanted food or an adult beverage just ordered or went to the bar. My one complaint would be that the event seemed to be a bit disorganized, but I think I went to one of the first events so maybe that was the reason. The people doing set up didn't seem to know what they were doing. However, the artist was very knowledgeable and was very helpful through the entire event. We had maybe 15 or so people, and she made sure to spend time with everyone during every step of the process. Not being talented to the art area at all, this was very helpful and enabled me to really enjoy the experience. I was quite surprised at how good my piece turned out. I'd definitely recommend going to one of these events.
5	I love love Paint Nite!  It's just something different and it's fun too!   When you first arrive you checkin, find an available seat, get your apron on, then get your drink and paint on!  They provide the paint, easel, canvas, apron, and brushes!  Pretty dope since you only pay 25 bucks. Well that is if you use groupon or some other coupon code.  The paint instructor, Connie, was awesome. Very entertaining to say the least.  I've been to two of her events thus far highly recommend.  Also, she mentioned at the beginning of the year the coupon code will be Pittsburgh and that gets you $20 off of $45.
5	Paint Nite Pittsburgh is NO Longer at Steel Cactus or local due to the issues explained in a comment. You can find the parties on paintnite.com and use code PITTSBURGH to save $20 on your ticket and use it for your drink!
