4	There is something about this Russian restaurant that always makes me feel like I'm having a homecooked meal.  You wouldn't guess based on the outward appearance, basically a storefront in the shopping center by the Copp's in Fitchburg, but this is really a top-notch restaurant.  I'd never really tried Russian cuisine other than the beef stroganoff that was my father's speciality and a couple of late-night stops at Pelmeni (RIP) before coming here with a friend last year.  He's part Polish descent and he kept saying how much the food reminded him of the meals his grandmother used to make when his family would visit Milwaukee years ago.  I'm not Russian or Polish and my two grandmothers' delicious meals were standard American fare, so I wasn't expecting to share his nostalgia.  But the food here has the unmistakeable quality of good comfort food that just feels like home.  I set the bar pretty high on my first visit, trying the "Zarski" stuffed pork loin with a spring salad and buckwheat (kasha).  This coupled with several Baltika #6 Porters made for a very filling meal and a strong desire to return.  The next time I came with my father, who went for the beef stroganoff to see how it measured up to his own.  This entree comes without accompanying noodles like my father has always done, but the beef with sauce is so rich and thick it did not seem to require anything else.  My father really enjoyed this, and has subsequently ordered it every time since, but his real love was the kasha.  I went with the stuffed cabbage, which is a dish that I've never really loved before.  Arbat's has a something more, maybe the spice or the tomato sauce, that puts it over the threshold.  This turned out to be the perfect meal on cold March night, and I came away convinced that this was going to be a regular destination.I've tried a decent amount of the menu to date, and I still put the stuffed pork loin with the kasha as my all-time favorite.  The pelmeni dumplings are delicious but it always seems like they're missing something without the spicy red sauce I used to get at Pelmeni on State.  The potato and cheese vareniki are really amazing, and the meatballs with mushroom sauce are pretty good themselves.  I'm personally a big fan of the Russian and Lithuanian beers that are served, but be careful because these are powerful - around 6 to 8% ABV - and come in big half-liter bottles.  There are only a couple of things that keep this place from being a no-doubt five star place.  The location does leave a bit to be desired for atmosphere, and the restrooms aren't even in the same place - you need to walk into the lobby of whatever is next door, and once the lights didn't even work.  Last winter we were seated next to the door, which led to cold blasts of February air every time someone came or went.  This didn't bother me as much as it did my mother, but it would be nice if they had some kind of curtain or something.  Also, there only seems to be one server every time I've been and on busy nights it can be a wait.  But these are minor trifles compared to the greatness of the food.  Whenever the winter seems to drag on forever or I just feel the need for something comforting, I'll make my way here.
4	Favorite was the Golubtsi: fantastic taste, and a generous size... and served with vodka... haha.  Also had the Kraut and Mushroom Vareniki, Siberian Pelmeni (dumplings), Beef Stroganoff, and Borsch.  The Borsch was amazing.  It was rich and beefy.  The dumplings were probably my least favorite.  They just sorta seemed like regular meatballs inside a ravioli-like wrapper.  But everything was pretty good anyway.  Except the Georgian wine.  Georgian wine should not be tried.  But definitely have Russian or Latvian beer!  Service was really good and they were playing some strange Russian/Soviet movie on TV too.  I think I'll go back some day and try some other things on their menu.
4	I used to cringe just thinking about borsch, but eating at Arbat changed everything. I was pretty leery of going to a Russian restaurant hidden in the far corner of a strip mall, but Arbat did not disappoint. We arrived around 5 on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting a table. Our waitress had a distinct Russian accent, which was a good way to start the night. She was friendly and helped answer our questions about the menu. Arbat is a small, but the atmosphere is pleasant. Everything I tasted was very good. The mushroom dumplings were my favorite--a flavorful filling inside a perfectly-cooked pasta pillow. The kraut and mushroom vareniki was little heartier but also very flavorful. The chicken stroganoff was very rich and the chicken was perfectly tender. The borsch was perfect balance of hearty and brothy. So flavorful and not too beet-potent. There is a wide selection of eastern European beers, wines, and of course vodka. We also tried the kvass, a fermented Russian soft drink made from rye. Similar to beer, but non-alcoholic and slightly sweeter.
5	Amazing amazing pelmeni and perogies. You must also have the honey crepe dessert. Very friendly.
5	Any place that has a vodka menu is a good place as far as I am concerned, plus there are direction on how to do shots...including the fact that you should repeat the procedure every few minutes.  Fantastic.The mushroom pelmeni is absolutely amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to fill up on booze and sour cream-dipped delights.
4	Once you get past the shopping center location, the place is very friendly with good food.  It is easier to get a table than you would expect given fair prices and good preparation.  I have had better borscht (Russian Tea Room - Chicago) but it was okay.  Pierogies were tasty, anxious to go back to try other items.If you are interested in Vodka, the menu demonstrated technique for proper enjoyment.  More people should discover and try.  I good experience.
1	Nasty, nasty, nasty food.  Worst expierence in quite awhile.
5	Please come back you guys were awesome!!
