5	Montrealers are used to sloppy saucy BBQ, think of Scores, Baton Rouge, Bar-B-Barns and the undisputed king of Montreal BBQ, Le Boucan. Everything is steeped in sauce and something gets lost.But there are many states in the US that are known for smoked BBQ and they all have their approaches. Sauce, dry, tangy, vinegary, sweet, cidery. Blackstrap BBQ goes dry... don't stop reading please.The beauty of dry is that the flavour never gets buried under sauce. You get to experience the flavour in their rub, taste the porc or beef. DRY IS GOOD.Plus they gots sauce, a spicy one and a sweet one, where you can control your saucing.They have the classics. Ribs, Pulled Pork, Brisket, Collard Greens, Slaw, Beans and some other more modern BBQ goodies. I can't properly identify what's in their rub yet but it is tasty beyond measure. The bark is creates on the meat, whether it's the ribs, the pulled pork or the brisket is like pure candy. The ribs are meaty, tasty and NOT fall off the bone. Yes, yes I know, but having more chew to it is better. The taste is pure pork goodness. Combined with the rub bark... makes you want to believe in gods. Same for the beef brisket, which has a thick layer of fat that after the smoking progress simply melts in your mouth along with the crumbling meat, without overwhelming you with fatty taste and it is seriously one of the best brisket I've had.The pulled pork disappointed me a little - perhaps it's the batch - and seemed to be lacking the fat that makes pulled pork so freakishly delicious. The whole point of using the Boston butt is because of the flavour and the fat. The pulled pork I had was on the dry side, not sauce-less-dry, but dry of fat. Hopefully it was just the batch.The beans, also a disappointment, but I'll blame my finickiness about beans on that. The smoke was overwhelming and the beans rather firm, the dreaded bean-bullets. I prefer slow cooked to perfection beans and by slow cooked I mean about 8 hours of cooking. Their fries are really good, surprisingly since American style French-fries are usually dry, crispy bits of tasteless potato disaster. But they have found a tasty middle ground here. The cole slaw is unpalatable, much to much vinegar or cider in the dressing and despite my adoration of cole slaw I can easily overlook that because of the following...DEEPFRIEDMACN'CHEESESeriously, I could rave about their smoked meats, but the deep fried Mac n' Cheese is insanely delicious. I expected some Mac n' Cheese because, it's the southern side of choice. But to have little balls of Mac n' Cheese battered and fried, is pure heaven. Pinch of salt, melted cheese in the middle... crazy stuff, crazy stuff.The decor, the good service, the proximity to my home, all make for BBQ goodness and joy. Only 2 tables, the rest if the seating are stools to a bar. The open kitchen allows you to grok at the food being prepared and talk with the cooks/owners. They have take-out also. I suspect that once the work out the kinks, things will only get better. I sincerely hope the restaurant is popular with Verdunites because I want it to stay open for a long time which at the same time is a bad thing... I'm gonna eat there to often.
5	YELPERS! Take note ~ you have GOT to try this place (and then probably come in every other week!) - big fan already, of this unique place in VerdunAtmosphere:  The Blackstrap place that specializes smoked barbecue (very slow cooked) meats.  Dilan, the owner / chef, spent the summer of 2012 competing in BBQ competitions (these sort of things exist?) all over the U.S., even wining acclaim for his Brisket receipt.  The seating is basic and the place is set up with a distinct rustic feel to it.Service:  Partly help-yourself (i.e. you must pick up your food at a counter) partly waiter service (you can ask the staff if you have requests).  I found the people there downright loveable, and very very accommodating and approachable.  You'll love coming here for the crowd too ~ youngish and usually in groups, the place fills up quite a bit at dinner time.Food:  Top (top) marks.  Unlike the run of the  mill BBQ places around the city (think Baton Rouge, St. Hubert, & Scores) Blackstrap smoke BBQs their meat slowly, giving the meats (Pork, Beef, Chicken, and Turkey) a dry (non-greasy) hickory flavour.  Absolutely the best BBQ, to be had.  Made as a plate or in a sandwich, the menu items are too the point, and made to satisfy (I'm a big fan of uncomplicated menus).  Blackstrap makes their own BBQ sauces (sweet or spicy) for those who like a little moisture on their meal, and offers a set of side dishes (fries, bbq beans, deep-fried mac'n cheese balls, coleslaw salad). Prices for all this deliciousness (and generous amounts) is beyond reasonable, it's a downright bargain.A must visit place ~ thank me later!
5	If you're in to ribs and are in Montreal, you need to make the trip down to Verdun to get some of Blackstrap.The burnt bits poutine is fantastic, and has catapulted it's way in to my list of top poutines in Montreal. It's made with the crispy bits of the beef brisket (aka. the best bits of the beef brisket), a good solid gravy, and fresh curds.I got the half-rack ribs plate (comes with coleslaw and a side) and the dry-rub on the ribs is amazing. They have a sweet and a spicy rib sauce to put on, but I didn't even need it - they dry-rub is that good. I want to say it's the best dry-rub I've ever had, but then my girlfriend might get angry.For my side I had the mac & cheese, and while I'm normally not a fan (probably because I'm not from North America) these were good. They are my favourite re-interpretation of mach & cheese I've tried so far.There's not much seating available, but the place is well designed, clean, and the service was very friendly. You can call in your order and then swing by to pick it up.
5	Take a second and admire the hard work of the smoke permitting the meat, providing a fleshy pink ring to the brisket. The bark was sweet and mysterious and lent just the right amount of seasoning - the slaw also helped cut through the heaviness of the meat. The heap of meat in between the buns was generous; rubbed with spices, penetrated by smoke... and then I just took the description of the sandwich into a totally different place
5	you must go eat here if you like bbq!!! the best in the city hands down.  i ate everything on the menu and it was all amazing.
5	Southern BBQ has finally come to Verdun!While Black Strap sits on the same digs as the recently-vacated-and-still-mourned Casa Manolo, the ambiance is completely different. First off, it's extremely informal, the way BBQ should be, with rolls of brown towel paper on each table, service is very friendly and casual. The two large tables up front look like gigantic picnic tables.Then there is the food! OMG Reader! This is probably one of the few places in Montreal that finally has gotten American  Southern BBQ right and done the right way. No disgusting drippy sauces and coating of brown sugar like Bar B Barn. No half-assed attempt at "faux" BBQ like Bofinger. The got the smoking, the got the rub, they got it all right. Prices are also very reasonable and the place has a virtual line up almost every night. (Please for the love of God, stay in Verdun!).They literally just opened up a few weeks back so I'm guessing there may be new additions to their menu, because for the moment there are no desserts. If they do it, do it all the way! Bring on the Shoofly Pie, Sweet Potato Pie, Red Velvet Cake, Hummingbird Cake, Peach Cobbler, sun brewed iced tea and Mint Juleps!
5	Only one word: yeeeeehaaaw! Finally real southern BBQ cooked slow and low in Montreal. Word traveller, humble pit master, Blackstrap owner Dylan Kier is a young alchemist constantly looking for ways to perfect his culinary craft. The result is simply divine! Extremely friendly, the staff makes ordering lunch or dinner such a pleasure.Last week, I ordered the pulled pork platter (very juicy) with a side baked beans (not too overdone like other places) and tangy cole slaw. Had to come back a week later for the dry rub smoked half-rack of ribs since they ran out. The trip back was worthwhile... also added an extra side of tasty beef brisket and hand cut fries. Don't forget to try both the sweet bbq sauce as well as the hot sauce (not that hot btw).Will certainly return to try the "burnt ends" Poutine since it contains a good mix of lean and less lean brisket odds ends. For those working downtown, it's less than 15 minutes away by car - worth the detour!
5	Having tasted a lot of BBQ and smoked anything i have to say that i am willing to sell my mother for some of their brisket.  I have never seen a smoke ring so deep.   And dear god do i ever recommend their burnt ends poutine.  The first time i went i asked them what they did with the shavings that were left on their slicer and the guy with a huge grin said that is what goes in the poutine sauce.   I have been there four times, since they opened and they are always packed, yet their staff is always smiling and joking with the patrons the two guys behind the counter are a treat all in themselves.  The best part is that they are getting a second smoker all the way from Tennessee.
5	This is a great place!  While they are still working out the bugs of being a hit restaurant from their first week (unlike most restaurants,) they really have a great thing going.In Montreal, it is easy to find a good poutine all over the place.  The burnt ends poutine at Blackstrap is the best damned poutine I have ever had.  A tad on the salty side, it works.  From the dry fries that soak up the amazing gravy to the chunks of delicious brisket, this is the only poutine I find myself eating now.I love a good dry rib.  By dry I mean not slathered in some goopy, overly sweet sauce.  They have a great sweet sauce you can add yourself, but they thankfully let you decide how much you want by leaving it at the table.  The Mac and Cheese balls are deliciously cheesy and crunchy all at the same time.  It is hard to order just enough for your meal since every single thing I have tasted so far is great.  I want it all, every time.Friday and Saturday night can be really busy, but no matter when you go, the food is amazing.   Go!  Eat!
3	Headed here for an afternoon playing hookie from work. We ordered Le Gros, a sampling of everything Blackstrap offers, pulled pork, ribs, chicken, smoked meat, fries, collard greens, and more. Easily enough for two people, and it wouldn't be a stretch to share it among three people. I enjoyed everything, but for me, the real star was the chicken! Juicy and sweet, I could eat only that for an entire week. The thing that dumbfounded me? The rave reviews about the mac&cheese balls. Maybe I've just seen this before (and done better) at Tasty Bunz, something called the McCheezy is just over the top delish.The ribs were not the style of BBQ I enjoy. The rub was way too salty, and I love salt! The brisket was nice and tender, but Le Gros only had 3 slices of it in the box, so I really didn't get to sample enough to love it. The pulled pork was too vinegary, but it's all a matter of taste and preference, my preference is a thicker more rich sauce. In any case, I think Blackstrap is a solid addition to Verdun, and though I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Blackstrap, when I'm in Verdun, I wouldn't hesitate to stop in for a bite.
5	- everyone is already sayin to get Le Gros. Believe it. And get it. And  bring help to eat it.- burnt ends poutine. a must have while they still serve it. top poutine in montreal in my opinion.- i wish i lived in montreal- as a tip, we went super early because we heard that the place sells out quickly, and once they're out... they're done. - to help mitigate that.... https://twitter.com/bbqblackstrap
5	My new favourite BBQ joint in Montreal. Their ribs and brisket just melt in your mouth! Oh, and make sure you try the deep-fried mac&cheese bites, they give a whole new meaning to southern comfort food.
2	As I previously wrote, the hype is so strong for Blackstrap BBQ that my expectations were probably too high. Also, it doesn't help that my wife's recipes for dry ribs, pulled pork and slaw are out-of-this-world delicious...I apologize in advance for a review that will be mostly on the negative side of things...Here we go:Seeing how the restaurant is tiny and that they don't accept reservations, we decided to order out and take it back home...We were four and we each chose something different so that we could try them all...First disappointment: when we called, before rush hour at dinner time, we were told that they were out of brisket. We're talking Wednesday night at 5:00pm. KINDA odd. I understand that everything is fresh and that it's possible to run out of certain items once in a while...but we're talking mid-week, pre-peak time. They even mention on their website that they may run out of food...as if it was a good thing?!Again, I understand that everything is fresh and cooked for a long time, that they do not want to cook too much food and waste it but we're talking about a restaurant that is just opening and has to build its reputation. Mind you...seeing the amount of 5 stars on here...it seems like they already did. Anyhoot, this left a somewhat sour taste in my mouth (and I wasn't even the one to order brisket!)Speaking of sour...their slaw could definitely use a little LESS vinegar in it. Was not to my taste at all...As a main, I ordered the turkey sandwich with braised green. Aside from the fact that it was cold (we're a 5 minutes car ride away from the resto and it was 15 outside...), the sandwich was ok. I'd give it a 3 out of 5. As far as the greens go, they were also cold and watery. Not what you'd expect from a side of braised greens.Moved on to the ribs...didn't really understand what the fuss was all about. Same for the pulled-pork. The sweet taste that I like so much about pulled-pork was missing. On the plus side, the FRIED MACARONI AND CHEESE balls...WOW...amazing! If I had only ordered that...my review would also be 5 stars!Note that I did NOT try the burnt end poutine but one of the peeps in our party did and loved it.All in all, because I live in the hood, I'll eventually give Blackstrap another shot. Hope I'll be able to post a more positive review that time...Cheers!
2	hmmmm, what's all the fuss about?ok, first off the staff is very friendly and helpful, they are good people.That said, the bbq, is just lacking. We ordered Le gros, with the burned ends poutine.Le gros pretty much has everything, ribs, pulled pork and chicken. Mac n cheese, fried green, fries, coleslaw, baked beans, and pickles. The burned ends poutine had pulled pork.It all sounds impressive, and having read they won some gold medal at some bbq competition... honestly, the ribs were dry, the meat was tough and not fall of the bones at all. That's the most disappointing thing really. then the pulled pork which was moist and good but then some pieces were clearly sliced, which doesn't give it the same texture as pulled...the roast chicken was the only thing I liked, it was moist and tasted good. The coleslaw was nothing special, fries were very good. The baked beans, well it seems they put some sort of herbs in it which I did not like, and they were a bit too tangy for me... There are two bottles of bbq sauce on the table, a sweet one and a spicy one. I guess you're supposed to add it to the meat and eat, so you only put as much as you need... I'm not fond of this set up, I like my bbq drenched in the sauce as it cooks so the sauce permeates the meat, just my thoughts... and yes even with dry rub you brush some sauce on there to finish it off before serving!!! yeah all the meat had no bbq sauce on them!!!  whatchou talkin bout  Willis?The poutine was ok, not enough sauce and pulled pork didn't add anything, was I supposed to add the bbq sauce on the poutine?I was hoping for something good, but even for dry rub, ribs should not be so dry and tough to eat... did I get a bad batch?
3	I tried out this place a couple of weeks ago with my girlfriend. We went there early, because I had read that they sell out early. Everything was still available when we arrived, and the girl taking our order was very friendly. I got the smoked turkey sandwich, and my girlfriend got the brisket. We split sides of the deep fried macaroni and the beans. The sides were pretty good, the macaroni portion was huge and it's presentation was really cool - perfectly square macaroni squares.I really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere and the decor is great. But the BBQ is lacking. It really doesn't compare to BBQ I've tried in the States. The brisket was somewhat dry and just wasn't that great. Smoque in Chicago absolutely blew this place out of the water. If you absolutely want to try some BBQ, by all means, give this place a try. But make sure you try some real BBQ next time you're in the states. You won't regret it.
4	So I'm a girl from England who'd never had this smoked meat/barbecue stuff before I met my American boyfriend. Since I am also Jack Spratt's wife, I have loved every last morsel of flavourful meat in this category that I have tasted.I was hesitant about trying Blackstrap as the reviews are somewhat mixed. However, some barbecue seemed like just the ticket on a wet, slushy end-of-the-world night, when I had nothing in my fridge.He had the beef brisket with greens, and I had the pork with fries, and we shared. It was all moist and tasty, with burnt bits. The fries were also very flavourful and not too crispy or too soft. We particularly appreciated the slaw, which was nicely tart as opposed to the sweet stuff that Montrealers seem to prefer. Neither of us felt the need to add sauce to our meat - unadulterated seemed the best way to experience the flavour spectrum on offer. We washed it down with Black cherry and Ginger beer.We sat at the bar, watching the guys prepare orders. The chicken looked super moist and tender too. Unfortunately they were out of ribs. (FYI, this was a Friday, a little before 8pm.) We'll definitely try the burnt-ends poutine next time.The decor is simple but effective, with two tables with benches that could probably seat 8 per table. Otherwise there's the wall bar and the main bar. There's music that fits the fare, and it's loud enough to listen to but not so loud, it's intrusive. The staff/owners were friendly and helpful, and the overall experience certainly made us want to visit again.
4	Ordered Le gros. Food was excellent. Ribs and brisket stood out. Don't underestimate the chicken. Fries were perfect.Pulled pork and beans were good but I wouldn't go out of my way for either.Next time? Brisket sandwich with a half-rack.Those may have been the best side ribs I have ever eaten.
4	I had the pleasure of having Blackstrap BBQ cater our weekend lunch party at work last week and after hearing that there is finally a Louisiana style BBQ joint in MTL, well, colour me happy.I had a huge serving of beef brisket, a pulled pork sandwich, and of course collard greens, beans and slaw. Now the slaw goes best shoved into the pulled pork sandwich. The sweetness of the pulled pork contrasts the vinegar of the slaw. Count that as a tip for anyone green to BBQ foods.I loved their food and the owners are good people and great servers. I would love to go to their store in Verdun to try their poutine as well.
3	Blackstrap is set up exactly the way a southern BBQ joint should be: small, casual with a large smoker that takes center stage in the open kitchen.The menu revolves around five barbecued meats: pork, brisket, turkey, ribs and chicken.  You can get these in either sandwich or plate form, with quite a few sides to choose from.  When we showed up around 7:30PM, they had already run out of brisket and ribs, which didn't leave us much choice.We went with the Pork Sandwich (a hit) and the Turkey Sandwich (so-so).The lady at the cash machine was friendly and we didn't have to wait too long before getting our food.To be perfectly honest, our first visit to Blackstrap BBQ was rather disappointing.  We were expecting more food-wise, based on the overwhelmingly positive blog reviews it received.  Ultimately, however, we are having trouble getting past the whole "sold out" situation.
5	Mouthwatering BBQ!!! The chicken was tender and cooked to perfection and I can't say enough about their macaroni balls. Looking forward to going again soon!!
4	Seriously, their ribs...oooohhhhhhhhhhh yummy! Fingers licking good! And their deep fried mac'n'cheese is also awesome.And I can't get better in my review than what David D http://www.yelp.ca/biz/blackstrap-bbq-verdun#hrid:qEhENc0h6yWhHOceWPsClQ
4	Excellent BBQ (especially the sweet sauce.) You order from the counter. Price is reasonable. The fried mac & cheese reminds me a bit of fried cheese croquettes. The brisket was a bit dry, but adding the sweet sauce made it delicious. The ribs were wonderfully smoky. The cole slaw was vinegar based and very tasty. Seating is at a few tables. Nothing fancy, but does the job.
5	I am a big fan of BBQ. Pretty much everyone who knows me will agree with that. Southern style BBQ is not something we are known for here in Montreal but that is starting to evolve. We have recently been spoiled with the additions of Dinette Triple Crown and Diablos BBQ to the local scene. There is now a new contender for the crown which, given they won the Quebec BBQ competition this past summer, may be a mute point.Blackstrap BBQ just opened this past week in Verdun amongst much fanfare in the local food scene. Started up by the former owners of Grifintown Cafe, they are focused on Memphis style BBQ and based on all the pictures and quick reviews I was seeing online, I knew I couldn't wait long before going to try it out and my god was it worth it....I went for a fairly ridiculous amount of food mostly because there was so much I wanted to try and couldn't decide. First off, I went for a pulled pork sandwich, some brisket and the most tempted side they had, fried Mac 'n cheese balls. Yeah.... you read that right. Fried Mac 'n cheese balls. There was nothing on this plate that wasn't amazing. The pulled pork and brisket had great natural smoky flavor and that was before you added your choice of sweet or spicy BBQ sauce. The fried balls were outstanding. Soft and melty interior with a great crispy exterior. I could a bunch of those as a meal.I would have been satisfied with that alone but the special item written on the wall got my attention : burnt ends poutine. Oh baby.... that poutine. Words do not properly describe how great this was. The burnt ends on their own were perfect but you add to that a very good poutine especially the gravy which clearly wasn't an afterthought and you have a amazing dish which made the experience that much better.Verdun may be a little out of the way for some of you but I cannot recommend you check this place out more. As soon as I left, I waited to come back the next day. A sign of the quality and the word of mouth for this restaurant: they ran out of all their meats about an hour after we arrived.... almost 2 hours before their closing time. This was a great experience and one you shouldn't miss out on.Cheers!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it is close to my house and there are few good restos in my neighbourhood. The staff was friendly, attentive, informative and helpful. I loved them. The atmosphere was casual and cool, spot on. The food was mediocre at best. The ribs and the pulled pork were my favourite but too salty, totally edible though.The chicken was dry and very bland.The cole slaw sucks, big time.The baked beans suck, big time.The greens suck, really big time.The fried mac n cheese was edible even though i don't like mac n cheese, so that's something.Don't have high hopes and i certainly wouldn't stand in line for this food. We ate inside but there is outdoor seating on the street which would be a fun place to have some beer and ribs. Check it out for yourself, it seems to be popular.
4	We had gone on the weekend of St-Jean and to our surprise there was no more ribs! We were so sad I was craving them. That was a bit disappointing but that all changed.We got the chicken and I ordered deep fried macaroni as my side. Yes I said deep fried macaroni and it was seriously the greatest thing I have ever tasted! The chicken was delicious as well as there sauces. We had took it to go but next time definitely will stay and have a nice drink to go along with great food and hopefully get to try there ribs.
3	Soooo we've been wanting to try it for quite a while, but everytime we went it was either full (I mean, outside line-up full) or they did not have any brisket, beef nor turkey left (which leaves us with... not much). So we finally went, and it was good, but just OK good. The burnt ends poutine was tasty although a little bit too salty for me, and my boyfriend has the smoked turkey sandwich - which clearly should not be your #1choice if you do go, aim for the brisket if there's some left! I think it's a fun place to try, probably more fun during fall and winter when you need a bit of comfort. From what I remember I found the bill to be a little to high for what we did get.
4	Love this place!! The ribs are amazing!!
1	So I finally gave this place a try and I have to admit it was quite a disappointment.  We decided to have lunch there. Though I was going to try the pulled pork sandwich, I was warned it was not great. The only thing that was recommended to me was the chicken. This is the worst chicken I've ever had. It was so bad, I only had a drumstick and a few bites from the thigh. That`s not even a quarter of a chicken. It was incredibly dry...and that`s the dark meat, which is supposed to be the juicy part of the chicken. On top of that, I walked in not knowing what kind of service to expect so left the usual amount of tip I would at another place...the only problem was everything was self served.  The only thing I didn't have to do was cook my meal.I don`t know what went wrong because based on other reviews, this place is supposed to be great. I may be a bit confused by the word BBQ because I was thinking I'd get something as though it was off a BBQ, but it tasted very much like deep fried chicken.  I would much rather go to Braseiro for my chicken. I'm glad I did try something different, but I will not be coming back here.
3	Man I hate writing reviews that border so close between 3* and 4*.  I don't want to give this place an "average rating" with a 3* but I also wasn't impressed enough to say it was a 4*.  This time, the Blackstrap BBQ gets notched down to 3*.The food was good, but didn't blow me away.  I had the burnt-end poutine and the pulled pork sandwich.  The poutine was pretty much 4 stars, but the pulled pork sandwich was pretty average.  When I factored in the price (comparing to American BBQ I have had), I just didn't think the whole meal was quite worth the price.  I also found the BBQ sauce to not be as thick as I like it.
5	The brisket is tender, thick cut and perfectly set with the tangy coleslaw on its bun. Fries are crunchy and well seasoned. Burnt end poutine is so amazing, crunchy fries, tons of cheese and a rich thick sauce that has a bacony tasteAlso try the fried Mac' so good!
4	Almost...so close...just about.Blackstrap was thisclose to getting five stars from me, all but for an extra pinch of salt.On the recommendation of several Montreal Yelpers (wise, hip and above average in looks, the whole lot of them), I journeyed to the somewhat depressing area of Verdun to seek out this "burnt ends" poutine I'd heard about.  Walking from the subway, the neighborhood seemed a little shabby and down at the heels but the folks on the street seemed to be full of life so I figured I was in for a treat.And boy was I!  Walking into Blackstrap, the smell of BBQ meat is strong.  My mouth watered as I waited to place my order.  After ordering, I sat on a stool and watched the masters behind the counter prepare the orders.   As I was watching the guy prepare what turned out to be my order, I saw him add some salt and then toss the frites.  He then almost started to put the rest of the stuff on, but decided to add another pinch of salt.  I thought nothing of it and when he called my name, the glistening tray of fries, curds, gravy and burnt ends looked divine.  It was a nice night so I sat at a table on the sidewalk and enjoyed the envious glances of passerby as they looked longingly at my poutine.In short, it was delicious.  I mean- oh my gosh, this is so good- delicious.  About half way through eating it, the salt really started to add up.  Now, I'm pro-salt but it started to overpower the gravy and I can't help but think if he hadn't thrown that extra toss of salt in, this would have been perfection in a steel dish.But that's a minor nitpick on my part.  The poutine was amazing and it was my second favorite I had during my Montreal poutine crawl.
5	Rather than trying our luck with squishing five people into the restaurant, we decided to get takeout and I think we made a good choice.  Opening up the takeout containers while sitting around my sister's kitchen table, it felt like she had returned from picking up dinner at a friend's house.  A friend that is an AMAZING cook.We had a sampling of everything, aka "le gros", an order of chili fries and a dozen chicken wings.  This was the perfect amount of food for the five people we were chowing down.  Everyone ate until very satisfied, and there were even some leftovers.  I was wowed by the fact that while all the different meats tasted like "bbq", it was all different flavours and didn't all taste the same.  I really like the chicken wings, they are super meaty, not the little wimpy wings I'm used to.  And the flavour!  Delicious!  Move over Colonel Sanders, because THIS is finger lickin' good!  The sides were good too, the baked beans in particular with their smoky molasses flavour.  I wasn't super amazed by the fried mac and cheese, but I can see the appeal, it just wasn't my thing (but then I'm not a huge mac and cheese fan either).  The chili fries were delicious: this isn't your typical Wendy's style chili, this is braised beef goodness!  Think the bbq version of an Italian poutine.
2	I would only recommend this place for take out. The venue is horrible, it's so small. Francois at the cash was really cool. I paid with my card and the machine forces you to leave a tip. I don't think that is acceptable seeing as all he does is take your order from a cash register, you have to get your own drink from the fridge, you seat yourself (if you actually choose to sit there) or you take your stuff with you as you leave Don't see why I tip is needed. Pay cash, don't pay with your plastic is my advice. I ordered the ribs with fries, they were pretty good. No complaints. Wouldn't go back unless I want take out. If you want ribs there are plenty of better options in Montreal unless you are limited to Verdun. Don't even bother getting beer here unless you want overpriced crappy locally brewed beer. 7-8$ a beer? You can get Guinness, Stella, Carlsberg, etc anywhere else for that price or cheaper and someone actually hands it to you.
4	I eat vegetarian about 95% of the time, but when I feel like eating some flesh I have the turkey sandwich from Blackstrap. Super delicious and soooo flavorful. The braised greens and fried macaroni and cheese balls are really good, too! I know it's a BBQ place, and their whole concept is meat, BUT I would really, really, really love if they threw in a couple main vegetarian options.
4	Definately try the Fried Mac and cheese. It's amazing!  Service was great and quick. Loved the decor and atmosphere :)
4	I would definitely eat here again. I had the brisket plate with french fries and coleslaw.  The brisket was delicious, perfectly spiced and very salty! The french fries were also great, as was the coleslaw.  I like the atmosphere of the place, with small touches like the roll of brown paper on each table.  Another member mentioned this, and I agree, wholeheartedly, the beer selection could use some work.  There are a few craft beers to choose from that cost 7-8$ per bottle.  I think they could pick up their beer game and make some more money by selling a wider selection of beer at a better price.  This place ain't cheap for comforting, binge food (this is like, the ultimate hangover lunch) but it's a nice treat.  I think it would make great for take out as well.  Any pub that could pull off food like this would be off the chain.
4	To be honest, I didn't find the place that amazing like other Yelpers' reviews. We had the Brisket Poutine from La Poutine Week's special, and a Pulled-Pork Sandwich with Deep-Fried Mac&Cheese.The poutine was fabulous, the gravy was exceptionally tasty, but only small pieces of brisket can be found here and there. Seriously, where are the meats? It's suppose to be a "Brisket" Poutine, come on.The pork was slightly dry, and tasted kinda bland, but the texture was great. In addition to the homemade slaw and their special sauce, the sandwich was something special. The mac&cheese was really tasty, and they weren't kidding with the amount of cheese in there, superb!Gonna come back for the burnt ends and ribs soon!
4	I went there during the "Montreal poutine week" , their brisket poutine was so good, the meat was very tasty, however, the service was slow , we had waited about half an hour to have the poutine and there are not many tables, so maybe takeaway is better.
4	4.8 stars VIBE The .2 knock is for seating. I wish there was more seating though they do well for the space that they have. I'm lucky there was no line. Great staff - knowledgeable, friendly, put up with my million questions about the menu. WE ATE We ate...SO MUCH. Not that I need to mention the burnt ends poutine because that's what you should be getting. But I know, you also want the ribs or chicken (like I did) so what you can do is get the burnt ends poutine for an extra $8 on the side instead of a $3 side order of poutine. I think it was because I asked nicely. That said, I do feel they should change this in their ordering system as it may be a popular choice. Anyways, it's ultimate poutine heaven. It's possibly the best poutine I've had. The ribs are meaty and juicy. They're ribs! I wish there was a side sauce but there isn't. I loved the fried mac n cheese too - I could eat oodles of that. My friend said the chicken was really good but it wasn't "amazing." But good.I'd probably get the chili next time. It was mega good and meaty. Having the nutty tasting Goldings beer washed down the ribs and poutine perfectly. It gets pricey though - ribs, burnt ends poutine, coke and beer was $34. Worth it? Yes! I didn't really have to eat dinner and I had breakfast. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Strap on your fat pants because you're in for a ride. Extra elastic needed. PS Verdun is not that far or doesn't feel like it to me. BSBBQ is very accessible to the metro.
4	The brisket sandwich and brisket platter are awesome.I had previously had the pork ribs, and was not too fond of them, but I am willing to give them another try.Sweet and spicy BBQ sauces available on the counters and tables are delicious.  Great selection of side dishes.
4	Came here last week while looking for a quick dinner date place and am glad I did! Although a little small with very limited seating, and the fact that it was packed, service was fast, and the food was good. We ordered the brisket with a side of fried mac and cheese as well as the ribs with fries. Both were good but the brisket was waaaaaaay better! Falling apart, super juicy, and absolutely delicious would be my description.. The ribs were also good but not better than those found at Bar-B-Barn.. Fries were delicious. Mac and cheese was super disappointing. Didn't really taste like anything. Neither one of us liked the accompanying coleslaw and left it pretty much untouched. Bread wasn't good either.All in all a 3.5 rating, but since I can't allocate half stars (hint hint Yelp management :p), I'll round up because the staff was friendly and ambience was great. If you're in the mood for some BBQ, make your way here!
5	This place is awesome , love the beer! & the vibe is really wicked. Like what a real bbq place should look like. The mac n cheese is heaven in a bite , I love the pulled pork! And can we just say hoe amazing is the burnt end poutine!!! Ahhhhh I cant deal!! Simply amazing.
5	We had been searching for a good place to get some Southern BBQ and this place exceeded expectations!We brought a few friends that were also interested in BBQ and headed out on a Friday evening. We got there around 7 pm and they were quickly running out of things, but there was still lots of good options to choose from- but get there before 7 pm if you can! This is less of a problem in the summer when they have a second smoker out back so they have twice as much of everything.We had the pork and chicken, collard greens, and deep fried Mac and cheese! Everything was excellent and I particularly liked the spicy BBQ sauce. We also had the very yummy burnt ends poutine! The staff is super knowledgeable and the owners clearly know what they are doing when it comes to BBQ. It is a tiny place but is a great fun atmosphere and everyone there is clearly enjoying themselves - from the staff to the patrons. Since our first visit, both is and the friends we took have all been back multiple times for take out. There is always a big line up and the food never disappoints. Plus - we all wanted to try the BBQ ribs! Sooooo good.
5	I just need to reiterate, having been this week, that this is possibly the best BBQ in the city. It's a close compete with Triple Crown but it's so different and far away  there's no need to fight. The burnt ends poutine is one of my all time favourite things, and the fact that I'm currently eating the leftovers for breakfast should confirm that diagnosis. They also have Creemore springs on tap, and a few local bottled beers. The ribs and chicken wings and hot sauce are all exceptional, dry and vinagery and moist like crazy and the room is chill, not trying to be anything but still good looking and there are a few picnic tables outside to enjoy the thrum of life happening on Wellington.
4	it's not exactly a 4 but it's not a 3 either. it's somewhere in between.so, we had a CMYE poutine meet at this place for some burnt end poutine and a drink and get some conversation that would make little jesus cry like we always do! what can i say? when it's not an official event, we simply don't behave ;)about the poutine: comes in a metal tray. decent portion. loaded with brisket for one hot concoction on a hot day! was it good? yes. great like some are saying? no. why? when you factor in the price and location, its like you shouldn't be going out of your way if you have other southern bbq near you. i think the bucket meal would be a good deal depending on what you're getting.the sauce was rather disappointing. i only tried the hot sauce and it's more what i'd call "beginner hot sauce" or something you'd give your kid to introduce them to hot sauce. you could taste the tanginess but there was barely any tingling on your tongue.drinks: i got myself a spiked slushie. yes, slushie with alcohol. slushie was lemonade flavor. for alcohol, you had a choice between rum, gin and tequila. interesting and quite cooling on a hot day.cost me about $20 for the poutine and slushie. it was filling but.. something was missing. kinda when you go for a high five and the person leaves you hanging. that's the feeling
5	This is easily the best BBQ I have had in Canada. I'm from the American South and we don't take our BBQ lightly. This it one of the few joints up here that I would say serve actual BBQ, and boy they do it right here! I had the burnt ends poutine, which was delicious. They had the proportions of gravy, fries, and curds done right. This dish was a perfect marriage between poutine and BBQ...It was godly. The only part that rubbed be the wrong way was the decorations. They were trying too hard to look country; although, the random blue dinosaur was funny.
3	The service wasn't as quick as I would have expected, and I could have used a little more meat on my poutine for the $13.80 price tag. Their beer was overpriced and they fact that thy use 14 oz cups mean that you're actually only getting 12 oz of beer since they had a heavy helping of foam. Don't get me wrong, the poutine itself tasted pretty good, and the sweet sauce really helped it reach a certain level of tasty, but I lose my appetite a bit after I pull the second hair out of my food. The first hair, I can deal with. Accidents happen and we lose hair off our heads all the time, but two in a single half of my take out congainer? Not cool.
3	I was invited to this place for a Poutine Committee with a bunch of people here so my expectations, I must admit, were high.For some odd reason, the name "Blackstrap BBQ" seems to not have been labeled on the store. If I didn't know I had to stop at 4436 Rue Wellington to meet my Yelp gangstas, I would have walked straight passed it supposing it is an extension of the neighboring shop.I tried the famous "Burnt Ends" poutine and found it a bit disappointing when looking at the price of such a small portion. On the plus side, the sauces furnished tasted fantastic. 14$ for a portion that I can hold in both of my hands is not worth it. My amazing super duper Yelp BFF Sarah also found 2 hairs in her poutine. I, on the other side, am too much of a fatty happy kid to have noticed the possible hairs in mine. I didn't see any nets worn by the staff. The beer was incredibly expensive for the piss customers pay for. (I'm not hating on their beer, but to me, all beers tastes like piss. Some types of urine are more drinkable than others.) Also there was a heavy layer of foam on top and they were served in a cheap little plastic cup. You'd think you'd be entitled to at least a small glass after paying 7$ for a 12oz of beer of budweiser. Might as well just serve Heineken cans for 5$ each. The meal wasn't bad but not worth the money. The service was a bit slow but after a quick look at the restaurant, I noticed business was initially slow when we came in and therefore nothing was cooking when we arrived. I'll give the benefit of the doubt for this time. The service consisting in calling someone's name out is inefficient. Just code the cash register to print out an order number which will be called out by the chef. Since I'm an immigrant, it took the chef a grand number of 4 (or 5?) calls before I finally understood that I was the "Mi-hey" they were crying for.The tables were nice, it was decently spacious for such a little restaurant. It was worth going there once but I wouldn't go again.I was thankfully in good company at the time. :)
3	Verdun is becoming a hot spot for good restaurants, cafes, etc.  Admittedly it's only recently that I've started to discover this neighbourhood but the more I go there the more I discover new and amazing places.  Blackstrap BBQ was the latest of these discoveries.I only ordered the burnt ends poutine and it's probably a good thing because I was still feeling full well into the next day.  It is a little expensive but they don't skimp on any of the ingredients.  There were sizeable chunks of beef brisket, lots of curds and they heaped on the gravy.   For me a good poutine always has lots of curds so that scored big points in my books.  The brisket itself was so juicy and tender.  I did find the whole combo slightly too salty (even for poutine) but it was still really good.  Service was a little on the slow side for my liking.  I'd probably be convinced to give this place another chance.  I think though I would opt to try some of their other offerings the next time though.
4	Allegedly some of the finest BBQ to be found in Canada if the accolades are to be believed. Having spent a year in the US South I tend to have a very skewed perspective on what good/bad BBQ is. Blackstrap is definitely not a threat to most southern big name pitmasters but does a good job in their own right at keeping the tradition alive and well up north.The ribs got picked clean on my visit. Chicken just as well despite a tiny bit of dryness. Didn't touch the bun as I'm watching my gluten but it whispered seducdively to me with its fresh baked scent.Come early for lunch or risk getting stuck in the loooong line winding all the way out the door and into the street. Oh, and have those wet wipes handy before you dig in.
4	First impressions is there is no signage outside! So you need to know where you are going to find it. Loud 70s rock greets you at the door. Not much seating but if you can get a seat with some friends try 'le gros' which has a bit of everything. I loved their ribs but everything here is good. Would come back in a heartbeat!
1	This is dining at its most primitive, definitely not for anyone who cares about how the food they eat is prepared and whether or not it is healthful, but I was eating out with others including someone whose interest had been piqued by the supposed authentic southern fare. With the exception of the chicken, which on this occasion was very good, everything was disappointing, some of it very much so. No one in our party of four found it lived up to the reviews. I'd recommend going elsewhere, but if you simply must try this place you might consider buying some of the chicken--or other meat which might be okay next time since it appears to be a bit of a crap shoot--and taking it home to have with some good, healthful vegetable dishes. Any you choose to make are bound to be better than what you get at Blackstrap BBQ.
2	After constantly hearing about Blackstrap BBQ this place has been a Yelp bookmark of mine for months now. Sadly it's located in Verdun and only a special occasion would bring me to this part of town... as luck would have it a small community Yelp event brought close to a dozen Yelpers to this place during happy hour. I just couldn't say no to this.The first thing I noticed is that it's pretty much a hole in a wall, you can easily walk RIGHT by without even noticing it. Parking in this area is also ridiculously difficult as the area houses countless duplexes that has locals taking up all the parking spots leaving you to take the paid parking spots... which haven't been modernized in any shape or form. It's 2014 folks, I've been paying my parking spots all over Montreal for the last decade from an mobile app or parking machine that accepts credit cards... why is this place still accepting coins? Ridiculous!I ordered their reputed burnt ends poutine and some root beer. The service was about an average wait but they were kind enough to bring me my food while I was sitting outside on their terrace with fellow Yelpers while I nursed my root beer. :)Sadly, I wasn't a fan of their poutine. While the metal encased portion was generous and it was definitely heavy... I couldn't finish it for multiple reasons. Kindly note, that I feel I might be the oddball here but I felt the fries weren't up to par to what I've had for places hyped such as this place. The cheese was somewhat skimped on and the gravy sauce... which should hold everything together... was weak. The brisket meat was good though. They do offer you some BBQ sauce bottles to spice up their poutine such as a sweet or spicy sauce container but I honestly feel if you NEED to do this, your poutine isn't really what it should be. Fries, cheese curds, gravy. Maybe some extra condiments to your liking... that's what it should be. Sweet or spicy sauce shouldn't be added. But that's just me. However, the sweet sauce made the mediocre poutine actually more edible. So Hooray?The price tag is somewhat expensive for poutine. I know there's a sort of gastronomic feeling to have that meat in your poutine, I still felt this poutine was far more expensive than it should be. I'm sure from other reviews they have other quality things one can order but I haven't had the chance and thus my reviews is solely for the poutine and thus, it's pretty forgettable amongst stiff competition in Montreal and while other Yelpers beside me were dealing with hairs found in their portion of poutine or the extremely fatty cuts of brisket, I guess this place simply isn't for me.
5	I love bbq. I've tried almost every bbq place I can find in the American south, and midwest states, and this weird little place in Verdun more than holds its own. Easily the best, juiciest ribs I've had in Canada.Lots of reviewers have talked about their poutine, but ...  personally, I don't like poutine, so I didn't try their poutine. If you do like poutine, then maybe our tastes in food are not compatible. But if you don't care for poutine, and would still like to know if their fries are good, man, let me tell you, they are perhaps the best fries I've had.Great bbq like you find in the states, but fries done right, with white vinegar, like you can only find in Canada. It's a perfect combination.
2	nothing special here, not sure what all the fuss is about. long line, slow service, mediocre food...... Bofinger is better and thats not saying much seeing as Bofinger aint that great either
2	i don't know what all the buzz is about because this place did not impress me one bit! I ordered delivery, the meal "le gros" to share with my boyfriend which included ribs, brisket, pork, chicken, fried mac and cheese, greens, bbq beans, fries and coleslaw. Thought to try a bit of everything and let me tell you the name says it all! it was gross! the only thing that tasted good was the fried mac and cheese. the ribs were so dry it was like eating jerky, the brisket was dry and tasteless and the fried chicken(thought it would be bbq chicken) was extra greasy. Not to mention the collard greens, yuck! It tasted so bitter and burnt like it was sitting there heating since the day before. The bbq beans were just disgusting, it looked like animal droppings and tasted the same way! Over all disappointed and a big waste of 50$
5	Hands down. Best BBQ in Montreal. Ambience, food, service, price, bars, neighbourhood... Well done guys!!
4	Blackstrap BBQ is a wonderful establishment. The best thing about it is its unpretentiousness, nothing fancy, just some really good barbecued food. The second best thing are their ribs, so yummy.  What I also like is the coleslaw, the deep fried mac n cheese, the french fries are perfect. The brisket was good, but needed some addition of BBQ sauce to bring out flavours. But the best is yet to come, quality fries and the brisket are important ingredients to make good poutine and their burnt ends poutine is excellent.  Love their small patio during the summer, just two picnic tables you may need to share with other customers, the always smiling staff from behind the cashier will bring your food, while you sip your beer. Their drink options are well picked and include Bierbrier's bottled brew. The Joe Beef Special Pils is available and is actually perfect choice for meaty meal.  Solid five stars on my special six star scale.
5	As a relocated Texan who moved to Verdun last year, let me just tell you that this is more legit BBQ than many places in my home state. First of all, the staff is awesome. They are friendly and look like they are having fun and joking around. One guy always remembers me and my boyfriends name! I'm a pulled pork kinda gal, and their pork is to die for. Correction, their sweet sauce is to die for!!! I load up on the stuff and use it as dip for my fries, which are usually fried and salted to perfection. I get the pulled pork sandwich, which includes slaw and pickles. It's seriously so delicious and the meat is so tender. While waiting for my order, I like to sit up at the bar and watch the cooks preparing meals. Seeing all the meats and sides being put together makes my mouth water every time. I want to try the ribs and the turkey, but I just can't give up my pulled pork.Even though I don't live in Verdun anymore, every time I visit my boyfriend there, we make it a point to go to Black Strap.
4	Good bbq joint dry rubbed chicken is my favourite of all the meets. Ribs are good, pulled pork and brisket are ok sometimes a bit dry. Poutine is huge and with brisket adds a smoked touch. Good place for takeout or quick meal.
3	Boyfriend and I saw this restaurant on MTL Blog's list of 101 Restaurants You Should Eat At Before you Die. Personally, I don't know that it should have made the list. The food for the most part was OK, their brisket was slightly dry, fries were good, pulled pork was alright, chicken, I have to say was juicy, and the fried mac'n'cheese was pretty damn delicious. Wasn't a fan of the coleslaw or the greens. Small place, giving a quaint feel, staff was great. Price point wasn't bad. Hated that they give plastic cutlery. Very difficult to cut away chicken with plastic. All in all, not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it again.
3	If my review was based solely on the food I would give Blackstrap 5 Stars. The ribs were amazing, chicken nicely smoked and the fries were perfect. Generous portions as well as good sauces available table-side.Unfortunately the service was quite terrible. When we first walked in we were quickly greeted by our waitress and instructed to make our way to the cash to order. She was friendly and helpful with questions regarding some of the choices on the menu. We quickly decided what to order and oddly were asked to pay right then and there. Since I was paying with my credit card I had no choice to tip in advance. Well, not surprisingly the service greatly suffered from that point on. The food was ready quickly and brought over to our table right away by our waitress, and that was the last we saw of her. Never did she ask if we wanted ketchup, she never asked how our food was and we even ended up pouring own glasses of water from a jug next to the cash. She was great, until we tipped in advance and then she was non-existent afterwards.I will definitely go back to Blackstrap due to the quality of the food however I will make sure to bring cash and tip only after my meal.p.s. I don't normally write yelp reviews however this experience was just too much to ignore.
2	I hate writing negative review but I hope the owner takes a good note for once. This place Is not at all what it used to be. The brisket was dry and rock hard. I was expecting a hi or hello when I walked on a Monday night but not 'Sorry, we sell meat here only'. Ok I get that I am indian but all Indians are not vegetarian not even half of the whole indian population.
3	As someone who compulsively had to read all 70+ reviews, I knew going in that the burnt ends poutine, ribs, and brisket were the most generally well received items. So that's exactly what we ordered. (With a side of Mac and cheese balls -- because, why not?) I really wanted to love the brisket/brunt ends poutine, but it was just a smidge too salty for me. I'm not a big rib person mainly because of how messy they generally are. So what I did really like about BSBBQ was that the ribs were dry-rubbed so while you could add as much additional sauce that you wanted, you could also eat them "as is" and they weren't messy, and still had loads of flavour. However, my husband (who loves ribs) only ranked Blackstrap BBQ as second (diablos is first, and le boucan is third) in ribs.All in all, a bit of an uneven experience. We both thought the Mac and cheese was delicious, I loved the ribs and my husband was slightly lukewarm about them, and the poutine was generally a miss. Not likely somewhere we would go again unless we wanted take-out and were in the area. Because honestly, for roughly the same price, diablos has much more to offer in terms of atmosphere, drink options, and location for people looking to "dine in" and relax at a restaurant with some friends.
5	The sandwiches there are really good and the deep fried macaroni cheese is just awesome!!! one of the best bbq places in montreal.
