4	Located right by Trader Joes.  This place has friendly staff, because as soon as I walked in, they greeted me, asked what I was looking for and even walked me to the item.  Now that is outstanding customer service.  Even when I got to the cash register there were 2 of us waiting to be rung up, another cashier came to assist.  I think all Big 5 stores are a bit hard to maneuver through, and this one is too, but what I came here for, they had.  Oh a shopping tip, Sometimes if you have an item that you just don't need at the moment, wait for their sales.  They discount items at better prices then Walmart & Sport Chalet/Sport Authority.
3	I have a Big 5 in my neighborhood and found what I needed in the wrong size. I made a trip to the south east to browse some bigger stores and wound up here by default, as it was close by. I actually found what I was looking for and headed back to the shoe department to pick up some footwear for one of the boys. It's a good thing I wasn't in a hurry, as it took awhile to get the attention of one of the employees for assistance. The selection and variety here (any Big 5 for that matter) is not as good as some of the larger sporting goods stores, but if they have what you need, the prices are usually pretty good (especially sale prices).
4	I give it a total of four stars! My husband loves this location. In my opinion the staff are not that fast. You must stand in line much to long for my taste. It's like can u hurry I have a life and I'd very much so like to return to it . I swear they ring up one item every five minutes.  Lol ok well at least that's what it feels like.
3	Finally, a sporting goods store that has a good selection!Now...the disc golf selection was kind of...bad.  They had their discs on one side of a column.  Smallest selection I've seen so far, but the most varied in what discs they offered.But the employees were nice, and they actually had stock on their shelves.  I'd go back for sure, just probably not for a specific disc unless I called first.
2	Well, it sure is off putting when you walk in and the girl behind the register is munching loudly on a bag of chips....so obnoxious.A friend of mine and I stopped in here yesterday because she was looking for a swimsuit. I looked around and didn't see anything too interesting. I was surprised at how busy this store gets! while I was waiting for my friend (in the dressing room) it seemed like a swarm of people decided to come in and buy sporting goods.I can't say that I would come back here if I needed something.
4	I used to frequent Big 5 a lot in the past. Just recently started shopping again for those sports necessities that your regular department stores just do not have. This location is great. Customer service cannot be beat. I have noticed that their prices on certain items are way jacked up. Good thing is that I know this and only buy items here that cannot be found anyplace else. I will continue to shop in the future. Years ago, I bought a great starters golf club set here for under $200. Goes to show you to shop the deals that cannot be found anyplace else and that's it. If they sell something that other department stores have, chance are it's overpriced.
