5	da number #1 toyota/scion dealer in southern nevada is, fletcher jones toyota/scion.da staff is very friendly.da service department is top notch.da parts dept has a lot of products to offer.they often give toyota/scion owners free car washes like once a month.they have toyota customer appreciation night monthly for "new fletcher jones toyota/scion buyer's".great place fo buy one toyota or scion!!
5	*This review is for the service department only*After receiving horrible customer service on the phone from Desert Toyota, I decided to make my appointment with Fletcher Jones Toyota. I should have called this place first! The woman who answered the phone (didn't catch her name) was very nice! My "maintenance required" light was on, and I had received a letter from Toyota stating that I could get an electric hybrid water pump replaced for free. My service advisor was Billy Chang and he was great! Since this was my first time here, he explained everything - showed me what they would be doing and what the charges would be in advance. He stated that at my current mileage, I would just need a basic oil change and a tire rotation. I mentioned to him that I just bought new tires a little over a week ago and he said, "Thanks for letting me know. You won't need the tire rotation then. We'll just get you that oil change." I don't know why, but I was just so surprised because I thought he would try to charge me for other services that I did not need, but he didn't!! Yay!!I waited about 2 hours and 20 minutes, mainly because changing the water pump took about 2 hours. I didn't mind though. Billy told me my wait time would be about 2.5 hours, and he was right! I'm happy that my car was ready when promised! They had a nice waiting area and the restroom was clean. I would also like to add that Nancy, the cashier who was working that day, was very friendly and is awesome at her job! This place is a little far from where I live, but because of their great customer service, I think I would definitely come back. I have had a few bad experiences at other Toyota Service Departments in the past. Hope these guys will keep up the good work!
5	Full disclosure: I am friends with Andrea R, pictured below. HOWEVER, I am being totally honest in this review, and she did not ask me to write it! I'm really just a happy customer! I went to FJ last week to buy a car. I had never been before, and was amazed when I walked in. Clean, friendly, with a cafe and gift shop. Sylvia was my salesperson, and she was great. Never pushy, very friendly, and didn't mind all my questions. The price was fair, and I felt that they really were "treating me right." The only annoying part was the longish wait to see the finance guy. I just wanted to take my new car and go! While you're doing the finance part, they wash your car and pull it into a bay right outside so they can go over the features with you. I'm looking forward to the New Owner Appreciation Party they invited me to, and the monthly Customer Appreciation car washes, since I, of course, bought a white car!
1	The workers were very friendly and were willing to help me out with a deal, however, one of the managers were very rude and was giving me an attitude when I was talking to him over the phone. I offered him a price that was $1500 below the final price, but he refused to take my offer stating that he was not "making any money" off of what I offered which I found hard to believe since their price was way over what MSRP was. I really felt like what I offered was ABOVE what was reasonable however the manager still would not budge. If you're looking for a manager who is willing to respect their customers and actually be flexible, this dealership is not the place for you. The managers were I REPEAT very very rude and disrespectful.
1	We were taken in by the friendly service...*ahem* lip service...Welp, we were from out of town, and in a bad situation.  About 4 hours from Las Vegas and in the middle of the desert we discovered our van was losing power. Luckily, taking it slowly we made it to Las Vegas.I don't believe in putting a bunch of useless editorial, nasty comments, so I'm sticking to the facts.  Our was the car was losing power and spitting out some error codes which resulted in Fletcher Jones properly diagnosing and fixing the Issue.  Kudos on that part.Apparently the issue stemmed from a computer within the van misreading what was cupping on the tires into thinking the pistons were misfiring.  All four tires replaced, tires balanced and rotated and before even stepping foot into a casino we blew 650 bucks.  What a way to start your three day vacation in Vegas.Well, I took the car to a reputable shop, RC2Automotive.com when we got back to our home town and they told me the tires weren't even balanced.  Yet we were charged big time for it.  They brought me back into the shop and showed me -- said this happens a lot from dealers.I would say, be aware of all dealerships, because this isn't the first one that I've had this happen.  However, I can say it will be the last.  I've found a more honest shop that deals less in the almighty dollar and more on honesty and ethics. At the end of the day one star is speaks volumes about how I rate honesty.All I ask is ready my review, and make your own decision.
5	I had my brakes replaced here, for a few months afterwards my brakes kept squealing at low speeds. I recently brought my car back to get the squealing issue looked at. After inspecting my car the service rep apologized saying that they had a bad stock of brake pads and said that they would give me new pads and resurface the rotors for free. I am giving the service department 5 stars for standing behind their work.
1	I checked out this dealership on Yelp prior to visiting them as I found them online and was interested in a truck they had listed on Cars.com.  I read the Yelp reviews... some great, and some poor and decided I'd make a visit to see the truck even though they had some pretty bad reviews on here.I don't live in Vegas, but am in town right now for Pubcon (a Search Marketing conference) for the next few days.  I contacted them and let them know I wanted to set up an appointment with them on Wed. morning to see the specific truck I was interested in.  We scheduled the appointment a few days prior to me being in town.  I then called them Wed. morning about an hour prior to my appointment to confirm the appointment and to make sure the truck I wanted was there.  I let them know I'd be by in about an hour and was looking forward to seeing the truck.  Appointment confirmed.I show up at 9:45 am, about 50 min. after I called and am greeted outside by a sales woman.  She brings me in, sits down and asks my name, pulls up my appointment and then takes me over to see the manager.  The manager pulls up my appointment and says to me - "oh, you're hear to see truck X, (not listing what I want so I don't get spammed here by other dealers) it's really nice."  She then calls over a salesman to take me over to the trucks location and show it to me.  I head out the door with him and after a hundred yards or so as we're heading toward another building he tells me that the truck I am interested in was sold yesterday.At this point, I'm annoyed! not because the truck is sold, but because NO ONE told me that when they had a chance to save me the trouble and time it took to go there, check in, talk to the manager, etc.  I'm in town on business and making a trip out of my way to see this truck and they knew it was sold... so why keep my appointment? Why invite me in?  Why send me to the manager and a salesman?  Simple answer, they figured why tell him it's sold; let's just get him in here and see if we can sell him something else instead.  PROBLEM is that is a total waste of my time.Initially I thought, maybe they didn't know it had sold when we spoke on the phone to confirm the appointment???  Now that I've thought about it more, I don't buy it though and that's why I'm giving them a bad review here and I don't buy the manager telling me: "oh, you're hear to see truck X, it's really nice" and here's why.  After I spoke to the manager and she called over the salesman she wanted to help me, we walked right outside and began talking while walking toward the lot and on the way he told me the truck had sold.  He didn't have any paperwork to check on it, he didn't call anyone on the way, we didn't go to an empty stall and then he called someone and said, where is X truck at?  He just knew that I was there to see the truck and it had sold the day before.Anyway, after he told me the truck had sold I told him my visit there was a waste of time and that I wished they would have told me earlier, etc.  He quickly checked his inventory to see if they had anything else on the lot that was similar to what I wanted and they didn't and that was that, I left.
5	mr. steve beecher reaches out to customers.hop hopkins always informs customers of fletcher jones toyota service programs available for their needs.andrea ruggles is the consumate professional when addressing any issue good or bad with the customers.a.rienstra always, always advises the customers through emails and telephones calls about upcoming services and other specials.mr. ricky gray is always available to assist his customers with their service/vehicle issues.chad julius and bobby zimmer are my two favorite service advisors as they have assisted me, with every (2) lol lol , vehicles that i have purchased from fletcher jones toyota  since labor day of 2007!and last but not least the internet team of beth k., julian c. and justin r. ensure that customer recieve the best internet sales/marketing service and buying experience from the no#1 toyota dealership in the state of nevada, bar none period!!!
3	A-OK.I've experienced better (far, far away), but that is not to say I wasn't satisfied.  The prices and operational hours of the service department were superior to any of the competitors in the general area.  That's the reason I went there in the first place, and I may actually return if that continues to be the case.Purpose for being there was an oil & oil filter change with multipoint inspection/top-off and tire rotation.  Unfortunately for the service manager, he was very obviously having an off-day.  He apologized sufficiently for being a tad short with me, but the reason I bring it up is because the cause to the looming cloud over his head was his own service team.  I don't have all the details so: on one hand, service was slacking, but on the other, someone was at least trying to do something about it.While I waited, there was a seating area with the standard coffee, and also there was a pay concession stand with internet access nearby.  As per usual, I much rather walk around the lot than sit twiddling my thumbs.  Also as per usual, I get approached by a sales representative.  He asks the standard what I've got and says the standard what he can get me.  Of course I'm obliged to say I'm just killing time and not shopping.  He pursued the venture with me still a little longer as would any sales person worth his salt.  I wouldn't call him pushy, but he did walk the fine line.  What happened afterwards is basically what dictates the entire visit to be a pleasant one.  I asked him a technical question (if you must know: what the peak torque was of a particular engine), and after he realized that it isn't the same thing as the max torque commonly found on the sticker, he took me around asking everyone who he guessed might know.  No small endeavor for someone who didn't quite understand the purpose of the question and who wasn't getting a sale out of it.  Probably three persons deep, with whom I can only guess was a head mechanic of sorts, I met quite possibly the most knowledgeable person I've had the pleasure of meeting since I started dealing with Toyota (again: far, far away).  We discussed everything from theory to application, and I'll be damned if I didn't learn a thing or two that I can only hope I'll remember for a long time.  So engrossing was the conversation/education, that the service manager had to come find me to tell me my vehicle was ready.As far as I can tell, all was done to specifications -- really all I can truly ask.  They also made a very meager attempt to wash it, yet I'm convinced it only got as far as someone spraying down the tires.  They were closing for the evening at the time; I didn't convey my disappointment; therefore I can't knock them too much on that aspect.  Nonetheless, I got what I needed at my convenience.When I scheduled my appointment over the phone, there was talk about a military discount.  Talking to the cashier also relayed the possibility.  From the service manager, who is the one that writes up the bill: straight-up "no."  Now I don't go everywhere expecting a military discount (in fact, I forget to ask 80% of the time), and I would have still be content if I were initially told one way or the other.  Yet I loathe that kind of disinformation.  To the credit of the customer service department: they actually review and respond to critique.  To my surprise, and with kudos, they personally contacted me after my submission to address it.  The conclusion seems that they used to honor the discount.  My closing response: what kind of establishment gets rid of a military discount?
4	I love the customer service at this place. Definitely, a lot bigger than the one I usually go to! They have TVs everywhere for you to sit and chill when you wait for your car to be serviced. AWESOME service!
5	Went in not open to going to a new dealership but had no other choice.  Scott was great with everything! I couldn't have asked for any better customer service than this and I'm quite picky! I would recommend this place to anyone! Go to Steve he will make sure everything gets done right!
1	NO customer service at all. The salesmen don't know their cars and trucks. What's worse was that the Branch Manager was so rude to his employees - in front of the us. That really turned us off. We went straight to NIssan and bought my sister's truck at Nissan that same day.
1	EXTREMELY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!  My husband was waiting in the "no-appointment" line and was completely ignored!  After 10 to 15 minutes, another car pulled up behind my husband's car and that customer was IMMEDIATELY acknowledged and serviced. We cannot help but believe the reason was because the Service Rep was Hispanic and so was the customer who pulled in behind our vehicle. It's pretty obvious that this dealership caters to Hispanics and TOTALLY IGNORES people who are not of their race.  That's racial profiling!!!!  Needless to say, we will "spread the word" to our family and friends about this dealership and let them know just how we were treated!  Beware to all non-Hispanics!!!!
5	We recently purchased a 2013 Corolla here and we are very satisfies with the experience. Martin Carrillo was very patient with my husband and I, answering all of our questions I feel like we got a good deal on the car. We had been looking around for a while, mostly at semi-used cars, we didn't think we could afford a new one. But i am happy to say we purchased a new car, and we believe we got a good deal.The service is impeccable, all of the staff are super nice. They have a nice big waiting area with tv's where you can hang while your deal is going through or you are waiting for your car to be ready. Plus, the cars are really nice and fuel efficient. Score!All in all, great cars, great service. They have earned a Toyota customer for life.
1	Visiting here from tacoma,wa. I want to have my oil change before heading home to tacoma,wa. Since I always go to a Toyota dealer, I checked online and saw this dealership. I drove from my hotel and its almost the same in Titus will Toyota in tacoma. The stuff are great! The bad is the service(techs) which is the most important! I waited for about 2hrs which I did not mine bec no appointment, I got charge 41d and again I don't mine bec was in a impression that everything will be good. The next day before heading back to wa state, I check my engine and wow! The oil filter is loose! I just don't have time to go back to the dealer and show the dripping oil I had!,, mad you guys tech sucks! I even told the guy who help me that I'm traveling with my wife n daughter!,, good thing it's my habit to check the engine before doing a Long driving! Your techs should double or triple check everything! I waited 2hrs paid 41d for this! WOW what a service you guys doing!,,I wish I can put a zero star!
4	I'm not sure I want to give a dealership 5 stars but the service and process in getting a car was great!  They were very organized and thorough and explained everything in great detail.  It made buying a car easy!
5	Recently had my 2011 Camry in the Service Department for an Oil change.......really nice atmosphere...free coffee and donuts...wifi....several TV's......sevice was completed  in a timely manner......car was washed and vacuumed.....they even went over a checkout sheet that had several inspections including a battery check to let me know everything was ok......GREAT experience...would highly recommend
1	I bought my vehicle 6 years ago that only has 29k miles. I have seen this facility go downhill in service since the new bldg. and location. The old and tired service advisors are not into their job and have no control over their work teams. I always use to drive out of my way for their service, but no more. I will take my money somewhere else where i can get service done.
3	Bought my trusty, gas-saving Corolla almost 2 years ago here. Since then, I've been religiously paying a visit every 5K miles for servicing. There were good times, there were okay times and there were bad times. But I do have to say my last visit was good with no major complaints. If you do decide to have servicing done here, make an appointment! I failed to do that multiple times and sadly to say, service was mediocre. I'd drive up to the service area and would sit there for at least 10 minutes until someone notices me. And if they notice me they'd tell me to hold on even if I'm the only one in the service bay. Expect to wait about two hours for an oil change. The two hour wait time is still the same even with an appointment. But the way they treat you as a customer is different as night and day. I pulled up to the service area and Chad greeted me and answered all of my questions without being pushy or impatient. Actually, this was the first time I worked with Chad and I was very impressed and satisfied with his service. Maybe if I had Chad beforehand, I would have been a happier customer. With oil changes, ask for a car wash! I always get one and they do a decent job. During the two hour waits, I bring stuff to do. Inside, they have plenty of tables and seating areas with TVs. They also have a little cafe that serves drinks and coffee. If you check in,  you'll get a Yelp voucher for a free donut but the donuts always run out by 10 AM.
1	Selling our car was not problem, Gus was helpful until our choice of picking up the check was mailed instead.  After that, nothing worked out well.  We are from New Jersey and we flew to Vegas to track this mailed check.  After all efforts failed, our check was replaced alright, but cannot be cashed.  The bank had a contact agreement with this car dealer to verify check to ONLY certain listed people from Fletcher Jones Toyota office, but nobody ever picks up the phone that can verify it!  Then Lynette from their accounting department told me "you have to be patient."  We have been patient since that Saturday we arrived and it was Wednesday that nobody can verify to clear this replacement check!  Our patience for Fletcher Jones Toyota's accounting department not following instruction by mailing this check, when we specifically said we are flying in to pick it up caused us 2 rescheduled flights!  And to top it all, we remain at their mercy that somebody happens to be by the desk to verify this replacement check!  All we get from this experience was aggravation after aggravation...  Unbelievable!!!
5	I've been coming here for the last couple of years to service my Toyota and all my experiences have been pretty good.  I've dealt with different sales advisors and none of them have ever tried to oversell stuff that I didn't need;  they just tell me if something is wrong.  I've dealt with Scott the last couple of times and he's a laid back guy and very helpful.  I guess unless something is serious (none experienced), there is no pressure to buy additional services.  Though when they say something needs to be done, I do some research and sometimes I do it myself like replacing the cabin air filter.  I probably costs a bit more than other places but I've come to trust them for performing the services requested and recommending things that I need for the car.
1	Slow and egregious service describes this business. A guy plopped a number hat on my car when I pulled in and was told a gentleman named Bill  would help. After waiting 25 minutes and seeing people who arrived after me get help, I flagged someone down. Turns out Bill was sitting down talking on the phone the whole time. He told me it would an hour and a half just for a routine maintenance check-up. Ugh, alright fine. Two hours later, it's still not done. Shame on me for not scheduling an appointment, but spending three hours is unnecessary and torturous. I've almost paid twice as more at Jiffy Lube, but at least they finished the same job in under 30 minutes.  Plus, I checked-in and saw a free donut offer and was like, at least this fried carb will make me feel better. Nope, denied because she said they ran out.
5	I've had a really good experience with FJTS so far. Scott Gafforini was recommended to me by Beth Shugars, the Controller. He took time right away to discuss my timing belt issue and made an appointment for today. He took me out and showed me what they would be doing which no other dealer has ever done. I liked that. He followed up while I was there using their excellent Wi-Fi and had the car done at least an hour earlier than expected. AND it was washed. I may be a customer for life based on that alone! Great customer service Beth, Roger, Ricky and Scott!
1	I've shopped at Fletcher Jones Toyota for about 10 years, all together, my family has bought 4 cars (cash) from their company since 2004. I even have a loyalty card. And we have done maintenance with their company for years. Therefore, I know the service and only now do I know how inconsistent they are.I go to their service department for almost everything and the service so far had been okay. I've done complete car maintenance for upwards to 600$ so take notice that it's not the price that upsets me. Today, I needed to get some maintenance and decided to go in before the rush. I got Scott who was prompt and understanding and told me my water pump was broken and it would cost $315 to fix it (estimated price). I said okay, so went on my merrily way home to wait for the call for the estimate. He calls me 2 hours later and tells me that it will cost 650$.. wow, nice price jump... but okay, I need to think about it and look around for prices. Then he calls me and tells me he talked to the manager and that he got an hour taken off of my price so it's now 475$.This is definitely what irks me. It's nice to see that it is so easy to take an hour off my service cost, shouldn't you charge on the amount of hours you did service on my car instead of a pretend price where you take pretend hours off.I said, okay.. since it's convenient and I don't really want to shop around right now, I'll do it for 475$.. for everything right, with oil change? He says yes, everything. He calls me to pick up my car, I go there and guess what. The price is 530$ now. OKAY, ticks me off. I discussed with him that he told me it was 475$, which I may note, wasn't even on the receipt. The oil change was added individually, and all of a sudden, he mentions tax. What the hell, I asked you for the complete price.Not only does he make it seem like he's doing me a favor, but he acts like he took so much money off of my price. That I shouldn't be upset at all, totally disregarding my concern of the price change by reiterating over and over that he took so much money off my price, that he talked to the manager specifically for me. He made me feel like I was inconveniencing him, COMPLETELY. I could have rolled my eyes so far into my skull that they would have disconnected and fallen out of my anus.Guess what buddy, if you told me you added 100$ to my charge, I would have taken my loss and gone to Sun Auto or Autozone. So shady, changing the price when I'm not there and when I'm there, I have to pay it.They have definitely lost my business and I'll be telling my entire family not to go to them anymore. So inconsistent, shady, and disrespectful in terms of how they treat a loyal customer. They're adding charges like it's a fad, don't go there.
1	This is where poor lambs go to get slaughtered. I should have brought my gun with me in here 8 yrs ago when they did not want to give me back my keys after I test drove their camry. I was a young pup back then but stupid me for bringing in a blank check. They passed me up their hierarchy of sales lowlifes trying to close the deal. I had to rip the blank check in their faces so they would give me back my keys. If you have a concealed weapons permit and a handgun, proudly wear it in this fine establishment.
5	I brought in my vehicle for a factory recall. It was working fine before they fixed the recall in my dash. Then I drove home only to find my radio and cd player no longer worked so, I had to bring it back. That day the technicians said it wasnt possibly anything they could have done. It made me really upset because it worked before I took it there. I spoke with Mike and he thought there was nothing they could do, but called me back a half hour later saying he had spoken to one of the veteran mechanics and the mechanic said "it was probably a fuse." Their repairs really probably had nothing to do with the radio/ cd player not working, but they replaced the fuse for me anyway. This restored some of my faith in the dealership so long as I work with Mike. He went above and beyond for me.
4	I just came for oil change, but I can't help to have a coffee and a donut as comp.  I suggest to make a reservation to get a service. While I am having breakfast, it will be done.
5	Larry Francis, Beth Kittelson and Zoran Nikolic are three people who demonstrate outstanding product knowledge, are very efficient, honest, no pressure and genuinely caring and sincere. I had done my "homework" before visiting the dealership and instantly knew the numbers they were quoting for the car I wanted and my trade in value were both a very fair price. Let's face it; with the information available on the internet today, no one should enter a dealership without a good understating of fair pricing for their purchase and trade in value. No dickering back and forth required here! It amazes me that other dealerships don't just cut to the chase and put there best numbers on the table in the first place and make the whole process flow as smoothly as it did at Fletcher Jones. It would save everyone a lot of time and take the adversarial aspect out of the car buying process. With the huge inventory, it was easy to find the exact model, color and options I was looking for. No compromises needed. One aspect that really stood out amidst an already outstanding and very positive experience was the actual delivery of the vehicle. You have to experience it to believe it. I felt like I was taking delivery of a new Rolls Royce, not a new Corolla. Don't take this wrong, the new Corolla is an outstanding car by itself. This our 5th Corolla now. Larry did the delivery in a well lit very clean enclosed delivery area. Larry patiently answered every question we had and several we didn't even know to ask! Larry demonstrated every feature of the car in a simple easy to understand manner. Larry did a meticulous exterior inspection of the car to insure it was in perfect condition before he was done. The ownership and senior management of Fletcher Jones must be first class in order to have found and keep quality people like Larry, Beth and Zoran. Thank you all for the best vehicle purchase experience to date. Please note: I am 65 years old and have purchased over 150 vehicles in my lifetime. I know, there must be something wrong with me, but I have managed to stay married to the same wonderful woman for 44 years. Seriously, I am not related to, neighbors of or life long friends of the individuals mentioned. If I had had a bad experience, I would not hesitate to write a negative review. So I feel compelled to write a positive review when it is warranted. And it is.
4	I first came here several months ago because my car told me it was time to get an oil change. Now, I'm not the most car-savvy person ever so when my car tells me to do something, I do it. I brought my car to Fletcher Jones and met with Roy who seemed honestly befuddled as why I was there because I didn't actually need an oil change. But instead of being mean or judgmental, he very kindly had my car washed for free and sent me along my merry way with a clean car. Needless to say, when my car actually needed an oil change, I came back here. They fit me in on the same day and the oil change was done efficiently while I sat in the expansive waiting area while strangers admired my dog. Yes it's a bit pricier than say.... Jiffy Lube, but I appreciated the continuity of care and overall friendliness of Fletcher jones and their employees.
5	Had an issue with centennial toyota so we came to fletcher Jones toyota and they were great! I will definitely buy my next car at fletcher Jones toyota. Fletcher Jones toyota told me they could help me and they came thru for me. I'm a very satisfied customer. Thank u's to Gina, sal and Carlos.  You guys were great!
4	This was our second stop to buy a Camry and once it got over the initial service hiccup, we got a very good deal from a very efficient salesperson.We got here when it was clearly a very busy day. I parked the car and walked into the place with absolutely no greetings and no one even bothered checking up on us. We stood by the front gate for about ten minutes like idiots. My girlfriend got so angry that she was ready to leave. However, after a long unsatisfactory time spent at another dealership and a long drive, i wanted to at least get a quote and maybe even yell at someone. I angrily approached one of the employees and asked sarcastically if anyone was going to help us, she apparently sensed the anger so she settled us down right away with a salesperson assistant. So we waited for another 15 minutes until an actual salesperson, Martin, came over and to my surprise, everything went more than great from there. Martin was very genuine and wasn't very pushy at all. He didn't speak that much but always had an answer to our question and he never did any bogus things like showing me how much the dealership got the car for (completely waste of time) or stuff like that. We got a great deal from his very first offer. He never asked for my bottom line, everything was straight forward, efficient, and reasonable. We were speechless when we got the first quote because it was actually cheaper than what we wanted and what made it even nicer is that they took away $750 in addition for the recent graduate pricing. He was very patient with us even though we told him that we aren't signing anything today. Maybe it's because it was a busy day so salespeople wanted to maximize quantity rather than maximize individual sales, but I would at least put Fletcher Jones Toyota in my priority list if I am doing car shopping. I enjoyed Martin's service very much and really hope that he continues to be this great because there aren't that many likable salespeople out there. One star off for the horrendous first impression but four stars for Martin's service and the sparkling shining new car!
5	This is not my first time here at FJTS, I just forget to check in each time I go for my car's regular maintenance. This is where I bought my car in 2010.  We live far from this area but I always come back here because they have been very efficient and the service managers that handled my appointments are very nice and accommodating, especially Chad.
5	What a great experience.  Joey Gulo was fantastic!  He made the purchasing process effortless.  I know where I'll be buying my next Mercedes-  Fletcher Jones Newport!
5	I just recently purchased a new 2014 Toyota Camry LE, thru my internet sales manager, Beth Kittelson and sales assistant Ron Glenn on Monday afternoon, 04/07/14.Working with Beth K. once again, after the last purchase of my 2011 Toyota Matrix AWD on labor day weekend, Sept 3, 2011 @ Fletcher Jones Toyota Scion.This incredibly talented lady put together the best ever purchase, i have ever made for a new vehicle. (This being my 11th new vehicle purchase since, my first in Lakenheath England U.K. on May 1,1985)Ron Glenn, her sales assistant, gave me an opportunity to check out three of the best Toyota Camry vehicles at their location. The best choice of the three was the fantastic, 2014 Toyota Camry LE - Cosmic Gray Mica flavor. (Awesome color)Beth ensured that the deal for that vehicle went thru like a "jelly filled powder donut".Ron ensured that i was properly briefed with the required information on my new vehicle. If you are going to buy a new or used vehicle, you need/must call Beth K. and or Ron G. @ Fletcher Jones Toyota Scion (702) 457-2000.
4	All the times I've come here I have been taken care of.  There has been a slip up with information exchange, and accidental mishaps in the service department but I was taken care of for the inconveniences.  Also just taken care of period. It is always hard what to believe when you are not with your car at all times, or know who exactly worked on it or exactly which parts were touched.  Until I learn how to do my own car maintenance and repairs, or want/buy a higher class car/type (to each their own) I shall continue to have faith in others.  I paid for their services after all.
5	When i purchased my new 2014.5 Camry LE, Beth Kittelson, got me an incentive arranged for window tinting. Beth is the best sales manager, bar none.I made contact with Fletcher Jones Toyota's Sarah Kilby, who is the Customer Relations Manager. She was very very pleasant & professional. Sarah setup my window tinting appointment as early as possible. I was quite happy with that.She assured me that it would only take a couple hours & it did!When the job was complete she walked me out to vehicle and i was very very pleased with the window tinting job that was done.Ms. Sarah Kilby is another "superstar" at that dealership. Promote now!!
1	This place almost ruined my car and got me and my husband in an accident.  We were at Las Vegas for vacation and we went to have an oil change before we head home. When we reached Arizona about an hour from Prescott, the car started to smell like some burnt fume and black smoke started coming out from the front.  We got stuck on the interstate and had to get our vehicle towed an hour away to Prescott and it's about past seven at night.  The Toyota from Prescott found out that the mechanic who did our oil change from this place did not securely put the oil cap back thus draining all of our fluid, creating some black smoke and burning some oil.  We thought our engine will be greatly affected but good thing we stopped driving before it was too late.  It's such a shame that this place "guarantees" a great service like other Toyota maintenance place but this one was totally disappointing.  Other than paying for hotel cost to stay at Prescott, we also got delayed a day to our trip home and had to call in our work because of the unexpected delay.  I thought this was just a big safety hazard and this place should pay more attention when they are doing their job!!!
