4	Very friendly staff, everything you could want to use to work out. No indoor track or pools, but that's available at the other nearby location for no additional charge.  Being a student I love that 24 is everywhere. This means I can go when I visit my parents back home.
4	This is one of the 2 closest 24 hr fitness gyms near my house. It also has my favorite 24x class instructor. Not all instructors are created equal and this is evident by other classes I've been to. the Best instructor is Sheryl. She teaches Body pump and Turbo Kick on Mondays from 9 and 10 respectively. She also teaches Step Class and Body pump on Thursday @ 9 and 10 respectively. I love the way she teaches and makes it easy to follow along. I wish they hadnt done away with 24 lift b/c I miss it. They phased it out and replaced it with BodyPump and I feel like I got more out of 24 lift for some reason. ah well. I'm addicted to this bodypump now. This gym has the standard fare ellipticals, steppers, treadmills, bikes, etc. No AMT machines @ this location either. Strangely this gym doenst have a scale in the public area but only behind the desk area where the trainers are and I feel thats so that you'll step in that area nd they will try to get you to sign up for a personal trainer. So for this reason I just stick to my scale @ home. Plus: this one does have a core machine that most of the 24 hr fitness' dont. I love that machine, It also has the 24 min. circuit. that the boulder location does not.
4	People here are very helpful.  Usually not too busy to get right on a machine.  Classes here I hear are great but have yet to try one.  I go there to just workout and leave.  For this its great for me.  No pool here is my issue but there are other 24 hours that have this.... but this is close to my house.
4	Now that I've been around a bit to different locations, I think I can review this one. Green Valley doesn't seem too busy most of the time, and the machines are pretty spread out compared to one particular different location that I visited. There's a good variety of machines with adjustable weights, machines with loadable weights, machines with cords, and free weights. The "treadwall" (rock climbing) machine is also pretty fun to try sometimes even though I suck.My only issue is that they only play rock music on the intercom at some times, and at other times it's a bunch of "energy" remixes of pop stuff or whatever. I get pumped up a lot more when I get the former than the latter. And yeah, I'm too lazy to get a personal music player setup going. Oh well.
3	This is the ugly step-child of the 24 Hour Fitness Family.  They are obviously ignored by corporate.  Everything in the facility is old.  Thankfully, the staff does very well with the limited resources.First the negatives:Locker room is small and locker size is even smaller.All the cardio equipment needs to be updated.Treadmill belts need to be tightened and decks need to be waxed.  I had to try four TM's before I could find one that didn't slip.Positives:Although the strength training equipment is old, the staff does a very good job of maintaining it.  The layout is functional and machines are arranged appropriately.  Good group fitness instructors.This is one of the cleaner facilities in the 24 Hour Fitness family.  Never really busy.The clientele is made up of people looking for a good workout, not a bunch of douche bags trying to show off or get a date.The staff should be congratulated for the outstanding job they do.  Good job guys!
4	This is a very nice gym indeed; never too crowded, friendly staff, and more than enough equipment at any time of the day. The only thing I will nip-pick on is that the facility is quite old. Other than that I love this place. Why do I love it? Here's why:I go here on the weekends during their busiest hours (4pm-8pm) and the place is barely full. Yes, it is more crowded than usual but it's NOTHING compared to the one on flamingo, or any other gyms (like LVACs) as a matter of fact. In my opinion, there is nothing worse than to wait around with three other guys just to use one machine. Also, their contract rocks. It's a no-strings-attached monthly deal. I guess the only time you feel gimped is in the beginning, because you need to pay a opening fee but that's merciful compared to the other greedy gyms. You can quit whenever you want because it's a monthly contract.I understand this facility is old but come on, it's not like the paint on the walls are peeling off. The equipments are a little aged but they work very well. I haven't had any issues with any of them malfunctioning. The water fountains have ice cold water and don't have any funny taste to them.The staff does a wonderful job of keeping the place tidy and they never fail to greet you by your NAME for a change. At LVAC I'll be surprised if they even say hello (by now you should know I hate LVAC). The staff will occasionally joke around with me and ask me how I'm doing. Very nice people.True to their name, the gym is 24-hours. If you happen to have the urge to pump iron at 3am in the morning, you know you can count on this place. LVAC says they have all 24-hour facilities, but their flamingo location actually closes early on the weekends, which was really upsetting. Maybe one day when I'm in a bad mood I'll review LVAC and dish out my first 1-star review.Enough digression; this 24-hour rocks and the only reason why I give them 4-stars is because they are in need of a renovation. However, it makes up for it in great service and a wide array of available equipments.
5	I love this gym!      The weight room is awesome, never full, easy to get around and get my workout done, friendly staff (except Angel, just kidding he's awesome), and I have taken one class that busted my ass.  I hope they have it again.  It was the NFL Combine class with Jason Beauchamp.  I haven't felt my doms hit since Luke was my trainer at this gym a couple of years ago.  This place is a place I can come to to get away from the everyday ho-hum adventures of life.      If I could make a request it would be to add an additional squat rack up in the legs area.  But I guess you'd have to find a place to put it.    I was told about this website by Tobias who works at the gym.  I think that is his name.  The cool guy with the great hair.  I want to also say that I am not the same Thomas F. that posted earlier.
5	I visited this location while I was in town for the Mr Olympia Expo. I have to say overall I was greatly impressed. The place looked small from the outside but it was pretty large on the inside. They have tons of fitness equipment inside.some machines I have never even seen before, and the iceing on the cake was the fact that they have metal weights. I go to 24hr fitness in my home town of Murrieta CA and I wish our gym was like this one. I went at about 1am to workout so of course nobody was at the gym so I can't really say much about it being crowded. I was staying with my sister who lives off of Flamingo in Las Vegas and I wanted to go work out at Golds Gym on flamingo but it is now closed. So for now on this 24hr fitness will be my new place to train in Vegas. Loved this gym!!!! The restrooms were nice and clean and I can't say enough about the machines that they have. They have everything!!!!
4	It's a pretty standard 24-hour fitness.The equipment is in good shape, the staff is friendly, and they have a decent selection of classes.Plus one for never being too busy, minus one for no pool OR rowing machine.Plus another one for being close enough to work for me to get in a pump over my lunch hour!
4	Another good 24 Hr Fitness location: clean and functioning equipment, friendly staff, clean locker rooms, good classes.Like most 24 Hr Fitness locations, Green Valley offers lots of cardio machine options, including ellipticals, stationary bikes, and treadmills.  The one thing that sets this location aside are the rock climbing treadmills--an almost vertical track with hand holds to climb up that rolls through, creating a "wall" for you to climb.  Beyond that, the gym has tons of free weights and nautilus equipment to keep you happy.It also offers a nice range of classes (aerobics, cycling, boot camp, body pump, yoga).  Compared to the other 24 locations, the classes here are a little less intense, but that might be an adjustment because the gym members in the class are generally a little older at this location.
5	I go early in the morning (when I'm in town). Staff knows you by name, equipment is clean, patrons are friendly. Weight room is in great shape, easy to get on and off equipment.
2	Due to my rating, I feel I must start off on a positive note. The employees here are stellar! They are very friendly and appreciate the fact that you have chosen their gym to work out in. I have belonged to two other gyms before and their customer service and friendliness does not compare by a long shot. So I must say, this location has the best employees ever!Now for the ugly. This gym is completely worn down. The equipment is very old and outdated and a lot of it is either out of service or not working up to par. One morning, I jumped to three different stationary bikes until I found one that operated properly. And a lot of their stationary bikes do not have water bottle holsters, which means I have to power through 15-20 minutes of cardio with my water on the floor next to the machine and not readily available to me when I need a quick refreshment through my burn.I was a member of this gym two years ago, and was with them for four years (five years total counting when I worked out at the one near Summerlin on W. Sahara) and thought it was ok. But, in comparison to the one I worked out at off of W. Sahara and being a member of LVAC for the past two years, this location has the absolute worse gym equipment I have come across. Sad day.I have to admit that I am going to test out Club Sport here sometime soon, solely based upon the fact that this location's equipment is just lackluster, outdated and poorly maintained. I hope the manager here and the 24 Hour Fitness brand reads these reviews and does something about this. As mentioned, love the employees and the people that work out here are super nice as well, but as a gym, it just doesn't cut it. At least not for me.
5	I just recently got back to the gym last week after falling off the wagon :-(. However, I decided to bite the bullet and start with a trainer to get back on track and as luck would have it Nancy just started with the gym! Wow, she is great, I feel motivated, relaxed and she is a real people person! She listens to me, helps me with suggestions on where I want to get and the hour goes so quickly I can't believe it. Thank you 24-Hour fitness for bringing in a wonderful new talent just when I decided to come back and need it! :-)
4	Not the most "up to date" 24 hour fitness I've been to. It is very clean and most if not all of the equipment was completely functional. And the absolute best part about it is the lack of people there! Not super packed with people socializing and taking their sweet time. One of my new favorite spots
5	I've been to basically every 24 in town and this one is hands down the BEST! What makes it the best is the layout of the gym and the fact that you NEVER have to wait for a bench/squat rack due to the fact its never that packed. Absolutely love this gym!
5	I was in town for the weekend and needed to keep up with my marathon training.  The staff was so courteous and helpful, especially since I was a "dreaded" out-of-towner.  The facility had a large, elongated, split-level layout and the machines were clean and in working order (unless some 24 hour fitness centers I've visited).  The only Con is that the mat area (where I can stretch, do core work, etc.) was extremely small--an alcove next to a storage room I believe.  The locker room was also well-kept and very clean as compared to the poor maintenance I've seen at numerous California 24 hour fitness centers.  Hats off to this location and its staff for showing members that some of the employees do care about Customer Service and professionalism & work ethic!
5	love this 24. Open space. Not a lot of people. Not a lot of creeping looking ass people. I always get a good workout here.
4	I have been going to this gym for a few years now.  All the employees there are very friendly and helpful.  The classes are great and very effective.  Some of the equipment is a little bit older but everything works.  The equipment works and is always clean.  I recommend taking the body pump or the spin classes.  But make sure you get a pass before class.  It doesn't fill up too fast.
4	Been going for the last year and a half or so and this is my favorite 24 hour fitness in Vegas, mainly because even during rush hours, it's nowhere near as busy as the 24 hour fitness on Trop/Decatur or the Gold's Gym on Stephanie/215 or even the UNLV gym. But i'm just antisocial when I work out so the less people, the better lol. That's mainly why I go late night when there's max 3 people. I think I've only had to wait on a machine one time. They offer lots of classes and I like that the weights are all together in one section and the cardio machines on the other side.  Also for some reason, i've noticed less space wasters here, you know, those people that sit on a machine and text for 15 minutes lol so that's always good . Minus one star just because the machines are a little dated and it's a smaller location but overall still gets the job done :)
2	I've worked out at this particular gym on and off since 1999, was out the Boulder HWY for a year and then the Wigwam sport for for a few more, and now back at this GV location for two years now.The staff is friendly and personable and the only problems I've ever had is when renewing my membership but that's because their system seems to cancel my membership a few days before actually expiration and I do realize this is something that is out of their hands.The 2 stars is about the equipment, which is the reason I go to the gym. It's not unusual to find equipment out of order, sometimes for extended periods of time. A good numbers treadmills have LED's that have stopped functioning, one of the climbing walls has been out of commission for too long, and the machines in the free weights area will constantly have the clips for the bars missing and no where to be found.Some of the positives is that the place is generally very clean, well lit, and it has it's own unshared parking lot.
3	I became a member of this gym in 2010 because my apartment building at the time offered it free as an incentive. I have to admit--I wasn't really serious about working out at that time, so I just took a body pump class once a week. Eventually I moved and decided to continue my membership on my own. This particular location is not very busy compared to most gyms but depending on who teaches the classes, it can fill up quick. I have to admit that I only maintained this gym membership because of the BODYPUMP instructor Sheryl. I took BP at LVAC and I didn't like how it was taught. It doesn't matter how many times you've been to the class, Sheryl teaches it as if it's your first time. She gives you plenty of motivation and instruction and no upcoming move is a surprise. That's important to me in a class. Staying on beat to the music with no surprise moves is key, because you can injure yourself that way. I also like that the age goup is much different than LVAC. The age at this location tends to be on the elderly side, and they like to hang on the machines and talk for long periods of time about WWI, diseases, surgeries, and other various geriatric conversations. I always maintain multiple gyms because I get VERY bored with seeing the same employees, people, equipment, etc. At that time I used 24 as my "quiet gym". It was the gym I went to on Saturday night (I know--I'm a nerd) and whenever I wanted to use the classroom for combat ropes and jump roping. It's very rare to find a gym where you can have the classroom all to yourself on just about any day of the week. After many years kinda doing the same thing, I started to feel like it was time to change my routine. What really helped me make the decision was they eliminated the KIDS CLUB which pissed off one of my friends who took the BP class with me. With no childcare available for her it forced her to switch over to the Wigwam campus. Well when I wanted to switch over with her, they wouldn't let me without a stupid fee because I had Green Valley access only. That sucked! So....I decided to cancel my membership. After threatening to cancel my membership they finally decided to "hook me up" with all these discounts, incentives and various other offers because they valued me being with them for so long, but it was just too late. I was ready to move on.Unfortunately I made so many friends at that gym and didn't want to leave. Gym rats outside of the BP class asked me where I had been after I had gone on vacation for a month. I was surprised! That caused me to make so many more friends within that gym.Once in a while, I will pay the $10 fee and work out there and say hello to everyone again. Overall this a great gym. Management tends to run people off because for $29.99 you can only be at that particular gym and you don't get any of the amenities that other gyms offer. Classes are VERY few and limited, with limited times and it's pretty much a dead gym--but with that said it's perfect if you're there to "get 'er done." There's no glitz and glamour at this gym. Staff and gym rats are awesome people, and everyone is friendly as if family here.
3	Pros:- Equipment. I've been to so many gyms around the country... So many. This particular 24 hr fitness and a few others have good equipment and good variety. You will see pieces of equipment that aren't in any other gym around here. I love that about this place. The equipment isn't shiny or new but they know the value of GOOD equipment. It's kept well and I love that about this gym. -staff is nice. Easy to approach and get to know you as you come more often. I don't get nervous coming to the gym but it's still nice and I imagine incredibly comforting for people who do get nervous about coming in.-a rarity in gyms now days. Gym etiquette actually exists here. I don't know if it's because the members are decent human beings or because staff enforces it. Hopefully both. But normally equipment is put up in its place when someone is done. Occasionally you will get a teenage douche with his chest stuck out who will leave his equipment around after he's done. But most of the people clean after themselves which is not very common now days at a typical gymCons:-price. The price is awful and not even moderately competitive with the local gyms. Start up costs are significantly more expensive than golds and lvac and your monthly costs will not come close to even matching the lower costs of surrounding gyms. It's really sad because this gym is ALMOST perfect. Of course if you've been a member for a while you don't have to worry about this. Old members keep their old price so that's great for them but the new prices are a deterrent to new business. I suppose they feel business is booming so well for them right now that competitive prices doesn't need to be considered. It's too bad.
1	Down voting from 2 to 1 stars, but only because 1.5 isn't an option.Honestly, if there was a better gym closer to my home I would sign up. The closes one is Planet Fitness, and I don't think I need to explain why I avoid that place but.....The constant broken equipment at this 24hr fitness is getting [expletive] ridiculous. It's a gym, having working equipment is your #1 job. You're not a hotel or community clubhouse with a fitness room, you are a gym!Why is finding a fully function treadmill a game at this gym? Why do some weight machines can sit broken for over a day? Why is the music blaring at such a loud level at 5am and who keeps on putting the station on a craptastic club music? In a month my yearly membership expires, maybe it would be in my best interest to go to Planet Fitness because if they can afford to give out donuts and pizza maybe their equipment actually works.
5	I have been a member for the last year. I do 2 sessions a week with Donald M. He is fantastic. He knows just how to get the best from his clients. I have lost 40 # & in the best health of my life. If you are looking to get in shape and add years to your life I this is the way to go.
