5	Courtney is an AMAZING planner. Her attention to detail and willingness to go the extra mile for her clients is second to none. She is truly a joy to work with. You would be foolish to go anywhere else for your event planning needs.
5	You can not get any better or more professional than Courtney Smith at CCS Designer Events!  Her attention to detail and going the extra mile puts her far above her competitors.  If you are planning any event in Las Vegas, you should call Courtney immediately!
5	Courtney Smith is amazing. I have referred Courtney's services to several of my clients. I love talking with her because she has so many great ideas for all different kind of events. The best thing about Courtney is not only is she super motivated she is very professional.  She's defiantly on top things. If you need a sigh of relief while planning an event call her!!!!! You will be very pleased.
5	Worked with Courtney as a vendor (photo booth owner) at a wedding last weekend. One of the smoothest weddings we have ever worked! Like a Swiss watch, all of the pieces fell into place seemingly effortlessly.  I wish I had known her last year when both of my daughters got married...I would have used her in a heart beat.
5	Courtney Smith Broadhead/CCS Designer Events was truly a dream weaver for our daughter and son-in-law's wedding!  We will forever be grateful for her creativity, attention to detail and caring, professional manner throughout the planning process. Additionally, just knowing that Courtney was there to seamlessly direct the events of the day allowed my husband and me to bask in the joys of our daughter's wedding. Courtney was fully prepared for wedding day mishaps, including needle, thread and sewing skills to repair the maid of honor's dress! Courtney's referrals for floral, DJ and lighting, linens and tableware, vintage furniture rental, and limousine and vintage car transportation were top notch too! We highly recommend Courtney and her team for any and all special event planning and execution!! Monika and Michael Allmon
