5	New favourite coffee shop. Amazing staff, food, and drinks! :) Has a great vibe and atmosphere.
5	Very nice.  First time here and at a raw food restaurant.  Loved the enthusiam of Xavier!   Had a good mocha and tried the raw sweets!  Loved the coconut macaroons!   Atmosphere is very relaxing with cool jazz.  Next time will try a raw meal.
5	Delicious and healthy!
3	Xavier, the Manager, will turn you on to the raw food movement after tasting his very nutritious smoothie creation.  He convinced me that all i need are vegetables and fruits and maybe some nuts.  It is that simple and it is the way.  This cafe and the people who operate it believe in wellness and giving back to the community.  It is very refreshing and wholesome.  Let's support it.
5	This place is amazing, Xavier is awesome and knows what i like... I get a white choclate raspberry mocha with almond milk, it is soooo yummy, all organic coffee. the customer service is awesome, highly recommend, they make you feel like part of the family, that's how comfortable it is! The food is amazing too, my favorite is the African spicy hummus you got to check this place out! they also offer free samples, how could you say no???
3	Every now and then I crave something light, refreshing and decidedly un-carnivorous. I've grown up in a household that always has Tahini and Braggs Amino Acid on hand and took tabouleh to school for lunch, so this style of eating isn't foreign to me. What did surprise me was the lack of creativity.With the raw movement being hugely popular over the last couple of years, I came expect that, by now, the food had gotten a little more.. refined, so to speak; a little more creative. What I found at Raw Food Express was simple, straightforward fare. I ordered the zucchini wraps which was about all they had left in the cooler for the day. It was about three thin slices of zucchini wrapped around a prettily diced medley of bell peppers, radish and cauliflower. This came with a coconut water, Braggs and Tahini dipping sauce. The wraps themselves were hard to eat as they were falling apart, but the cool crunchiness was welcome after braving the 105 degree weather outside. The sauce was unbalanced. It had a slight creaminess thanks to the Tahini, but mostly it just tasted of the Braggs- salty. For these three little wraps, I paid $10. Color me unimpressed.The only truly redeeming factor of this place is Xavier, and it seems as though he's no secret. He'll take his time with you and explain everything, making you feel very comfortable. He's fantastic!Unfortunately, the overall experience was somewhat disappointing as those wraps were something I would have thought to make at home and I was hoping that someone who specializes in eating as a raw vegan everyday would have surprised me with their creativity. Not so. Still, it wasn't terrible. Maybe I'll have to try one of the smoothies, so I don't end up going across the street to satiate my appetite next time.
5	Already a favorite after my first visit.  Not only were they the friendliest staff, but the greatest in customer service as well.  On first visit they let you sample everything before you commit to your meal, & your first coffee is on the house!
4	Hollar!  Love this place, although it is pricey.  A small container of hummus is $7.00.  But the hummus is to die for!  I am happy they added the sign on the side of the building Raw Food Express or I would have never stepped in the door.  The gentleman at the front offered me samples galore.  I basically had a meal just sampling all the food.  They make everything fresh, they only have a few things premade for you to go and pick up.  Everyday they have a new selection of foods to sell THAT DAY.  I tried the "chicken salad wraps"  of course it was not real chicken but seriously did taste like a chicken salad.  The not so cheesecake was amazing and the coconut pastry puffs were perfection!  Unless you want what they already have in the fridge for that day, you can not go in and order anything off the menu.  You have to call in a day or two ahead and ask them to prepare the food for you.  If you are looking for fresh, vegan and gluten free food this is a great place to go.  Just remember to call in before to see what they have or call in to order your food for the week.  They also serve a large variety of coffee and smoothies.  I did not try any but if it taste anything like the food, then I am sure its fantastic!
5	So, my vegetarian friend and I when out for some Thai food when we saw Something's Brewing Coffee House from where we had planned to eat. We noticed the sign also included "Raw Food Express" which intrigued us. After ordering, we decided we'd look this place up via Yelp to see the ratings and reviews. To our surprise, both were top notch! We both agreed that after our meal, we'd go check the place out and find something to order. We entered a few minutes shy of 7:00 and were immediately greeted by the manager, Xavier. He asked whether it was our first time, and was extremely informative and helpful in the selection process of what we should order or try. He offered us free samples of several of the treats they had-- the carob peanut butter macaroon was my absolute favorite! Being that we were stuffed from dinner, we settled for a hot green tea and chai tea, that Xavier had specially made to our liking. He had given us so much information about the business, the term "raw," and product information. I felt bad because business hours were over and Xavier was still catering to every need or question that we had. He truly is one who is passionate about the Vegan lifestyle and his business. I can't wait to return! I plan to pay a visit on Friday night, as we were informed later hours. Definitely recommend this place for Vegans and non-Vegans.
5	Just tried this place for the first time and I love it! Xavier the owner is wonderful and truly passionate about raw eating. He's so eager to educate each customer that comes in. I love that he lets you sample everything before you decide what you want and if you're eating there he doesn't make you pay until you're done eating. The prices may be higher than some like but it's not whole foods bad. Highly recommend the mock chicken wraps and zucchini wraps :)
5	Chef Xavier is a wonderful ambassador to the world of raw food.  The food is tasty, fresh and delicious.  He recommends going to the cafe website to look at the menu, and calling ahead to place your order, so that it can be ready for you upon arrival.  Or, if you pop in on the spur of the moment, you can select something fresh from the deli case.  For those who want help improving the nutrition in their diet, he offers a smoothie program.  He makes a delicious smoothie called "The Works" that contains many different vegetables but tastes absolutely delicious and refreshing.
5	After meeting the owner or chef and she kept going on and on about how the food was healthier and way more tastefull, I had to give it a try. (I am not vegetarian) I have to say that the food was full of flavor. I tried this desert of somesort it had nuts in it. I tried the hummus and I have never had hummus before so I was kind of scared.... but it was delicous. Like I just wanted to keep eating and eating. Next time if I can I will try 1 of everything.. lol jpI would highly reccomend this place if you just want a snack or something new to try..:)
5	Place is AWESOME! They let you sample EVERYTHING! I think my favorite item is the Sweet lemon pepper Hummus!  Paired with baked sweet potato chips. I also love the pesto quiche!(sp?) My vegetarian boyfriend really enjoyed the mock chicken wraps. We were very impressed with the service Mr Xavier showed us and we were able to meet Chef Shar. It is a family run business and they have a lot of passion for what they do. I'm so glad it is a health-conscious joint and I'm looking forward to new items. :)
5	A bit out of the way  to get to if you are visiting on the strip, but if you are a hard-core Raw Foodie, it is worth the drive. the menu is quite limited, but what is there is very well prepared and flavored. I think it's one of the best raw food friendly eateries in the valley.Generally they will offer you a free sample of anything before you buy! That shows they stand behind their food, as they should.They also have a little shop with a few things to buy.
5	I am so sad that I may be moving back to LA now that I've discovered Raw Food Express, I'm seriously considering living in Vegas "part-time"...if that even makes sense. Whatever, I'll figure it out.After reviewing the menu online and having my mind set on the BlackJack 21 Salad, I drove a few blocks down to the Cafe. I was immediately greeted enthusiastically by Xavier and then Rosa took care of my order. When I realized how small the container for the salad was, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be satisfied. Rosa insisted that it may look small, but the various, nutritious contents will keep my stomach (and brain) happy. However, she also cheerfully gave me samples of a few other items if I wanted to try anything else, just in case. 5 samples later...Damn. I am definitely coming back for the tacos, mock chicken salad wraps, zucchini wraps, and the macaroons. I ended up taking home the Blackjack 21 and Labenese Salad, both delicious but I can't take my mind off of the taco sample Rosa slipped me...curses! I'll be back.p.s. You can tell everyone here is very passionate about the raw food lifestyle. Xavier chatted a few customers up, including me, about his own weight loss experience (215lbs to 140lbs I believe he said) by cutting out animal products and including his WoRx smoothies in his diet, and the foundation of the food and philosophy of the place. He is patient with everyone's questions and answers every curious inquiry thoroughly.
5	Stopped at Raw Food Express for a Meet Up group and was there on the wrong day or so I thought. It was the wrong day as the meeting was set for the up coming day but it wasn't the wrong day to meet Xavier and his welcoming spirit.Raw is such a cool atmosphere I ended up engaged in a great conversation with a very nice young man, enjoyed a green smoothie and took home a wonderful Kale salad. My advice would be to stop by on purpose try the samples and enjoy the great food and wonderful hospitality of Xavier. I do plan on coming back to Raw for more of their wonderful food as well as my friends and family members I shared the tasty Kale salad with!
1	Not Raw, and not Express! The name raw food express is everything this place isn't. The only thing express about it, is that it is expressly slow, and they are expressly dishonest! Raw this place is not! Everyone is raving about Xavier. Sure he is nice to your face, and that is because he is lying to it! Xavier flat out lied to my face about the ingredients in the food. My Ice tea tasted horrible, like chemical store bought processed sugar crap!!!! Crap that I don't drink, for various reasons...blood sugar issues being just one of them. Xavier said the tea was made with lime juice, cinnamon, and hibiscus. The real truth is that it is colored Fresh and Easy Limeade...possibly colored with hibiscus...but I doubt that at this point. We saw them bring in at least 20 bottles of the limeade from the store. We asked Xavier multiple times if it was store bought limeade in the tea, he kept insisting it was fresh squeezed. (This is while we were watching the girl put the limeade in the fridge) He went on to brag about he was creating his own line of teas. We kept insisting that lime juice is not sweet like he was telling us. He just insisted that that is why his line of teas was the best because he "could do things that others couldn't do". I believe that "thing" is called "lie". Or maybe that "thing" was buy some Crystal Light and mix it with some limeade. I could do that at home if I wanted to, but I wouldn't because that is NOT HEALTHY!!!!!!!!!!I don't believe that Xavier eats raw food, or even healthy in general.  If  he did, he would understand why people care about what goes in their bodies and would not lie to them about it. He told one customer that he doesn't eat vegetables, that's why he blends them. What healthy person doesn't eat vegetables??!!!!!!!!! I would not trust the smoothies from this place any way. Probably made from Kool Aid, and canned vegetables or something.They also don't make the food they sell there. I'm not sure if Chef Sharon makes anything, and if she does, she doesn't make it there. Why else was there a chef there that was talking to xavier about bringing food in to sell? He was clearly not familiar with the raw food concepts. I had to drive way out of the way to give this place a chance. I really wanted to support a small business, that was promoting health and raw food. I am very disappointed in this place, and very angry that I was lied to!
5	Loved the mock crab cakes that came with a refreshing celery and corn salad. The crab cakes paired off nicely with a dill dipping sauce.First timers get half off on tea and smoothies, which was a sweet deal.The place is pretty small. When I came there was a group of 15 people having a meeting about the benefits of RAW foods and were hogging all the tables. But no worries! There were patio tables that I enjoyed my lunch at. I'd definitely come back again.
5	This place is Great! If you are. Super indecisive and don't know what to order no worries Xavier will literally let you try a sample of everything! Try the lemon pepper hummus soooo good! And the mock chicken wraps never disappoint.
5	Super friendly family owned business. Great lettuce wraps and healthy smoothies. Excited to see them grow and offer a larger selection of ready to go food!Xavier is the bomb! Always wanting to educate his patrons and bring a smile to their faces. I've never gone in there and not left without feeling happier than when I went in :)
4	I came here right after my workout at LVAC. The customer service was overall good. I had asked about explanations of the reasons they choose their ingredients but they were all rather vague promoting this whole idea that acidic foods will really mess you up.. When entirely your blood pH never changes that often.I believe they got the idea right just, their reasoning could use more accurate detailed answers. ( I am a Medical Laboratory Technician )But yes the important thing is the food! There is no meat, I have no problems with that anyways.I'm surprised at how filled I was from their mock chicken. I thought I had to buy 2 plates the first plate filled me, the last plate I had to force down.To get an idea of the cost.. For 2 plates and the smoothie it was 28 with tax.I appreciate how much fiber and flavor the food had.Along with their fresh juice, I sorta wish they made it on the spot instead of refrigerated to get me more nutritional value out of it.Overall, I like the place its nice, clean, Fast, and healthy. You can pig out with guilt. LolImportant tip is they open at Noon!!! Grr
2	Food here is ehhh. But the prepackaged food also kinda irked me. I'd rather see the chef prepare it or set my plate after I order it. Out of all the things I tried (sampled: kale salad, chipotle taco, crab cakes, bought: mock chicken wraps, and zucchini wrapped hummus) I only enjoyed the chipotle taco.the items are really small for the price, and mainly just doesnt taste that good. Like your mock chicken and crab should taste something like the meat its pretending to be right? I just felt like a bird eating all those seeds.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. I love Raw food express and I can't imagine how anyone could ever have anything bad to say about this place. I have been coming here for over a month now, pretty much on a daily basis. Xavier is awesome! very helpful and can answer any question you have regarding the food and ingredients. I don't believe anything here is "pricey" you are getting raw organic fresh ingredients, so yes, you can go to McDonald's and pay 5 dollars for a Big Mac,Fries and soda which has no nutritional benefit for you and you are basically putting chemicals and toxins in your body or you can pay 10 dollars for a plate of natural organic ingredients. Quality does cost more and is worth it if you care about what goes into your body. As far as the smoothies/juices there, the great thing about them is Xavier blends the whole foods in the vitamix blender rather than pulverizing and extracting them into a juice, which keeps them from oxidizing as quickly. Thus all the nutrition and fiber is retained and you can buy one and let it sit in your fridge for a few days. I think we definitely need more places like this in Vegas that cater to the Vegan community.
5	This place is amazing and all the food is BOMB! I've never tried anything I didn't like. It's all healthy, guilt free, and surprisingly filling!! The master Chef Xavier is not only sweet and friendly, he makes some kick ass food. I've done several diet programs with him and if you follow his orders they really work!!! He's helped me lose weight and I'm working with him now to continue meeting my health goals. So thankful to have a restaurant like this near me!!
3	The zucchini wraps were REALLY good. They let you taste items before you purchase, which is awesome. The prices are a bit high, but it's all raw food so that's not a big surprise. The location is small and the checkout process seems like a sales transaction which was kind of annoying but he was still really nice so that made up for it.I can't decide if I'll go back or not. If I have some extra cash I might because it's a quick way to eat a healthy lunch.
5	Very good vegan food to go. You can eat there but the space is small. It's more like a pick up food place. The food was great!!! All vegan and great staff. Food is made fresh every day and ready to go when ordered.
5	Awesome customer service; very friendly staff. Chef comes out to greet you when you walk in. You can sample anything and everything on the menu before you buy it, so it's hard to have a bad experience. Ordered the tacos, crab cakes, and chocolate coconut drink - filled up two people and tasted out of sight. Will definitely return here and recommend it to others.
1	This chef actually gave me a speech about how there is no scientific evidence that GMO's are unsafe.  This Chef actually wanted to debate with me about O R G A N I C foods.  I walked in and I had 1 simple question.   Do you use O R G A N I C ingredients at all? This was my first and last time I will ever set foot in that place.  He was very cocky and full of pride as he pointed to a machine on the shelf above him... he washes away all the pesticides,  said that he ONLY USES  CONVENTIONAL ingredients and doesn't believe in anything  O R G A N I C.  He was very rude.  He talked over me as I explained that conventional vegetables and fruits, etc. have been modified with DNA that modifies DNA in our bodies... didn't even let me finish, instead he continued his speech that it is washed away... YOU CANNOT WASH AWAY MUTANT DNA that was injected in the seeds and the plants to make it frankenfood... SPREAD THE WORD!!
5	This place is fantastic! Lots of healthy options from a very knowledgable and friendly staff. I highly recommend the Mock Tacos entree and the curried chickpea salad. The Jamaican Hibiscus iced tea is also to die for.
5	Raw food express is definitely a place you wanna check out if you're trying to stay healthy. They have a great selection of vegetarian food & juices that are quite healthy. The neat thing about this place is that they let you sample their menu before you purchase their food. Everything is fresh & tastes delicious. The owners are very friendly as well as their chef! The hours for this restaurant are weird but if you catch them while they are open stop in!
5	Totally agree with everything said before me! I drove from Henderson to get my hair done at Platinum Hair studio (Which was also amazing and got everything i asked for) and while i was waitinf i tried out this place! I was impressed that Xavier was greeting people by thier first name and knew right off the bat i have never been there before! Their were so many options and i really wanted a coffee drink, but passed since i'm trying to whiten my teeth. I asked him just to make me something good, so he made the same drink for me as the lady before and i'm glad he did! Filled with veggies and fruit including califlower and zucchini! Two veggies i usually can't stand!!! I told them my mama would be proud of me for finally eating my veggies! It was deliciousness in a cup ;) Will definitely stop by again when i'm on that side of town!
5	The couple who own & work the store are so nice and love what they do. One of them enthusiastically explained to us all of the different ingredients and health benefits/uses for their "elixirs" and let us sample all of them. They all tasted like really flavorful juice and were DELICIOUS. You could slightly taste the vitamins as an aftertaste, but my friend and I really didn't mind (according to the owner, they had 100-something different fruits & vegetables and a ton of different vitamins inside). You can mix them any way you want to suit your health needs OR what simply tastes good to you. A refreshing 12oz drink was $6.I didn't get any food, but I read the menu which looks pretty delicious (ALL VEGAN!). Most importantly, it seems like everything is super affordable. Definitely gotta go back to try the menu.
5	Thanks RFE for stirring up my yummy cup of goodness!I was brought here with a local who recently found this gem and wanted to fix me up since I'm suffering from a random cold.Whats up doc, jamaican hibiscus tea and berry citrus greens mixed up together... I highly recommend!Lots of health benefits with anything you walk out with from here.Cute couple running the business and very informative. $6 for what I like to call "a fix me up in a cup" :)If you're into eating clean and healthy... this spot is for you!I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2014
5	If u raw food lover this is for you. I loved the woman that was serving us , so kind and welcoming They have amazing feature for raw food place  - tasting menuI personally liked chickpea salad and crab cake !
4	I love the fact that there is a raw food place near where I live. the staff is very friendly and helpful as other reviews have pointed out. I would like it better if it was open longer and on wknds. this place is my first and only exposure to raw food restaurant. the food is about what I expected. it was decent. but then again I have nothing to compare to as far as another raw food restaurant. I found it a bit overpriced tho. I mean, they don't have to cook anything.... So why so pricey???
5	Great addition to the neighborhood!  Owner was super helpful/friendly and gave the husband and I free samples of all the juices before we purchased. Tried all the different kinds of hummus and they were great.  Next time going to come hungrier and try the mock chicken.
5	5stars for sure. I have so much respect for the owners for opening this place! Its awsome. Cute little health &wealth fast food spot. Great vibes in here. I like the chickpea salad & broccoli stirfry. Cant forget to get dessert the macroons are delish. We need places like this everywhere! And in my opinion its not overpriced at all. For 11$ you get a big plate of RAW nutritional delicious FOOD!!
2	Like another reviewer said, I found it really disappointing that they don't use organic/non-GMO products (I did see they have organic lemonade) - not even in their juices/elixirs. I used to come here a lot when my co-workers signed up for a juicing cleanse package they offered.This is why I don't understand their prices. If you aren't buying organic and non-GMO, why are your prices so high? I could go to Whole Foods and get a custom juice for the same price that IS organic and non-GMO. I'm not going to get into a cost vs health debate here, but I bring this up because I was also told someone that worked here that organic and non-GMO weren't essential to a juice cleanse. Any of the foremost authorities on juicing for health will tell you different: Gerson, Wahls, etc. To add something nice, Xavier is awesome. He is very friendly and kind. He will let you try everything and thoroughly explain it to you. He always has a welcoming smile and great attitude. I almost feel bad writing this review because I do not want it to reflect on him in any way. I really really want to like this place. I appreciate what they are trying to do. Overall, the prepared foods all were cool concepts, but really lacked flavor - same for the juices. I didn't care for them at all. And I WOULD be willing to pay more for organic and non-GMO.
5	So far this is a incredibly tranquil and friendly experience. However I will review as I go. I've ordered a combination plate and have chosen the crab cakes and zucchini wraps with extra artichoke and spinach hummus. .....I am awaiting the arrival of the order and am excited.   Ok so my food has come and it's freaking delicious... End of review..5 stars for this place. Hope it sticks around!!
5	Simply spectacular! The couple that owns the place are just incredibly friendly, they offer a little sample platter FREE because they're so confident about their menu. Every single bite of food on that plate was incredible! The other customer there raved about it telling me all the best items.  She said the food has what other local places are missing...FLAVOR! And se was right! Also, be sure you get their juice! It's amazing!
5	My first experience was above and beyond! The owner was amazing! Super friendly service. Food is amazing. Can't wait to come back for more.
5	passionate and friendly service, delicious healthy food at a very fair price. I'll definitely be back soon!
5	This is probably most welcoming atmosphere I've ever experienced in Vegas, true genuine hospitality and passion for their craft. And on top of that the food is amazing. Every ingredient has a purpose with numerous benefits which Xavier will gladly explain to you. Fresh teas, amazing coffee, and raw vegan food and desserts. Only downfall is they aren't always open when I want to go there, but it's totally understandable.
1	This place is not only not open during business hours but looks like it's shuttered it's doors for good...
2	I love raw, organic, non GMO food and am constantly only on the hunt for a good place.  However, several things turned me off about this place.  So much so that I will never go back.  I hate giving one star to a place that is not a chain... so I'll just state my experience and let everyone else decide.First, the attitude of the owner was too intense for lunch and inappropriate.  She sat with us (yep, at our table) nearly the entire time and lectured us about food and how to take care of ourselves.  By the way, I did not seek this advice and I only had an hour for my lunch break.  However, I was polite and entertained her and took her advice, but after 15-20 mins it was no longer welcome.  She stated that people that come to her restaurant are here because they need help.  She was abrasive and pushy with her tone and comments.  I told her we only came for the food, but she insisted that people come because they need guidance. She continued to preach and offer advice (on what you needed to consume and even how many bowel movements you should have), so I told her that she should consider changing the name of her place because Express doesn't reflect what her business style was.  She wants a business where she can coach and help others.  As several other yelpers mentioned, she wants you to sample things so you can get a taste for her food, but it is not fast service.  The word express is not reflective of her business at all.  While you're there she tries to lecture you and push her knowledge on you.  Since I love learning I listened, but when I questioned anything (as someone who's studied medicine and nutrition for years would) she was not receptive to my responses.  (Which was actually quite shocking... I felt her rolling her eyes at me)  I think she was very nice when I was just listening, but once I started asked questions (especially about the ingredients in the juice) she because very defense and slightly rude.We spent over $40 on a meal for 2.  And more when we ordered the hummus. In my opinion price point is too high, but that wouldn't keep me from coming back if I thought it was worth it.  The hummus was ok, but not memorable.  Honestly, I prefer the raw hummus at Whole Foods.  Her desserts were yummy, I will give her credit for that.  Overall, the food was decent, but I am did not like the taste of the juice.  Note:  Its not a raw juice, its an elixir loaded with vitamins and minerals.  The elixir or juice that she has does not say organic and it packed with loads of nutrients that I don't know are necessary for most people to consume.  Its also hard to determine if there can be negative side effects when everything combined.  There isn't an FDA approval system that I know of for supplements, so I stay cautious with them.  Plus, I felt terrible after drinking it so I'll let my body decide on this one.  I believe in raw food, but I wouldn't be comfortable drinking the elixir or juice ever again.  It took me a while to write this review because I wanted to separate my experience from the taste of the food. I don't know if I fully can, but I've never had a craving for the food (not even the dessert)  This isn't a place that I can recommend.
