4	Pretty good, darn fresh, and nothing's greasy. The fish tacos are wonderful, the shrimp cocktails are really good, and they serve mulitas, which I've never seen around here or in Detroit.Mulitas are like a taco/quesadilla hybrid. The standard taco meat, onions, and cilantro is served with cheese between two toasted, taco-sized tortillas. Very nice dish.
5	I love this place. It's a family owned restaurant with a great menu and excellent quality food.  The lunch hour can be busy but it's worth the wait!
4	Great Burritos.. had a carne asada, and i told them what i wanted and they made it. very friendly and fast service. oh and if you like Salsa theirs is great.
3	More of a 3.5 -- which requires a return visit to try some of the other offerings. This place is clean, has a well-organized menu and speedy service. My veggie burrito was less vegetable, and more your typical rice & bean fare. It could have been less messy with the wet ingredients that on top of the rice & beans included guacamole and sour cream. But overall a good experience. Mild salsas, good rice & beans, non-greasy chips and good service in a clean restaurant.
5	Wow. I got the fish tacos plate with a mulita on the side. Why yes, i would like to try each both sauces for the fish tacos. All I know is, this food was so good I felt like I was breaking laws eating it. My sister and I kept an eye out for the po-lice, because this was sinful stuff.  Everything tasted fantastic and I cannot wait to come here again.
5	Delicious. Fresh. Not greasy. Yummmmy.You know how some mexican food places have great tasting food, but its really greasy? This is not that kind of food. The food here is fresh, tasty, it's just so beyond your average taco joint. Fish tacos are great, tacos dorados are excellent, chicken taco, carne asada taco are good.  Comfortable place to eat with plenty of booths. You order your food at the counter, pay at the counter, and pick it up at the counter.
4	On a business trip to Vegas, I needed some place to eat. I came across Peppers, and thought "I'll give it a shot". At first I was concerned because it was around 5pm and there was only one other person besides my self in the place. I looked at the menu and saw authentic Mexican food and went for it. I ordered the chicken in tomotillio sauce. I never had this before, but was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious. I also had a pair of flautas. Now, I am sure I am crossing the line here, but they are really just taquitos for those who aren't latin/hispanic. The customer service was great, and the place was really clean. I used the restroom and I felt like I was in a hotel suite. Really nice spot, especially for an "out of town-er" like myself.
5	I'm hooked on Pepper's bean and cheese burrito. Awesome flavor and portion for a great price. The same girl is working there every time I go in, and she's always so friendly. She knows me by name, and she has my order down. I have yet to try another dish (aside from the cheese fries, which are delicious!), but I'm sure it's just as fresh and scrumptious as their bean and cheese burrito.
4	Good price great food - just had their fish tacos and they were fresh, crispy, and delicious.  Worth the visit!!!!
