5	OK ladies!I just got my hair done again by the awesome Annette. This woman is brilliant with hair color!I do a foil weave, I have long and thick hair and she is nothing but Amazing in the color she does.I do 4 colors, a paprika red, caramel, chocolate, and blond!!!I have been going to her for a couple of years, she uses wonderful color she gets from Italy.She is fabulous with colors, any color you could imagine she can do and it is mind blowing!I can't go anywhere without people stopping me asking who did my hair.She has two locations, one on the east side and one in the south west part of town.She is super reasonable also especially considering the amount of labor she puts into coloring.She does a hell of a haircut! She is a wizard with the scizzors and does what you want!I will be posting pictures soon from my last visit.I make my appointments at her SW salon where she has a private salon room, I don't have to worry about a busy annoying salon with tons of people talking etc. It is peaceful and her full focus is on me.I will never have anyone else color or cut my hair!She really should be working in Hollywood doing the hair of the stars! Her colors are vibrant, even when my hair is grown out it still looks great!Ok Ok I am done bragging about the best colorist in all of las vegas!!I am walking proof of her color and cut magic!Her email is annette4thelord@yahoo.com
5	5 STRONG STARS!Annette Thomas is the only person in las vegas that I will let color and cut my hair!Honestly I know I say this all of the time but she should be working doing the hair of the rich and famous in Hollywood she is that good! The movie stars would be lucky to have her work her magic on their hair!I opted for a color and style I have not had before so I went with the ombre color. Three different tones of stunning red with some caramel mixed in! A mix of paprika, burgundy and cinnamon just make my hair stand out. I have gotten so many compliments that it is to the point of annoying lol I feel like a movie star!Ombre hair swept the nation almost as fast as rumors of the zombie apocalypse went rampant on the internet, and since some of the biggest fashion trendsetters have committed their ends to a little punch of color just as I have. I know I am on the late freight but that is my own fault. Annette has been cutting and coloring as well as styling for years. She is a whiz with the scissors. She could cut my hair with her eyes closed and it come out Amazing she is that good! She has an Awesome fun personality as an added bonus!She does a kick ass foil weave which is my favorite since everything blends so well and for a more natural look. Her specialty is color, multiple colors she can blend and create like no other! At one time I had four colors perfectly blended in to perfection all colors complimenting one another. That was a color job that made people go ape shit over, you would have thought I was J-LO with all of the attention I got over it.The best part of all is that her prices are reasonable. Every time I have her do my hair I feel like I am ripping her off but she makes her prices as she is independent not working for a commercial salon who charges more for overhead etc. She has a location in the west part of town and east! I love her west side location is a private salon where I don't have to worry about people staring at me while my hair is being done! lol I don't like that.Call her and make an appointment she is very flexible!(702) 435-6422Her email is annette4thelord@yahoo.comGo see Annette the color and cut specialist and you will look and feel Fantastic or my name ain't Nikki Hernandez! :)
5	Annette is Amazing! I really look forward to her coloring and cutting my hair as she is a wizard with color. This last visit I decided on four colors that work really well to compliment each other. She is also Amazing at hair cuts, this woman has been doing hair for over 20 years and keeps up on the latest styles. I always tell her she should be working for the movie stars in Hollywood.Her prices are very good, she is a one woman operation that has a nice following because nobody can do what she can with color and a cut! She is such a beautiful person who truly loves what she does and it shows. She is great with appointments and can always seem to make time for a visit to work around your schedule. I guarantee there is nobody in this valley that can touch what she does, her style of foil weave color is perfection.Look at my latest photo, the colors are so rich and vibrant along with a haircut that works no matter what. I am a walking billboard as everyone under the sun always asks me who did my hair!!!!!
5	She did an AMAZING job with my hair. I went in with faded color and roots and walked out looking ultra fabulous. A woman shop, she only takes cash and check, but she was so fast at doing my hair I was out in a flash. Prices were NOT unreasonable at all. Will definitely return. Oh yeah, and those pics of that fabulous redhead in her album here... That's my hair when she was done with it. LOVE her.
5	What can I say that has not been said already about Annette Thomas the Exceptional hair colorist?Take a look at my latest photos as I have gone a bit more spicy! I decided on three colors this time, a Cherry Red and dark chocolate. The color combination is delicious and I look Fantastic!This woman is Amazing with color, multiple color foil weaves and regular color and great haircuts!I am always looking my Sexy Beast Best after she graces her hands on my head!
5	I have been going to Annette for years! Literally, no one else has touched my hair in almost 20 years. She is a master of color and highlights. She is always a lot of fun and we laugh and have a good time. My hair always looks great and I always receive compliments on the cut and color. She really has a lot of experience and knows what she is doing.
