3	You're in Caste Village and you're thinking....  Gianna Via's?  Wasn't this the Italian Oven?  Yes, yes it was.  It's now Gianna Via's, and it's nicer than the Italian Oven was.I'm giving it three stars because I've only been here twice, both times for breakfast, and I didn't like their coffee.My father lives nearby and LOVES this restaurant.  He says that there is usually a wait and the food is not exactly cheap but it's usually very good.For breakfast I had the three egg omelet and it was very good.  You can order whatever kind of omelet you want, they have every kind of add in imaginable.  Their hash browns are home made, shredded potatos.  These are probably the "good" kind of hash browns, but sadly I prefer the premade deep fried hash brown patties you get at Eat 'n Park.There is a bar attached to the restaurant where you can also order from the full menu.  This restaurant is nice inside and the service was good.  I'm sure I'll be back and better able to offer a more detailed review but...SO you were going to the Italian Oven and now it's something else.  Don't go over to Calabria's!  Try Gianna Via's!  It's good!
3	Since I hail from the Whitehall area, I went here for dinner the other night with my family.  We have been here several times and I usually split the portabella and wild mushroom pizza with my husband, which is always fairly tasty.  I guess he was feeling carnivorous and opted for the filet salad, so I order the grilled Tuscan Panini sandwich.  The dinners received a collective "meh" all around.  My sister had the salmon and she said we could make better at home.  I was surprised my sandwich came with Chicken since it was not listed anywhere in the description.  They also didn't have it on the Panini press long enough to even slightly melt the cheese, and it was cold throughout.  The homemade chips were pretty good though.  Next time I will just stick with the pizza (which is boosting this rating up to 3 stars).  They do have several dessert options which we couldn't resist and they were all thoroughly enjoyed.  I eat here when I'm visiting my family in Whitehall, but this is not a place I would go out of my way to patronize.  An upside is that it does provide another option in Caste Village to avoid the crowds at the madhouse that is Armstrong's.
3	I went to GV's for a family dinner on a recent Sunday night. The 9 of us made reservations and arrived at 6:30. We were taken to a back room for more space. The restaurant became quite busy by the time we left. For dinner, I ordered a cup of wedding soup and the penne vodka with chicken. The dish was described as spicy so I was intrigued. The wedding soup was fairly standard. I did enjoy the fact that the spinach was fresh and added on top the soup. However, I was missing more veggies and cheese. My chicken penne vodka was also nothing to write home about. There was a very small amount of chicken and the dish was far from spicy. In fact, it seemed much more creamy than most vodka sauces. I tasted my husband's special- pot roast with mashed pots and brussel sprouts. The pot roast was flavorful but the brussel sprouts were almost inedible. I love me some brussel sprouts. When done correctly, they can be salty, crispy and savory. These brussel sprouts were mushy and bland.  Overall, the food was average for this type of restaurant. I doubt I will return to GV's because there are many other family style restaurants around with more flavorful selections.
1	Never going back.  I visited this place to check out the new bar they put in.  We had an awesome bartender Susanne, and we had some killer cocktails.  However, the owner of the place was sitting down at the end of the bar, drinking(most likely drunk).  He was chastising his employees in front of his friends, like he was on a power trip.  This put the bartender in tears, and another waitress in tears.  Shortly thereafter, a patron of the bar left, yelling at the owner for treating his employees like crap.  Once he left, the owner and his "buddies" sat there loudly making fun of the customer for walking out. Stating "I don't care if he ever comes back".   Not only did this make us uncomfortable, it is beyond unprofessional. I will never return to this establishment, and I am happy to share this story with anyone who wants to listen.  Shame on him, and the piss poor management tactics.  There are 100 different ways this should have been dealt with.  The End.
4	My wife and I went to Gianna Via's on 1/13/13 for a date night.  We were seated with no wait and drinks/menus were brought promptly.  We ordered the garlic bread pizza for an appetizer and I was pleasantly surprised at how big the portion was.  We actually only ate half and took the rest home.  I ordered the prime rib salad and my wife ordered the chicken marsala.  I also ordered a large yeungling draft, but the waitress was nice enough to point out that they were running a special on another size, which saved us some money on the bill.  The food came and we were not disappointed.  The salad was large and had quality greens, no iceberg lettuce.  The meat was also good, as were the dressing and other toppings.  My wife's marsala was not a huge portion, but it tasted great and was very filling.The experience was great until it came time for the bill.  We had been finished eating for approximately 30 minutes and our waitress had not returned.  She had been given a large table and was preoccupied with taking care of them.  After another 15 minutes, I went to the bar to ask for takeout boxes and went to the hostess table to get our bill.  They had to track down our waitress so that we could pay (I think the owner had to track her down).  We were able to then pay, but nobody really apologized for the wait or offered anything in return.Overall the restaurant is a great value and a nice atmosphere with great quality food.  I was just disappointed in how long it took to get our bill and pay.  We will definitely return again.
3	I'm updating my review and giving Gianna Via's only 3 stars bc they are just ok, not A-OK.  This is a new restaurant and I truly believe the kitchen is just working the kinks out.   All the elements are there for Gianna Via's to be a very good restaurant, but they have not come together yet.The food is good.  It's alright.  Nothing to complain about but I'd compare it's current quality to Eat 'n Park.  It's good.  You won't hate it.My sister is a vegetarian and ordered the Tuscan panini.  As she's a vegetarian, she tends to look for items not including meat on the menu.  It was not a happy surprise when the Tuscan panini came out with chicken on it.  She's not a vegan, so she ate it anyway and said it was alright.  She ate only half of it, and we took the left overs home.  My father said he went to reheat the panini for lunch, and the half that my sister hadn't eaten had a hair in it.My brother in law had the steak salad which he seemed to love.My father had the pasta diavolo (diablo) which he enjoyed.  Both my brohter in law and fathers LERVE their food and are not picky eaters.My sister and I are a bit more discerning.  I had the salmon, and for the price I felt it wasn't great.  I'm almost certain that it was reheated frozen salmon, not fresh.  It was still pretty good, cooked just right to where it flakes and is still rare in the center.The service was...ok.  Having waited tables myself I take into consideration things like this being a NEW restaurant still finding its legs when I review the service.  Our waitress was clearly having an AWFUL day.  The kind of awful day where she was ALL OVER THE PLACE and very forgetful.  Our drinks came out right away, but we were starving and we had to track her down and beg her to bring us the bread they bring to the tables.  When she brought our bread, it was frozen in the middle.  I'm not going to get mad about FREE BREAD, so we just waited (a long time) and flagged her down for new bread.  When she brought our second loaf out she said, "I grabbed a loaf that's been sitting around for awhile so I'm sure it won't be frozen."  I guess they make frozen bread in the oven, but I still wouldn't tell a customer that their loaf had been sitting around for awhile.The service was slow, we had to ask for our entrees and we had to ask for our checks.  I'm pretty sure this was our waitresses first time serving tables.  While the service was slow, she was really nice.I say, give Gianna Via's a try, I really think that the food will continue to improve once this restaurant reaches its stride. I'd also suggest vegetarians avoid ordering the Tuscan panini, or at least be sure to ask your server for confirmation your intended entree does not include meat.
1	Never going back.  I visited this place to check out the new bar they put in.  We had an awesome bartender Susanne, and we had some killer cocktails.  However, the owner of the place was sitting down at the end of the bar, drinking(most likely drunk).  He was chastising his employees in front of his friends, like he was on a power trip.  This put the bartender in tears, and another waitress in tears.  Shortly thereafter, a patron of the bar left, yelling at the owner for treating his employees like crap.  Once he left, the owner and his "buddies" sat there loudly making fun of the customer for walking out. Stating "I don't care if he ever comes back".   Not only did this make us uncomfortable, it is beyond unprofessional. I will never return to this establishment, and I am happy to share this story with anyone who wants to listen.  Shame on him, and the piss poor management tactics.  There are 100 different ways this should have been dealt with.  The End.
4	After reading some reviews on here and also having been to the restaurant that previously occupied the space, I was a little hesitant to eat here tonight. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The decor was much nicer than I expected. The restaurant was clean and decorated nicely.  We were greeted promptly by our waitress. She was very friendly and great with our 17 month old son. Our orders were taken promptly and bread was brought to the table quickly. The dipping oil was delicious! I had the house salad with the fig balsamic vinegarette. It was incredibly good. My husband had a cup of the sausage bean soup which he thought was pretty good. For our entrees, I had the pesto gnocchi and my husband had the lamb ragu.  The pesto gnocchi was outstanding! I was served with a pesto cream sauce and candied walnuts. The walnuts made me hesitate at first, but I am so glad that I took a chance and tried it. It was a fabulous combination. I ended up bringing about 1/3 of mine home for later. My husband liked the lamb ragu, but didn't love it. I tasted it and it was good, but nothing to rave about. My son got the children's pizza. It was HUGE. He will get a few more meals out of the pizza for sure. When we were finished, the waitress took care of the check promptly. Overall, I had an excellent meal. My food was delicious, the service was spot on, and the restaurant was clean and pretty. Another plus, they are in the Enjoyment book! I recommend giving them a chance. I think you will be pleasantly surprised!!
2	Overpriced.  At these prices the food quality should be better. The food isn't bad   but not great either, not good enough to justify the prices.
5	While I don't make it down to Gianna Via's as much as I'd like, it's one of my favorite places in Whitehall. The food is good and the bar is event better.Food wise, I normally stick with the pizza. The dough and other ingredients are always extremely fresh and the sauce is delicious. The pizzas are cooked perfectly in a woodfired oven. Now, when I do pizza I do it right. The last one I had here was custom with mushrooms, italian peppers, red onion, meatballs, spinach, artichokes, banana peppers, and fresh basil. Bar wise, I think they should use this as a tag line...."Dive bar prices in a high class space." Seriously, I can't drink at the corner bar or in the South Side for half the price of Gianna Via's. The bartenders are awesome, drinks are great, TVs easy to see, and the crowd is laid back. Appetizers are half off at the bar, they have a great beer selection, and their's always a great drink special on top of their already great prices. Last night it was $5 Long Islands with the lowest quality liquor being Bacardi...not bad! Thursday are also wine bottle night...they're all $17 (or something close to that).If you're looking to entertain some friends, or watch a game, this is a great place to do it!
3	Been there several times for take out only--and have never been disappointed until my last visit.  I asked for Extra Sauce for my pasta and the guys in the OPEN kitchen gave the girl packing my food a hard time about it.  She had explained to them that previously I had received a clear plastic container halfway filled with sauce when requesting extra -- and this time I got a small salad dressing container.  Needless to say that after I was made to feel like I was a liar and how I should be charged for a SIDE---I walked out without my sauce thinking how ridiculous it was that asking for extra sauce could have caused such turmoil !  It's sauce for Gods sake for a pasta dinner that wasn't cheap.  The food that day lost its appeal in my eyes.  Not sure if I'll be going back.
5	I have been going to this healthy alternative restaurant since it opened as the Italian Oven.  The breakfast is the best around with  great pancakes and waffles too.  Want blueberries on top?  They can do that.  The paninis are awesome with the Italian panini my favorite.  I haven't had a bad meal there yet and the recent addition of the bar makes for a great place to stop for a drink too.
1	Worst experience at a restaurant. I called and set up a PRIVATE Christmas party for all my employees and was told that was no problem. There was no mention of a minimum amount of people. When I arrived at the scheduled day and time, I was escorted into a room with about 40 strangers and small children. They had us sharing a room which I was not made aware of ahead of time. We were put at one table against the wall. I had to track someone down to bring out a folding table for the cake and cookies I had told them ahead of time we'd be bringing. When I complained about the shared space I was told that there are different managers there during the week than on the weekend and it was a breakdown in communication. I said I would have appreciated a heads up and I was told that our group wasn't big enough for a private space. I didn't feel that was an acceptable excuse because all someone had to do was tell me that on the phone but there was nothing done to make the situation any better;  no money taken off the bill, no "real" apology, etc. We were supposed to have "the room" from 1:00-4:00 and at 3:45 they told us they needed us to leave because they had 2 other parties coming in. Talk about accommodating. And the food was ok, nothing special. I will never go back and I don't recommend it.
2	My husband and I went  here for a date night. I had the roasted beet salad and he had the chicken pasta. My salad was $14 and I think it had a total of 1 tbsp of beets and 2 pounds of greens. It was so disappointing. My husband had two bites of chicken and it was dry and flavorless. I think that this place has potential but the menu is disjointed and very overpriced for the portions. We will not be returning.
3	Just had my birthday dinner celebration there the other night- dinner special was the prime rib. It was excellent! Now the downside- we had a party of 15- a task that is no small feat for 1 server, even in optimally staffed situations. Our server was on top of things at first but it soon became clear that the supporting staff was spread EXTREMELY thin. I understand that this fault does not fall to the server, rather it is a very poor reflection on management. 1 server for multiple tables of 10+ guests at each table is a management FAIL. 70 min+ until everyone at the table had their dinner. I really felt bad for the staff. They did do their level best, and as such, I tipped accordingly to their true effort.  Disorganized chaos is a polite way to put it. Sorry guys, I'll be going elsewhere in the future for these types of occasions. But hey! My prime rib was excellent!
5	This is an awesome local restaurant that you should give a try! They have gluten free pizza that is killer! They also have a deal where all the apps are half price in the bar all the time, which is great. They have recently also added gluten free pasta to the menu so you can get that with most of the dishes that they have. Delish!
1	Service wasn't very good. We wanted breakfast at 12:15pm according to the signs breakfast is served until 12:30pm. Waitress said she would ask, 15 minutes later the table next to use gets their breakfast waffles and server comes back and I ask, so can we order breakfast and she says sorry no?! So we ordered our food, I was last wanted a panini and she said oh we don't have those and point out the menu says they are only available from Monday to Thursday and after 10pm on a full moon if you get what I am saying. Oh well ordered something  else. My brothers girlfriend wanted  balsamic dressing for her salad and she comes back and says we don't have any made yet, but will later!!! Why can't you make it now I am thinking? All in all won't be going back ever
4	This place is right by my office and I can always go for their wedding soup. I'm not sure how to explain their wedding soup other than it's just amazing. It comes in an actual cup with a handle, which I love, there are always tons of noodles as well. The food that I've had has been great but I have not heard great things about the pizza though I've never had it from there. The turkey flatbread is awesome as well as the tuna but I always say light in the mayo for the tuna.
5	Excellent little cafe!  I stopped in this week to have breakfast with my grandmother.  I could not believe how good the prices were.  Most items were under $7.  We both had the Village breakfast which had potatoes, eggs, toast and a choice of meat.  The food was prepared quickly and was cooked very well.  They have HUGE coffee cups, which is always a plus! The best part about my visit was our waitress.  Robin waited on us.  She was so positive, happy and attentive!  Her attitude and great survive made my day!I can't wait to go back and try lunch or dinner!
2	Great bar but very poor food quality. Been there several times and always disappointed.
5	Very attentive wait staff, excellent wedding soup and cafe salads.  The bread was warm, fresh, fluffy and was awesome with olive oil!  My raviolis were clearly made in house and the sauce really had a strong fresh tomato flavor.  My husband had the chicken Alfredo, and he only wished the chicken had been grilled.  He ate it all though and really liked the sauce.  We will be back!
5	Great food at a reasonable price. I recommend the pizza and pasta specials but never had a bad meal. Looking for a quiet bar to meet friends this is your place. Great bartenders.
4	First off, I've been here multiple times and my cousin is the head chef. So maybe I'm a bit biased. But I also love good food and can honestly tell you that you will get it here. Today I had the spinach artichoke dip for the first time which is served on bread, kinda like a small pizza. It is creamy without being overly cheesy and heavy. My boyfriend got veal Marsala which was cooked to perfection! The meat was tender and the sauce very flavorful. I got rigatoni with meat sauce that was good, not great. I should've gone with the lobster ravioli. I highly recommend stopping in. Chef Matt loves to experiment and come up with new exciting dishes.
4	I must start my review with a disclaimer: I am a former employee of GiannaVia's. I started as a dishwasher and worked my way up to line cook. I don't know how things have changed since I left to take a full-time job in 2013, but I know my experience there was great, and I have been back many times since to keep in touch, and to eat the food of course!I grew up in Whitehall Borough; it's a tiny, tiny little place with not much in the way of unique eateries. You have to travel to neighboring boroughs to find much worth your time. Armstrong's is in the same shopping center as GiannaVia's, and I was never a fan of it, so I was happy that with GiannaVia's renovation and addition of a bar, Armstrong's finally had some decent competition. GiannaVia's is a highlight in Whitehall because of its focus on quality ingredients and diverse menu. GiannaVia's has a menu that has expanded much over the past few years, offering a range of Italian dishes, from the simple, rustic (and very popular) pasta d'angelo, to more 'luxurious' fare like pesto gnocchi and salmon with risotto and mixed vegetables. They also offer more standard food like personal pizzas, panini, fried appetizers of all kinds, and a great bunch of salads. I know from firsthand experience that a large percentage of the dressings, sauces, and entree components are made from scratch, in-house. The ingredients are quality. The head chef there is a very passionate, driven young guy who takes food service and culinary creativity very seriously. I think he's a wonderful fit for the restaurant; he is always coming up with new ideas for specials, and does his best to maintain quality. Rest assured that if you have an issue with your food at GiannaVia's, it will be taken care of. Even before I was an employee here, I would come in often with my family to get the soup of the day (usually one broth-based soup and another cream-based) with a panini. The panini are just the right size, with a toasty 'crunch' when you bite into the bread. The classic Italian panini was always my favorite - the perfect combo of capicola, salami, ham, and the like. I also love their pizzas, which are all baked to-order in a wood-fire oven. I'd recommend the buffalo chicken pizza if you like the conglomeration of salty, creamy (blue cheese!), smoky, and spicy. You honestly can't go wrong with a pizza here if you don't want to stray too far from 'normal.' For some reason I think GiannaVia's salads stand out. They can get a bit pricy (I'm looking at you, salmon salad), but I love the combinations of ingredients. Try the beet salad, with roasted beets, pears, and goat cheese, or opt for my favorite, the heirloom tomato tower, a non-traditional "salad" that puts thick, juicy heirloom tomato slices in the spotlight, accompanied by fresh mozzarella, capers, and a balsamic glaze that I swear I could guzzle right out of the container. GiannaVia's has a pleasant atmosphere, with lots of seating, a modest but beautiful bar that's out of the way of the regular dining room (without feeling like the bar and restaurant are separate entities), and an additional, spacious party room with some nice fixins' like a flat-screen TV and a fireplace. I have personally come back after my employment there for a party for my grandfather and can say that having a party catered at GV's is generally hassle-free. Servers are friendly and knowledgeable. Food comes out quickly, and I know from working in the kitchen that the flow of things is organized and quality-oriented. The restaurant also has a breakfast menu, which is pretty good, though it's not the best breakfast in the 'Burgh. Expect to wait a while if you come for breakfast on a Sunday morning. Churchgoers from across the street seem to overflow right into the waiting area. I can't say much else other than I really enjoy the food here. It can get a little expensive if you add appetizers, sides, and entrees together - it's very easy to spend $20 here - but I think it's well worth it for the portions and quality.
2	I have been to Gianna Via's several times, I think because I wanted to like it since I love Italian food! However, I unfortunately can honestly say that I am not impressed. Nothing was particularly bad or awful, but it was overall underwhelming. The service and atmosphere was fine and the outdoor seating nice in good weather. I thought the food was mediocre and overpriced for the product. I specifically recall getting a penne a la vodka dish with chicken but it wasn't actual chicken breast. Instead it consisted of some sort of shredded chicken. The pizza was also bland and had too much crust around the outside. I really don't recommend Gianna Via's. I would return if someone with me really wanted to go, but if you're in the mood for Italian, I think you can do better.
