4	I hate coming here because it's kind of like the doctor's office; you're usually here because something's wrong. That or it's a check-up and you're just wishing you could be spending your time elsewhere.That said, I have two advisors (one day and one night) that make the visits a lot less painful. Roland and Justin are both really helpful, friendly, and since I've had them as advisors, I spend a lot less time hyperventilating into the phone about prices for repairs I might not have even needed. That and my 10 year old car is running like new.
3	3 starts only because I've had both good and bad experiences with VW Service. I've never taken my car to another VW service department so I'm not sure if my poor experiences were this location or just VW service in general....My first complaint is nothing that they can change..that is the proximity to my house. I'm in the SW so this place is just inconvenient to drive too. I would prefer to wait for my car because its just a pain in the ass take the shuttle - whose hours of operations are no where NEAR close to the service depts hours - or bother someone to pick you up and then take you back. I like my service adviser Beau. There are several "duds" there and Beau is upfront, honest, gets back to you fast and doesn't bull shit, so thanks to Beau for earning the three stars.On a negative note I've been back WAY too many times for the "same issue" and I use quotes because for me the symptoms are always the same, but the results never come back the same from the technician. Additionally, when they finally figured it out, I was only a few hundred miles past my warranty so then I had to pay for the work. They were willing to negotiate SLIGHTLY but I'm still bitter I had to pay any pennies at all. I hope our relationship will get better over time and that my problem will not come back. Then hopefully I can give a better star update in the future :)
1	Wow. Feeling stupid for leaving a nice review before. I have brought my car here about five times now for the same problem. My car would not start on the first try. First time I was charged about $2000 for repairs. Figured that should leave my car running like new. NOPE. Brought it back. Another $300. Brought it back a couple more times and was told there was nothing wrong with it. Brought it back a FIFTH time and was told that this time they actually checked it instead of just starting it and not seeing a problem. Wow, so what were they doing the last two times I had my car there for over a week?????? Charged $300 for something they are "optimistic" will solve the problem. Guess what? It didn't.
5	Excellent!
1	I am finally updating this now that I have the time. See my previous review for the whole story. My car STILL did not consistently start correctly directly after the repairs. Called to speak to Chad since he had told us that if the problem was not resolved, they would refund the $300. Took almost two weeks for him to respond to our multiple calls. He then told us that they could look at it again but did not seem to want to honor that refund we were promised. Look at it AGAIN??? That's not the same as a refund.
1	Another trip to VW that makes me angry. My battery died and we had called and were told since its within 4 years, it would be half off under warranty. We drive all the way there and are told no, it's not covered and it'll be an extra $150. Really? Even after we mentioned all the issues including the refund we were PROMISED and never received, they didn't  care. We received an "I understand" but that's very different from an "I care and want to rectify the situation". If they had been upfront it might not have pissed me off quite as much but even if the place I'm at now charges more, I'll pay it just to avoid the VW service department. Clearly they don't check their Yelp since I've never gotten any follow-up from them. Previous advisors who have screwed me over all but ignore me when I come in. I tell anyone and everyone who will listen just how much I hate this place. I will sooner but a new car than come back here.
4	Friendly staff and they try to make your wait short and comfortable while you wait for your car to be serviced.......One thing that would make it a bit nicer would be to have to drivers since they are driving us all over town to get home.
