4	I don't find a Taste of Italy to look as Italian as it may like, but if you're looking for a quickly whipped up satisfying pizza, then chow down on what this place has to offer.Convenient and styled like a modern fast food establishment (with a few booths included so you can sit in) A Taste of Italy is a pretty tasty option if you're looking for takeaway in a hurry. It pulls a lot of its business in from the neighbouring Playhouse, and from people making their way to and from work.Interestingly, this place is owned by the man who is behind the absolutely delicious Vittoria restaurants. It's proof you shouldn't judge a book by its cover since I find the exterior to look more takeaway than culinery delights. But I appreciate that Crolla is attempting to move in a different direction, and it opens up his highly acclaimed business enterprise to another audience. This platform does the job nicely - all the quality of the Vittoria's cooking but lower prices and a different pace of service. If I stayed within a mile of this place, I would happily become obese. But considering I don't, I satisfy my cravings when I'm through at the theatre. Bella, bella!
4	I wasn't sure if I could take this restaurant seriously, as I felt the modern building, as well as the name were quite dubious!So I was pleasantly surprised when I finally went in last week. The first thing that hit me were the desserts. They've got a whooping large variety, and the presentation is so great I considered cleaning the counter out bank robbery style! Taste of Italy (cringe!) has been open for just a few months, and it does indeed have that smell of fresh enterprise. The menu is extremely varied, and though I only grabbed a dessert to go (how can one resist a profiterole CAKE!) they also serve breakfast, pizzas, salads,pasta, paninis and burgers. I suspect they're trying to stand out from the numerable Italian restaurants in the area, as there is something a bit younger and livelier about the colours and design of the place. Personally, I'm more of an old soul, but the food here is great. Did I also mention cheap?
5	I'm baffled to find that this place is apparently new. I could have sworn it was here years ago.Despite then proving evidence of my increasingly deluded and hallucinatory behaviour, Taste of Italy still impressed enough on my sole visit to be firmly on my radar next time I'm down this end. Sadly that's all too rare an occasion, as despite it being my favourite part of Edinburgh duty rarely takes me here.My cappuccino was creamy, frothy to the bottom, and generally just pretty fantastic. The dark chocolate shavings instead of the usual powdered gunk was a further Brucie Bonus. The ciabatta with creamy mozzarella, and bursting with big meaty tomatoes, was also as faultless as you could ask for.Fingers crossed I'm back down this end of town soon.
3	A hustling and bustling atmosphere at the lunchtime made it reassuringly popular. Service was efficient and menu choice was broad. However, I only give it 3 stars because the food was tasty but not particularly authentic. On the plus side the food was definitely on the cheaper side, so one can forgive this. A great budget eatery.
4	From the same stable as Vittoria, La Favorita, and Divino Enoteca, diner-style Italian, Taste of Italy, offers good quality at high speed. If you're looking for a fast bite, this place is ideal.Overall, we said: "Taste of Italy serves high quality dishes, quickly and efficiently, at a very reasonable cost. It keeps things simple, focuses on flavour, and has a bunch of happy customers, as a result. It's a great spot for a quick, high-value bite, so I'd happily recommend that you pay it a visit, soon."
4	Want food without having to reserve a table at a fancy restaurant and bypassing the expensive prices of the city centre without having to travel too far away?  This little casual dining cafe is a great spot for fast food without having to resort to McDonald's or Burger King.  Great anytime of day whether it be poached eggs and smoken salmon (delish, just what the hangover ordered!!!) for breakfast, panini for lunch, afternoon coffee and cake or even burgers for dinner - this place offers it all!!!  Meet the girls for Saturday brunch before hitting the shops, catch up on the gossip from the previous night's adventures or grab some food here before heading to the cinema.  For any occassion this place is a winner.
4	We were recommended Taste of Italy by a  family member and I'm glad he mentioned it.The place is small but the food is freshly prepared and delicious. The service is fast (possibly a bit abrupt ?) and there's not a lot of tables, but that appears to be the appeal of the place: good food, quickly and off you go. If you want a nice relaxing or romantic  meal this probably isn't the place for you but if you want good food at a reasonable price (and, judging by the accents of the other patrons, I suspect more authentic than most Italian restaurants) you have to check it out.
4	Very nice to sit here eating a margherita and a slice of cake. You can either sit on the back or up in the front and look outside and that particularly suits you if you're by yourself as I was the other night! The prices are not bad and some of the waitresses are Italian which makes it feel even more authentic given that the pizza itself is not bad at all!
1	very disappointed by my experience at this place! unfortunately the matter was to do with the rudeness of staff. Came in on Wednesday the 9th of july at 9.45. There were 2 female members of staff waiting on the floor, the brunette younger waitress was extremely rude when i asked if it was possible to sit in a booth as she was practically forcing me to sit on one of the high stools. I'm not sure if this was an inconveinience for her or whatever but she did not say anything, she just looked at me like i was a piece of dirt and then moved the cutlery from the space i wanted to sit in a rude manner, she did not speak to me at all, not a peep but instead rolled her eyes at the other blonde waitress. Extremely rude, did not feel welcome in this eatery and decided to leave.
1	The friendlyness of this restaurant is not what it seems to appear at first sight.Although most of the girls overhere are friendly, the manager has some nasty tricks to try to get money out of you. This is what happened to me on August 29 2014:I was by my self, looking for something small to eat. I am a tourist, and this little Italian place looked nice to me. So I decided I wanted to eat a soup here.As an older (in her 30ties) blond lady stared at me, but did not ask me if I would like a place to sit down. Maybe because I am a man of colour and had a baseball cap on. Any, it felt weird, but I kept standing there, for I thought: maybe she did not know I wanted to eat something.Then, a nice young and tall blond girl asked me very friendly if I would like to have dinner. She pointed me out a table.Then an Italian girl with dark hair served me. She was friendly as well. She accepted the fact that I just wanted a soup with a basket of garlic bread and an orange juice.I had my soup and bread (which were very tastfully) and after that I wanted to pay.The dark haired girl with a thick Italian accent told me to wait for the change, as I gave her 10 pounds. The price of my meal was 7 pound.I immediately had a bad feeling when she told me to "wait for the change". Normaly one would say something like: "one moment sir, I will come back shortly with your change".I waited and waited... for one whole hour!I was not planning on leaving without my change, so I kept waiting. As I was waiting, I saw the girls talking about me at some point. After waiting for over an hour, I decided to ask for my change. I knew that the girl could not have forgotten about me, for I was sitting in her sight the whole past hour.When I asked for the change, she asked me: "what change"? Then I explained her politely about the fact that I gave her 10 pound and that I should get 3 pound back.She then turned red and went to her manager to get the 3 pound.I then asked her for a cup of tea, as I became thirsty after waiting for so long.The whole thing annoyed me a lot, for it was clearly that from the beginning there was no intention to ever give me my change.This was all so not necessary... ofcourse I will never enter this restaurant again.Wether people come in to have a big meal or a small meal, it should not matter.
2	Once I was passing and went in for a quick slice of pizza and a delicious strawberry milkshake. I thought it was really nice so I went again last week and waited on a margarita pizza to take away. When I came home I was all excited to have it as I was starving till I opened my pizza to see the extra tomato on top wasn't even cooked and the pizza was all oily. I won't be getting a pizza again but I'll definitely be getting their milkshakes.
5	This is a brilliant cafe and probably my favourite eatery in Edinburgh. The service is always excellent - fast and friendly - and the food is great. The Vesuvio Pizza (with no chilli) is my personal favourite and probably the best pizza in Edinburgh. The pasta is also great and they do a fantastic Carbonara. I recently took my Italian friend from Napoli who has lived in Scotland for 7 years and he said it was the best pizza he has ate in Scotland - so that is saying something. The staff are lovely, non pretentious and it's fast and cheap, so a no brainer 5 star review in my opinion. If you haven't been you must go!
