4	I'm very happy they decided to open another location. Before I needed to drive to the other side of town and while it was well worth it, a shorter drive is always better, if the experience is the same...And I'm happy to say they have done a great job of bringing a similar experience to the west side of town. They staff is friendly, food consistently excellent and the ambiance feels authentic  (i.e. not like a Denny's with a splash of Mexican paint/art work!). I've already eaten there twice and the Carney dishes are still highly recommended.The salsa seems a bit different in consistency (very blended) but the taste is the same. I recently tried the fajitas and did not love them. But the fish taco was great (soft, not hard shell!, you'll thank me).All in all highly recommended, they do not get the five for a few reasons:1) It was tough for me to find the address of this location. Internet Marketing please!2) While the newer location is nice, it just doesn't have the feel of the Desert Inn location.3) I have never been to Lindo and not heard at least one person be wished happy birthday by the staff. I haven't heard this at the new location.I think Lindo Michoacan has an excellent management team. Never met them, just judging on how the business is run and the feel from the staff. Cheers!
4	Good Mexican food, and really nice restaurant. Lot's to chose from on the menu, but a tad expensive. Not gonna find much under $10 (except appetizers). Most meals are in the $10-$15 range. So if you order two meals and drinks it can quickly add up.The fresh guacamole is a MUST! They mix it right at your table and it's SO GOOOD. Margarita's are good, but I wish they had a better happy hour.On Sunday, they do a buffet, which is good, but not spectacular. I would just order a plate from the menu, but the buffet does give a good variety.
4	This in my favorite Mexican resturant, the fresh guacamole is the best in town.  I usually go for one of the combination plates but their steak cilantro and coca-cola carnitas are also an excellent choice.
1	The only offal item on the Applebee-style menu was lengua, and that was so dry and tough! Can an authentic Mexican restaurant really not offer other offal options? I think not!If i wasn't there to meet up with some old friends (who got a recommendation from another friend), I would have turned around and left after just stepping through the front doors.
4	This is the newest location of this great family-owned authentic mexican restaurant. It starts with  Outdoor seating, fabulous decor and a great bar. The lunch specials are great 32 to choose from. Personally I always like the Steak Picada or a la Mexicana. I don't know how they do it but I literally cut this steak with a fork. It was the most flavorful & tender steak I've ever had at a mexican diner. The tacos are crispy with shredded beef. By some stroke of magic the taco topping are still cool instead of all hot & wilted like other places. The service here is better than most any place you will ever visit. They take pride in their work and they want to make sure everything is to your liking. The menu is very extensive and reasonably priced and the servers are very good at describing all the dishes for you. If this place was in my neighborhood, I'd work a deal to wash the dishes for a free meal every day. Hats off!!
1	OMG save your money go to Taco Bell. Decided to try Lindo's newest NW location on Tropical. NW area is still lacking good Mexican food. Thought Lindo would be the answer...............Not!.. Decor is nice..Went for lunch. Was promply seated which was good..then things went downhill. Was asked by four people what we wanted to drink..none was our server. Omar was a server..I think he needs to go back to making "tents" He could barely speak english and this must of been his 1-2 day on the job. Each thing he did, he needed to check with someone. He needed help taking our simple order. Simple order 2 Tacos and 2 Enchalidas. He couldn't seem to understand that all I wanted was 2 cheese enchilda's. He kept asking me if I wanted beef or chicken. Told him i wanted just cheese,onion and olives. After the second waiter explained it to him he seemed to finally understand. They serve you some chips,salsa and bean dip while your waiting for your order. It's ok, wish the chips were warm. They are very attenative about re-filling your beverage glass, as long as coffer or ice tea. Order arrives..Tacos...rock hard thick shell w/ dried shreded beef..I think the beef was cured in Death Valley. You also get some crispy spanish rice and re-fried beans, actually the same beans as in the bean dip with a spinkling of cheese. Enchaladas. A very garlickly sauce..All the cheese was on the outside, nothing inside..Onions and olives...none. Had to ask for them. When Omar returned he had the onions, but said they didn't have any olives. Which I found a bit strange because I saw them on a taco salad. They try to hustle you out as soon as possible. Removed the utinsils I didn't use from the table, before I was half way thru our meal. Removed the chips,salsa,bean dip when Omar presented us with our check. Spoke w/ the general manager before I left about our experience. He said he was sorry and would work with our server. But I have no doubt he was just blowing me off. Offered to comp me a future meal. Assured him that was not necessary as I had no intention of ever eating at one of their restaurants again. You'll get more bang for your buck, and better food if you go to Taco Bell...Order a platter meal..
3	I can't say that this place offers "authentic" Mexican food as it reminds me of El Torito and/or Acapulco's.  But, for the general public, I guess, its as authentic as you're gonna get on the West Side.The menu is pretty expansive, so take a minute to peruse...I chose the Chile Verde Burrito, and it was very good.  Spicy, but good.  Big enough to give me left overs for the following day, too.  My hubby ordered the Carne Asada Torta - as did my uncle - and my aunt got the fajitas.  Pretty expensive, but they picked up the check, so all good.Probably will go back to taste other things on the menu - but it will have to wait for a pay week!
3	I love this place.  Unfortunately, I seem to get the carnitas every time I go now.  They are very well prepared and come with large home made flour tortillas that are awesome.  There are always leftovers for the next day's lunch.We always get the table-side guacamole, which i would recommend regulating the amount of ingredients the servers mix in.  Some of the servers just dump a whole bowl of onion, one of tomatoes, and another of jalapenos into the mix.  It should just be a touch of each of those.I sat outside on our last visit and it was very pleasant.  Inside is a little more typical, but still nice. Food update:  I didn't like the Chile Verde as I found it too sour.  But I did have the Chile Relleno, and I recommend!  They use Pasilla Chiles (i'm purdy sure), and nice creamy cheese that mixes well with the enchilada sauce that its covered in.  The sauce is almost as good as mine! (almost.)  I generally disagree with the other comments about service.  I have generally had very good luck and received extremely friendly service.
4	Me and my wife love this restaurant. I've only tried one bad thing on the menu (which was my bad because it was a Coca Cola marinaded steak and I hate sweet meats). They always have live music and delicious margaritas (often they are very heavy handed with the tequila which I love!). The salsa is good (nothing to write home about though) and they have really good guacamole. Good restaurant overall.
3	I have to agree with the other yelpers. I am a huge carnitas fan and the carnitas here are really good. They come with good basic rice and beans and fresh homemade tortillas, and the guacamole is fresh made and tasty. I really liked the chips, salsa, and the bean dip served at the beginning. The shredded beef tacos are good too.Some of the other things are a miss....the chimichangas are bad...from the shrimp and the chicken they are just bland.Service is good and our server pepe was great.I would go again...although I think san francisco has better mexican food.
3	They were pushing the margaritas... we ordered one house margarita and one of the higher quality tequila margaritas and told the waiter not to tell us which one was which. We disagreed on which was the better one (so really the house margaritas here are delicious... and there's only a 2 dollar difference). Fresh tortilla chips, bean dip and salsa are complimentary and the baskets/bowls never get close to empty before being promptly replaced. We ordered fresh guacamole which was made at our table to our liking. We also ordered the carnitas with the coca-cola sauce on the side. The sauce was very sweet so I'm glad we had the choice of how much to put onto our food but it was delicious. Overall I left feeling satisfied and almost stuffed (I definitely take advantage of the chip refills). One of the better Mexican restaurants in town but a little pricey.On a side note: I have also heard great things about Lindos on Flamingo and Hualipi just west of the 215.
1	I gave them a chance ate there twice, both times had to wait and they were not busy. The service sucked the food was worse. Manager was rude. I will drive the extra miles to eat at Benito Michoacan as he makes far superior food a the staff works it real good.
3	While there were some things I very much liked about our experience at Lindo Michoacan, there were a few other things that definitely keep me from giving it more than three stars.First, the location and atmosphere are great. Right off of the 215 and Flamingo, this (relatively) new building has a great dining room right off the front door, as well as a dining area off of the bar. The area off the bar has a small stage with live music which adds a lot to the atmosphere, especially for a restaurant in Vegas.  Our waiter was excellent - attentive, communicative and treated my daughters (3 and 5 years old) very well.Overall we had a good dinner, though there are a few things I wasn't 100% happy with. Though we ordered our dinners clearly and everyone understood the changes, the kitchen just made them the way they always do, and two meals had to be sent back. It obviously wasn't the waiter's fault (he apologized profusely), but he didn't catch it before the dinners came to the table. Unfortunately one of the wrong meals was for my 3 year old, which made dinner all the more difficult for us.The menu is extensive and all of the meals were prepared well, though none were particularly hot. The soup was a favorite of the table and my carnitas dish was good, though not as savory as I would have liked.We'll definitely come back again sometime, if anything to see if things are a little better (and to try new dishes), but for now, it gets three stars.
2	I've heard good things about this place from a few people so after attempting to try frank and fina's Mexican Cocina (which was closes when I gt there) I decided to travel across the street to get my Mexican food fix taken care of. Decor is nice, authentic and the service was mediocre. Waiter was polite but it was one of those feelings like he was smiling his ass off through his teeth, hiding his horrible day and unhappiness. I'm not sure if this is a complaint but.. their menu selection made cheesecake factory's look like in-n-out's. Just.. Wayy too much. Strange that I'm talking about this but I had to tell the waiter about 4 times that I needed "just another minute". I ended up ordering a combination plate of a wet, enchilada style carnitas burrito, corn tamales and chile releteno. My friend ordered a chicken fajita plate. When I took a bite of my burrito, I felt as if they had microwaved something bought out of a supermarket. The temperature was way off, there were many parts of the inside that were barely room temperature. The tamale was bland, and the chile reletno was mediocre. My friends chicken fajita didn't even come out sizzling. He also said it was cold and the chicken was very dry. Would have gave a 2 star if the service was great and the prices were reasonable, but at almost $20 per person after tax and tip I was left extremely dissatisfied.Maybe the other original location can do it right.
3	My family eats here every couple months. Their food is very delicious, authentic Mexican and the service is usually above par.  It only got 3 stars from me because of the price. Mexican food is typically cheap to make and I have a pretty big family, so when we are feeling like good Mexican food, it's hard to cough up $50-$60 to feed all of us! I think they could be more reasonably priced.
1	The worst gringo'd out Mexican joint. The rice & beans were probably their best thing on the menu... usually I would turn back the food I didn't like for something else but gave up after eating a bite from the rest of my friends dishes. Also smelled like rotting fish + bleach? How they manage to pay their rent is what really boggles my mind. Their only saving grace is the quality of customer service. Poor things can't be held liable for this venue's overrated kitchen staff based on the original Lindo Michoacan.
4	It is expensive for the type of food that you get here but still yummy. They actually have a pretty good breakfast. The wait to egg works was crazy long so we hopped across the street and were pleasantly surprised since we only had come for dinner in the past.
3	I've been to Lindo Michoacan West twice now on busy evenings, and there are some positives and negatives to the joint. First the service. Our waiters, bartenders and bussers were all very friendly and very "johnny on the spot" with drinks, Margaritas, chips, etc. Both visits I was with a large group of 6+ and we were all well taken care of. I was very pleased with the service and going off that alone, they would earn an additional star. Next the drinks. Yum, and strong! I have a very specific favorite margarita that they made to perfection each time. Nothing worse than inconsistent custom drinks, but they passed the test. The food. Eh. I'd say that like other Yelpers, I agree that it's just average. The menu is extensive, but nothing in particular jumped out at me. The soup served at dinner was surprisingly good. Chips are fresh and the bean dip is good. Salsa was OK, but kind of average. The only other negative was the mariachi band. While their performance was great, it was loud. Very loud. We could barely hear each other and their set was kind of long so that was definitely a negative. We will be back. This is a group favorite. I just need to find my special menu item that they do well and I like. Maybe next time I'll try the carnitas. That seems to be a Yelper favorite.
2	Decided to try this restaurant this week to celebrate me getting a Job, so me and my hubby drive about 20 min to get there, and the restaurant looks nice people were very helpful.  The bad thing was with the food....My hubby had the Arrachera meat which was hard, dry and stiff he had a hard time even pulling it apart, his corn tortillas were not good, and the beans seemed to be from a can or something...I know my beans...Yes, I'm Mexican and a great cook according to every single person that has ever tasted my food..  As for me, well I had the Carnitas platter with the flour tortillas....The carnitas were stiff, over fried pieces of pork meat, and dry also...So was I dissapointed  "YES"...The good thing was the salsa had OK taste and the Flour Tortillas were GREAT I know they are hand made because I make some a few times a week at home myself.So I gave 1 star for place being nice including the server, and the other for the salsa and tortillas....but ok...After paying 70 dlls for good flour tortillas and salsa ONLY...I figure I could have made my tortillas for about 2.00 at home and a good salsa for another 2.00.HMMM...maybe I should think about opening a REAL AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurant myself. :-)
3	After we were seated they brought out a complimentary cup of soup for my son, which he proceeded to grab and dump in my lap. Luckily it was only luke warm and didn't do much damage other than irritate me and soak my shorts. Despite that unfortunate beginning, we had a good time at Lindo.I've only been to Mexico a few times and can't speak to the authenticity of the place. But, judging from it's location in Spring Valley (btw, thanks Misti for finally establishing the neighborhoods for Vegas Yelp, otherwise I would have thought this place was in Summerlin ; ) and the surrounding neighborhoods I'm guessing they cater to a gringo audience. Since I'm a gringo myself I don't mind.The service was excellent. Our order was taken promptly, food came out quickly, water was refilled frequently, dishes were picked up right after we were done, and the waiter(s) stopped by often to check in on us.The food was pretty good overall. I liked the chips, salsa and bean dip. The guacamole is made tableside to your desired level of spiciness and it was some of the best guac I've had in a long time. The amount was more than enough for the three of us and would have been good for four adults. We got an order of flautas (3 beef and 3 chicken). The beef was a little dry and not too flavorful. The chicken was tender and tasty -- definitely the better of the two. We  also got a beef tamale. It was oversauced and too mushy for my liking. My son had the cheese quesadilla, which he liked.The atmosphere is great for families -- and there were a LOT of families there. One side of the restaurant had a mariachi band and the other side (near the bar) had a guy on keyboards singing. There was even a little "dance" area where kids were getting their groove on. This is definitely one of the better family-friendly restaurants in the area.
4	Met several old colleagues here for lunch today.  It was the first time I've been to this location, so I was kind of excited to give it a try.  The location is conveniently located off the 215 & Flamingo Rd.....so it was easy access for me and them.The traditional Lindo's Chips & Salsa is served here, complimentary.  It has the same fresh, awesome taste as the other locations.  Good start.After browsing the menu for a little while, I settled on the Lunch Special #3 "Tres".....Beef Chimichanga.  I was going to order a Dos XX or a Pacifico, but since my friends were on lunch from work, I didn't want to throw it in their face that I can drink at lunch and they can't....so I abstained and had an Iced Tea.The food came out pretty fast.  The Chimichanga comes with Rice, Beans, and Sour Cream & Guacamole on the side.  It was cooked just right.....the fried Tortilla was crispy, flaky, and not greasy.  The Beef was shredded and full of flavor.  I like to get their signature Salsa and pour it on top of the Chimichanga....because the Salsa packs a lot of heat and has that Smoky Chipotle flavor to it.  I mixed the Beans & Rice together and devoured the plate.The service was excellent and everyone had a good time.  We spent an hour after lunch talking and catching up on stuff.....even though we settled our bill, the server ensured our glasses were full and that everyone was ok.  It's the signature service I've come to know and love about Lindo and his restaurants....glad to see it was the same here.Will I return?  Of course!
4	Lindo Michoacan is another West Vegas secret I will gladly expose for my yelp-ographic experience. Located at Hualapai and Flamingo, it's about a 5 minute drive from where I live and quite awesome. I think of Lindo as the perfect "step-up" from Roberto's Taco Shop, a sit down custom mexican spot. My last visit in October was really great: service was outstanding, no wait, and my food was immpeccable. I usually order the steak cilantro with extra tortillas and guacamole, perfection. Another great secret, revealed ^_^
3	It was OK as Mexican food goes.  But the salsa tasted like it came from a jar.  Prices seemed a notch higher than most similar places like Frank & Fina's.I might try it again though.
3	Oh boy! My boss is taking me and my coworkers out for Mexican food! What could be better?The restaurant was oddly empty considering we arrived at noon and left around 2pm (in fact, there was no one there by the time we left.) The menu had tons of choices and even a special "vegetarian" section, highlighting the few meatless dishes available.I ordered vegetable fajitas. They weren't bad. The vegetable choice was great, but it was lacking flavor. I suppose it was "healthier" that way, but if you're going in that direction, why not offer wheat or whole grain tortillas?The prices were pretty high, but the servings are large enough for 2-3 small meals. The service was outstanding--I think I was offered a drink refill at least five or six times. My boss joked that we were getting great service because he had four women with him. He may have been right. I'm okay with that.Oh, and if you order guacamole, someone will make it right in front of you, to your specifications. That was pretty neat.I probably won't return, but it wasn't bad--just not outstanding.
3	I hit Lindo Michoacan up with a few gal pals because we needed to down some margaritas. Now I knew going in that they have a mariachi band , but sometimes it got so loud by our table that we found ourselves yelling in our conversation. on the plus side they have a huge menu , so many options to fish , chicken, vegetarian and your common Mexican food favorites. For my starter I chose the fideo soup, I love it with fresh lime squeezed in, its like a Mexican noodle soup with a tomato base. I grew a bit irritated for as long as it took for our waitress to get the lime i kept asking for. For dinner i chose the chili relleno with a beef taco combo plate which was very good, too much food with the rice and beans after munching on chips and salsa before dinner. I tried the Sangria which seemed too strong without much flavor, needless to say I have had better. My next drink was a bit better a margarita on the rocks , always a good choice. We decided to push it and have dessert , a caramel torte and also sopapillas which were my favorite sprinkled with honey they are like a square fried donut with cinnamon and sugar. SWEET! Needles to say we must have had a good time because we were one of the last tables to leave on a Friday night.I would have given more stars if our waitress had been a bit more on her game and our drinks were mixed better.
5	some of the best Mexican restaurant ive been to in a long time.The Guacamole is the BEST they make it at you table or bar side so you can eat it how you like it!  I love Ceviche but i haven't food a place that makes it good until i came here to eat. Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly!
2	Service was slow and it wasn't busy. I appreciated the live music but can I get a refund on my bland food? They have music playing so you don't notice the food is horrible.  The shrimp dish I had was rubbery.  Seriously, is this Mexican food? No thanks and never, ever again.
5	This is my favorite restaurant. I love the service and the dishes are always great. The pricing is reasonable and the staff is always standing by!
5	I visited this restaurant's sister location and found the exact same wonderfulness here as I did there. It only seems proper to give it the same wonderful review. I've been in Vegas for a bit over 2 months. While I haven' t made the effort to go to the strip and try the festivities, I have made the effort to order a margarita at the non strip restaurants along the west side of Vegas with no satisfaction. But I came here on a suggestion by a friend and I have to say that I have found my new margarita place. That's not to say that their drinks are their only point of recognition. There food is delicious and a fairly diverse menu. But what really impressed me, outside of the drink, was the service. All of the service staff was attentive and friendly. I wasn't stuck with my server, everyone made an effort to check up on the table. Whenever we needed something, it was addressed right away. I would highly recommend this to any locals or tourists wanting to try something outside of the strip. Come on in, order some food, and have a drink!
3	Pretty good food. A wide variety of mexican dishes. Pretty authentic except for the lima beans in my burrito. Did not go well with carne asada and cheese :P
4	Went here for Easter Sunday.  Had the buffet and was very good.  I was very impressed by how clean and organized everything was kept.  They were constantly replenishing.  I am married to a mexican and grew up eating lots of mexican food and there were still several things I did not recognize.  I will be going back again.
3	A friend recommended this restaurant to me for a quick lunch.  It did not disappoint, although the "over the top" decor and piped-in music brought back memories of being at Epcot in Florida.Great portions, good value and excellent service.  If these are your keys to a great dining experience, then you've found Lindo Michoacan in Summerlin.
2	Disappointing.  I've enjoyed the Henderson location most.  The E. Desert Inn location is also off.  But the W. Flamingo is just "not great".  The taco salad at lunch today was the worst in memory - no flavor - simply thrown together.  Cabbage to fill the lettuce.  Not much tomato.  Not a spec of cilantro or onion.  The chicken was gawd awful.  Service staff was working hard, but without good effect.  From Henderson, I got the impression this group was run by a nice family and had their management chops down.  I'm afraid not.  Alternatives abound.
5	It was my first time in Lindo Michoacan and the service was excellent. Our order was taken promptly and food came out quickly.The waiter stop by often to check in with us.The food taste so good I was surprised that they make fresh guacamole if you wanted some. Overall this place was really good and I would defiantly go back again. :)
4	Yummy!!!!We'll be back sooner than later!
4	Best GUACAMOLE EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. They make it right in front of you! You can add or take away anything you'd like! Their salsa needs a little work, but the guac is worth the trip. On Sundays, they have a buffet that has TONS of food really cheap! My husband says Lindo has the BEST fish tacos ANYWHERE (and we've been to a few places...) If you're lucky enough to hit a night when the "1 man mariachi" is there, he's great!
4	If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place to go. Other places that boast authenticity usually cater a more "tex-mex" palatte. Lindo Michoacan is the real deal. Though it is supposed to be "gourmet" food, the reality is that it straight-forward Mexican food. It is what most Mexicans eat at home, which is why it is a nostalgic place to go if you're Mexican. The food is well seasoned, and it is very similar to what you would get in Mexico. By this, I mean that the chef does not randomly use cumin and cilantro, like other places. I ordered the Milanesa, which was done to perfection, and the rice and beans that came as side dishes were perfect. My husband ordered the Carnitas, and they were also cooked very well, and perfectly seasoned. Before you are served entrees, you are treated with chips to dip in salsa and refried beans. The chips were sub-par (I would have expected freshly fried "totopos"), but the salsa was excellent and not ketchup-y at all. The refried beans were also delicious, and had no hint of the often confusing cumin! We shared a Queso Fundido as an appetizer. It was very good, except for the tortillas. I would have expected home-made flour tortillas, but instead we got huge, burrito-style flour tortillas that almost put me off the entire meal. But, since the food was so good, I was willing to overlook this major detail. Further, you also get a cup of Fideo Soup, which is a Mexican noodle soup. It is a very simple dish, but so many get it wrong. This one was executed perfectly. Overall, the food is excellent and authentically Mexican. The decor is tacky, but so are most places in this town!
4	My wife and I went here because we've heard good things about the location on Desert Inn Rd., and this location is closer to us. The food was a pleasant surprise, and although dinner was a bit pricy, the portions were large enough for us to have next-day leftovers. My cochinita revolcada (carnitas sauteed in multiple salsas) was delicious, and the pork was cooked perfectly - juicy and tender enough to cut with a fork. I'm not a fan of refried beans, but the beans served with the tortilla chips and salsa was good enough for us to ask for a second bowl. The good food coupled with the excellent service will definitely bring us back again.
4	yummy mexican food, never disappoints!
4	Service and food were above and beyond what I expected. This is now my favorite Lindo Michoacan location. The guacamole here is great. They have a certain way of doing it but you can feel free to make a suggestion about certain ingredients to cater to your liking. i let them do their thing and it never disappoints.The food was great, we had a Chile Relleno/ Tamale combo. The Chile Relleno was really good. The pepper was cooked just right, nice and tender but not mushy. The stuffing in the Chile was delicious. The Tamale was great a beef tamale and I could just sit there and eat that all night.We also ordered a Gallo al Mojo de Ajo. It was a chicken breast cooked in a garlic wine sauce. I cut up that chicken, tossed it in a flour tortilla with the rice, beans, and guacamole and I was happy. Also ordered a Tamale with that, I think that is going to be a permanent a la carte order from now on.Up next was the Banderillas de Torro. Grilled Beef skewers with onion and green, red, and yellow peppers. A little tough on the meat but tons of flavor. Good stuff.Service is half of the experience for me. I can go somewhere with excellent food but if the service is lacking it's ruined or I can go somewhere where the food is OK but as long as the service is great, I will have a good experience. This place is a no brainer if you're in the mood for good Mexican food and excellent service.
2	I had been craving mexican for days and was pretty excited to come here when i heard how good it was.  i started with a peach strawberry margarita.  yum!  then had some chips, they werent that great but i was hungry so i still ate them.  the salsa wasnt anything special either.  it was all spice.  no flavor, or substance.  i ordered chicken fajitas.  when my plate came out it was about 80% peppers.  there were maybe 4 pieces of onion, and barely any chicken.  i made myself one fajita and then didnt want anymore.  the tortillas werent good either.  maybe new york has me spoiled when it comes to mexican food, but this place was not even close to what i expected.
5	Great service, authentic Mexican atmosphere with huge variety of Mexican beers and margaritas including organic!  Prices are very reasonable, if you do not want rice and beans order ala carte and the prices are as low as $3.00 per item.  In fact chips, salsa and beans are free as appetizer.  This place is a great value!  My favorite items is a NY Strip with cheese enchilada and chili pepper strips.  Wayne Gorsek
1	Heard great things from the concierge at the hotel I'm staying at.  Extremely disappointed...  The "hot sauce" taste like a can of tomato sauce with a packet of McCormick taco spice thrown in it.  The food is so bland it reminded me the "Mexican food" I get when I visit my 96 year old grandmother at the waiting to die home.   There are so many better places in Vegas, believe me!
4	Prices a bit high, but food is great and the service is always outstanding.  Their shredded beef is very tasty.
3	Not great, certainly not bad.I've heard their fresh guacamole is excellent but it's pricey. (I haven't tried it yet).Their lunch specials are great. I love their green chille pork burrito, their salsa and chips are really good, Their burrito was just ok. Their soup is SO yummmy Service is VERY nice and REALLY fast They are a little pricey though on their regular menu.
3	I love the carne asada and guacamole. The flour tortillas taste homemade. The dinner portion is big enough to share. The servers are friendly and attentive. But, the ice tea comes from the soda fountain and the chips taste like they come from a stale bag. The guacamole side was $5.95 for a small cup size bowl. The carne asada plate is $17.95. I think both are very expensive.
5	I have been here several times in the past and everything has always been great, great food, service, staff, and decor. The delicious sticks of goodness (churos) are also very delicious! I've been here for lunches, dinners, and just for a quick snack before (delicious sticks of goodness & quacamole). Today was the first time that I came for take out, this experience is also what prompted me to write a review. It was quarter til 10am this morning when I decided to call and see how much menudo was. I was given a price. Then, I had asked if the serving was enough for 2 people and I was told the ounces it contained, but I can't recall now. I asked if they were open & he said no but he could get the order in and it'll be ready in about 20 minutes. I figured that works by the time it's done it'll be during their open hours. When I arrived the food was packed up and ready to be picked up. Then I realized there were no cars in the parking lot and the restaurant was empty. That's when I asked if they were open & they actually didn't open until 11. I was picking up the food before it was even 10:30. I couldn't believe they went ahead and placed and made the order prior to opening. The portion of menudo was also very generous as it definitely fed the two of us & had left overs. I have to say, ordering soup to go has always been a messy experience for me, at any restaurant. But here, they not only packaged the soup in the soup cups but they also put plastic wrap all around to assure no mess. The portions of oregano, peppers, cilantro, and onion was also great. I hate to run out, but that was not a problem. I asked for extra limes, and I definitely got extra lime! It also came with chips & salsa & about 6 or so tortillas as well. I was very pleased. The fact that I was able to pick up food before opening was great. The food was delicious and portions were generous. They didn't skimp on the toppings. Definitely 5 stars!
4	I was taken here by my Mexican friend, who claims this is one of two authentic Mexican restaurants in all of Vegas.  It's got a great ambiance, a live musician playing the keyboard to Mexico's greatest hits (judging by my pal's enthusiasm for the songs), and delicious food.  At one point, some people even got up to dance the bachata - winner, winner, chicken dinner.Pros:Delicious food"Mexican approved" (and I mean "Mexican from Mexico City," not, "this one friend I have who is kind of tan and I think his last name is Garcia or something.")Well-decoratedGood ambiance - great for groups or a romantic date - a rare combo!Friendly and prompt serviceThe dude playing the keyboard had a good voice.  (If you have to listen to live music, it had better be pleasant, that's all I'm saying!)Cons:A little spend-y for a Mexican restaurant - I usually think of Mexican as cheap eats.A little loud for first-date or similar chit-chat.No "mild" salsa option at the table - I'd say it was medium, which is cool for me, but might not be everyone's bag.  Or bowl.  Or container of your choice.*A side note: The service was great, but they did forget to bring my side of guacamole, I forgot to mention the oversight, and when the bill came I forgot to check and see if I was charged for it - double fail on me!Overall, this place is a win, and I will totally go again.
5	The food is DELICIOUS & the service is AMAZING!This place is soo good that we came here twice while visiting Las Vegas.
3	I've been here on a few occasions. The interior of the restaurant is really dim, especially in the day time. You might need the light from your cell phone to light up the menu if you don't happen to have bat vision. Service is great. The moment we walked in the door, the hostess greeted us warmly and seated us at a table of our choosing. A moment later we were seated our waiter and busboy both came by to take our drink order and bring us chips, respectively. Our drinks never went empty and our server was always ready to fulfill all our requests. It's definitely not my favorite Mexican food in town, the spice level is definitely toned down and I wish the flavors were just a little more dynamic. I have ordered quite a few things off the menu and have never really been blown away flavor wise, but it's definitely solid. On this occasion, I ordered a shredded chicken burrito, which was huge for the price. It definitely needed more flavor, but it was still a pretty good meal. I'd be back, if I'm in the area again... I'll just make sure to ask for extra chile or spicier salsa on the side.
4	The menu is vast! Allow yourself 20 minutes to read through the 6+ pages of options.  The Summerlin location of this Las Vegas favorite is pricier than the rest.  All of the entrees are approx. $2-3 more than sister properties.  That said, the portions are more than fair.  Your dinner is likely to provide leftovers for an additional meal.  All the meals come with a tasty little cup of tomato fideo soup.  I would go just for this hot deelish little soup cup.  A house margarita is $10 - that's a bit steep for off strip.On our most recent visit, we started with fresh guacamole.  It is fresh; and mixed up right at your table.  I dined on the coca cola carnitas.  The tender chunks of pork are coated in a rich, dark, flavorful sauce.  They will curb your craving for delicious pork!My husband was quite pleased with his fish tacos, and my sister in law was ga-ga for her steak tampiquena and cheese enchilada.  Smiles all around.  Dinner was $110 for 4 with 1 marg, 1 beer, 1 tea, 1 guac, and 4 entrees.  Like I mentioned, a bit high on price but high on portion and flavor as well!
5	I think this has the best Mexican food in Las Vegas.  I've been here many many times.  I like the food because it represents authentic mexican food.  The servers are always very friendly and attentive and the food has never disappointed.  And the margaritas...yummm! Don't forget to try to pina colada.  I want to tell you my favorite dish here, however I can't choose just one.  The tableside guacamole is amazing, and cool to watch them make it fresh.  The shrimp ceviche is great.  Fajitas, fish tacos, flautas, carne asada, burritos...yep its all good.  And what I really dig is that they don't throw black olives, iceberg lettuce, shredded cheese and sour cream on top of everything like many other "Mexican" restaurants.Another cool thing is the live music.  I think its on weekend nights there is a guy singing traditional spanish songs.  Love Love Love Lindo Michoacan.
4	Their Chips and Beans are going to be the death of me! It's like you can't stop eating them and as soon as you are finished they bring more. It's so bad that we can't shop in the mall across the street because we know where we will end up! It doesn't hurt that the service is fantastic, the traditional Mexican menu is filled with fantastic items like the fido soup... But those chips and beans get in your head and start calling to you...
1	We had dinner here, party of eight. The couple had been here before, claiming everything is great! It wasn't, the service was terrible, had to wait for our orders to taken, had to wait along time for our orders to be delivered, had to hunt  for refills and then waited a long time for the check.Food,$$, the avocado dip was very bad, very strong taste of onions, the avocados were very bland. I ordered the beef taco combo plate, it was very plane, not the taste you paid for.My wife had beef on skewer, the taste was fine, until she found a very small chrome ring, about 1/8in. in size mixed into the meat, they didn't charge for her meal.The couple that had been here before, had to add bowls of chilli sauce to make it taste good.Food at a fast food stand tasted a whole lot better, and at a fraction of the cost.
4	Good food and decent service!! Not as good as Dona Marias or Phab Phranks for Mexican food but really good!!
3	I just love mariachis! The food could've been horrible, the service could've sucked, and I still would have had a great dinner. But it didn't. As always, we had a fantastic dinner with guac made tableside, wonderful fideo soup, tasty salsa, and unlimited bean dip! I do feel the menu is a bit pricy and excellent Mexican food can be found elsewhere for half the price, but being serenaded with Cielito Lindo while sipping on a margarita makes for one unforgettable night! Lindo has somewhat of a cult following and my cult friends get angry when I say that Lindo ain't all that - but I honestly don't believe it's the best Mexican restaurant in town. Their lunch menu is a better value, so if you've heard the hype about how awesome this place is, you can get a decent lunch, drink included for around $10.
5	I really like this place. Service was amazing! Everyone did their job really well. Their bussers & servers were all hard-working. Our busser always made sure to refill our drinks. I felt well taken cared of. As for food, I ordered the Kikiriki Erika. This dish was amazing!!! For dessert we tried the fried ice cream. The sauce they used made my mouth happy and the actual ice cream tasted better than vanilla. I cannot think of anything negative to say about this place. We liked this place so much that we left them w/ a really really good tip. :)
3	This used to be a favorite, but portions, quality, and service have been declining. :( The entertainment is wonderful, but you pay for that in menu prices these days. Tonight, we had watered down margaritas, fajitas without onion, a chicken taco with  basically just a  fried tortilla, and service that required us to pay through the hostess. I know our server was spread thin, but there is no excuse for the decline in food and price! One last try, Lindo! I want  to want you! (;
4	Great food, friendly service and a happy festive atmosphere.  Slightly higher priced, but the lunch specials are a good value.  I love the Chicken Taco Salad and the Pollo Rebecca, a chicken breast dish with cactus - an unusual but tasty choice.  Very excellent customer service and mariachis on Friday and Saturday nights, which we were surprised and my Mom thoroughly enjoyed.
3	Went here last Sunday morning, I've been to the other michoacan on sunset and always liked it. Didn't realize there was a location so close to me until seeing it on yelp. My gf had a craving for chilaquiles so we decided to give try this location out.         We went her brother, his gf, and their uncle. The girls got the chilaquiles, the brother and I had the menudo, uncle had some shrimp dish. We also had a couple bloody Mary's and some horchata. The menudo was good, it had a nice clean flavor and wasn't gamey at all. Chilaquiles were ok and shrimp was just ok too. Everything seemed to be a little bland and we need to use a lot of condiments to add some spice. The bloody Mary's had great flavor but I would prefer them a bit stronger since they were $10 each.       Overall it was ok but I enjoyed the other location we tried a little more. The service was decent except it took them like 15 mins to run our cards after we got the bill. Value is not that great, our bill was a little over $100 for some basic Mexican fare. Probably won't be back anytime soon, would rather drive a bit for better cheaper Mexican.
4	We still enjoy coming to Lindo Michoacan with friends to have a quality Mexican meal. Great chips, beans and salsa. Very tasty margaritas, and whatever meal I have, the food is consistently good. The music can be a little too loud for me, but just sit in the dining room OR on the patio and you can avoid getting your ear blasted and having to yell at your table mates just to have a conversation. :)
2	Just returned from dinner at this restaurant.   The restaurant is beautiful, we were seated promptly, the vocalist was great and our bus boy was terrific!   However this is a restaurant and we expected a good meal experience.   Our waiter was not pleasant and didn't even speak to us other than to ask if we were ready to order.  I ordered cheese enchiladas and was served beef enchiladas so I had to send it back.  The cheese enchilada they brought back to me had so much cheese you could not find the tortilla.   The food was not good and flavor was boring.   I was extremely disappointed especially since this restaurant had received best of Las Vegas 2012.   My guest felt the same way about his dinner.   If you want a nice bar and  want to listen to good music, then I recommend this place.  If you want good Mexican Food, I recommend going somewhere else.
4	What a relief to have found this place ion a late night shortly after arriving Sin City! The guacamole (that they actually make AT your table! :) is a MUST! The food was great & so was the service. My only complaint is the volume of the music-- please take it down a notch!
4	We've been here before and had a great experience, so when friends were in from out of town, we decided to take them here.The staff is always friendly and helpful, especially if you have questions about the menu or would like the staff's opinion on a food or drink. The atmosphere is cute, lots of Mexican decor. The prices are good for the quantity and quality of food. Free chips with salsa and bean dip is always a plus. The salsa isn't the best so I stick with the beans.On this time around we decided to share the Carne Fajitas de Res, love the hand made tortillas. The steak was a bit sparse, I was wishing we didn't share, just not enough for the 2 of us. But it was good. On other occasions we have got the Camarones Abuelito Timo, a delicious and flavorful...Shrimp stuffed with cheese and peppers, wrapped in bacon with a spicy mayo dipping sauce. I think they created this just for me. My husband loves to get the Enchiladas de Mole con Carne, perfectly cooked New York steak with cheese enchiladas all smothered in mole sauce.  All of there mixed drinks are well made. My friends ate every bite of their meals as well and said they loved it.As we sat there we said " we need to come here more often".  Sounds like a good idea!
4	We have been there at least 5 times now and I'm a huge fan!!! LOVE the table-side Guacamole, bean dip, chips, and salsa's to start.  We have tried the carne asada taquitos, the enchiladas, the Carne Asada, the beef taco's and chicken chimichanga.  They were all tasty!The beans and rice are standard.  Love their fideo soup.  Service has always been very good. Prices comparable to the other Mexican restaurants in town.
5	Food is delicious and servings are huge. The chips and soup to start with are delicious and margaritas are very tasty
5	Service as impeccable; they were always serving so I didn't have to ask for anything. They were super clean and provided entertainment in the form of a Mariachi Band. The chips and dip was tasty and they gave us more and the food was huge and flavorful. Yummy great place!
4	food is always very good. ate here at least 20 times. service can be fair to terrible, especially if you sit at the bar. I think they need a bartender who makes drink solely for the tables.toreados are bomb
2	Friendly folks, nice booth for the 3 of us. Howevr we all agreed that while our meals were properly prepaired, the chef forgot to season anything. Dips were even dull, and I'd thought that was an impossibility.
4	Once again we had a great meal, great service and only a 10 minute wait on a Saturday night for a party of 6 without reservations. We ordered the Guacamole as an appetizer, along with the standard chips, salsa and beans served and it was perfection! The Cadillac Margarita was a little strong for me, but that is my typical response with any Tequila based drink, everyone else loved theirs and we all had a second round. Our server, I wish I could remember her name, was outstanding. She took considerable care to ensure our 'special' order was made as requested and was acceptable. She was courteous without being intrusive and we look forward to seeing her again. The beef burrito, enchilada style will put you in a comfy food coma, and every bite is worth it.
2	Tried various locations of Lindo around town, just not impressed. Just standard fare, with inflated prices.
5	Delicious food and great service!!!!!  Would definitely recommend!!
3	This place is pretty A-ok. The food is fab and waiters are on top of refills like whoa! I wanted to order shrimp, (which a friend ordered and she loved it) and will def order it next time, but I tried the chile relleno and tamal combination. Everything arrived hot and delicious. My only qualm was that our party of eight was put into a bench/booth combination table that has a pillar in the middle...which made for awkward seating and when the rest of our party arrived we requested to move. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, why put a large group in an awkward table??
3	Decent C+
5	This place is great! The food is really good and the staff is very nice. Guacamole is yummy!
4	Authentic, innovative and delicious, Lindo delivers Mexican with flare! No need to ask for more chips/salsa/bean dip because they bring more before you are even done with what you have. Have been there at least 10 times and what brings me back is the nuance of spices in every dish. My favorite is the Gallo el Chipolte Estilo, a smoky, spicy, moist and tender chicken entree. Another in our party got the Gallo al conaq (lemon and garlic), something I would have never ordered.as it sounded too simple.. but one bite changed that! Love the Fideo soup they serve with every meal. Typical Mexican decor, cheerful and comfortable and a staff that aims to please. Good bang for the buck... $25 per person can get a great meal and mojito!
4	My husband and I LOVE Lindo.  Service at the bar by Liz is phenomenal.  She always remembers what we drink, which makes Lindo feel like our second home.  The food is spot-on every time.  I usually order one of the fish dishes, which my friends all tell me is strange at a Mexican restaurant.  However, it is cooked to perfection without fail.  We frequent Lindo a minimum of once and month and have never been disappointed.Listen up Lindo:  Four stars instead of five only because you took away the live mariachi band, apparently due to the oldster customers complaining about the noise.  I truly hope you bring it back very soon, especially since I can about guarantee the "youngster" crowd is spending lots more money than the old-timers.
5	LOVE this place. The service is excellent. The staff are all extremely friendly. The bean dip and salsa are delicious. Some of the best chicken tacos I've had. We haven't found anything we don't like yet.
5	As good as it gets when it comes to the freshest, tastiest Mexican food in town.  Everything is lovingly prepared and oh so delicious.  Add the best servers in town, and this is the place for you.  Don't forget to try their famous margaritas too!
5	Great service and food!Love the staff and the place.
4	The service is always very fast for refills and everything else. Great choice
3	I had been to the Lindo Michoacan near the strip, so my family and I wanted to try this one.  The Lindo Michoacan near the strip set the standard that I assumed all Lindo Michoacans follow.  However, this location did not meet my expectation.  We sat down and had our drink orders taken.  After the waiter brought us our drinks, we didn't see him for 15 minutes.  In that time we had finished our drinks and couldn't get a refill on the drinks or the chips and salsa.  I assume he was busy elsewhere because the wait staff appeared to be understaffed, as a man in a button up shirt and khaki trousers who appeared to be the manager was bringing dishes out to people's tables.  The man in the button up eventually motioned our waiter to our table and our waiter took our order.  The food came a little while later.  The food was fantastic, as it is at both locations I have been to.
2	One star goes to the amazing bean dip that how can you possibly mess up? And the second star goes to the awesome quesso fundido. Moving on to the negatives....The prices are ridiculously high considering how far from authentic this is to Mexican. The chilaquiles were terrible. The staff didn't seem to be completely "there". I've never been a huge fan of the Lindo chains....feel like they should try a lot harder to be more authentic with their food. They never fail to disappoint me.
4	Love this place! Fast service and great food. The guacamole table side is so yummy. The menu is huge and there is something for everyone.
4	I really like this restaurant.  The food is always good.  The salsa is nice and spicy and the service is fast and attentive.  It's a great place to take my entire family.I usually order the chicken fajitas, which are amazing.  I also love that they serve a complimentary bowl of soup with the standard chips and salsa.  Nice touch! The kids love it.
3	We came here on Superbowl Sunday which happened to be nice and quite. I was extremely grateful for that! We started off with the fresh Guacamole dip ($8.25). It is my favorite way to start a Mexican meal! I like the fresh pieces of jalapeno, tomato, onion and a squeeze of lime. I love when  my guacamole has a thick and chunky consistency. This was delicious! My main dish was the Camarones Abuelito Timo. It was plump Gulf shrimp stuffed with cheese, peppers and wrapped in bacon and deep fried. It was good but not great because it was little bit too salty for me. I had to peel off some of the bacon to make it a little less salty. I saw that they had a Tres Leche Cake on their dessert menu but they ran out! We settled on a cheesecake that tasted similar to the Tres Leche but it wasn't my favorite. I'm not a big fan of cheesecake but it still tasted decent.
4	Great service food is amazing.
4	Huge menu. Lots of unique items not found in most Vegas traditional mexican restaurants. Large selection of seafood dishes and great selection of tequila.
4	The staff at this location was very friendly, bussers, waitstaff and runners all asked about our meal and refilled our water. It almost became over-kill but I'd rather have a full glass of water than be thirsty!Food is normal Lindo quality and consistency for a very fair price. While I might not crave their food as much as other places, I always know ill get a solid meal no matter what I order!
4	"Stop Staring at Me!"I'm always the best looking person here.Or the most disgusting.I mean come on, THEY always stare at me.The patrons, the servers, the hostesses, the barmaids. Even the busgirl drops dishes when I enter.Maybe it's my gorgeous blond hair. My svelte physique. My deep blue eyes people write poems about.Perhaps it's the booger dangling from my nose, the toilet tissue perpetually affixed to my heel, the undone zipper at sub-waist level. Whatever the case, I LIKE this place.Loads of entrees that come with chips, soup, tortillas, and, of course, pretty smiles from barmaids. There's a one-man band who shows near weekend time at 6, outdoor seating, video poker.Yeah, baby.I'm a simple guy so I love the bacon-wrapped shrimp, cognac chicken and carnitas.I usually get a few salted rim Margaritas on the rocks and look at sports on one of the screens, desperate to fend off wanton stares of strangers. I was there today and a lady couldn't take her eyes off me.She even started coughing uncontrollably before falling off her stool.Come on....If that's not fatal attraction, I don't know what is.So come to Lindo Michoacan.You might see me.And you can leer, cough, fall, and enjoy fine food with booze and sports ALL AT THE SAME TIME!!!!!Your life rocks.
3	Food was OK, service was spotty.  We had good service early on getting attention from our waiter, the runner and others.  Once we got our food the waiter disappeared.I got a combo with a Chicken Taco, Beef Enchilada and a Verde pork burrito.  The Verde was by far the star, I would order that again.  The taco and enchilada were bland and not worth ordering again.  The commentaries were a mixed bag.  You get soup, bean dip, salsa and chips.  Chips were good, salsa was on the spicy side which worked for me but was too spicy for the rest of my group, bean dip was bland and boring, the soup too was bland but I added a spoon full of salsa and it became worth eating.
4	Coming from the Bay Area, where the SF Mission has some of the best Mexican food around and then living for 5 years in Socal, I thought the Vegas Mexican food experience would be very underwhelming. Lindo Michoacan has definitely changed my mind! The restaurant itself is more sprawling than other restaurants and there's a lot of different types of seating (booths, patio area, long tables, etc.). Our servers/runners were on top of it and we were never left wanting chips, salsa, bean dip, water, etc. The chicken in my enchiladas was soft and flavorful and my fiance really enjoyed the fajitas he ordered. I preferred this place over Bonita Michoacan (they might be the same owners),  where I had a Groupon, but that location was farther from us and the parking wasn't ideal. I guess the fairer comparison is against Frank and Fina's Cocina, which is right around the corner. I would say I didn't enjoy the atmosphere as much at F&F and the staff there definitely catered to the regulars a bit more, so we had to wait awhile to get worker's attention on a lot of things.All in all, until I find a better restaurant, Lindo Michoacan will be the go-to Mexican spot.
4	I found my new favorite dish here...the Camarones Sarandeados Estilo "Tia Esther" (18.25$). I had it last night and I can't stop thinking about it. The shrimp were sweet, perfectly cooked in a red sauce with a hint of heat. I also had one of their Javier's Organic Margaritas (10$) on the rocks, I'm usually not a big fan of margaritas but this was delicious. I like their fideo soup, but I add a bit of salsa to it and crush up a few chips, you won't be sorry if you follow my lead. Service was great. It was a bit loud, they had a keyboard playing in the dining room that made it hard to talk, that was my only complaint. It was our friends birthday so the staff surprised him with a song, some churro a, and a shot. Very cool!
2	Grade of C at best. Was looking for a neighborhood Mexican restaurant, and decided to try. Barely slid in to the booth and the waiter was standing there asking for a drink order-didn't have a moment to look so way to quick on the approach. Was back quickly again with a "ready to order"-no smile, no personality, no interest. Feeling rushed, made a quick dinner and drink selection. The cocktail and tableside guac were flavorful, but that is where the flavor stopped. The blandest and most visually unappealing beans( a soupy flavorless paste) and bland rice accompanied my cognac chicken and mushrooms-generous portion but devoid of any interest. Prices are moderate, but dont waste your precious date nite or money dining here. I won't.
3	My friend kept saying how this was one of her favorite places so I thought we should check it out to see if the hype was true. Service was fast. It was nice to see that bean dip accompanied the chips & salsa. I ordered a typical carne asada burrito while she ordered her favorite, shrimp tacos. There was nothing about the burrito that stood out. It wasn't the best, it wasn't the worst. I tried the shrimp tacos, they too were ok in my eyes. She however LOVES them. Sitting outside did help as spring nights in Vegas are always nice. To me it didn't live up to the hype that was provided to me about this place. See for yourself
5	I've eaten at many Mexican Restaurants in Las Vegas, and the world for that matter!  Lindo Michoacan is on of the best in Las Vegas.  (Olamendi's in SoCal is the best in the world, just sayin...)  If you enjoy spicy, hot salsa, ask for their "Habanero Salso" when they bring the chips.  It's good AND hot!  Great fajitas, crunchy tacos, and GREAT MOLE!  Can't say anything bad (except the music is a bit loud in the main room.)  Enjoy!
2	Not sure which was worse, the service or the food. This is three times we've been to this location and it's gotten progressively worse. On this trip, it took 20 minutes to order, but only after flagging down a server. The appetizer took 45 minutes to arrive and it was another 30 minutes before entrees hit the table. The entrees (tacos, an enchilada and a chimichanga) were lukewarm. Lindo's prices are roughly 20-percent higher than the other non-strip Mexican eateries around Vegas and this is the overall quality you get?On a side note, I ordered a Michelada. That was also substandard and bland.
3	Fast service... Average food.
4	The bf and I frequent this place when we're craving good Mexican food. The place is pretty big and great for bigger groups. Service is always on point and friendly. Their fresh tableside guacamole is amazing and probably the best I've had in Vegas. I rate a Mexican restaurant by how well they make their guacamole and carne asada. Since this place gets both items very right all the time, it's easily one of my favorites.If you come here, you have to know what to order. Don't go to a Mexican restaurant and order a simple burrito or quesadilla. There's really not much you can do with those items. They're going to taste the same almost everywhere. You might as well just stick with Del Taco or Taco Bell. See what everyone else is raving about on here and try those items instead. * One interesting memory there was when I went for a birthday party and the server along with a legit mariachi band came to our table to give the birthday boy a shot of tequila. After their little song and dance, they tilted his head back and poured the tequila down his throat! Hilarious!
5	Service? Amazing, like, truly. Food? AMAZING.. Everything.. AMAZING!... thats all :)
2	This place is an all around OK all american mexican restaurant. I would not consider this traditional cuisine from Mexico at all. Everything we ordered was very bland and not seasoned AT ALL. I had the steak chimichanga, and had to salt the whole thing, including the refried beans, which had zero flavor. We had the queso fundido with chorizo as an appetizer, and it was hands down the best dish of the night, but very small in portion. The place is very overpriced for the food that you get. Both of us agreed at the end of the meal that we would've been better off at Roberto's or even Chipotle.
2	Ok so I admit I had a take out order and those suck sometimes but damn son this shit tasted like cat piss and donkey vomit. I mean how hard is it to make chips and salsa? And those re fried beans sucked more dick then a cheap hooker.But for real though they had some fine looking honeys in there when I went to grab my food so i'll prolly go back. Don't tell my main squeeze that though cuz she'll get all jealous and shit.
3	Boasting some of the best margaritas in town, Lindo Michoacan caters to the locals of Las Vegas and Summerlin. Spacious seating and attentive servers allows this friendly Catina to accommodate both large and small groups well. There is daily live music although it is not the authentic  sound I would expect at a Mexican restaurant. This place is good, and I would  go back, but it will not know your socks off. You will leave satisfied but not blown away.
4	Great service! I appreciate the attention given to us by the staff. It was a little dark in there (ambiance), but the waiter and manager gave us flashlights so we can read the menu. Everything came out quickly - chips and dip and water came out within a couple minutes of our being seated. Started off wih the Rigo Margarita. I'm a lightweight when it comes to drinking, so that got me tipsy in a few minutes. The menu had a good selection of dishes - not your typical Mexican restaurant menu.  I settled on the Torta de Pierna (Roast Pork Mexican Sandwich), served with a heaping helping of french fries -  the first time I've seen french fries in a Mexican restaurant! I ate everything on the plate. Lol, the busboy even commented that I almost ate the plate! Good sandwich. Veruka ordered the Beef Chimichanga. She only ate half then said she was full - geez, I can't take this chick anywhere! ;-)  At some point in time,  I want to come back to try the other dishes on the menu.
3	Large authentic Mexican food. However the food was just ok in my opinion. And the service is slow.
3	The service is always good. The food is ok. For Wexican food i guess its ok for what it is. The prices are ok but should be lower due to the quality of the food. Its fast so it must not be fresh and made to order...I only come here when a friend wants to go but def not my choice.I prefer Juan's Flaming Fajitas over this place...
3	I wish I could give them 3 1/2 stars, but I'm a tough critic. First, the positives - the service we had was excellent. Quick, friendly and attentive. As other reviewers have said, the soup is delicious! It was probably my favorite part of the meal. The portions are pretty large, the chips/salsa was good and fresh.Now the negatives - the flavor of the food is just okay. Compared to Cantina Laredo or the now closed Agave, it's a 5 out of 10. The chicken in my enchilada was a little dry. There was too much cheese in the chile relleno. I like cheese, but it overpowered the dish. The beef taco was a bit bland.All in all, I was satisfied after dinner, but it didn't leave me counting the days until I go back.
4	Very good mexican food considering its vegas, its close to my favs in Denver but missing some things lol Coloradoans know what im talking about
5	Extremely good Mexican food! Ordered michelada and shrimp cocktail. Super bomb! Helps recover from hangovers and super good! I always come here now just for that! Must try!
4	My mom and I love their fried whole mojarra with salad and beans.  We order it everytime we come here.  My dad loves their beef fajita and other beef dishes.  He said the beef are flavorful and very tender.  My husband always order their enchiladas and tacos.  He said they were very tasty. Service is excellent.  My parents live in Las Vegas and they come here once a week.  The hostess and servers know them already.  My dad tells me they have really great margaritas (cadillac I think).  I have to take his word for it as I do not drink but since he is very picky with his margarita, i'm sure it's excellent.
4	For what you pay it's a good deal. Food is fresh and flavorful. My girlfriend and I had dinner, dessert, and coffee for $30 each including tax and tip. Table side guacamole is great and delicious !
4	Good authentic salty Mexican food.  I've tried multiple items on the menu and they don't disappoint.  Gotta get a Cadillac margarita while Ur at it...
3	A nice change from the usual Mexican joints I'm used to in Atlanta, but nothing great by itself. A small description of the Mexican named dishes would be a nice touch for those not in the know. The salsa is a nice, but unique change from the usual pureed tomatoes served on the east coast, and with refried beans to boot. The chips are different also, with thicker chips help to mound up salsas, beans, and the queso fundito.The fish tacos are decent, but nothing to write home about being overly dry, but not totally without flavor. I am used to an aioli or some sort of jalapeno mayo to help moisten the fish, so I just used the salsa instead. Maybe it's just how this place does tacos pescado??? All-in-all I think I would give this place another chance with another set of dishes, so there might be another update in the near future.
4	My go to Mexican restaurant -- fabulous very attentive service . Spacious restaurant with a patio to sit outside on a gorgeous vegas day ! Try a banana/ raspberry swirl margarita. We love the chicken fajitas and the Zamora combo ( green chili pork guacamole burrito .. Yum) !!
2	Usually a big fan, I guess the menu is different with locations. I went in with the intentions of having tortilla soup, and instead I got the caldo de pollo because they didn't have tortilla soup. All I ate was the vegetables because the chicken tasted weird, overall I wasn't happy with my dinner.
5	Ribeye al conacac... The best ...!!
3	Great service but food tonight was subpar. Fajitas usually come out sizzling but came out cold tonight. The soup was bland and chips were a little stale. You let me down tonight Lindo.
4	The chips and bean dip were delicious! Almost at the very same moment we finished a basket, our waiter would pop out and give us a new one. He must have been hiding behind a planter and watching us or something. It was great, albeit a little creepy. As for the actual meal, I was so full of flour and refried beans that I only took a few bites and boxed the rest up.
3	Well where do I start? Service started out great. Even when the food was taking a bit long our waiter Noe came over and apologized and was very attentive. The food was ok. The pre-meal chips, beans and salsa had me excited about the meal. The margarita wasn't as strong as it should have been given it's large size but it was good. Our meal WAS going great until the large party arrived. This wasn't your average large party. No they brought little children approximately 8. Like between the ages of 2 and 6. Now I like children and can have patience when needed, within a certain limit. But when a child begins screaming, running and the parent is not even trying to control said child? But now remember I said children. At first it was just a little annoying, "what's the sound interrupting my thoughts" kind of annoying. But once you are aware of one screaming child it seems to amplify as the seconds go by. Interestingly enough we realized that the parties around us were starting to become annoyed. Then the wait staff, all fidgety and and looking annoyed yet too uncomfortable to say anything, avoiding eye contact with us as if hoping by ignoring the noise it would just stop. I began to channel my friend Brianna with the occasional "stop it!" getting a good laugh out of my fam but it wasn't enough to make us forget about the banshee noises coming from the other room. Needless to say I could take it no longer and asked our waiter to ask the manager to please say something. As I suspected they were too afraid to say anything. I can understand not wanting to upset a large group especially when most plates are over $10 as I have been a server and work in the service industry. However when you have children running from room to room and adults chasing them like they are wild chickens, you might want to attempt to control the situation. However the manager and Noe did come over to apologize and offer us free dessert. We couldn't be mad at him, after all you can't really control other people and their children. It wasn't his fault that they had no home training. He even bussed our table and hand delivered the dessert. Back to the food, I had the Cimichanga de Camarones (shrimp) and a cheese enchilada. The enchilada had more flavor than my chimichanga but deep fried tortilla...My aunt had two tacos, one chicken and one beef. She said that they were missing "the grease" lol. She even put the spicy salsa on them to add extra flavor. My mom and sis had no complaints they had fajitas and a chicken dish.Free dessert or not a spoon should always be offered with ice cream. Especially when it's yummy chocolate cake and vanilla! All in all we could have a great experience and should have been able to enjoy good food, drinks and conversation but unfortunately the evening was sullied by wild children and oblivious parents. We can't fault the manager on duty because the owners probably don't train proper etiquette on how to control potential bad situations. Would we return? Maybe but not anytime soon. There's too many options in this city and to be honest we've had better Mexican food. I'm looking forward to my leftovers (in front of the couch with no screaming children) though!
5	This is one of my absolute favorite places to come eat.I always get a frozen strawberry margarita & my boyfriend a coronarita.  So bomb.When we're really hungry we start off with their "QUESADILLA DE HARINA" - flour tortilla with Monterrey jack cheese, sour cream, and guacamole ($7.25).I get the "FLAUTAS" dinner - 6 fried rolled corn tortillas with beef, sour cream, and guacamole.  It also comes with rice and beans ($12.95).  My boyfriend gets different things each time, but we have yet to order something that we did not like.You get complimentary chips and salsa.  Their salsas are so good.We came here a few months ago on my boyfriend's birthday.  Our server sent over the mariachi band.  They made my bf wear a sombrero as they played a song for him and then made him take a shot of tequila.  It was a really fun experience. The drinks are a little pricey.  I want to say the coronarita alone is like $18, if I remember correctly.
5	Great food. Outstanding service! They clearly work as a well coordinated team. Definitely will be back.
5	Excellent service.  Good food.  Very satisfied with our visit. Chips were replaced promptly as well as drinks.  We had more than one server.  Definitely a place to come and enjoy.
4	I love this place!They have a live musician/singer, which is a really nice touch :)The service is very fast and friendly.My absolutely favorite dish here is the carnitas a la coca cola. The meat is really tender and super flavorful.I also like their flautas.And their complimentary fideo soup is so delicious!Almost every time we come here, we're seated right away. Except for one time when we went on a Sat around 7:30 pm, it was super packed and we had to wait about 40 min to get a table. So you should make a reservation if you're going there on a Sat.It gets pretty loud when they're busy (I hate loud restaurants).The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because sometimes they get super busy & because their complimentary corn chips & salsa could be better. The chips are a little on the thick side, not light and crispy. And their salsa seems more like hot sauce than salsa (not tomato-y enough).But their flour chip that comes as a garnish in your entree is delicious.The food portions are a good amount for the price.And I like how they have lollipops instead of boring mints.I keep coming back here again and again.
2	Why would you eat at this cartoonish, small-children-infested sideshow when you could eat at Frank & Fina's across the street?!We almost walked out as soon as we walked in, and I wish that we had.When you walk into this restaurant, the ambiance stresses you out. The fake Mexican decor and the immense amount of noise in the place are just too much. If you want a peaceful meal, eat elsewhere. The food was laughable, though the waiters were friendly.
2	Like my first visit a few months ago, service was lacking once again (-1) The waiters (both times) had to return to our table to ask what we had just ordered a few minutes earlier. Our half dozen oyster appetizer was fresh. The ceviche de Camaron was flavorless (-1), and the Lengua was a bit overcooked (-1). The ambience is good though, beautiful decor. Wait staff just seems to disappear a lot!
5	The quality of their food is fantastic.  I tried the mole poblano chicken which was sweet and spicy, with chocolate and green mole spices topped with sesame seeds.  They serve their homemade warm tortillas which are awesome.  I love their complimentary bean dip and salsa - it's so good you could make a meal of that.  Everyone in my group loved their food.
5	So worth the trip off the strip ! Excellent food and great prices. Staff very friendly
5	Great ambience a little too crowded but that alone says a lot of the place :) waiting time was an estimate of 30 mins for a party of two (too long) we decided to wait next thing you know it only took 10 mins to be seated (thumbs up) to drink I ordered a blue margarita on the rocks it wasn't too strong but I could taste the right amount of tequila in it!  chips and salsa were delicious! Had our fideo soup which was great not too salty like other places! For dinner I ordered Enchiladas de Mole! To be honest those were some really good enchiladas! Loved the mole sauce you can actually taste the home made sauce that makes it authentic! For dessert we ordered a Flameado now that was pretty cool! It's ice cream in flames! Be careful and make sure to blow it! :) we Would definitely be back as it's a great place to socialize and hang out with friends or family!
5	For a Local Mexican Restaurant, this place is great!!! Was amazed by their seafood salad.  Really fresh and tasty.  SO big I could only eat half.  In two avocado halfs.  THe guacamole was table-side, fresh and tasty ... I prefer no onions, so make sure you ask for it the way you like it.  Waiter was very nice...Bartenders were great...  Sat down ordered a virgin margarita... Yummy and put in my $20.  It wen up to 59.00 pretty quick.  Fun, I cashed out at $46.. That paid for dinner.  Plus my husband put in $20 cashed out at $9... Woo Hoo.  We had a great time.  Highly recommend!!!
5	This place is great! The food is delicious and very culturally authentic. Service is astounding and they make you very comfortable. But here's a tip! If you don't want to take home food, don't fill up on chips and dip! ;D
5	We come from buffalo and centennial to this location. They are always friendly. Go above and beyond to make sue you are enjoying yourself. You can sit out on the patio with your dog, which is a huge plus for us. I recommend everything on the menu. Yummy vegetarian fajitas or tacos can't be beat.
3	Decent, but not great mexican food. Nice outdoor seating when not windy. Very CLEAN bathroom! The food is decent, but kinda bland..definitely not as good as cantina laredo in tivoli. Maybe it's my gringo taste? Who knows.
2	Average food and average service .... nothing more and nothing less.  I do have to say that I eat here 3 to 4 times a month due to how close it is to were I live.  Yet, I have never gotten the same tasting margarita ever, so my suggestion is get the cheapest one to save the money --- inconsistent at beast -- and what a shame it is a Mexican Restaurant.  I ask for corn tortillas and I get flour every time I guess their POS system does not communicate with the kitchen properly.  The main issue is with me, I spend $50 to $70, without tip for a single diner and never get an experience worth it.  I guess I keep going because it is so convenient.  If you live more then a mile away I say go someplace else.  Sorry, but as a diner that eats there often, I feel abused and not appreciated as a regular .... so I guess it is a time for a change and for me to find a new Mexican restaurant that will meet my expectations and meet my needs.   I will drive the extra 5 miles for good food, good service and a good margarita.  For those of you who venture there and want corn tortillas make sure you let a manager know when you order.
5	Amazing food and staff. Always feel at home here. When you're in there next time, make sure to have Joy make you a drink at the bar and to have Leo come say hello. Nicest people I've ever net in the business. One of the bussers Manuel is always on point and I date you to have your water glass get empty. Amazing place and prices are great for the portions. Also, go on a Friday or Saturday night to enjoy the live music.
5	Ladies at bar are always so sweet! Joy, Sarahi are very attentive,  great with knowledge of the drinks!
4	Bartenders are amazing! Great service and cute!
4	i love mexican food, everyone here is friendly my family enjoy the food and music, is just what we need for family dinner
3	good restaurant but not great atmosphere. shrimp ceviche was good. service was average
2	Went for lunch on Cinco de Mayo and was surprised there was no specials. We ordered the fresh guacamole that's prepared at our table. We instructed the waiter "NO onions," he nodded and we thought we were clear but when we took our first bite there was a whole lot of onions. Not pleased. I ordered the fish tacos and they were delicious but messy. Our food took way to long to prepare and we could not figure out why as there was hardly anyone in the restaurant at 11AM. Usually the food and service is really excellent but not at this location. I prefer the Henderson location.
3	Great fish tacos.  But salsa they serve with their chips... kind of not to my liking. And they also serve two bowls of refried beans to dip your chips in too.  That was weird. Or maybe I'm weird. I don't know.  But that was a first for me at a Mexican restaurant.  I mean, I know they serve beans as a side with your meal but as a dip for your chips? Weird. That's pretty much all I can say about this place. The ambiance though felt like a chain restaurant. This place was good, but not great.
3	I don't eat too much Mexican food but the menu sounded pretty good so we decided to give it a shot. Food was good but service was better! I tried the chicken but despite it's compelling description, it just tasted like chicken in tomato sauce. The chicken wasn't too dry, yet not particulary moist either. The seats were comfy, there was live entertainment, so the atmosphere was nice and comfy. My overall experience was nice, I think it's partially due to the servers being super attentive and accommodating. :)
4	Food is a little pricey, but overall yummi. i got an enchilada plate. They give you chips and beans before your food and they give you more if you ask. My plate came with noodle soup (fideo) could be more Mex style if they add cream and avocado. They have music. It was a little crowded for dinner but a must for birthdays let them know and they sing Marachi and they put a hat on you and force a tequila drink on you!
2	Man, I dont know what it is but lately I have been having bad experiences. Last place I went to had good food but bad service. Here I had both bad service and bad food. Im hoping the next place I go to I dont have bad anything. So me and the wifey come here on thursday around 9:15 pm for a late dinner. Since these guys close at 11, we were thinking we should get decent service and decent food as well.What I got was the Carne Asada Plate ($18.95). It is a thinly cut of New York steak. Comes with refried beans, rice, guacamole, and flour tortillas. My wife got a Shredded Beef Enchilada ($4.50) off the a la carte menu.Before our order comes out, we are given a basket of chips, bean dip, and salsa to munch on while we waited. I guess we were really hungry because we devoured it in like a minute. Like all other Mexican restaurants, I assumed these things were endless. As our server walked by a couple times to refill our drinks, he never refilled the the chips and dip. So maybe I was wrong about my assumption. Until I saw the next table get another batch. Hmmmm. Sad to say the chips and salsa were the only things with great flavor.We get our main entrees and it looks delicious. But turns out the steak was bland. The only things that had any kind of flavor on my plate were the grilled jalapeno and small spoonful of guacamole. I had to dip the steak in what little left of the salsa that was provided with the chips. My wife's enchilada was ok but it was obvious that it was microwaved as evidenced by the some of the enchilada sauce surrounding the burrito was crusted. You know when any kind of sauce gets microwaved too long? Yup. Thats how parts of the sauce were. Service was just a tad below mediocre. I think the table next to us got chips and salsa refilled twice. Not to say that we could of ate that much as well but like I said before I was used to these places constantly refilling those things without hesitation. It also took a while for us to get our check and for the receipt to come back so I can sign it. So in closing, maybe we just came at the wrong time? Maybe we need to get to the original location off of Desert Inn? If we do, hopefully the food and service will be much better. Until then, im not sure if I want to come back to this particular location.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #146 "Should of just ordered chips and salsa"
5	My family and I frequent the Lindo's restaurants a lot. We always alternate from this location to the one on The Loma in Henderson for the fantastic view they have! We always get exceptional, superb service at both locations.  The staff always go above and beyond. They're very social. I haven't had a bad experience yet. The food is always good, the alcohol, even better. Their strawberry margaritas are mighty tasty.I try to get a different dish each time I go, but top three are the chicken fajitas (come out sizzling hot), enchiladas suizas (made with cream cheese, you can't go wrong with cream cheese!), and their shrimp salad (tossed with lemon and avocados). You can't go wrong with those dishes. Tortillas are always fresh and handmade and come with some dishes, not all. Meanwhile you wait for your food, you can either order an appetizer or just stuff your face with the chips/beans/salsa that they put out for you. If you're going to go with an appetizer, the queso fundido is a must, lot's of cheesy goodness! You can opt to get it with green chile strips or chorizo, both are equally delicious. Nothing but good vibes and good food every time we come.
2	Disappointing.  The staff is great, the wait staff was very attentive, and the hostes sat us right away.The food is bland and uninspired.  The chips were great but the "salsa" was chipolte like flavored red sauce.  It tasted strong of smoke with a little heat to it.  The table side guacomole was not very tasty and even though we ordered it with everything included, it didnt seem to help.  The tacos were wrapped in an oily shell and the meat was barely seasoned.  When I ate them the oil from the shell coated my tounge and sapped  flavor from the rest of the dish.  There should have been a acid to combat the oiliness, a fresh salsa would have worked well.The restaurant had 4 separate familys with kids and two were extremely loud and obnoxious with the parents ignoring their precious offspring so the whole restaurant could endure the piercing screams of the  children.  This is no fault of the restaurant, however I have to ask, when did it become  acceptable to not take the kids outside when they act up?  Why do some people think it's ok to subject others to their poor or nonexistent parenting choices?
2	Bland.  That is the single term I would use to describe this meal.  Even the "spicy" table side guac was bland.  The chile colorado wasn't that great.  A few pieces of the meat were really fatty, and they do the version which is cooked to order and not the version in which the meat simmers in the chile sauce for hours.  To make it worse, they must have had some "bring your screaming young child" promotion or something.  For that I blame the parents for not giving enough of a shit about teaching their kids about proper public/restaurant etiquette.
5	We love coming here!!  We sit on the patio which is quiet and peaceful. Happy hour is 2-5 and margaritas are 2 for 1, even on the patio. The service is great. Everyone is really friendly and attentive. Food is good and I love the bean dip they serve with salsa and chips when you sit down.  The nachos are amazing. They are multilayered and covered with toppings. Everything we have had has been great. No complaints from me, which is rare ;)
4	Consistently good food and service. Nice atmosphere. We come here often and are always pleased with our meal. Excellent Chile Rellenos, Enchiladas, and burritos.  Wish their salsa that comes with the chips was more tomato-y and flavorful but that is my only complaint. Recommend highly.
4	Food is decent enough especially for the price but they RUSH customers out the door, not in a rude way, it actually shows they're being attentive. As soon as you're done eating, like within 30 seconds they ask if they can get you anything else before presenting the check. The rushing is actually a plus because as busy as they get, you never have to wait for a table
5	By far my favorite Mexican place in Vegas. Courteous staff and great food everytime I go there. Never dissappointed. Love this place and always bring out of town friends/family here too
1	Don't waste you money going here. You can to robertos and get the same thing. It taste way better at robertos and half the price!
3	Anyone who knows me, knows I am a Mexican food snob. I live in NM, the cuisine here is not, nor can it be duplicated anywhere else. So, when someone invites me out for Mexican food I normally become dismayed. Well, this place is wonderful. It is NOT authentic NM cuisine, however, it is excellent Mexico Mexican food. I enjoyed the shredded beef chimmy with red n green. It came with beans/rice which were amazing for beans n rice. We also enjoyed guacamole , and salsa which was great. There are three (at my last count),  I have tried the other locations, they were pricey. Period. This location is great. Service was great!
1	This place used to be one of the best in Las Vegas. For years we are at the original location on DI. Sad to say I'll probably never eat here again due to the taste of ammonia in my steak fajitas. The grease on the chips made me unable to eat them. It's bad when you can't even get full on the chips!
5	So I'm super picky when it comes to Mexican food. But in Vegas this is my Favorite spot. Went here for my first time a few days ago and was impressed. The outside is big, beautiful and traditional looking. The Servers and Hostesses where dressed in traditional clothing. ( Love it!) The Inside is decorated like a Fiesta. Love the atmosphere- everyone that took care of us was great, attentive and had great conversation with us. And as if that wasn't enough the food and drinks were Great! The portion sizes and flavor was perfect. Couldn't have been happier with our experience here. So worth the drive off the strip..
2	Mediocre food, not bad, but definitely not great. Lacks attentive and knowledgeable service. Server lacked short term memory. Our table had to ask several times for same item.
1	Came here for dinner with my husband and his friend and the only Mexican food lindo is comparable to is the dog meat they serve on the side of the road In downtown cancun . I can't believe we paid 75$ for a dinner I could have got on the clearance shelf at smiths . The table side guacamole was bland . I don't understand how it is possible to screw up guacamole that us Made with" fresh " ingredients but apparently it very easy ! I got a three item combo , everything did not have good flavor . The chile relleno was covered in the same red tomato sauce as the chicken enchilada that has dry chicken meat . The beef taco was the best part of my meal and was comparable to Roberto's My husbands meal was the worst part of our whole experience . His beef dish wasn't edible as every few bites had so much fat I had to literally ask for a new napkin just to spit the meat I couldn't swallow into . Who serves meat like this at an establishment that is so well known ?!?! I have literally had better quality meat from don tortaco ! WhAt a disappointment ! The only thing I can say was good about our experience was the service , our sever was very attentive and it was not his fault a "Mexican food " place was serving food that should not have been approved by the FDA .
3	The food was okay, but I was expecting much more considering all the positive raving about it.  Has an authentic feel, but the flavors were somewhat bland.  Sorry to say, Tacos El Gordo is a better bet.
3	Staff is great, restaurant is great but food is just bland, it's missing flavor. I'm 100% Mexican, so I'm picky about my Mexican food.
5	This past Saturday we had my Nana's 90th birthday celebration here. From the time we originally booked the private room for the guests, all the way through to the end of the party, this restaurants was AMAZING! My family and I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant and their staff. They catered to our family and friends so wonderfully, I didn't have to worry about anything; and there was about 50 of us! Anything we needed, they got it. No one had empty drinks. Food was ready on time, brought out cake when asked, etc. They accommodated our every request. This celebration of my Nana's 90 years couldn't have been any better. How great it was to have someone else do the work, all we had to do was show up and enjoy ourselves. Every single employee was amazing.  Oh and the happy birthday song from all the staff with the guy and the guitar, my Nana loved it. Thank you Lindo Michoacan for taking such good care of us and helping our family to create some wonderful memories with our Nana.
4	Lindo has some really great upsides...awesome and efficient service, great margaritas and a large/option filled menu. The downside...every time I leave I feel fat as hell! I don't think I have EVER had a meal there and not napped afterwards! lol The chips and salsa and good, the Don Fransico is amazing and the live music was really enjoyable! (Top 40 remakes)
2	Service wasn't great. Food was ok, but not worth coming back. They did have a variety which was nice, but again my first and last time, bonito michoacan is much better.
2	At one point in time, this was our go to place for great, authentic Mexican food. But, the last few times we've gone, our experience was not so good. The portions have become smaller, the prices higher. See, the problem is the plate is the same size it has always been. And at one time your plate was served to you full. Now the plate is only 1/2 full. We just went last night. Ordered the same two entrees we just about always order. One being the fish tacos, which have always been my favorite. But this time the fish had a funny smell & taste and the rice & beans were pretty much non existent. This place has become the Denny's of Mexican food. And it's all very bland. Sad. We really miss the way it used to be.
5	YUM YUM! Hello Cadillac Margarita & chips, beans, salsa to start. Decor fun, waiters are friendly & get right to u! BUSY & no wait on a Saturday!! Food is hot & delicious
1	Don't waste your time. Service was slow, sucked, and the guy just seemed like he didn't want to be there.  Chips tasted old, guacamole was  tasteless.  Soup tastes like dishwater and the food was just bland.  Shrimp was over cooked and just little tiny pieces.  It was a real disappointment and another one not to go back to.
4	Good family style Mexican restaurant. Nothing bad on the menu.If you aren't full after eating here, it's your own fault.Chips and salsa are served along with refried beans, so be sure to save room for your meal!This is the sit-down Mexican restaurant I recommend to friends and family in town visiting. My favorites are the chimichangas and chicken tacos.
4	One of my favorite Mexican restaurants! You can't beat the service here. Whenever your drink is empty, there is always someone coming along to fill your glass. The food here is delicious.The ensalata marinara is probably my favorite salad here. The avocados and shrimp in it are a very fresh combination. Gallo Al Mojo De Ajo is a great dish for all garlic lovers. Definitely try the fried ice cream, but get it to share with someone, the portion is very large. They have a large variety of flavored margaritas which are great!
3	Food here is good, their consistency is not that good. Tonight the food was fresh, had very tender pork in my burrito, my husband's steak very thin but had decent grill flavor. Service was good, maragrita was very good. Music started just as we finished.
4	Lindo has some really delicious options! Great margaritas!  And...they have wonderful efficient service!  We have dined at Lindo a few times now and I have enjoyed every visit. They also have live music which is very enjoyable!
5	Awesome place to take your loved ones to!!! Great authentic Mexican food!!! Their servers go extremely out of their way to please you!!!! I will definitely come back next time I am in Vegas, little pricey but worth it!!!
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for Lindo, yet! This is my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant. I come here with my family and friends at least twice a month.If you go to Lindo, you MUST get the table-side guacamole. They bring all of the ingredients to your table, ask you how you like it, and then they make it right there. So good! I'm boring and I always get the steak fajitas, but they are bomb. Can't really go wrong with food here. Margaritas are delicious, too ;)Service is normally good, though sometimes it can be a little iffy.
1	Ok, so I've been sitting here in this god awful restaurant for way more time than I should.  First of all I am a hospitality/restaurant worker and never write these things.  However, this place should def be put on notice that it's crap.  The service is terrible, food is bland, drinks... Well, atleast they had alcohol.I know my restaurant gets crap on here all the time cause we charge for chips and salsa.  However, I think sometimes people get stuck on complaining about the simple stuff, instead of the important stuff.So here goes... I came here today for lunch with my friend.  We started with a simple chicken quesadilla and 2 cocktails.  The la Linda a spicy cucumber cocktail that def sounds better on paper.  Heat & tequila go great together.  However, other than a few chunks of cucumber in my drink, there was no cucumber flavor.  The quesadillas, were actually pretty decent.  A little on the large size for an appetizer.  We also both ordered tacos for lunch.  Myself the pastor, my friend the carne asada.  The food was gross, no flavor at all.  Was somewhat cold, and again just lacked any flavor all around.So moving past the food, cause I know I will def eat crap food for great service.  The service here is even worse.  If you don't ever even want to know who your server is, or even really see him.  This may be the place for you.  Our busser took the drink order, when the server made it to the table he didn't even tell us who he is, or really anything other than "are you ready".  We placed our food order, and never saw him again.  I ate 1 bite of 1 taco, and am paying a $80 check!  Did he ever come back?  No!  Was there any check if the food or drinks or anything was satisfactory?  No!  I honestly will never come here again.  And I do highly recommend other options in Mexican fare.
2	Wow! I don't know what happened to the restaurant....but it's not good. The food was bland and tasteless. You're always offered the chips, beans and salsa. This time we received a 1/4 of the bowl full of  salsa (barely enough to dip your chips in), the beans were tepid, but the chips were great! We asked for more salsa and it was delivered directly from the fridge. The main course was equally disappointing. We both had the taco plates (beef and steak). The rice was molded on our plate (cafeteria style) along with bean puree vs. refried beans. The taco meat was completely void of taste. We added cold salsa and salt and pepper to the taco meat for some type of flavor enhancement. We are so disappointed, this was our favorite mexican food restaurant, and so convenient too. If your tying to reduce food costs, I get it, but don't serve premade ice-cold salsa and cafeteria molded rice. We like the authentic that Lindo did so well before.
