5	I just returned from my first visit to this shop for a men's cut.While the shop just opened in the past week or so, the buildout was tastefully done.I had no problem communicating what I was looking for in a cut, and was very happy with how it turned out.My cut was $15.
1	I thought about changing my older review, but I thought I'd leave it I hopes that my frustration with them is a temporary thing.Monday I left work a little early to make sure I get to this shop before closing.  I had double checked the hours here on yelp.  I arrived to find that they are closed on Monday's.Today, Tuesday, I drove over after work to finally get that haircut.This time I arrived at 5:47 to see a handwritten note on the door saying that they are closing today at 5:45.I'm not sure if I've got the patience to try again. Maybe I'll give V's at Norterra a shot.
5	They are one of the few places around that can cut close enough for those military guys....And I had my hair cut there, the lady was awesome, I don't normally trust a barber shop to do this, but you know what I would go back here in a heart beat!!!
5	These people KNOW how to cut hair.  I would drive from Scottsdale to get my haircut here.
5	These people can cut hair. I have lived, and visited all over the west coast and it is hard to find people who can cut hair good. All the barbers here can cut hair great. They are super friendly, professional and consistently turn out good hair cuts. I don't usually leave feed back but, felt compelled to because of Eric B, who gave them one star for being closed on Mondays! Wow...what does being closed regularly on Mondays have to do with rating how well they cut hair??? Haters gonna hate I guess....as far as hair cuts go. This place is five star!
4	We stopped in when we could not get to our regular barbershop due to an accident on Bell road.  The prices were good, the barbers were all efficient and it looked like everyone was happy.Most important to me, they did a great job on my sons haircut and we walked out happy!  Not a bad deal at all.  Very good cuts.  We would return to this shop again.
5	Stopped in on my way home for the first time. Pleased to see two full seats and one free barber on a Friday. Very friendly staff and I was pleased with the haircut and beard trim. Great prices and great service, I'll be back!
5	This place is chingon. I don't need to drive to Peoria anymore to get lined up.
5	VERY impressed with this little gem of a barbershop! Friendly and very experienced staff in the cleanest barbershop I've ever been in. The staff has done a first-rate job on my boys' hair every time they've gone in. Even my baby gets a super haircut to the point where I have no idea how they could have done so well as he's pretty squirmy! He always looks sharp! Highly recommend this shop!
5	Have been back multiple times since my first visit and all I can say is, top notch.  The barbers at this store all know their craft.  This shop is five stars all the way and they do a great job.
5	I take my six-year-old son here for his Mohawk cut. They do a great job, are always friendly and the wait is pretty short when you just walk-in. I've tried a few other shops in the Surprise area and this place is head and shoulders superior.
5	I may not have very much hair on my head, but i appreciate a good haircut. First time coming in here today, and I will defiantly be coming back.
4	I have been looking for a while to find another barber. This place was friendly, clean and fast. I may be a regular here...
5	Excellent service! I go here all the time! They are always friendly and nice! My experience today proves my point why I still go here! Got a great haircut :) oh ya great price too!
5	Been in a few times with a couple different barbers. Can't go wrong with any of them! Great hours and easy to get to!!
5	Just came back from a great first time haircut at All Stylez Barbershop and IT'S GREAT.After reading such great reviews for All Stylez I thought it would be a place to try.  I haven't had a haircut in about two years so my hair was long and in a pony tail.  The young lady who cut my hair asked what I wanted I told her "short".  She asked if I wanted to keep the pony tail and I said no.  She then proceeded to give me an outstanding "regular" haircut.  She was quick, thorough and careful.  Whoa, she did a great job, including trimming my sideburns, and eyebrows.  Too cool.  I'm sorry I didn't catch her name but she was really excellent.  I left All Stylez looking good and my wife tells me she didn't know I could be even more handsome.  All Stylez made my day and will make my nights better.Cost of all this great care was very reasonable.  I will be going back the next time I'm ready for a haircut.Good job All Stylez.
3	Very professional place and nice haircut
1	They cut hair good but, they talk with each other and stop working, they stop in the middle of cutting hair to talk about god knows what, they order food while they are cutting hair, one guy walked in gave the barber money for football tickets and the bullshitted for a minute. My son is getting his haircut right now as I sit here and has been in the chair for over a half hour because the girl keeps gossiping, checking her phone laughing at the tv. You guys cut hair good but please just cut the damn hair
1	I waited around for about 40 minutes before finally leaving. I've never seen such slow barbers before. In the 40 minutes I was there exactly one new customer was seated and the other three didn't look close to being done despite having been in the seat for at least 40 minutes. It was comical watching the heavily tatted barber take 40 minutes going over the same fade over and over and over. There's quicker and more efficient barbershops in the immediate area that I'll stick to and would recommend over this place.
5	Hadn't had a professional hair cut in 20 years due to the lack of hair on top of my head.  I had let my beard grow out quite long, though, and needed professional help to make it look good again.  These folks are good.  Hair cut and beard trim is $21 plus tip and is worth twice that!These guys are good!
5	Brought my three boys in on a busy Sunday and they took their time with each person in the shop. They were professional yet friendly. Took a while but was definitely worth the wait. Nice to see the attention to detail they gave each customer even though they were packed. Glad we found this place. Thanks fellow Yelpers!
5	Great haircuts!! Great staff!! I'm really picky about where and who does my haircut so I'm super pumped I found a spot that does such a great job especially moving over here from Cali. They have plenty of places to sit and tv's which is awesome.
