4	In this massive store there is every toy you could possibly want.The staff are very friendly and approachable.Great for taking your kids into and buying things for them on special occasions.
3	I have always liked toys r us, especially the babies r us section. But the last time I was in I was very disappointed. There were queues everywhere, no staff on the floor to ask about stock or staff at the check outs. There didn't even seem to be any staff on the desk where you pick up the games. If it wasn't for the fact they there are really no other toyshops left, thanks to large sheds like toys r us, I probably wouldn't be back.
5	This was the first Toys 'R' Us ever in Scotland and if that's not something to brag about, I don't know what is. Who doesn't love this place? It's awesome! A huge store filled to the brim with toys of all kinds.My mum and dad used to take me here when I was younger when were through in Edinburgh and I'd more often than not leave with a new toy in toe. Result! My favourite toy I ever got from here was a Cabbage Patch doll called Rosalee Molly, I took that doll everywhere with me even though she was probably the ugliest doll ever made.Nowadays whenever I think of Toys 'R' Us I think of the scene in Toy Story 2 where the gang are running around a toy store crusing around with the Barbies, hilarious!
4	Makes me wish it was socially acceptable to get Lego at my age.This place is like heroin for kids, they go apeshit as soon as they walk through the door.  The staff look genuinely happy to be there and I've caught them playing with the toys themselves a few times.The best part about this particular store is the electronics isle, where a collective of young Dad's and their wallets try to stay away from the kids.
5	There can be few other warehouse-like multinational superstores that bring a nostaligic tear to my eye more than the Edinburgh branch of Toys R Us. Practically every birthday and Xmas present I received during my early years came from this store, and I believe my old dear once joined the overnight crowds to pick up a few Ninja Turtles figures for me during the height of the craze.I picked up a few of the much under-rated but incredibly cool Crash Dummies figures here a few years later as well, but perhaps my best memories come from the old computer game aisle. Back in the days of the Nintendo NES, games weren't readily available and this store had the biggest selection I'd ever seen. I remember having to take a ticket up to the counter, then being sent to the games pick-up point  to collect ,my shiny new copy of Maniac Mansion. A drawn out and archaic buying process perhaps, but one that undoubtedly provided a true sense of occasion.The tickets are long gone now, but apart from that, it's not a million miles away from my 90s memories, and still fantastic.
