2	I really wanted to love the Dardanelles - they are locally owned by a progressive woman, and they serve Mediterranean and Turkish food, which is my favorite.  Unfortunately, though, on multiple visits over several years I have been continually disappointed.  Primarily this is because their food is not very flavorful and somewhat overpriced.  Although the service is gracious and the menu interesting, the culinary execution simply is not there.  There is a beautiful ceiling, and lovely art on the walls, and the lighting and volume makes it pleasant for an intimate dinner with a friend or two, or a 2nd or 3rd date.  The main dishes as a whole are bland and overcooked, and the servers are very hit-or-miss on basic information about Turkish cuisine and drink.  I should note, however, that my dining companions have enjoyed the food and found the whole experience just fine.  I probably hold this restaurant to a higher standard than I should, having spent lots of time in Turkey and the Mediterranean and savoring their marvelous foods.  They do one thing beautifully, however, and that is Turkish coffee.  If you go for dessert and coffee, The Dardanelles shines.
3	While I was visiting a friend in Madison, we went here for Sunday brunch. It seems to be a pretty popular place for weekend brunch, as the place was still packed when we got there at noon.I ordered the Spinach Breakfast Boret, a homemade Cinnamon Roll, and spicy Hot Chocolate. Although I walked out of the restaurant packed to the gills, it was well worth it. The Boret was much like spanakopita and came with grilled veggies. If I lived in Madison, I would have the Cinnamon Roll and Hot Chocolate on a weekly basis - at least. They were THAT good.I think the most unique part of the meal was the fresh bread and apricot butter that came free with the meal. Be sure to save room for this - it's a treat.
2	I don't like this place too much. The energy felt a little weird. Maybe it is because I just had Palestinian Mediterranean last night. Maybe I was dining with my father in law and my step mother in law. Maybe the food is just, eh!I ordered the Lamb burgher. It was 1 lamb patty with a huge wedge of bread, almost doubly bigger than the patty. It was served with feta cheese, red onions and cucumbers on the side. The cucumber sauce tasted like more plain yogurt a little dill stirred in. Once I took off 2/3 of the bun, it was only okay.My husband ordered the chicken doner kebab plate. There was no kebab. The plate consisted of  sliced up dry chicken with the same yogurt sauce and rice. More of... eh.The server was nice but timid.I'm just didn't enjoy this place, whatever the reason was.
2	Reduce the prices of the entrees by 40% and I'll give two stars back.  Food was slightly better than average but the prices are too high for what it is.  I don't mind expensive meals as long as they're worth it.  I had the lemon chicken and we also had the shrimp curry with veggies.  By the way, baklava should not come with whipped cream.  Also, the rug needs to be replaced or at least vacuumed.  The service was bad.  They forgot our soup, tried to charge us for it and were 'out of the specials' at 6:15PM on a Saturday night.  We went here because another place we wanted to go was full.  I can see why The Dardanelles was not.
4	The Dardanelles is another one of the great Monroe Street establishments, and I think it's one of the more overlooked restaurants in Madison. I remember coming on there once, not extremely hungry, but seeking something good tasting as a snack. I ordered their butternut squash soup and a vegetable appetizer; both were excellent. I think this would be an excellent date restaurant, although it's also great to go with other people or by yourself.
2	The owner has lots of interesting travel stories to tell. She definitely tries to befriend her customers.I've been there for lunch and dinner. I tried their Bhaklava and it is way overpriced as well. The service was good, but the food is way overpriced for the slightly above average food. Spend your money somewhere else.
2	I went here on a friend's recommendation and was completely underwhelmed. I remember that I had chicken, but that's all I remember about it. I think Monroe Street deserves something better.
4	I visited The Dardanelles for the first time this winter, just after a heavy snowstorm. There were only several other groups dining during my lunchtime visit. As soon as I got settled, the owner came out an offered my fellow diner and I each a serving of a Moroccan appetizer for "deciding to brave the weather." She went on to explain the appetizer, and told of her travels in Morocco. Throughout the rest of our meal, she kept popping up asking if everything was ok (though she was not our server), and told us several more food/travel anecdotes. This constant attention might bother some, but once I got used to her ever-presence, I found what she had to say very interesting. You can tell she really loves what she does, and that, I think, is the perfect way for a restaurant owner to be. The food itself was good. I ordered the falafel and was surprised when I did not get the typical pita sandwich but rather a plateful of croquettes sitting on tomato and cucumber slices. I imagine this food is about as authentic as it gets, and the menu offers a wide range of items from many different Mediterranean cultures. Order the Turkish coffee and the owner will read your coffee ground fortune! Very reasonable lunch prices. They are open for dinner and Sunday brunch, too. Very conveniently located amongst the fine shops of Monroe Street.
5	I ate dinner at The Dardanelles on Wednesday and they were serving three choices for a $25 three course meal as part of Madison's Restaurant Week.  My friend and I have dined in Paris and San Francisco this year and we both agreed that this meal experience was one of the top meals of the year!  The young man who was our server was helpful and charming as well.  We started themeal with Maschio "Ciao" Prosecco wine from Veneto, Italy.  It was delightful and celebratory and put us both in a great mood for the meal.  Our appetizers were perfect, our main course selection (Mushroom Strudel with wine sauce) was moan worthy, and the deserts were to die for.  The owner of the restaurant was, as usual, attentive to every detail and came out to say hello and assure we were happy.  We both decided to go with decaf coffee because it was late and they brewed a delicious cup of Columbian decaf.  I cannot imagine how people ever have a negative experience here.  It is about the 10th visit for me and I am always pleased.  This time I was more than delighted!
