4	Very fond memories of this place  years ago.  Nothing like sharing the carne asada fries with my honey.  Oh, how I will cherish those.
3	I frequent this Roberto's, as it is convenient and the service is always good.They take phone orders, which only adds to the convenience. I wouldn't rate the food as excellent, but it is good and always fresh. A small salsa bar with fresh carrots awaits you and has always been fully stocked during my visits. They have fountain soda, which I prefer over bottles, along with horchata and other Mexican drinks. They have managed to stay in business in a shopping center that lost it anchor a few years back, so they must be doing something right. I would rate the food as on par with other Roberto's in town, but this one gets an edge for their customer service.
4	A bit small inside. Bathrooms are clean and food is always great. The boy at the register is nice. There are Roberto's all over town but I prefer this one because of the cleanliness and food consistency.
1	Seriously the worse food for Mexican food. Food was either too salty or too bland. Order the "Wet Bean/Cheese Burrito" and 12 rolled tacos. Burrito was horrible assembled and the red sauce was way too salty. The tolled tacos we bland and the guacamole was watered down. I know I don't come here for the service cause it sucks. Lady who took my order was rude, horribly representing service. Food was priced OK but they charge extra to use your credit card and if you want refills on your drinks. For this type of food place, I would totally recommend to go to Don Tortaco or Tacos el Gordo. Way better price, service, and quality.
1	The worst Roberto's - ordered a #4 which is the 2 taco combo and a carne asada burrito to go. Got home and saw that the tacos barely had meat in it so went back to the restaurant to give them an opportunity to fix the issue, instead the cashier had a poor pissed attitude telling us that that's how they come?!? We've been ordering this for years I mean years and this was the very first time I've seen it poorly executed. A two taco for a buck was way better than that food. I was so livid I was not able to take a photo of the mess. We will never go back to this restaurant. Poor attitude, service, and worst food! I see closure in y'all's future!
