1	By far the worst food i have had in Phoenix... Service is extremely bad.. We had to wait for 20 minutes before someone showed up to take the order. And then it took them another 40 minutes to get the appetizers, which had gone cold by then. Definitely not worth the money.
3	Tried this restaurant on a Wednesday night.We didn't encounter any of the issues the other reviewers had. Service was fine. Our waitress was attentive, friendly and prompt. There were only a few other diners present (many Indian, so that's a good sign!) Decor is OK. Felt a little 80's to me, but the restaurant is spacious and the backs of the booths are high enough that you can't see over them (a plus.) Bollywood music videos show on a couple of TVs.Food was a couple dollars more than we're used to spending, but I had the chicken tikka (dry) off the appetizer menu - which was entree sized and my friend had a cauliflower curry (gobi). The vegetable samosas were good and they offered us a variety of chutneys, which were more like sauces than a traditional "chunky" chutney - tomato, mint and coconut (all good). Garlic naan was good, too.Biggest complaint is the use of plastic dishes. And why there are Chinese food options on the menu is beyond me. Stick to one cuisine.We both agreed the food we had was good and we'd consider returning here.
3	This place isn't bad.  I've never dined in, only ordered take-out.  The staff is nice, and the interior is pretty attractive with beautiful flooring and a soothing atmosphere (minus the tv).  Their garlic naan is usually excellent, but the other dishes I've tried (baingan bartha and chole palak) are generally a bit too salty for my tastes.I've eaten here a handful of times, and the saltiness is consistent.  I might stop here again sometime, but I'll be checking out the other nearby Indian options first.
4	-Delicious Chicken Tikka Masala-Nice decor-Lots of vegetarian options-Spicy (if you request it)Went there for the first time with my boss and a group of coworkers from India. We had the lunch buffet and the food was very good. Sadly they didn't have Golab Jamun (the fluffy cheese balls soaked in syrup), neither I saw the free chai most Indian buffets have (I like both because in other Indian buffets I sweeten my (free) chai with Golab Jamun syrup)... Well, Fulla A.'s review says this is food from the Chennai area, maybe chai and Jamun Golab are not from there : (OK, back to the food, they had interesting and varied options, all of them very tasty, and also had good options for vegetarian dishes (paneer dishes and vegetarian biryani)...I don't remember the names but I tried almost everything and it was very good. They had like 3 different chicken dishes, 2 soups, salad, and various other items.And they bring potato dosai to your table.The hubby and I went there for dinner last night. They only seem to have the buffet for lunch, so we ordered from the regular menu.We shared Chicken Tikka Masala (it comes with white rice) and garlic naan.Everything was very good. The chicken tikka was delicious. The sauce was the tastier and creamier we have ever had. I noticed it had like pieces of green herbs... usually the tikka sauce in other places is just orange-like color, this one had dark small pieces.Service was good as well. Our hostess and server were 2 young girls and they were very polite and stopped by several times.We will be back even though it is quite a drive.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in here today to try the Buffet, joined by Arlin B., Norm R. & Mike C.  This place is really nice inside, especially the bathroom!  No, really!I started off with "Appetizer".  It was a stuffed orange thing, & sorry, I don't know what was on the outside or inside of it, but it was good.  Then it was on to the two soups, one of which was VERY spicy.  Whoops, I failed to write down the names of them too.Large plates were provided.  To me that speaks of, "Help yourself to all the food you like," & I appreciated them.  The Chicken Curry & Tandoori Chicken were good, & especially the Pulav (fancy rice).  There was also Chow Citolo Kootu, a tasty lentils dish, Aloo Mutter (potatoes etc.), & more...  about 15 food items in all, & after a bit we were each treated to a Dosa by our server lady.The food tends toward the spicy here, so I wouldn't recommend it for most kids, & there were also some negatives for me:*  The Naan bread was plain & sitting out cold in a serving tray rather than being brought piping hot to the table, & there was no option of garlic flavored, my favorite.*  The soups & other bowl friendly dishes had to go into little stainless steel cups.  Yes, I've seen them at some other Indian Buffets, but I don't like them!  I like medium sized CHINA bowls because they are emotionally warmer and not so warm (hot!) for your fingers trying to carry them to the table!*  There were no "treats" to speak of, beyond the Dosas and a dessert that looked like Cream of Wheat (& wasn't).  It tasted ok, but there was no Mango Juice, no Indian Tea and no Gulab Jamun ("monkey balls").     :-)*  Numerous empty trays occupied serving area.  Perhaps they are used for the $12.99 Buffet on weekends, but they yell "stingy" to the weekday diner, the opposite of what the big plates were trying to say!SOOOO, all in all, it's 3 Stars from here for this one.  While it's not "bad" really, I think India Palace just a block away is a better choice.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.99
4	I guess it was a good thing that it was rather cold and rainy when I came here for a little buffet lunch UYE with Rand H, Mike C and Arlin B.  I enjoyed the food but be aware that heat level of the most of the food was medium to medium hot - which I like, but might be a bit daunting for some people. I particularly enjoyed the chicken curry, the egg masala and the lentil dish, and found the other dishes to be quite good. The server was very attentive, and the crispy dosas she brought to our table was a nice addition to our meal. At about 10 bucks, the price of the lunch buffet is about the same as most other Indian buffets in the city, but the spacious, sparkly clean setting brings this place a tad above the rest for me.
3	They really have good south Indian dishes especially Kotthu paratto, spciy chicken garvy. But I would rate the buffet as average in terms if taste and variety. And I love their Biryani. Staffs are really nice.
5	Chennai Chettinaad Palace is my new favorite Indian restaurant. The lunch buffet is changed up every day. They always have so many delicious dishes to choose from. Be sure to have the dosa.The food here is just like the food I had when I was in south India. Great place to try things you have never tried before.
4	Friendly service, spotless establishment, incredible buffet.  This is southern Indian food and is on the spicy side.  Those with bland palates have thousands of restaurants serving boring food from which to pick and should go one of them.  This place is for me.  My experience is limited to lunch buffet and not dinner service. I have been twice and have sampled most things on the buffet and have found everything to be absolutely delicious and fresh.  Yes, plastic plates and cold nan bread but really, dudes, it's a buffet.  While the service was not mind-blowing, it was adequate and friendly.  Reference above comment about buffets.  The place is clean as a whistle.  The decor is a bit boring, but the booths are deep and private.  The good food and interesting conversations with a friend takes care of the decor problem. The Bollywood videos playing above the bar are amusing and add ambiance.  If I knew what they were saying perhaps they'd be annoying.  On both visits the place was very busy and every other patron appeared to be ethnic indian.  In this case racial profiling works for me as an endorsement.  Nuff said.
3	My gratitude to Sarabear B.  The Hopi have blue corn piki, the Southwest giant flour tortillas, Chenai Chettinad Palace has masala dosai.  For me, that giant roll of ultra-thin giant masala crepe/piki/tortilla with a dab of potato dosai was worth the visit.This is a pleasant, visually inviting place.  The booth for our business conversation tall, quiet and comfortable.  As others mention, service was attentive.The food was decent.  I cannot name all the dishes in the weekday lunch buffet.  We all ate veggie, finished the meal with the dosai, and were quite satisfied.
5	Went for lunch on a Monday with very low expectations but was wowed by the ambience and good food. Fantastic.
4	Tried this restaurant 3-4 times for buffet, luckily all times food was too good. Specially spicy chicken tandoori and dry black paper chicken. Just make sure you go there before 2 PM for lunch buffet else most of the item would have already finished...
4	They have improved a lot compared to opening week/month. The Dosas are good compared to other Indian Restaurants near by. Now they have Kothu Paratha !!Service is good and improving a lot.
4	We went here last night for the first time and had a fantastic dinner. My husband ordered a spicy vegetable soup and we got two orders of chicken tikka masala. He didn't like his soup and said it tasted like spicy water with some spices, so we will try something different next time. The chicken tikka masala was AWESOME, but the rice it came with was pretty bland. Although I felt it was fine when paired with the masala. The garlic butter naan we ordered was seriously amazing! And dipping it in the tikka masala sauce was the best part of the meal. Our server was very sweet and very efficient, however they were definitely understaffed for the amount of people dining. I think she may have been serving most of the tables in the place. So it took a little longer to get everything than it probably should have but it was never so long that it was ridiculous. The restaurant itself is beautiful, very clean and well designed. You would never be able to know such a nice place is hidden in the shopping mall. There was plenty of open parking and it seemed like the place didn't get busy until 8:30ish; definitely a later crowd. Our price for the soup, two dinners, naan and 20% tip was $45; which was very reasonable. We will absolutely be back soon!
1	Went for buffet - long lines, food very greasy, not good.  Frequently ran out of food.No more visits here.
5	Went to Sunday lunch buffet. Buffet opened at noon. 13 USD per person.The chicken tikka masala and paneer butter masala were flavorful.The potato was nice too.The naan was perfectly textured.Their atmosphere is classy. Service is pleasant.The water does not taste like tap water and is actually tastes like soft mineral water (not iced).I think my boo and I were the only non-Indian/Pakistani there lol.Clean. Fresh. 13 USD for weekend lunch buffet.I would def go again. I think I found myself a new fav place.
3	This place is ok ok,the food is 4/5 but the service is pathetic.I have been here 4 times and everytime the service is equally badIf the owner is listening via yelp, please you have a good thing going on but the service is ruining your restaurant.Please please improve on the service factor.
4	Try Chinese food here. Very good
5	Had the Lunch buffet, best Indian I've had on the west side by far. I've had 8 other Indian restaurants, and none of them have come close to being this good. First positive sign, everyone in the place was Indian. Second positive sign, all the food was spicy. Had to ask for a Masala Dosa for my daughter so that she could eat.Delicious. Will be back soon.There was a TV that was too loud. I really hate having TV on at places, let alone with volume on. Someone asked they turn it down, and they I think didn't understand the English well enough to comply.Could be an issue going forward.
4	I took my spouse out for Indian food this evening.  Rather than our usual we wanted to try a new location and Chennai Chettinaad did not disappoint.We tried a variety meat and vegetarian dishes.The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and mildly spicy.My go to "heat" dish, lamb vindaloo, was flavorful with tender chunks of lamb. While I had ordered the maximum spice level what I received was a medium.We also ordered a vegetarian dosa which was done with the same level of care as the other dishes.The last dish ordered was biryani. The biryani was a solid good.  I look forward to seeing what it is like with added "heat".The service at the restaurant was good to very good.All in all a very charming restaurant whose attention to detail showed in everything from the excellence of the dishes to the decor.
4	A lot nicer than we thought it would be since the location was a Kyoto Bowl before. The food was great. It was a little too quiet, they didn't have any music playing. Service was nice and the food was tasty and decently priced.
2	This place is somewhere that I will not return. After seeing reviews here, I thought that going to this restaurant for the lunch buffet was a good idea. However, a good portion of the food was not palatable. Dishes that were okay:- the rice- chicken biryani (cold but flavorful)- chicken tikka masala (some of this chicken was very overcooked, but at least palatable)- naan- gulab jabun (like a donut hole - delicious)Dishes that were not decent:- appetizer (some donut looking thing)- paneer mutter masala (this is usually one of my favorite dishes, but was disgusting!)- fish (I don't know why I tried fish at a buffet, but not impressed)- curry chickenI thought just the service would be bad, and it was. I was expecting that. Did not get a refill.  This was somewhat expected with the comments on here that I read before choosing this restaurant. I can totally accept poor service if the food tastes good. Overall, I paid 14.09 for this meal, and did not even eat a full plate because unfortunately on the two plates I did have, not everything was worthy of being put into my body as it would taste so bad going down. I have been eating Indian food for over 10 years. I love it and this was such a sad food experience. After spending the past summer in Berkeley and thoroughly enjoying all of the fabulous Indian restaurants there, it is so disappointing that it so extremely difficult to find a decent Indian restaurant in the north Valley. The last time I enjoyed Indian food in Phoenix area was when I went to Tempe but that is too long of a journey from where I live now. The struggle to find decent Indian food in the North Valley continues, but I know that I will definitely not be going back to this place.
5	Stunningly good and authentic Indian food. Just the right spices, well prepared and reasonably priced.
4	While visiting Scottsdale we realized we needed to get away from there asap. Discovered this place when traveling west. Awesome joint! I thoroughly enjoyed their Gobi Chettinaad Masala & Aloo Mutter. Their Mango Lassi was yummy. Wish I was able to eat more but I was so full! The waiter who I believe was the owner was super friendly.
5	I've been going here for 16 years and They gave me alcohol when I turned 6 for my birthday :) it was so TURNT
1	This place has decent decor for a valley Indian restaurant and very average food. The dosas at Ananda Bhavan or even Karaikudi are way better! The service is quite inadequate and even rude at times. Quite frustrating.
4	Had a very nice dinner here last night, with great service and lots of delicious food.We had a couple of dosai, a veggie curry and Lamb Vindaloo which was delicious.Good prices. It was very quiet there so I hope they survive as they are very close and we will be back.
3	In Short : Tasty, Spicy South Indian Food, but the quality lacks consistency. Nice Ambiance. Service was bad before, but it has improved a lot now.Details :Lunch Buffets:Been a patron at this restaurant during my year's stay in Glendale. (2013)Lunch Buffets on Weekdays has a small but nice menu.I wold recommend their Biryani.Lunch Buffets on Weekends has lot many options, but Vegetarians may not find the taste so exciting. I would recommend their fish on Weekend buffets.Dinner (A la Carte) :All curries are prepared with Southern Spice levels...which means you will sweat if you order moderate or high spice levels. :)Uttappam and Dosas are well prepared and are served with good cutneys. Mini Idli's do not come soaked in Sambar. ;)Biryani(s) are tasty but not as good as Bawarchi. (Near Scottsdale).My Favorite of all is "Schezwan fried rice" with 'Chicken 65'. I would recommend it for all those who crave Ultra Spicy Food. Cons :Many times, the same dish did not taste the same when ordered on different days. (Which means I cannot have a favorite). The service at the beginning of 2013 was too bad. (I agree with some other yelpers). At times they even forgot some of my orders. But they have improved towards the end of 2013.
5	By and far the most authentic and tasty Indian food I have tasted so far in the US. I had come all the way from Albuquerque to try their food and every dish we ordered was very well prepared that I felt that I was back in India. Even though there are some delays in service at peak hours, it is obvious largely owing to their awesome food.I will come back again to Phoenix just to try the food here. Hats off to the team there!!
5	OUTSTANDING LUNCH BUFFET!!! I am giving this restaurant 5 stars based on the lunch buffet and cleanliness. I come here often, about 5 times a month, with family or friends for the amazing selection at their lunch buffet. Friday through Sunday is my favorite time to come because the food is much spicier. Beware, this place is PACKED on those days. If you prefer it on the mild side then stick with the Monday - Thursday buffet or come during dinner hours when you can order it however you prefer. I have noticed that the people in my party are usually the only non-Indian people dining here, which is an excellent sign that the food is authentic. I've never been to India, so unfortunately I cannot say for certain. This restaurant is always very clean. The service can be hit or miss; sometimes we get fantastic service and other times not so much, but that may be due to a communication barrier that the food more than makes up for. Tips: Great place for vegetarians who like it spicy. (Yes, they do also serve meat.)Be sure and try Rasam & Sambar soups, they are both delicious!
1	Due to the service, I will NEVER go back. I love Indian food and have been to quite a few places in the valley.  Chennai's food was average... when we actually received what we ordered (dinner service). Pros: -Relatively fast turn around following ordering.-Food was pretty good, if nothing to write home about.Cons: -Servers had no idea what was on the menu. They came back twice to ask if "that 'chinna' thing" was a soup and then seemed to point at the menu at random, asking "is that it?" Channa masala. It's a pretty ubiquitous dish. And I can show it to you on the menu if you hand it to me.-Of the 6 dishes we ordered, 2 came accurately, 3 were entirely inaccurate (e.g. chaat when we'd ordered a curry dish), and 1 never showed up at all.  -They tried to charge us for dishes we didn't order in addition to those we did.-We had to ask the waitress for water 3x before she brought it.If you're going to go there, go for the lunch buffet. The less you have to interact with the servers, the better.
4	OK, The reviews were rather depressing and we decided on Indian buffet for lunch. We decided on Chennai Chettinaad Palace and was not disappointed in the least. Atmosphere was charming, unlike it predecessor Tokyo Express. Service was wonderful and the food very flavorful and exciting. My only agreement with other reviewers is that most of the dishes, of which there is a great selection, would be that it is just a touch beyond "comfortable spicy". When we left, our table was the only empty table there. It was packed with folks waiting both inside and out. We were the only non-indian patrons. I would love to review all the different foods, like chili fish and chicken, goat and more. Please accept my apology as I hardly know what they were or their ingredients. But the food is wonderful. Try it. Its worth it.
5	Excellent food.. Checked In here this Sunday for Lunch Buffet.. I loved it. This is the best South Indian Restaurant in AZ. People will not finish their lunch until closing time. So check in early to reserve your table and enjoy Tasty food :-)Keep it up Guys!
4	Dined here last night. The food was very good indeed (lamb kurma, chicken saag, and a few other dishes), well presented and quite flavorful without being overwhelming....five stars! The servers were not up to that standard, sadly...they were certainly inexpert and seemed inexperienced. I'll be back though. The annoyance of bumbling service was far outweighed by the quality of the delicious food.
5	My favorite Indian place in the valley. I've had them all, and it isn't close. Spicy, and delicious!
5	The lunch buffet on the Saturday was simply superb. I went with low expectations because I am from NoVA, DC metro where there are tons of Indian restaurants but Chennai Chettinad really surprised me. Food was pretty authentic and had tons of Veg options. Dosa was missing in the buffet but 4 desserts was a surprise. Fish curry, palak-paneer, goat curry & chicken biryaani were the best. Everything was tasty and would definitely come back here if I visit Phoenix! Keep it up guys!!
3	Tasty, spicy food. We love this place for its Indo- Chinese and South Indian dishes. Rest of the stuff is very inconsistent but is good most of the times. The service was extremely bad when it comes to the waiters, it has improved a bit now.. but I would at least expect my server to say a 'Hi' .. which youll never get here. Most of the servers are rude and they will find a way to mess up your order each time. Food arrives very slowly on busy days.  1 * LESS FOR THESE THINGS N I REALLY FEEL THE MANAGEMENT SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT EM.
1	I don't know what to say, I love the food but as everyone says the service is terrible.Part of the reason is that the owners steal all of the tips from the waitresses. They make minimum wage, and all the tips go to the owners. I am torn. It is without question my favorite food, but the owners steal from the servers. So I don't think I should eat here.... Really disappointing...  What does one do in this case?.... The other Indian restaurants around here are terrible. So I can drive to Tempe to support better practices for servers, or I can eat here and support thieves with delicious food.
4	Awesome Indian lunch buffet! If quality of food is important to you , you will love this place.Even, for a change, I liked the dessert options.
5	Best Indian Buffet in town!  The restaurant was extremely clean.  Service has been hit or miss, but the food makes up for it.
4	Very good food. Masala dosai was excellent. Andhra masala dosai was great but very very spicy!
5	I'm happy, the food is amazing! I'm a big fan of dosas. Pro: Food! dosa are awesome.Con: Service could be better, but what restaurant really has waiters that care about their job. They didn't refill my drink quickly enough. big whop. Conclusion: For the food and price I'm happy.
3	Buffet was ok, with some items not very hot.  I noticed other tables had received dosas on their table, but we were never asked nor brought any.  Near the end of the meal I finally flagged a server and asked, and only then was it brought.  This restaurant is not a typical, pure Indian fare because they do have some "fusion" or whatever you call it with other dishes from other countries.
5	Great authentic South Indian food.  There is a great variety of choices and the lunch buffets are awesome!
1	Horrible food. This food is nowhere close to the North Indian food you get in India. The severs were snobbish and rude. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
2	2 stars for the awesome food. All that we ordered tasted good. But the service was below par. Especially this one server,  Arshad. He threw too much attitude!  Customer service is a very basic necessity when you decide to run a restaurant. The minimum one can do is be polite while taking orders, you needn't smile, needn't go out of the way to help customers. But you CANNOT be rude and outright snappy! We were there for a family get together and he began by not helping to seat us, not getting silverware, and when we tried to place orders for some bottled beverages, he refused to get them saying "kitchen is closed"! Couple of other families had bad experiences with the service too. But 2 other servers were the saving grace of our evening.  Overall, good food, bad service.
2	The food is good. But like a lot of Indian restaurants, this place suffers massively from a lack of good service. They used to have a 'Thali' that often came with a couple of dishes missing. Buffets start 30 minutes later than the advertised time. One evening, we were seated immediately. The restaurant was a little more than half-full. But no one came our way for at least 20 minutes. Then, someone brought us some water and disappeared. Then, another person brought us the menu and disappeared. After waiting for an hour, they came to us and said, "You can order now, but the food will take another hour or hour and a half to get ready. We are very busy" . Really??
5	It is a little noisy at times but when you cook so good, you are bound to attract the people in. Great appetizers, chicken pepper dry and all the chaat stuff is mouth watering... and one of the most authentic Indian food you could ever find.Just remember if you are not used to Indian spice,request for mild spice levels, and just sit back and enjoy the great food!
