4	I enjoy this place everytime I go in there. Its family owned and has consistently good food. Large soda selection with  awesome crab rangoon. My favorite dish is the Happy family which has beef, pork, chicken, crab, and veggies in brown sauce.
5	Love everything about this place! My family has been ordering carry out from here for at least 10 years. It's the best Chinese on this side of town. The lo mein rocks!
2	Way too sweet for my liking. Real authentic Chinese food isn't always sweet. In my opinion, if you like sweet taste this much, might as well eat candy bar dip in corn syrup as a meal. When I ordered my food a few years back from them, they put too much food coloring so much that it looked yellow. It was not appealing to me. But it has been years I haven't been there so they could have improved and better. I sure hope that's the case.
4	As far as take-out places go in Madison, this is my favorite. Consistently tasty, fair prices, large portions, and friendly employees. I am eating microwaved general tso's chicken from last night and it is still awesome. Excellent steamed dumplings and egg rolls.
4	The fried dumplings rock!
4	One liner for quick reads:  Fresh made Hot and Sour soup!Yes...they make the Hot and Sour Soup when you order it...no gelatinous, nasty leftovers here.  Service can be a little slow, but definitely worth it.  Good overall food. Our favorite Chinese takeout.  (note...we always pick up, so I cannot comment on the delivery)
4	It was delicious, but expensive for delivery. I had the cashew chicken (no veggies, so they gave me extra meat - thumbs up!), crab rangoon and a 2-L of soda. Very friendly staff.
5	We go here religiously whenever we are craving Chinese take-out (which happens a lot!) I could imagine this place is overlooked but it seriously has some of the best food in town. Service is fast and the food comes out consistently great every time. Order the pork fried rice, you won't regret it.
4	Singapore dish was perfect!! And they even had my favorite nestea pomegranate & passion fruit .. Huge portions also!
4	Good stuff!  Had the sesame chicken, general tsa, pot stickers, and crab Rangoon.  All were great, and were ready quickly.
4	Pretty good for takeout. The meat is more sound than usual Chinese take out
4	My daughter and I stopped in last night for the first time.  I had the Chicken Chop Suey and she had Sweet & Sour Chicken.  We started with an order of Steamed Dumplings.  The dumplings were great.  They had a lot of meat in them.  The Chop Suey was made with a white sauce.  I am used to it being made with a brown sauce.  That did not matter as it was delicious.  The S&S Chicken was wonderful as well.  The S&S sauce that came with it was not laden with all that bright red food coloring.  Very tasty.   She also got an Egg Roll.  It was huge!  We had to split it.  Niiice.  And, even though you order and pick your food up at a counter, the service was great.  I ordered a Chicken Lo Main to go for my son and she asked me if I wanted them to wait a bit before they cooked it.  I like that!  That tells me that they care about our experience after I pay them!!  A plus!  We've passed this place up numerous times.  Not any more.  We'll be back!
3	Still good but I tried the Chicken Fried Rice.  Don't bother.  The chicken was tasteless.  All they did was steam it.  The seasoning was all in the rice.  Disappointing.  I thought fried rice was an industry standard.
4	My husband and I came in Saturday night to dine in. (Can't say that's a very popular option, but I was starving)While we were waiting, we were given complimentary crab rangoon.  So nice.  The restaurant is owned by a couple who are incredibly kind.  It made me all warm and fuzzy being customers at such a lovely family establishment. The crab rangoon was piping hot and filled with cheesy, crab goodness.The hot and sour soup was incredibly substantial with tons of veggies and delicious broth. It was extra thick and perfect on a cold and windy day.My entree was shrimp and chicken lo mein which I totes recommend.  The shrimp was not overcooked and the noodes were packed again with tons of veggies.   People are nice.Prices are good.Food is huge, and tasty.If I didn't live on the West side, I'd be here every week.
4	Best Chinese take-out in town. They have the best pork egg rolls I've ever had. The woman who answers the phone and works the counter doesn't speak English very well and yells a lot but I'm willing to put up with that considering their food is so good.
3	Pretty decent. But I think all Chinese in Madison is pretty decent. Nothing has truly blown me away, this place included. While staff is nice and carryout is quick, food I ordered (veggie fried rice and Mongolian chicken) just didn't have much flavor. Like at all. The menu is extensive, though, and maybe I need to head back there to try more of it? They make a big claim that if you don't see it on their menu they'll find a way to make it, however that didn't hold true when I asked about Cantonese pan fried noodles... an item that seems near impossible to find in this town.
2	Although the staff was friendly and the language was not a barrier for me as it was for others, the food I got was not very good. After I ordered the General Tso's Chicken, the woman turned on the fryer and, without waiting for the oil to heat up, she put in the chicken and my crab rangoon. Therefore, when I ate the food it wasn't crispy as a good General Tso's/crab rangoon  should be. Another thing that I noticed was that the chicken that she put in the fryer was sitting on the counter in the heat. *note: she hadn't fried any in quite some time which is why she had to turn the fryer on. The person that said the food was too sweet was right. Even though the menu said *spicy for my meal, there was no "zip" at all. Take it for what it's worth, but I know I will be looking for another restaurant to get my take out from now on.
4	This place is great. If you live on the east side do yourself a favor and get the happy family, lo mein, and fried pork wontons (wontons are a must!!)I was a little thrown off when I first moved to the east side of Madison and drove past this place. It doesn't have much curb appeal but  I decided to go in to check it out anyways, the pictures inside were nice and the people are friendly and the lady even gave me free wontons since it was my first time, so it was a win win win!Call ahead as they state on their website that they appreciate it if you do.
5	Best take out Chinese in East Madison.  Food is always fresh and well cooked.  Sometimes you have to make sure they didn't forget the rice - mainly when the woman who typically works the front counter is not there.  I have always found the service to be friendly.  Periodically, I have  even received free chicken dumplings or a soda.  By far the best Moo Shu I have found in Madison after living here for 15 years and trying several of the more upscale places in town.FYI, there is a small seating area here but it is mainly a takeout place.
4	Best Chinese in town.  Yeah, I know, Madison is short on good Chinese.  However, this place has good prices, decent food and great service.1 - Great customer service.  I put that first because it is difficult to find at carry out places.  2 - I had the steamed dumplings as my appetizer.  Delicious! HOT (temperature)! and very satisfying.  They are large in size and 8 in an order for $5.99.3 - For our entree we ordered Chicken Lo Mein and Combo of General Tsao's chicken which came with a pork eggroll.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  The Lo Mein was hot and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  Nothing was over done.  The General's chicken came with pork fried rice.  You could tell everything was fresh.  It had great flavor. The Flaming Wok was not anything new, but it was good quality.  The food was hot and delicious.  It was a fair price and the counter guy threw in some extra goodies.  Not to mention, after a long Target trip, you can call and your food will be ready in 15 minutes.
1	Easily the worst Chinese food that I've eaten. And I've eaten my fair share, trust me.Our General Tso's Chicken was terrible. Very bland and overcooked. The flavor was also very strange, and tasted like ketchup. Just terrible.The crab rangoon weren't much better. As I watched an employee take the frozen rangoon from the freezer and dump them into the deep fryer, I didn't have very high expectations, but wow. Mushy and weird-tasting.The interior of this joint is also disgusting. Wallpaper is peeling off the walls, and in general it looked filthy.Customer service was also really bad. When I finally got my food and said said my goodbye, the woman at the counter didn't even acknowledge me and went back to watching TV behind the counter. I completely understand the language barrier, but the 2 employees working weren't even trying.The price I paid for the food was also way too high, considering the very low quality of my meal.We stopped in around 6 pm and it was completely dead. I am really puzzled why this place is still open.Avoid.
