5	I searched for a long time to find a barber that could cut hair the way I want it. About 2 years ago a guy I work with told me about Andy at Lynn's and he has been cutting my hair ever since. Excellent haicut and good conversation, reasonable price. Highly recommended.
5	I just moved to the neighborhood and needed to get my mani/pedi! I called Lynn's and they were able to get me in right away. Lanny did my nails, I got a gel mani and it's the best I've ever had. I got a normal color and glitter so it was $25, very cheap! Lee did my toes, I got the spa pedicure with french tips and it was only $23. They were so nice and attentive. I can't wait to go back. They do only have two pedicure chairs and one manicure chair so I would suggest making appointment but they can definitely squeeze in a walk-in.
5	This nail salon is excellent. I called minutes before I walked in and the guy was very nice and encouraging. The service was quick, yet thorough. I got a regular manicure plus a design and the total was 15$, being that the design was 5$ extra which is pretty cheap. I definitely recommend this place.
5	This is my new spot! By far a hidden gem. Got a gel manicure with a design that I requested and they executed it flawlessly!! Mom and daughter operation I believe. Julia the mother prepped my nails and removed all my cuticles!! She took her time and her daughter Lanley (I might be wrong on the names) did the polish and design so well! I showed her a pic and she hadn't done the half moon trend before but nailed it. I am so obsessed with my nails and I will be a forever client. Total cost 25 bucks! 20 for gel manicure and 5 for design, been looking for a spot like this in town! Affordable and flawless thank you ladies!
4	Julie did my manicure.  She was very nice and helpful.  Even though I was a walk in on a very busy day I did not have to wait too long.  She did a nice hand rub too.  The price was very reasonable.  I paid $20 for a manicure with gel nail color.
5	I have really long hair and I always pay too much for a hair cut. Then I found Andy. He rocks my hair and I'm out of there in 20 minutes for $20. Go there, now!
5	Great job to the nail tech!!! She took her time and have attention to detail, which was very appreciated.   Great atmosphere, free hot stone massage, great prices.
5	My wife and I usually go to Hung's Hair Design in Mesa @ The Mekong Plaza.  Today, because we went for breakfast at Lee's Sandwiches (next door), my wife decided to get her hair done at Lynn's Salon instead.   My wife was pleasantly surprised about the level of service the hair stylist, named Andy, provided.  She says that he was very efficient, very friendly, and he did a good job.  She was even surprised when she found the price was even lower then where she normally would go.  My wife is a bit picky about who does her hair.  She has been told that her hair is not easy to style.  It is coarse compared to normal.  She however said the stylist did a good job.  He appears to have the experience to deal with hair that can be difficult.  Perhaps this place was recently acquired by a new owner.  My wife and I remember going to this place about two years ago, and basically not thinking about returning.  We now have a different view.  This place now appears to be a good place, and we wish them well.  WE will definitely recommend Andy if you need a hair cut.  He does a good job.
4	Had a blast herr the other day with my coworkers. The salin was clean anf eveykne was super friendly, will be coming back soon.
5	Great prices and great service. I came in for a gel manicure and pedicure, the staff helped me right away. The salon was clean and organized and I was really pleased with my nails. I will definitely be back.
5	I followed my fellow yelper's advice and tried this salon today. I went in on a Saturday afternoon and was sat right away for my mani pedi since there was no one else in the salon. I told Lanny that I only had an hour and a half and she got to work quickly. I declined the massage part of my pedicure since I was more concerned with my callus removal, which she took care of excellently. She was attentive and pays attention to details. Unfortunately they do not offer acrylics, since they do hair there as well, but since it's bad for your nails anyways I wasn't too upset. I settled for a gel manicure with a design I showed her from my pinterest page which Lanny executed perfectly! Also, I brought my 4 year old daughter which can be a headache at times but the girls were patient with her and even painted her nails as well! I was in and out well within my time frame and happy with my results as well as the service. I will definitely be back again!
5	Great salon. It did not have that horrible smell like most nail places. The lady took her time.  I got a French tip mani and pedi. I love them. They are so nice. I will be back to this place.
5	This is my second time coming. My first gel manicure lasted 3 weeks and I use my hands a lot. The lady was also able to save my thumb nail, it breaks really high up on one side, it is great and you can hardly tell. She takes such pride in her work. I drive all the way from north Phoenix to come here. I have never had a manicure this good.
5	I've been to a lot of nail shops and this by far is my new place!! It's small but the lady who has done my nails the last couple of times is great! Great prices for gel too! My nails have never looked better  gel manicure, regular pedicure (they do hot stone at the end) and eye wax cost only $45!! That's a steal! Highly recommend this place.
5	I came to this place last minute on Christmas Eve and had Andy cut my hair. I showed him a photo for like 5 seconds and he went to work. I was kinda worried because my hair was really thick, and most people just end up making it choppy because they don't know how to cut Asian hair. Andy cut my hair AMAZING!!! It had PERFECT layers and everyone has been complementing my hair ever since. It's so soft and doesn't get tangled anymore. I've never been so obsessed with my hair. I definitely recommend going to this place.
