2	I thought I would order from this Lino's because the Linos on Ann road is pretty good.  We ordered 2 pizzas and wings.  It took an hour and 15 minutes for delivery...whatever.The crust was okay on the pizzas not thin...not thick. The problem lay within the toppings.  No taste cheese and that rounded fluffy no flavor sausage.  That is the super cheap frozen food section supermarket sausage..... When I order sausage on my pizza I am wanting Italian sausage.  That isn't asking for much is it?Summary; slow delivery. okay crust, bland cheese, poor sausage, average prices.  I will not order from here again.
2	My dad liked his spaghetti & meaTballs, but I thought the texture looked like dog food, not beef.  My lasagna was lacking not only meat in the meat sauce but flavor.  Server was fine but not eapecially cheery.  Not likely to go back, it's more than 5mi from my house.  Ranch on the salad wa good, but I'm not a fan of shredded lettuce salad.  They honor military and senior discount.
1	The food that I tried was actually pretty good although a bit on the pricey side.  The fact that the food was okay gets the place a star.. Service is horrible. Extremely rude on the phones.. Takes over an hour for delivery even if you live down the street and don't have a large order. They FORGOT some of my food, and when I called about it she said that they were "too busy" to bring it to me and that I could have a credit. I didn't want a credit, my family was hungry then not some day in the future!I PAID for food and a delivery fee that they refused to bring me! patrons beware!
2	Ordered pizza and salad for takeout on the way home from work.  Pizza was very thin which I loved, but the cheese wasn't tasty and the veggies were just blah. The salads were gross.  The tomatoes looked like they had just been recovered from the dumpster.  Man, I miss good pizza in Las Vegas.  Where are you?!
4	We went to Lino's first time (Valley and Craig) last night. The service was iffy but not too slow. Only one person serving and answering the phone. The food was good Italian. We will go back. The pizza's looked good with the thin crust I like. My shrimp and Linguini great. Shrimp were large and garlic cream sauce was delicious. Calazone was good, cheese inside with the meat and veggies tasty.  For a small strip mall place it was several steps above fast food. VERY casual. Can only seat 20 plus.
2	Check your bags before you leave, they like to forget things. They also charge extra to use your own credit or debit card. Foods not very good, took better part of an hour to get my order - even though I phoned it in. I tried it, Im done and wont go back.
1	I have been coming here for about 7 years, loved their pastrami sandwiches. After owners changed a few years back, the quality of food changed as well. I went there yesterday with my sister to have a sandwich and when it came time to pay, we handed the waitress the $20 gift certificate that I bought there back in January for my sister's birthday. The waitress informed me that the Owner would not allow us to use it, as they don't do gift certificates! Now, I had the cert in hand, with their check tablet receipt and their writing. We asked for the owner to come out and he proceeded to yell at me and argue for a good 5 minutes as to why he wont accept it. He even asked who gave it to me and what was her name, as if I remember from January! I told him whatever empoyee he had at that time! I asked him where my $20 went then in January? He kept saying they dont do certificates. I asked him if I then had gone behind the register to write myself my own gift certificate from his restaurant back in January? He still argued with me then told his waitress to tell us he would call the cops if we didnt pay the full bill. So my sister got her phone out and started dialing and the waitress came back out to us and said he'd finally "agreed" to let us use it. Keep in mind, we ONLY had 2 pastrami sandwiches and 2 sodas and the bill was $32!! Service was horrible and it's wayyy too pricey for just 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks. We will NOT go back after getting this treatment from the Owner no less! They've lost some long time customers and they dont even care.
1	My sis and I have been coming here for several years, before they changed ownership. They USED to be awesome. Now, the food is mediocre at best, it is way too pricey now and as of today, we will NEVER come back again. My sis had purchased a gift cert for me for my birthday back in January. When we went there for lunch today and tried to use it, the manager refused to accept it. He said they don't offer gift cert's. Well, one of his employee's obviously sold one and we had every right to use it. There is no expiration date on it, no limitations, and it clearly shows that $20 was paid. He still not only refused, but started arguing and then YELLING at my sister. I couldn't believe it. To top it off, he threatened to call the police!!! I handed him my phone and told him to go ahead, but he eventually changed his mind, stopped his yelling and accepted the gift cert. I have never seen any customer anywhere treated so horribly. I was completely blown away. And I can say that we have had our last pastrami sandwich from there.....EVER. This man does not deserve to be in business.And let's not forget about the waitress.  Even tho she was much more pleasant than the manager, she was quite sneaky and we were not happy with that at all.  We asked how much it would cost for extra meat on our sandwiches and she told us 50 cents, so we ordered it.  We also asked for the dressing that USED to come with the sandwiches.  When we get the bill, we see it's $3.00 for the extra meat....per sandwich!!!  And $1.25 for the dressing....per sandwich!!!  She never came to us and told us this before adding it to the bill.  She just did it.  And then, during the gift cert fiasco, she tried to calm the situation by saying she will take care of the gift cert and charge my sisters credit card for the remaining balance, nearly $12 (that's right, $32 for 2 sandwiches and 2 sodas!!!)  She came back and had charged the FULL $32 to my sisters card, saying she wasn't able to close the ticket unless she charged the full amount.  She didn't come back and tell us this BEFORE charging that amount, she just did it!!!!  This place is just awful and we will NEVER EVER return, and we are making sure that ALL our friends and family, and their friends and so on, know how horrible this place is!!!!
4	I am a huge fan of mom and pop places and this place is definately that. The dining area is small probably only 6-8 tables. The staff is friendly and attentative. The owner will often come out and inquire about the meal. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. I have had several of the baked pasta dishes and am impressed because there is always a thick layer of hot bubbling cheese on top. The pasta dishes are served with a large basket of garlic bread that has a great flavor and is super crispy. I have never eaten the pizza, but it always smells super good.
4	Hands down best pizza in North Las Vegas. They don't skimp on toppings and the mozzarella cheese is always piping hot and delicious. It's hard not to get burned impatiently waiting for your pizza slice to cool down. I love Lino's.
4	The Lino's special pizza is to DIE for!  Salads are good.  We order from here for lunch all the time. Delivery is timely, though we can never figure out if the tip is already included (each driver seems to say something different).  When I order, sometimes the guy answers that always calls me baby.  If you can look over that, the ordering is fine.  Every once in a while they get an order wrong.Overall, great experience and decent lunch specials.  The subs are good too!!!
5	Great Food and customer service. Plus they have the real chicken fingers not that popcorn chicken junk.
4	Cute, small restaurant. Our waitress was friendly and efficient. Food was pretty decent, although my Carbonara tasted a bit like Alfredo sauce.  I'll definitely eat here again!
1	Omg. I ordered an xl Hawaiian Pizza. Delivery was fast. I opened the pizza box and saw the thinnest pizza I ever saw in my life. There were 11 pieces of sliced ham, not Canadian bacon on it. There were 14 small chunks of pineapple.  Skimpy. The pizza was  floppy. I will never ever order from here again. I will go to sams club. Blaaaaaaah.
2	After being invited here several times by a friend I finally toke him up on his offer.Ordered a combo pizza and wings and a dinner salad, it was ok.Service was great, I believe her name was Cori, and she was on top of our refills and kept us happy our whole visit.
3	Well the delivery was very fast. The delivery  man was about 15 minutes early. He was very nice and professional. However I had asked 2 slices of pizza to be plain cheese with the rest of the pizza to have the 2 toppings and they did not get that right I am afraid. Overall, the pizza did not taste great so I will not use their services in the future.
1	This place did not meet my expectations at all! This is not authentic Italian food. I didn't try the pizza, but I had the shrimp fettuccine Alfredo and penne al vodka. Was horrible! The price was way too expensive for what I got. As I was eating the only thoughts I had were I got taken for $37.75. I will never be back, its not authentic. I could've boiled some noodles and got a jar of alfredo sauce myself!
5	Ordered Italian pizza and lino's calzone. The delivery was surprisingly fast and the pizza was hot and yummy. Reasonable price for pizza. Gonna order more from these guys.
5	What can I say. Fast delivery. Traditional Italian pizza. Always fresh and yammy!!!!!
1	Walked in yesterday hopeful to try some delicious authentic Italian food. My bf and I ordered calamari as an appetizer it was okay. The marinara sauce was good. I ordered the shrimp fettuccini. It was flavorless and bland. The Alfredo sauce tasted like milk! My bf ordered the lasagna that tasted okay nothing special. Too overpriced for what we got. I'm going back to Olive Garden.
5	Great place for a family lunch/dinner...fast and friendly customer service..thin crust pizza just the way i like it...huge fan of their pasta made to the order and not just microwaved like most pizza places do...ill definitely come back again and reccomend to all of my friends!! 5 stars for sure!!
1	Terrible experience. The girl who took the phone order was wonderful, the delivery guy was fast. But I paid 22 dollars plus a 6 dollar tip for 1 pasta entree... It was the linguini imperial and it was cold with no sauce... Literally it was obviously clams that have been cooked from a frozen state on top of linguini with 3 shrimp. No sauce, I had to reheat and season despite the quick delivery. Called, didn't want my money back just a credit. (It was my first and now my last time here.) Spoke to a manager who was also the disgruntled cook- he said he was unwilling to do anything for me. People with no customer service have no business managing a restaurant. Made both of his other two employees null and void. It didn't matter how nice they were, he ruined it.
3	I have ordered from here a lot. Their imperial pasta used to be a lot better and they have started skimping on the seafood which at a pricy dish, should be more. The garlic bread isn't made with much care. The carrot cake comes to you frozen and their delivery driver is reasonably nice. I got the calamari once and it was very salty. When I called the restaurant back (which I never do) and alerted them to it, the lady was very rude and said there was nothing she could do about it. For an ok overpriced place I'd say order from here. Have never tried their pizza though.
4	I love ordering from this place!  They are so prompt to deliver and the pizza is always piping hot.The only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is because of some of their portions. Cold subs never have much on them. ... just lots of bread. And they could definitely be more generous with the pizza toppings. Very sparse as is.Other than that, very tasty, very friendly, and will continue to order from them.
2	I ordered delivery from this place cause I was craving Italian.  I ordered my usual which is eggplant Parmesan.  It was $12 and I was so disappointed when i took a look at it.  The dinner came with spaghetti which took up more than half the plate.  My eggplant Parmesan was so minuscule!  The spaghetti itself was bland and mediocre.  Wish I got Chinese delivered instead.
5	I order from this place so much when I tell them my number they know my name lol but the chicken wings nd finger are the best I'm addicted to lino's shoutout to Patrick everybody go eat here nd check it out or place a deliver order they always on time from your friend anthony
1	Horrible service and DIRTY!!! Only 1 other person there..a sure sign. Service was DIRTY! Read other reviews including from past employees! This place is a health hazard! If that doesn't entice you...the "pleasant" attitude of the disgruntled little elf that seems to be the owner will no doubt amuze you.
5	I'm ordering from Linos on Graig all the time. Jammy always really nice to me! Delivery is really fast and food is fresh out of oven! I'm waiting for my ultimate seafood right now!
5	We love this place. The food is always great. We usually order the 2 slice special and chef salads. The pizzas are always hot and the salads fresh when we get them. Patrick always make me laugh when I call in my order and it's always a good experience. I would have added pictures except everybody was already digging in before I had a chance.
5	Great service always on time I love the chicken wings
5	Always delicious pizza delivered. Never have any issues with my order and always great customer service from young lady on the phone who takes my order. Italian pizza and cannoli was delicious tonight.
2	Took over an hour to receive my order but not before mixing my order up and asking someone other than myself to use my card for their order. Forgot my soda also. Fries were overdone, i do believe they were old and refried. They did bring my soda which magically turned into a flat watered down dr pepper...The wings were ok I must say but Def my last time ordering Never again
5	Hands down the best cheese calzone I have ever had!  Small was actually a single (plus dogs) serving.  Cheeses were blended with just a touch of sauce.  Dough was light and flaky. Delicious!
5	My family and I frequent Lino's at least twice a week; We Love the homemade pasta sauces and pizza dough. My mom and I like to order the specialty pastas because they are fresh and made to order. The staff is very friendly and upbeat and are always willing to help when it comes to the hard dession of what to eat off their menu of abundant choices. I am never at a loss when it comes to where I am ordering from on Sunday for game day... With their pizza and wing special...
2	If I had use one word to describe Lino's I'd say overpriced. My experiences with Lino's was ordering a Lino special pizza , Chicken parmigiano sub , Chicken picatte , Lino's calzon and two meatballs on side. The dough on the pizza was hard like a rock , the sauce was flavorless but the toppings were seasoned correctly and in good amounts. The sub was typical but really dry. The chicken picatte tasted like spaghetti with water. The calzon was typical but really small for 11$. The Meatballs were the right size and had just the right amount of seasoning on them. Overall their food was mediocre and overpriced. As for the customer service  , it was friendly , they took care of my order with no problems and delivery was about the right time on arrival 40min.
5	I can't believe I waited so long to try this amazing place! This is in my opinion the best pizza in the city! I'm Italian and I moved to Las Vegas 8 years ago. It has been a constant struggle to find a decent pizza in this city. I can say I've tried all the most popular places and always left disappointed.While tonight I was so happy and satisfied with my choice!First of all the ingredients are fresh and top quality. Mozzarella and tomato sauce are delicious and don't taste like usual Vegas stuff.The dough is great, crust is thin without being too thin.I'm really excited I found this place!The delivery was in time !
5	This place is bomba, gotta try the lino's calzone, well done. Make sure to try the house ranch. The Greek pizza well done, thin crust is also really good.
