2	I was here once before and did not like the service. This time I was helped as soon as I walked in. I was in and I was out.
5	In and out in 5 mins.  Greeted immediately when I walked in the store.  Shipped a package and was on my way out when their book rack caught my eye.  Found a great book to read.  Yay!  I will definitely come back again.  They do copies and printing too.   Even have cards on a rack just in case you need to send a birthday card to someone.
5	Went in to get my holiday letter printed since my printer is on the fritz.  Erika was awesome-friendly and prompt.  I was amazed that no one else was in there at 10am just before the holidays!  There were also printers and computers available for self service if you'd rather do it yourself.  I plan to take my shipping there as well, I didn't realize how competitive the pricing is and the post office is just a nightmare right now.  So glad I found them!!!!
5	Great people here. They are so helpful when it comes to all the questions I had to create flyers for a yard sale I was having! I really appreciated the help a lot!
3	I didn't even know this place was here, wife had to tell me about it. Had to ship out a pre-labeled package. When I walked in, there were about three people in front of me. Within 5 minutes there were four people in back of me. I could tell the lady working there was getting frustrated. She was the only one there? Everyone was patient and knew she was under pressure. But management really needs to add more workers. She really did her best,My experience wasn't that bad, and would use again.
4	Got to make it here at 3pm to get your stuff overnighted. I am starting to get used to coming here. The guys and gals are great. Just be patient when in line and you will be helped. That's all there is to it. Having an account helps too. If you miss I overnight deadline take Bell to 83rd.  Fedex deadline there is later. I don't work there but you can always ask.
4	I got business cards printed here. They had them done within 3 hours with good quality, just a bit pricey.
