5	Las Vegas's 420 Headquarters.I visited here on a TwitterHunt put on by @SlightlyStoopid & @Snoopdogg to promote their @BlazedConfused Tour coming to Primm 7/10.They planted 2 Custom @SlightlyStoopid Chameleon Bowls at this location tweeted it and gave a few clues.I was 1st on the scene!! When I arrived the door was locked with a sign saying "Be back in 5".I didn't have to wait long the guy was right there & asked what I was looking for!!"ESE Locos"I'm Blazed & Confused ! That was the password to claim the PRIZE!! He told me I won and could pick whichever one I wanted & then he called the band and they congratulated me & invited me to the show.I love winning FREE stuff! What a week on Twitter. Tickets to:Hoobastank, Blue October,B52's,$75 GC Famous Dave's,Chester Bennington Tix and NOW ......Ace's High! Friendly service with a great selection and reasonable prices-I'll definitely be back. They also have a location on Maryland Pkwy-Check them out.
5	Very knowledgeable proprietor and huge selection!  A pleasure to visit and browse here...
5	Weird, I could have sworn a review for them. This is right next to Whole Foods so the BF and I popped in before groceries. We came in to get some screens for our SSV's whip, but got talking to the guy about vaporizers in general. A bit of a impulse buy at a great deal we ended up coming out there with a Magic Flight vaporizer and our screens (given gratis). It was nice to talk vaporizers with someone and he gave us some valuable information in the care of them. We didn't know one of ours was running on the wrong type of butane which causes it's clogging and he offered for us to bring ours in and he can check it out and flush it. That's some really good service. I cannot remember the guys name, but he works there on weekends.
5	Stopped in today to check out their portable vape selection while limited it is only stocked with premium products based on what their customers have requested, was blown away with their glass selections. The staff was extremely nice and knowledgable, feel bad I didn't make a purchase, will definitely come back when I'm ready to buy and will refer others.
1	I'm never going back. One night rolling papers are 2 then the next day the papers are 2.50. They have a 10 dollar minimum but sell tons of papers and other small items. Some dude smoking in the back. Then you take a look at the prices on glass and they are through the roof. Go to still smoking. It's worth the trip.
4	Great artwork and variety
5	I have been here a few times now, and I have to say, they have best quality selection around. The staff is great. Very friendly and knowledgable. The last time my boyfriend and I were in, we spoke to the owner's father, who was working the counter. He sold us a great glass piece and educated us about the quality of the materials and the manufacturer. When we decided to make the purchase, he threw in some high-quality cleaner I was not familiar with, but now swear by. Seriously, I highly recommend! Thanks, Aces High!
