5	Authentic- Delicious Italian Food.If you make it out to Cave Creek, this is the place to eat.  It's kinda tucked away so you have to plan to eat there to find it.My father is an Italian Italian- you know from Italy and he really enjoys this restuarant.  As do I, but I am a bit Americanized.  The pasta is made perfectly al dente- how does he do it? I don't know.  I just eat it.
2	It started out great, then went downhill very quickly! We went early on a Sat. night and were the first ones there. Got great service until other people showed up. We told them we are local residents lookng for a good Italian restaurant to frequent, but got ignored. Food was ok. Had a seafood risotto and was annoyed to have to shell my own crab (very messy with red sauce all over it). Coffee machine broken.
5	We have been going to Alberto's for over a year and my wife and I love it. It's one of our favorite places as we enjoy good authentic Italian food. I took a work colleague there last night and we started the vewing by having a prosciutto wood fired pizza. Call ahead and make sure Alberto keeps the oven on for you. Not starting your dining experience without sampling one his wood fired pizzas would be sacrilege.My wife ordered a pasta dish and I went for the Oso Bunco. It's one of the best I have ever had and done to perfection. We enjoyed a wonderful bottle of Barolo and shared a Tartuffo for desert. This is as real as it gets. The restaurant is owned and operated by Alberto who is from the old country. Next time in Cave Creek make sure to stop by and try it. Tell him Ed @ Anna sent you.
1	FYI Went there last night-1/22/2010---it was closed---I assume Alberto's is no longer.
5	This is a great place well worth the drive from downtown Scottsdale.  Its a little hard to find as its in a strip mall with a few small businesses, but the authentic Italian fare is worth the trouble and the money!  On most nights you will even be greeted by Alberto himself or he will drop by your table sometime during the meal.The food is fantastic.  My family and I went here twice on our 10 day trip to Scottsdale and enjoyed everything we tried. Most of our party ordered the house chianti, and Alberto offered a different variety of chianti that was a higher quality for the same price.  That kind of service isn't something you would find at most other restaurants.The first time we went we started with the bruschetta. The tomatoes were fresh and the white vinegar, garlic and spice marinade was delicious.  For the entree I got one of the nightly specials which was beef braciole served with my choice of pasta(rigatoni and red sauce). The beef was tender and flavorful and the homemade red sauce was so good I had to stop myself from licking the plate when I was finished. My other family members had the chicken parmigiana and the other specialty which was spinach and ricotta ravioli.  All of these meals were tasty, the only complaint was the ravioli was a rather small portion.  Though I'm not a dessert eater myself the mmms and ahhs that came out of my family's mouths when they devoured the cannoli and tiramisu meant they were a winner.  The second time we went we had the Cesar salad and wood fired pizza which were up to the same standards as the first time.  All in all this place is a winner.
4	Alberto was so cute!  He cheerily greeted us and showed us to the bar.  We ordered the bruschetta with wine while we waited for our to-go order to be prepared.  Alberto visited with us briefly to ensure we enjoyed our bruschetta - and we loved our appetizer!  YUM!  Fresh, fresh, fresh tomatoes and bursting with flavor!  It was fun just being a part of the experience at Alberto's!.Try the desserts!
5	First off, if you don't have Italian friends to cook you real Italian food, look no further. Alberto is accepting new mouths-to-feed applications. I am lucky because my Mr. is Italian and "Wow's" me on a regular basis with his cooking.Location: You can see it from the main road, can't remember if you can access it from each direction in the road. Parking a plenty.Staff: Alberto himself and Susan, a mother with grown kids who just needed to get out of the house and move around. Both were exceptional. Cocktail: when I ordered my martini "filthy" it's exactly how it came, made by Alberto himself. Wine: We asked Alberto for a recommendation, he produced a bottle of vintage 2000 Italian red wine, sorry, can't remember the name. He was so proud of it and happy to share. He had just purchased the wine and it wasn't even on the list yet. It went perfectly with every bite!Appetizer: We just ordered a caprese (sp?) salad which was fabulous. They make their own dressings!Entree: I ordered shrimp pasta with white wine sauce. One bite into it my eyes rolled into the back of my head. It was the. most. incredible. pasta. ever. The pasta noodles are indescribably delicious. They tasted really pasta-y and were perfectly al dente. The shrimp tasted so fresh and the wine sauce was the perfect compliment.I will definitely be back as soon as humanly possible and you should too.
5	This was a great restaurant.  Thanks Yelpers for the suggestion.  Not a fancy place, but the food is awesome.
4	My family and I are in town visiting, and we happened to find Albertos. It was the best dinner any of us had in a long time. Authentic Italian, friendly service, keen attention to detail.
3	After so many great reviews, who could NOT try this place, right?Meh.  That's about my review of Albertos.The food was really average, while being high priced for the portion size and taste.  Yes - the pasta was cooked perfectly, but the rest of the meal was (again) meh.We had the antipasto, and while good, was nothing spectacular.The bread was great ,and so was the pesto olive oil for dipping.  Good thing I'm a carb addict...The marinara sauce is more the orange-y kind, rather than really red, robust sauce like you find back East.  I had the braciole, and while most everywhere else in the world this translates to a stuffed beef roll, this was not stuffed.  Think tough, rolled, thin beef.  It was like carpeting.Cannoli is not made with ricotta (what??), tasted more like mascarpone.  And there was no shortage of rum in the tiramisu.  None at all. Overall, it was OK, but I don't see myself going back.
4	The food was amazing! Service was great!  The chicken Marsala was everything that I was looking for. Eating there felt like eating at your Italian grandma's house. We will be going back often.
4	Alberto is one of the most gracious restaurant owners I've had the luck to meet. You can truly taste the love in his cuisine, that is made from scratch daily. The setting is casual, but don't let that fool you. Everything from the appetizers, salads, pasta dishes, pizza and desserts are first rate.Alberto likes to share stories with customers and is very entertainingDon't be fooled by the casual setting, this is Italian food at its best and is as good as it gets.
4	What apeals to me about Alberto's is it's non-prententious ambiance.  The checker board tablecloths and mis-matched italian plates really gives the feeling of a true Country Italian eatery.  The decorations are reflective of the food; uncomplicated and simple. if you want good food, and love discovering hidden gems, this is for you.If you are looking for fancy, this isn't for you.
5	My wife and I have been going to Alberto's for years.  We always have a wonderful time here, have tried almost everything on the menu at one time or another and never had a disappointing meal.   The food is very authentic, homemade Italian food.  Alberto is from Rome and knows what he is doing in the kitchen and he is always so pleasant to talk to.  He is also excellent with wine and I don't even look at the wine list anymore, I just ask him to surprise me and he always brings an excellent bottle for a fair price.  Some people say the service is a little slow, but even so, that too is authentico Italiano.  And why hurry when you are having such good food and vino?  Relax, la dolce far niente.
5	Alberto's = Best Italian food I've had in ages (besides my Dad's, love you!). One of the great things about Italian food is the love and quality ingredients that the cook puts into the meals. This cuisine was not created by those fancy smanshy chefs that primarily focus on presentation, nope, homeslice, it's all grandma and the passing down of recipes!  You will get Quality and Authentic Italian food here at Alberto's and he makes sure you are enjoying what you are eating by frequenting your table at some point during each course. I love the casualness and homey feel of Alberto's. The mismatched Italian plates really make you feel like you are in someone's kitchen with the bonus of having very friendly and efficient staff waiting on you. Based on Yelper's suggestion, we started with the Bruschetta and Caesar salad. The Bruschetta was good, the homemade sourdough bread was awesome, but I would have added a few more ingredients like I do at home to the tomato mixture, but hey, I'm Italian and therefore overly critical of this cuisine, but I would still order it again! The Caesar salad was so amazingly scrumptious that I pulled out my phone and wrote a quick tip without realizing it! I know, right? So rude, but I had to share that moment with my fellow Yelpers and thank God my date found it amusing.  I loved all the parmesan on it! Finally someone that will used adequate amounts of this cheese, everywhere else skimps on it!For my main entree I ordered the eggplant parmigian. Again, thank you Alberto for using delicious cheese and only offering eggplant when its in season because that dish, my friend, was so fresh and tasty!I love, LOVE cannolis and almost gave my date a dead-arm when I punched him to point out that they were on the menu. Needless to say he knew what I wanted to order for dessert... Anyhoo, this was my only buzzkill of the restaurant. My ideal cannolis are plain and simple, ricotta and semisweet chocolate bits, done. Alberto's, well not so simple. He uses mascarpone, with an orange flavor, a few citrus pieces and cherries. The shell of the cannoli (not the filling!) was flavored with cinnamon which was a nice touch, but the citrus pieces and orange flavoring  was an "awe, man" bummer moment. But, I am now over it and still in love with Alberto and his restaurant...you need to check it out if you are in Cave Creek and want REAL Italian food!
4	It's nice when Plan B turns out better than Plan A would have been had it not failed so miserably.  Thanks to Yelp, we did not leave Cave Creek hungry (then again, we never leave anywhere hungry), but we did leave happy.I love the homey feeling this little gem offers.  Alberto himself greets his guests, takes orders, and serves us as if we are family.  Well, maybe not my family, but someone else's much warmer and friendlier family.We quickly devoured the fresh bread and dipping oil, moving on to delicious Caesar salads.  How I love a well-dressed salad.  After seeing one too many episodes of Hell's Kitchen, my husband opted for risotto.  No need to settle on what's offered on the menu, as they will prepare it any way you'd like.  Alberto suggested a seafood risotto with a spicy tomato sauce.  This was perfection with ample shrimp, lobster, scallops and mussels.  The tomato sauce was spicy, but not overpowering.  Alberto does offer one hand-made pasta, fettucini.  I opted for a simple dish of this pasta with fresh tomato and garlic.  The fettucini was perfect, but I found the dish a tad salty and the thickly sliced garlic was not cooked enough IMHO.  I enjoyed the meal, but the risotto was really the star of this show.For dessert, we shared a tart with fig jam.  Alberto's jams are hand-made as well.  Needless to say it was a mistake to share this dessert.  I wanted my own and will have it next time.  And there will be a next time.
5	Absolutely fabulous food and staff.  We will go again!
3	It is tough being a judge of Italian food when you have had homemade italian all your life.  After reading all the reviews, I was really excited to try this place since it is fairly close to my neighborhood.  Well, I was a little disappointed.  We had the margherita Pizza as an appetizer.  The crust was good, the sauce was tasty, but it had so much cheese the the center part of the crust was soggy.  Too much cheese does not make a great pizza.  The amount of cheese was excessive.  I had the Lasagna, uhm what can I say.  I know that he probably made it the night before or even that morning, but it should have been heated completely.  Have way through it I got a cold piece of riccotta, not good.  My husband had the gnocchi with pesto sauce.  My uncle Aldo is from Genoa, where Pesto is originally from.  The sauce was too rich with an excessive amount of cheese and cream.  I had two bites, didn't want more.  The dessert we ordered was the apple torte.  Not one of the best I've had.  It was almost like a cold apple pie with raisins and dry fruit.  Too bad.
5	Alberto's is definitely a hidden gem in Cave Creek.  Their pizza was one of the best I have ever eaten.  Their pasta and meat balls were also to die for.Alberto is from Rome and he knows Italian cuisine.  If you're looking for glamour and glitz, this is not the place.  If you want to have some amazing Italian cuisine at a restaurant that feels more like grandma's place in the country, then this is the place to go.
4	We were immediately greeted by Alberto when we walked in. The decor was casual and a bit quirky. My sister and I shared the seafood pizza and my fiance had the chicken parmesan.  I must say that my sister and I are both picky eaters and we both loved the pizza! Full of flavor and yet not so heavy. My fiance said the chicken parmesan was pounded thin and tasted really good. We ended with the tiramisu, which was full of rum! I wasn't a huge fan of the strong alcohol flavor, but that's just me. I would definitely go back
5	I'd almost give the place 5 stars even if the food was crap just b/c Alberto is so darn cute! My youngest (4) was insistent that she needed macaroni. Well, there wasn't a kid's menu. So, I told her we'd get pizza. When Alberto came to the table, she decided to ask him, "Do you have any macaroni?" He answered, "For you, yes!" She gave me the smuggest look ever.It seems like we had some of everything. The ravioli was super rich. But, really good. The margherita pizza was wonderful! We've gotten it "to go" a few times since b/c it's a lot better than Barro's. The only thing I didn't love was the cannoli. In terms of atmosphere, it's more refined than the cowboy restaurants in Cave Creek. But, still casual and comfortable enough that we could bring the kids.
4	Okay, picture yourself in a 1950s Italian restaurant. Terra cotta everywhere. Wooden chairs. Red checked linens. And even an authentic off-the-boat Italian owner, Alberto, who feels like a distant uncle who instantly greets you into his family.Stepping into Alberto's Italian Restaurant feels like a step back in time. No gimmicks. No pre-fab menus. Just serious genuine Italian. Warm homemade bread. Pasta that Alberto made earlier that morning. Sauce that could make your legs turn to water it is so good. There was a HUGE family party being held there the night we visited. Turns out it was someone's birthday and she said she couldn't have it anywhere else except Alberto's. Now that's saying something. There also was a small group - one of them was Italian (accent and all) and said that he was so happy to finally have true Italian food again. When we visited Italy several years ago, we thought, when are we going to have this wonderful food experience again? Thank you Alberto. You transported us back to the cobblestone streets of your youth.
4	First time... Well see how it is.this was a very nice restaurant. the owner himself comes out and talks to you. wasnt very busy the night we went. they try hard to get you what you want even if it isnt on the menu. i cant remember exaclty what i ordered but it was very good. my husband got a pizza it was very good as well. maybe we'll go back if we are ever in the area again.
5	There pizza is amazing and homemade Ordered take out and it was made in about 20 to 25 mins. Have never ate in the restaurant but when I went and picked up our food, they were so nice and friendly. The owner is a nice italian man.
2	The folks are very friendly and the service excellent but that's about it... We were so disappointed with the food.The bread is very crispy on the edges and didnt taste good. We ordered caprese for appetizer and couple of pizzas. The caprese had very less cheese on it, for 16 dollars, it was very disappointing.  The margherita pizza was dripping with olive oil, the crest was too crispy and there was so much cheese on the pizza. Very disappointed as we went after reading so many nice reviews. The price for the quality of food seemed exorbitant.  We definitely do not plan to go back.
4	We are from out of town and were staying at the Carefree Resort and Conference Center, so we wanted to find something local.  We found this restaurant and were pleasantly surprised by the experience.  Alberto greeted us and was so very sweet!  Although I didn't really enjoy my entree as much as I hoped (the sauce was delicious, though!), I loved how they have a "Christmas all year round" theme.  A Christmas Tree made of Italian wine bottles and Christmas music no matter what time of the year!  If you're ever in Carefree, AZ, go to Alberto Italian...you will not be disappointed!
5	This restaurant is amazing. The food was so fresh and the ambiance is lovely. We are going to be coming here all the time now. This is the best Italian restaurant in the Valley.
5	Alberto is one of the best I have ever experience!  The food, the service and special attention are all part of this experience.  The authentic Italian ingredients make for a delicious and outstanding menu.  Alberto is a master of greetings and authenticity.  The food presentation is wonderful and the wine is fantastic.  Melissa is a super server and makes you feel right at home.  If you are looking for a great authentic Italian meal and a great experience, this is the place to visit.
5	Really, one of the best Italian Restaurants in the Valley.  Alberto greets his guests, and everyone is made to feel like part of the family.  Alberto comes from Rome, and his dishes are made to reflect his Italian background.  The bread is made from his own recipe and made daily for his retaurant.  Extensive wine list, some rare Armanacs, Cognacs and other liquors to enjoy after dinner.  Expensive, but well worth it.  A real treat for those people who actually know good food and enjoy a family experience.
5	Purely authentic Italian restaurant.  Exceptional food!  Exceptional service!  Alberto watches every detail.  I have lived in Carefree for 14 years.  This is regrettably my first trip to this restaurant.  It won't be my last.
4	Upon entering the restaurant and for the remainder of our visit, one thing became crystal clear; Alberto, (Owner) will do everything and anything humanly possible to insure your experience is a good one. The service was flawless.The food?Well his bread is off the charts with its thick crust and chewy crumb. For that matter, so is his herb infused olive oil. The entrees on the other hand were just average or slightly above. An antipasti will cost you twelve dollars, but I don't recommend ordering one since it's ridiculously small and not enough to share with two average sized adults.The house wine,  a chianti, was delicious and priced-right at six dollars a glass.Both of us felt the entrees were overpriced, however, the service more than made up for it.Alberto will be our 'go to' Italian restaurant, but only for special occasions due to it being so pricey.
5	Perfect little family restaurant.  Not much to look at from the outside, hidden away in a little strip mall. But it's super cozy and authentic inside.  Alberto is usually there to greet us.  I didn't even like Italian food when my husband first brought me here. But I'm totally hooked on Alberto!  If you're in the area, seek this place out.
5	I've been going to Alberto's for years and have enjoyed every evening. Alberto is a great host, the service is a comfortable pace and the food delicious!
5	Went with friends at 6pm. We were first customers. By the time we left at 8, the restaurant was pretty full.Alberto is a fantastic host. I don't even need a menu....he steers me the right way from wine selection to salad and all. Bruschetta is to die for....so good. Must get it! He also brings over small sides like seasoned beans and bread with Berber olive oil. Tonight he had a jamon from Italy, so he rolled the leg to our table and sliced prosciutto table side. It was incredible. Some had Caesar salad, some had house salad. I can't tell what was better....Caesar is the best I've ever had. The specials each night are fantastic, so we all four went that way. He makes his own pasta and sauces fresh, so you can order off-menu. "Watcha you want?" And he makes it. Crazy good. My friend and I had the ravioli....she wanted a vodka sauce. He made it (ok, he even made a special ravioli that wasn't listed as a special....so he customized our entire entree). Hubs both had a sausage and broccoli dish with spaghetti in olive oil. Sounds weird, and it looked weird. But wow.....it tasted like heaven.
5	We arrived for dinner at 6 and were the second table seated. About 45 minutes later several parties of locals started arriving--always a sign of a good restaurant!  All of the food was great. We had the vegetable lasagne, seafood pasta, and Italian Sausage. Nicely seasoned and reasonable portion sizes (not too huge).  Ambiance was nice with Christmas music playing and Alberto joining in on some of the songs. :) very enjoyable meal.
5	A hidden gem in my own backyard!How in the world did I miss this place? I've been living on the border of Carefree & Scottsdale off Stagecoach (and I have the speeding tickets to prove it...LOL) since 2006 yet I never noticed Alberto's.  Today I was given the tip by friends from N.J. who appreciate good Italian food, and know as an Italian, how much I do too!Immediately my boyfriend and I drove over at 6:30pm on a Friday night. Since I am "directionally challenged" it did take a bit of backtracking on Tom Darlington Road (off Cave Creek Road) to actually find this place.  But it was SO WORTH IT!!!We walked in and were greeted by Alberto the owner, who as we come to find out, knows another Italian Chef friend of ours, Fabio. It's a small world in Italy.Ordered a glass of chianti and a wild mushroom pizza and artichoke salad. My partner ordered the chicken lasagna. VERDICT: delicious pizza with a nicely charred crust and the artichoke salad was the BEST I ever had.  The lasagna was very flavorful but not the typical layered look we've all come to know.NOTE TO CHEF FABIO: please drop off some of your homemade biscotti to Alberto. He's not a pastry chef and the perfect ending to this meal would have been homemade chocolate chip biscotti with almonds and pistachios. Instead we were served Nonni's brand in cellophane packages, which is not a way to end a meal. BOTTOM LINE: Love the atmosphere, love the food. Can't wait to try Alberto's veal scallopini!
5	From now on if I want Italian food, this is the only place I will go. AMAZING food and perfect service!
5	One of favorite places to eat in carefree/cave creek!  Caesar salad is a must try.  Always the most fresh ingredients used! Love this place Thank you Alberto for providing Such  fresh delicious food
4	Service: excellentFood: bruschetta was very good, but not really needed because they bring more than enough bread with dipping oil and a bean mixture. Caesar salad was ok... Eggplant Parm was the best I've ever had. My husband had spaghetti with Italian sausage. He liked it, but wasn't wowed. Keep in mind he is excited about McDonalds. The house red was a perfect compliment to the dinner. Atmosphere: reminds me of a corner Italian place in NYC. Like the movie Moonstruck. Price: what we expect for N. Scottsdale or Cave Creek. Reservations: may be a good idea on a weekend during the winter/spring months.
5	Amazing!  Everything was delicious, we had the wonderful bread with the "Italian beans", and both the Mushroom and Caesar salads.  For the main courses the lasagna, rigatoni matriciana and linguine vongole were all great.  Great experience, we will be back.
1	This is hands down the worst italian food in the state. My husband and I have to agree with Robins review. Our experience was horrible. Both our dishes were inedible. They tasted like frozen entrees. The meat was not fresh, the pasta was over cooked by ten minutes. It was pure mush! It was so embarrassing for this owner Alberto, we literally just felt sorry for him. They tried to tell us how good the food was. We don't argue with people. We left our food unfinished, paid our bill and ran the hell out. Will never ever recommend this dump. It's nothing but a cash grab. We don't get the other reviews. It's weird. I wish I didn't have to give even one star. HONESTLY,  I JUST DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU LOSE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY GOING TO THIS AWEFUL RESTAURANT.
5	The place was empty, Alberto said due to it being summer.  The food was amazing.  I had the vegetable soup and veal, both we're great.  My wife had eggplant which was the best she ever had.  We will be back.
5	I absolutely love this place. It's definitely a hidden gem! It's such a wonderful place to share a meal with friends and family. The food is incredible and the atmosphere is very authentic. The service is wonderful- definitely deserving of 5 stars. Perfect for family dinner, date nights or girls' night out :)
