5	Friendly and informative front desk staff, beautiful waiting space in the entryway, need a few details looked after like their too-dark elevators, but their conference washrooms were clean and the Jackie Robinson room was absolutely beautiful whether it be for a conference meeting or small wedding reception. Gorgeous view and window fixtures make it perfect for any time of day.
1	Terrible customer service -they care more about upholding their unethical corporate policy than their actual long-term, loyal, elite status paying customers.  Good luck if you ever accidentally book a room with their advanced rate and try to change it.  It doesn't matter if you change it within three days and 3 MONTHS prior to your stay  - they can care less. They will take your money and will hide behind their policy.   I'd go somewhere else.  I give them one star because I can't give them any less without a post.
1	Management at this hotel has a twisted view on customer service. Do not expect a good experience here. With so many options nearby, I recommend you skip and head somewhere you'll be appreciated.
4	My daughter and I stayed here on a sight-seeing weekend, and I was impressed. This hotel is on the edge of downtown, and within walking distance to both the Orange line and Green on Montreal's Metro. The hotel is pretty new, so the rooms look up-to-date and the pool/fitness area were clean.  The service we received from the front desk staff and the concierge staff was good.Our room did have a little bit of road noise, as it faced Boulevard Rene-Levesque, which can be quite busy in the afternoon and evening.  Things quieted down near bed time, and we didn't lose any sleep.  Still, the next time we stay there we will request a room facing the other side of the building.They have an indoor parking garage attached to the hotel (underground).  The rates were comparable to everything else in downtown Montreal
4	The rooms were very clean and cool when we walked in.The staff was very helpful and gave us great directions to our room.The big negative is the parking situation.  The hotel has no parking and you have to pay the garage behind the hotel to park.
2	I liked this hotel; the exterior is appealing to the eye and it stands out. The rooms were decent. We loved gym the gym; there was floor to ceiling windows and just very nice and spacious. The pool was tiny but the floor to ceiling windows make it pleasant. Rent a car if you're staying here; you will need it. It's not conveniently located.However, the customer service was terrible. First off, they had a security guard wearing his pants below his butt patroling the hallways all day long.  The issue isn't that he looked like a thug, it was his lack of professionalism.  On our first night there, we played music on the iPod dock that is provided in every room. He knocked on our door and told us to lower the music and told us that this was our "final warning". Um, since when is the first warning called a final warning?  He said, "you only get one warning".  Later that night, my brother left the room door slightly open to go get ice on the other side of the floor and the security guard came by again and told us that the door should always remain closed. This is absolutely ridiculous to me.After this incident, we were never greeted by the front desk folks and they never gave us good restaurant recommendations.  I'm not sure if it was meant to be a joke but they sent us to the crappiest lounge in all of Montreal. They need to re-train their staff here.
4	Wonderful staff, always helpful. Very clean rooms. Quiet. Good location. Nice gym. Free wi-fi
4	I visited recently on a business trip.  Service was friendly and efficient, and the rooms were very nice - this being a new hotel.  We arrived late, so ate in the hotel restaurant which was also good and reasonably priced.  Parking is available on-site.
4	If you love that new-hotel smell, the Courtyard Montreal Downtown is the hotel for you. Everything is shiny new, yet the employees are strangely seasoned and professional, so you don't have to worry about breaking in an inexperienced crew. Of course the rooms are spotlessly clean, but they're also big and bright and well designed, with a look that's modern, but not too chilly or sterile. In terms of location, you're 1 block from the exhibition center, 4 blocks from Notre Dame Basilica and a 15-minute walk from the Village.In a city where many of the big chains look dated and depressing (hello, Hyatt & Marriott), the Courtyard is a breath of fresh air. If you're not planning to stay in one of the expensive boutique hotels in Vieux-Montreal, do yourself a favor and pick the Courtyard.
2	My family and I stayed here for the long weekend during Labor Day. The exterior was  beautiful and clean, well decorated. The front desk and lobby gentlemen were nice and helpful.The room was comfortable and very clean, we had two queen size beds. The sheets were very clean and comfortable , the mattress very soft. The mini fridge wasn't working... Our bathroom didn't have a working fan which caused some serious humidity issues. The AC broke on the second night... Very hot and frustrating. At one point during the routine cleaning, they forgot to stock up the toilet paper-- we had to go chasing someone down about it! We informed them about the broken things and nothing was fixed. We were originally set to leave Monday but checked out a day early. They charged us for that day regardless and the parking was ridiculously overpriced. We called and spoke to management at how disappointed we were at the fact we were not attended to. They informed us the parking would be compensated and it was not.We were upset because we had high hopes and the location was prime. I think we were ripped off -- very frustrating. Something to consider if you plan to stay here -- your room might have broken things in it.
4	The room was great however they would not let us bring a $10,000 bike up to the room. They told up to lock it up in the bike rack in the garage. Every hotel we stayed in has let us store the bicycle in the room. Very disappointed. Otherwise great hotel. Location was perfect.
