4	A haven for suits and the theater crowd, Olive or Twist has a great selection of creative martinis for all drinkers- from a dirty martini to a sweet martini- you'll find what you want. I love the nuts'n'berries.They don't shy from new ideas either- a friend ordered a "tootsie roll" concoction she figured out (chocolate and orange liquor) and managed to have a delightful drinking experience. Food is all right, not a place I consider for a full meal (though I've done it). I suggest it for drink potential and perhaps some appetizers.
3	I had lunch here yesterday before the Pirates game with a few friends.  I have also been here a few times upstairs.  I really liked the fact that we had no problem getting a seat at the bar or a table.  I usually go to the bars on the North Shore prior to Pirates game, but this was a lot less crowded and good for the group I was with.  In fact, truth be told the place was only about 1/2 full (on Bucs opening day!?).  The food was okay.  I tried these nachos which were good and interesting because it had a decent quality sausage as the meat and not just ground beef.  I also really liked the sweet potato fries.  They were delicious and you usually can't get these at too many places.  I ordered the lobster roll.  It was a ton of lobster, however some of the lobster was a little overcooked and it was ice cold.  I can understand serving cool even though Id prefer warm, but ice cold really wasn't that good when they put warm butter on it.  I also tried the tortilla soup, which was really rich and had a good spicy flavor.  The only thing missing in the tortilla soup was the tortilla chips.  A minor oversight I imagine.  Overall, a pretty decent place when you are looking to just have a few beers with friends.  I've also tried the upstairs bar which is the more upscale section.  The bar is huge which is good plenty of room, and their is plenty of seating including leather couches.  The happy hour is okay, but it's pretty much a ghosttown after 8 PM.  Overall a decent place for quiet drinks without the crowds and a little better than average food.
4	This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!  The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!  There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard, but they always serve great drinks!
5	My first review since moving to Pittsburgh: I came here last night, all suited up with essentially my entire grad class. That could explain the amazing treatment we received...but it was amazing treatment none-the-less and should be credited. The management was more than happy to have an unexpected and large group arrive (~300) and supplied us with whatever was needed - be it more waitresses, bartenders, or access to the VIP lounge. So in all, the service really was great. The space is just as good. It's clean, it's spacious, it's comfortable, and the music was just right. The drinks were strong and quick to come. Yeah, we had a great time there.
3	Happy hour specials are $1 off drafts and half-priced appetizers.Try the calamari, it's got a funky sauce but really tasty.Olive or Twist is usually really crowded for HH on Fridays, which is when my work crew usually rolls in.  I've only been here once during a non-friday HH, and it was much more enjoyable.  The food has been hit-or-miss, but I have generally been impressed with the apps.  I gave this place three stars because of several things.  I've tried a lot of beers here, but I often get them with a glass of 'funk.'  They need to clean their lines more often to get rid of that taste, and drop the price a bit; this is Pittsburgh, not Boston.  Martinis have been hit-or-miss; they've done an excellent job on the dirty Ketel One, but some of the girls have gotten foo-foo drinks that have been undrinkable.
4	Olive or Twist, a narrow bar tucked away in the Cultural District, has friendly service, reasonable prices, and pretty decent bar food.  While it's not a sports bar per se, it's a great place to watch a game... like Game 7 of the Stanley Cup.  Go Pens!!If they renovated their bathrooms, they would definitely deserve a five-star rating.
3	Solid place to grab a martini and listen to some sub-par live music. Far from amazing but hey not everywhere is going to be right?
4	We came downtown on a Sunday afternon before a show looking for cocktails, seemingly this was the only place open on a Sunday. Olive of Twist is very dark, but it makes for a nice date spot. They found a way to make exposed brick walls and large indsutrial fans classy.Their cocktails are absolutely great, at the top of the list is a proper gin martini with an olive or twist. They may also make the best sidecars in Pittsburgh, but for $8 - $10 a drink you should expect as much.The calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu.
5	Stopped in for a drink on new years eve . After experiecing several places for horrible service on the same day , this place was very refreshing . The bar was very crowded but the staff made sure that everyone who came in was waited on right away . Great service tops everything else .
4	I was there in November 2009, what a great little place! It's laid out like a shotgun house, long and narrow, and it fills up pretty quickly at night, but if you appreciate industrial spaces, exposed brick, etc., you'll really dig the vibe at this place. Plus, they had the Great Lakes Christmas Ale on tap, just when other places were running dry of it, so it got extra points for that! Calamari is pretty good, service was excellent. If i had one criticism, it's that the place is bit *too* dark, even for a bar -- but very clean!
2	Don't bother. We were kind of desperate to find a place that wasn't too pricy and close to our hotel on a Monday night. We saw this place, with the low lighting and witty name (although we weren't sure if they're cleaver enough to make the theater reference or if it was simply a mistake).They boast a new menu and I got the pasta with goat cheese and almonds. I didn't have high expectations but this was like family meal before your serving shift. It was boring and flavor free. My boyfriend got a steak sandwich that looked punny. Oh, and the grocery store wine was way over priced.Boo!
4	Great time. Went over for drinks after James Taylor concert. Bar had a fun crowd
4	Love the atmosphere and martini menu here. Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act. I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here. Highly recommeded!
4	Nice surprise.Expecting bar food when looking for a quick dinner while in town on business from Florida, we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price. The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm. I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well. The house Merlot was short of the $9/glass price, but overall this was time and money well spent.
4	The twist is that this place has much more to offer than just drinks!  The ambiance is great for either a happy hour, pre-performance drink/dinner or night out.  There's a small restaurant set up downstairs and then upstairs has a really hip lounge feel.  The tomato bisque is beyond amazing and the desserts are decadent.  But since they have it in the name, the martini list is fantastic, not to mention tastes great!
4	Half price apps at happy hour? I'm always a fan of that.Pretty good live music?  I'll take it.Nice location near the theater before the show?  Done and done.  I'd be back.
3	Olive and Twist is a convenient and rather nice bar to visit if you're staying in the downtown area.  The huge beer list and so so martinis do their job well in attracting the suits and theater crowds in mass numbers.  Finding a seat can be a chore if you come at the wrong hour because no one ever leaves!  The food menu is your typical bar menu and is very well priced.  My party only got the nachos which were good.  Our bartender, Rosie, was a sweetie and really made us feel welcomed in this steely town.
4	Friday night girls night out and we were on the town. Olive or Twist located near the cultural district right across from the theater was the place to be. It is mostly the young professional crowd. The decor is brick with lounge couches upstairs, welcoming you to grab a martini and have a seat while searching eyes as people go by.I can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet. This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations. There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits. Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out. Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini. It was made just right. The ambiance and music was light. I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation. I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back. This place would be ideal for a date night. Stay tuned...
3	Good drinks, but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting, though.
4	If you enjoy Martinis, then Olive-or-Twist is a must-see!  :)Near the Lemongrass Cafe and the Renaissance Hotel, It's a cozy little bar; it's narrow and has an exposed-brick, jazz-house type of feel to it.Very dimly lit, a great little spot for an evening drink before or after a show in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh!Obviously, their specialty is going to be martinis and they do a nice job of offering up traditional martinis as well as some fruity, tasty, sweet martinis.They also serve food and have a nice sized menu; I've never had the opportunity to eat here, but some of the things that were coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled delish!The crowd here is typically young, trendy and professional.By Day, its a great spot for suits to grab a quick cocktail and something to eat.By 4:30, its filling up with more suits and skirts, for the after-work crowd in downtown.By the evening, you'll have the trendy, young types.(I'm also fully convinced that this is where trendy wanna-be types will go to dress up, as-if they were at work for the day, and then go to hang out to rub elbows with those who actually do work!  lol)This is a great place to go before or after baseball games, theater shows, and just because.PROS:Atmosphere is a pro, here.  Pretty laid back, IMO;Great idea-inducing drink menu if you have no idea what you'd like to drink;Lots of suggestions if you want to "try something new";Also serves food.CONS:Parking is terrible (as with all things, Pittsburgh.  Try the garage across from the Renaissance Hotel);eh... a tad bit pricey for "just a lot of vodka", lol;it gets pretty full, pretty quick (which can also be a PRO depending on whom you ask).*Update to follow, soon.(Its been a little while since I was there last)
5	Fantastic spot for an even or a quite cocktail.  They were swell to host the Yelp crew with a great drink menu and super attentive staff.I'd certainly recommend anything with the purred fruit in it (apple, any of them really)!
4	When your favorite drink always involves vodka, then this is your place.  They have the best selection of martini's in the Burgh.  Whether you love them sweet, dirty, or like a dessert in a glass, you'll find a favorite.  My biggest problem is that I've found one too many favorties.  While the martini's are delish, I'm not as big a fan of the food.  The buffalo chicken spread appetizer is great for happy hour but I just didn't love the other items I've tried and the entrees aren't memorable.  I recently discovered the upstairs lounge and it was comfortable and spacious (much more so than the crowded downstairs bar).   If you work downtown and you haven't stopped here for happy hour, you are missing out!
4	Sooo blacked out here thatWe heckled the guitarist.Not sorry. He sucked.
3	I went here couple of month ago for late night drink. I was a little drunk when I went in here, just a little bit, so I don't recall things quite precisely but I liked the atmosphere.Dim lighting which I liked.Friendly staff.Nothing special for drinks.
2	I only went here to have a few drinks, and talk with a friend who wasn't sure if he wanted to eat or not. We were escorted to a table and were cool, the waitress was friendly and tentative since our conversation was rollin'. Long story short we were there for 5 hours, just drinking, and if our waitress could of re-worded her words, our experience wouldn't have been so sour. She came over and stated "I'm leaving here is the check, if you would like to stay you're more then welcome to order from the bar." So we continued to talk not thinking anything of it, or someone was going to pick up her tip. WELL not two minutes later she comes back to us and says " IM LEAVING, I need you to pay your check." At this point me being me, gets a little annoyed, as my friend is looking at me like no she didn't! So he paid as a gentlemen do, and we continued the night, as they dimmed the lights and shut off the music we got the hint we've been talking way to long. If she could have been a tid more polite, it would have been a good experience. The atmosphere was great, the food looked good, but your sour mouth ruined it all.
4	I stopped in here for a drink yesterday and to meet some friends at the upstairs lounge. Love it! So spacious, great art work on the walls and the bartenders were extremely nice and attentive. The happy hour drink prices were also pretty good. I didn't get a chance to try any food but I did wander down for a minute and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. I'll def be back!
2	I get it. It gets busy when you're a bartender/waitress sometimes. I've been there myself. But you can explain why things are late or why it takes nearly half an hour to pour a glass of wine without being incredibly rude and cold, and if you even say it with an apologetic smile, most customers will understand. Food was fine, won't go back for fear of the server.
4	Four-stars for happy hour comfort.I write this review in the context of a Friday night spontaneous happy hour.  Why four stars?  Primarily the comphy seating.  Drink selection is on par with most other swanky downtown locations (decent beer list with some fun cocktails sprinkled here and there) and the staff is what I would expect - prompt and curteous but nothing out of this world.But then there are the chairs, couches, leather benches, and multitude of mini tables to put your drink down (which I often need to do as I have a tendency to flap my hands around while telling stories).  Upstairs is where it's at.Note - you may want to give them a call first... the upstairs is booked for private parties sometimes and if you're stuck downstairs, it can get quite crowded.
4	What can I say about you Olive - you're my staple, my default, but not in a bad way.  I know during those indecisive evenings which taunt me, I can always turn to you for comfort, good atmosphere, delectable food and a tasty drink.While you're not always top of mind with the emerging bar/restaurant scene in the area, I do remember you often and stop by occasionally.  You are my go-to for happy hours that bring large groups of friends together with varying tastes.  B/c that's just who you are Olive...you appeal to the masses and don't just belong to me.You make a killer martini and know how to attract the young professional community in the region.  What about Twist - well he brings that second wind after a long work week, the spark at the end of the night and makes you think, "who knows where this night will take me".  You make a perfect pair!  I'm glad we've become such close friends and you both always welcome me with open arms even when it's been a while.
3	Looking for a good martini and dessert, I did! The music was good yet a bit loud, the staff lacked friendliness, but I did enjoy my visit. Did not go upstairs, which I imagine would be neet. People were sure flowing in.
4	Bossa Nova's step-sister bar, but not the evil jealous step sister more like the older a little more mature caring step-sister. At least in the way of making a carefully crafted unique martini or cocktail. Atmosphere is a little more cramped, but usually you can still find a table late on a week or weekend night if you do not mind sitting in the back. It is fine for me because I don't like being sandwiched at the bar with other people's conversations in my face. I didn't try the food but my friend ordered the Tuna appetizer and she said she loved it just wished the portions were a little better. But for the price it wasn't bad. I ordered the Perfect Pear cocktail with Pear Absolute Eldleweiss flower liqouer and a splash of pineapple juice it was delicious! Not too sweet and I despise sweet drinks. The perfect blend of soft tangy tartness. Much more creative then the drink menu at Bossa Nova.For the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot. The waitress was not that great but she was young, some things are forgiven if the product is just right.
4	Excellent food (especially the tomato basil soup- and I don't even like tomato soup).  Moderate service, nice atmosphere, though sometimes a bit too loud for conversation.
4	Came here for drinks and appetizers while in Pittsburgh for the weekend. They have a lot of specialty martinis to choose from. I tried a few including the sparkling pomegranate and tiramisu - both really good. For appetizers, we shared the calamari and buffalo chicken dip. The calamari was served with some kind of teriyaki sauce which gave it lots of flavor - delicious. I liked how the buffalo chicken dip was served in a martini glass - it was good but nothing special. I thought the service was good.. we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time. We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar. I'm glad we were at a table.
2	The genius of the "Olive or Twist" name got us in the door here, but we didn't have the best experience with their mixers.While here, we sampled the blueberry mojito and the cucumber basil martini.  The blueberry mojito had an overpowering taste of rum. As a strong drink, it was good. However, the rum killed any blueberry or mint flavor in the drink. For the cucumber basil martini, the basil is the primary flavor in the drink and kills any undertones of the cucumber. The sole basil flavor of this drink made it unappealing.In addition to a cocktail menu, they also offer a reasonable selection of beers including microbrews.
4	Went to this place for lunch. My wife order a wrap and I order a salad. Very nice food. The sweet potato fries are wonderful. My smoked duck break salad is wonderful too. Highly recommended.
4	Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed. Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare). Yummy desserts. The acoustics downstairs were terrible. Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.  Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend. But a young, fun, party like atmosphere. Convenient to cultural district.
5	Love, love, love the calamari. It's so good and spicy. There is an endless list of martinis and one is better than the next. There is a first and second floor, if you prefer more of a bar or lounge atmosphere. It's not a place I like for dinner, but for drinks and apps it's wonderful.
1	I ... don't know why I keep going back to Olive or Twist. Seriously, you could check my Foursquare stats and see that I've been to this bar more frequently than any place I've ever called my favorite spot in Pittsburgh. Why? I moved up here from Orlando to be with my boyfriend who I had just started dating. I moved because Orlando on a whole sucks and I was ready to get out. My boyfriend used to play in a band as does one of his best friends now. This was their favorite spot to hang out out because all of the (female) bartenders know and love them. They used to get free or greatly reduced drinks, could be as loud and obnoxious as they wanted, etc. etc. - the ush. I tag along now because I didn't know many people in this city at first, obviously. The bar is way too small for the number of people who try to pack in at night. I've had several items off of the menu and they all left a lot to be desired. The drinks are poured strongly. At first I thought this was because the bartenders knew how the boys liked their drinks, but now I realize they're just heavy handed. Nothing here really sticks out for me. I can get the drinks properly made elsewhere for the price. Same with the food. I guess the only reason I agree to go back time after time is because of two of the bartenders - Amy and Linda. Those two are the most kick ass bartenders in Pittsburgh. Considering I currently live in Heinz, it's also pretty damn close, which works in its favor (can't wait to move ... ). Olive or Twist has a great location and, if Amy and/or Linda are working, you're sure to enjoy yourself. Just keep those expectations low.
5	Love this place. Stiff martinis and cocktails, cheap drinks, good service, nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends. Classy crowd and much more mature, older, and professional crowd. There aren't any of those college frat boys or belligerent drunks there, which is so great. Very nice place to wind down after a long day.
4	I went to the Art Gallery Crawl tonight and some friendly folks suggested Olive Or Twist.  They told us the drinks were a little on the pricey side, but worth it as you would only need one, so we decided to check it out.It was fairly crowded, but not so bad considering it was a Friday night.  The waitress on the restaurant end of things suggested that we go upstairs because there were 6 of us.  We went upstairs and there was no room, so we went back down and asked her to push the tables together so we could eat and drink merrily, which she did reluctantly.  The service wasn't the best, and the food was okay, but the drinks were good.All in all, I'd say it was a fun atmosphere.  It seemed like an older crowd.  One problem was that the performer downstairs was too loud.  I'd say for a more relaxed, visit-friendly environment head up to the lounge.
4	I have been here few times over the years but never ate here.It's a great happy hour spot - have a drink or two around friends. The lower level could be bit crowded during happy hour but they have an upstairs where you can lounge or sit at the bar.Overall, a fun atmosphere - pretty diverse crowd.
2	In town on business and I always try to find places like this.  Wow, a martini bar not named the Blue Martini?  OK, I'm in!So I strolled over and walked in.  First impression was it was a cool, cozy, and trendy joint.  Liked the exposed brick walls, lighting, etc.  Only problem is, I don't go to a restaurant or a bar to eat and drink the atmosphere!So I grab a table in the bar.  It was about 5pm and there might have been 15 people in the whole place.  Two bartenders made eye contact with me so I figured they would be waiting on me.  I figured wrong.  I sat there for a good ten minutes and was getting ready to get up and leave when the younger tender came over and said with a "deer in the headlights look", do you want a drink or something????  Well hell, what was your first guess?  I refrained from quoting Foxworthy and saying "here's your sign"!So OK we were off to a bumpy start.  I didn't have a martini, however there was a few options on the drink menu.  I was just here for a bite, so my review is based on that.A few minutes later the other bartender comes back with my water and gives me a menu.  I ordered some turkey wrap with a fruit salad for a side.  I say "some" turkey wrap because it was really that unimpressive!  It seemed to take forever for it to arrive.  Given the fact that it wasn't busy, it did take a long time to arrive.  When it did, it looked OK.  The fruit salad looked as if it was ready for the trash, so I bypassed that.  The wrap just had zero flavor and was loaded with lettuce........way to much.  The only flavor that presented itself was blandness!  It was very disappointing.All in all, I think this is probably a way better bar to have a drink in then a restaurant.  I will return to try a martini, but I will pass on the food.
4	The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering. Great place to grab a drink with friends, especially on ladies' night out!
4	The Partner In Cuisine (PIC) and I had an early dinner there recently thanks to Groupon and we were not disappointed.  Since we weren't sure what to get and were just generically hungry, we decided to just let the menu decide for us and we ordered one of each of the highlighted items on the menu - the "house specials" according to our server.The calamari was excellent and it was apparent that it had been hand breaded.  The Asian fusion made for a delicious alternative to the typical calamari that was reminiscent of a General Tso's squid.  The main dishes were also good, but nothing in particular stuck out about them.  I also had a red-velved martini which I thought was probably the best part of the meal.Overall, I would definitely go back on a weeknight for happy hour or on a Tuesday to try the variety of mini martinis, but I think I'll leave paying $9 for an alcoholic beverage to "special" nights and not just a typical weekend dinner.They do lose a star because even though we were one of three occupied tables and a few taken seats at the bar, the service was incredibly slow.  It took so long for our appetizer to come out, I began to question whether the cook had to get in his car and go down to Wholey's to buy more squid.
4	Try the sweet potato fries with a side of honey mustard instead of ketchup. Linda and the rest of the ladies at the bar are awesme.
4	Whether you want to get loopy with their "Loopy" martini or chill out with a classic IPA, this place is a must visit.I always assumed Olive or Twist was just another chain that wasn't anything special. Toootally my bad. With the exposed bring and dim but not too dim lighting, the atmosphere in this place is chill complete with unique light fixtures and the exposed brick wall. I loved it. I am a lucky North Sider who could easily find myself not stuck parking in the garage, but walking. Park a street over on the street if you are lucky. The parking is the only downfall.I went here for a date with my boy, followed by drinks with friends, so we really got the whole experience. I thought it'd be dressy since it's located downtown. It was pretty casual dress. Thank goodness because designers don't dress up for work! Try out the martinis, if you are that type. Even the guys had a grand time trying unique flavors! A must try.Oh yes, and the Seared Tuna Salad is a muuuust. If you aren't feeling the salad, try out the seared tuna app. I was impressed.
1	We were in Pittsburgh for one night and Olive or Twist was near our hotel.  There were many other restaurants, but this place looked nice.  The atmosphere was nice, and if I was rating only for atmosphere I'd give it 4 stars.  However, I'm mainly rating their food and service.  We were greeted promptly, but after that the service was spotty and it took awhile to receive our drinks/food even though there weren't many people in the dining room.  I ordered the Traditional French Dip Sandwich and Fries.  I enjoy a good French Dip and have tried many of them at all types of restaurants and this one was the worst I've ever eaten. In fact, I couldn't finish it.  The meat tasted like old lunch meat and the bread was nothing more than a cheap, glorified hot dog roll that was soggy.  It wasn't soggy from the Au Jus, but it tasted like they steamed the roll for some reason.  Overall, if I was going back to Pittsburgh in this area, I would stay far away from Olive or Twist.
4	I enjoyed myself flying solo per the usual, I stopped in after work shortly after 10pm the bar was lively and had a great vibe everyone looked like they were there to have a good time. There were no shaders to be found. I was served my drink and had my food order placed , in less then 5 minutes even though it was crowded. Nothing takes the fun out of a bar experience more than having to wait an exuberant amount of time to get your drink, which was not the case for Olive Or Twist, even on a Friday night with easily 50 people in the bar.My bartender Linda was no-nonsense when my glass was empty she was quick with another. I had the caprese salad and tomato basil soup.  The caprese was just fine by me. , The mozzarella was sliced thick, for a caprese it was a very hearty portion.  Now for the soup it was thick and creamy but wasn't warm what so ever!!! Granted it was after 10pm but I would have liked it be served a little warmer. I saw some pretty amazing and tasty martini's being prepared. Olive Or Twist has a martini that is served with sprinkles rimming the glass I think I overheard that it was called the cake batter martini, fun and impressive!
4	One of my favorite lunch spots downtown!This restaurant is pretty sleek, it's also small which means it can get crowded but it gets crowded because its worth it!Their martinis are fantastic.  In fact, i had my first martini here--this is where i learned that just bc your martini tastes like a pineapple its still straight liquor and should be sipped, not slammed.  I recommend ALL of the martinis, and for what you get I think the pricing is pretty reasonable. the food is great too!  Stop in for a drink, stop in for dinner, just try it sometime if you haven't yet.
3	I had a really mixed experience here. Took the bf for dinner here before a show at Heinz Hall, which was really great for the convenience, they're so close to one another. We would definitely go back for lunch - GET THE TRUFFLE FRIES APPETIZER - and martinis someday, but never again for dinner. The entrees were expensive and nothing to rave about, and the service wasn't anything special. The dinners took forever to come out - I know it was a Saturday night, but we got there well over two hours early and were still worried about not getting to our show seats on time. It was a nice atmosphere, but one that we felt a little to young and poor for (we're still college students). I think I'd try somewhere else for a nice date night next time, but again, I will definitely go back to splurge some lunchtime on the cake batter martini, truffle fries, and other desserts and appetizers.
4	I go here pretty often for drinks. They have the best variety of martinis and it's lively in the evenings. The buffalo chicken spread is highlyyyy recommended.
4	I love Olive or Twist. Absolutely love it. As I'm sure everyone who has been here has mentioned, it has a fantastic drink menu that offers a decent variety in terms of its alcoholic beverages - everything from various delicious martini-style drinks to the standard favorite beers. The place also features a really good menu; I'm very partial to its crab cake sandwich, which really hits the spot and has a perfect balance of crabcake with toppings and dressing. I especially love how any sauces or dips with appetizers are usually served in a martini glass. It's a cute and well-thought touch.The only drawback here is that Olive or Twist is pretty darn popular; this place gets very noisy after 4:00 very quickly, especially as the happy hour prices kick in. This is even assuming you can get in - I've tried to go here on nights when it's completely booked. Completely. Every table, top and bottom floor, with only standing room near the bar.I will continue to be a major fan because the drinks and eats really are fantastic, but will probably avoid coming here during its busiest days and hours (i.e. the end of the week and beginning of the weekend).
4	I'm reviewing Olive Or Twist strictly as a weekday lunch person.  I haven't had drinks there, or been there during an evening or weekend rush.I absolutely love this place.  Its seating area is small - maybe seven or eight tables?  The lunch menu is delicious.  I get the grilled cheese and tomato soup every time, and it's perfect.  The friend I go with gets the French Dip and sings its praises all day long.The prices are a bit on the high side - over $10 for lunch - but frankly, the food is so good I'm glad to pay the extra couple of dollars.  The bartender is always the same guy when I go, and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.  Killing him with kindness does not work.  Other than him, the staff seems great, and I'm happy to give them my business.
5	It's everything a great cocktail bar should be.  Great location, ambiance, cocktails and chill environment.**Disclaimer:   5 stars doesn't have to mean it's New York City good. It is a simple place and it's not flashy by any means.   I'd take a girl for the beginning of a date or on the opposite end of the spectrum, talking business with colleagues.
3	Only rating the upstairs friday happy hour. It had a nice lounge like feel with a lot of females. Not sure if it's always like this. The bar was trying to get rid of their excess green beer from St Pattys for just $1, so we had a couple. All in all a good chill atmosphere.
1	I've actually had OK experiences at this place in the past but this trip was especially bad. I tried to stop here with my husband for an appetizer and a drink before heading into the theater district - bad move.  Upon being seated the server explained that they were no longer serving food because of a water leak or something unsanitary-sounding. Klassy. For reasons I truly can't explain, we decided to stay for a beer before heading to our destination. We both threw down a brew nasty, paid and left. Unfortunately for Olive or Twist, the visit would probably be our last.On a positive note, there was an interesting man setting up for what looked like a live acoustic set. His warm-up sounded good but we left before he really got started. When it's all said and done, we should have just went to the Sharp Edge down the street. Probably a much safer bet for future endeavors.
4	Always a great place to get a drink before or after a show. I've always enjoyed it here. The mixed drinks are very creative in how they make them....and they always look good even though my wife always orders them while I stick to Safire & Tonics, red wine or beer. I remember the calamari being in the top five in Pittsburgh. The live music is usually pretty good. My only complaint is that the downstairs is a little small and gets very crowded very quickly. Pus the upstairs, while a tad more spacious, doesn't have a lot of seating so you just stand around a crowded bar too. But, it's always a good time, the service has always been very good, and people don't realize there's more to this place than just drinks. The food is under rated and tasty. Always on a recommend to other list.
4	Girls night had to happen. We decided to go to Olive or Twist, because it was close and I did have a coupon. I was delighted with this bar/restaurant. I never knew that they had an upstairs! Upstairs they have couches and comfortable chairs with coffee tables in between them.  So much more comfortable than sitting on wooden or bar stools. And after a long day at work, being comfortable is really all that I am about. The music was slightly loud but still tolerable, and enjoyable because it was older rap music that we started to then sing and dance to (in our chairs!).We all ordered food and drinks. I got the burger, which wasn't anything special, but I wasn't expecting the sun and the moon from it. My friends ordered the jerk chicken and the bean quesadilla. The jerk chicken was amazing. They had this jalapenos sauce on it, wooo hooo. It was so good. A perfect mix of sweet and spicy that was mouth watering. I kept on dipping my fries it in. Yummy!The drinks were also perfect. I ordered the Wild Tea Mojito and the Pink Lemonade. Both of these drinks were refreshing and delicious. I just wanted to just go down the drink menu and check off all each and every one of those cocktails! I wanted to know if all of them could be as good as the two that I tried. It was a great and comfortable experience for a bar. I will be going back soon!
5	I came here before a pirates game, so it was around 5:30ish or so in the evening, we had just gotten lucky that they had a table open before all there reservations for the night started to come in.  I ordered the chicken jerk sandwich with a side salad, absolutely loved it!  The chicken had the perfect amount of spice to it which was off set with sweet with the pineapple chutney it had on it, sooo good!  The salad was even great because they used real green spring mix instead of iceburg lettuce.  I also loved that they put feta cheese on top, its one of my favorite cheeses for salad topping!  Service was great here and even though I didn't have a drink here that night I have a previous time and they are yummy!  Love this place and can't wait for my next visit!
3	Warning: Do NOT come here on a Saturday night. Cause that's what I did. And it sucked because nobody was there. Ok, not nobody, maybe like 12 people including the staff and my crew of 5.  It looked great in there, big comfy couches, a huge bar with a big selection, high ceilings with beautiful exposed brick, but empty. I am not from around the area and was just in town visiting. I would go back, but definitely not on a Saturday night. Don't go on Saturday. Seriously, don't do it.
1	Owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal.
5	Olive or Twist is the historic site of my VERY FIRST MARTINI when I turned 21, many years ago.  It's been a long, happy union.While Olive or Twist is NOT a five star restaurant, it gets 5 stars from me because I love it.  Its one of the few places I know of that has been CONSISTANTLY good.  for years!  The interior is warm and a little bit industrial.  The downstairs is the same as it has always been and it's still very nice.The drinks are great although the first martini I ever had (a girl doesn't forget!  [well,this one didn't]) was a Pineapple Upside Down martini and I don't think they offer that anymore but they do have a very expansive martini menu.  I tried the chipotle martini and it was so excellent that when I took my first sip I sighed in a way my bf turned to me and sarcastically said, "Oh, you're going to be Yelping about that, aren't you?"  Then, I refused to let him even try it bc it was that good.  It was MINE.I also had a cake batter martini which tasted great and came out looking so pretty I instagrammed a picture of it and immediately all my friends clicked like on it, and my one aunt commented I should drink less.  Whatever. She needs a martini.The service was great.  Our waitress, Lauren, was really cool and very good at recommending the drinks--the chipotle martini was her recommendation, I would never had ordered that on my own.We had the buffalo chicken dip which was served in a martini glass and it was really good.My favorite thing on the menu there is the tomato basil bisque soup and it has been rocking my lunch hour for the past ten years.  It's delicious.  Its so good that Lauren and I actually high fived when she brought it out.  (true story.)My bf had the chicken caprese wrap and said it was excellent, it was gone within minutes so that is a good sign.I highly recommend this place for lunch, after dinner cocktails, or a date.  This is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots!
3	Hit or miss. I enjoy the atmosphere here and their red velvet cake martini is to die for. The food, however, is a different story. I enjoyed the balsamic chicken wrap which was full of flavor, robust, and refreshing. The buffalo chicken salad, when on special and available, is the perfect portion and served on a spring mix. If you're feeling ambitious, just stick to the tried and true. I had a chicken sandwich and I got to the center for an unpleasant surprise: pink meat. Yuck! Aside from that I tried the steak salad which was a major disappointment since the meat was gristly and tough. Overall stop in for your favorite wrap and a special flavored martini, but resist the temptation to try a new dish.
4	Meal was fine, prices reasonable, have half price appetizers for happy hour, quick service, would recommend reservations for dinner, easy access to the theaters and Pirates games.
5	A beautiful little bar with an exciting "martini" list - do step outside your comfort zone and try one of the crafted drinks.
3	Went on a Friday evening for cocktails. I ordered a gin martini, it was delicious. For a snack we ordered pan seared scallops in a strawberry basil sauce. We were so surprised when the huge sea scallops were put in front of us! They were cooked perfectly and the sauce was bright and fresh, and for only $12! The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because of the atmosphere. This place is set up weird, and there were only 2 or 3 full tables in the "dining room". The crowd was full of 40 somethings and there was a cover band, playing all the hits from the 70's and 80's. We didn't stay long.
3	This is the perfect place to go before a show downtown. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant in particular the upstairs space. It has a lofty, cozy feel.  Great place for drinks or and event (can rent the upstairs space).  My last visit was for a working business meeting.  Glad we made reservations for it was busy on a Friday evening. I ordered the roast beef sandwich which was very tasty and flavorful.  I love that you have a variety of options for a side and they do not charge you extra. I picked my favorite, mashed potatoes.  A colleague ordered the pesto pasta dish which looked delicious.  We didn't order drinks but in past visits they have a really nice variety of beer and I tried the Banana Bread beer (available in bottles) which is so tasty!! My only complaint was that it took a while for the waitress to take our orders and bring out the checks but it was very crowded with large parties. We stayed at our table after dinner to finish up some work and they did not mind which was great!
4	My happy hour hot spot! My friends are addicted to the buffalo chicken dip. Drink specials and great food selection.
4	The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was mellow. We had the buffalo chicken dip, which was great with warm pita chips, the blackened salmon and the steak salad. All the food was fabulous. I ordered the tiramisu martini and had to have a second one it was so good. Finally, we had the chocolate cookie pie and the banana empanada. Both were fantastic.
3	This place was pretty good for a Friday night out. My husband and I shared a calamari appetizer that was really great. We were both a little disappointed with our main courses - tuna and salmon. Cocktails were good and strong, service was good, live music. We did not order dessert because the options were not very interesting. It's not at the top of my list to revisit, but we enjoyed it.
4	Great atmosphere, took us even though we were an hour early for our reservation, the steak salad was amazing. Service was awesome. Only thing that could have made it better was more tv's for football that was on!
4	Love olive or twist. Chill atmosphere. Great drinks!
4	This place is pretty good. The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome. The service is always good especially at the bar. They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week. If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends, the lounge upstairs is a good choice. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced with happy hour specials M-F. ($2 off all martinis and half price buffalo chicken spread)
3	We decided to stop by Olive or Twist on a recent Saturday night before a show. A friend was at a wedding upstairs and asked us to drop in to say hi. Apparently they host wedding receptions in the lounge area above the bar/restaurant. I was hoping to get a quick meal and a drink before the show. When we arrived the bar was packed and we were told that they had no availability to sit in the restaurant section. But, little can deter me. I scoped out the tables by the bar and noticed a couple getting ready to pay. After making casual chit chat, they agreed to save their table for us. They paid and left while we ordered a drink at the bar. As soon as they got up the waitress put a reserved sign on the table, I assumed it was for us and sat down. Nope. She was trying to reserve it for an 8pm reservation. I thought this was the bar area which is seat yourself? Oh well, I told her we had to be out by 8 for a show anyway so it would work out fine. A few minutes later she came back and told us no, that won't work and we will have to find a place at the bar. Seriously? We are already sitting in the seat yourself tables, it was fine 2 minutes ago, we have to leave by 8, what's the issue? Rather annoyed we looked for seats and ways to inch ourselves into the already overly crowded bar when the waitress returned and said she will reserve another table that was leaving. Now, we have wasted 10 minutes of our already limited time before the show so, I asked what was the fastest thing on the menu. We ordered soup, salad and the buffalo chicken spread. The soup arrived first. I had the homemade chicken noodle. Warm, comfort food that hit the spot. Next was the pear salad with candied walnuts, blue cheese and strawberry vinagerette.  Again, super tasty. I could snack on the candied walnuts all day. Then the buffalo chicken spread. Presentation was great-in a martini glass. The pita chips were delic! But where was the chicken? I searched through the entire martini glass, not one shred or chunk of chicken. Being a buffalo chicken dip lover, I was sorely disappointed. As for the drinks, stick with the martinis as the wine was also a big disappointment.
3	Truffle fries to die for & unique delicious cocktails w/friendly staff to boot! They could use a door curtain to keep the cold chill out as it floods the bar area every time someone enters or exits but a nice, relaxed atmosphere.
5	My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!
4	I rate this 5 stars for martinis and lounge, but it's only a 4 for me because the food was average.  I went here with a group of friends for a birthday, The fiance and I had dinner downstairs first and then went upstairs to the lounge.  If you are with a group, it's a pretty fun and chill place and they were playing good danceable music, which my friends and I liked.  It didn't seem that packed for a saturday, so it was easy to get a drink.  I think there's also servers walking around the lounge to take orders, so another plus.The dining area was pretty small, but we made a reservation just about 2 hours prior to arriving, and we didn't have to wait. My fiance and I shared the calamari, which was really delicious!  Usually, the calamari we get is seasoned with just salt & pepper with maybe some breading at times and chilli and scallions, but this one was a different taste and it was tasty!  It seemed a little asian inspired kind of like sweet with some crumble and salty with soy.  I had the seared ahi tuna salad.  I liked the taste, but it isn't the best ahi to me.  Fish didn't taste that fresh to me.  My fiance had the braised short rib with the mashed potatoes and he said it was only 3 stars for him. He got his friend a turkey wrap and he said it was average. The real highlight for us were the martinis!  I am not one for martinis but after tasting sweet/bakery inspired martinis, I am feening for it. LOL.  I had the cake batter martini and the chocolate covered pretzel.  Sooo good! They got really creative here with the martinis and the presentation.  Definitely 5 stars for the martini bar :)  Will go back to taste the rest!
3	We went here for drinks and a bite before a concert at nearby Byham theater. We had wings and a piece of cookies and cream cake. Both were outstanding. We both had the Fat Gary's Ale, but in hindsight I would have preferred a Guinness. The ambiance was suitably cave-like as a good bar should be.
1	This bar is cramped, overpriced, and the service is unbelievably slow. Happy Hour runs 4-6, so you'll show up at 5, have no place to sit or stand, and will only be able to get *maybe* 2 drinks during happy hours You'll then be told that the upstairs (which is actually not bad) will be opening at 5, even though you're asking at 5:20 (this has seriously happened all three times I've been there).Seriously, avoid this place. When one of your co-workers suggests a work happy hour, direct them anywhere else.
4	I really like this bar . When we first went in there was no room at the downstairs bar so we went up to the very pretty bar that was not crowded at all. They had the same happy hour prices and  the service was great..
5	I don't go out downtown much but last night I grabbed my first drink at Olive or Twist. Usually I am not one for more "upscale" bars, I am a corner bar guy, but I have to say that I really enjoyed my time. Only planning to get 1 drink I ended up getting 3 drinks. I loved the inside of the bar and my waitress was incredibly nice and pleasant to deal with. The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. All in all I will definitely be back!
5	I went here for lunch and had the steak salad, it was pretty delicious. I will be going back!
4	Coming in on a Saturday night, we were able to start off with seats at the bar and then, moved to a plush seated section up on the second floor.  Staff was super friendly and I loved our bartender.  We definitely had a lot of fun trying out all of the yummy drinks between our group of girls.We all had a sip each of Le Fiz, Pink Lemonade, Cucumber Basil, Root Beer Float, Mixed Berry Tea, Guava Mojito, Dewar's Arnold Palmer, Huckleberry Mojito, Pomegranate Acai Mojito (mojitos were a hit with the girls), Dark Knight (with Elderflower liqueur and creme de violette), Jameson's Ginger, The Perfect Pear, and Lemon Ginger.Overall, a great place to stop in for drinks.  We had a group of five ladies and had no problem finding a place for us to sit down around 9pm.  We were also able to redeem a restaurant.com gift certificate here, too!  If we ever return to Pittsburgh, I wouldn't mind popping back in again.
3	The drinks are perrrrrrrrfect!  Totally hit the spot.  Favorites are cookie dough and cake batter.  Though the drinks are 5 star, the food leaves much to be desired.  Prices are high and the taste subpar.  I have had the crab cake - small, dry, expensive and the scallops - large, dry, expensive with an interesting strawberry garnish that I thought was an odd addition for the flavoring produced.  Anywho, get a drink off the menu - well worth the price and yuuuuuumy taste!
4	Me and one of my besties recently came here for a girl's night out on the town.  Since we're both parents and don't get out often without our children in tow, we wanted to make sure that we fully enjoy our food and drink wherever we decide to go.We actually enjoyed ourselves very much, thank you, at this wonderful downtown spot.  We both ordered specialty martinis.  I had the Pink Lemonade and she had the Dragon Berry Cosmo.  Both drinks were delicious!  We also ordered Olive or Twist Calamari and the Thai Chicken wings as appetizers. (Yes, I know that's a lot of food for two people.  But, didn't I say we don't get out much in the evening without kids in tow?)  Yummy is the word for both.  I like my wings crispy and my calamari not overdone and both fit the bill.Now, about my braised beef short ribs.  Like some people wouldwalk a mile for a Camel, I would walk 10 miles for beef short ribs.  If I can take my fork and push the meat into collapse and have a good sauce to go with, I'm all yours!  My last name should now be "OliveOrTwist"!  Likewise, my bestie sat in silence and payed homage to the crabcake gods/goddesses that prepared her crabcakes.  A moment of slence please....Okay, I'm back.  But seriously, if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar/restaurant in a more trendy city, this is your place.
1	Very disappointed.  I had been to Olive or Twist for drinks and really enjoyed it but had never been there for a meal.  I was going to a show at the Benedum with a friend and made reservations about a week and a half before the show.  We arrived about 15 minutes early for our 6:00 reservation expecting we may not be able to be seated yet.  The problem is that even though I called and made a reservation (including the person answering the phone taking my name and phone number and repeating the date and time) we were told there was no reservation for our name.  The hostess said something along the lines of "are you sure you called here to make a reservation and not somewhere else"  Yes, I'm pretty sure I called the right restaurant...  She kept looking at the room of empty tables, looking at the book and then looking at us.  After a few minutes of back and forth, she told us the lounge upstairs was open and we were welcome to grab a table up there.  So we trudged upstairs.  All that was available were small high top tables.  Being a Friday night, it was packed with the happy hour crowd and was pretty noisy.  Not really the environment we were looking for but we decided to make the most of it.We started with the Buffalo Chicken Dip appetizer.  It is served in a martini glass with toasted/fried pita chips.  It was tasty and we were surprised at how much dip there actually was.  The problems with food began with the pacing of the meal.  We had our appetizer for under five minutes when our entrees came out.  It may not have been a big deal if we were at a real table in the restaurant downstairs, but being at the high top bar tables, we had no room for our drinks, appetizer and meal.  We found ourselves stacking stuff and pulling things off the table in order to fit everything.  It was frustrating.  Not to mention that we would either have to let our entrees get cold as we finished the appetizer or let the appetizer get cold as we ate our entrees.  With as much as we enjoyed the appetizer, we were looking forward to our meals. Unfortunately, they were very disappointing.  My friend ordered the french dip sandwich with a side of mashed potatoes.  Her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm.  When she mentioned it to the server, the server said "so would you like me to take them back or are they ok"  When would cold mashed potatoes ever be OK?  When her potatoes were brought back warmed, she was disappointed because they were called "garlic mashed" but she said they were pretty bland with not much garlic at all.I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  It was described as "grilled chicken seasoned with jerk spices, pepper jack cheese, garlic mayo and pineapple chutney on a Kaiser roll"  No mention of a tomato.  When I got the sandwich, there were three tomatoes on it.   Thankfully I just dislike tomatoes and it wasn't an allergy issue.  There was also no pineapple chutney.  When I asked about it, the server told me they use a sauce and it must have been soaked into the roll.Overall, very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink, but the dining experience was sorely lacking, especially for a dinner that was supposed to be a nice laid back start to our girl's night out.
4	Didn't imagine a hip but chill place like this in downtown Pittsburgh. The music isn't overly loud, and it's a great place to hang out with friends. Or some family, in my case ;)They have a second floor with ample mingle space, even a little side room you can rent out if you have a big group. The price for the room was pretty cheap (around $50), so it makes for a great private party space.The drinks are pretty good and strong, and they have a lot of good alcohol selection if you don't like the cocktail list they offer. They specialize in martinis, so try one to decide for yourself if you like it.
4	I went here for a college alumni gathering on a Saturday, during the Three Rivers Art Fest. We were secluded in the upstairs area. I loved the atmosphere (very classy)  and the martinis (very unique and tasty). We dropped serious money on the drinks. We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer. I ordered the truffle fries, very delicious. I would recommend coming here for a cocktail or two, but if you're looking to put away some drinks, you could get more for your buck somewhere else. Then come here :)
2	I was really excited when I saw the menu for this place because they had some vegetarian items that sounded delicious. I liked the decor, with exposed brick walls, soft lighting and we went there on a night with live music. But the positives stop there. I had the veggie burger. The burger was the typical veggie burger that a lot of restaurants are trying now - with all of the veggies in the patty - and people continually make it mushy. The mushy texture made me nauseous so I didn't finish that. I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes, and I'm pretty confident those came out of a box, though that ended up being my favorite thing. My date got nachos, which are advertised with lots of goodies on top. Lies! They were covered in melted but cold cheese, a sprinkle of diced tomatoes and a scoop each of guacamole and sour cream. Neither one of us ate more than 3 chips. Finally, I ordered Patron with Rose's line juice. First sip... Completely bitter and disgusting! So I asked her. And she said, oh right, we don't have sweetened line juice, he probably just used lime juice. So I asked for her to add some simple syrup, which she did. And then it was drinkable. But come on. She should have thought of that upfront! Don't go here for anything but the walls and music.
4	This place is good for drink before and after shows. I always wanted to try their food, but haven't yet. They have lots of different martinis. I will be back.
4	This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread! The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.
1	At the request of a friend, we had a brief girls night out at Olive or Twist. My first impression was the outdated decor. The restaurant has carpet which I find off putting. The drink menu is extensive; but, with the exception of one person in my party, we each found our drinks far too sweet. I ordered the cucumber basil martini, which was so sweet I had to send it back. The food was mediocre. I ordered the burger medium and it was over cooked to nearly well done. And then there was the cheesy lounge singer who sang a mishmosh of singer songwriter tunes from the 80s. The music was so loud and so bad that my friends I left and headed down the street to Butcher and the Rye.
1	I stopped in last night for a drink with a group of friends... we were in town visiting and I had been wanting to try this place out since we walked past it on the last trip... what a disappointment.  The server was prompt to greet us and drop off drink menus, but then she failed to return to take our order for at least 20 minutes.  It would've been different if she had been slammed, but the entire time she was standing by the bar, just talking to her coworkers.  By the time she came to take our order we were ready to leave... and we should have... the martinis were not good and the server's disposition left much to be desired.  When we were ready to leave she made us feel like it was a bother to split our tabs between the five of us.  The one positive of the place was that I liked the ambiance, but it wasn't enough to make up for everything else being lackluster.  What I was hoping to be a great ending to the night turned into a dismal experience that put everyone in a bad mood.
5	Good drinks (I had the guava margarita and the peach martini) and great music selection. I didn't eat - but I plan on going back soon to try the food!
4	Olive Or Twist is a really cool place for drinks. The space is a little tight depending on what time you get there, but the drinks are very strong, unique and tasty! The service could be better and the staff could be friendlier but all and all, it is a good place to sit back, have a good, strong martini. I ordered the "Perfect Pear" martini recently and it was very strong tasting compared to the other time I had it. You get your money's worth of alcohol in their martinis for sure! This definitely is not a place where you get a watered down drink. The place is dimly lit and the walls are dark, which makes for a comfortable setting, no matter how busy the bar is. There is live music, which is very good and isn't loud to the point that you can't hold a conversation with those around you. I would definitely recommend this place for their strong, unique martinis with a punch that will have you feeling it in no time, as well as for their dark ambiance and live music. Thumbs up!
3	Friday night out with one of my best friends and we were looking for a cool place to check out downtown. I always wanted to give this place a shot so we came here. The first floor was a little crowded , we arrived slightly before 6:00, so we headed up to their second floor and took some seats at the bar. Our bartender was very friendly. There weren't any signs or notes anywhere about happy hour specials, so I asked our bartender. I cannot remember everything that she stated, but I zoned in when she mentioned $2 off Martinis. I chose the cucumber basil martini and my friend did the same. Too strong for me- even with the basil infused vodka and fresh cucumber, my friend on the other hand found it light and refreshing. We weren't that hungry so we decided to split an appetizer and order salads. We split the chicken quesadilla appetizer and both ordered house salads. I modified my house salad to have feta rather than blue cheese and chose the strawberry vinaigrette as my dressing. The quesadillas were good, as far as chicken quesadillas go. The guacamole it was served with was awesome, although they didn't supply us with enough salsa, sour cream or guacamole for all four quesadillas. Or maybe I am just too obsessed with condiments, haha. The salad was yummy , I loved the vinaigrette! It was a decent portion as well. Although I enjoyed the experience, I do not think I will be returning. Two drinks, two salads and one appetizer cost is $50. The Martinis alone, even with their happy hour deal, were still $8 each. I don't mind spending $50 on a meal, but for how average everything was, that was entirely too much. Maybe I will return for a drink or two one day.
4	I made it into Olive or Twist a few weeks ago to celebrate surviving my first week of graduate school!  My friend told me to pick wherever I wanted for a celebratory dinner, and Yelp brought me here.  The name was catchy, and the food looked cool.  And martinis are my drink of choice.  What's not to love?We made reservations, but the bar upstairs was cooler so we went upstairs instead.  There are bar tables and couches and comfy chairs to hang out on.  The service was amazing, and we never wanted for anything.  Every need was met before we could even ask.I started out with the Orange Dreamsicle martini, and while it was on the sweet side, it was delicious!  If I return, I will definitely get another one of these.  Not strong alcohol wise but yummy.We ordered the scallops and Asian fusion calamari for appetizers.  My friend was super upset with the scallops and thought they tasted bad.  I don't really know anything about scallops so I ate them.  He complained to the manager, and the manager was nice enough to take 1/2 off, which I thought was really nice considering it wasn't stopping me from eating them.  (#PoorKidProblems).  The calamari was really unique but delicious.  The actual calamari was good, but it was covered in some sauce similar to stir fry sauce.  It was good, and the portion was a really fair size for the price.I then moved onto the Key Lime Pie martini.  It was a let down after the Dreamsicle, but there was nothing wrong with it.  I personally preferred the first one.My favorite food item was my entree.  I ordered the Penne ala Vodka, and when she put it on the table, I thought I had gone to garlic heaven.  Simple but wonderful.  There was also a very generous amount of asiago cheese on top of my pasta and a slice of prosciutto.  I took about half of the portion home, but I finished it off that night because it was so delicious.I really loved this place, and on a Friday night, it was EMPTY.  I don't know if this was because of Labor Day weekend or a Pirates game, but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.  Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!
5	My family and I went to Olive or Twist before a Pirate Game. The food was delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich. The happy hour specials were also a plus. I had a cake batter martini which was tasty! The location is also convenient for anyone going to a game. We walked over Roberto Clemente bridge and were right there. We will definitely be going back! Great work Olive or Twist!
3	We came here for drinks on a Friday night. They had a few good scotchs to select from and the upstairs had a nice crowd which wasn't too packed. Everyone cleared out by about 12:30 am.
3	The bar staff is great, but the food quality has definitely taken a downward turn over the past year. I was recently at the bar and was overcome by a foul smell. For those of you that know what Urnex is, that's exactly what I thought (and hoped) it was. Alas, I was told by the bar staff that it was the scallops. Worse yet, they said they come from a can. I nearly puked. I love this place so much, but I am terribly saddened by the lack of the quality in the dishes coming out of the kitchen these days.
3	Go for the martinis, don't stick around for the food. I have been here several times for tiny tini Tuesdays - a weekly event that allows you to sample their colorful and delicious martini's in tiny glasses.  You order three at a time for a somewhat steep $12.  If you want variety though, this is not to be underestimated.  However, the food is always lacking.  I went on a lunch date here and decided to go for the grilled cheese and tomato basil soup as my stomach wasn't feeling up to anything more adventurous.  The grilled cheese was fine.  Nothing special.  The soup however had a thin drizzle of basil oil which when stirred in made the soup greasy and wholly unappetizing.  Your best bet is to head there after work for the martinis and then head around the corner to Six Penn for food.
4	After hearing many positive things about the martinis here, we finally made our way down to experience it for ourselves. It was totally worth it! We arrived around midnight on a Friday (well, technically Saturday I guess) and there still was a decent crowd being the place is downtown. We ordered our drink upstairs and eventually made our way back downstairs and sat outside so my boyfriend and his friends could smoke. The upstairs is fairly big and definitely had enough room so you don't feel packed together. There is your basic bar seating, as well as couches and chairs that give it a lounge sort of feel. It didn't take anytime at all for a friendly bartender to notice us and take our drink order. They had a lot of really interesting sounding drinks, but we decided to go with the Pumpkin Spice martini because it's October (like, duh!!). Wow! Now, I'm not one for martinis as I have mentioned in previous reviews for other places, but this was amazing! The best martini I've ever had. So delicious and super easy to take down, yet you could still taste the alcohol so you know they didn't short you. After spending some time upstairs, we traveled downstairs to check out the first floor. There was definitely a different vibe. It was slightly older and not as bumping. I also got to take a peak at their menu because I would love to come back and try their food. As I mentioned above, we ended our night outside as they have a few tables and chairs. This is always the best because sometimes it's nice to escape the madness of a bar, especially if you're out with smokers. OOT is also located near the Cultural District so I didn't feel unsafe standing outside at a late hour.
4	Love this place!!! The drinks are good and the location is perfect! Avoid whenever there are major events downtown though can get pretty wild
4	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh! The atmosphere is great and the martini list is extensive. I've ordered the cake batter, caramel apple, and s'mores and haven't been disappointed in any so far. The buffalo chicken dip appetizer is what keeps us coming back! It is served cold in a martini glass with warm pita chips and is just amazing! I've ordered several dishes and haven't had a bad meal either!The only thing that lacks sometimes is the service, especially on my last visit. We were standing at the hostess stand for a couple of minutes and no one came over. Finally a girl did but she just looked at us, got something, and walked away. Not even a "someone will be right with you". Then another girl came over and said "do you need a table?". I wanted to respond with "why would I be standing at a podium that says let us seat you", but I refrained. We were seated, it took several more minutes for our drink order to be taken and it was subpar service the rest of the night. Waiting, waiting, and more waiting. Other than that, love the food, love the atmosphere and especially love the martinis!
2	Visited with a party of 8 last weekend for a friend's birthday. We walked in the door and could see no apparent host stand, so we tried the door next to the one we entered. This ended up leading to a private party. Can you say awkward?We went back in the main door, clearly confused. The bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks (rude!). Not even sure how we discovered it, but the host stand was in the BACK of the restaurant. How were we supposed to know this? We were seated, and had to wait awhile for service.Finally, the server came and took our drink orders and suggested a very strong drink for me. He was obviously trying to get me drunk (and succeeded). Caution: The Vesper is a strong *ss gin martini that is just okay. You pay 11 bucks to drink a shot of gin slowly from a fancy glass. He then took our order...and did not think to write any of the 8 requests down. Yep, you guessed it. He screwed up our orders and bills, then proceeded to be rude about the situation. The buffalo chicken dip is awesome, but be prepared, there is no chicken. We had one chunk in the two orders. The deep fried pita chips taste like donuts and are muy excellente. Also, prepare yourself for bartenders squeezing caramel into glasses. The sound is reminiscent of flatulence. Over and over. So much flatulence. I was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner. The two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though.Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse.
3	After hearing about their cocktails, some colleagues and I came hear work for dinner and drinks. The drink menu is very extensive with lots of interesting options. S'mores, and cotton candy cocktails do not appeal to me but my friends who do enjoy them, loved their drinks. The waitresses were very accommodating and didn't hesitant when we asked them to split a check multiple ways. The crowd at Olive and Twist, is on the older side- it was entertaining being the only group of 20 something's there.
3	This place was adorable. Very nice inside. Solid wood bar long L-shaped with chairs. They also had tables & chairs set up in the back half of the place for table seating. My co-worker and I sat at the bar close to the door and had a few drinks. They served food but we weren't offered a menu  (hence the 3 stars). The bartender wasn't very friendly-later I realize that was just her personality. Still not so cute! They have really good martinis. We had a s'mores which was awesome and came with a chocolate covered marshmallow. We also got a prickly pear. Mmmmmmmm is all I have to say. If I'm ever in Pitts again I would go back cause I know the drinks are very good!P. S. They also had an upstairs not sure what was going on up there. Thinking maybe it was a restaurant cause kids were going up with adults.
4	Fantastic martinis!!
4	Let me preface this review by saying that this is solely based on having a couple of drinks up at the bar. We didn't get to eat here (but would definitely return to try the food -- it all smelled delicious!)Last night, Bobby and I found ourselves downtown to check out all of the Christmas activities, and on our way we passed Olive Or Twist. Having never been here, Bobby I asked if I would like to stop for drinks on our way out to dinner so we decided to stop in.The first thing I noticed was how warm and inviting the atmosphere was. You could tell it was a totally fun bar, and everyone seemed to be having a great time. We somehow managed to grab a seat up at the bar and ordered off their specialty martini list.If you're feeling festive, definitely order the cake batter martini! It was AMAZING! The chocolate rim with sprinkles was a nice touch. I also ordered a regular vodka martini, which was excellent. The only real drawback was that the service was really slow. It took awhile to get a drink menu, and then even longer to order. The drinks came up to us separately and it took a long time to make each. Despite the wait, we would still come back. The drinks themselves were excellent and I'm now very eager to try the food!
5	Always a good spot if you are craving a martini. As per the waitress recommendation, I ordered a pear martini and my husband had a Moscow mule. Both were delicious without being sweet. Some might find the dinner selection limited but I think it allows for the restaurant to highlight some great dishes. My husband had the Tuscan steak sandwich and he could not stop raving about it. He loved the pretzel roll that it was served on. I went a little more traditional and ordered a burger but it was a perfectly cooked burger. This is not our first time stopping at Olive or twist and it will not be our last!
4	I stopped by Olive or Twist for a couple of drinks with my friend and fellow Yelper Carrie W. after seeing The Nutcracker at the Benedum last Fri.  When Carrie suggested that we grab some drinks, I suggested that we go to Olive or Twist because I'd been wanting to check it out for awhile. I rarely receive the opportunity to go out for drinks after shows because some of my friends who I attend shows with tire out early (lame) or don't really go to bars ever (even lamer), so I was excited to finally have the opportunity to imbibe a few in a classy setting downtown.Given that it was my birthday, I knew exactly what I wanted drink-wise, thanks to Rachel C.'s review: the cake batter martini!  Thanks to other reviews, I was aware that O or T's specialty martinis are dessert-y drinks rather than your typical martini.  This was absolutely fine by me, since I enjoy sweeter digestifs later at night.  As can be seen from my photo, this martini comes with a rim of chocolate syrup spangled with multicolored decorative sprinkles, which made for a very festive--and delicious--birthday drink.  Once I finished it, I went for a second round and chose the mint chocolate martini, which also came adorned with chocolate syrup.  It tasted exactly like melted mint ice cream--my favorite kind.  Yum!We sat at the upstairs side bar, and service from the bartenders was generally good--one of them even wished me happy birthday when I mentioned why I was ordering the cake batter martini.  While it was busy, it wasn't so crowded as to feel claustrophobic.  The noise level was a bit on the loud side--but then again, what bar isn't?I really enjoyed my visit to O or T, and look forward to returning again, once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.  I'd love to check out the happy hour, in particular.  Because I haven't tried the regular (non-specialty) drinks or the food, I'm going with a 4, but I'll update my review once I return and do so.
3	This was our second visit to Olive or Twist.  We came over this past summer for food and cocktails, but this last visit was just for the booze to have a celebratory drink with Laura M on her Birthday after seeing a great Ballet at the Benedum.  I don't mind O&T layout.  It's a bit chopped up but very Pittsburghese reminiscent of most establishments.  There is the upstairs where you can sit by the roaring fire on the 72" flat screen or lounge on many of the couches or loveseats they have available.  There is also the downstairs that seems to have similar offerings, however at least in our experiences was a lot busier than upstairs.  I pick less busy almost every time. This time around we found three bar seats available upstairs and settled down for a couple drinks.  I started with a Southern Tier XXX IPA, solid start to the evening.  I know they specialize in Martinis but I specialize in craft beer.  After that I decided to try a martini, I went with an Espresso Manhattan Martini.  This was defreakinlishious... I love coffee and I love manhattans so the two went together like peas and carrots.  Our service was mixed.  Some bartenders seemed more helpful and interested in waiting on us than others.  This was also my experience from last time.  This time we didn't order food though we were pretty hungry and went elsewhere to eat.  Our last meal here was not worth duplicating.  We both had an Olive or Twist Burger, and I chose sweet potato fries and requested a med rare cook.  We used the Yelp deal so it wasn't as expensive as it could have been, but the burger sells for $13.00.  I rarely complain about cost especially if it is good, however it really was not.  The meat was way overcooked and dry.  Surprisingly the fries were the best thing on the plate.  To spend that on a burger I do expect a better quality.  So lesson learned, we had some tasty drinks here last weekend, but ate at a neighboring facility afterwards.  I'm sure we will be back for drinks again.
4	I've only had drinks and appetizers here, so take this with the proverbial grain of salt. This is the my bar of choice when I'm in town and going out with my Yinzer colleagues for after-work libations. They have good happy hour specials, a nice beer and wine selection, and they mix a good cocktail. Oh, and the truffle fries are the bomb. Service is always fast and friendly, too.
4	Great food and tasty cocktails! And if you're out and about later in the evening it's a great atmosphere that's not your average loud bar. The crab cake sandwich was DELICIOUS!
3	Nice location, interesting cocktail menu, but nothing is done particularly well. I still go there, but I wish the cocktails were made using fresher ingredients.
