4	I like this shop for a special purchase, because like most people I pick up alcohol with my supermarket shop. When I need a bottle of whisky or wine for a present I like going here to chat with the staff and pick up one of their great offers. They'll offer sale or return or glass hire for a party which is quite unusual these days.
4	Over the years I have grown to appreciate a good glass, or make that a bottle of wine. Red, white or rose, I will happily give it a go. This has led me to visit a number of wine shops during my time in Edinburgh. And so when I came over the Fine Wine Company shop on Portobello High Street, I had to give it a go.From the outside, through the large panels of glass, you can tell the shop is very well stocked. When I entered the shop has a modern, laid back fell, where you can easily select a few bottles. As I wondered round the store I noticed that a lot of the wines that were on display were not your usual main stream, supermarket wines but were actual from smaller producers (something which they strive to do). The wines are more expensive here than your local supermarket, but this shop does do good deals on multiple buys, something which is always a positive. The staff also seemed very knowledgeable and were very eager to help.A great place to buy a few bottles.
4	One thing for sure is that I'm not a wine sort of person, we just never hit it off, more of a single malt whisky person. From the outside I could see well stocked shelves with various wines from around the world, but l could also see a selection of bottled beers nicely on display and that's what originally bought me in.These guys stock a wide variety of beers a bit like hippo beers but not as big, there must have been at least 6 or more from innis & gunn to choose from.Some items may be pricy but you are supporting an independent and not a chain.Staff are knowledgable & helpful, will advise if you are unsure what to buy.
4	An impressive selection of beers and wines, only a short walk from my flat (which is always a bonus!) It's a little on the expensive side, but it's a small price to pay for the variety they offer. A good place to go if you fancy something to drink that's a little more special than the usual off-licence offerings,
