1	I had diarrhea for six hours.  Ruined my Friday night in Vegas.
2	After reading the previous review I guess I should be happy that my stool stayed solid, but honestly, this place is a joke. There was hard rock music playing in the bar, but not too loud so as not to offend the old people, cause that's the crowd you want for a Vince Neil sponsored tequila bar. There were rock videos playing, that didn't match the music, a middle aged (if not older) Hispanic bartender who clearly had never heard of Motley Crue before getting hired here and a cocktail waitress who was non-stop drama and didn't stop complaining the entire time I was there. I went during happy hour which featured margaritas at half-price that also apparently had half the tequila as well cause it tasted like sweet and sour on ice and half-price appetizers. I had the quesadilla which actually wasn't bad, but not particularly good either. I know that aging rock stars don't have a lot of other ways to make money other than pimping out their names to restaurants and bars, but seriously guys, at least have enough respect for yourself and your fans to make sure the place doesn't totally suck. Vince Neil should be embarrassed to have his name be associated with this place. I was so disappointed I'm going to go break my Doctor Feelgood CD.
4	I looooooooove the happy hour!!! Me and my friend got some shots and the infamous Cadillac Margarita(the blue one) and that was our nightly pregame and we got the 1/2 off appetizers!! The quesadillas were great the first night but the second time they weren't :-(.... But yea it was funny how they played roc videos at a Mexican spot but for the great deals on tequila shots and food I liked it ALOT
1	We missed happy hour and the place was empty.   After being told to sit where ever we wanted, we were chased away from half the bar that was closed for a private party.We had to squeeze three of us around a small hightop table with rickety chairs and looked over one very sparse menu.  We ordered over priced beers that were delivered warm, we also ordered 3 appetizers.  After ordering, we were asked to pay for our meal at that moment.  When we indicated we needed seperate checks, we were forced to place our order all over again.  The checks were delivered (crowding even more the small table) with the warm beers, we had to wait a half hour for our previously frozen now microwaved appetizers to arrive.  We took one bite of all the over nuked horrid food and walked out leaving everything behind.Patronize at your own risk.
1	My wife and I went to happy hour here recently. We were not acknowledged for 10 minutes after we sat down.  I asked the waitress for a menu. She replied "I'm not ready for you yet." We received our watered-down margaritas 25 minutes after we arrived. We sat near the exit and heard several patrons complain of the poor service as they left the establishment. The service here is horrible.  I will not return.
5	For those who gave this Cantina a low rating, you guys were alllllll wrong.  You didn't enjoy this place because you didn't research about it properly before you went.  If you knew when the Happy Hours were exactly, you would have all enjoyed it.  This bar and lounge helped me save a ton on spending too much for food and drinks.  Arriving early for our Thanksgiving vacation, my friend and I caught the Happy Hour from this bar, and immediately we went.  The food was great----you HAVE to read about the descriptions of the menu and the pricing before you go.  If you didn't do anything before you went, then you would miss out on having a great time.  This was my third time staying at Las Vegas Hilton, but my first time visiting this bar.My friend and I ordered their famous Chicken Quesadilla....oh boy, that was such a huge plate.  The second time I went down to this bar with a book to read, I was unable to finish the food....I did take the food back up to the room, but I was still unable to finish the rest of it.  The serving portion was awesome.  It was enough for two people to share.  When you go during Happy Hour, you can't beat the price of $4.99-ish on this plate before tax and tip.  So, why all the complaints, people???Again, I warn the future customers, please go onto Las Vegas Hilton's website to click on this bar and lounge's menu.  They listed everything clearly unlike SOME buffet I went to that lied to me about pricing and made me over-spend.....that was the Rio buffet which I would never go back to again ever.  Vince Neil's Tres Rios Cantina rocks.  Everything there is great----I loved the guacamole sauce that came with my chicken quesadilla plate that I ordered.  If you ran out of the sauce early, the server would generously refill you some.  How can people complain about half-off house margaritas?  My friend ordered one, and the drink was huge!!!!I missed a point about ambiance from the setting of this bar and lounge---there're music videos going inside.  You have the choice to order a program to run it for the entire crowd inside the bar or not.  If not, there's always background music going on.  Seating arrangements are fairly spaced out.  There's a section of couches for minors (underage kids if you have teenagers).  This bar is perfect for small group hang-out, or if you just want to be alone by yourself, with a book like I did, this bar is perfect for that too.Servers are extremely friendly here.  I wish I stayed in Vegas longer than four days, but I had a great four-day vacation, thanks to the help of this bar!!!
1	Bad service!!! Vince Neil.. your service sucks!We came here for happy hour 2-5pm on a Saturday. It was the only restaurant open so we didn't have much of a choice. We waited 15 mins for the server to clean our table. Had to get our own menus from the bar. There are 3 servers that kept ignoring our table. Our food finally came 15mins after and we only ordered 2 fish taco plates and taquitos. In fairness the fish tacos and it's sauce were actually good. However the taquitos were slightly burnt. It might be better if it wasn't overcooked.Overall I wouldn't come here if I'm extremely hungry.. it might not be worth the wait.
1	First, the place does only feature appetizers, which was fine for our group, so I'm not basing this review on lack of entrees. We knew the menu was limited and the area is designed as a happy hour gathering sort of place, but we had no idea of the quality (or lack thereof) of Vince Neil's Tres Rios Cantina.  Whether or not Vince Neil has anything to do with this cantina, it's gross. No, seriously, it's bad. I'll give full disclosure here - Mexican food is not my favorite - but I DO know quality ingredients from crap. And I also know good service from bad. Also, I'm a pretty patient and flexible restaurant-goer, so I'm not just nit picking here.Okay first the service - the night I went it was awful. I suppose it wouldn't have been so bad had it been terribly busy, but it wasn't. About 2/3 of the place was empty (and this is just the front "cantina" part - the restaurant behind it has actually been closed indefinitely.) It took about 10 minutes for the waitress to show up and when she did she handed out menus and was gone for another 10. We got our drink order in and when they came the margaritas were terrible. I'm not sure there was even alcohol in them, but an extra shot of Patron made it all better. I'll cop to poor ordering on my part - it was a happy hour margarita so my expectations shouldn't have been too high. The Cadillac was good though - not part of the happy hour, but it saves you from buying the extra shot. Not only does it save money, but time too because it took about 10 minutes to actually GET the extra shot. After the drinks we ordered an array of apps - the waitress forgot two of them, but we were starving so began devouring what we did have. Taquitos (beef) - decent. They had a little kick, which was nice. Came with sour cream and guac. Not much to complain about there.Fish tacos - STAY AWAY. It's fried fish nuggets with some coleslaw. No spices and no flavor. Nachos - lacking flavor and featured liquid cheese - not grated cheese that had been melted, but seriously bland cheese sauce that doesn't even compete with stadium nacho cheese.Quesadilla - not filled even half way and flavorless.Poppers - meh. They are what they are.We were winding down the meal and our waitress approaches to announce "Okay I'm going home". After an awkward look she continues "so if we could settle up that'd be great." I'm not saying she shouldn't have tried to close us out but her approach could have used some polishing to say the least.Based on the other reviews I've read, mine is about on par. It's not the fact that it's a happy hour place that only serves apps and drinks that gets a thumbs down, it's the fact that the service is awful, drinks are watery and food leaves MUCH to be desired...like flavor.There are several places to eat at the LV Hilton - and zillions on the strip. My advice? Find one of them and bypass this place.
1	My friend and I visited here Friday on Superbowl weekend, as we're both Motley Crue fans we had to pop in for a drink before the evenings MMA event at the Hilton and we couldn't get out fast enough, there were about 4 people in, most of the tables hadn't even been cleared.So we ordered 2 beers off a very surly barman and paid nearly $13 for them, we found a table in the corner drunk up and left, the Motley Crue videos on the televisions didn't even match the songs that were being played.Avoid this place at all costs, small and shoddy not unlike it's owner!
1	Love the Crue and Vince but was sooooo disappointed when I went to this place. First the service SUCKS! The waitress was beyond rude. I went during the 2 Happy Hours which was the only way to do it. I didn't have any of the food only drinks. The first time I went I expected to hear some Rock and Roll since Vince was on the closed circuit TV in the rooms saying how he is bringing Rock and Roll back to Vegas and this would be a cool place to hang out. NOT! Videos of Crue were playing but some soft rock was being piped through the speakers. The other time I stuck my head in and the basketball game was on. Money saver during happy hour but that's it.
4	To start, I must admit that I'm a HUGE Motley Crue fan.  I went here with a couple of friends, one of whom is also a huge Crue fan, when we were in town for NASCAR.  I, of course, loved the setting: Motley and Vince Neil memoribilia everywhere, Motley on the monitors, rock music playing.  The drinks, were good.  My buddy and I ordered the Tres Rios Tequila Sampler and we had some beers.  Appetizers were good, we had the sampler.  We were surprised by the lack of people on a Friday night, but I don't like crowds so that was OK.  Signed the statues out front, which for a fan was pretty cool.  Took a lot of pics.  My only complaint was the waitresses.  They were really slow and kind of annoying.  Overall I had a great time.  If you are a Crue fan, you have to check this place out.
2	Food was very poor.  Beer and Tequila was good.
1	Fuck this place it's shit. What a joke. How about adding some booze to the shitty margaritas. The 70 volt audio system is shit absolute shit.  Thanks for the shiity microwaved fish tacos and the reconstituted dog food quesadilla.  Fuck it.
1	Worst fucking place ever, margaritas didn't even taste like margaritas and the nachos were extremely salted I was better off just drinking mind you I was fucking STARVING since we had all just gotten out of Magic and hadn't eaten. The waitress was a fucking troll and didn't know what she was doing with the checks what so ever which pissed me off even more. I don't expect special treatment what so ever but if you're gonna ask a group how we're paying and just take a card and run it and not come back or even give us the fucking check or let us know what each group is paying for, and what was charged what, then you might as well not ask to begin with. Fuck this place, sorry Vince Neil you need a better staff. Done
1	Took 40 mins to get crappy food.  Took 20 mins to get drinks.
2	Rockers may not also know the best food,..but this rocker in fact know the best tequila! Ooooppphhhh that hurt a little!
3	Strong Cheap Margaritas! ...but thats itWe came here during happy hour for the half price margaritas. The margaritas come in huge goblets and are pretty strong. This is definitely the place to go if you want some stiff drinks before heading out.We also did a tequila tasting - were very curious about Vince Neil's tequila and they were surprisingly smooth. Wasn't too much difference between the reposado and anejo, so they haven't been aged very long, but they weren't too bad. Great quality for margaritas or mixing in tequila drinks. We also got two appetizers, and I have to agree with everyone else - not the best. They were on par with getting Mexican food at Denny's, or maybe a step up from Taco Bell. Also there was no heat what-so-ever in the salsa. We had to ask for jalapenos on the side to get any kind of kick, and even those weren't too spicy! Its a shame because you would expect a place that has its own tequila and great margaritas to at least have decent chips and salsa!I'd go back for margaritas during happy hour, but would skip the food.
1	Food court tex-mex at a low rent mall in Kansas would be one step above this hole. Staff is nice.
1	Went in and sat down on a Sunday afternoon, around 3:15 pm.  There were a few people at the bar and at the tables.  I waited and waited...and waited.  Walked out.
2	Reviews are pretty much right on. Stiff drinks, good prices for happy hour. Appetizers are pretty much canned salsa and cheap tortilla chips, served on Plastic plates. On par with what Dennys would serve if they were a mexican joint.
2	Just about as cheesy as Vince Neil himself.  Drinks are good but everything else is a miss.  I enjoy a stiff drink and they definitely provide that!  After happy hour it is a bit steep but all in all good deal for good booze.  I don't recommend them for much else...
3	Happy hour 2-5pm and 9-11PM everyday, half off house margaritas and all appetizers. in vegas, unless you're gambling, i think its a great deal!  for $2.00 i had a huge basket of chips and salsa and i literally couldnt stop eating the chips! i dont know what they put n the chips but it was soooo good. the house margaritas are HUGE but of course, not strong enough for me.our server was really nice and even though she was the only one on the floor, she was very quick and did a wonderful job assisting us with our order and even suggested what to get and what not to.the whole ambiance of the place is rock and roll and las vegas. 1980's rock music videos blaring through the televisions and even the clientele is very....1980's. LOL you cant beat the happy hour here and for 3 margaritas and a giant basket of chips with salsa for $16, we walked about pretty happy and slightly tipsy.
2	A-OK.  Food was just ok.  The decor was cool.  Server could have been better.  Food was just OK.  Wouldn't come back but it was cool to experience it once.
3	Happy hour specials were cheap. Drinks were fantastic. Appetizers were simple not a whole lot to choose from, just simple bar food. The waitress spent majority of her time in the back of the restaurant by the cook and bartender. Because of the location of the place and the absence of a front door person we thought the place was closed. The bartender was openly honest and blunt. Told us he was bored out of his mind. We told him he wouldn't be bored if his co-worker stood out front and brought patrons in. We honestly thought it was closed because the place was empty at 4pm. Happy hour started at 2pm. The silverware are plasticware from the dollar store. It's perfect for the place. If your a Motley Crue fan and enjoy that type of music you'll like it here.
1	Went in after seeing a show and thought it was closed. We saw someone after about 5minutes and she told us to come on in. we sat in the bar area watching as numerous people wandered by wanting to know the same thing but just walked in and out because the place was empty. We ordered food and drinks,but laughed because the food was served on paper plates and plastic utensils to eat with!! Really Vince!! I felt like I was eating in a food court! Food was horrible!!!Its a real let down for all Motley fans...
1	Food was out of the microwave. It look forever. Over priced for food from Costco. Margaritas were so strong we couldn't drink them for $15 I should have a balanced drink I can consume.   Won't be back.
