5	This is a fantastic concept that every Las Vegan should try. I had no idea what lies in my backyard until pistol Pete (the owner) showed me videos on youtube:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aqpm7KdGyPc&feature=relatedWhat's there not to like about it? Don't miss out on the season as you can try out either at Primm or Area 54. I can't imagine going out to the desert at 100 degree weather if you wait until June and July. Great fun for the whole group. THUMBS UP!
4	My husband and I went and had a blast! It was a lot easier to get going than I expected and I really enjoyed seeing a different side of the Vegas area. The summer is HOT, however, so be prepared!
5	we did this for our anniversary and it was a blast! I can't wait to go sail again! Next time I want to go on a super windy day!
4	Some of the sounds you will hear if you go land sailing:wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . . . this is amazing . . . .whoa . . . wheeeeeeeeeeeeeLand sailing on the Ivanpah Dry Lake playa near Primm is one of the best things I have ever done.  Not just the best in Vegas or Nevada, but one of the most fun activities EVER.  All the joys of sailing -- catching the wind in a sail, tinkering with the direction of the boat to go faster or slower under a broad sky and out in the open air, but without the sea sickness.  And the light weight vehicles attached to the sail by Land Sailing Tours are fast.  With the right wind, you can speed along at around 30 mph -- not that fast compared to a Ferrari, but a foot off the desert floor, it feels amazing.  The only reason it isn't 5 stars is the tourist level price -- $150 per person for four hours.  I had a great time and recommend it to everyone, but it feels like it's worth more like $75-$100 for a trip.  Maybe the company should have a locals rate.  I'd be back at least every other month for a locals rate.
5	I gave this to my fiance as a belated Birthday gift.  We had a great time.  Pete was fun, personable, and a very patient teacher.  He even let us sail longer than the two hours since it was the end of the day.  My fiance had a ball.  At one point the wind was so strong, he and a couple of other guys were trying to race the cars running along I-15!  Definitely would love to do this again and will recommend everyone to give it a try if you like speed and the wind on your face.
