4	Ever since I moved to Vegas from Pasadena California, I've been looking for a nice yoga studio in my area. Studio environment and yoga instructors are priorities to me. I checked couple studios in Herderson area and there was no where I really liked. They were more open space and located in office commercial areas. Barefoot Sanctuary is 20mins away from my house and located inside Wholefood supermarket in town square.  It's a tiny cozy colorful studio with great yoga instructors. It offers small classes with usually 5-8 students. They occasionally offer all different workshops and kids yoga classes. (even doggie yoga class!)  I fell in love with this place immediately right after my first try out class!
5	When I come to Vegas, my Summerlin friend and I meet up and like to try new things.  This trip I found a belly dance class offered by this business in, of all places, a Whole Foods Market (Ft Apache & Charleston).  It was very inexpensive and we were able to sign up on the same day for a drop-in class.  We joked about having to "dance in the aisles" (as in the produce aisle, get it?) but when we got there we found that there was a tiny studio in the back area.  Missy was our instructor and we were her only students!  What was scheduled to be a 1 hr 15 minute class for belly dance ended up being a two-hour, holistic belly dance and yoga/meditation marathon.  But, even though I probably sweat off five pounds in that tiny room, I was enchanted.  The room was beautifully decorated.  Missy was very connected and down-to-earth.  My friend and I have done some belly dancing before, but not a lot, and we were able to follow Missy with no trouble, even learning several new things.  The music was energizing.  The class was fun and freeing and...yeah tomorrow I won't be able to move.  My friend says she is definitely coming back, and so will I whenever I am in town.  I highly recommend this class, this instructor, and this business!
5	I've been looking for a new yoga studio to try since I quit my gym membership. I took a class on Wed night and Cinzia was the instructor. She was sooooo amazing! The class was small not over stuffed like those gym classes, i received so much attention! Cinzia did not let me half ass it like I usually did! I've even done some poses I've never been able to do, I just needed that extra push. The corpse pose at the end is my absolute favorite. I was lying there relaxing, when Cinzia came up and gently lifted my legs and rotated them. How she knew they were hurting is insane.  It's SENSATIONAL!!! The most relaxing and rewarding yoga classes i've ever taken! I plan on signing up for more classes for sure! :)
5	Barefoot Sanctuary is a place where I can call home when I want to relax, and be myself, away from the hustle of the city, life! It's my sanctuary, and a place for me to come together with great new friends. It's a community within Whole Foods, a totally unique place to have a yoga studio! Can't resist the muffins on the way out...
5	Finding this studio when moving to Las Vegas has been a huge blessing for me. The teachers and students are so friendly and welcoming. Even on the first day I came in. I have gone to a lot of yoga studios and none were as welcoming as Barefoot. Barefoot has a community and family vibe. Everyone seems to know each other. The workshops are way affordable and fun. The classes are uplifting and playful too. I have made a ton of friends here in the last (almost) year I have been going to Barefoot. I plan to go here for a long time! I would recommend this studio to anyone who loves yoga and also to anyone that just wants a fun place to be to meet great people, especially if you are new to Las Vegas.
5	I drive across town to come to this studio for the community.  I am not flexible, I am out of shape, I do not have a pretty body - and there is love and acceptance here (love in a non-creepy way - like genuine warmth).  I have never been made to feel bad for what I can't do - merely encouraged to be where I am at and continue towards growth. Sign up for unlimited membership - seriously after 4 classes a month it has paid for itself.   The crowd takes their Oms, chakras, and spiritual energy seriously so if that sort of thing makes you uncomfortable, just keep it in mind - you're going to get a great workout and really an Om or two won't kill you.  I adore my Friday Night Expressive Yoga and Sacred Movement  combo. Expressive yoga is more of a flow yoga, but trust me I am sweating when I am done.  Sacred Movement is a combination of gentle yoga and then dancing which incorporates individual expression with tribal movement.  You do not need to dance well to come play at Sacred Movement. You do not need to bend well to come to Expressive Yoga.When I worked around the corner from them I went every night after work -now I drive across town to take classes because even though I can take yoga anywhere  I can't find the community spirit like this elsewhere.   Namaste!
5	Had not participated in a yoga class in over 5 years and I was searching for a local place to help jump start my desire for a more balanced lifestyle. Signed up for a month $40 sight unseen and it was a good choice. You will feel better and more in touch with yourself. Just go at your own pace and do what you can do. Everyone is warm, friendly and encouraging. I highly recommend giving it a try.
5	A true hidden gem which embodies the yogi spirit!I had an unlimited new-student membership and I was blow away by the welcoming feeling and overall peacefulness offered at this studio. Yes, it is inside Whole Foods in Town Square but you wouldn't know it once the instructor leads you from the Juice Bar (your meeting spot) to the back offices and down the hall. Jada, one of the owners, painted most of the walls which also features her own artwork. She is a gorgeous person inside and out!I consistently took classes with Nathalia and Ginger. Nathalia's class on Thursday nights were amazing, she really made you feel welcome and motivated you to go further during your practice. The room is on the small side so you always receive personal attention and by the time I had taken two classes, she had already remembered my name. Ginger's yin class was so relaxing! I had never taken yin yoga before, but it was so relaxing and her calming nature made it the perfect 730 pm class. I've never felt so comfortable with a yoga studio, many have a slight 'attitude' with new comers and new yogis, but I was practicing with both novice and advanced students alike and never felt like just another person in the room.With a slogan like "your ohm away from home" you can't go wrong! **They have a free class on Sundays at 4:30, try them out!!
5	I first tried out Barefoot Sanctuary during a Yelp Fit Club event and when I found out there were free yoga classes every Sunday at 4:30 pm, I decided to try out the free class with my sister. We signed up on their website and on Sunday, we went.Barefoot Sanctuary is pretty interesting in that it is located within the back of the Whole Foods at Town Square. You meet your instructor by the laptop near the Juice Bar up front and they'll take you back to the room located on the second floor.My instructor during the Yelp event was Jada Fire herself who is just amazing and soothing. For the complimentary class, my instructor was Shelly Loder and she was just as lovely. There was just four students that day and she asked for our names, what level of yoga we were at, and if we had any injuries. Then it was time to start.Because this is the second time I've done yoga (the Yelp event being the first), a lot of positions were unfamiliar to me and Shelly helped to adjust my movement. The class was a lot of fun and I had a good work out. She said we were welcome to return to the free Sunday class as many times as we want to which is awesome. I love how calming and relaxing Barefoot Sanctuary is, and how lovely their instructors are. They are a great yoga studio.
5	I love yoga but don't get to do it often enough...I decided to try out Barefoot Sanctuary hidden in the back of Whole Foods Town SquareMy class was expressive yoga with Jada Fire. Our class was a mix of beginners and those familiar with yoga. It is perfectly named, it was very expressive as well as relaxing and even had a few challenges. I was actually a little sore the next day, which I didn't expect. The room is nice and warm so you even get to break a sweat. The meditation at the end was heavenly and relaxing.Jada is an awesome instructor, non-judgemental, puts you at ease yet encouraging at the same time. I would recommend her class especially for a first timer. Jada is a great artist as well, her work is decorating the walls of the studio. They are soft and flowy.I hope to go again soon, it's a great way to unwind and let everything go!.
5	Great experience! This is the start of my healing adventure. They create a comfortable environment for us to express ourselves and develop our spirit and get our yoga on:) I love every instructor and Jada is amazing!
5	Love this yoga studio! The instructors are kind and knowledgeable. They really make EVERYBODY feel welcome. They have a variety of classes, retreats and they offer refreshments after class!!
5	Went to Barefoot Sanctuary for my first time today. They have an introductory 1 month pass for new students for only $40 and you can go to any classes you want as many times as you want during the month! The studio is unlike any other I've been to, tucked away inside the secret corridors of whole foods market. The space is small and personal and fits only 5-7 students at a time. I took the expressive yoga class today which was a really  great flow. The instructor, Astrid, made everyone feel very comfortable although we were all on different levels of comfortability within our practice. I am going back tomorrow for their handstand class! Basically, if you are looking for a smaller more personal space to practice, this is it. If you like the larger classes where you won't get much personal attention, I wouldn't recommend it.  Namaste
