5	This place was recommended by some vietnamise friends and I have to say that it's excellent. I had the soup (M4A) with beef and the taste was great. It is also very cheap
5	I used to (no longer live in Montreal) come here weekly for takeaways. Always the chicken rice noodle soup. It's cheap and extremely yummy. Everything (talking mainly about the vegetables) is fresh. Serving size is huge. Service is... sufficient.
5	...Dark in colour, the soup was somewhere between transparent and opaque; shading the sexiness that's going on inside the bowl like trying to spy on your hot neighbor taking a shower through a steamy window...
4	Really good pho, spring rolls and decent bun, I just wish my chicken came out a bit hotter. Service was quick and abrupt, but they make a mean imperial roll.
4	Pho usually tastes a bit the same to me everywhere sometimes. But Nguyen Phi, I gotta say, has a really good broth. I think I would actually drink it (which is a big no no in Pho world) all up, but I decided against it. The broth is actually slightly clear which is surprising because most pho places it's a bit murky and they use flavoring/MSG. The only thing I'm not too keen about is pricing here. For a small I paid around 8 bucks, which is quite expensive for a small bowl of pho. Service was ok because they forgot my pho...yeah not really cool.  The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 3  is because their pho is pretty darn good here. I'd come back if I was in the Cote-de-Neiges neighborhood.
5	When I used to take weekly piano lessons nearby, I would practically beg my mom to swing by this restaurant every time we were in the area. Everything about their pho is simply amazing, and their spring rolls are simply a must-get (unless you're allergic to nuts since there are some in the sauce). Even my mother who's the critical type with the food she eats compliments the freshness of their ingredients. The atmosphere is very relaxed, great for bringing friends or family to chat over food. The decor is simple and clean.Also, the pricing is wonderful for its quality; so cheap for what you get and how much you get! You shouldn't underestimate the actual bowl sizes, especially when you're a 5'2" female like me.This is seriously my favourite Vietnamese restaurant and I can recommend this to others with absolute confidence. Even now, whenever I have business in downtown Montreal, I make it a point to head on over after I'm done.
5	Love places like this - nondescript, dark, crowded, fresh smells coming from the kitchen, hushed servers, dinky repetitive 'world' music playing over and over.. Food is excellent, dried beef salad was a WTF moment of flavorful goodness, the pho was complex, rich but light at the same time.  Well played.
4	Best Pho I've ever tried. Broth is delicious with is great. The service is good, although there's someone who talks a little to loud in the cash register but I'll live. 5 star if they bring the TENDON in soups back, it was so good. Affordable too!! Very filling and Pay less than 20 (appetizers+soup)
