4	Though I'm not much of a crafter, each time I wander into Micahel's I get totally sucked in by all the strange and interesting doo-dads.Wandering down the aisles, my thoughts usually go along the progression of of what-the-heck to (figuring out what the item actually is) holy-heck-that-is-cool to (looking at price tag) whoa-that-is-so-not-cheap.   I'll end up with cool odds & ends that I'll end up not using, but thoroughly enjoying myself in the process.
5	When I got to Scottsdale a couple of my art pieces needed reframing. Took them here and Michael the guy at the framing department helped pick out exactly what worked. Love that guy and love my art even more now that it looks so fab on the wall. Will do more framing with Michael at Michael's. PS no relation to the store.
3	Small crowd outside at 9:58 and OMG DON'T OPEN THE DOORS!  No, no, no!  Employees must get that last 2 minutes of non-work!!! Keep everyone out in the heat!!!Once inside, at about 10:01, they didn't have what we were looking for, but selection overall was good- perhaps among the best Michael's in the valley.  Plenty of parking too, and reasonably safe.
4	Great place. It took a while for one of the employees to realize I needed help finding something and when I asked her if she could help me find silicone (decorative topping that looks like whipped cream) for my charms, she said she'd never heard of silicone??? Although I couldn't find the item I was looking for, I did end up buying a bunch of other neat things I found! I would recommend to a friend :)
1	I went shopping at the Michael's located at 16239 N Scottsdale Rdin Scottsdale Arizona this morning. I was looking for a specific craft for my geriatric aunt. I walked into the store and thought I had lucked out right away when I saw an associate a few feet away from me. I said "excuse me, could I ask for your help?", her response was a BIG sigh with "ugh" noise, an annoyed look, and an extremely sarcastic "SUUUUURE, of COURSE" and made an overly dramatic show of putting down the items she was holding, as if I were bothering her horribly. I was totally appalled at her behavior. I apologized to her saying I wasn't trying to interrupt her activities but I needed some help finding a specific craft. She responded by ROLLING HER EYES at me and asking for the item description. At this point, I was just trying to get through my interaction with her so I could find the item but her body language and behavior were so hostile I had to stop and I asked her why she was being so rude to me. in response, she started listing how busy she was. I cut her off saying I would find someone else to help me since she was taken with other duties. I found a manager (I believe her name was Jen or Jenny) and relayed my difficulties with the previous associate. She was somewhat polite but was obviously eager to get the convo over with. She was nice enough to listen to my item description and show close examples of what was in stock to me. But I was still extremely dissatisfied with the lack of skill when it came to addressing the previous associate's HORRIBLE customer service. Jen simply offered an "I'm sorry" about the associate's behavior. I have been a loyal shopper of Michael's for years and have never had such horrible service. I doubt I will be back to this location anytime soon. Joann's anyone??
1	I don't like to write negative reviews, but I was so disappointed by the customer service, or lack thereof, that I received in the custom framing area of this Michael's store last night (Mon., 4/9/12), that I just had to write. First, let me state the obvious: custom framing is not cheap. I had spent over $200 to frame a couple pieces of beautiful & intricate artwork that I had bought overseas, while working in Africa. I was VERY excited to see the finished pieces, and so was waiting impatiently for the phone call from Michael's. The phone call never came, but the anticipated date of completion (yesterday) arrived, so I stopped in anyway to see if the pieces were done. The customer service rep at the custom framing desk asked for my name, and pulled out the finished pieces. I asked if they had been done for awhile, because I was curious how long they'd been sitting there completed, while I was eagerly awaiting a phone call. She told me that they were completed on the 7th, two days prior, and told me that from the notes on the sheet, someone had called me that day. My cell phone, which I NEVER turn off, was listed as the number to call. I had not received a phone call from Michael's, nor was there a missed call, nor was there a voice mail message. I politely responded, "I'm sorry, but no one called." To which she countered, "Yes, they did." To which I again responded, "I'm sorry, but they didn't." To which she again said, "Yes, they did." This went on for a few rounds before she said, "Well, phones are very strange these days." REALLY? You are going to argue with a customer who just spent over $200 on a custom framing job, insisting that I received a phone call I DID NOT receive?It doesn't end there. I wasn't 100% happy with the way my artwork appeared in the frame and the mat, so the framing manager was called to the desk to speak with me. The tenor of this second conversation was exactly the same.Me: "The edge of the artwork is closer to edge of the mat than I was expecting. I was hoping for a little more white space."Framing manager: "That was the edge of the picture; it was the only way to frame it."Me: "I bought the artwork, I remember what it looked like, and the edge of the picture was not that close to the top of the page."Framing manager: "Yes, it was."Me: "Again, I bought the artwork. I remember what it looked like. Maybe it was cut before it was framed?"Framing manager: "We never cut artwork here. I'm the one that framed it. I know what it looked like. This was the only way it could be framed."This also continued for a few more rounds. Aside from this minor issue, I was actually pleased with how the artwork looked, so I ended up taking it home as is, but I was SERIOUSLY disappointed by the haughty and argumentative attitudes of the staff, as if I was personally insulting them by suggesting that I did not receive the expected phone call, and that my artwork was perhaps not framed 100% as I expected.Worst customer service experience I've had in a LONG time.
2	The store itself is excellent....if you need fake flowers, something framed, art supplies, weird craft stuff you can't find anywhere else, and just a huge supply of every kind of craft item you can imagine - Michael's is the store you want.  They offer great discounts and coupons every now and then too.What drives me crazy about the store is the staff.  It's not just this Michael's, it is every Michael's I've been in - a mix of dim folks operating in super slow motion and obnoxious young people who can't be bothered.  If you're trying to find someone to help you - good luck.  I would love to participate in one of the Michael's employee trainings.  I need to know if they hire people like this on purpose or if they are turning good workers into who gives a crap workers via some process.  Maybe it's as simple as they skim through good applicants and go right for the guy that showed up an hour late for the interview - I don't know.Will I continue to shop at Michael's - yes.  Will I complain every time the employees tick me off - yes.  Do I think they will ever improve - no.
3	I visit a Michael's store no less than every other week since I adore DIY and crafts.  I prefer Michael's pricing and options over Joann's as a general rule.  This particular location has ups and downs.  Pros:Great selection of itemsGood, clean clearance section (one time it was a touch disheveled, but on the whole it's clean)Always good deals runningMobile app always has coupons runningCons:Staff wasn't friendly when asked for help around the store (got huffed at and an eye roll when I asked if they had shoe clip blanks by the MANAGER - bummer, usually staff is nice at other locations)Some pricing can be hard to locate - a few of their displays place the hanging products directly in front of the price tag, so you would have to remove all items on that hanger to see the price in the back (mostly in bead section)Had to knock two stars for the rude service and one star for the lack of pricing availability (certainly wasn't asking that same MANAGER) - but the cashier was super sweet, so that really helped bring this place back up a star, so kudos to her.  Next time I'll ask front end staff where things are and not the manager.
4	We love going to Michael's locations and this one is no exception to the rule. It's easy to get lost in these stores and walk out with crafts you never even thought you'd about doing. They also are a great spot to shop for seasonal decorations and the items usually go on sale about a week before the holiday, which is even better. I've no doubt we will be back to this store in the near future.
4	Clean store, super big and filled with tons of stuff. I love the super cheap section they have by the cash registers filled with $1-3 stuff. I'm giving this place only 4/5 stars because it is hard to find someone to help you, especially since the store is so big. Besides that everything else is fine. Lines can get long though. Easy parking and tons of it.
4	This store always has what I'm looking for. I love how I'm able to use a mobile coupon every time I shop as well. There's usually always a 40% off on the phone. I've been shopping at this location for many years. They have improved on their cleanliness and customer service from previous years and reviews. They still can improve on cashier help, too many people on the floor and not enough people ringing. They should have back up before there is a line of 4 people, especially when you see one lady has half the store in her basket.They usually have holiday items marked down to 50% off before the holiday too. FYI ;) There are always many great deals and quality products at this location. Their clearance section is easy to find and is super organized and I very much appreciate that.
