5	The place is clean the prices are reasonable and the team members are hilarious.
5	The place is super clean and the decor is beautiful! Tweety and Kim do the best work @ this salon. Both ladies have a great sense of humor. Both are very talented in their work. The Spa Pedicure is the best with the Hot stone Massage....Heavenly I must say. Kim takes her time during my Pedi's. What a way to relax after a long day at work! I recomend you check it out for your self. I have no complaints and will continue to keep coming here!
5	LOVE LOVE this salon!! Have been using Tweety for years... AMAZING service &! great nails!
2	$40 for a mani/pedi.  The prices are pretty steep, compared to the hundreds of other nail salons in the area.  I asked for a pedicure only, but they somehow talked me into getting a manicure as well, which I thought was super pushy of them.  I gave in and let them do a manicure as well.  Both the mani and pedi chipped within days.  I won't be coming back.
4	My feet have been very neglected over the past few weeks, thanks to my post-holiday exercise/hiking/climbing binge.  I really wanted a pedicure but I didn't want to venture too far from home as it's been kind of cold lately (....yes, I'm Canadian, but I'm from the WARM side of the country!!).  I walked into Royal Nails and Spa and was immediately struck by the shininess of the place.  It was immaculate: gleaming white floors, pristine countertops and chairs, clean (whitewashed??) walls.  The staff is Asian and speak passable English; they do like to speak in their native language to each other while working on their customers' nails, so if this bothers you, either speak up or hold your peace.My regular pedicure took 45 minutes and included the standard buff, file, exfoliation, and polish.  It also included a hot stone leg massage and hot towel treatment.  Nice!  My feet emerged from their scaly cocoon (gross, yes, but evocative image, oui?) sporting a pretty purple palette pick.  :)  Total cost was $25 before tip.I'm definitely coming back!
1	My 15 year old cousin was visiting from Utah and I decided to take her here to do something fun together and to try the place out. She had the acrylic full set done and I had a pedi. We also had coupons but ended up paying more because they said they had used a more expensive polish after the fact, which we were never asked for, but ended up paying for it. I thought it was rude, but paid anyway. Two days later my cousins nails changed to a yellowish color and the nails were chipping on the edges. We went back to the salon to get them re-done, with an open mind and not aggressive at all. From the moment the older lady working there saw her nails (we think the owner), she started scolding us very defensively saying that it wasn't the salon's fault or her products that it must be something my cousin was eating or her make up. The reaction and comments that we received was/were extremely racist saying that "you Mexican's like to eat tamales and that's what happen", "all the spicy food" and also accused my cousin of being a liar.  I'm not a confrontational person and avoid being disrespectful. I immediately told her that she was also a minority and she shouldn't say racist things and to treat people, specially her customers the way she would like to be treated. My cousin explained to her that she gets them done all the time and  this problem has never happen before.  While we were there another young girl came in asking to get her nails fixed for the same problem. I will diffidently not come back and I suggest everyone to avoid this place. There are plenty of great salons with professional technicians that would appreciate the business.
2	I've been to this salon maybe 15 times.  7 of which I was told an appointment could be set and the older man that seems to open always looks like a deer in head lights when I walk in because they are completely unaware of the appointment book and what the point of having one is. Its a buffer to appear professional when the appointment is set but they have yet to pull it out and look at it upon my arrival.  For 2 months I have scheduled with Paul at 9:30 on Saturday and for two months I walk into a blank stare and told Paul will be in at 10.  Last time I let the old man do my pedi just to get started thinking this would eventually discontinue, today same act. The old man asked me what did I want him to do for me, I said, meet my appointments would be a start or stop scheduling me 30 minutes prior to my techs arrival.  His response was I do t know why your complaining to me, what do you expect me to do.  I will never step foot in this shop again.  And their "appointment book" was usually pretty bare so clearly its there for no purpose other than to appear as professionals.  Far from it.  Tweety and Paul both do good nails.  Due to poor business standards and attitudes toward repairing that, I wouldn't recommend looking forward to their work.  Is an appointment really SO challenging?
5	Love this place.. It's very close to my house so I decided to give it a try.. Got a mani & pedi both gel at the same time. Was out of there in 1 hr. The girl doing my pedi gave me a wonderful massage with hot stones and then wrapped each of my legs with a warm towel. In addition, everyone was very friendly. This was a very relaxing experience and my nails look great, I will definitely be coming back.
5	My Mom and I got pedicures here for the first time yesterday. She looked up best pedicure in Las Vegas and Royal Nails popped up. It was a great experience! It's a beautiful salon right up against the mountains for a beautiful view. Tweetie is so nice and her son David gives a great pedicure and the best leg massage I've ever had. I have very sensitive skin so he was really gentile and it was wonderful! He's a cutie with a great sense of humor so you really can't go wrong! We will be back for sure!
5	Awesome pedicure. Very cute and clean salon... Found it on yelp. Sweet manicurist named Lily. Took her time and even did a Hot stone treatment!  Visiting from out of town, but I will certainly come back!
1	meh...everytime I have had to come here because its the only place open that late on Sunday I end up regretting it instantly. 2.5 hrs to get a regular fill and color change on  toes. they dont aknowledge your requests (shape of nail,thickness etc) the owner come across very disrespectful calling you "amiga"  if you look latina to her. I was charged 33.00 for a fill and color change (i shouldve went to  top nail by meadows mall for 15 fill and 10 color change and been alot better quality of work and felt like an appreciated patron. They make you feel as if they are doing YOU a favor by doing your nails. Girl bye. never again
5	Tweetie is an artistic and talented nail tech!  I love the music notes, treble clef, base clef and sparkles she puts on my nails!  Today, she sprinkled me Christmas for my party!  I love the foot massages, hot stones and towels!  I'm a massage therapist and I'm impressed with hand and foot massages!  Thank you so much for making me feel like a princess!  All technicians are talented and you will love it at Royal Nails!
5	Love coming here!  It's nearby and convenient....I've read all the other reviews by other patrons and (my opinion) they are just being EXTRA sensitive! Everyone is friendly and attentive!  Tweety is AMAZING at her craft!  She is always booked so make sure you call and make an appointment.  The prices are moderately priced..... I'm sure you can go somewhere else and get it cheap BUT THEN AGAIN you get what you pay for ((IF you know what I mean!)) Regular set of nails are like $25, but go for the gel $40...they last longer and they are done RIGHT!!! Their spa pedicures are ON POINT!! Those hot stones mixed with the massaging really relax you. Bottom line... I've gone to other places but I am faithful to this place here!  It's so much better now that I've built the relationship with the owners and the workers as well.  They know what you like, and how you like it! So DON'T go off the crappy reviews others have posted... You need to go in with an open mind, a good personality, and the ability do take a joke!  Ultimate "lady time"
