5	Known for their steakhouses, the Mastro Group's seafood house in upscale Kierland Commons offers an overwhelming choice of seafood dishes...in addition to their extensive menu they had about 10 specials on the night I ate there.  I opted for the surf and turf...a 12oz filet and "huge" alaskan king crab legs.  The filet was to die for (one of the best steaks I've ever eaten) and the crab legs were awesome.  They have an excellent wine list and a hoppin' bar scene.  The excellent food does come at a high price $$$$.
3	I have a hard time with restaurants that offer too much, and this is one of those, give me 5 specials, not 15, and don't give me all of their prices, because I am not going to remember anyway.  The steak was absolutely superb though, and the seafood was good.  The waiter kept spitting on me, maybe he just didn't like my face.  The bar/restaurant is HUGE an happening, so don't come here if you are looking for an intimate atmosphere.
5	Mastro's Ocean Club...skip the valet and park your car far, so you can walk off what youre about to consume. you will be stuffed, and still go home w/ tasty leftovers.well worth the money you will be dropping for dinner..impeccable service, mindblowing fresh seafood out in the desert & man do they know how to make a drink. martinis here will knock you over.Once again, skip the breadbasket, request only the pretzelrolls (and butter!)Seafood Tower: Dungeness Crab Cocktail, Shrimp Cocktail, Blue Point Oysters, Kumamoto OystersSauteed PrawnsBone in RibeyeBone in FiletChilean Sea Bass Oreganata styleAsparagusMastro's Mashed PotatoesLobster Mashed PotatoesTwice Baked PotatoesCreme BruleePick any of the above, and you will leave a little poorer, a few pounds heavier, a wee bit tipsier but fall asleep with a big smile on our face.But if you're watching your wallet or just want to chillax, hang out in the lounge area, order a few drinks and one item to share, munch on the free pretzel rolls, and 40 bucks will make it a night on the town, in the dessert.
5	Very cool place... great food!  Beautiful restaurant.  Great bar area.  we had very good meals....just a tip... split everything.  If you buy for yourself,  you'll never finish.   The soup is for two and the sides are for......   a small family. The entrees are Enormous.   The Drinks are the stiffest ever 3/4th's booze 1/4th mixer.  seriously they bring the glass to the table to show you that there's pretty much nothing but alcohol in your glass then throw in a splash of whatever you want.  And the glasses aren't those rinking dink rock glasses!  they are the kind of rock glass you could barely palm.  Gorgeous people everywhere.  What an awesome ambiance!!!!!!   top notch!  loved it!  It's the kind of place that can make you happy.  go with friends and party!  wait staff was the best!!
4	This is the sister restaurant of Mastro's Steakhouses.  This is a seafood restaurant, however they serve the same cuts as the steakhouses.The service was impeccable, the food was also great.  Went here while on a business trip, so I didn't spend any of my money on it.  This place is expensive though.  The bill ended up being around one hundred and thirty bucks per person.  We were drinking though, so that probably added 20-30 per person.  This is the kind of place where the waiter who serves you is 50 years old and has probably been waitering his whole life - and it shows.  Service was really great.This is also the kind of place where there is a guy in the bathroom handing you towels.  Not a huge fan of that, but thought I should mention it.Their bar is huge and stacked with anything you can imagine.  They also have a big screen TV in the bar.I recommend it but it is a very expensive place (like all Mastro's Steakhouses).
4	Go to Mastros City Hall (Drinkwater) for a better steak, but you can get decent seafood here and great atmosphere with a bar scene.
5	I came here on a business happy hour - turned - dinner and had a fabulous experience. There were about  7 of us to begin with and we took over several high-tops, but as our party grew to about 20, they still were very accommidating and pushed table after table together in a bar which it's space is always in high demand. By the time we were done, 4 hrs later,  people were literally looming over our shoulders for our spot.We started with a tower of shrimp cocktail, calamari, and crab cakes, and a variety of martinis. All excellent. Then as the drinks kept flowing we decided to dine right there. I shared scallops and a filet with a co-worker and I kid you not - the best scallops i have ever had in my life.  Absolute perfection. The sea bass someone else ordered looked equally good (He said he's been spoiled by the sea bass here and cannot order it from any other restaurant.) If you want perfect seafood and drinks for dinner, come here. If you want to see and be seen with the Scottsdale elite, come here. The people watching at this bar is second to none. I think after it was said and done, the bill came to the upper thousands.  So don't come here unless you are prepared to drop some $.
4	Who's taking me to Ocean Club?  Anyone?Holy Crap I was there last night for the first time and just had a few drinks at the bar with friends.  DEAR GOD if the food is anywhere near half as good as it smelled....  And I've heard that it is.Extremely pricey and the bar was packed.  A little rowdy too for the age group there, definitely an older crowd...lots of cougar hunting going on by my 20-something guy friends.  Definitely more of a scene than, say, Capital Grille...louder, etc.Loved the decor and the music (they had some dude singing but it wasnt obnoxious), not to mention the bathrooms are impecable and huge.  I only wish I could give a review on the food but like I said, we didnt eat...  *sigh*  Maybe one day....
4	Things I love in this world:1. Fish2. Steak3. Old rich guys4. HUGE fake boobs5. Cougars with huge fake boobs6. The circusSo this much is pretty much like Disneyland and for me. Circus boobs aside, this place has great food. Everything from the hot pretzels in the bread basket to the extensive selection of fresh fish is fantastic. The service is usually pretty good and they make a mean dirty martini.And did I mention all the fake boobs?Perfection.
4	The service is outstanding and the seafood is excellent (I've had the sea bass, scallops, salmon, ahi and filet) but if you were eating the same food anywhere else I don't think it would stand out relative to the exhorbitant prices. I've eaten here several times, all on business trips (read: expense account) and overall it's a good place to entertain clients.  I don't mind paying for a phenomenal dining experience, but I wouldn't spend my own money here.  Also, considering the food they're serving and the prices, the wine list is suprisingly uninspired.
5	So far, the best seafood restaurant we've been to in Phoenix.  Everything was excellent, from the menu, to the food quality and presentation, to the service.  Definitely a place to take someone to impress.  I've been there a half dozen times or so in the last couple of years, and never been dissappointed... okay, once, when I couldn't get a reservation when I wanted it.  If I didn't like trying new places, I would go back to this restaurant much more frequently.
2	As a preface to this review, I got food poisoning the only time I ate here--and I haven't garnered the courage to eat here again.  Yes, I know I should get back on the horse, but the painful memories of the Tet offensive being played out in my stomach are too fresh in my mind.  So, you can disregard my review or let it light your way as you navigate the various restaurants in the valley.  I have an affinity for those who will do the latter--but I'm very self involved.  Now, onto the review.I highly anticipated my meal at the Ocean Club.  I was fairly new to the valley and numerous people championed the dining experience for its great food, great ambiance and interesting clientele (*cough* cougars *cough**cough*).  Plus, I am a huge fan of seafood.Upon arrival, I was impressed by the interior and I was surprised that it was so crowded on a weekday night.  However, the best part was the clientele which made for some fantastic people watching.  My buddy and I settled in at a table in the bar area and were greeted by a very friendly and attentive waitress (the service at the Ocean Club is top notch).  Immediately to my left was a table with a manther (male cougar) and two attractive young women.  Needless to say, I was elated with our seating arrangement because I knew something interesting was going to happen that night.As I perused the menu, I kept one eye on the awkward May/December flirtations to my left.  Remember, I was still a newbie in this town and was not accustomed to this type of mating ritual.  Anyway, I ended up ordering a salad and the sea bass entree.  My salad was tasty and I was completely satisfied with my choice.  However, my contentment was tested when the manther's appetizer arrived.  The seafood tower, the Hummer of the appetizer kingdom, was placed at the table next to mine devoid of any pomp and circumstance.  Such regalia was not needed because the sheer size of this thing is a spectacle in and of itself.  I'm not going to lie, a sense of inadequacy started to envelop me as I gazed at this mountain of seafood goodness.  Luckily, that feeling was short-lived because I convinced myself that, much like the Hummer, the seafood tower was merely a cover-up for certain personal deficiencies.  At this point, I realized that my cynicism is really getting out of control and I probably needed to go to group.  Soon after I finished my salad, my entree arrived.  The presentation was very good and I was ready to taste the best seafood in the valley.  As I took my first bite, I noticed that the consistency of the sea bass was near perfect, however, it didn't really taste right.  It didn't taste bad, just not what I was expecting.  To my detriment, I chalked this up to fish being flown in and a myriad of other reasons why it didn't taste like the sea bass dishes I've had in the past.  At the end of my meal, I had high marks for the Ocean Club.  The food, the service and the people watching were great.  However, these positive reactions were soon discarded after I felt the first rumblings from my stomach later that evening.  The rest of the night was spent sleeping on the floor of my bathroom and questioning every choice I had made in life.  Ok, the last part is an exaggeration but you get the idea.One of these days, I will suck it up and give the Ocean Club one more try because this was more than likely an isolated incident.  Of course, I may wait until I reach manther status so I can order the seafood tower and not feel like a hypocrite.
5	If you want seafood in AZ, this is the place to go....actually, this is the best seafood I've ever had.The scene:Okay....the bar area?  Older crowd, for sure.  It was actually quite entertaining watching these older women trounce around like they're still 20something, getting hit on by the older men...well men probably in their age bracket.  The food:Great.  Amazing.  The presentation and service is fantastic.
3	Fuck this place.It's my birthday today and we had reserved a "quiet romantic table for two" over a week ago. We arrived on time, yet we had to wait - not a problem since we understand they are busy. However, they took us to the middle of the main room. It was ridiculously loud... louder than any bar or concert I can remember being at. I couldn't hear from across the table. I couldn't hear the waiter either. We asked to be seated elsewhere - there were many areas that were more private and obviously quieter. They tried to accomidate - or at least they pretended to look busy as though they were going to accomidate. So we waited. We drank our "still" water and stared across the tabe at each other. We snacked on our bread.... ONE HOUR LATER... we still had not been moved. We were tense and stressed out by all the noise... noise that could hardly be called 'ambient' - boisterous self-important blow-hards all talking over each other. The room lacks any sort of sound baffles or acoustic panels - a feature that would pretty much fix this problem.After an hour of sipping on still water and nibbling on bread in the cafeteria for rich cunts and fake tits, with no sign of our promised and reserved table opening up, we decided to leave. We didn't get any resistance or much of an apology. In fact, they seemed happy they could have an open table to turn over. We asked how much we owed (nothing), tipped, and left.Just because it's Superbowl week and I'm not P-Diddy, that doesn't mean I shouldn't get the table I reserved... my money is worth just as much as anyone elses. I find that their servers merely act as though they are busting their ass to kiss yours when in fact they aren't so interested in you as they would have you believe.So anyway - in spite of this place having great wine selections at reasonable prices (considering the cost of the food), great pretzel bread, the illusion of great service, and good food (when they allow you to order it), I won't be going back. It's not worth the hassle. An hour is simply too long to wait for someone to take so much as a drink order. Plus... just fuck all of North Scottsdale in general... especially Kierland. It's like Dubai - looks good on paper and in pictures and in theory, but the reality is you wouldn't want to live anywhere near all those assholes.I considered giving this place one star for ruining my birthday, but I figured it best to just take away one star... I reviewed this months ago and had given it 5 stars because I was rounding up from 4 and a half. This place really deserves the 3 stars. They need to communicate better... and pull their heads out of their asses. Original Review from 10.01.2007:5 stars...Fantastic seafood dishes... most places in the valley get it wrong, but this place does it right... Better than Wildfish, better than Steamers, better than Fish Market Restaurant, better than McCormick and Schmuck, even better than Sizzler. Hot damn. Service is top notch. Wine selection is great too... I had one of the best bottles of wine I've had in my life here. Pricey, but worth every penny. Every dish we had was amazing. Oh god, and the pretzel bread. I had to take some home with me. Something so simple, yet it's so damn good. Hate the location. Hate the crowd. Hate that it's so expensive... but the food is worth it and the atmosphere is beautiful. If you eat here twice a week, you have too much money - give me some.
3	Big freaking place! Great happy hour crowd with top shelf drinks -- even better if you stay for dinner -- some of the best seafood I have ever tasted... though it will set you back more than a few bucks.The decor is upscale -- though most people are dressed casual.We had a reservation and still had to wait 20min.
5	The best seafood I have ever had. Better than Italy. Better than Greece. And I am from Seattle! The best. The ambiance of the place is top notch as well as the Kierland Commons in Scottsdale. It's is an oasis in the physical and cultural desert that is the Phoenix metropolitan area.
5	I don't know much about rating food, but the food here is so decadent that it gives me stomach aches afterward, which I guess one can take as a sign of high quality.  I think it was the super creamy sides that did me in but they're phenomenal.  The atmosphere was great, and the open windows letting the breeze in were a treat in May.  We were with a large group in one long table and the combination of the loud music with restaurant chatter made it difficult to make conversation, but I think everyone preferred to stuff their face with cream corn anyway.  Also, you can dress fairly casual, despite the tuxedo'd waitstaff.  My husband had on shorts and nobody kicked him out (five stars for that alone).
5	Like Mastro's City Hall, always great food and service! Similar menu as City Hall just more emphasis on seafood. If it makes a difference to anyone, I find that City Hall draws a slightly younger crowd (30's) than Ocean Club.Bon Appetite!
4	Fancy seafood-steakhouse in Scottdale! 4/5If you are looking for great ambience and great food, Ocean Club is the place to go! J and I went there last year and we loved the food. It is basically the Mastro's menu from other Mastro locations but added seafood component in it. Great steak too! The price is on the high side, with around ~$35-45 per entree. The bill could easily come around $200 plus drink. Would definitely check back!
3	Overrated and expensive. When Oceanaire opens at the Biltmore, I'd gladly drive down there versus Ocean Club.
3	Nice decor, gorgeous entry, always a crowd.  Last time we went, though the husband and I were just annoyed.  Ordered a great bottle of wine, asked about seafood appetizers, making sure we let the waiter know we didn't want the ginormous seafood tower and whaduyaknow, we got the darned tower on our itty bitty table.  Couldn't see each other the first half of the meal.  Would've been totally funny if we could've gotten the waiter to stop acting so stuffy. By the end of the dinner (around $300), weren't even in the mood to watch the pick up scene (older crowd - entertaining, though) in the main bar area. Will go back-might try to get a (bigger) table, though.
2	This is where the people go when they want to LOOK like they know good food & to mingle with hotties, cougars & your run of the mill Scottsdale ghoul. You know the social ghoul - the ones that our giving our city a bad name.Let's see....where to start. HUGE portions. These people are still in the frame of mind that more means great, screw quality. Fat people and dumb people will embrace the super sized meals.Ambiance? My ass. Our server Billy didn't take our order until AFTER we'd finished our appetizer, leaving us 20 minutes to stare at the wall. The bussers hovering nearby forgot to remove every dish we finished. We were SO disappointed. This place was a hangout, not a serious dining experience.  If you KNOW food, don't go here.
4	Optically Impressive!  Valet service with all the nice wheels displayed curbside.  Walk in and you know you're going to have a quality night.Just there for drinks? - the bar is designed for a complete visual effect with bottle art stacked on shelves to the ceiling with colored lighting...don't worry sports fans, your favorite playoff, pga, mlb will be tuned in so you can order round after round.Seafood or Steak?  Every table I walked past had the signature chilled seafood tower (Lobstah, big honkin shrimp, crab legs, oysters)....it will not only impress, it tastes so fresh it's worth splurge for a special occasion.  Petite filet on a super hot white plate was fabulous and the lobster mash is a signature side.  Service matches the drink and food quality.Walk from the Westin Kierland Resorts is okay.
3	I thought this place was alright.  I had a $100 gift certificate so I decided to take my parent's to this restaurant when they came into town.  Of course, $100 didn't go very far, but that wasn't a surprise.The staff was very attentive but our waiter was very talkative and kept on trying to do the hard sell on the high ticket items.  UGH!  I ordered the petit filet which was very tasty.  My dad ordered the scallops and they were absolutely delicious.  My mom ordered the swordfish which was pretty good.  The portions weren't too big, with the swordfish being the largest portion.When all was said and done, I'd probably give this place 3.5 stars out of 5.  Nice place but I expected a little more for the money.
5	I went there last night with bf to celebrate our anniversary. After pre-yelp, we knew what to expect as to prices, so it wasn't so much of a shocker.To the food, we concur with almost everyone here. It was impeccable! We ordered the ice tower for 2 and thought that it was very well presented. Ours came with 3 appetizers (raw oysters, crab claws and dungeness crab) so it wasn't too high. They are all fresh. Growing up I used to go to the beach quite often just to have fresh crabs, so I know what those taste like. And for 6 years living in the desert, Mastro's is the first and only one in AZ to deliver that.  For main course, I got Ivory Salmon "Oreganata", bf got Swordfish blackened. I am quite picky when it comes to fish, and bf isn't exactly a fish person, but both of our dishes "surpassed expectation." I couldn't say much about swordfish except it was fresh. We had the same dish 2 weeks before at somewhere else, it was nowhere near as sweet and fresh as the one at Mastro's. It was my first having Ivory Salmon, it was sweeter, and white (hence the name) than normal salmon we get around here. Mine was good size portion, firm to the touch, but melted in the mouth. The flavor was subtle enough to enjoy by itself, or you can add one of the sauces provided. One of my favorite sauces of the night I think was made of minced tomatoes and olives, came with the main course.Sides were Lobster Mash and Snap peas. I didn't really care for snap peas as I can make them at home. But lobster mash is a MUST for those who go there. I'm not sure how they prepared it, but it felt like mash potatoes made with lobster bisque (instead of water and milk) and added lobster chunks. It was much more flavorful and creamy than a normal mash potatoes. It was big enough to share and take home. One thing though, it hardened up after sitting out for awhile, so I'm not sure if microwave could make it all fluffy again after 1 night in the fridge.Drinks there are amazing, from the presentation, to the taste, and definitely the amount of alcohol in each drink. We decided to go with cocktail drinks rather than wines because of other yelpers' reviews. Total worth it!!!The service was amazing. We had Robert. We pretty much asked him for recommendations for everything, yet he was nice about it and very knowledgeable. Next time we go back, I would definitely ask for him again.We didn't order dessert since they gave us a dark-chocolate "Happy Anniversary" cake with the letters written, also, in chocolate. The overall experience was 4 3/4, just because it was a bit difficult talking to each other. The acoustic of the room wasn't very good and it got loud. Didn't see much of cougar/manther scene as we were in the dining room. And maybe it was during weekdays, we saw lots of "expense account" people though
4	If I were a rich old guy, I'd eat here every night. I'd appreciate the lively atmosphere that's just modern enough to be cool but still masculine and clubby enough to remind me of my favorite steakhouse, and the service that makes me feel like a king. I'd love the top-notch, expertly prepared fish and steaks, the ginormous portions, and the way they make everything -- including lettuce leaves -- deliciously heart-attack rich. I'd amuse myself with the many ways I could drop coin here, including $4000 bottles of wine and behemoth seafood towers that require my waiter to shine his flashlight on them so that I can see my food because the dry ice is clouding my vision. But alas, I'm most definitely NOT a rich old guy, so I'll have to shelve this place for super special occasions such as...well...impressing a rich old guy.
5	I only ate here once, so I am only rating the one meal I had there. But when I tried the Chilean Sea Bass, my faith in God re-emerged. I saw the light! Honestly one of the best things I've had in my life. Maybe I don't get out enough, or maybe I was so hungry that even vegan food would have the same effect. It's expensive as hell, by my standards, so if you've got the benjamins check it out.
3	I think enough time has passed since my visit that the staff has turned over and no one would even remember me, except for maybe the lady who I rudely and crudely badgered into tipping the awesome pianist.  What can I say, by that point I was drunk on his playing, it couldn't have been the one martini I had!  Well, we had the crab cakes at the piano and what I can remember, they were wonderful.  Unfortunately, I can't remember much except stumbling out on my husband's arm, falling into the car and passing out.  They make a hell of a martini!  But I still remember the music, and damn that man could play.   If anyone knows where he plays currently, email me!  3 stars, since I really only drank and ate crab cakes at the piano.  But 5 stars for the music.
5	I've never had a meal that I didn't like here.   They have a prime rib that literally makes the table tilt (it's so big).  The pretzel bread is so amazing that you have to be careful not to spoil your appetite.
4	Great place to get some great food! Love the ambiance and atmosphere that this place offers. Can get a little pricey if you go nuts like we do but its nice to indulge every now and than. Nightlife is very good too as the live music and bar crowd are top notch. This place is a must visit!
5	I went here for my birthday this year. The best part was my friends picked up the tab:) The food was fantastic. When I found out from a friend who works here that the same chef who created the city hall menu is the executive chef at ocean club I knew getting a steak to compliment my fish was the right choice. The only down side was that everyone who went out that night were so full that we decided that it was a better idea to go home ad sleep than hit the clubs.....well maybe that wasn't a bad thing after all.
4	Met some friends here for dinner. Had already had the pleasure of dinning here several times before but this time got the seafood tower and was really impressed with the fresh, sweet and ice cold sea treasures adorning this tower.   I was so full that I couldn't fathom ordering an entree.  But there is always room for dessert.  Great service as you would expect.  Bar is quite the bore with the "do you see me?  I'm one of the cool people, I have arrived"  bullshit attitude.  Who you kidding?   Watch me leaving.
5	The food will change your life.  I just can't afford to eat here!
4	Yummy! This place was fantastic from the moment we stepped inside. The decor, wait staff, food...absolutely top notch! Our waiter knew exactly what he was talking about and explained the dishes to us in detail without any hesitation. We ordered an order of regular caesar salad and the spicy mambo caesar salad to start, which were very good. The spicy mambo version had wasabi in it so it definately had a a great kick. I had the sea scallops which were sauteed and drenched in a luxuriously creamy white sauce....absolutely divine! I can still taste it in my mouth! LOL. Hubby ordered the sea bass which was really tender as well. Overall had a very nice, last night in Scottsdale and I would recommend this place for a nice, romantic, elegant evening out!
4	I love good seafood and great martini's and this place will not disappoint. You will need a bit of extra dough though as it's priced as  high as the quality of the food, but with every penny for a special occasion.
5	I love the Ocean Club !!! Especially the bar. . If you want a Great dinning experience . . you should order from the bar . . .to sit and watch live entertainment while you dine is an aweome experience. . .Your bartenders at OC treat you like a good friend so your comfortable,..If you have a party of 4 or less definately sit at the bar for a WONDERFULL dinning experience. . The bartenders are REAL and fun!!!
5	Ocean Club, along with all the other restaurants in the Mastro's group, is as good as it gets.  While pricey, the service, decor, food and selection are all top notch.  I have eaten at all of the Mastro's restaurants several times and you just can't go wrong with any of their food.  However, I seem to always go towards the filet along with any of their delicious side dishes.  This time I tried the crab gnocchi and it was great.
5	I'd come back just for the bar and their complimentary various styles of bread
4	I've been to ocean club now more than a few times. Every time I leave with mixed feelings! Their seafood is second to none, and they go out of their way to ensure it's freshness! Thier steaks are by far the best I've ever had, as with all their resturants. I have to say it again Mastro's steaks are the best!!!!! Service is unbelievable! The resturants is beautiful and elegant, you really get the feeling that you are dining somewhere special! However, there is something about the energy there that bothers me. I have a hard time putting my finger on it, but pretentious is the word that comes to mind! It's definatly a place to experience especially if you have never been, but I'm happy visiting only once a year!
4	Same cuts of meat as the steakhouse. Rib eye is to die for! Scallops are on crack! Twin lobster tails are sweet and firm. Seafood tower appetizer can get a little pricey depending on what you order. $400 dinner excluding alcohol, worth every penny!
5	The website is wrong. It is http://www.mastrosrestaurants.com/ Hands down, by far the most DELICIOUS meal I have ever had in my life. Truly cannot understand how this doesn't have five stars from everyone. If I could rate it 100 stars, I would! Before getting to Arizona I heard from everyone I spoke to that we HAD to go to the Ocean Club at least one night. While my expectations were high going in, I was completely blown away by everything. The service was world class. Wish I could remember our waitress's name, she was superb (pretty blond woman originally from Ohio who was working in the downstairs area near the bar). We came here on Saturday night with my parents who were in town as well for the weekend. Loved sitting at the high top tables near the bar! There was plenty of room for everything... Wine was delicious, we had two bottles... The menu was overwhelming but our waitress really helped us work through it. We had the steamed mussel appetizer and salads, in attempt to save our appetites for the main course. The mussels were delicious and there were plenty for the four of us. For dinner my mother and I shared the bone in fillet and the twin lobster tails. They split everything for us before coming to the table and served everything on plates that had been heated to 400 degrees... Our entire meal was fantastic, I am drooling just thinking about how delicious that steak was. My fiance and father both had the 22oz bone in rib eyes and had plenty left over to take home for lunch the next day. We shared some sides, but they were nothing to report home about in comparison. Once we were finished and everything had been taken away the wait staff dropped off their signature Warm Butter Cake... Our server got it for us since it was our first time there as a surprise. WOW. WOW. I am a HUGE dessert snob and when I say this was the most incredible thing I have ever tasted... that is an understatement. It was so insanely delicious I cannot even begin to describe it. Let me just end with saying that if you are in the area and want the most delicious meal you've ever tasted... go to the Ocean Club. I cannot wait to get back.
4	I have to admit, I truly don't think a better steak exists anywhere in the world.  Total perfection.  Also a great (albeit overpriced) wine list and great seafood.  Sadly, however, I find myself totally incapable of dishing out the requisite amount of ass-kissing required to dine and/or receive quality service here.  There's nothing I hate more than eating in a restaurant that acts like you're patronage is somehow inconvenient to them, especially considering the fact that I think my wife and I are pretty low effort, high return customers.  Ocean Club is worth it on occasion for the awesome food, as much as I hate to admit it.
5	Five stars... because I didn't pay. Actually, the one and only time I've visited the Ocean Club was for a company Christmas dinner.  I no longer live in North Scottsdale or work for that company and now the office Christmas Party consists of Boston Market chicken that we have to share.  Damn you, recession. Moving on, the Ocean Club has a great piano bar full of lively music and older men looking to hit on women young enough to be their daughters (me).  In all seriousness, I found the environment to be full of classy fun.  In fact, it was a bit rowdier than I expected it would be.   My martini had dry ice in it, DRY ICE.  If that doesn't look cool, I don't know what does.  The seafood tower was incredible.  I must say, this is the way to celebrate a year of hard work.Bottom line, the Ocean Club does it in style.
5	What is there bad to say about this place except my stomach can't expand enough to keep eating everything in sight.  Seafood was so fresh and delish.  Side dishes were to die for.  Great martinis.  Excellent service and ambiance.
4	Man this food is physically hot, no touchy the plate. Very good upscale seafood restaurant that is a branch of Mastro's steakhouse.  Still had a few steak choices, as well as their signature pound cake dessert; which is my favorite!I expected to hear crickets (on a Tuesday night) upon entering with the down turned economy and all, but instead was greeted by a packed full boisterous dining room!  Apparently our economy is alive and well in Scottsdale, hope it spreads to the rest of the nation ;)
5	Wow...I have been here multiple times and Ocean Club never disappoints!!!!!!  The ambiance is so nice...and I love the live music they often play there.  Wonderful seafood and wonderful drinks....ah....I just love Ocean Club!!
5	I'll add to the numerous 5 star ratings here. I was at first skeptical going to this place as its location is in a larger shopping center (pretty typical for Phoenix/Scottsdale). I had been to the Mastro's in New Port Beach, CA and didn't think this one would hold up but I was wrong. This place has it together from the time I called in my reservations to when I walked out the door after dining. Yes it is expensive but at least you feel like you get what you are paying for here. Portion are huge so I suggest sharing and the service staff is happy assist. Thomas our waiter was super professional and friendly. Not a hiccup all night. They have two wine lists, expensive and very expensive. However pricing was not too far out of line from what you would see elsewhere for the same wine. I have had fish literally all over the world and there fish was some of the best I have had any where. I had the wild, line caught, white salmon, delicious! To Mastro's owners, please put a Mastro's Ocean Club in San Francisco, I think it would do well there. If you have a special occasion or date I highly recommend Mastro's Would/will return when in the Scottsdale area again. Only negative I saw was paid valet, at this high end establishment and with tons of available parking it seemed almost silly. Tip: Portions are large so share.
3	Just wanted to let people know that this place is not good for intimate dates. We went there for a nice Valentine's Day meal and were sorely disappointed. Not only was it extremely loud, they had packed tables into the dining room to accomodate more people. I could barely hear my boyfriend when we were trying to have a conversation.The food was fine but I think for the price of the meal, we have definitely had better food and better dining experiences.BUT this place is fun to sit in the bar area and listen to the piano players, much much better for a group dinner than a romantic date.
2	both stars are for its bar. fish is not even mediocre -- it's terrible. appeared steamed with some Lawry's all-seasoning on top. overcooked at that. sides are even worse. didn't try the steak. wine list is very pedestrian. but the bar rocks and people watching in the bar is great. just don't order the food unless you are VERY hungry.
5	Amazing!! Everything was perfect. Dinner ran about $300 pp including alcohol and tips but we were dining extravagantly. I cannot wait until I win the lotto so I can eat here once a week!
5	If there was a choice to put 10 stars, id so rate it a perfect 10!!!! Loved the food, everything was as fresh as it gets, service was awesome, by far the best place we've dined at in arizona, the setting is lovely!!! Everything was perfect, eventhough its pricey, but definitely worth every penny!!!!
3	I guess I had ridiculously high expectations because I love, love, loved Mastro's Steakhouse and a like seafood even more... I thought it would be the perfect combo, but I ended up kind of disappointed in Ocean Club. Maybe I ordered wrong, but my dish (and my date's) were far from outstanding; no great flavors or anything exciting at all about our food. The people watching in the bar area was great! I think the man to woman ratio was about 10:1. A perfect place to go if you're a single woman looking for a Tommy Bahama shirt wearing older North Scottsdale man who hangs around expensive restaurants.
5	My daughter and I discovered this place when we first moved to Scottsdale and fell in love with it! The steaks are cooked perfect, The fish is delicious, and the desserts like strawberries with whipped cream  best eatin on the piano bar is superb! Its a great atmosphere to meet people and have cocktails. If you are really feeling wicked you must try the chocolate sin cake when you feel like indulging in a moment of ectasy.
4	Was in Scottsdale for Spring Training and looking to get a great steak.  Everyone I asked kept telling me to go to Mastro's Ocean Club.  now I know why.  From the minute you walk in, you are surrounded by excitement.  The bar area was packed, but not so bad that you could not get a drink.   The meals were fantastic and the steak was prob one of the 3 best I have ever enjoyed.  Highly recommend inf you are in Scottsdale.   Not cheap, but worth it.
4	My friend and I decided to go cougar hunting last Tuesday and I knew this place would not let us down.  I have not eaten here yet, but I will try it soon, when the time is right.  I've eaten at Mastro's steakhouse, which is excellent so I assume this place does not let down.  After two $18 martinis (yes... $18 friggin dollars, but you get the shaker which is good for two pours (the second being a bit more watered down)) the bar started to get friendlier.  We were surrounded by what looked like several baseball players' ex-wives.... 50-somethings with tons of right hand bling, and leathery skin, but done up well and with the correct level of inebriation, pretty doable :)The ambiance is best in class, and the wait staff was attentive and friendly.  I'll never be a fan of the 1000 degree plate (cook the food in the kitchen, not in front of me or I'd be at Benihana) but the seafood looked stunning.  Great place for a business dinner as well.I was bothered when the valet moved my Dodge rental car out of the way for a Ferrari F360 but you can't win them all.
5	Mastro's exceeds all expectations in all categories.  It is truly a first class establishment serving the best of steak, seafood, and beverages.  Their wine list is amongst the best I've seen and will satisfy the most discriminating of tastes.  You're guaranteed a wonderful experience through and through when you dine at Mastro's Ocean Club.
5	This place is just hands down exquisite! White Salmon!!!!!! Start to finish I can't say a bad thing about this place. The decor is impressive, and the drinks awesome. They have a $3600.00 Seafood Tower appetizer if you have that kinda cash. I gotta say though if they ever offer it to you as a special "White Salmon"...  Get it! It was like candy. Never had anything like it. UNREAL!!!!! Now I'm hungry....
5	The butter cake.... why oh why did I let myself be tempted by the butter cake. I SWORE I was full, and refused to look at a dessert menu... but it just appeared at our table... 0_0 BUT IT WAS SO DELICIOUS!So...We thought it would be very nice to get some friends and their family together for our college graduation (and a birthday). 11 of us including 3 former students and one current student were seated at a long rectangular table right by the windows. It was a beautiful night out, and these window panes were open allowing us to feel like we were eating on a beautiful patio. The service was excellent! The entire wait staff was very attentive, and were always ready to come over and fill our water or to make our dining experience even more enjoyable.The atmosphere was also excellent. Ocean Club is less stuffy than Mortons but more lively than The Palm. The restaurant has a nice vibe to it which is complimented by life music.To start I ordered the oysters on the half shell. This is presented with 6 fresh oysters on a mountain of crushed ice. These are served with fresh horseradish and cocktail sauce. These were very fresh, I just wish they gave you more! For dinner I ordered the 22 oz bone-in ribeye (medium). This was perfectly cooked and delicious. I like to think of myself as a mini steak connoisseur (one likes to dream :) ) and this steak was certainly one of the best I had. Other people in our party ordered the filet, which I also tried and thought was great too.The sides are easily shared. For the table we ordered sauteed mushrooms, spinach, scalloped potatoes, and I believe some others.After drinks, this huge meal, and all the sides... I was beyond stuffed.Out of no where appeared 4 butter cakes with congratulations written on them in chocolate, and a candle for our birthday boy. As I put my spoon in to some vanilla ice cream and some cake and brought it to my mouth, my stomach seemed to get compacted and some space appeared. Before I knew it, 1/4 the cake was gone and I was satisfied. In summary, Ocean Club has a great atmosphere, amazing food, and outstanding service. For a special occasion, a weekend, or for anytime, Ocean Club is where it's at!
5	Perfection.  I don't know if I could love Mastro's more. Seriously this place is so amazingly good. Love it, love it, love it.So now that my mouth is watering I'll tell you why.My boyfriend took me to Mastro's City Hall for my birthday last November so in return I took him to Ocean Club for his birthday. We were feeling more casual (too hot to dress up) so we sat in the bar where you can still get the full menu. The bar was lively with a piano player singing old favorites (Billy Joel, Van Morrison, etc.)To start the evening off I ordered a Peartini. I was a little surprised at the price $18! But when our waitress brought out the drink with the shaker, $18 didn't seem so bad anymore. I got about 2.5 glassfulls and the drink was really strong. I certainly got my money's worth. Even after I stuffed myself I still felt tipsy. And the drink was really yummy.On to the food. First thing they bring out is their bread basket. I could seriously just eat that for dinner and be happy. It includes these pretzel rolls that are to die for. SO good! It's worth going to Mastro's for the bread basket alone. No kidding.The boyfriend loves bacon wrapped scallops. we saw they had scallops on the menu so we asked if they could wrap them in bacon. The waitress said she would ask and came back to say they would. Yay! So we got the appetizer size to share and they blew us away. One, they were huge, two they were served with this fantastic buttery sauce. They were cooked just right, they melted in our mouths.Next we decided to split a filet and get a side of au gratin potatoes. The steak comes out on a sizzling plate and the potatoes were served in an iron skillet. The steak was great, cooked just right and full of flavor. The potatoes were drowning in cheddar cheese - almost too much but we're from the midwest where there really is no such this as too much cheese.We were getting full but it was boyfriend's birthday so of course we had to order the butter cake. Wow. This cake is fantastic. We were expecting a slice of cake with butter cream frosting but instead we got a mini cake, kind of like a rum cake without the rum. On top was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and it was surrounded by slices of oranges and strawberries. Oh, and it's served with a huge side of real whipped cream. No Reddi-whip here! This cake is out of this world. One of the best deserts anywhere.On top of the great food we had a fantastic waitress. She was fun, helpful, didn't rush us, she did everything just right. A good waitress can add so much to the experience and she really helped make our evening special.I can't wait until I can get back to Mastro's again. By far my favorite steak house in town.
5	I took my Hubby here for his 25th Birthday last night & we were both blown away by Ocean Club. Hands down, one of the best meals we've ever had, period. We made reservations for 5:30pm because Entourage was premiering at 7:30pm & we couldn't miss it. It was nice having the place pretty much to ourselves, there were only about 3 or 4 other parties around us. I liked the dim lighting & the chairs were comfy. Our server Eric was very friendly & answered any questions we had regarding the menu/food. The bread basket was promptly brought out with our glasses of water. Most of the breads were hard as rocks but were pretty good. The best bread (& softest) was the pretzel bread, I wish we got a basket of only that, it was so good! We aren't fancy drinkers so we didn't order martinis (although I kinda wish I did). Hubs ordered a couple Captain & cokes & I ordered a Vodka (Grey Goose) cranberry. You definitely get your alcohol's worth here, more than 3/4 of the drinks were pure alcohol. For an appetizer we ordered the Vanilla battered shrimp. It was only 3 pieces, but they were HUGE. The outside coating reminded me of funnel cake you get at the fair. Sounds gross with shrimp but it was so delicious, & the dipping sauce it came with was so tasty! For our entrees, my Hubs ordered the Alaskan King crab legs & I ordered the Ivory salmon. For our sides we ordered the sauteed asparagus & Mastro's mashed potatoes. The crab legs were so fresh & they even cracked them for him. The meat was so sweet & tender, my Hubby polished off the whole pound! The salmon was just as good, so fresh & cooked perfectly. This was my 1st experience with white salmon & I must say I might like it even more than pink. The sides were delicious as well, the asparagus were cooked & seasoned perfectly & the mashed potatoes were just right with all the bacon goodness! We were both stuffed beyond belief but being the dessert junkie I am I had to order the Butter cake that everyone raves about. WOW, so sinfully good! It was so moist with the perfect little crunch on top. Like others have stated, it is pretty pricey. Our total came to about $180 (I think they threw in the Butter cake for free since it was Hub's Bday-nice!) but it was more than worth it! We will definitely come back for a special occasion & most likely my Hubby's 26th Birthday!!
4	You won't find a better steak in the world.  Awesome atmosphere, always packed, great waiters and waitresses.  Be prepared to spend some big bucks.
4	1st rate! Huge portions. Everythng can be split if you agree to eat same thing. Great way to save $$ but they might toss you out for not spending enough. Maybe sit at bar and order and split it all? When I called for reservation they asked if it was for a special occassion and I said it was our anniversary...but there was no aknowledgement from waiter, hostess etc.....since we're not regulars we were sat in the "rookie section" which is the main traffic aisle by the door.  That's a pet peave of mine when they sit rookies or someone they don't kow in the crap location.  Anyway.......service was 1st rate. Quality of food 1st rate.  Is it worth the high prices?  To each his own on that......would I consider it a good value? Nope.  This place is a splurge.....when you feel rich and want to burn $$, really starving, so big portions are OK...then book it!PS:  This is no more of a splure than Morton's, Ruth's etc.......same type of place.
4	I do really enjoy the food here.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because when I want to have a very nice meal with conversation and great food, atmosphere, I would want a more quiet, fine dining restaurant. When OC is busy, it's loud, even when you're in the back section...I guess that's just not my cup of tea for a formal dinner.  That said, if you want fun people/cougar watching and throw back a few glasses of wine or cocktails, sit in the bar area and have a great meal, with almost as good service as any other table.  Their shrimp cocktail-LOVE LOVE! best mix your own cocktail sauce with a huge portion of fresh horseradish to make it hot like I love!  If you are splitting this make sure you request to add one more shrimp, since it only comes with 3. It comes extravagantly with dry ice spewing out underneath it. Very nice presentation.  Salads are huge and just so-so.  Ruth's Chris has better crab cakes, oysters rockefeller-just okay...Bread bowl is yummy, assorted warm breads of all sorts!The great part:Chilean Sea Bass Oreganata style (lightly seasoned bread crumbs soaked and crisped in BUTTER)  This is a large portion and I always end up splitting it. If you really want to splurge, they have the absolute best lobster mashed potatoes!  The lobster is layered out on top, not mixed in, as to not make the potatoes fishy tasting.  It's a huge portion with a good amount of lobster and  topped with more butter! Potatoes are super creamy but not overly whipped up, they have some texture to them. It is definitely a decadent dish and can potentially be a very heavy meal for 2. The creamed spinach is killer too!One of my all time favorite desserts is their BUTTER CAKE...{Is this becoming a theme here? }  It is slightly sweet, slightly crispy on the outside, 'light' and fluffy on the inside, comes warm with fresh fruit and a giant bowl a fresh whipped cream.  It is to die for!
4	I guess I expect more now.  We really had a very nice meal.  Mike our server was perfect and entertaining.... always a nice bonus.  We enjoyed a fantastic bottle of wine, and the food was very good.  When the tab is this expensive, I want to taste something very creative and not something  I could create at home. Lobster mash potatoes a $30 plus side item are they worth it.... not sure anymore.  The butter cake was fair this time not as good as I remember.  I guess this is a place to go when someone else is buying.
5	have been here many many times. this is a beautiful place with delicious, delectable food and fabulous service!! even though the name of this restaurant leads you to believe that its only sea food, that is incorrect. this place has top of the line fillets and other such meats, the best side dished i have ever had and perfect sized potions. the best thing to get there is the lobster mashed potatoes. they have large chunks or lobster meat mixed into a delicious batched of creamy mashed potatoes. makes for a fabulous meal! enjoy!!
2	Should be renamed, Unnecessarily Overpriced Ocean Club.   It is exactly like any other upscale Seafood place with about a 30% markup on almost every item.   Some even more.Things I liked:1. The bread was great.2. Attentive service. 3.  Nice decor.4. Good Calamari. 5. Good Lobster Bisque. 6. Great Petite Filet.7. Good mashed potatoes.8. Great wine selection. Malbec's!9. The clientele didn't seem as douchy as other reviews led me to believe.  I didn't see one gal that looked like an ex stripper.   Maybe they come in later.Things I didn't like.1.  Insanely overpriced.2.  Waiter suggests unnecessary things.  Ours recommended too many side dishes and adding extra shrimp to our appetizer.  I can only think he would do this to pad the bill for a bigger tip.  Take whatever he suggests and divide it by two.  You will probably still have sides for leftovers.  3. The seafood is nothing special:  Sashimi Ahi Tuna was as chewy and tough.  The vanilla battered Sole is merely a twenty something dollar Fish Fry.  And a not very good one at that.   The other seafood items ordered were very forgettable. 4.  As mentioned above the steak was good, but some others are really overpriced.  If you want to charge $40-$60 for a steak it better be dry aged or come from a grass fed or organically fed cow.  Give me some reason to spend that much! There is no mention of that anywhere on the menu and the waiters make no mention of it.  This is why I can safely assume they are wet aged instead, as most steak houses are. 5. The place is loud.  We got there before it became busy so we noticed as the sound level increased. 6.  The menu is almost exactly the same as the Scottsdale Steakhouse, but the Seafood is placed above the meat portion of the menu.   In the end the food, despite its price, is not very inventive.  The seafood tower seems interesting until you see it is nothing more than an ice bowl filled with the crustaceans of your choice and some dry ice to attract attention.  Maybe that is what this place is all about, attracting attention.  If so, this would explain the reasoning behind a $7,000 bottle of wine.  I won't be back, and given the steakhouse has the pretty much the same menu I won't be trying that place either.  I will take my steak needs to Michael Mina's Bourbon Steak.  Or maybe save a few bucks and "Slum It" at Ruth's Chris or Flemings.
4	This is a review of the bar only.We stopped by for a cocktail on a Saturday night.  Drinks are outrageously expensive - $15 for a mojito? Give me a freakin' break!  However, the high tariff is somewhat mitigated by the fact that a) they know how to make a drink here; b)  it's a truly beautiful bar; and c) it's like a glass-bottom boat tour of the mating rituals of North Scottsdale.   I mean, really.  You kind of have to see it to believe it.  Mrs. Wanderer and I sat in awe observing the scene unfolding in front of us.I would try to describe it in more detail but if I started, I'd hit the Yelp character limit before I could do it justice.  Suffice it to say, it's a nonpareil anthropological experience.
5	If you're looking for fresh seafood, great ambiance, & exceptional service you need to check out Mastro's Ocean Club. Their seafood is flown in fresh daily. If you order a martini, you not only get a full martini glass, but a half full shaker as well. Even the bread basket is delicious! (I have a soft spot for the pretzel bread). The halibut is delicious, but the vanilla battered lobster tail is my absolute favorite. Like flavorful mashed potatoes? Order the Mastro's mashed potatoes! The sweet potato steak fries are delicious as well. Looking for a great steak instead? No worries. They serve the same great steaks that they serve at Mastro's Steakhouse & City Hall Steakhouse!
5	Oh my!!!!
3	I was in town staying at the Westin Kierland on a work-related trip. Here are my notes from dinner on a Wednesday night.1. The restaurant is conveniently located a short walk (across the street) from the hotel in an upscale shopping mall with a number of restaurants including chain establishments such as this one, PF Changs, Mortons, and The Cheesecake factory along with places I've never heard of before (Bar NoRTH, Ra Sushi Restaurant, The Greene House...possibly also chains?)2. The music inside was way too loud and made it difficult to converse with my dinner companions and hard to hear our waiter. The live band was certainly lively and a nice touch but a few notches quieter would've been preferable.3. Our waiter, while amiable and knowledgeable about the menu, was a little too wordy. His spiel wasn't super helpful as he took a long time to summarize some of the menu offerings. The order of his descriptions was kind of hapazard and we hadn't had the chance to look at our menus. Plus, the loudness made it hard to understand him.4. Portions. In a word, HUGE. I ordered the 12oz sashimi style ahi tuna. It was monstrous. I ate a little more than half of it and had to pawn the rest off on my colleagues with heartier appetites.5. Food. Starter was the chef's salad... My tuna was cooked nicely but was presented on a plate of sauce that was extremely salty. I had a bite of my colleague's braised salmon. My bite was rich, creamy-tasting, and melt-in-your-mouth moist. Delicious. But he didn't end up finishing his plate and I could understand why. A giant 12oz portion of such a rich piece of fish inevitably leads to diminishing returns...6. Drink. My waiter recommended the Ginger Breeze cocktail for me to go with the ginger that came with my sashimi-style tuna. Not a fan. Too sweet and I couldn't taste the ginger but it did come in the shaker it was made in and was at least two martini-glasses full of drink (like everything else here, they don't skim on the portions).7. Dessert was the signature Maestro butter cake. Pretty much as advertised, rich, buttery yellow cake with ice cream and whipped cream on the side. I had no real beef with the dessert. I liked that the whipped cream was placed in a separate dish and the ice cream was a tasty (though hard to pinpoint) flavor. The cake itself was good but not great. It smelled and tasted strongly of butter sugary goodness and was very moist and rich.8. Service. Throughout the night, service was great. Drinks were always promptly and seamlessly refilled. Bread basket came right away and we even got a refill of that.tl;dr this place is swanky and upscale, specializing in seafood and steaks. The ambiance is loud but service is great. Overall, my experience was fine but the food missed the mark for me as everything was over the top.
5	The Tuna Tartar appetizer was just brilliant.  It couldn't have been better in my opinion.  The service was top notch.  Great location for hosting clients!
5	Coming from Texas I had high expectations....and Mastro's exceeded my wildest expectations!   Wet aged beef is my new gold standard for prime beef!  The bone in rib eye was the BEST I have ever eaten, and the unique bone-in filet was very flavorful and very unique!   The mac-in-cheese was the ideal accompaniment to our meal and the house salad was the perfect prelude!In Fort Worth & Dallas we regard Bob's Steak and CHop House as well as Del Frisco's as the "go-to" prime steak houses.......Mastro's has easily eclipsed both of these fine benchmarks.
5	Had a bday dinner at Mastro's two weeks ago, and it was a great experience! Prices are very much similar to City Hall, not cheap!I was surprised that they had one of my favorite oysters - Kumamoto (from Japan). The Kumamoto oysters are small (smaller than blue point), mild flavor, very smooth with a bit of sweetness! Yum!For entrees, I had the Lemon Sole (a bit of creamy but flavorful, very soft) with a side of Scallops (over on a creamy tomato and basil sauce, so good!!) And mom had the Petite Fillet (very tender and juicy even it's cooked in well-done)..I love their bread basket! They were maybe 5? different kinds of bread, and my fav is the pretzel bread!Service was excellent! It was a busy Wednesday night, but was able to get a reservation two hours before our arrival...There were many 'business-expense' tables; the decor is upscale, but i thought they were kinda tight...It's definitely a great place for some fresh raw oysters and other seafood! Hmm, may just wanna come back for those delicious oysters!
5	If your looking to treat yourself or wine and dine someone this is the place to do it!  SO AMAZING, went here for my dad's 50th and we totally over indulged.  Cocktails-perfect and filled with booze, Seafood Tower-PERFECT way to start the meal, Wine-FLOWERS Pinot Noir is now added to my favorites list, Entrees all rocked....The Seared Tuna, Petite Fillet, Ribeye, White Salmon and the Seabass were soooooo tasty.  Next time I'm probably going to get the seared tuna-my mom won the dinner ordering battle ;) oh and our sides were fantastic!  get the mac n cheese-totally not the classiest thing on the menu but you will not regret it; we also got brussel sprouts and sweet potato fries :D so if you can't tell we REALLY indulged but it was worth it, every penny :) PS save room for the butter cake-just like Mastro's City Hall's and it will ROCK your Freaking world :)
5	I had a great dinner.  Had a filet on bone and lobster mashed potatoes. If you are here in Scottsdale, make sure you go early!
3	A good place to go when you're on expense account. Very good quality food. Excellent service. Classic old school style steak and seafood house. A lot like Morton's or Gibson's. No surprises here. The lobster mashed potatoes were impressive as was the crab meat gnocchi. Book your reservation before 6:30 as the place gets packed every night (mostly out-of-towners)
4	12-23-10We met a friend for dinner at Tommy Bahamas in Kierland but it was too crowded to get seated so we walked across the street to the Ocean Club.The place had a very nice feel to it but was also packed.  We found a table and enjoyed their excellent wine list until my husband got hungry and we decided to stay for dinner.About the food:  We started with a Caesar salad and split a petite filet mignon.  The salad was very good and the steak was moist and tender and well-marinated.  We were very pleased with everything, including the California Pinot Noir.  Not to mention, the ladies room has an attendant, which is a nice touch.We highly recommend the Ocean Club at Kierland.
5	I've eaten here at least five times per year for the past ten years.stopped in last night after hitting Parc Central, Prime Bar, and Zinc Bistro (eat at zinc!).uber fancy.  the "experience" is from the start.valet parking.pretty, late teens, directing you to your table or to the bar.service is the theme here.  the food is good, but the service is better.sea food is the specialty, but they offer a killer rack of lamb.  i have eaten pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu (my own plate or stealing off others), less the roasted chicken.  i don't know why the F you would order chicken here, but there's always some yahoo, or it wouldn't be on the menu.the food is straight forward.  NO creativity, just in your face. "here's your 22 oz bone-in-ribeye, and i hope you took your aspirin and Lipitor, sir."  sizzling on a white plate."Family style" means sides you share.  get HALF of what you think you can eat, because you cannot, and you want to save room for dessert.  seriously, you do.Get the shoe string fries, and share them with the table next to you, especially if the couple is cute.  Get the lobster mashed potatoes.  no, the waiter is lying that "we have a special offering, lobster mashed potatoes." that's bullshit; they have been on the menu for like 5 years.Get the truffle gnocchi. (may be a mastro's dish, i forget). i would eat that even if a bird pooped on it.  it's also great for leftover breakfast.save room for desert.  carrot cake, fresh fruit with creme, it doesn't matter.  whatever you get will be good.  i promise.attire: dress up, please. i know you think you look cool in kakis and a polo, but, umm, you don't.  put some make up on.  your'e not in an arizona city polygamist compound, so use some mascara. please.food: no frills in your face seafood and steaks (and chicken in you''re from georgia)bevies: $20 to $600 (or more) for wines.  i have seen two wine lists.  both make me cringe.  one cocktail is two! they leave the shaker. they have many apres dinner drinks also.service: the bestprice: better be on a business account or you better be rich.  the bill is painful.
2	We went there for an anniversary dinner on 1/19/11. After reading reviews, we were really stoked to try this place. My first stop was to the ladies room, where an attendant first of all wiped down the sink area and turned the faucet on and off for me. Okay, I could deal with that and the towel she handed me. Though I did think that having a cash basket placed halfway over the towel drop was a little heavy handed. After dining there, this seems extremely pretentious . . . very few high caliber restaurants (including Chicago's Alinea, SF Ritz Carlton, etc.) do this any more. First of all, forget any romantic ambiance - could barely talk to each other as it was very loud. Our waiter was very professional and saved this place from a single star.For starters, I had the Mongo salad which to my taste for spicey foods was nicely flavored, but overly dressed; the husband unit had the calamari which was nothing special other than a HUGE starter with rather pedestrian rounds and lacked the authentic quality of true calamari fritti (such as Kuleto's in SF). BTW, everything we observed was on the HUGE side, leaving us who are somewhat disdainful of being wasteful at odds with our conscience. There is no way that we could begin to finish the portion sizes that came out of the kitchen. At the table next to us, the woman exclaimed, "OMG, if I had known it would be this large, I would have asked to share it!!" as someone else at the table had ordered the same thing.She ate maybe a third of her entree.For our main course, I had the Chilean Sea Bass and there are no complaints here. It was wonderful. Husband had the Vanilla Battered Sole which arrived in Long John Silver style, HUGE five pieces, which he returned to the kitchen as he deemed it inedible. We opted to share the much raved-about Lobster Mashed Potatoes. Again, HUGE and swimming in butter. We ate maybe a quarter of the order.All of the wine that we ordered by the glass, was very generous in portion, and we have no complaint there. Since it was our anniversary, they gave us a HUGE slice of chocolate cake with a candle . . . nice touch.Unless you are in for a real pig out, a linebacker, or bulimic, I can't recommend this place. We've eaten at some of the best in the world, and this doesn't cut the mustard by a long shot. The bill was not extraordinarily expensive . . . but give us quality over quantity ANY day.
4	Although this is what I consider one of my favorite restaurants in the Phx metro area, I just can't bring myself to give it a full five....dining in the lounge is a must from the (sometimes) live music and impressive people watching.  If their service was that much more "on it!" ,decrease the average patron age by 10 years, have the band's play music from my generation, add a few more Malbecs to the wine list, and other than that, this place is perfect.The price for the food is right although in no way cheap, the lobster mashed potatoes, are always a must.  For any dessert lover, most menu items come with fresh whipped cream....yum!I love that this place is classy yet not too stuffy where they do not require a jacket, a NO jeans or NO sandals policy, and even allow me to wear my hat....Parking sucks, so one is pretty much forced to pay for valet which will leave you some singles foe the bathroom attendant....Folks, I am taking something close to perfect yet pointing out the items that I take into account.  You will be sure to impress anyone you bring here and if you don't have a budget and care what you spend, enjoy and go nuts.
4	The bar here is lively and really comfortable.  Large high top tables have very comfortable chairs, unlike most bar room high tops.  Service was good, as was the food.  I could have done without the live music, but that's a personal preference.  We'll be back for sure.
4	Go for the entertainment (people watching), the large bar area, the drinks, the bread basket, the SEAFOOD, the live music (albeit las vegas cheezy), and the BUTTER CAKE.Standouts:SEAFOOD TOWER, Shrimp cocktail, Rib Eye, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Mastros Mashed Potatoes, Gorgonzola Mac 'n Cheese, Green Beans and Almonds, and again the Butter CakeService is great except for the bar area but if it's not packed and if you can get seated sit at the bar area!  There's often live piano playing but if that's not your cup of tea the people watching is um entertaining at the least.
4	Hubby took me here for velentines day. Must say, he got a big wet kiss for picking this place. Very fancy & romantic with it's dim lighting. We sat by the piano bar where a live band was playing that evening. Made me reminisce of restaurants in NYC. Service was top notch, even on a busy evening. Great wine selection. We decided on a bottle of Cabernet which was excellent! Sorry, forgot the name. Hubby had rib eye steak while I had the Chilean Seabass. We shared two sides of gorgonzola Mac n Cheese and wasabi mashed potatoes. I was expecting a dime size meal but I was mistaken. Portions are very reasonable! I am not a meat neater but holy mother of god...that steak was ammmaazziing! Perfectly cooked medium rare and it just felt so good in my mouth! So tender and well seasoned. My seabass was also good but I prefer Eddie Vs version. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed this. Tasty & just kinda melted in my mouth like butter. However, the sides didn't do too much for me. Too much melted cheese on top. All I got was a big chunk of cheese with every bite which tastes like rubber band especially when it cools down. I was also expecting to taste some wasabi in the mashed potato but didn't taste a hint of it whatsoever. Regardless, we had a great experience & would definitely come back to try the other dishes this fine restaurant has to offer.
5	One of my favorite places to go on Friday and Saturday night for seafood is Maestro's Ocean Club. I try to get there by 5:00 PM so I can eat dinner at the bar without having dinner reservations. After 5:30 the bar is very crowded and music begins at 6:30 and there is a small area next to the band where you can dance.The bartenders at Maestro's are amazing and every drink they serve comes in a 16-oz cocktail shaker so you're basically buying two drinks. For appetizers I recommend the Dungeness crab cocktail, Oysters Rockefeller,  Ahi Tuna Tartare and Lobster bisque.For my main course I recommend the Chilean sea bass, Pacific swordfish and the Florida grouper.  Of course if you're craving a great steak you can never go wrong with the Bone-in filet, New York strip or the Rib eye. If you love mash potatoes you must try the Mastro's mashed potatoes or the Lobster mashed potatoes.Mastro's receives a five star rating for great service and the food is consistently good.
3	The food was good, not anything materially tastier than a morton's or other selective fish house.  the decor is awesome, so is the service.  the wine list was pretty progressive, some old world off the charts selections and some new world innovative product.  by and large though, it didn't have the WOW factor.  It didn't deserve the $$ they were charging.
4	We went for my birthday and the butter cake is one of my  desserts of all time.  Shared many things this night and it made the price not exorbitant. Still a fan for very special occasions, service is always amazing.
5	I'm not a seafood lover so something has to be amazing for me to even eat it.  The sea bass at Ocean Club is the most phenomenal thing EVER!  It's shocking to hear that come out of my mouth so you know there must be something special about this sea bass.  The steaks are pretty fantastic too.  And the bread sticks are down-right addictive!  It has great ambiance as well and the piano music is a treat.  I highly recommend it.
3	As far as Arizona goes this is good seafood, but compared to other cities I've been to where seafood restaurants are more abundant, Ocean Club is nothing special. I do like the ambiance of the restaurant and the service typically seems to be fine, but for the price I'd rather go to another one of the more expensive places that Phoenix/Scottsdale has to offer, even in the Kierland Commons area. I have eaten here probably 3 or 4 times and never been blown away by anything I have had. My main issue with some of the seafood dishes is that there is too much added flavor (sauces, etc). Bottom line is if I'm going to spend $30+ on entrees there are about 10 other places I can think of off the top of my head I'd rather go.
5	Excellent place for a nice dinner, A classy place to bring friends for cocktails and food
3	If you want to hoit your toit, the Ocean Club has you covered, and the seafood here is extraordinary. I lopped one star due to the usually wonderful service being off last night, but the seafood tower with iced crab, oysters on the half shell, and pink, chubby shrimp the size of a child's fist can go far to assuage lax service. The OC has long been the place to watch your local legislators, honchos and botoxed, spray-tanned Scottsdale tennis set letting their hair down next to the piano bar. The clientele here doesn't mind paying $18 for a cosmo with cool dry ice bubbling it up into a witches' brew, but the music before ten was blasting so loud that even intimate conversation was nearly impossible. Why a restaurant of this caliber would shatter ambience with ridiculous amps is beyond me. We ordered a basket of string fries as an appetizer, and our waitress suddenly had bigger fish to fry since we didn't order the tower or another ginormous, spendy menu item like we usually do. When quality of service is gauged to the size of the bill this obviously, staff training needs a jump start. Kitchen staff smoking next to valet isn't appealing, either. The homemade whipped cream with the creme brulee and chocolate suicide cake was simply decadent, but still, the music level and service issues must be overcome if OC wants to stay in the game in this part of town.
5	I am never disappointed when in Scottsdale and dining at Ocean Club!Excellent service (always!) and the food beautifully prepared and served.Word of advice- everything can be split and unless you are a typical American-you'll walk away stuffed like their clams! Sides are all great too!
5	Outstanding in every way!  The pretzel bread is out of this world.  I don't think better bread can be had.  It is beyond amazing.The food, service, wine and ambiance are all fantastic.  This is the sort of place that defines Scottsdale and helps me understand how bad dining is in the East San Francisco Bay.
2	WHAT is the big deal? Okay, I've given Ocean Club multiple chances. This place thinks it's a big deal and for some reason there's a cult following of people who don't know any better? It has never impressed. It's too crowded. I think they must have hired an engineer specifically to determine how to cram the maximum number of tables in the restaurant. The server kept bumping into my chair to get to the table next to me (I was pulled ALL the way forward and am not a large person). The team service is annoying. AND the biggest issue, psst... the food is not that good! I think people think they should be impressed and forget to expect the actual thing.
5	Great bar with full food menu, jazz nightly and the filet was great!  Nice when by yourself or don't want/need the full dining experience. Definitely will be back.
3	With a name like Mastro's in the name you can be assured that you will be satisfied. And satisfied we were on our annual outing with the Gumina family. Great food, good people and an all around great time. The staff was very quick to take care of us, our server was perfect and very attentive. Initially I was a little put off that they set our table in the lounge area, rather than the normal dining area. But I quickly changed my mind, as our group were a loud bunch and we were perfectly located. The food was all great! The cocktail prices are nothing outrageous. Everything from the seafood tower to the Halibut were great. (side note: the steak at City Hall is better, in my opinion) The dessert was my favorite part for sure. Everything was out of this world good. i wasn't sure where I was going to fit it in my stomach but I made room somehow, because after one bite of the butter cake and crembrule I was hooked.
4	Excellent.  Menu is 2/3 fish and 1/3 steak. Get the lobster gnocchi with truffle oil side dish.  The tuna tar tar appetizer is the best I've had.  When you order a martini, they give you the shaker with more booze in it, so one martini is really two!  Pretzel bread is a must-have.  Top-notch service to boot.
4	Ocean Club is one of the upper end seafood & steak restaurants that puts out a high quality meal. From the large tiger prawns to the Filet Mignon, quality product and perfect preparation are clearly a priority here. We also enjoyed the Caesar salad ) which is one of the best in the valley) lobster bisque, twice baked potato & their highly recommended vanilla butter cake; everything listed was fabulous and worth going back for. The service at Ocean Club is impeccable! Items that disappointed were the overly greasy lobster mashed potatoes, lack luster chopped salad and dry chocolate layer cake; thus the 4 out of 5 stars.
5	HoLeeCow!The food is diverse and amazing - but lets face it, you come here for the SERVICE!  This place is a classy establishment that caters to the upper crust of Scottsdale.  The food is pricey, but the total package is worth the expense.  Very Impressive!
5	Fantastic meal last weekend... only exceeded by the service.  Our server, Lloyd, was put to the test with a table full of highly inebriated and hungry folks, and he passed with flying colors (or maybe it was the fireworks going on outside the restaurant).  Our food was stunning, even though I was served the smallest kumumoto oysters I've ever seen.  Three of us had fish and the other three had steaks.  Everyone was highly pleased with their meal, but again, Lloyd stole the show with amazing service, a great sense of humor, and attention to detail.  The six of us managed to get out of there for $600 before the tip, which I think is not too shabby given the $40-$50+ per entree cost.  The Dungeness crab appetizer was one of my highlights and my blackened Florida grouper was absolutely perfectly cooked to medium.  I highly recommend this place for a special meal or for any celebration.
4	I was here this week with a group for dinner in one of the private dining rooms.  First off, the service was excellent the entire evening.Seafood tower with shrimp and crab was perfect.Lobster bisque was tasty, nice and creamy and had a large piece of lobster at the bottom of the bowl.The chilean sea bass was cooked perfectly.  Could of used a little more spice or seasonings on it to make it really pop.Overall, a wonderful experience.
4	Scene here echoes forties + version of the 90210 set. Good looking old and new people. Bar scene was a riot for people watching.Food and service are very solid. Server doesn't even blink to recommend the lobster mash potatoes ($33) or the alaskan crab truffled gnocchi.Oddly enough everyone ordered their prime steaks in our party and they were good- served a la carte, broiled at extremely high heat to the point that it  actually burned my mouth to eat my ribeye at a perfect med rare.Giving a star off due to Fleming putting out a better broiled bone in ribeye, but overall a really good and interesting dining experience.Make sure to get a after dinner beverage in their bar and watch how things unravel.
5	Lets start with dessert - best I have ever tasted. I had the Butter Cake - which is served with a huge VAT of fresh whipped cream- wow! Second the cake is warm and moist and salty - yes SALTY! Surrounded with strawberries and orange slices - this dessert surely made me smile. The live music was amazing! I rocked out all night to a lovely mix of great tunes!The martinis were cold and awesome, the crab cocktail was superb and the Blackened Salmon from the Columbia River was perfect. Overall a pretty good experience. I will certainly go again. I was purposely not going here because they don't do a happy hour - but I was drug there by a date (I know, poor me...lol) and have since become a fan!
4	Service was amazing. Atmosphere was swanky, very upscale and yet too dark for me.Went there for my birthday dinner and got the comp butter cake. Overall, meal was delicious. The chilean sea bass delivers! The bf got the seared tuna which was huge. Oysters-to die for. The bread basket- fab! The appetizers are plenty- we got the sweet potato fries, didn't expect that it could serve 10! Overall a great experience. Well worth the $$$ for special occasions.
5	A pricey restaurant, but definitely worth every penny!!!!!!Best Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had!! We started the meal with a lobster bisque which was delicious but rich so it was good to share. They have a unique bread basket which includes a delicious pretzel bread. The cocktails were nicely handcrafted and good to start or finish the meal with. I recommend the blueberry martini :) Not only was everything we ordered prepared perfectly the service was also on point. Everyone was friendly and more than willing to make sure we had an excellent dining experience. I highly recommend this restaurant just know it is expensive but the quality of the food and service are worth paying for :) :)
4	First of all I don't want to slam this place. Service excellent, great menu, typical steakhouse atmosphere with a little kick (bar had live music which bought some life to the place)... but there's my problem. If I'm going to a high end (dinner $260 with tip) steakhouse I want it to feel like a high end steakhouse not TGIFriday's on Saturday night. Again, not bad. Not the best steakhouse I've been to, and not even in the top 5.
4	Wow! I have finally been able to visit Ocean Club and it was well worth it. For starters, I got there just in time to snag a parking spot right out front (Thank you parking fairies). The hostess immediately sat us even though our entire party had not arrived yet ( double score as most places won't do that) Our server's name was Darian, and at first I thought he was in a bad mood because he appeared not happy with me when I asked for a black napkin instead of blurting out my drink order first. However I had him laughing and joking with me by the end of the night and realized whatever was gone on earlier in the evening had nothing to do with me :) Score one for Darian :) Drinks - Pomegranate Martini - Good lord it was good and pricey. But you pretty much do get two drinks in one and I was practically trying to break the shaker trying to get every last drop. (Darian even showed me a few tricks to make sure I got every last drop thank you!) Appetizers - we ordered the seafood tower and it had lobster, crab, shrimp and oysters. Plus we had a side of steamed mussels. I was in seafood heaven. Everything was so good. I practically ate all of the steamed mussels myself. Heck it was a meal in itself lol. Main course - Chilean Sea Bass. Could anything be any more flakier and melt in your mouth good? Cooked to perfection and it was HUGE! Sides - we had the gorgonzola mac and cheese, sauteed spinach, and my all time favorite roasted brussel sprouts. Those that know me know I love me some brussel sprouts, so needless to say, that side was all mine. OMG! Roasted to perfection and oh so good. I actually ate more brussel sprouts then the sea bass. (What can you say I love Brussel sprouts) Dessert - There is always room for dessert and I ordered the warm butter cake. It was like sweet cornbread with fresh berries, ice cream and fresh whip cream on the side. Luckily I was sharing that with two other people because it was huge. A great way to top off the night. Oh by the way, another friend ordered the layer cake. Let's just say that was the biggest slice of cake I have ever seen in one serving. It could have easily fed a family of 4-6 lol. WOWZA! Very nice place and I am sure when I will be back again one day. But until then, I will remember how lovely the evening was by eating all the yummy leftovers :)
4	4.5 StarsThe seafood tower was amazing and my ribeye was very good.  Very expensive.  Much better experience than the ocean club in Newport Beach.
5	Awesome food,service and atmosphere! Request Eric for a guided excellent dining experience. I had the petite Filet omg the seasoning was crispy, cooked medium rare  just melts in your mouth. Start with the Ravenous Pineapple for a refreshing beverage and don't miss out on the Buttercake!!! Hubby liked the Seabass and enjoyed the Mambo salad. A DEFINiTE return in the future
5	Phenomenal experience from top to bottom.  Outstanding in everyway.  Even the gentleman posted in the Men's room was super classy!
1	Mastro's Ocean Club was a huge disappointment.  Hugely expensive but absolutely nothing special.  Fish was very bland and you can tell the place is trying to look "upscale" and "high class" when it really is not.  Service was marginal.  Eddie V's , a fish place just down the road is 5x as good, better service, and cheaper.  In fact, I had a better piece of fish at sur la table during a cooking class a couple weeks ago.  This is a place for the Westin vacationing snobs; it's a place your grandparents would go...if you're younger and appreciate taste and flavor more than large portions, Eddie V's is way better.  DON"T GO TO MASTROS AND WASTE YOUR $!!
5	Mastro's Ocean Club is Elegance at it's best. The ambiance is an experience on it's own. When is the last time you sat down and the host unfolded the black or white linen (which ever one you prefer) onto your lap? As you open the menu, the choices begin. Steak or fish? The Ocean club has the best of both worlds. Fish flown in daily and steaks that are cut so tender and prepared to the perfect temperature. It doesn't matter which entree you select because it's not possible to make a "bad choice." the sides that compliment could easily be mistaken for an entree also. They are huge portions and absolutely outstanding! For dessert, dive into the warm butter cake and good luck getting out! The music is great and lively also. All in all, debatable the hottest place to be in arizona.
5	There are so many good things to say about this place. The food is awesome!!! You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Try their Kobe beef.....sinfully delicious and your eyes will roll to the back of your head!! Melt in your mouth yum yum yummy!!! Warm butter cake is off the hook and so are their chocolate souffles. Wait staff is great...they will always be there when you need them!! As will the bathroom attendants!!! LOL
5	For the most special of occasions, Mastro's Ocean Club is king of providing excellent service, food and atmosphere.  This has been my second time dining at Mastro's (first time for birthday, second for anniversary).  To say that they will raised the bar even on the second time dining, is quite impressive!Entering Mastro's you are taken immediately to your table (reservations strongly recommended, especially if celebrating a particular occasion).  There is a bar area off to the left side, with ample seating, then to your right the general dining room area.  A private dining room is available for groups.Your waiter or waitress promptly arrives at your table to welcome you ever so warmly to Mastro's.   Warm conversation is most certainly to be had, and most of all, it's sincere.  Mastro's really made us feel like royalty (even with many people around us sharing the same dining experience), and conversation was earnest with our waiter and friendly.Mastro's boasts a variety seafood and steak dishes.  The highlight of this particular Mastro's being seafood; one cannot go wrong with their ever well stocked Mastro's Seafood Tower.  This tower is truly amazing!  It can be tailored for the amount of people in your group, and can include a variety of fresh seafood appetizers of your choosing.  Of particular deliciousness, are their crab and their jumbo shrimp cocktail.  Chilled to perfection, each bite is a seafood lover's dream.For the main course, the 12 oz fillet is of most generous portion.  Any steakhouse in the area would be rivaled to Mastro's generous portion and taste.  Each bite (even with my being well-done) was juicy and flavorful.  Be sure to pair your steak with a vegetable and starch, which rounds out your meal perfectly.  Their steamed spinach is light, yet full of flavor.  The lobster macaroni and cheese is full of rich and creamy cheese, and portions of lobster meat mixed in.  This dish is extremely filling, but a unique experience for any macaroni and cheese lover.To round out the evening, one cannot forget about their decadent desserts.  For this particular evening, their Signature Warm Butter Cake was a delivery from heaven!  This dessert is full of buttery and soft cake tastiness inside, along with a heaping scoop of vanilla ice cream to balance out the warm cake.I look forward to my next trip to Mastro's Ocean Club.  Mastro's will truly pull out all of the stops to make your evening the most enjoyable in their surroundings and unforgettable dishes.  Check out Mastro's Ocean Club for your most special of occasions.  Mastro's locations can be found in Arizona, California, Nevada and Illinois.
1	I'm disappointed, we dine here for a lot of occasion. We ordered a ratherLarge bone in ribeye.$54.00 This steak was seared at such a high tempThat it was burnt on the outside and very rare on inside. I  couldn't  tellYou how it was seasoned I could only taste BURNT! We did not eat it.And did not want another steak. I chose to take it home for our dogs.When I got it home and looked at it I was pissed. To see it in the lightThis steak was so burnt, I would of asked for our money back!I plan on calling and letting them know. I plan on going back for drinksAnd side dishes. We do like this place a lot. But this was the worst experience ever.
4	Awesome fish and wine list.  Service top notch and a first class place.  They could use some musical talent.
1	we had a 7:45 reservation last night and were not seated til almost one hour late. During this time we were given no updates on when we might be seated.  It was suggested that we go to the bar but it was 10 deep and looked like the bar  scene in Star Wars so that was not an option.  It is unconscionable for a restaurant as expensive as yours to treat your guests like cattle. Our waiter was efficient enough but not professional and thought his job was to entertain us like Henny Youngmen.We also noted that the portions of food have been made significantly smaller ie.(the swordfish) with no reduction in price.
5	Seafood Version of the great mastro's chain.  Food, Atmosphere, and service are all great, Very nice bar, Try the shrimp appetizer
4	This is my hubby and my favorite restaurant. We happen to live part time in Scottsdale and travel extensively and it's still or fav. Our only complaint is why did they move the high top tables and chairs so close to the bar a couple of months ago? Typically if we don't get there soon enough to find a seat at the bar we will politely wait for 2 seats to open up. They lack of space behind the bar stools makes it virtually impossible to wait in this area. Very awkward and uncomfortable now.
4	Very nice restaurant.  Great food (pretty expensive), and jumping.  Pretty loud, too.Now, after dinner...different story.  Descend into the bar area (live band, etc.) and you'd better be careful.  Why?  There are more cougars in this joint than you'd find in Yellowstone or Yosemite...combined!  RAWWRR!  I had an absolute blast having fine drinks and just watching the give-and-go between the seasoned hotties and their prey.
5	The restaurnt serves superb seafood and steaks. The ambience, service and execution are as good as it gets. During the course of dinner I had the unfortunate experience of choking on a piece of the steak-all my fault. As it happened the General Manager,Frank Schneider, happened to see I was in trouble. He sprung into action and the offending piece popped out. The man saved my life and I am truely grateful. That's service and dedication.
4	Very good.  Cocktail waitresses seem to be a little overly taken with themselves.  Trust me, I've been to  more and better places than you...dial back the 'tude.Food very good.  Wife has allergies and they've been able to tend to them.  On some nights they have bathroom attendants.  I don't need that.  In concept the idea seems classy.  In practice it's creepy.
5	Ocean Club used to be my go-to spot for girls night out and dates with out-of-town visitors... Sure, it's expensive, but I've never had a bad meal (or drink) there.  But, I took an unintentional hiatus from Ocean Club when I got married and had a baby, and what do you know, at least two years have passed... So when it was time to choose a restaurant to celebrate my mom's birthday dinner this past Saturday, Ocean Club it was, and once again, I was reminded how fabulous it is!  While I used to sit in the bar (where there is great people watching including plenty of "hired help," awesome bartenders, and live music), we had the baby with us and a party of five, so we were seated in a back corner... this was totally fine by the way.  They had a highchair for the baby and everything!  Tyler was our waiter and he was great... the rest of the staff was extremely attentive as well.  My husband, mom, and I went with dirty martinis, and my dad and brother went the bloody mary route.  We were all pleased with the drinks - as mentioned in other reviews, they are indeed pricey, but you get two drinks in one!Bread bowl - this is worth mentioning as they always have a nice selection of breads and crackers including my favorite: pretzel bread... yum!Appetizers at our table included two types of oysters, a lobster sushi roll, salads, and calamari.  Hint: ask to split their salads - they are still a decent size when split.  I love their "Ocean Club House salad" - It could possibly be a meal in itself as it has crisp lettuce, fresh shrimp, egg, blue cheese, tomato, and onion.  The other apps were delicious too.For my entree, I split the Chilean Sea Bass with my husband... I'm a huge sea bass fan and this is up with there with some of the best I've had.  Again, splitting it is great as even a half serving is plenty once you add family style sides, etc...  My parents went with lobster tail and brother had a bone-in ribeye.  We chose the roasted brussel sprouts and signature lobster mashed potatoes (both cooked perfectly and oh so delicious as well).  Note that it's very difficult to choose just a few sides as there are so many to choose from and they are all delicious.  The sweet potato fries, onion rings, creamed spinach, and steamed broccoli are other faves that I've had in the past.  As if any of us weren't full enough, Tyler brought out a huge slice of chocolate cake for the birthday girl, served with fresh whipped cream.  Mmmmm.... and once we licked that plate clean, we also ordered their signature butter cake, which came with more fresh whipped cream.  OMG - that butter cake is incredible!We all went home full and happy and will definitely return for more special occasions.  Thanks to my dad for picking up the bill!
5	Love this place!  Great food and drinks.  Wish they had a location in San Jose or San Francisco.
4	The food was fantastic. Our waitress was top notch. Pretzel bread and mashed potatoes were excellent. Huge steaks. Noise level was a little loud. Would recommend for a special night out.
2	We've been here several times and we were disappointed this week. Our heirloom tomatoes are soft and near rotten. The grouper had an ammonia taste to it. My grilled salmon was very bland. The best item was the dessert butter cake and whip cream. To summarize, disappointed and expensive.
5	It's a good thing we don't live any closer to the Ocean Club than we do (Minnesota), or I would be there all the time!  It was awsome, we went there for our anniversary and loved it.  Had lobster, green beans, lobster Mac and the sea food tower to start things out.  Everything was delicious, from the martinis to the complementary anniversary cake!  Our waiter was Steve he was incredible and the atmosphere was pleasant with the live music in the background.  The prices were justifiable due to the portions that you got. We will definitely plan on coming back when we are in town again.
2	It's that special occasion, and you need a special restaurant. A place that will only serve to augment the nights festivities. Mexican and most other ethnic foods are out, deciding early on how these foods will  trigger your irritable bowel syndrome into becoming an other-worldly dynamo of farts. You can't have that, after all, it's a celebration. You need something innocuous. A food that's filling but not too. And yes, a meal that won't induce a garlic aroma that will level all of Scottsdale. Fish it is, and where better to spend your hard earned cash than at a place so proud of its creations, they charge you an arm and a leg for them.Only you'll soon learn an arm and a leg won't even cover the tip at this place.I give you Mastro's Ocean Club.An elegant atmosphere, bustling with energy from all its young patrons eager to impress their date with a meal guaranteed to produce no ill-wanted side affects afterward. Start with the seafood tower appetizer. This will cost you the price of that new Ipad you never bought yourself  for Christmas because you were too worried about your kids getting something they'd only sneer at. Move on to the Salmon, which if it's not from Copper River, it should be since they've priced it that way. I'm conjecturing there's something unusual about it, making it so pricey. My guess is they find some Inuit kid, post him up at one of those Alaskan rivers, paying the little bastard big bucks to snatch a salmon from the mouth of a hungry grizzly. Subsequently, due to the kld's funeral costs and reparations to his family, they have to jack-up the cost of the salmon. Just a theory.And finally, get ready to loosen that belt and finish up with one of their scrumptious desserts, I didn't.I couldn't.Not because I was full from the tower or the dead Eskimo kid's legacy, it was because I was out of coinage. Didn't have enough for the tip.And didn't see  a small cup of orange jello on the menu anywhere.
5	Service is impeccable.  I have never had a bad experience at Mastros. The martinis are about two drinks they bring out in shaker with dry ice. Steak cooked to perfection and ahi tuna is deliciously seasoned. They have tower of build it yourself seafood. Butter cream cake with whip cream made from scratch. Live music. The crowd and ambiance is great. I love Mastros!!!!  I will be a return customer over and over again!!
4	Superb service and food. Better than average wine list. Steaks and seafood were cooked expertly, sides were just right. Seafood tower was put together appropriately for our 6 person group. I gave 4, not 4 1/2 or 5, stars because it was just tood darned dark and noisy. But still an excellent experience. Pricey as expected, but not overpriced.
5	I've been to Ocean Club many times and even had my husband's 40th birthday party there this past September.  However, during our last visit I ordered the crusted ahi tuna which I've had many times before and LOVED. This time, though, it didn't taste BAD but definitely didn't taste good. I didn't even eat half of the meal. By midnight, I was sick. I called the restaurant the next day to let them know and had an unpleasant conversation with a manager who was fairly unsympathetic and seemed unconcerned. However, I got follow up from the General Manager regarding my experience. His excellent customer service is much more reflective of my previous experiences at Ocean Club and of the reputation of the restaurant in general. I look forward to my next meal there.
2	very overpriced.  $220 for two people no booze.  Food okay.
3	WOW!  However not in a good way.  The food was good but I expected it to be better with the prices they are charging.  I do feel I would have enjoyed this place more if our waiter was a bit attentive.   One thing that annoyed me the most was that he kept on placing his hand on my shoulder (stay out of my bubble buddy),  I ended up tipping the bus boy on the side because he was around more than the waiter.  For a restaurant like this the service should be top notch.  On a good note, the other diners around me seemed like they had my waiters attention.  It seemed since my date and I were younger then the other diners he didn't think we would tip him accordingly...
5	Was on business and and 4 of us had a great waiter, food and the service was awesome!  I from the bay area and slightly high maintenance when eating out.  This place was superb!
4	Well I can't say this area doesn't have good seafood anymore, however, my pocket cannot afford this place on the regular.Fabulous seafood, extremely fresh.
2	Amazing food.  For sure.  My husband had swordfish, I had one of the best Chilean Sea Bass dishes on the planet.  The sides were too good.  Our waiter was good.  The place was too loud but ok.  Super trendy atmosphere.BUT the front desk and reservations were the WORST!  Two young twenty year olds couldn't be bothered to stop talking to each other long enough to check us in for our 9:15 dinner reservation.  We were 30 minutes early and prepared to go the bar.  They said they would come and get us and gave us no warning they were behind.  At 9:30, I went and found them, they told me there were at least 8 couples ahead of us and it would be another 45 minutes.  To make matters worse it was our anniversary and my firefighter husband needs to eat to keep up with his work outs.  I told them that and they couldn't have cared less.  In fact, they started to talk to me like it was my big night out at the prom.  In my business, I have taken client groups to dinner there over a dozen times.In the end, they treated us so badly my husband refused to let me use a $500 gift card a friend had given me as a gift because he wanted to make sure they knew he could pay on his own.  How dare anyone treat us that poorly.  Their loss.  My business, and our COMBINED income and business will go else where.  And being a fire fighter is a brave contribution, not something to be looked down on.
4	Snow-birds to your left and burnt tourists to your right, Mastro's Ocean Club is definitely a hit place for visitors. Live jazz at night in the loud bar area and an open airy atmosphere in the dining area. Started off with the crab cakes which were superb. I ordered the recommended Chilean Sea Bass and was quite impressed. The lobster mashed potatoes were very delicious, and of course the lobster was gone in a second. Very fancy and expensive place, quite the hoopla if I do say so myself.. I mean, is it necessary to have a woman in the bathroom help you wash your hands? I guess if you need your hair done mid meal, this would be ideal... but I mean c'mon people... or shall I say c'mon tourists. What I'm trying to say is that this place is quite the trendy place to be seen... with perfectly cooked fish and $35 potatoes.
5	Great food and great service.  Yes it is expensive. The food and service matched the price.  Highly recommend the lobster tail and butter cake.  The horseradish is the hottest I have had.  Be prepared to wait past your reservation time.  The challenge is everything is so good people don't want to leave.
4	You get what you pay for and you definitely pay a lot here.  The food is very good and the service is fantastic.  I would put them a notch above places like Morton's with a much more relaxed atmosphere.  If you can do it it's worth the splurge every once in a while.  You won't walk away disappointed as long as you've accepted the fact that you will be spending ~$100 pp.
4	This restaurant has been our go-to spot every time my group is there in Scottsdale.  Food is amazing.   We are always too full by the time my main course is there.   This last time - our waiter wasn't as attentive as the last one.  The last one was a class act and just the best.  His service was just the best.    This one night, they had a live band playing and the music was great.  I almost wished we sat at the bar in the open  area to be right there.    Am looking forward to this place again!
3	Good food and service no doubt but quite a bit overpriced.  A seafood tower and a few apps were a huge bill.  A greygoose martini and a house chard was $34.  Wow.  Good valet service and water to go was a nice ending touch.  Parking is a joke so expect to valet.  The place is packed which adds to the scene but this place is a little too "Scottsdale" for my taste.  Overpriced, lots of glitz and glamour, and really good but not amazing food.
5	This place has the best food in AZ.  Perfect food and perfect service.  The butter cake for desert is worth the calories.  The best entres are the ribeye and sea bass.  I would ask for the sea bass to be slightly cooked just a tad on the + side so its not raw.  Shrimp cockail is great too.  Crab claws seemed overpriced to me.Oh...the pretzels w/ butter are amazing but a gut bomb.  So in summary, best food in town but be ready to take in 3000 calories if you want to take it all in:)
5	Mastro's has the best steaks I have had in Arizona. Their quality is outstanding and their side dishes are great as well. Seafood is excellent and I have never had something here that I don't enjoy.The bar area has a great live band and is an awesome place to relax and enjoy a drink or dinner as well. The price is much higher than most places, but the experience and quality makes it well worth it.
5	Where to start, we have been here a couple of times now drinks and dinner and every time it just impresses me even more. My first introduction was on a friday night "date night"  with the hubby about two months ago we had already eatin dinner but wanted a night cap and we heard there was live music in the bar area, so we thought we would give it a try...We arrived about 9:30 pm and this place was packed!So we looked around for a table to sit and saw one that was about to open and one of the girls that was working there welcomed us and said she would get that table set for us and she would be right over to get us started :)With a couple of suggestions from Brittany K. our server we decided it would be a blueberry martini and a great glass of wine. Okay here is the greatest part the whole night, the bar is suddenly watching us when my drink arrives because this martini is served with dry ice in it and it is all misty and mysteroius and every one is like what is that.... my response is one of the best damm martini's and prersentation I have ever seen! So with that said this was the perfect way to end date night, great drinks, great service from brittany K, and oh yeah some great music from a live band... We loved it so much we have made it a point to go back and have dinner and of course for more cocktails...Dinner review below!Okay so obvoiusly this place is renowned for its food and after having dinner I know why, from the start of our evening to the end of our dinner this place does not miss a beat and our server Chris Frazier like "smokiing joe" he said is a professional at what he does.His suggestions for appetizers down to the main course to the heavenly butter cake at the end( which is to die for) were spot on....We started with the shrimp cocktail and the presentataion and taste of this south of the border creation was truly the best we have had. For dinner my husband of course did the filet, like he always does when we go ut for dinner and I decided on the Vanilla Battered Twin Lobster Tails...OMG these must of been the biggest tails I have ever seen, and they were amazing...Oh yeah the hubby said his filet was one of the bttere ones he has had which is saying a lot because he has had a ton of filets in his life, like I said that is all he ever orders :)So we couldn't make up our mind of whether or not to have dessert but Chris our server said they have this butter cake dessert that will make you want to come back in just for that, and he was not kidding this is truely something every one should mark of their bucket list..AMAZINGEither way way we have been back in for cocktails and yes the butter cake and every time has been great...this place is on our radar and in our regular rotaion, what took us so long to go here, is the only question I keep asking myself? So kudos to the staff at Ocean's Club and especially Chris and Brittany who we have seen again and to the Manger Frank who has come by and welcomed us back, you all do a fantastic Job...We will so you soon!
4	This place is busy, had live music in the bar, and the servers were trying to squeeze by.  The seafood is flown in DAILY and I think our bill helped fund a grouper or two's first class seat.  I ordered the grouper with crab on top (as an extra- you can ask for it this way).  Ordered the lobster mashed again, and green beans (if it ain't broke- don't order something else.).  Had a great night!
4	Seafood tower, lobster mash, butter cake - love this place.  It's like all the other Mastro's except the menu has the fish at the top and the steak below so no need to feel guilty about ordering steak at a seafood place.   The layout is a bit crappy with the bench.  I actually got seated at a table where the bench splits.  Fortunately an empty table solved that problem.  Service is always good, the portions are a nice size, and the atmosphere is great.Yelp coupon for free butter cake and cosmo - sweet.
5	My husband & I went to Ocean Club on Saturday to celebrate my new job (yay!). If only we could afford to celebrate more at such an elaborate restaurant!I love a good bread basket & this one did not disappoint. We started with oysters which were fabulous (you get 6). For my entree I ordered the sea bass & Ryan ordered the scallops as well as a side of garlic mashed potatoes. The portions were more than generous & everything was cooked perfectly. It was so much food that we didn't have room for dessert, so the warm butter cake will have to wait til next time.Between the topnotch service & fabulous food, you have to expect a hefty bill. We'll probably only be so lucky to go once in a blue moon, so it was worth every penny!
4	Who eats seafood in Arizona?!? Well,... i did. Last week, and it was excellent. Great atmosphere, although to me it felt more like a date night kinda atmosphere. I was there with some colleagues from work. The ambiance and service was super. Those in our party who tried the steak said it was very good (the steaks were brought out on searing hot plates). Definitely expensive.
2	I'm sad right now. I wanted to like this place so badly. I wanted to have the positive experience others did and be able to happily write about it on yelp. Hubby and I went last weekend; got all dressed up, left the kids at home and took the date car. People watching was great, service was great, even our table location was great. The bar area was great. I loved the atmosphere. Did not mind it being dark at all because it was so cool inside. What was NOT great? Pretzel bread was a little stale but butter, lots of it, helped. The seafood tower was impressive, but the seafood adorning it was not so much. The Clear Lobster roll was outright INEDIBLE. Mushy, no flavor, disappointing.My mambo salad was passable but nothing great.  When I asked for shrimp on top, after hearing so many great reviews about the shrimp, they gladly obliged. BUT when it came, they were overcooked and rubbery. WAH for me. Husband's steak was very good. He was gloating for sure. We got two sides, the Crab Truffle Gnocchi and the peas. The gnocchi was decent but I really could only have a couple of bites due to the intense richness with nothing to offset it. The peas, while super fresh, were SWIMMING in oil. Seriously, they took great peas and drowned them to death in a sad, sad oil lake. The butter cake was superb. Nothing but fond memories of that. So, we spent a small fortune for a meal with one (for me) or two (for hubby) great points. I will not be going back. I will not be recommending. We live in Mesa, and were the first of our circle of influence to go and I am devastated to be the one steering people away due to such a lackluster first showing. I wonder what went wrong. So many other yelpers just love this place.
4	The food was amazing and who doesn't love having a mini "drug-store" inside the restroom for all your feminine needs !
2	Well....first I must say we are no stranger to Ocean Club or Mastros steakhouse.  We venture here a few times a year.  We find the food, on a regular basis, to be consistent, and excellent.  I almost feel bad about writing what will be a negative review because I have never written a good one.  We are usually very  satisfied however I am a little bitter right now.I am pretty sure we get the same thing every time we visit.  This would be crab legs for my wife and ribeye for me with warm butter cake for desert.  The crablegs are split for you (all the hard work is done) The flavor is awesome and they are cooked perfectly.  The steaks are cooked to your exact spec and normally comes sizzling on a plate (I really like that.....somehow enhances the flavor).  It is quite costly however, if you are going to spend the money, this is the place to do it.  The service is normally very good as well.Last night's experience was simply not up to par from what we would expect from Ocean Club.  First, we had a 7:00 reservation with a request for a window seat (window locations are prime seating and sought after).  We arrived at 6:45.  This timing was specific so that we could get there before the 7:00 rush to ensure we would acquire this window seat.  They let us know they were running a little behind but said they would set us up as requested.A half hour later we are still waiting but were notified they are simply waiting for the next people to get up.  I did take a quick peak in the dining room and found a couple open window tables.  Guess they were being saved for VIPs?  Now we are invested in waiting for this table and I am not going to let it go. A half hour later (yes we waited an hour for our 7:00 reservation to be seated) we were about fed up but they did seat us when I was about done waiting.  Really, normally we would have left long before however it was a special occasion and we did not want it to be rescheduled.  Plus we really had this time invested so we just sort of found ourselves surprised it was an hour later....if they told us to begin with it could be an hour we would have taken the next available.So they said they had a prime location (window seat of course).  They placed us butt up against a group of 20 guys.  Some of the seats between our tables were so close to us they were bumping into my chair all night.  Plus the busboys were hanging over my chair just to get them water, etc...  These guys were pretty loud as well.  It's a loud place and we don't' mind that atmosphere, however it was a bit over the top for us.  After all that waiting I was pretty surprised at where they placed us.  As we were walking to the table I saw at least 2 other window locations which would have been perfect (I know..... I guess I am stuck on the damn window)My wife and daughter ordered the crab legs and I ordered the ribeye (as usual).  Prior to receiving our meal the group of 20 received theirs.  There were a bunch of steaks all hot and sizzling.  We received ours right after them and I felt as though our meal was sort of an afterthought.  My plate was warm at best, the steak was indeed cooked to my medium rare request however had clearly been sitting around for some time.  The crab legs tasted good (as usual) however they were not split correctly.  Just sort of seemed rushed.Because we waited and hour they did buy us the 10 dollar warm butter cake but, you know, it just didn't make us leave with a good warm and fuzzy feeling.....I guess I sorta seem a little bitter and maybe even winy review but.....I expect much much more from them.
4	This is what I hope to be one of two positive follow ups to our experience the other night at Ocean Club.Apparently, and I feel wisely, they monitor yelp.  I received a very pleasant call from the manager.  He expressed his concern for our experience and asked if we could give them another chance to show they do continue to meet up with our past experiences and expectations.Our current plan is to return next weekend.  We certainly hope and expect to find we were there on a very very off might.Because of his call, we were very impressed with their care and concern for a long time customer.***Prior review:    2.0 star rating    9/30/2012    Well....first I must say we are no stranger to Ocean Club or Mastros steakhouse.  We venture here a few times a year.  We find the food, on a regular basis, to be consistent, and excellent.  I almost feel bad about writing what will be a negative review because I have never written a good one.  We are usually very  satisfied however I am a little bitter right now.    I am pretty sure we get the same thing every time we visit.  This would be crab legs for my wife and ribeye for me with warm butter cake for desert.  The crablegs are split for you (all the hard work is done) The flavor is awesome and they are cooked perfectly.  The steaks are cooked to your exact spec and normally comes sizzling on a plate (I really like that.....somehow enhances the flavor).  It is quite costly however, if you are going to spend the money, this is the place to do it.  The service is normally very good as well.    Last night's experience was simply not up to par from what we would expect from Ocean Club.  First, we had a 7:00 reservation with a request for a window seat (window locations are prime seating and sought after).  We arrived at 6:45.  This timing was specific so that we could get there before the 7:00 rush to ensure we would acquire this window seat.  They let us know they were running a little behind but said they would set us up as requested.    A half hour later we are still waiting but were notified they are simply waiting for the next people to get up.  I did take a quick peak in the dining room and found a couple open window tables.  Guess they were being saved for VIPs?  Now we are invested in waiting for this table and I am not going to let it go.    A half hour later (yes we waited an hour for our 7:00 reservation to be seated) we were about fed up but they did seat us when I was about done waiting.  Really, normally we would have left long before however it was a special occasion and we did not want it to be rescheduled.  Plus we really had this time invested so we just sort of found ourselves surprised it was an hour later....if they told us to begin with it could be an hour we would have taken the next available.    So they said they had a prime location (window seat of course).  They placed us butt up against a group of 20 guys.  Some of the seats between our tables were so close to us they were bumping into my chair all night.  Plus the busboys were hanging over my chair just to get them water, etc...  These guys were pretty loud as well.  It's a loud place and we don't' mind that atmosphere, however it was a bit over the top for us.  After all that waiting I was pretty surprised at where they placed us.  As we were walking to the table I saw at least 2 other window locations which would have been perfect (I know..... I guess I am stuck on the damn window)    My wife and daughter ordered the crab legs and I ordered the ribeye (as usual).  Prior to receiving our meal the group of 20 received theirs.  There were a bunch of steaks all hot and sizzling.  We received ours right after them and I felt as though our meal was sort of an afterthought.  My plate was warm at best, the steak was indeed cooked to my medium rare request however had clearly been sitting around for some time.  The crab legs tasted good (as usual) however they were not split correctly.  Just sort of seemed rushed.    Because we waited and hour they did buy us the 10 dollar warm butter cake but, you know, it just didn't make us leave with a good warm and fuzzy feeling.....I guess I sorta seem a little bitter and maybe even winy review but.....I expect much much more from them.
5	On a recent conference visit to Scottsdale, we decided to have dinner here - what a GREAT choice!! The bar was full on a Monday night with live music-upscale vibe and a romantic ambiance. The service from start to finish was 5 star. Our server Eric made our night special with meal and wine recommendations for our group of 6. I'm well traveled and have several fine dining experiences, but this is the first time I ever seen Bone Marrow and Arugula Salad with Pecorino on the menu. I was in absolute heaven!! This is certainly a special occasion restaurant - so my advice is to FIND that special occasion and visit Mastro's Ocean Club.
4	Shrimp is really good, I always get a steak and that's good too. The butter cake is delish but the service isn't friendly and I have came back here multiple times.
4	We dined at the Ocean Club last night, must have been 5 yeas since we have been here. As we remembered. it was great. Great crowd, fast seating, very attentive service, and great food. Very crowded for a late Sat. night, and it was a fun night out. May have to come back sooner than 5 years.
1	Our waitress was wonderful, lemon drop martini was great and the pretzel bread was super tasty. However, the logistics and response from management was terrible. We arrived on a Monday night without reservation and told only available table is in the bar/lounge area. There was no offer to put our name on a list in case a dining table became available. The bar tables are small for 2 people to sit at, let alone the 4 in our party. The 2 appetizers hardly fit on the table surface. When we noticed that another party in the bar area that arrived 20 minutes after us, sat for 5 minutes and then were shown to a table in the dining room that had been available since our arrival 25 minutes prior - time to leave for us!Food (appetizers) were okay. The vanilla shrimp tasted like something that I could get any state fair - heavily battered and deeped fried. The calamari was good.Overall the prices were over the top high, the managers handling of the seating situation was one of the worst ever - I would go back for a martini and a bread stick and sit at the bar only!
5	This is a positive review, however some history is required.  Earlier this month we ventured to Ocean Club and had a less than desirable experience.  In return, I wrote a less than desirable review on Yelp to match.  The manager called me the next day to express his concerns over our experience and asked if we would be willing to return to give them an opportunity to make up for our experience.  Last night we returned to Ocean Club.  I must say first, we went in with a bit of trepidation.  This, unfounded, apprehension had us concerned it was going to be an over the top experience.  We wanted to return to experience a good meal and drinks in a good atmosphere.  Of which we felt we missed on the prior visit.  These are obviously the foundation of a good experience and is the basis of our many historical visits to Ocean Club and Mastros.  Again, this concern of an over the top experience, thankfully, ended out being unrealized.  In turn, I hope this review does not appear to be over the top and is taken in the positive manner it is presented.Friday nights are very busy at Ocean Club, most tables are full throughout the evening.  Upon arrival to our 7pm reservation the table was immediately available for our seating.  It was indeed a window seat.  The window seats are prime real estate, particularly this time of the year.  The windows are very large and open to the outside providing you a comfortable setting for a relaxed conversation in their very comfortable seats.  I am pretty sure we got the best window seat in the house, so if you have to call this the only over the top item, we found it perfectly acceptable!The server presented us with the specials and their variety of preparations.  He obviously prepares himself and was very confident in his knowledge of these specials.  He was prepared to answer all questions we had about the different servings not usually on the menu. Many restaurants, both expensive and not, try to put you on a schedule, they want to get you in and out.  We really enjoy making an evening of this type of establishment.  We spent 3 hours there and did not once feel as though we were being pressured to move on with our orders for drinks, appetizer, dinner and dessert.  The server was there when we needed him and gone when we did not.  He was extremely patient.  No matter how the food is presented or tastes, to us, this makes all the difference in what can be a good experience or great experience.  For clarity his patience helped to make it a great experience.We started with the shrimp cocktail and oysters from British Columbia.  The shrimp is very large, cleaned and trimmed perfectly so you can eat the whole thing.  The oysters, recommended by the server, were unlike any we had before, very creamy and had an awesome flavor.The food was presented exactly as we would have expected to our party of 3.  First in our party had Alaskan King crab legs.  These were presented completely split in half and cooked perfectly.  You have absolutely no work to do, with the exception of enjoying.  Tasted excellentSecond ordered lobster tail.  This was cooked as expected and enjoyed.Third was my meal.  I ordered the bone in ribeye, medium rare.  I am very particular about my ribeye.  I rarely order it anywhere but Ocean Club / Mastros.  Both because of the flavor and their ability to cook perfectly to my med rare specifications.  Additionally, it comes on an extremely hot plate, sizzling and popping with temptation (the lack of this presentation was one of my chief complaints about our last visit).  It was presented exactly as I would have expected, sizzling and all.  It was cooked perfectly.  I could not have asked for a better flavor and presentation of my steak.Overall, the experience was exactly how we have been accustomed to over the years at Ocean Club.  The service, food and atmosphere were the foundation of our excellent evening.  I would like to thank Scott and the server (cannot recall his name) for making our evening everything we wanted it to be.  We plan to return over and over again.
5	This place is great! We came here for a company event (~30 people) as we were staying around the corner at the Westin for a few days. We had a cocktail hour in the bar area and then a 3 course dinner in a private section. From start to finish the dinner was flawless and well executed. Definitely one of the best "work event" dinners I've had. The atmosphere was very modern, sleek and totally unexpected for a steak and seafood place. I really enjoyed it but once we were seated I saw little of it since we were partitioned away from the rest of the restaurant by huge curtains. The cocktail hour started with sushi, sashmi tuna nachos, huge cocktail shrimp, and a couple others. I loved the nachos the best but everything was pretty good and great finger foods (not too messy/difficult to eat). I also had one of the gin martinis off the menu which was very good.. but strong. My only complaint is that the appetizers didn't seem to be cohesive with the dinner courses. They were a lot heavier than the apps but equally delicious. I had caesar salad to start which was good as far as caesar salad goes. Filet for main course with family-style sides of mac and cheese, mashed potatoes, and string beans. I liked that they perfectly cooked the steaks for each guest the way they liked and the servers had no trouble keeping track of everyone's steaks. The family style sides were also great so that we were able to all try a little of everything. Finally, I had the signature butter cake which is unlike anything I've ever had. It tasted like a sugar cookie turned into a soft cake and it had a nice caramelized crust on the outside. Overall, it was a great experience and I'm glad we finished our trip in Arizona here.
1	Waiting 45 min past reservation, while being told several times you're up next is unacceptable. They over crowd and generate extra income in the bar.  Then would you like still water... Yes, but you might mention its $9 bottle .. Good food but not worth the attitude and delays
1	Sixty minutes after our reservation we were seated.  N o other expensive restaurant I have ever been in ( NYC, Europe, San Fransisco) has ever treated us so shabbily.  fish portions are half the size they used to be with higher prices.  the waiters are actors trying to promote poor and expensive food with clever worrisome.
5	When we've got money to spend, The Ocean Club is the place we go. Recently we've taken to eating at the bar. This allows us the opportunity to share dishes, something that I wouldn't do if we ate in the main dining room. The first bit of yummy deliciousness is the bread basket. I seriously have to restrain myself from filing up on just that alone. Then we usually go with the lobster mashed potatoes (pure indulgence), either fish or steak, both of which are spectacular, and some type of vegetable just to pretend we're eating healthy. And if I managed to restrain myself with the bread, I might have enough room for the scrumptious butter cake. Usually I just eat a bite or so, but those are some of the best bites I have all night. The service is almost always outstanding, even at the bar. This restaurant is expensive, but always delivers. We go quite a bit and will continue to do so. Another favorite.
3	This used to be my favorite restaurant but it appears to have gone somewhat down hill over the past several visits.
2	We had a group that went to dinner Saturday night...they had replaced the band - 2 men piano and guitar with a night club act that didn't fit Ocean Club at ALL. Marlie was with Zowie Bowie from Vegas - it's not conducive to dinner music...piano playing oldies is...sorry but we will eat at City Hall until it changes
5	This was my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!  We went 2 times.  I had the chilean sea bass and it was delicious.  Appetizer was delicious.  We also had sauteed spinach and mashed sweet potatoes and they were great.  b/f also had Chilean sea bass-blackened..and he loved it!!  The dessert is to die for...we ordered the butter cake with whipped cream and icing...OMG IT WAS DELICIOUS!! This is an upscale place so dress very nice..it also has a great bar...big bar with small tables all around it...we had drinks before  and after dinner at the bar (it was a Saturday night and it was crowded).  this is also one of the late night restaurants in the area..so i liked that!  mixed crowd all ages but a lot of 35 and over...i also noticed a lot of single men at the bar that night. I highly suggest this place!!  i also suggest making reservations.
5	We recently had some great friends take us out for a luxurious dinner night.  we went to their favorite place in the whole world.  this was Mastro Ocean Club in Scottsdale.  We started with the bread they bring out (Pretzel Bread).  3 baskets later. AMAZING!!! My wife had a 3 LB lobster and I got the Steak.  Both were best ever quality.  the wait staff was also best ever.  I can't express enough how PERFECT this place is.  don't forget the butter cake for desert.
5	Love the Ocean Club! Lobster Mashed Potatoes! Doesn't get much better than that!
5	great!
5	Went to the Ocean Club last night for our second trip.  Typically my wife and I frequent City Hall Mastro's, however the Ocean Club is 2 miles from our house.  I was going to try Dominick's.  However when your spending this kind of money, I know that the food is always going to be top notch.  The steak is like biting into a piece of heaven.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves steak.
5	Speaking of the Keirland Ocean Club - what a great restaurant! Service is always fantastic, and the lobster is the best in Phoenix. It gets a little too crowded and there's not a lot of quiet, intimate spots to dine, but with this kind of quality, you can't miss. For a fine dining establishment, you'll find the helpings quite ample (I always end up taking home leftovers). The waiters pamper you. Try the appletini - it comes steaming with dry ice - quite a production! And of course delicious.Also deserving of mention - weekends they have live music in the bar. Divine!
2	This was our 2nd trip there after 6 years.  We convinced another couple to go out with us to celebrate a year of being self-employed.  Unfortunately, we did not have the same wonderful experience this time around and probably won't be back.  We ended up spending $600 for 4 people, and at $150/pp we did expect perfection, which we didn't get.  SERVICE - 3/5Overall, it was an OK experience.  Waitress was very friendly, pleasant, and provided recommendations.  The only ding here is that the person that brought the food out seemed to be in a rush.  He was scrambling while serving everyone with a spoonful of the first side dish and reached over from the end of the table to serve the ladies who were sitting by the window.  As soon as he grabbed the second side dish 3 of us told him just to leave it at the table and we'd take care of it.   We've eaten at Capital Grille, Flemings,  Donovans, Modern Steak, and this has never happened.  AMBIANCE - 2/5It was a Saturday night.  The bar area was lively and packed with people.  There was a live band.  The band was fairly loud, which may be OK if they sounded decent.  However, it did sound very amateurish which was annoying and really put a damper on the overall experience.  We even asked the waitress if it was karaoke night, and she laughed.  She mentioned another table asked her the same thing.  APPETIZERS - 4/5We ordered 2 appetizers, sea scallops and crab cakes.  They were both great, no complaints.   The appetizers were probably the highlight because things just went downhill from there. :(SIDES - 3/5We got 2 orders of lobster bisque, split between each couple.  The bisque was creamy, tasted OK, had small chunks of lobster, but the lobster taste was very subtle that the tomato/cream overpowered it.  We weren't too impressed with it.  We then ordered the highly recommended lobster mash potatoes, and the truffle/crab gnocchi.   @ $35 for the gnocchi, we expected chunks of crab;  we weren't impressed with it and it was pretty much untouched beyond the first taste.  Lobster mash was pretty good as we expected.MAIN COURSE- 2/5We ordered sea bass, halibut, bone-in rib eye, and lamb chops.  Rib eye was ordered medium, but it arrived medium well to well with barely any pink.  The lamb chops were also over cooked, sea bass was good, halibut had a crust but lacked salt and flavor.  Ended up getting the steak replaced, but the replacement was under-cooked (looked and tasted medium-rare), but at this point we just boxed it and munched on the rest of the food.  For a $50 steak, I was expecting perfection, something that rivals what I get at capital grille/modern steak/Fleming's/Donovan's, but this was a big disappointment.  Oh, the waitress ended up bringing us a complimentary desert to make up for the steak, but I did get charged for the steak.Bottom-line is we expected perfection, and all 4 of us felt disappointed and let down.
5	Throughly impressed so far.  Ask for tyler as your server he is the man.  I am becoming a more active yelp user due to influence from my son.  A yelp employee.  The atmosphere is dynamite great place an excellent meal when I come to town.  Parking is a bit tough but thats all I can complain about.
4	I must've come here a year ago with my entire family. Had to make a reservation for 8 through the Yelp system. The reservation worked, and we managed to get our same day reservation in a full house. Everything here was really good, the food definitely fits the ambiance and the excellent level of service. The sides, the appetizers, and the entrees are all excellent. I'm pretty sure the sides are huge as well. The only strong memory I remember from Ocean Club is my halibut entree, which is somewhat unfortunately. While the grilling was spot on, for some reason I found my fillet lacked flavor, whether that be from the fish or the lack of seasoning I have no idea.If it weren't for being jealous of everyone else's entrees, I probably would've given Maestro's a 5 star review. It's classy and it's affordable, I highly recommend it.
4	Located in the very sleek and posh Kierland Commons , Mastros is an ideal place for a night out to dress up and have plenty of great seafood. Our night didnt start exactly as planned since the restaurant took 30 minutes from our reservation time to seat us. However, from the minute we sat down the evening was great. The ambience is very sleek and classy. There was great live music and a lot of great energy in the room. Given the price range, the crowd is mostly older. We had the crab cakes and lobster bisque for appetisers. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave helpful advise to share since the helpings are big. We had the John Dory, pacific swordfish, chilean sea bass among five people.. It is advisable to order some sides since the fish doesnt come with any accompaniments. The fish was perfectly cooked per specifications but the presentation could be a little more appetizing than just slabs of fish on a plate.Since it was a birthday dinner, the restaurant gave a huge complimentary slice of a chocolate cake which was delicious. The place is expensive, the food is delicious and the ambience is classy so can certainly be tried for a special occasion.
5	Everything was highest quality and service was beyond amazing. Sure it is not cheap but quality never is. Great everything....quit squawkig about price and enjoy great food and service. ............perfect !!!!
2	We made reservations and were seated quickly and on time.  Service was ok, a bit slow.  While I don't mind paying alot for Great Meal this meal fell short.  The scallops were ok, not too much flavor, the Filet was so so salty it was unbelieveable.  The gnocchi side dish was ok, but for the cost was average at best. Afer our meal, this was where the service got just plain wierd it not bad.  We were full and waitress asked if we wanted coffee or any dessert. We said "No Thank you check would be fine".   We waited about 5 min and were brought plates, and then 10min. later we were brought a compliemntary dessert.  We have no idea what it was nor was it explained.  We then waited about 15 min. after  being served that unwanted dessert to say we were really done and wanted check, so they proceeded to then take unwanted dessert and have it wrapped up and another 5 min a check was finally brought to the table.   I was really expecting outstanding and this restaurant just fell short of flavor and service.
5	In a single word, Awesomeness....  For a restaurant that is part of a chain of restaurants, there's really nothing that can compare to Mastros.  There's nothing chain about the experience or the ambiance of Ocean Club.  My last visit here was on a night in the middle of the week.  That didn't stop what seemed to be the rest of Scottsdale from coming here for a great evening of food and libations.  When you walk into Ocean Club, there is an ambiance that simply states sophistication and upscale.  I was fortunate to be on the arm of a dashing and handsome gent as we were joined by another couple.  We were seated promptly for our reservation at a fantastic table that had a great view across the dining room.  The service was impeccable.  We ordered drinks and a bottle of wine suggested by our server.  We ordered a couple of appetizers and we were set for while as we looked over the menu and carried on conversation with our friends.  My friend and I are pretty easy to please at restaurants like this.  Dare I say, we're pretty predictable.... for me almost always I order sea bass if it is on the menu and my friend 100% orders bone-in filet.  We were in luck, they had both on the menu as a great and amazing establishment like this should.  Their sea bass was as buttery and delicious as it was the first time I had it and all the other times thereafter.So, the sides are where we usually get somewhat creative.  I suggest the lobster mashed potatoes, so very yummy and succulent and filling.  Not something I would order, but I definitely enjoy when someone else has ordered it at the table!  The garlic mashed potatoes are also tasty.  My friend loves the creamed corn.  My personal favorite is the sauteed spinach.  For dessert, my friend loves Mastro's butter cake and we never go there without having it.  Again, very tasty and delicious.This is a place to bring your mom for her birthday or parent's wedding anniversary, a woman that you are with that you care for or just care to get with.  This place is fantastic.  It is truly as good as it gets.  I'm also a HUGE fan of Mastro's Steakhouse.  I'm totally biased, this is the best restaurant chain on the planet.  Period.
5	Beautiful restaurant, excellent food. Our waiter Nick made a great night even better!
3	Delicious food and wonderful atmosphere but too much fat. The lobster bisque was like flavored butter and their signature lobster mashed potatoes was almost unrecognizable in the soup of flavored butter poured over the dish. I would have loved to taste the lobster mashed potatoes without the gravy!My fillet was to die for and the service was stellar!
3	Here's the bottom line, the food is GREAT, always is, quite pricey but that's a known fact. Visited the Keg in Chandler the night before and checked out their wine list, pretty amazing and the prices were great! Ocean Club has many of the same exact wines that The Keg had, same years, etc...the cost of the wine at Ocean Club were DOUBLE of the cost at The Keg, literally DOUBLE, sometimes more that DOUBLE, it was absolutely disgusting. We were all so taken aback that none of us ordered wine...Realizing the mark up on bottles of wine which we buy all the time at Total Wine and realizing the restaurant has to make a profit, this was absolutely out of line and turned me off completely. They also have the nerve to charge $48 for ONE stone crab, seriously ONE? I could fly to Vegas and eat at Joe's Stone Crab and get 6-8 at that price! The butter cake and homemade whipped cream were delish as always!
4	great people, great service.
2	1.5 star unfortunate disappointmentExtremely disappointing is my comment. Having tried Mastro's in multiple cities, even Mastro's City Hall a week ago in Scottsdale, and Mastro's Ocean Club in Newport Beach and Vegas on multiple occasions, this experience was a disappointment. We were 5 and 3 of us ordered Florida Grouper. (Probably should be off the menu or there's a chef issue). Overcooked, not fresh tasting, grouper is a real disappointment. The 2 people who ordered steaks were happy. I have had the sashimi grade ahi at Ocean Club in other cities and it was 5 star---I probably would not order it here. Further, the lobster mashed potatoes were bad. It's really hard to screw this dish up but the lobster was huge lumps and the pool of butter made this look like something out of a 1995 Paul Prudhomme cooking show. $6 to park, not horrible, except I dropped about $600 on a really bad meal. I didn't want to screw up the birthday celebration, so I was polite. Later, we all concurred this place doesn't rate. I would strongly urge anyone going into a Mastro's Ocean Club in AZ to stay away from the seafood. The mac and cheese was good.
4	Fantastic in all respects. Would have given 5 stars if red wine had not been a bit too chilled for my taste.
5	WOW!
5	Best service I have ever had!  The steak was absolutely perfect (I've been back twice, once to the one in Old Town and another to the steak house on Pima, and it has been consistently perfect)!  And for dessert, it isn't even a question: you have to try the butter cake if you have not had it before.  When I am in Scottsdale, I can't go to another steakhouse; I'm ruined forever.
5	Loved it.  Got the seafood tower and it was amazing.  Butter cake was a little sweet for me, but I'm not a sweet stuff fan, so shy away from my comment here if you DO have a sweet tooth.  Good drinks, great ambiance - get a seat in the bar area tables and if you stick around long enough, they've got live music from time to time.  It's a great way to finish off the night!
5	I always love coming here, it is one of my favorite restaurants. The food is always amazing and doesn't disappoint.
5	This restaurant not only meets my standards as far as food goes, but even in the atypical situation where your steak is under done, the solution here is that the plate is so hot it will continue to cook as it sizzles in front of you. The appetizers are brilliant, the main courses exquisite, and the deserts to die for. I do not think the price should scare you away because it really meets the price to the cent. I recommend Mastro's highly to anyone I can.
5	We went here a few weeks ago for my mother-in-law's birthday and everything was delicious! I had the scallops and the sauce was amazing! Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was amazing! Great restaurant for special occasions.
5	You can never go wrong with any Mastro's restaurant.  I've been to 4 Mastros in California, 1 in Las Vegas and now 2 in Scottsdale and it's always been the same great quality and service.    Their cold seafood platter is dynamite and the server is cognizent of how many items to order for the amount of people in the party.  Their Ice Berg Wedge is an excellent starter and I always get the Petite Filet Medium.  The steak is pretty thick and ordering it Medium Rare can be red and cold in the middle.  Whenver I travel and I know that there will be a Mastro's, the restaurant will be on my list to visit first.
5	I LOVE this place, great food, great service and ambiance. This is the place to take someone for a special occasion or to celebrate a big event. We ended up taking my Brother-in-Law to dinner for graduating Law School. I had a reservation for 7:45 and after checking in with the hostess we were seated shortly after.Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and described their evening specials. He was assisted by another waitress that never let our beverages get below half full. You can tell that these servers take their job very seriously and want to make you feel very comfortable. They will make any exception on making you happy and satisfied.We started off with ordering shrimp cocktails and beef carpaccio. The shrimp cocktail is accompanied with cocktail sauce and this amazing atomic horseradish. This is the kind of horseradish that will clear your sinuses and make your eyes water. I love this stuff, even though it burns it makes you come back for more. The beef carpaccio was also very good and was served with mix greens and toast.Ocean Club also starts you off with bread basket that is filled with a variety of breads from pretzel to sourdough.For my main entree I decided to go with the fillet Mignon cooked medium. The steak came out sizzling hot and melted in your mouth. This has got to be one of the best steaks I have ever had. My brother-in-law ordered the swordfish which he said was amazing.We ordered a side of their lobster mashed potatoes and sauteed broccoli. The lobster mashed were loaded with lobster meat and butter......to die for. For dessert, I finished with my after dinner drink of choice....Sambuca and we ordered the butter cake. This cake has the perfect balance of salty and sweet and is cooked to perfection with crispy edges and a moist center. The cake is served with vanilla ice cream and a huge plate of fresh whipped cream.Overall, this is an amazing restaurant. The service, food and ambiance is the ingredients to a perfect meal. Ocean Club is not cheap but you are paying for an amazing experience. I don't mind paying the extra money when they deliver such a great product. Ocean Club, you have captured another fan, I will definitely be returning!!!!
5	For my 1600th review, I chose the 3rd and final restaurant in the Scottsdale/Phoenix Mastro's trilogy.  I've dined at the other 2 restaurants and this was the last one....I am now complete! :)What more can I say about this place?  Outstanding service and food!  Wifey and I dined with 2 colleagues from out of town.  They'd never dined at a Mastro's before, so we decided to go all out and give this location a try.  Here's what we ordered during this visit:Beef Carpacciohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=0A3PEoUl8nKmlvj8EF5-oQ#0A3PEoUl8nKmlvj8EF5-oQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=Ixj6faa-nc0dTkGppacixw#Ixj6faa-nc0dTkGppacixwShrimp Cocktailhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=3AR60YF7zUfUTlMkpHYINw#3AR60YF7zUfUTlMkpHYINw12 oz Bone-in Filethttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=QVxssj3cmGN4HCaFUaGUUg#QVxssj3cmGN4HCaFUaGUUgLobster Tailhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=7Au-elHq0sjklrUCFmc9Rw#7Au-elHq0sjklrUCFmc9RwSwordfishhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=NSB9arDBjuxvveTXfEw9yA#NSB9arDBjuxvveTXfEw9yAGorgonzola Mac 'n Cheesehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=LqVgNLZiYkTlHyI4l27kMg#LqVgNLZiYkTlHyI4l27kMgButtercakehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=fxt_7zzR_OwjQGnVuODPzw#fxt_7zzR_OwjQGnVuODPzwKey Lime Piehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=Rf66dP2sU3DFvFST48WwfA#Rf66dP2sU3DFvFST48WwfAWhipped Creamhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=V4XXNRsCPC481hDNixC9hg#V4XXNRsCPC481hDNixC9hgChocolate Cakehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mastros-ocean-club-scottsdale?select=tNoj-p2RTdwGIyDk-0sDtw#tNoj-p2RTdwGIyDk-0sDtwI had the Bone-in Filet and the Gorgonzola Mac 'n Cheese....these are my favorite Mastro dishes.  I sampled the Carpaccio, which was phenomenal....it's soo tender and full of flavor.  For Dessert, we all shared 1,000,000 calories worth of dishes (Buttercake, Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Cake, Whipped Cream)....but it's all good when you're dining in a top notch restaurant with great people.I forgot to mention that we put away 2 bottles of Wine during dinner and a nice glass of Port at the end of dinner.  A perfect way to end an evening.Tip - Don't forget that Mastro's is not cheap.  It's a fine dining joint....expect to pay for it.Return Factor - 100%
5	This is the best Maestro's by far! Sitting in the bar is my favorite and no reservation is needed. Start with the Seafood Tower, finish with the butter cake and a fantastic salad and bone in steak in between and you will be a happy camper! Honestly everything is fantastic here!
5	Took my parents to this place a while ago, and have been meaning to write this well deserved review, so now it's about time.  Get the sea bass- it will melt in your mouth (seriously), the spicy Cesar salad delish and the butter cake a total must to end an amazing meal!
5	Yummy!
5	Just the facts:We have been here five times.We have been to both Las Vegas and PhoenixAll time fantasticUnique view at the LV locationHighly recommended
5	The filet was so tender I could have cut it with my thumb.  I found nothing wrong with this place.
2	First of all,  this place is much too loud and the seating too proximate for an upscale establishment.   Literally the tables barely have enough room to squeeze between, and since you almost have to yell to converse, you easily hear your neighbors conversations.  The seafood tower was excellent with the dry ice presentation and quality/taste of shrimp, lobster, crab that we had.So why two stars?   We ordered an 8oz Kobe medallion filet, and instead were served something resembling a  thin flat iron cut.   The waiter specifically said they had the same steaks as Mastro's Steakhouse, so I figured even though this was Ocean Club, they would be competent in red meat.    They were not.For a much better experience at this price point, I would suggest Dominick's across the street.
4	Best shellfish in Phoenix, but you will pay for it.
5	Have dined here over a dozen times.  Love the live piano music in the lounge.  The Chilean Sea Bass and desserts are to die for.  And the service is of course, top notch.  Just be careful in the lounge, I always notice that the floor is extra slippery when in high heels.One of my favorite places to eat in the valley!
5	I only have a couple things to say about this place...Lobster mashed potatoesButter cake
5	My family & I came here to have a celebratory meal, and this place did not disappoint! We had a reservation but arrived early, and we were seated right away. We had an excellent waiter who was very informative and friendly. The bread basket arrived, and it had a huge assortment of flavors in there -- pretzel bread, garlic cheese crisps, etc. Just amazing! Between the 3 of us, we ordered 2 cuts of fish, a steak, and 2 sides. They first gave us each sizzling hot plates with some oil on it for eating off of. Nice presentation. The sides are served family style and are meant to be shared. We opted for the creamed corn and steamed asparagus. Both were delicious and cooked to perfection! We had a petit filet, and they had sliced it up for us to share. It was perfectly pink in the center. Their fish is served very simply, with just the cut of fish for presentation, no add-ons. We had their signature Chilean Sea Bass and Alaskan Halibut. Our server said each fish dish can be served 5 different ways (grilled, pan-seared, etc.), but he recommended that for white fish, it be cooked method #5. Can't recall exactly but it involves some herbs and seasoning. Both the sea bass and the halibut were cooked that way, and they came out scrumptious! They had sliced each piece 3 ways for easy sharing for us, which was very nice. And to round off the meal, we had checked-in on yelp so got a free warm butter cake for dessert! It's normally worth $15! I highly recommend this restaurant for fine dining!
5	I have dined here before while vacationing and always have had a pleasant experience. This time was no different. The server was on top of everything and so was the co-server. I ordered a salad, which the server kindly did a half order for me. It was delicious and fresh . The Chilean Sea Bass was TO DIE FOR. A very generous serving size and cooked just right. The sauteed broccoli was fresh and tasty too. I also ordered the Chocolate Sin cake...which was a sin!! IT WAS SOOOO GOOD. I like this restaurant, because even if you do not spend your life's savings, you are still treated well and not rushed out. I have never dined there with live music and sitting in the bar this time, I was able to enjoy the band. The music was great and added a lot positive energy.I will definitely be back!
1	Updated 8/3/2013.A couple weeks ago, I wrote the updated review below wherein I was contacted by the manager of Mastro's Ocean Club. He said he would either take our three entrees off our tab or send us a gift certificate (for the price of the three entrees). I asked him which would be easier for him and he said the gift certificate. I got the gift certificate last week...it was for $100...not even close to covering the cost of our entrees. My lobster, for example was $70...that would mean the other two entrees totaled would have had to have been $30 and we all know that the scallops and the bone-in ribeye would be more than $30 each.I am really upset. I wish I would have told the manager to have the price of the entrees removed from our bill even though it would have taken him longer to do it. Believe me, we won't be using the gift certificate anytime soon, as we are very disappointed in this whole matter. And if the manager is reading this and wondering why I didn't call him...it's like this. You didn't comp us for the price of our entrees like you said you would, and if you can't abide by your word, why should I bother calling? I'm sure you'll just have some flimsy excuse why you did what you did.I'm thoroughly disgusted with Mastro's Ocean Club...no longer a fan.*****The other day after I posted my review on Mastro's Ocean Club, I was contacted by their parent corporation asking me to complete a survey and note my remarks. Yesterday, the manager of Ocean Club called me to discuss my remarks. He was very pleasant and we discussed at some length the issues I had described. He provided a very nice resolution to the whole ordeal which I thought was very nice. Needless to say, I'll be giving Ocean Club another chance and look forward to making the acquaintance of the manager.One other positive note: after enjoying the Blufeld Reisling on my visit to the restaurant, I have been able to find the wine in the Valley. After a discussion with AJ's, they explained to me the differences in the Reidl stemware created for various wines and I now have four beautiful pieces of stemware to compliment my Blufeld. Next time I will remember to note the name of my waiter, so I can give him the praise he so richly deserves for recommending this wine.
5	The filet was cooked to perfection... great flavor.  My drink was a bit strong in fact I couldn't even finish it.  Definitely a place to revisit.
5	This is a great place to get drinks with friends or to have a special date night.  I like sitting in the bar area because it is more casual but you still get great service.  My favorite thing here are the Lobsters mash potatoes. Yummy!
5	When you go to the Ocean Club, it feels like a special event...even if you're just there for a drink.  If you're interested in a world class dinner for business or with friends/family, Ocean Club has never disappointed.  The lounge is very cool with live music and table clothed high tops.  I'd recommend having one or two gin martini's but they've got whatever you're looking for.  It's my favorite.
5	What isn't there to like about Ocean Club? I'd like to start off by saying this review is for the bar only. I'd rate the restaurant a little lower at about 3.5 or 4 stars. The bar is amazing. There is good live piano music and the cocktails are so good - might even be my favorite place for drinks in Scottsdale. Not only are the cocktails great, but the wine list is super extensive and you cannot go wrong with almost any choice.It frustrates me when people review restaurant on yelp based on the drinks, so I want to clarify that Ocean Club not only has 5 star drinks it has 5 star food. The oysters are probably my favorite in all of Arizona, they are cleaned very well and always fresh, and how can you go wrong when they are accompanied by pretzel bread and garlic toasts!? The salads are also nice to have as well as the shrimp cocktail (they are more like little lobsters). The best thing on the menu thought? The Mac and cheese!!! You can't go wrong spending a Saturday night with a drink and some light food at the bar at Ocean Club. My only warning: it is an older crowd. So if that is something that turns you off, it might not be for you.
4	Enjoyed our anniversary dinner here recently and the only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think it's too high for what you receive.  Yes, it's in the Kierland area alongside Dominicks, Mortons Eddy V's, etc., but overall I think it's high for seafood.  We have enjoyed all of the other Maestro steak houses but hadn't yet tried Ocean Club. We were there on a Monday night and it was still a busy place for a weekday.  Bar  area is gorgeous, and they have live music every night of the week.  We sat at a table in the bar so we could listen to the music and it was not too loud so that we could still talk and enjoy ourselves.  Service was stellar, Nick was our waiter and he did a great job. The menu is seafood primarlly and steaks which are prepared the same at any of the Maestro properties (City Hall and Mastro's Steakhouse)..The seabass was outstanding and hubby had the ahi tuna...we shared a salad and lobster mashed potatoe as a side (everything is big enough to share) and a great bottle of wine...Butter cake is to die for so don't miss that.
5	Great atmosphere and food! I had the Sea Bass which was great! Great restaurant for special occasion or they have a bar area with live music if you choose to not make reservations for the weekend!! Enjoy!
2	Very disappointing. My $49 piece of fish (plus more for sides) was soggy and bland. Should have gone elsewhere.
2	Food was off the charts but our waitress was awful. Amending review.  Let me explain, first of all the restaurant is very nice.  We waited in the bar for our table with a glass of wine.  When we sat down, a fabulous, wonderful happy woman came over to talk to us about wine, some menu items.  We asked if she could be our server and she explained no.  Too bad!!!  After a long wait our waitress came over to take drink order.  She was so blah and it took forever to get.  No mention of appetizers no suggestions, no enthusiasm.   First time here for 2 of us, what are u known for?  The table next door was getting the service of a lifetime from their waiter, by the way.    Food came out very hot and absolutely fantastic.  Had coupon for dessert, waitress would not take ( after spending 450 on dinner) then came back to say she would.  Too late.  My daughter loves this place and was treating parents to dinner first time at ocean club.  Maybe my expectations are too high.  Just disappointed that my daughter spent a lot of money for average.
4	Really good service and great food.  Only problem I have is the cost.  Other than that great!
5	Two of us dined at Ocean Club on a Tuesday night around 8pm. It turned out to be just about the perfect day and time as it was not too busy while also there was enough room for us to have our own space without another occupied table too near us. What can I say? I go for the food. I do not care to listen to other peoples conversations no matter who they are and what they do.Let's talk food.OK, that butter cake made me laugh like it had drugs in it. The combo of the warm sweet sugary cake with melting ice cream, fresh strawberries and homemade whipped cream is so good that I'd not be surprise to learn that they secretly added some type of anti-depressants. The big surprise was just how crisp, sweet and perfectly delicious the snap peas were. I mean they are only veggies. How wonderful can they get. Well the answer is that they can be out of this world. Biting into one at a time was a carnival of blissful experiences. Our server was Eric and he had it down cold. He was experienced and seemed to possess a deep understanding of all food and drink. Eric knew just how to handle each customer in a unique way. I saw him adjust his approach with every table he visited. It is not often that you suspect you were lucky enough to get the best employee in the place. We talked at length with Eric and learned his secret to superior service. He has been a chef, sever, small business owner, etc. With a long and diverse background in food service, we really enjoyed his expertise. This is coming from me and I do not chat about personal stuff with the folks that bring out my food very often. Somehow Eric knew that it was OK on this night to talk with us like we were all old friends and I though it was fun.My main  course was lobster and it was amazing as expected.Overall, it was one of my best restaurant experiences in my entire life and I have dined at great spots in NY, Paris, Sedona and Miami.The price could have been twice as much and I would have paid it with a smile.
5	Awesome place. My husband and I went to Mastro's Ocean Club while visiting Scottsdale on a business trip based on the reviews on Yelp. It was wonderful!!!  The bar scene was amazing, the live music which was heard from outside was the greatest music. The appetizers and drinks came to our table sizzling, wow!!  I was impressed.  The shrimp cocktail and martini were fabulous.  Our waiter, I believe his name was Brandon, was the greatest.  Very sweet, thoughtful, made suggestions, not pushy.. great guy.  The steak wasnt fabulous, probably my fault though, i ordered it medium well, so a little overcooked, but the crab legs were to die for.  The bread and butter brought out before dinner were warm and fresh.  We are from Los Angeles, but have never been to the Mastro's in Beverly Hills.  Actually, I had never even heard of it til I read the reviews on Yelp.  The staff, hostess, waiters, etc. were all outstanding, even the lady in the bathroom handing out towels was a pleasure, thank you for having her there.  I will definitely come back to Mastros Ocean Club, actually i want to move to Scottsdale once the kids go to college.
5	white table cloth, outstanding food, incredible service.  what else is there to say?  first time at a mastro's and boy was it an experience.  sides are served family style so be careful on how much you order.  i shared my lobster tail with my wife.  it was very good.  the bone in rib eye that she ordered was absolutely delicious.
5	I went here 2 months ago and was disappointed with my fish. Gave it another try but this time had a filet. I will have dreams about that filet. Cooked perfect and had awesome flavor. Service was 10 times better too. Glad I gave it another shot.
5	We went for dinner last night and the food and service was excellent. Would definatly reccomend. They went overboard for our special occasion. Great dinner.
5	I love Ocean Club! We have eaten here many times as we live very close. The service is attentive and what should be expected from a fine dining restaurant. I swear I could just live off the pretzel bread and butter cake! They have an extensive wine list and their cocktails are also very generous portions. The lobster mashed potatoes are delicious and last time I was here I had the big eye tuna, which was cooked to perfection! Love love love this restaurant!
4	Been here a few times and always end up getting the Chilean seabass!  Best tasting fish I ever had!  I believe it's about $40 just for the fish itself, but oh my it's worth eating good fish and having it prepared right.  I love the diff. bread options they give you off the bat- cheese, pretzel, mini baguete, and some other kind.  You have to order the sides separately, so whatever you get don't get the lobster mashed potato...not worth it.  Cant taste any lobster for that price!  Giving it only 4 stars since i haven't tried much of the other main entrees.
5	Expect Excellence in food and service. Bone in Rib-eyeGorgonzola Mac and Cheese. YUM.Oh, don't forget your wallet. You're gonna need it. ;-)
3	I've eaten here several times prior but last nights visit was disappointing.  We started with Calamari..and it was bleh.  It was well seasoned but it tasted like something you'd get at Claim Jumper (Hopefully that's not a sign since the parent company of Claim Jumper now owns Mastros...). However, our server picked up that I was less than thrilled with the calamari and graciously removed it from the bill for us.Onto the main course. I had the 12 ounce filet, medium rare, and while it was served on a hot plate, the steak was cool and the outer half-inch was extremely rough and dry.   Again, not what I'm used to from Mastros.The Gorgonzola mac & cheese was good and as always the warm butter cake was to die for.Maybe we caught them on a bad night but I hope this isn't a sign of things to come since mega-chain owner Landry's acquired them in late May. Dominick's has been outperforming them lately.
3	I love Mastro's and I believe that the Chicago location has the best service.  As for the Ocean's Club we expected the equal amount of attention and service but that did not occur.   As for our waitress we didn't appreciate the comedy show with her constant joking.  We were never asked for drink refills, coffee refills and plates were left on the table after we were finished.  When you pay that kind of money you expect a certain level of service. We will try it again but with a different server.
3	Poor service and loud, hectic atmosphere characterize this restaurant, not good food.  Eating here is painful. One would expect that the abundance of servers, waiters, busboys, etc running around make an efficient system, but the reason for them being there is to get you out of the restaurant as fast as possible after spending your money. It is seriously overstaffed with perdons who just want to chat among themselves. Mastros Ocean Club offers poor value and a painful experience under the desguise of fine dining. The lobster bisque is good but it will fill you up. The greasy lobster potatoes are a waste. Try a sime potato instead. The fish? Dry, blah, no taste. There is no way that it is fresh. This was not our first time at Mastros OC and this review is based on my impressions at every visit.
5	There hasn't been one experience where I haven't loved ocean club. For any occasion that comes my way, my first instinct is to go to ocean club. The wonderful service , interior and food makes this a five star gourmet restaurant. I recommend who is willing to pay for their buck to come here because you will never leave not satisfied. If i had the option to come here every night I would hands down do so. Birthdays, anniversary's or graduations, this place makes it the best place to celebrate with class.
5	Was a big fan of Mastros steakhouse so as soon as I heard about the Ocean Club I had to try it. I'm so glad I did. It is a wonderful restaurant. The cold seafood tower is delicious. The king crab and oysters were so fresh. The salads are so good, such great choices and unique variety. Great cocktails, wonderful bread, incredible service and the desserts are yummy too. Great central location in Kierland. Highly recommend this one for anyone is Scottsdale.
5	We had an amazing time ringing in 2014 at Ocean Club.  We made dinner reservations at 9 intending to hang out the rest of the night.  Table was ready right away, server was awesome and the food didn't disappoint!  We all ordered a surf-n-turf steak and lobster combo and shared the lobster mashed potatoes.  The warm butter cake is a MUST order! Yum!Great way to ring in the new year and we are considering going back next year!
1	This is the most awful restaurant.  T hey are just rude and uppity.  Go across the street to Tommy Bohama's and have a great mea.\l with nice waiters
5	As usual, the Ocean Club was packed - on a Tuesday night!  My favorite thing about this establishment is the superior training and execution delivered by the staff - from the front to the back of the restaurant. You sense it immediately. And you sense how engaged the staff is in delivering exceptional customer experiences. They move quick, think fast, and don't miss the details - but they still take time to build rapport with each table. And then there's the food!  I ordered a New York Strip, medium rare, that was absolutely marvelous!  The signature seasoning applied to their steaks really sets them and finishes the taste of the fine beef well.  Mastro's know fine dining and they deliver it - every time!
4	We went in January for dinner as my husband received a gift card. Yes, this place is pricey, but well worth it. The service is phenomenal. They even have bathroom attendants! My husband got the bone-in filet and I got the king crab legs. He ordered the wedge salad and I had the chopped salad. We had the sugar snap peas and scalloped potatoes as sides. Even though he asked for the filet as medium, it came medium rare. He didn't mind. I had a bite and while it was very tender, I would have sent it back for more cooking. My king crab legs were fantastic. Perfectly cooked - not too salty or too watery. The sugar snap peas were crisp and the scalloped potatoes were very rich. Our server was spot on until we finished our meal. She was being attentive to a large table, but we were ignored for a good 10-15 minutes once our entree dishes were cleared. This is the reason I didn't give 5 stars. I think this is a great place to go for a special occasion dinner. We're not the only ones who think that because the restaurant was packed in early January.
3	We 'popped in' on our first day in Phoenix, Saturday at 5:30 they were fully reserved including part of the lounge.  The breads and the portions are very generous! The service was impeccable, attentive and only  five star hotels in Europe could compete.  I do hope the formal dining room holds to a dress code as that is what took away from our experience, though we were in the 'lounge',  We didn't need a tv on the wall with this excellent type of service and menu.  We had tuna tartare, caesar salad (could of had more garlic and less dressing);  the tuna portions were too large for a first course. (Not complaining given the cost reflected the size. Went on to have rack of lamb and sea bass, with sides of roasted Brussels sprouts and twice baked potato. The Brussels sprouts were exceptional, the twice baked potato was nothing that couldn't be found in a 1970's steak house.  Extensive and creative drink menu. Left impressed with service and good food but, also a bit pinched with the cost.  They charge as high as we have ever paid and they are fully booked...what more can I say?
5	Amazing service. A wow factor dining experience start to finish. The seafood tower is fresh, fun and a festive way to start the party. My main course, Ahi tuna absolutely awesome. From dinner, drinks To signature butter cake desert an over the top experience you won't want to miss.
5	Just had one of the best meals of my life! The hubby and I ordered the Wagu boned in ribeye along with a lobster roll served with sugar snap peas. The meat was tender and tasty and the sushi was amazing as well, we loved the combination along with our wine. For dessert we shared the butter cake which was a HUGE plate of pure indulgence. The service was too notch, the restrooms were clean, the ambiance was elegant and romantic. They opened the windows as the sun set and allowed the fresh breeze in. We felt like we were really taken care of. Our server, Patrick, was friendly and knowledgeable. Can't wait to come back again! Wish we didn't live in the snowy tundra of Wisconsin! It truly was a 5 star experience!
3	I came here specifically to eat crab gnocci before I started my diet. We could have been seated but I suggested we sit at the bar because we had great service the last time we sat at the bar. We waited a very long time to get a menu, waited a long time for our waters, and waited again to place our order. That's all we did was wait. For everything. An hour passed and I asked for the manager. I told him about the service and that we were still waiting on our food. He comped our drinks and we went to Dominick's. I was really shocked at how bad the service was. When you pay an arm and a leg for food you expect a high level of food and service. I understand there are off situations and I hope that's the case.
4	Food is well portioned and always excellent . The lobster mash potatoes are delicious and are highly recommended. The horseradish is one of the best I have ever had . Definitely one that clears  your nostrils:)  My husband and I dine their every year for our anniversary.
5	Pricey!!!  However, great meal as usual. When visiting Scottsdale, we always go their once for dinner. It's our date night when we leave the kids with the parents.King crab legs were the best that I've ever had. The butter cake was delicious.
5	We usually try to make it to Maestros when we are in Scottsdale. It is pricey but oh so delicious. We like to sit in the bar area to hear the live music and watch the people. We started off with oysters in the half shell. The blue point bay oysters were delicious. They serve a variety of breads in a basket, my hands down favorite is the pretzel bread. Be careful, if you eat too many you won't enjoy your dinner. The roasted Brussel sprouts were served sizzling in a saucepan that was put under the broiler for a minute to get that light char flavor. I had the seared ahi sashimi which was served in a light teriyaki type glaze. Although it was a large serving it was a little salty due to the Cajun rub. My husband had the Chilian Sea Bass which was fresh and baked to perfection with a golden crust.  He said it was the best fish he has ever had. The peachtini was a generous 2 glass serving at $18 and delicious served in a chilled glass with a twist of orange. Overall a wonderful dinner with excellent seafood.
5	It doesn't get any better than this.  Anytime I have out if town visitors that want a great meal we go to Ocean Club.  This place is what all great restaurants should be like.
3	The crab legs and lobster tail are to die for.  The food was terrific, the service could have been better.  The staff seemed extremely stressed out, but other than that, wonderful food, beautiful building in a great location.  We walked around the complex after dinner, the shops and the scenery in the Kierland complex in Scottsdale are very beautiful.
5	I've been to Maestro's Ocean Club 6-7 times, and each time it does not disappoint - It . Is . Fabulous .  This past weekend we ordered the Oyster's Rockefeller to start with and they were as delicious as always. For our entrees, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my boyfriend ordered the Filet Oscar Style - both dishes were amazing. Spinach and mushroom sides were also very good - this place is exceptional. For dessert we shared the key lime pie, and it was surprisingly a large slice - loved it! Usually we get the signature warm butter cake for dessert and it is heavenly. Overall, we love Maestros' Ocean Club. The service is always impeccable and then food outstanding. The bar area has live music and is a perfect place to people watch. The dining room on the other side is also very nice and a bit quieter. I would recommend Maestro's Ocean Club to anyone for any occasion or just a regular day.
5	Simply incredible dining experience. Would have liked to have been greeted sooner once we were sat; but, other than that, everything was perfect.
5	I will echo most if the reviews here. This place is expensive but amazing. In my top five Scottsdale restaurants for sure.A few things not to miss:The sweet potato fries : best I have ever hadSea bass: as good as it getsThe butter cake: quite possibly the best thing you can eat anywhere.Now I just have to wait for my arm and leg to grow back so I can go again.
3	GREAT food, bad execution. Took my girlfriend to Mastro's Ocean Club last night for her birthday. My parents and I had been there for their anniversary last year, and because of some snafus with the service, Mastro's had thoughtfully provided a gift card for a return visit. The gift card was then given to my girlfriend as a sort of re-gift present. Upon arrival, we were seated immediately, and provided everything we ordered with speed and efficiency. In-all, the food was excellent. Too excellent, as it turned out. After our appetizer and soup course, both of us were pretty much full. She was (with much difficulty) able to finish her steak, whereas I was able to consume about a bite-and-a-half of my bone-in ribeye. We basically didn't touch either of the side-dish that we ordered. Dessert was thoughtfully provided to her, as it was her birthday, again which we touched very little. Each time our wait staff cleared our table, I informed them clearly that I would be taking whatever remained home with me. That the food was wonderful, but that there was simply too much of it. So imagine my surprise when I went to grab some of the steak and side-dishes for lunch today, only to discover that they weren't there. In fact, with the exception of the dessert, and the remains of one salad, none of our leftovers were sent home with us. Probably a good...$75 wasted. The food is amazing, but after my parents' issues, and now this, I will probably not be returning to Mastro's again.
5	Standing on a rooftop, I shout "I absolutely love Mastro's Ocean Club!"  It's my absolute favorite place to dine when visiting Scottsdale.  I've been 4 times, for business and for pleasure (even though this makes it one of the same, 100% pleasure).The bar is beautiful, reminds me of an Absolute ad of color and things stacked atop of another magnificently, hence that's why I used ABSOLUTE so much.  I can go on and on about Mastro's, the seafood is terrific, and they even have wonderful steaks.  I have heard about the ship to shore to restaurant process, and it's nothing short of phenomenal. But what I really want to focus your attention on two things, the Lobster Mashed Potatoes, and incredible, awe inspiring, Seafood Tower.  Focus, FOCUS!First, the Lobster Mashed Potatoes: creamy, lobstery, and the most perfect mashed potatoes you can imagine (I think they are buttery, too).  They will leave in a state of bliss.  They go perfect with anything you order, seafood and meat dish.  I absolutely adore this.Second, and without a doubt, the most outstanding thing on the menu, the Seafood Tower.  I've had it small (3-4 items), and I've it large (7-8 items), but I get it each and every time I go to MOC.  They clear the table, fast before your eyes.  Then, they bring out the monstrosity, a tower, 2/3/4 tiers depending on how much is ordered for how many, and the thing is smoking.  Literally.  Served on dry ice (and regular), it's a feast for king.  You have your choice from snow crab claws, crab legs, blue crab, oysters on the half shell, lobster cocktails, jumbo shrimp, lobster tails, among others.  Each and every selection is the freshest thing you can have.  I love it.  I would make sweet love to it!  It's pricey, but worthy of making credit card payments.It's a chain, I know, but the food and service has always been outstanding.
5	This was everything I had hoped and more, amazing seafood cocktail tower appetizer, the best steak I've had in a year, and the Mac and Cheese was melt in your mouth delicious! Would go back anytime, amazing service too!!
3	Had a disappointing meal here last night. Brought out the inlaws and some of their friends visiting from out of town.The food my wife and I had was perfect. I had the sea bass an my wife had the seared ahi and a shrimp cocktail. All were delicious.The problem last night was with the steaks. 3 of the people in my group ordered filets. 2 of the 3 were end cuts and slightly over cooked. Not enough to go through the hassle of sending them back and getting new steaks but for a place like Mastro's not the typical perfection I have known to expect. My father inlaws had been looking toward to this steak all week and went home disappointed.The other problem I noticed lat night is that they seem to be jamming more and more tables into the place which means you're sitting right on top of the tables around you. Eddie V's might be the new go to...
2	We went here for a celebratory dinner.  I envisioned high end service with a smile.  It's all an appearance.  The waiter was nice but frowned the entire evening.  We were there for late reservations so they weren't even busy.  The food was unimpressive.  Over price and over rated.  I won't waste my money again!
5	Phenomenal!  Atmosphere is incredibly elegant, food and service out of this world!  Drinks are also amazing!  If you want an elegant steak dinner, this is the spot!
5	What a great meal!  Excellent food served by a highly professional yet pleasant staff in a beautiful environment. We ate in the bar area which is bit more casual than the dining room but it visually appealing and very comfortable. I strongly recommend the KC Strip, Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese and Roasted Brussels Sprouts (they're definitely not your mother's brussel sprouts...no offense to my mother or any of the other mothers out there).
5	Mike was one of the best waiters I have had at any restaurant. We will be coming back for our next date night, and asking for him. this was dated feb 14th 2013 - took me this long to post. sorry!
5	So, I think I just found my new favorite seafood place, and its only 10 minutes from work. SCORE.Lobster mashed potatoes, Lobster mashed potatoes, Lobster mashed potatoes. The best thing you can order, I swear. You have to order this if you are a fan of mashed potatoes. If you like a little spice.. the jalepeno tuna sashimi. Its the highest quality fish I've had and its got a mild spice to it. delicious. They also have a great wine list. I loved the live music and the song choices are amazing. Oh, third eye blind, john mayer, and dave matthews band? I think I'm in love.
3	Went for a celebration.  The service was pretty good--not great.  The shrimp cocktail was AMAZING!  So amazing, in fact that I decided to order the lobster tail just so I could have more shellfish.  Unforcunately, It was AWFUL.  For $87 I got a lobster tail that was so tough I could barely cut through it.  We told our waiter who did not apologize but did offer to remake.  I declined the offer but could not eat it.  Although he never apologized, the waiter did take the lobster off the bill.  We appreciated that, but left thinking that a restaurant that holds itself out as expert in seafood should have never sent out the lobster tail in that condition.
1	Two friends and I were visiting Scottsdale from Las Vegas over the weekend.  We decided to try Mastro's Ocean Club and since it was last minute we decided to just have dinner in the bar area.  All the tables were taken with the exception of about 5 tables the were near the walls.  So I walk to the hostess and ask if the bar area was self seating and I was told to talk to a gentleman regarding the tables near the walls.  I asked him if we could sit at one of the tables and order dinner.  Simple request, right?.  He said he would come find us in the bar and seat us.  After about 30 mins he still had not come to seat us...tables still open too.  I see the guy who was going to seat us and I hold up my hands signalling, "what's going on," he shrugged his shoulders as if to say "oh well".  I wanted to leave right then and there but my friends said they were okay to eat at the bar.  Needless to say were not seated and had to settle for a couple appetizers which we ate standing at the bar while 5 tables remained empty.  It seemed like the guy refused to seat us because we did not grease his palm.  It was a terrible experience and I will never visit that particular Mastro's again.  I've had pleasant experiences at the Ocean Club in Newport Beach as well as the one in Las Vegas.
5	Mastro's Ocean Club is fantastic!  The seafood is super fresh and caught and cooked within a day or two.  It is on the pricey side, but you are getting excellent food and impeccable service.  The experience was pleasant right from the sit down.  They even called my wife the following day to thank us for dining there.  How many restaurants do that these days?!?!
5	This place is amazing. Very classy and although there is not a dress code, I would suggest dressing nicely. Very high end food and high end service. The waiters are dressed in Tuxes and are very knowledgeable. Had the Sea Bass as well as great sides like lobster mash potatoes and creamed spinach. Everything was amazing. It's on the expensive side so bring your plastic.
4	Ocean Club is a great place to impress a date. The atmosphere is great, service is fantastic and the food is good. The atmosphere and service surpasses the food. They serve a great basked of bread. But they can skip everything but the pretzel bread. I am totally addicted to Ocean Club's  pretzel bread. I always order more and they bring another basket which the waiter delivers without a roll of the eyes . The butter is soft - can't stand it when the butter comes out a cold little ice cube. Here it is soft and ready to spread. We started with the Seafood Tower. We picked crab, lobster and a few others.  That was where we could have stopped and been full but didn't. I had the lemon sole. Okay I was not that impressed. It was  a bit dry and not much flavor. That was disappointing but since I was full already - not a big deal. My guy got the Chilean Sea Bass and loved it. Of course we had the lobster potatoes which is a rich and large dish that could be a dinner for two. Then we topped it off with their signature Butter Cake and chocolate cake. Both were great. But portions are big so you really only need one dessert (and more romantic to split a dessert!). The service is the best thing about Ocean Club. The wait staff is attentive but don't interrupt you every 15 seconds. They seem to just know when something is needed or wanted. If you want to impress your date, get seating inside the restaurant area. If you want to do people watching and the noise doesn't bother you, the bar area is the place to be.
4	I went here on a Saturday evening. What a bad choice. I sat at the bar and oh my goodness!!! What a pick up scene. Marley and band was playing that night. The music was great. The constant Casanovas slithering by was ridiculous. This is a great establishment to take a date to, but single women sitting at the bar beware. I had the shrimp martini and the chopped salad which were both very enjoyable. The Ketel One and cran was to my liking.  Not a fan of being picked up on while I eat. But hey, you can't blame a man for trying, right?
4	I liked the enironment , the vibe, the waitress is so welcoming, and nice. The food is abit overrated I had a ribeye at that time, their cocktails are great. The guys that brings bread and fill your water did hit my chair several times without apologizing. Other than that it's a great place
1	I feel like I have to post this review because this was an embarrassingly bad and expensive miss. I can't find a way to even justify three stars. I have visited Mastro's from Beverly Hills, Thousand Oaks, and Scottsdale. Not once was I treated so poorly and felt ashamed in front of guests. You take people here to impress them with top notch food and service this is why you pay top notch prices. There a few places that charge more and to be honest this is the only time it was so bad. Bland and boring food and exceptionally rude service that is not the norm. They were busy but not busting at the seams.My wife ordered the lobster which was no better then you guessed it Red Lobster. She asked repeatedly for drawn butter after hers was spilled and did not get it until close to 20 mins after her lobster was served. Deplorable! My martini I ordered was watered down which is very out of character for this place. Our guests (our newly married daughter and son-in-law) decided to share a steak and shrimp cocktail. The steak was ordered med-rare but was served med+. Unforgivable. I will be going to Steak 44 who are actually the original family/owners of this chain and hoping to find some semblance of the place I have become accustomed to.
5	I've been to nearly every top steakhouse in town, and you can't get a better steak anywhere. It's not just a great seafood place, it's a world - class steakhouse too. Food, service, atmosphere is all top, top notch. Worth every penny.
3	Overall the seafood (the main reason we went here) was well cooked and of good quality.  My wife had the scallops which were very flavorful and tender and i had the sea bass which was cooked perfectly but bland.  The service was very good and attentive but the atmosphere left much to be desired.  It was too loud and dark and for couples they have special two top tables  with one seat on a long benched wall.  I found this to be very uncomfortable and not intimate at all.  I would not go back.  Too expensive given one bland dish and poor setting.
5	The best dessert I've ever had is the butter cake, with fruit, whipped cream and ice cream. I have always enjoyed dinner, sea bass is my favorite, what a treat it always is to go to Ocean Club!
5	Lobster mashed potatoes and butter cake, need I say more. This place will change your life, it did for me. I took my wife here on our first date and I proposed to her at this place. Ocean Club management surprised us with complimentary champagne and gave us the best service in the industry. I have stopped in wearing golf shorts and other times dressed up for special events. Ocean Club never disappoints. The servers are great and the management is exceptional. Best place in Arizona!
4	This restaurant was recommended by a family member who lives in Scottsdale. The atmosphere is upscale, classy and dimly lit. Our server was informative and attentive. He provided helpful responses to our menu questions.  I started with the lobster bisque which was flavorful and included lumps of lobster meat.  My entree was the Sea Scallops which were toped with a wine sauce and lightly broiled.  Awesome!!  My friend had the salmon and the macaroni and cheese with bacon.  Our waiter suggested ordering the crumbled bacon with the Mac and Cheese.  It was delicious.  Our food was promptly delivered to our table while it was at the appropriate temperature.It was a superior dining experience and I highly recommend it for seafood.
4	This place consistently has great service and great scene. Excellent seafood and steaks. They feed as well as entertain with great food presentations. Overall a great vibe and is on my usual rotation of places to have great business dinners. Not cheap, in fact downright expensive. My biggest complaint is the wine mark up. They have a great wine selection but seem to press new limits of how much you should mark up wine. Save your money then go to Mastros to blow it all on good food and a good time.
4	Went there for special occasion. Great bar and drinks. Ordered Hawaiian tuna. Kitchen overdosed on toasted sesame seeds and tuna didn't appear to be same day fresh and somewhat stringy. Manager was kind enough to make amends. Otherwise everything else was great!!! Billy the bartender and Chris the waiter always super. Will go back but will probably not be ordering the tuna again. Enjoy.
2	Look, it's Mastro's, we all know that it's expensive going in but when you want good oysters you don't want to skimp.We ordered a dozen assorted that were on special.  4 kumamotos, 4 fanny bay and 4 blue points.Of the 6 oysters I hate only 1 was good.  The others were fishy and mealy.  Just not fresh.  Very disappointing for the price.2 stars for the very nice and accommodating bar tender.
5	Of all the Mastro's I've been this is my favorite! The one in Beverly Hills, CA is great as well but the environment is way different and the service is less good.I always order the same: -oysters (Kumamoto) and shrimp cocktail (huge and delicious) with lots of fresh horse radish. - sometimes I get the clam chowder which is amazing but I have to say it's very buttery and heavy.- bone in steak. I always order the small one with a side of veggies.I don't usually like sweets but you can't get out of there without trying the Butter Cake desert! This Mastro's has so far the best live music, usually some blonde girl that sings really good and a guy at the piano. And the staff is extra friendly.
5	This place is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix.  If you are looking for a good place to take your wife/girlfriend, this is the place.  Awesome food, awesome service, great ambiance.  I recommend the Scallops, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Chilean Sea Bass and the Butter Cake.  Also, like all Mastro's, they have an excellent wire selection.  The day after our visit, I got a call from the restaurant thanking me for my business.  Very highly recommended.
5	This restaurant, just like all the others I have been fortunate to enjoy serves up the best food as well as the staff could not be better.
5	I stopped here with a co-worker after a business meeting in Scottsdale.  We had a redeye flight late that night and wanted a nice meal before heading to the airport.We got there early before the dinner crowd, and finished up some work form our meeting and then enjoyed a glass of wine and dinner.   I'm a vegetarian so I ordered a salad.  Salad was definitely tasty, but my coworker raved about her fish.  She said it was the best she'd ever had.    Sometimes when you read great reviews it leaves space for disappointment, but that was definitely not our experience.  I'd go here again when in Scottsdale.
5	BF and I stopped in while enjoying an impromptu mini vacation in Arizona.   There is something wonderful about deliberately leaving your Southern Calif. coastal community in late August and going to Scottsdale Arizona during her off season.  Everything is open and everything is available.   And Mastro's never disappoints. The service levels are so superior that the food pales in comparison.   Every moment is attended to with grace and professional courtesy.  Dinner was a "made to order" surf and turf split between the two of us.  They even split the steak and cook ours to order, his rare and mine medium.   The lobster was sweet and moist.  The creamed corn and creamed spinach beyond compare.  Everything was done with our intent in mind.   Only small flaw was the Creme Brulee.  Our server highly recommended the butter cake and I think we should have listened.   It seemed as though the Brulee was made earlier in the day and sat in the refrigerator.   The caramelized sugar was too cold to have been made to order. The wine list was a little more limited than my expectations but was quickly relieved with a reserve list upon order. And a phone call the following day to thank us for visiting. It get's no better than this. Thank you!
5	The service was outstanding, the good is phenomenal!  We ordered steak which was melting in our mouth, the scallops were perfectly cooked, fresh tasting and leaving us wanting to order a second serving.
2	Made reservations there for my wife's birthday. I live in the Plaza Lofts in Kierland, so this was walking distance, just 3 minutes away. We arrived on time and were promptly brought to our table which was stuffed in the back corner by a waiters station. The issue with this is the restaurant was half empty, so we passed  several tables that were preferable. (the empty tables stayed empty for at least an hour.My wife had the twin lobster tails which were rubbery with no flavor. We ordered the yellow tail sashimi which smelled and tasted "fishy". They claim to offer a Gluten Free menu but they did not have gluten free soy sauce!!!???? My steak was good but nothing memorable...just a meal.Of course, the fellow in the suit came by to ask how everything was. I told him about the poor seating and he shot back, "we should have asked for something else". I don't know why I'm forced to debate  an 18 year old girl with too much make-up and an attitude about my seat.  For some reason they feel its smarter to shove me in a crappy seat (regardless my reservation) and leave better seating EMPTY.MY wife used to bring corporate clients to OC....because it's close to her office in Kierland.....used to!
5	The lobster mashed potatoes alone merit a 5 star review for this place! I could just eat that for dinner! The staff are courteous and attentive. One of my favorite places for fine seafood in the Phoenix area.
5	I'm sure I was a mermaid in my past life because if I could live solely off seafood, I would never miss meat ever again.This place I hold dear to my heart. My boyfriend took me here on our first date and maybe that has something to do with this fabulous review I'm about to write but bias aside, the food here is the best seafood you will get in Arizona. PERIOD.I ordered the scallops and my boyfriend ordered the swordfish. The sauce the scallops come in is the best sauce I've had on any seafood. It's not light and citrusy so if that's what you're going for, don't order it. It's more cheesy, rich and filling.The swordfish was also delicious. It came without any dressing or vegetables or anything but it didn't need it! The fish speaks for itself.Also, if you're willing to splurge a little more, get some sides! The mushrooms, the potatoes and the asparagus are worth it. Take home the leftovers.MAKE A RESERVATION AHEAD OF TIME. THIS PLACE IS ALWAYS PACKED.I haven't tried dessert here, but if it's anything like the desserts at Maestro's Steakhouse, it's worth every penny.
5	Friday was going swimmingly well until I ran over a dog on the way to Mastro's.Some little fuckworth terrier was running around in circles in the slow lane on the 101 and next thing ya know, SPLAT!!!I walk in and meet my party of six already seated. Still in shock, I order a martini. It arrives. I think Morticia Adams was the mixologist, it's brimming with dry ice vapors, like I'm drinking eye of newt or some shit. It gets better.The lady seated next to me was a size  minus 2. She made Karen Carpenter look like a pregnant Adele. She started talking to me but I was fixated on the tire bump sound when I wasted the dog. I tuned in. Of all the fucking luck, guess what she wanted to talk about - you ready for this - her two Irish Setters. Of all things in the universe to talk about, she decides to talk about her dogs. I order another Morticia special.Four drinks in, the freeway dog kill now a distant memory, I ordered the biggest cut of beef they had - a twenty-four ounce cowboy something or other.I ordered it rare.For killing someone's poopsie, the night didn't turn out too bad. Mastro's helped me to wash the whole unpleasant event away, like it never happened.The steak was amazing. So were the onion rings.The martinis knocked my shit out.I just added dog-killer to my lugubrious resume.Mastro's was awesome.The size minus two went home with my friend. He said she looked like a holocaust victim when he got her naked.Eeew.
5	Mastro's Ocean Club at Scottsdale is just fabulous.  Can't ask for anything else...  Starting from server, food and atmosphere.  This was 2nd time coming in from out of town... Will come back again definitely...
5	In town for a convention and went to dinner with a group of 18.  Sat in a private section, had incredible service and an amazing meal from the drinks, apps, to the main course.  Plus the live music was right on with our group.  Great time!
2	I wanted to love this place because I really loved the vibe when I walked in. Busy social good music and upbeat.Had the food not been a trio us we would be back every weekend. Our steaks were burnt the potatoes were way too strong. I'm not sure how a steak house burns a steak but it was nearly inedible.  Had we not been with friends and on our best behavior we would have sent it all back but due to it being my birthday and my friends we tried eat what we could (the middle of the steak) I'm so dissappointed. I was expecting Ruth ' s Chris taste with a club atmosphere. If I ever go back it won't be for the food
5	Great place for excellent steaks and seafood. Similar to Capital Grille Flemings or Ruth Chris. Excellent quality food service drinks and atmosphere. Can't go wrong.
3	Ah, Mastro's Ocean Club, where the entrees are delicious and the overbearing service is intrusive enough to be highly amusing. We had about four different wait staff serving our table of two with an additional three to four auxiliary members wiping away crumbs (onto the floor and therefore onto my feet), offering white or black napkins, freshening bread baskets, quizzing us about wine selections, asking about every bite of the meal, etc. I've been to some astounding and amazing restaurants the world over, and personally I prefer attentive service that is seamless and not disruptive to the meal in any way. Though polite and attentive, Mastro's was just too much effort and not a lot of panache. I felt like we were being constantly interrupted in the midst of what was otherwise a very romantic date night out on the town. My partner and I had the calamari, lobster bisque, chopped salad, filet mignon, salmon, a side of green beans and almonds, a side of scalloped potatoes, mixed beverages, wine and chocolate cake for dessert, so we sampled quite a lot. And, by a lot, I mean we had epic amounts of food remaining to take home. The entrees were amazing and the steak was one of the best I've had as it was seared on the outside and perfectly cooked inside. The chopped salad was over dressed and the bisque was pretty tasty. (What can I say? I lived in Boston for a long time...I'm a lobster bisque snob.) The sad part of the evening was when we got home with our food to go to find that only the cake and beans had made it home with us, delicious leftover steak and potatoes finding a home someplace else. So, good food, excellent steak and seafood, skip the appetizers, order something besides the chocolate cake, and make you sure check your leftovers before you head home dreaming of scalloped potatoes for breakfast.
5	Great live music and atmosphere near the bar. The menu is almost exactly like City Hall and the service is just as spectacular. The food is pricey, but completely worth it. The one thing Ocean Club has over City Hall is the band. They sound WONDERFUL and the atmosphere is hopping. If you want a fabulous meal and great entertainment,  this is the spot for you.
5	This place is always great and always consistent. Great food and never disappointing. I make it a point to order everything with minimal to no butter and they are always accommodating. Make your reservations early. It is always busy there.
5	Went here again Sunday night with my boyfriend and as always, it was delicious.I decided to leave an updated review because we order a seafood tower this time. We ordered Pacific Coast oysters on half shell, seared ahi tuna, jumbo tiger shrimp, the swordfish and scallops. The fish was cooked perfectly; it pretty much melts in your mouth. The sauce the scallop entree is cooked in is delicious. Oysters were good. Shrimp was HUGE. And the sauce the seared tuna came in was to-die-for. All the above was phenomenal. We racked up a pretty high tab including wine and whiskey but every penny was worth it.Again, I didn't get to the dessert because I was stuffed but one day I will!
4	This restaurant has the best service of any restaurant in Phoenix. But for a place where you can easily spend $500 or more for a dinner for two it better have great service!The calamari, caesar salad and steak options are all great. And theres enough space between the tables that its fairly quiet and you can have a conversation with others at your table.The atmosphere is uptight and pretentious so you better drive your brand new $150,000 car here or you're going to feel poor and out of place.
5	I had a great dinner.  Had a filet on bone and lobster mashed potatoes. If you are here in Scottsdale, make sure you go early!
5	Before I write a review on the food, I need to give a big shoutout to Patrick Donahue, our waiter and his wait staff. Patrick and his team provided excellent service to our table!I came to Mastro's with 14 clients and everyone was raving about the service and the food. Patrick gave us excellent descriptions on all the different kinds of shell fish available. He knew what oysters were  more mild than others, where they came from, and he did a great job putting 4 different seafood towers together. I highly recommend the seafood tower if you like shell fish - everything tasted so fresh!I had the Chilean Sea Bass, and it was the best piece of fish I've ever had! Growing up in New England my whole life, I've had some really good seafood but nothing as good as this Chilean Sea Bass (blackened). Everyone else either had the Chilean Sea Bass or some kind of Steak. Everyone loved their food and said the steaks were cooked to perfection.  Dining at Masteo's is more than just dinner, it's an experience you won't forget!I also have to give a shoutout to Tanya, the  event planner. Tanya did an excellent job coordinating our reservations and preparing us for the evening.Thank you to everyone at Mastro's!- Kevin
5	My boyfriend and I had a reservation here Sunday night with a few of our out of town friends. This was my first time at Ocean Club seeing as we normally go to City Hall behind Fashion Square. Let me tell you, Ocean Club lived up to the Mastros name! All four of us ordered steaks and they all were cooked to perfection. The mac n cheese (a favorite of mine) and the asparagus were the perfect sides and of course, how could I have forgotten the pretzel bread to start (delish!) I just have one minor complaint. I always order the petite filet and, in the past, it was always an 8 oz for $40. However, I guess Mastros just started selling the petite filet in a 6oz (trust me, the 2 extra oz make a huge difference when it comes to filling up your stomach). You can order the 8oz for, I dont know, I think $10+ -, which is the smallest complaint. But I mean, I'm already paying $40 ... why should I have to pay an extra $10 for what I normally always get?? Anywho... we all thoroughly enjoyed our meal and will be back without question.
4	I usually go to City Hall but wanted to try Ocean Club. The food and service was outstanding as expected from a Mastro's restaurant. My guests also enjoyed their dinners and dessert (can't forget the warm butter cake- if only for the fresh whipped cream!) The food was cooked perfectly, the dishes came out together and everything was enjoyable. Love the lobster mashed potatoes.Great location but a little harder to park- Valet, it is easier.
2	Singlehandedly, the most overpriced priced place in Scottsdale. Yes, the food is good; yes the service is good, yes it is lovely inside. but I am not in NYC. The prices are just ridiculous and for that reason alone, I won't go back. It is not some over the top  experience It is just a normal nice restaurant. If someone else is paying, go for it. The drinks are crazy $ in the bar, too. but it is packed, and they must be doing something right. They have a super good band there with this really pretty, talented lady singing. the bar has a great vibe and looks like a great pick up place for the well heeled types.
4	Ok it's seriously expensive for steaks and veggies covered with butter and salt.     But let's get serious, people go here for the SCENE.     Weekends have many good looking people, though it can be a wait to sit.     It's usually at least half cougars but half 30s age group.     The bartenders and wait staff are very good, which makes you feel better about spending 200 a person for a night of dinner and drinks.   Maybe Jess if you drink less.      Decor is nice, and the live music is usually good.    Scottsdale is short on high style places so these guys are a rarity, but you pay for it.
4	Place was amazing! How can you go wrong with Mastros! The only difference here is that their is a lot more seafood on the menu. Great service, great environment, come early and have a drink at the awesome bar/lounge/piano lounge. Seafood tower was amazing, butter cake was amazing as usual, service was not as good as Chicago but it was still good for Arizona. Place was packed with a lot of older people, and football players that I had no idea what team they played for. Great date spot, or even just for a fancy cocktail or glass of wine. We have a great time, myBoyfriend loves Mastros
5	This restaurant is about as first class as it gets.  The food and service were just spectacular and the ambiance quite romantic.  It's a very good place for a nice dinner for two with your spouse more than anything, although I saw all kinds of people there. The menu is a bit pricey and everything is a la carte, so be prepared for a big check.  I loved the whiskey menu, quite extensive.
4	Very nice good food good service
5	Wow!!  Ashley and Mario were the best!!  They took very good care of us on my wife's birthday. It was a great evening!!  Not for those who are not up for spending a ridiculous amount of money for one meal. ... but Ashley and Mario made it worth it.
4	Other than our waiter, Duke, nothing was spectacular. Don't get me wrong...the food is very good, but not amazing. If you are into people watching this is your place!
4	Food is great, service was amazing , but very very expensive. Not that the cost takes away from the meal as the food and service pretty much made up for the price .  The bar scene was pretty comical and trying hard to be a mini Vegas but everyone was having a good time that wanted to be there .
5	No complaints. Great place
5	I frequent the Ocean Club a lot.  The food AND management is the best and exactly what I would expect at a high-class venue as Ocean Club is.  The bar staff (my favorite is Cindy) is extremely professional and Nick (the GM) is one of the best I've seen at any restaurant.
5	......... I'm speechless... This place is fabulous! I ordered the New York Strip, and they did not disappoint. It was so tender... Usually just the filets are like butter, but believe me, my New York was like cool whip. The staff were fantastic, I believe our waiters name was Patrick... He was so kind and helpful, shoutout to him. We got a few sides and appetizers... We got escargot which was surprisingly good in its garlicky sauce, but I recommend eating with the pastry it comes with. We also ordered the vanilla shrimp which was so plump and fresh and probably some of the best shrimp I've ever had. Our waiter, Patrick, recommended the lobster mashed potatoes, boy was his recommendation on point, it was simply divine. And of course you have to have a green vegetable, so you just couldn't go wrong with steamed broccoli. Then after leisurely eating the main course for about 45 minutes, it was time for dessert... Their specialty is the warm butter cake, which we sadly did not get to experience, instead we devoured the chocolate sin cake. The chocolate was so rich and pure and topped with house made whipped cream and garnished with a mint leaf, but you simply couldn't go wrong with any dessert on the menu. Sadly you can't keep eating all night, it was time to go home with a big doggy bag. Until the next time, I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
5	Best weekend bar around
5	Love this place!! Loving the new entertainment  and service by staff! Great time on New Years Eve with the famous Butter Cake for dessert! Oh Yum!! Highly recommend for dinner, cocktails and entertainment!!
5	I wanted to give a shout out to the management and staff at the Ocean Club in Scottsdale.  On New Years Eve, we were on our way for our reservation there when we had a flat tire about a mile from the restaurant.  We were already running late, but we called The Ocean Club to tell them what happened, and they said no problem they would hold the reservation.  We ended up calling a taxi, had a delicious meal, and then returned to our car and called AAA.  We were about 35 minutes late for reservation but Ocean Club held it all that time, even tho it was probably the busiest night of the year.  They took the stress out of a very stressful event.  Thank you Ocean Club
