3	In the young, naive days before I discovered the joy of gyros, this place was just a late night grub and Greek mafia money laundering joint. Rooftop patio which was cool (but not in the winter when it would have been *very* cool).
4	Repeat after me:  when I am drunk and staggering, there is NOTHING better than a Gyro and fries.  And, unless you're a dolt, you just order WATER, you hear me!  Its messy, delicious and now even meets most health codes...but it lost a lot of character when they remodeled.  But even though there's enough plastic for a couple of McDonald's here, it still retains its essential Greekiness...even though the staff is now nearly completely Latino!!  Still have lots of Catsup with your fries, let the sauce run over your fingers and eat ALL those onions, you're not going to be kissing anyone this morning anyhow!
4	Yum! Love the greek salads and the rooftop patio.  As mentioned, they are open late, which is convenient when you aren't in the mood for a burrito or pizza.  Supposedly a friend of a friend of a friend found a chunk of metal in their Euro, but that has the makings of an urban legend, so who knows?  This place has been a favorite for fast food since high school.  4 stars.
3	Its open late and always hits the spot.  Fries in a paper bag and gyron to go with lots of white sauce on the side.  I've eaten here when not totally drunk and the food is good.  The greek salad and gyros are always a safe bet.
4	The Gyro's are pretty good here, but the one thing that I really love are the french fries!  Those fries taste like the type of fries that you have at one of those BBQ places.  They are nice and thick and have that crispy texture to them that really makes you want to ask for a side of Ranch dressing, but I wasn't daring enough to ask for ranch dressing at a Greek restaurant.
5	My mom used to take me here when I was just a little guy.  I barely even remembered it (I remember getting gyros from time to time), and then I was home in Wisconsin visiting this past Christmastime and we went to the Parthenon.  I instantly remembered it and the awesome gyros.  Their fries are also really awesome.So, needless to say, I plan on going back to the Parthenon pretty much every time I'm in Madison ever again.
5	Freaking amazing greasy gyros.  I headed in here with my Mom and my Aunt.  My Mom's been going there for years (maybe even since she was going to UW in the 60s?) and it's the place to hit for a drippy, messy gyro.
5	It's been a long time since I went there, but I give it five stars: I met Emo Phillips there, and they always let me use their bathroom. Plus the gyros are delicious and the fries are the best late night fries I've ever had.
5	Seriously good gyros for super cheap and the fries are also excellent.  This was one of the better post-drinking meals I've had in a long time.  It's also pretty sweet that they sell beer here as well.
5	Gyros and fries are wonderful, non-Taco Bell / Pizza alternative to fatty, but tasty guilty pleasures. Parthenon engages customers with solid service and better than average customary dishes for fast Greek. Check out when you wish not to count calories.
5	I've had gyros far & wide and none compare to Parthenon's - None.
5	Wow!  Best gyros I have ever had, I think.  The fries were also awesome..perfectly crispy, and freshly made.  Employees very friendly.  Prices were decent.  I would definitely go back, and would recommend it.  Everything was perfect about our meal!
3	Good gyros, but it is a gyro...Not really all that hard to do well and I have definitely had better. Having Greek MTV on is definitely a nice touch though. But I gotta say I never liked the attitude of the guys working there. Maybe they were just hardened from years of dealing with drunk fratboys at 3 in the morning and the State St. bums all day.
4	Oh Parthenon, how I miss thee.... I moved from the Madison area quite some time ago now, but the Parthenon was one of the best spots in Madison. My cholesterol levels are much better for having had to give it up, but I often remember the grease soaked fries with much fondness. The quality and spice of the gyro meat was unbeatable in Madtown. The pita was nice and sturdy yet delicious, so it could actually take some abuse yet still be tasty.And, of course, what with it being in Madison, it is one of the best places to go when you've had way too much to drink. ;)
5	Some of the best gyros I have tasted, at least here in America. When ever I visit Madison, this is one the places I must eat at. This place is perfect to line your tummy after a night of drinking.This place hits the spot and can be a very fun place too.
4	This is a great place to stumble into after bar time for some greasy grub. Of course, it's not the greatest Greek ethnic restaurant I've ever been to... so far, nothing compares to any restaurant in the "Greek Town" area of Detroit. But I digress.The Parthenon isn't trying to compete on that level, so it's not fair to hold them to that standard. This is a greasy spoon that caters to drunk college students... and it does that well. Very well.Order yourself a gyro, and make sure to get an order of fries... If not for yourself, at least to share. They are amazing.
3	Small menu: gyros and french fries- but if you're in the mood for an awesome gyro, bursting with meat and dripping with juice, and thick delicious french fries, then this is the place to go for lunch, dinner, or late night food. atmosphere is like a fast food restaurant, as is the service, but that just means you get to eat your food faster and it doesn't matter if there is a line out the door after bartime.
4	This is the place for gyros in Madison!  Right on state street, and up top they have outdoor seating.  One of the fantastic places for a late night meal on a beautiful summer Madison evening.
4	Great food! Cheesy decor.But lots of tables to choose from.Fast service.But not so friendly employees.Just let the gyros take you awayyyyyyyyy!
4	Very important restaurant for students, inexpensive tasty food until 3am. I had gyros, meat was cooked well and the tzatziki sauce was scrumptious. Service is at the counter, quick and friendly.
3	The food is definitely better than the service.  Fries are the best, gyros come with a healthy topping of onions and tomatoes.  Its good if you want greek quick and dirty.
4	UUUMMMM!!!  That one word sums it up.  I don't live downtown anymore, but this is still my treat place.  Best gyros, good fries & even better: GREAT hours.  The trick is to go at bar time, the meat is the freshest:-)
4	First of all, screw the entrees, the fries are TO DIE FOR. For crispy fries, can't think of a better place on State Street.Best enjoyed while hammered... the Greek music videos are an interesting touch.I heard stories about how, years ago, in place of Pizza di Roma, another gyros shop competed with Parthenon, and they used to sharpen their knives in the windows, either threatening each other or trying to draw more customers. Sadly not the case anymore, would be much more entertaining if so.For a student, within reason but a *bit* pricy, especially if one already spent money out.
5	Parthenon Gyros are the best!  Nothing is better late at night or even just having a sober meal with freinds than a Gyro - Fry- Pepsi!  If you have had Gyros before and never had Parthenon...then you have not had a real Gyro!During the warm months enjoy the roof garden!
4	I came in for a gyro meal. It was a tad pricey: $9.75 for a gyro, fries and pop. But hey, the value's pretty good. It was served to me quite quickly, nice and hot. The gyro was sizeable and delicious, and the fries were crispy. The atmosphere is nothing special; your typical Greek fast food joint. I would eat here again, if my wallet were up for it.
3	I've been coming here since I was a little kid and love it. I only gave it 3 stars because I feel the quality of the food isn't as good as it used it be. For one thing the pita bread itself is smaller. The lamb and fries are hit and miss but when you get a crazing for a gyro this is your place.
2	Quick food.  Not surprisingly it tastes like a chain
4	The chicken caesar sandwich was very good! This is about as tasty as a gyros place can be.
1	One of the greatest misfortunes to fall on those visiting Madison is visiting Parthenon hoping to find a gyro with heaping lamb accompanied by tangy cucumber sauce. Instead of that delicious treat, tourists will find outrageously high prices accompanied by lackluster imitation Greek food. A side of cheese dip for fries will cost 1.25 and it will lead the customer to ask themselves, " Is this melted plastic?" The setting and decor feels like a Greek McDonald's leaving you to sulk about the rip off you have just endured in truly desolate surroundings. Please treat yourself to the Gyro House out on E Washington for the best Gyro's in town, no one deserves this faux ethnic experience.
1	I was new to the area and was hoping that this place would offer soemwhat good greek gyros. This place sucks, I would never go back. Their gyros were disgusting, I don't even want to know what the gyro meat was made from, it looked like a cardboard composite. I'm sure it's wonderful for drunk college kids, but not for anyone sober. No thanks. Besides, these are all made by persons whom definately aren't  even somewhat greek at all.
4	Good gyro and good fries.  Sit on the roof.
2	As the night was winding down on State Street, we started looking for some food options. Since we had already given Ian's a whirl the night before, we thought we'd look for something else. The long line outside of Parthenon Gyros was an immediate recommendation, and late night gyros, kefta, and kebabs are a treasured institution the world over.After waiting almost an hour, we entered what struck me, as I see it did other reviewers, as basically a Greek McDonald's. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing - hey, I'm all for a speedy late night gyro. And with the lamb and beef glistening on the spit, my Greek pants were getting excited. But in sum total, the experience was a let down. The gyro meat wasn't tossed on a griddle or anything before being served, so it didn't get that crispy char at the edges. The tomatoes and onions in the pita were freezing cold, which translated into nearly cold gyro meat along with the cold tzatziki, which combined into a rather off-putting meal. The plate was served up quick once we got to the counter, but in this case, haste made waste.The only redeeming factor is that the fries were actually quite good. Crispy and flavorful, and if you get a piping hot batch, they are delicious with a side of feta cheese dumped and slightly melted on top, which you can purchase for about 75 cents.I was so hoping this late night gyro would be fantastic. But alas, we should have just gone back to Ian's.
2	This is a fast food joint with the prices of a full service restaurant.The food (gyro meal) is ok but not great, the atmosphere is ok, the prices are outrageous ($10 for lunch gyro sandwich, fries and soda).If you are desperate for a gyro and no other options then this place is fine.
3	The gyros I have eaten on many a drunken night here really remind me of the gyros I have eaten on many a drunken night in Chicago. And so does the seedy, butt-ugly atmosphere of this place. But if eating some of the best gyros ever in Chicago has taught me one thing, it's not to judge a gyro place by its cover. Parthenon Gyros is no dirtier than the kitchen located right next to the counter, in true big-city style. The fries are usually cooked and seasoned very well, and they don't do a bad job with things like the spanakopita either. I love the tzatziki sauce; you get a good 50/50 mix of yogurt and mint in the aftertaste. Like every other topping, including the gyro meat, it is generously piled on top of the bread (another one of their most outstanding ingredients).Parthenon is very fast-foody, but I don't know a good gyro place that isn't. So if you want to escape the dining room that looks like a bathroom, go to the rooftop tables. You can watch State Street go by while you eat one of the best gyros in Madison.Oh, and they serve beer.
1	I think I contracted a disease by simply walking in here; no amount of alcohol could cover how dirty this place is or make me want to try the food.
5	Iconic Madison gyro joint. Best in the USA , possibly the world. Parthenon gyro will kick butt of any other gyro. Superbly delicious any time during the day and after the night out !
4	Excellent gyros and the tastiest fries I've had in a long time.  I have never had a gyro before I came here.  I'm 32....The smell once you step inside is amazing.  For $10, you get a giant gyro, fries and a soda.  This is a pretty good deal.  I can't give it 4.5 stars, but I would because a better price would be $8 for everything above.  That being said, it is excellent food for $10.  The french fries are the most amazing that I've had in about a year.  They are delicious and very crispy, just the way they should be.
4	Awesome.  Just awesome.  The gyro meat is made the way it should be and shaved off when you order.  Its a messy, greasy bundle of deliciousness.  And the fries are good too.
4	I eat here whenever I'm in Madtown, and it rocks my world every time.  It's true that the decor makes it look like a weird Greek fast food joint, and there are always groups of rowdy UW kids scarfing some spanakopitas, but this place is a Madison institution for a reason.  The gyros are awesome and the fries are great - especially when dipped in the tzatziki sauce.  Don't be a snob about it, just have a few spotted cows and dig in.
1	The worst gyro we ever had. Bad service. Very dirty place. Gross bathrooms. Use to be a good place before, not anymore. Stay away...
1	I've eaten good gyros, so-so gyros, bad gyros and this trash.Meat is burnt and salty. I doubt is actual meat. Onions smell too much and its impossible to eat the thing with your hands because of the size of the serving basket.
5	Absolutely the best gyros I've ever had.  We live on the west side of Madison and whenever we find ourselves in the State Street area, we almost always eat here.  Keep up the good work Parthenon.  Always get mine with just the sauce.  Delicious.
4	The fries were out of this world delicious. The Gyro was covered in that sauce but it was way delicious regardless. Really good drinking food I think! We stopped here on our way wandering state street and it was really worth it.
5	For Madison Standards this place is good with reasonable prices and very friendly service.
1	Ick.  Have you people ever tasted a gyro before?  This one was so salty I could barely get it down.  I find it interesting that the reviews are so split on this place-I'm guessing that most of the four and five stars hit up this joint post drinking on State street.  I went in hoping for a quick and delicious Greek meal before I had to make my way to the airport but was sorely disappointed when I received my sandwich.  The pita was yummy, but it was filled with dry, overly salty meat of questionable origin, too many onions, and a pile of sauce.  If I lived in Wisconsin, you couldn't pay me to go back. In fact, if you paid for my travel to Wisconsin and for my lunch, I wouldn't go back.
5	If you're on state and ur drunk then you need this five stars
2	I'm basing this review solely on the gyro itself. I may be a bad person to ask, and a little biased, but I think Parthenon had one of the worst gyros I've had in the Madison area. I really like the ambience and decor of Parthenon, but the food is lackluster. I grew up in a Greek household, surrounded by a larger Greek community, and from those experiences, I feel like the lamb meat leaves a lot left to be desired. The pitas they use are pretty dry, and the tzatziki sauce doesn't have the flavor I'm used to. I realize that I'm being completely pretentious in this review, but I walked away from my Parthenon experience less than impressed.
4	I've been here too many times to count, and have neve Thad a bad experience. Heck, one time I went to Parthenon at 3:05 am, just when they were locking the door and turning off the open sign, and they still let me in to snatch up some amazing post bar food.The gyros themselves are the best in Madison, in my opinion at least. I've been to a few other places and always wished I had just gone to Parthenon instead. The prices are a wee steep, but it's well worth the money in my opinion. After a night of drinking there's never anything I want more.All in all, I'm a big fan.
2	The food is alright. The gyros were honestly pretty disappointing-- I had heard that they were the best in Madison, and I hope that they aren't. The atmosphere is pretty dumpy as well... Overall, nothing I'm very excited to try again. I wish I could recommend a better gyro place!
3	Parthenon is great and definitely the best Gyros in Madison. You're gonna pay about $10 for a gyro with fries and a soda. My family and I came here a lot in college and would order a basket of fries (or two depending on how hungry we are) to share between the four of us. They also put a lot of onions on the gyro so be prepared to pick some off or ask for one without onions. Even my mom, who loves onions, has to take some off sometimes.
5	AWESOME!!!!!  WYSSTIWYG!!!!!   Awesome!!!  Even the FFs are great!  Goin' back soon!
3	When I crave gyros, Parthenon Gyros is my homeboy. This place is affordable and fast and also has plenty of seating. I almost always go here for gyros, which is large and satisfying. I've also had the Hercules plate (which is a Greek meat fest) and the spinach pie, which is pretty good as well. My only complaint is that they seriously need to change the channels on the TVs. They only show documentaries of Greece.
5	consistent for the 20 years I have been eating here. I ALWAYS stop in when I am in town
4	Since I'm a newer Madison resident, I'm not sure how much better this State Street gyro spot was in the good old days. However, I've become quite hooked. This is a late night gyro joint and not fine Mediterranean dining. The regular gyro is okay (and the Hercules plate is quite the haul), but what I always get now is the Chick-n-Bob, or chicken kebab with fries. The chicken is seasoned, grilled, and served on skewers in a big warm pita with delicious, tangy tzatziki sauce, tomatoes, and onions. It's filling and lovely. And the fries are incredibly good. Crispy on the outside and softer on the inside (except for the super crunchy fries on the bottom of the basket; there are always some). Have yet to sample the baklava.Service is friendly and down-to-earth. The interior is pretty fast food-like, but I like the rooftop garden in the warm months. There's always Greek music videos playing and there's ouzo, too.Admittedly, paying $9.25 for a chicken kebab and fries feels a little steep. It would also be nice to have more specials/deals on food now and then.
1	I arrived outside of prime dinner hours and the staff seemed almost annoyed I had come in and disturbed their conversation.  When served, my gyro was cold and the fries tasted reheated.  The table that I sat at was also very sticky and the dining room overall just looked dirty and dark.
3	Normally great Gyros. It might have been the fact we ate there early in the day. Gluten free only is with no Pita. Fries are breaded.
2	Best cold gyro I ever had.  Unfortunately, I wanted a hot one, full of succulent juicy meats.Service was fine, lunch rush was over.  I ordered two gyros and a large soda.  I nearly fell over when they said that was going to set me back $16.  Seems a bit pricey to me, but I needed my gyro fix.  At first I thought it was the ice cold tomoatoes that were making the whole thing seem cold, so I took them all off; unfortunately, it didn't help.  The meat wasn't fresh from the spit; it was taken from a tray on the prep area, but since they were slicing meat when I came in I thought it would be OK.  The meat was tasty enough and so was the tatziki, but the whole thing being completely cold really ruined it for me.
5	Seriously this place has the best gyro in town. I have tried many Greek restaurants and they may not have a complex flavor but the ingredients are fresh and the flavor is spot on. It's very simple and simple is delicious.
4	perfect late night after-bar food. I crave it fortnightly! Smokin hot gyro == $7Onion breath == free.
4	We had our order to go.  Service was fast and food was hot.   The gyros were stuffed full of meat.  The topper was the FRESH tomatoes.  Not used at other gyro places in town.  Make this a stop on your next trip to State St.
3	When I was in school at UW, we LOVED Parthenon gyros, going occasionally for lunch. The meat was always hot, juicy, and seemed fresh.  Their fries always seemed hot and fresh as well.  We went there last night for dinner after a long hiatus.  The service was very quick and we loved the outdoor seating area.  The fries seemed different than I remembered, but still very good.  The gyros had the same ingredients I remember, but the meat was not very hot or juicy, and seemed thinner than I remember.  Of course maybe my memory sucks :)  Just overall not as good as when I was in college.  I would still go back and try again though, as maybe it was just a fluke.
4	Messy and delicious.. slightly pricey, but well worth it. Fantastic Gyros..Pork souvlaki, which is new to me.. i'm certainly used to the standard beef/chicken lineup. But the Pork was tasty and well cooked.. They at times go a little heavy on the onions, but if that's not your thing, pick them off and go for it.
3	Excellent food best gyro in town! The gyro platter is fantastic as well. The guy that takes the order is a so rude.  He makes me think twice about sating there. The restaurant itself is dirty and the seating really needs to be updated.
4	Gyro was excellant, fries are the best.  Really liked eating outside
4	Their gyros are very pricey but the reason I give them 4 stars is because their staff is incredibly friendly and I loooooove their french fries.  I rarely got a gyro but I've been known to stop in a few times a month for an order of their french fries alone, the best I've had anywhere.
4	I always have to hit this place when on State St.  Great Gyros and fresh cut fries!! I love sitting on the rooftop.
5	My go-to late night place.When I first was taken here by the boyfriend (a Madison native), I was very hesitant. The inside is nothing special and reminds me of a hospital. You order at the counter and then go sit down. Their service is FAST. I come here regularly now. Great for lunch, dinner, and late night. They do not deliver (the only con), but it is worth coming to. I have never sat on the upstairs patio, but we often sit on the State Street patio in the summertime. These gyros are amazing. Soft, messy, and the sauce is unbelievable. I always can finish mine, even if I am totally full. These gyros are melt-in-your-mouth good. When coming home from the bars we usually get an order of cheese fries, which are gooey and hot and delicious. The nacho cheese is plentiful. I would recommend them.I am originally from the Milwaukee area, and everyone there knows OG. These are better than OG. Seriously.
1	Parthenon was recommended to me by a friend, so I decided to finally check it out. But despite the praise for their gyros, I was completely disappointed by the food here.In fact it was practically inedible. I took maybe two or three bites before I had to quit and throw it away. I went with the classic gyro that's served with tomatoes and onions and lettuce, with sauce on the side, and it was the most disgusting thing I've eaten, probably ever. I don't know what was up, but the meat tasted like it had been soaking in Clorox or something of the sort...Given that this place is open till 3am every night, Parthenon certainly caters to people that have been out drinking all night, those who consequently don't notice the fact that what they're eating tastes like bleach. Super eww.Never again.
3	I stopped by this place when I was strolling around state street cause I was really itching to have a gyro.The gyro was good, not bad, but not amazing either. I was a little surprised by the price, 7 dollars for just the gyro, and then 10 for a meal which seemed just a tad pricey for me. Pros: Super fast, convenient location, pretty tasty gyro, plenty of seating.Cons: A little pricey.
2	This is where you go when you are drunk.  That is it.  You forget that your meal should taste better and be better priced.The gyro meat is good but the prices are astronomical for a gyro.  The fries are crinkle cut right out of the bag.  They are completely tasteless.  In addition, the sauce is really tart.  Tzatziki sauce should have a creamy taste to compliment the gyro.  The sauce is so pungent that it ruins the flavor of the gyro.  The people are nice, the service is quick and the outdoor patio is gorgeous.  Otherwise, skip it.
1	Stopped by with college friends visiting Madison who insisted on stopping here as a tribute to the 'good old days.'  Already not a huge fan I went along with it, not expecting anything too great.  I was right.  Rude staff, dungeon-like seating areas with horrible lighting and cheesy commercials about Greece playing.  DIRTY floors and tables.  The group consensus after getting our food?  "What the hell were we thinking?!? Either we had no taste in our college days, or the Parthenon has gone seriously down hill."  Overly salty meat, dry and stale pitas, with mushy onions and tomatoes.  Gross.
4	This is basically a fast-food place to get your Gyros. But they are delicious and huge and the fries are great too. They have indoor and outdoor seating. It is not the most modern, up-to-date establishment but the food is good. When the weather is nice we enjoy taking our food and eating upstairs in their out door seating area.
5	Amazing food!! I normally don't enjoy eating gyros but something about this place makes it special. The atmosphere is amazing and the employees are all very friendly!! They're open late which is amazing. I highly recommend eating here!!
2	went to have gyro as I have never had it before. It is okay I would say. But expected a little more. Customer service is also not the best. Overall I don't think I would go there anytime in future. Also I think it is a bit pricey for the food I get.
5	The undisputed champion Gyro of the world.Gyro cones made on site Wednesday evenings with the best spices and meats around.
5	Awesome gyros. World class fries.
5	Hands down the best place to get gyros in wisconsin or northern Illinois. This place has a cult following and for good reason- food is amazing, large portions, decent prices, right on state street, outside, inside and roof top seating, one of the last family run places on state street, and you can always tell that the employees love working there. I just plain love it. Nothing compares... this is also a childhood favorite of mine.
4	So I've been going to The Parthenon for nearly 2 decades and it was always really great but the last couple times I've gone the meat tasted different...like not as good. I don't know if they've changed vendors or what but something is definitely not quite right. Previously I would have give the Parthenon 5 stars but now it's closer to 3.5/4 stars.I dont like potatoes but my husband loves the fries. I have also tried the baklava, souvlaki and chicken kabobs. The baklava was delicious, the souvlaki was good and the kabobs were just ok. There is outdoor seating in front and on the upper terrace with is wonderful!
3	I've walked by Parthenon many times and finally decided to get lunch today. Being the big eater that I am, and since I was taking it to go I ordered a regular gyro and a Hercules plate. Gyro:It was good. Just good. Like a cross between this is something I would eat again and this would be amazing if it were 2am after a few shots. The meat wasn't dry and the pita was fresh. The sauce was a little bland. For the price I kind of wanted something tastier. Hercules Plate:For $12 you expect a lot of food and they did not disappoint on that. Gyro meat, a chicken kabob (dry) a  beef kabob (not dry) tomatoes, onion and fries. It also comes with a pita bread  It was ok, again nothing that blew me away. For $12 the portion of food was around the right price.
