4	Penn Station is part of a chain that has arrived in Pittsburgh.  I think its pretty similar to a Quiznos but with different sandwiches.  I eat here for lunch every now and then and their subs are very tasty. I usually get the artichoke and it is just delicious.  They make their own fresh cut fries and that is the icing on the cake, they are fresh, greasy and salty (which is in my book what fries should be).  Sometimes you'll even get a taste of their homemade cookies with giant chocolate chips.  However they make their subs it seems like all of them have added grease in them, which is not really what I am always looking for.  You can customize your sandwich when you order it, and it is printed on the ticket they use to construct your sandwich.  Unfortunately, 9 times out of 10, they don't look at the slip, and my order is wrong, and I have to take it back to the counter for a modification.  There are also some decent coupons for this place, but it is like pulling teeth to get either the person placing the order in the computer, or the person who actually checks you out to get the deal.  I always have to involve management if I bring a coupon.  Hassles aside, the food itself is great if you're in the mood for a heavy sandwich and fries.
5	Great subs! Comparable to Quizno's. The prices are good for the amount of food you get. Their fries are great! I always get the cheese steak with sausage added. The lemon aid is good too!
3	Penn Station isn't bad but not exactly a place I would try again. The subs were decent, probably better than subway but nowhere near as good as quizno's. Quizno's simply uses better ingredients, has subs that seemed to be crafted by a chef, so all of the flavors compliment each other while Penn Stations subs seem  more haphazardly thrown together and then toasted. Their fries are fresh, blanched first and then finished the second time in oil and as another reviewer put are greasy but good. Overall their food is adequate, with a slightly higher prices like Quizno's but without the high quality and taste of a Quizno's.
5	I've passed this place several times and have been meaning to go in and check it out.. Didn't get the chance to, until an out of town friend came to visit and we were looking for a local place to grab a quick lunch. The service was great - very friendly staff, and the food was excellent as well - I got the 10" chicken cordon bleu sandwich, my friend got the 10" reuben, and we got a medium fry to split. After half a sandwich, we were both full, and wrapped our sandwiches to go. Later in the day we pulled them out of the fridge and stuck them in the oven to warm up for another meal - they were so good, possibly even better than the first halves. I would definitely recommend this place for a delicious sandwich.
4	Here are the upsides to this sub joint.  One, there is a nice variety of sub offerings, all of which are made to order and can be customized.  I had the standard cheesesteak, which really surprised me (in a good way).  And we also ordered the club.  Even better, they have a few vegetarian offerings.  Okay, there's only two (artichoke and grilled veggies) but that is two more options than most other places.Second, there are multiple size offerings, starting at 4 inches (for around $4.69).  I know, I know, size matters.  Sometimes, however, you don't want to order a gut-buster, and it's nice to have these options.Lastly, the fries are freshly cut and very tasty.Everyone wants to compare Penn Station to Quizno's.  Well, I've never been a huge fan of Quizno's.  I am a big fan of this place, though, and look forward to eating here again.  That'll probably be with my next oil change @ Pep Boys.
3	Is it weird I'm not really a sub/sandwich kinda girl?  I think it just ends up being way too much bread and not enough ingredients.  So I'm always hesitant to try these kinds of places.  This was a sort of "out of desperation, I can't find anywhere else to eat that's really fast in the neighborhood" kind of sitch.  Glad to have find this nice alternative.If you know me, you know I hate Subway.  The smell, the stale ingredients, the horrible time of my life were I ate it for like a year or two straight (because of working at the Starbucks across from it).  YUCK!  So I'm ultra picky when it comes to sub shops.  This place really seems to have fresh ingrediants and a nice selection of subs.I ordered the Italian sub toasted  The bread was delicious and also an Italian type.  Although I do love Italian bread, I do wish they had a wheat option, so I could feel a tad better about the amount of mayo and Italian dressing they put on it...which I loved by the way (I love me some sauces!).  I also wish they had put in a a little bit more meat and veggies.  I was left with about a quarter of the bread empty because I had eaten all the good stuff out of it already!  Still, it filled me up and was pretty tasty, and that makes me a happy camper!It will now be added to the regular rotation of "Fast Food" options in the East End, and I'm A-Okay with that!
3	Dont believe the hype about super fresh and the best ingredients.  they are happy about the fact that they use canned, bagged, and tubbed ingredients.  they are set everywhere so you can see their brand partners. More like a marketing gimick than quality ingredients.  Anyway.They have 2 veggi/vegan options.  An artichoke sub, and what amounts to a salad sub.I have had the salad sub a couple times lately and i have to say it was ok for what it was.  I wasnt blown away though. I asked for every vegetable they had with some seasoning and oil and vinegar.  the veg was average.  the best part was the bread.  warm and toasty on the outside and nice and soft on the inside.  The guys working were all nice and both times they brought out the food to us.  a nice touch.Just another average chain sandwich shop, but I will say its leaps and bounds better than subway.  But also double the price.  About $10 for a large veggie sub.  ouch.  add fries and a drink if you feel hungry and you couldve gone to an actual restaurant, and had a better meal.
3	I love Penn Station, but the service in this location is exceedingly slow.  Use common sense and try to come here during off-peak hours if you're looking to snag a sandwich and be out the door in less than 10 minutes.  Also, good luck trying to find parking.  Otherwise, with regards to the food, it's fantastic.
2	I really wanted to enjoy this place after reading reviews and hearing good things about it from friends...........(yes, there's a but, a big old butt).BUT...When I ordered something went wrong, way wrong.  Either they need to up their medical coverage benefits or hire new, competent staff.  I ordered a Club sub cold (hearing check).  The slip showed what ordered (eye check).  What I got was a toasted sub...ugh, all I wanted was a cold sub.I didn't want a toasted bread, melted cheese or hot meat.  I wanted it nice and cold.  I hate having wilty type of lettuce, tomatoes don't taste the same to me, and when you add the sauce beforehand and heat it up, it doesn't taste the same.I may give this place a second chance, but only after the bad taste is out of my mouth.
2	After two years of hearing people rave about this place, I finally decided to give it a try.  Admittedly, I'm not a sandwich person and try to avoid breads as much as possible, but I still went into it with an open mind.   Unfortunately, it was still a huge disappointment all the way around. I ordered the Italian sub toasted with no mayo.  What I got was the most pathetic looking "sandwich" I have ever seen.  It definitely did NOT look like the picture on the menu!  The meats were sparse, shriveled and overcooked (crunchy) and my sandwich lacked the tomatoes that were promised on the menu.  It was almost comic  just how miserably inadequate the itsy-bitsy pieces of meat looked on the bread.  I actually ended up taking all of the meat and cheese from one side of the bread and putting it all on one half just to make it look like a real sandwich.  The taste was nothing extraordinary and the crunchy pieces of salami and whatever "meat" they put on were definitely not worth it. Ironically, the bread was tasty.My Partner In Cuisines chicken parm. sub was tasty, but still desperately lacking in a good topping vs. bread ratio.People who like fresh cut fries may enjoy the fries at Penn Station, but I wasn't a fan as I prefer the smaller, crunchier shoestring fries.  With those, however, at least I knew what I was getting into. For the money you pay to get a hoagie at Penn Station, you could get a really good sub (or at least a half decent one) at a local pizza place.  I will be doing that from now on and certainly not returning to Penn Station.
4	I don't think I'm crazy.  Most people don't seem to be big fans of Penn Station, but I'm pretty hooked.  I've been here several times the past few months, each time with someone new, and they've all really enjoyed their subs.I almost always go with their cheesesteak (which has various sizes from 6, 8, and 10 inches).  I think it's a very solid and tasty cheesesteak.  Fresh ingredients?  I don't know. Canned? Perhaps.  Franchise-owned?  So what.  It just hits the spot.My friends have tried the Chicken Cordon Blu, and she won't try anything else.  My other has tried the Reuben, and refuses to try another sub.  So I guess you can say they're all pretty happy.  My other friends have all stuck with the cheesesteak.  One even uttered, "Wow, this has to be one of the best cheesesteaks I've had in a long time."And let's be honest, this place isn't on Weight Watchers Top Ten places to eat.  But, since it's next to Supercuts, you can just get a haircut afterwards, and it'll make you look thinner.
3	I had really big dreams for lunch today.... then I went here.Too unkind? Well I realize my dream was really big and thats why I am going with 3 over the 2 star rating only because I had a 2 star floating in my head all day.  My job has me driving all over the county 4 days a week so I thought Oakland, great lunch spots, I'll try some place new. Back to my dream... I was dreaming of a big cheesey ooey gooey onion pepper slathered Philly cheesteak sub with lots of bread maybe a little au jus dripping down the side. Fattening sure  but I would have covered half and saved it for later.I walk in and see the photo menus, using photos is a bad sales idea because the food almost never measures up.However everyone is doing it I get it. One deceiving difference here was the bread. It was sub style large white bread in the photos, ok pretty much what I am used to for "east coast subs" being a ny girl. My dream begins to defer... as I glance at the menu I see no green pepper offered in the photos oh well I can deal with it, then when I order sadly so sauce offered other than mayo (yeck) and mustard so I stick with mustard cry for lost peppers and decide to go with a combo. For a four inch sub and a combo its 8$ after tax. Ok thats fine because remember my dream with the Big thick meaty sub?I sit and wait for my food friendly service, ok price, my belly grumbles. Then I glance down at what the cashier brings me and shed a philly tear for what I see on my plate. It's some sort of deflated philly subway shriveled looking thing. Not much meat or cheese, few veggies and EEK a baguette? The meat was pretty flavorless, cheese just eh, and again can I cry of the lack of veggies?Don't get me wrong Je t'aime the baguette, crispy on the outside soft inside..... with some slabs of brie, cucumber tomato and a drizzle of olive oil and balsamic. Just Not on my philly sandwich. Ya dig? This is where my dream deferred, I'm saving it for Philly or the next time I am back home in ny.The fries were nice fresh but not crispy, but the sandwich was very small not enough to hold me through the day. So if you have any metabolism at all I would order a larger sandwich and skip the combo, better value food for buck. Note to self next time im in this spot I am going to Chipotle, they never let me down for flavor and value.So this place is a chain sandwich shop don't bring your big lunch dreams here save it for someplace else. I do like a few chains but not this one.
3	Really just not that great. It beats subway but I'd rather just go to Quizno's or a local pizza/sub shop
5	This place rocks!  Way Better than Quiznos or Subway!  The chicken teriyaki is great, especially with banana peppers.
4	Excellent Food Great Service!!....
