3	This just opened in the location that was originally Country Harvest Buffet and more recently, an Asian buffet that went under.  I believe this owner also owns the location in Gilbert.  The food is typically the standard Asian/American fare, and the quality and taste in not much different than its competitors.  But it's lunch pricing is pretty good -- $5.99 without the drink which is $1.25.  Nothing to rave about, but I think the food was OK and worth the price.
5	Here's another iteration of the former Hometown Buffet, then Zen Buffet renamed (only) to Jen Buffet, then sold to become City Buffet, & now it has changed hands again to become Yummy Buffet.This has been an excellent place to eat except for it's brief turn as City Buffet when it was down just a little bit, & the Yummy folks, same owners as "Yummy Grill Buffet" also in Chandler, have completely redone the place for their new opening.  The decor is somewhat simple, but much nicer than it was as City, & it's a very comfortable place to eat.  They have added walls to divide the dining area into three rooms so it's not so cavernous, & the food today was excellent!  I was joined by Mike C. & Robyn N. to give it a try, & there were 129 main food items out, including a Mongolian style BBQ, & a good number of tasty, properly presented Sushi treats.The fare here is not unusual, somewhat the same as you expect at a Chinese Buffet this size, but everything was delicious, the right temperature, kept well stocked, & the service was friendly.  It beats their other "Yummy", the pricing is LOW at $5.99/$5.39 Sr., & with no shortcomings I have to say they've earned 5 Stars here!     :-))
4	Another good new Chinese buffet. Not as good as some of the others but not bad. They had a couple of different trays that were good (corn souflee , big crunchy chicken wings and BBQ pork chops ) all of which were real good. The dessert selection was a little weak with mostly canned fruit (nothing fresh accept the watermelon).The service was fast and friendly  and they fixed up the decor so I will give Yummy a solid 4 stars.
3	My wife & I went this buffet restaurant for lunch recently. In our opinion, we sampled many dishes, including the Mongolian Barbecue & also the sushi.  All dishes are average.  The waitress was friendly.
5	I definitely agree that Yummy Buffet is worthy of five stars.  I've certainly eaten at my share of buffets and thoroughly enjoyed my lunch here today!  It is extremely reasonable at $5.99 for lunch ($8.99 @ dinner) and with an additional 10% off coupon, the total was $11.78 for two buffets with no drinks.  The decor is very comfortable, pleasant and it seems extremely clean and well run.  Service is prompt and friendly.  I'm trying to watch what I eat right now, so I avoided many of the traditional entrees (ugh!) but there is certainly a very good variety along with the Mongolian grill.  My attempt at a "healthy" buffet experience included:* Salad bar - romaine tossed w/ a light italian dressing, mushrooms, black olives, cucumber/tomato/red onion salad, fresh oysters* Sauteed green beans (extremely fresh and delicious), sushi (no deep friend rolls), edamame, teriyaki beef on a stick, spring roll (I cheated) *Vanilla frozen yogurt - really yummy....no pun intended :)They also offer "to go" boxes for $5.99 at lunch and $6.99 at dinner...with a coupon it's a flat charge versus how they normally charge by the pound.
2	When I had come here when it was zen buffet I don't remember it being all this bad.There were two things that i cared for one particular sushi that seemed deep fried with a delicious sauce and the Mongolian BBQ although my meat was over cooked today.  It was definitely worth 5.88 using the 10% off coupon. I would not want to pay more than that for their food.  Everything that was sitting out besides the lemons and coconut macaroons tasted weird. The worst was the either the sweet and sour chicken the mustard chicken  i believe or the orange chicken. I just know that all tasted very very strange.
3	I needed a quick lunch yesterday and I was super hungry so I decided to go to eat here by myself.  In summary, it was OK and good, especially for the price.  For seniors, with drink, I paid $7.25 which is very reasonable.  Pretty typical Ameri-Asian buffet.  Pretty good salads, decent maki sushis (rolls) and I like the deep fried shrimps with the heads still on.  Have not tried the Mongolian BBQ yet, but I will -- probably the next time I stop by for lunch.  I tried the flounder fillets which looked like they were either steamed or something with some paprika and some other spices on top of the fillets.  But I was disappointed -- very nice whole fillets of fish, but it tasted like nothing.  I think they would have been much better if they were steamed with ginger/oil/green onions or maybe some other kind of sauce.  But still, pretty good as buffet places go -- better than most standard Ameri-Asian buffets, but not as good as say Pacific Seafood Buffet.  But the cheaper in price so I think that compensates for the differences.
5	Stopped back in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C.  The price has increased a dollar from three months ago, but everything was tip top with the restaurant & the food.  There was lots of great Sushi, many salad choices, tasty cottage cheese, just-right Kim Chee, great fried chicken, delicious Stuffed Scallops, Corn Souffl'e, Mongolian BBQ, & so on.It's still a big "Yum!" & 5 Stars for Yummy Buffet!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
4	$5.99 for a lunch buffet.  You spend more than that at your local fast food burger joint.In all seriousness, this is a "it is what it is" situation.  The food isn't too bad.  For that price, the food and selection isn't bad at all.  They have good chicken wings at times, and the crispy shrimp has been good both times I went there.  They have items like pizza and curly fries for those with kids that are picky eaters.Look for a coupon in the mail and give it a go.
1	Skip this place. Spoiled fish in sushi (ruined my appetite before my first bite), room temperature crab tasted funny (wife didn't eat afterwards), cold food in the hot trays, and hard chicken that had been under the lights too long. Six of us went and none of us ate a third bite. Pepsi was good though.
2	I wrote an earlier review, but it seems to have disappeared.....no problem.  I just wanted to provide an update.  I have been here at least 6-8 time since they opened and the food is about the same.  So they are not reducing the food choices or quality to save money.  But what I wanted to update the other yelpers about is that they have raised their prices significantly where they no longer have a economic advantage over their like competitors.  Their lunch prices are now $8 although they still advertise that the lunch price is $6.  Why do establishments do this?  Are they just stupid or are they trying to be shysters and mislead the public?  These kind of things really irritate me when businesses do this kind of thing.
2	MEH! Not so yummy buffet. The wife and I ate there tonight and we were terribly disappointed with the quality of the food. Much of it was stale, lukewarm (the warming tables aren't NEARLY hot enough!) and I was totally put off by the dark and somewhat unfriendly atmosphere. I'll stay away from this place and spend my money elsewhere.
2	I have been here three times in as many weeks.  It is relatively new. Not the building, itself just this restaurant.  Yummy Buffet boasts very affordable pricing for a very expansive lunch or dinner buffet.  The choices are really diverse, from sushi, sashimi, fresh stir fry, typical Chinese standards and not so typical- yet traditional Asian specialty dishes.  There is a lot of seafood and fish offerings as well as a good sized salad and desert bar.    With everything to choose from it is not surprising that there would be a few missteps.  On my first visit, I am kind of overwhelmed by the array of options.  I settle in with things I am familiar with first- chicken satay, kung pao, sesame chicken, crab puff, more chicken stir fry and some baked salmon.  All of it was remarkably tasty and enjoyable with exception of the crab puff.  Something strange and a little fishy.  No problem- the rest is really good!  I return for seconds hitting a few other tables where there is peel and eat shrimp, pot stickers, egg drop soup, steamed broccoli and long green beans- again- all is going down well.  The crappy crab puff is erased from my mind.  I finish with pride, some banana pudding with vanilla wafers.  Yum!  My friend tries the white tennis ball looking thing from a pot.  he says it is a very traditional desert.  I watch as he bites into the un food like object.  Inside it I see what looks like light purple jelly.  MMMMM???? okay- He says it is good and finishes it.  Fun Fun I go back to my yummy creamy yellow slick in a bowl.  Approved!  Not only was the food and service better than expected, I did not get sick!  Yay! 4 starsMy second visit  -another success- even the crab puff tasted normal and good! 4 stars!My LAST visit- I knew I was pushing this too far- sure enough- it was lousy this time. inedible, even!  What happened?  This time every piece of chicken had some type of hard grizzled appendage or hidden extremity.  I went through several napkins as mouth fulls were discarded.  I am so disappointed.  I will never come back- even if it was an off day- I will never take that chance again, UNFORTUNATELY.
3	Meh. Not a big fan of this location. I think I'll stick to the one off Gilbert and the 202.
2	-- closed --
5	What a bummer that this place has closed!  It was really good!!     :-((
4	Was yummy for the price you cannot beat it, I got the coupon for $6.99 for lunch buffet and it had everything! They had sushi, Asian food: teri chicken, shrimp tempura, noodles, beef broccoli, sea food, stir-fry, fresh fruit, salad bar, fish, and i am sure I forgot to mention things but they had EVERYTHING!I didnt know if it was a promotion but I took my friend to try it out and we both couldn't believe how good it tasted for that cost! It was at a good location and it was very convenient to get to! If your in the area stop by, its at a great location at the corner of the block. You cannot miss it!
