3	This is built on top of what used to be a pet cemetery.I think of the cats and dogs of old when I eat here.Kind of like a Rainbow Bridge Denny's.
2	For a Dennys, this place usually has okay food & that's all that prevents me from rating it a 1 star. The problem is, in years of going there on & off, the service leaves something to be desired & they ALWAYS get my order wrong. Friends & collegues of mine have all had issues with their orders as well. Too bad people don't bother rating chains like these. Besides years of skimping on the sizes of to-go orders, there have been several occations their phone stays busy (because they "didn't realize it was off the hook"). For a place that's dead most of the time, you'd think they'd put their best foot forward when they get orders, especially for frequent customers, but that's nearly never the case.In this particular instance (that made me finally post a review), it was Christmas. I know they're slammed for being one of the few eateries open, but I'm sure they could foresee this. I have a lot of patience for waiting in times like these & little mix-ups, but the order was going to be done in "15 minutes". When I got there in 25, noone greeted me or even acknowledged me. I get it, you're busy. After about 7 minutes they grab some boxes, throw em in a bag & I pay (he even repeated the order to make sure it was right. Great!). I open my food & none of it's our's. We return it...nope, our's is gone. It'll be a little bit. Back in 15. Nope, but we can bring it to you. Great! Btw-"we're out of your side dishes, can we change them". Sure, fine, I just want the food I paid for an hour ago. An hour & half since we ordered & everything comes burnt, dry, under-done, no bread, no dipping sauce, not even ketchup. Awesome! Mmmm...chicken strips that've been fried twice with no sauce, fries with no ketchup...wow. Hindsight tells me we should've gotten our money back, for which we could've gotten 40 tacos at Jack in the Box that are worth the price paid, made exactly how you thought they'd be & probably even served with a smile. I don't understand how they can charge the prices they do for the service & food they provide.
3	I have not eaten at a Denny's in ages, but our flight in was delayed so food places are slim pickings at this time of night/morning. The service was fast, but the food prep was a bit slow. i hate to see what happens when the place gets busy. Quality good, service good, friendly staff good, kitchen speed poor. overall 3 stars.
4	I got to hand it to the staff, they are really patient and have to put up with a lot (keep in mind this is right next to ASU). I have so many stories I could tell of our late night adventures to Denny's. I usually ended up being designated driver, and had to be the one to apologize to the staff on behalf of my roommates. I give it four stars because when we would go during the day (when they were sober), the staff seemed even more moody then the staff that runs night shifts.
3	Good wait staff. They have a nice white egg om-let. French toast and pancakes tasty.  This place is very close to the University, and within a mile of several hotels.
1	When I go to eat at a restaurant, the last thing I expect, NOR DESERVE, is to be YELLED AT. I have food allergies, and I was actually excited to see a meal I could order that I was able to eat. However, when I started to order, the waiter tried to help me out by saying an alternate dish may have been a better option, when in fact I would have received one less side dish for the same price... The worst part (and my personal WORST EXPERIENCE EVER) was the fact that he started to get confusing with the side orders. There were clearly two included with the meal, and the meal description said you could get two additional sides. So... I told him I wanted fruit and then the desert. But then he tried explaining that wasn't the sides I could order... either way, he started to get VERY FRUSTRATED. He then proceeded to pick up the other "main" menu and SHOVE IT IN MY FACE, to show me the side dishes I could actually choose from. ****FIRST OF ALL, I DO NOT DESERVE the lack of respect that you showed me. Second, you need to control your own stress and frustrations to provide PROPER CUSTOMER SERVICE to your customers. I am a graduating senior from ASU, going into medical school, and am quite capable of ordering my food. YOU DO NOT NEED TO TALK DOWN TO ME, GET FRUSTRATED, RAISE YOUR VOICE, AND SHOVE A MENU IN MY FACE!!!***** Honestly, the whole situation made me end up crying because I was so thrown off by this whole experience, and I did not need my MORNING ruined. If you can't handle busy mornings (at a breakfast joint) then you need to find yourself another job that involves less stress and NO exposure to customers. You were extremely rude, and completely ruined my experience at the restaurant. I will not be returning, and I will advise others not to. We notified the manager. He spoke with the waiter, and said he would speak with him again later. *If* this store knew customer service, they would have DEFINITELY given me my meal free. Instead they made me charge full price. Um... excuse me? Overall a horrible experience (the worst I've experienced... and that says a lot coming from a student who has a lot of allergies). My order was not even complicated AT ALL. And, what's even more hilarious is the fact that I ended up ordering EXACTLY WHAT I TOLD HIM THE FIRST TIME!!! Obviously he needs to get his s**** together, get his temper under control, and maybe cut back on the bacon to help your blood pressure get back to normal. If you're looking to get some decent breakfast, you're better off going to iHop on Apache!!!!
4	The wait staff is very friendly hereThis is one of the better Denny's aroundIt probably has to do with putting up with those college students All the employees seem to be patientI do like this location more than the one on Univ and the 143... Order time here is quick and our meals arrived in a quick timely manner Food was goodI stuck with the value slam because I am not that hungry
4	This is the spot people tend to go to after a long night of drinking in Tempe or Old Town. You will see some interesting people here at 1 am. Good deals on drunk bites and the wait staff is pretty quick. Food was out in 5-10 minutes.
4	This Denny's has fast service. My boyfriend and I always come here. We have tried a couple other Denny's in the area, but this one always has the best service.
