2	Conference room is smallIce machine requires room keyBreakfast is oakyNot the best locationStaff is okay
2	I only stayed here for one night, but I got the feeling that this hotel is not in the best neighborhood.  Right after I parked my car, someone ran across the parking lot and jumped the fence to the housing complex next door.   There were several signs indicating that the parking lot was under 24 hour surveillance.  My guess is that most Holiday Inn parking lots have surveillance cameras, but the signs were needed at this location to provide a deterrent against theft and break-ins.  My room had a safe in it, which on one hand is nice if you have valuables, but on the other hand is an indication of the safety of the surrounding neighborhood.My room was OK, but I noticed that the peephole was damaged and that someone had stuffed tissue in it.  I'm glad that no one knocked on my door during the night, as the only way I could have determined the identity of my visitor would have been to open the door.I'm glad I was here for only one night, as this place gave me the creeps.  If you are traveling with a loved one or family, I would definitely pick another location.  I'm not coming back.
1	This where you end up if if you wait till the last minute to book a room for the CES show, and I do mean last minute. It really wasn't that bad, but the neighborhood is awful and the evening desk clerk is unbelievably bad at his job. I felt like I was being booked into jail, not registering for a room. He really needs to find a new job where he has no interaction with the public.The room was fine and the bathroom was done in granite and looked like a Marriott or better. The TV is one of those old kind that you have to pay people to take away (see photo). The bacon and omlettes at the free breakfast were nasty so I just had fruit, yogurt and cereal. If they upgraded the TVs and pillows, replaced Mr. Grumpypants down at the front desk and hired an armed guard to watch the parking lot this would be a great place to stay for the non last minute CES show rate, which was exorbitant. You can be on the strip in 15 minutes or less if there's no traffic. The Wifi was free and fast enough to watch Netflix in HD on my laptop.
3	Great rooms great hotel good comp. Breakfast but the location is horrible its not in a good neigborhood and there is nothing but a 7-11 and mcdonalds walking distance you will need a rental car staying here
5	Clean room, felt safe and far from all of the Las Vegas noise. Perfect if you are stopping through Vegas on a trip or there for something besides the gambling and shows (we had a volleyball tournament). Took us about 15 minutes to get to the Convention Center. Was a little nervous seeing it was in North Las Vegas, but felt that it was isolated from that neighborhood. Breakfast was good with many choices. Highly recommend; got it on Hotwire for a great rate.
5	Clean hotel, fast service, very friendly staff. Friends and I stayed here for EDC. It is very close to the Speedway and there is a complimentary breakfast in the morning. :) Compared to all the other hotels I saw in the area, it looked like a 5 star hotel. Also, it isn't pricey and the room I stayed in had a microwave, fridge, and a flat screen tv.
4	Nice hotel near Nellis AFB, located near plenty of fast food restaurants if you need to grab a bite late at night. Only spent 1 night here, so there's not much I can say...The rooms were clean and check-in/out was a breeze. They also have free breakfast from 6:30-9:30 AM which was pretty decent. They even had a pancake machine that spits out fresh pancakes with the push of a button! I would stay here again just for that!
1	Front desk customer service sucks after hours. Call the 800 number even as platinum status and was told that they have rooms available when I try to book the room they call the front desk. The front desk said that they have no more rooms available. Lazy! I don't understand but that's the way it is I guess that they have no loyalty to members. Sorry for so many errors and spelling and grammar I'm doing this via my voice messaging so I don't get stopped for texting and driving just thought everyone should know what I think of this Holiday Inn.
4	This is one of the more pricey hotels in this area of town. It is very clean, 100  percent smoke free, all rooms have microwave and fridge. Complimentary wifi too. They have a spectacular hot breakfast complimentary. I wish the pancake maker was working but the cinnamon rolls made up for it. The room was great, updated, roomy, smelled fresh and the toiletries are from Bathand Body works. The bed could have been softer, but all in all I highly recommend forking over the extra bucks for this hotel.
4	The plan was to leave at o'dark thirty to Moab from Southern California.  We were looking at a 13-14 hour drive.  So when my girlfriend suggested we start our drive the evening before, I was down.  I was thinking we were gonna spend the night in Baker, but we pushed on.  It was getting late and I knew we were going to have to crash in Vegas.  I wasn't in the mood for any of the strip crap, so we decided Nellis had to have some motels to choose from.  The first place we tried, had rooms, but no non smoking rooms and the couple in front of us were trying to get a refund because their non smoking room smelt like an ashtray.  We walked away and tried another place around the corner.  Sold out.  We then called another place and they also were sold out.  When we called HIE, they had rooms available.  We were not to far away and we pulled right in.  It was close to midnight and the guy at the front desk was nice and courteous.  Room was a little pricey (around $140), but we needed a bed.  We unloaded our stuff and headed to our room.  The room was clean and fresh.  It definitely was a step above some of the places we stay when we're out on our adventures.  This place reminded me of a place a business man going to a conference would stay at on his companies dime.  Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was quite roomy.  The room came with a fridge, microwave, and wifi standard.  It may have had an iron and hair drier, I can't remember.Breakfast bar was nice.  Standard continental style breakfast items with sausage patties and an assortment of rolls.  Why is there never any bacon?  Place was clean and the other staff I ran into that morning were also courteous.Like I said, it was a little pricey, but it was a Saturday night and overall we had a pleasant stay.
4	My family stays at the Holiday Inn all the time so we have resonable expectations for service. Check-in was easy and the front desk even let us store our mountain bikes in the front office. The room was nice and the indoor hot tub was great. Breakfast the next morning was typical but the service was great! My two little ones made a big mess and I was only able to clean the table. When I asked for a broom to sweep up the mess, the lady told me not to worry about it. She also gave me Ziploc bags so I could take a little food for my kids. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the elevator had way too strong of a smell of air freshener. So strong that I felt sick every time I got on it.
5	This hotel was the best. Being a local I don't have a real opportunity to stay in any of our local hotels but when the water heater blew and flooded our home we we're put up here by our insurance co. Large breakfast every morning. Great spacious rooms with microwave and refrigerator. In room HBO and other cable shows on flat screen TV and one hell of a pool and spa. Plenty of free parking and it truly is a dog friendly hotel. Room prices are very reasonably. Easy freeway access in all directions. Walking distance to casino, galleria mall and other small shops and restaurants. You can't go wrong booking here.
1	Wasted free nights on this dump. Living out of hotels 10 months a year, I would  know.Old hotel  and breakfast  was as bad as hotel maintance...Neighborhood is really  suspect.
