4	So, in 2011 I purchased a car battery from AAA which cost at least $150 (from what I remember). I know this sounds ridiculous and makes me appear a little stupid, but at the time I was stranded at QT and had no one (including a boy I was dating who was minutes down the road from my location) who would help. I figured (a) they have a mobile battery replacement service, (b) I'm a member, (c) I'll most definitely get a good deal, (d) I'm a grown ass woman who doesn't need the help of anyone (except AAA - obviously) and (e) what sounds better right now than sitting in my car in this 115 degree weather, while enjoying a nice six pack of Kiltlifter, and waiting for someone to come replace my battery for me on location!?! Anyway, I feel like AAA raped me with what I was charged. To make a long story short (this is getting way out of hand), my battery died again just last week. It hasn't even been two years since it was replaced. Brother came to my work, jumped the car, and we drove it here because it's close to where I live. The guy was SUPER nice and helpful, checked the battery for me, let us hang out in their store while I called AAA (as, again, it was like 110 outside), and even looked into how much they would charge me to replace it if I was not covered by AAA's warranty. I went back in the store while waiting for AAA to see what I would be spending, as I was told over the phone AAA would prorate the cost of my new battery. Maybe he wasn't even that nice, but he just kept helping me - knowing I was waiting for AAA and that I might be wasting his time. Maybe this is what customer service should be like. I'm typically just so disappointed these days that I dread asking for help. I feel like people are either (a) overly friendly/fake in an attempt to sell or (b) super rude and could care less about your business. So, AAA came and replaced my battery for FREE in Autozone's parking lot, as I was still covered under warranty. The moral of this story; however, is that I received awesome customer service here and will return if I need to in the future! Thank you nice Autozone worker guy!
5	Simple need but they were quick and pleasant and right place at the right time.  Good job guys and thanks for your help!
5	Efficient, courteous, helpful team at this Autozone. I came here to buy a truck battery while the place was busy. The team was moving about diligently and helping everybody. The place was clean, friendly atmosphere, the aisles were stock full, and I was in and out in no time - even with a wait from the customer queue
