4	This is a new Thai restaurant that has opened in ne Mesa   It took over the old Roma Italian bldg on recker and mckellips  I had the green curry with chicken and veggies  delicious. And the pad Thai made with a wider noodle also very good also w/ lots of chicken  and the pot stickers good but not my fave .the staff is friendly .
4	The Rating is just a stop gap till I try it out. haven't really tried it out yet. Heard about it from a "close" friend. Went in on a Saturday evening and found it somewhat crowded. This used to be an Italian restaurant. The ambiance was decent, but wasn't really hungry enough to sit down and eat. Will try it the next time I am around the vicinity
3	I would like to start out my review with a warning to DIABETICS.  The sauce they use is extremely sweet.  It's some kind of super sweet syrup with salt and spices.  It would be a good idea to get the sauce on the side.Other than that, the service is excellent!  The decor is very nice.  I couldn't help but notice the beautiful metallic paint on the walls.  The menu offers a great variety and over all the food is excellent.They are closed on Mondays.
4	Good new Thai place in Mesa. Compared to Thai Patio, the portions are huge and just as good, and they usually get the spicy level just right for both me (3.5 on a 1-5 scale) and my girlfriend (2) on the curry. They have a fried shrimp appetizer that's also pretty good - definitely my favorite Thai in the area.
1	The only positive thing this place has going for it is the decor.  I had Green Curry Chicken, but it was unlike any I had had before ... and not in a good way.  What I remember clearly is that the vegetables were cut/sliced too big, not cooked long enough and the sauce was very, very bland.   The food implied a technical familiarity with the the ingredients of Thai food but a complete lack of the artistry of it.   Thai food is all about a balancing of flavors and mouth sensations... 5 R Cha failed at that... miserably.I've had frozen Thai dinners that were better.
1	Awful salty, chicken with unfresh aftertaste, lousy service  Never again.  Used to be good but went downhill quick after they RAISED the prices.
2	I've eaten here before and even though my first few experiences were good, I have had two bad experiences in a row.  Today the pad thai I ordered was goopy and bland. It was supposed to be a "3" on a scale from 1-5 but I think it was a big zero. I took my food to go and doubt I'll finish it. Even the flag hanging outside the restaurant is in shreds.  It looks like they just don't care anymore.
4	Had chicken & shrimp pad thai was very tasty and fresh, came w 8 large shrimp and enough for 2 meals so was worth the $14+. Crab Rangoon was just okay needs a bit more cream cheese a little too much imitation crab taste, ill be skipping that next time! Still 4 stars for the entree and freshness!
5	I was in Thailand for 11 months while in the US Military and I believe I know good Thai cuisine. This is the best Thai food I have found in Arizona.For my first "test dish" in any Thai restaurant I always order Pad Thai. It is a common Thai dish and any good restaurant should know how to prepare it well. The Shrimp Pad Thai I ordered here was excellent . The shrimp were large and fresh.My family all ordered take out and I sampled a little of their dishes also. Everything was excellent and priced reasonably.I live in Tucson and have yet to find Thai food this good in my home town. The next time I visit the Valley I plan on trying the restaurant they have in Tempe.
3	As a person with a strange addiction to Thai food, I took the risk and entered this Thai food establishment in the middle of my new desert home. Mesa, AZ.  The venue is well decorated and we were greeted quickly. The server was very well mannered and prompt with his service. We ordered up off of the lunch menu, Pad Thai (chicken) and Sweet and Sour (chicken) and an appetizer of Calamari.The Calamari was great! nice and crispy. The Sweet and Sour chicken was different then we have ever had, however, still very tasty and good. The Pad Thai.....this is where I became a little disappointed. The noodles were sopping wet, I didn't order soup! And the portions were a little bit on the skimpy side. Not enough chicken to crispy tofu ratio compared to the amount of wet noodles I was eating. I will give this place a second chance. so look for an update.
5	5 R Cha Thai Bistro has consistently fresh, tasty food. Don't let the slightly tricky restaurant name turn you off. The staff are quick and efficient and the venue is roomy and comfortable. Plus, there's always sports on a large flat screen TV.I highly recommend the Chicken Pad See Ew and Thai Tea. For a corner restaurant, this is a hidden gem. (There's plenty of room for wheelchairs/powerchairs.)
4	Seems like it's getting easier to find good Thai in Mesa!  Dropped by Friday night. The parking lot looked busier than the it really was. Very pleasantly surprised with the interior. It's got a cute little outdoor area and the inside is tasteful and not gaudily decorated. The service was very good. We had Sweet and Sour chicken which was different than we're used to, but still very good. Also ordered up some Tom Yum with shrimp at a hotness of  #4 (out of 1-5). It was nice. I think next time I'll go for 5 though as the 4 didn't even make me sweat a little. The side of vegetarian pot stickers were good.  All the food came out quick and was extremely hot and freshly cooked. The men's room was clean and tidy.
5	5 R Cha is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley.  The ingredients are fresh, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant is clean.  The won-ton soup is by far the best (and freshest) I have ever had.  I will advise, I love "hot" and I can't handle 5 R Cha's "5".  They definitely add more heat than most places, which is fine, it's Thai food, but just a warning to those who don't like things hot.
5	This place has great food. I am never disappointed when I go and I ordered different things on the menu. Their service is quick and easy the facilities are clean and everyone is always courteous. I really like their green curry and wonton soup. I swear it helped cure my cold!! LOL!!! They deliver too!! Always a plus in my book.
5	Wow!!! I am in love with 5R Cha Thai Bistro. The yellow curry was amazing. Full of flavor, sweet and spicy and fresh. The service was top notch friendly and a relaxing quiet atmosphere.
4	Went out to dinner with my cousin nd brother on a wed evening and settled on 5r cha  in mesa.   We were seated immediately (we were the only ones there) more people were ordering takeout.  Our drink and food order were quick and service was very friendly.  My brother and cousin ordered the specials:  a lobster noodle dish and a seafood saute.  I ordered a vegetable noodle dish.  Each order came separate and piping hot.  None of us were disappointed with the food or service.  Would definitely come back again.
4	Great service here and love the food. Always tasty with lots of flavor and big portions. We make it this a regular dinner date in Saturdays.
5	Amazing, thorough service! :) 5 starsDelicious pineapple curry & fresh spring rolls! 5 stars. Pad Thai is a bit dry & bland for my taste. 3 stars.
4	Pretty good.Had the yellow curry.  Not too spicy not too sweet.The soup that came with the meal was a tad sweet, but not bad.
5	We have been looking for our 'go to' restaurant since we moved. We happened to go here on a whim one evening - and boy am I glad we did. This is my new favorite place. The food is fantastic, it's a nice calm atmosphere, and the staff is super friendly! I'm also very excited that they deliver. I am new to Thai food, so the staff has always been great at helping me find something that I will enjoy.. Everything that I have had is delicious. I love the Thai tea, and tonight I tried the pineapple curry and was very happy with my choice. I've been there twice within the last 2 weeks, and can't wait to go back!
5	Had lunch here for the third time in a month and each time was better than the last!  Server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and offered great recommendations when asked.  Food, above and beyond.  Nice large servings, even at lunch.  The PZ Noodles were so good I took a full order home to share with the family last time.  The kitchen is also good at getting the spiciness just right.  Today we tried the Sweet and Sour w/shrimp, Chow Mein Noodles w/beef and a Ginger dish w/chicken.  We shared the three dishes with 3 of us and even had some leftover.Not alot of customers during lunch, but we found it a great time to come since some evenings they are waiting out the door......thats a very good sign that this is a good place to Thai!
5	This place is great!  We recently moved to the Mesa area from Chicago.  We've been here several times and I've tried something new each time and everything has been fantastic!  And to top it off the service is always friendly and fast.
4	Oh .... my.....God!  5 R Cha  Thai Bistro is a wonderful alternative to Mexican food in the Mesa area.  I loved everything about this place: (1) the food: (2) the staff: (3) the ambiance: (4) the parking; (5) the location: and (6) the incredible warm and welcoming service.  The menu has a great selection of dishes.  There is the typical curry, but there is the crispy, fresh Green Papaya Salad.  The Penang Curry is rich, and the spice level of this dish is your choice.  The delicious Green Tea ice cream with Roti is also great.  I think some of these dishes have a Malay/Thai fusion and that is a great idea.  I love this place!!!!
2	So sad.  We live nearby and though we would throw some local business their way.  Wife is Thai and the food is bad.  It is edible but I can't tell if they are bad cooks or just adjusted so much for White folks that the food barely tastes like Thai food.  So, So sad.
4	Went here for lunch today. The restaurant is clean and modern , very pleasant. I had crab fried rice, which had 5 ounces of crab on top of the fried rice with large pieces of fresh crisp vegetables.  The portion was huge.My boyfriend had the BBQ steak with some sort of dipping sauce , fresh vegetables, rice and a vegetarian egg roll.  Even his lunch portion was large. He said it was one of the best lunches he's ever had.All dishes can be ordered on a hotness scales of 1-5.
4	Great food and great service. Not the cheapest Thai food but definitely worth the price. They were referred to us by our Thai friend and love this place too. We recently moved to Mesa from west LA and got use to eating in Thai town and natalee thai. This place has satisfied our cravings for LA Thai. Any SoCal people reading will know what I mean. It's hard to compete with SoCal asian food of all nationalities...
2	Try looking at the behind the scenes operations of this place, mainly the cleanliness in the kitchen. The dining area is nice, and the food can be pretty tasty, good if you get the right thing. I used to like eating here a lot, until I saw the kitchen. Could be better, could be worse, good regular corner spot.
2	Mediocre Thai food. If you want really good Thai food for the same price, just take McKellips half a mile east and you'll find Thai Patio. I found that it was way better, both for food and for service.
5	Nice open style restaurant that doesn't pack in the tables so you can actually have a conversation at your table. Patio seating available.  Yellow curry is excellent as are the fresh shrimp rolls.
5	We are Thai food snobs from Seattle, where there's a lot of good Thai, and finally found a top place in the Phoenix valley area. It's 5 R Cha Thai Bistro in Mesa!  The food and service are amazing and the Panang Curry sauce is to die for!  Very authentic (owner is Thai), and since we've moved to Mesa a month ago, we've eaten there 4-5 times already.Caution: It's addicting!
5	I have been going to Thai Elephant and 5 R Cha in Tempe for 6+ years...and I am so happy they have this location out in Mesa where I live. I love the owners, they are so nice. I love the thai iced tea, fresh rolls, pad thai, tom kha, masaman curry...i just love all their food :)
5	This place is wonderful. The staff is great, food is great. The lunch specials are worth the visit. I love the hellooo when you go in.
4	Flavorful food. Wait for food was a tad disappointing but once it did arrive it was worth it. They had some difficulty getting us silverware and full size plates too. The Crying Tiger and Phuket Lemon Fish were a huge success. Definitely on my list to return when their dishwasher is back and it's not so crowded.
5	Excellent service!   The crying tiger was delicious.   Thai sausage appetizer was spicy but very good. Portions were good size.   I tried Thai ice tea for the first time but it is too sweet for my taste.  Will definitely go back!
2	Went to 5RCha with my wife and two friends to this location in Mesa AZ.  It is not quite what we were expecting.  Perhaps because both my wife and I were expecting more Asian style food, and this was to Westernized.  My wife and I are of Asian background.  My wife's comment after we returned home the next day was "I can cook better!".  Our two friends from Kentucky were pleased with the food.  I ordered the Jungle Curry (I was not to pleased with it)My wife order Tom Yum (her comments were that she cooks better Tom Yum)Our friends order the Tom Kha and some other kind of curry, and they appreciated it.  About the only thing that my wife said was okay was the fresh spring rolls made with rice paper (not the fried rolls).  I guess after traveling through Southeast Asia, my wife and I have gotten very picky about what we call "good" Southeast Asian food.  My wife is originally from Southeast Asia, and I have travelled extensively through Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.We wish the owners well, but they really need to be more authentic in their food preparations, and be ready to try some different things.  I was looking for something like a Yum Woon Sen, and I did not see it on the menu.
4	Never been here for dinner, but I love coming here for lunch since I work close by. The specials are a great deal (I personally love all their curries and can highly recommend them) and the people here are always friendly.
1	So first time here and the combo appetizer was good and had a good portion. Service was bad overall. Girl serving us was on her 2nd day working. We waiting 45 minutes and saw about 10 people served and at least another 10-15 to go orders handed out and we did not receive our food. When the server came to tell us there kitchen was backed up I told them to cancel our order and we'll pay for what we got. Then the so called manager came over and said your food is ready now u want it to go? At this point we were over the wait. Paid for app and 2 drinks and left. Wont be going back there though.
5	My wife and I are never disappointed at this restaurant.  We are real fans of Asian cuisine but the food here is remarkable, unlike anything we've eaten elsewhere.  Literally you can taste the flavor of each vegetable in what you order. The flavors jump in your mouth.  I do not know what the Thai chef does but whatever it may be please don't change a thing.  Combined with jasmine rice you simply can't go wrong. On our last five visits we can't find one negative to talk about.  The service offered is excellent, with the employees very attentive to each table and the restaurant as a whole.  They show true appreciation for your business and are always glad to see you walk through the door.Give them a try.  I'm confident you will not be disappointed.
3	My disclaimer: I'm not a Thai Food Snob...I mostly get Chinese food at various places in Mesa and the surrounding area.  We've lived here for almost 14 years and I've driven past this restaurant many, many times without a second thought about eating here. Finally, a couple of weeks ago, I told my wife to stop by and pick up some carryout.  We went online, found their menu, and called in the order.I was certainly underwhelmed at not only the portion size (quite small for the price) but the taste of the food.  I ordered a chicken and noodle entree' and my wife had something similar.  It was expensive just for two meals (over $25) and very bland in flavor.  I doubt that I'll be back any time soon.  I truly can cook a better meal at home for much less.  All in all, it wasn't horrible, just disappointing.
5	I've been here numerous times for lunch and the food is always excellent. We have 3 other nearby Thai places to choose from, but the food at this one always seems to taste the best. Not only that, the layout is nicer and they have outdoor seating available.
