3	The swankiest grocery store in town that isn't Whole Foods or some sort of co-op.  While pricey, attractive people shop there and they have classical piped over the speakers.  Feels like shopping in some alternate America where everybody is hot and milk is one dollar more expensive.
4	Way back when my grocery bill was sponsored by my parents, this was the place I went for groceries.  The produce was usually the star of my shopping trip.  I like this grocery store, because it has the selection of Whole Foods but also carries Heinz Ketchup and Kraft Macaroni and Cheese. (However their selection of perishables and ethnic food does NOT beat Woodmans.)   When I was required to make gift baskets for various people, this is where I would go to get my fancy olives, spreads, and crackers.  Yes it is pricey, and once I get a grocery sponsor again I'd never go anywhere else.
4	I grew up with this as my neighborhood grocery store so it's got a space in my heart.  I never gave it much thought, though, until I noticed it swanked it up big time in order to beat off the Goliath that is Whole Foods.  Rock out, Sentry.  You'll always be my favorite.
4	We go there for most of our fresh foods, it doesn't have the feel of a neighborhood grocer but the quality and selection are terrific.
4	So I tried several grocery stores in Madison (Trader Joes, Copps, Whole Foods, Willy-coop, and Woodman's), and I have to say that Sentry finally captured my heart. I love this place. Ok, WF still has the best bakery section, but Sentry carries way more selections. Lots of produces at good prices, pretty flowers, huge selection of condiments, etc etc. I just like walking around a pretty grocery store. If I had a car, this is definitely my destination for groceries, but until then, I'll save it for special occasions.
1	If ever there were a real live grinch, It would be the hag (presumably the manager) working 2 days before Christmas.  I was going to buy a bottle of wine, and she came over to let me know in a nasty voice that if I were buying alcohol, I better hurry up.Well I did, and because the cashier was seriously slow, it was 9:01 when it was my turn at the register.  This woman came over, and snatched the bottle away from the cashier and said something to the effect that I should have hurried up, and they didn't sell alcohol after 9.  The cashier looked really uncomfortable, and mumbled some excuse.  What is it about the holidays that turns people into complete assholes?
3	Metcalfe's Sentry... hmm, how should I start this review?  Let's get the bad stuff out of the way first.  - It's pricey.  I recently bought 2 sea scallops, a pound of Halibut, and a 6-oz Tuna fillet.  Price: $50.86.  Ouch.- Limited selection of "staple-goods."  Sure, I can get fresh Alaskan King Crab or a locally-made vegan cookie from the bakery at a moment's notice, but I dare you to find a box of Blueberry Special K on a Sunday night... I think they stock 4 or 5 of those, and when they're gone, they're gone (they're also about $1 higher than Woodman's).- It's inconvenient to get in and out of.  University Avenue S-U-C-K-S sucks.  And, if you wish to head west from Metcalfe's, you have to turn onto Midvale, make a U-turn, and then sit at the Midvale/University light and wait... The parking lot is also a cluster-F.- The checkers can be a bit snooty.  That, or I get the same girl every time... it really does seem as though I'm bothering the heck out of her by giving her a handful of items to scan, waiting on a total, and then giving her money.  I usually encounter a "why-are-you-bothering-me-with-this" sigh or a roll of the eyes at some point during checkout.  - The clientele can be a bit snobby (especially the ones that hop out of their leased BMWs).  Yeah, so you think you're cool in your BMW, but we both know that you're living in a rundown apartment, using one credit card to pay the other, and you're maybe 2-weeks from having the Bimmer repo'd.  Get over yourself... and flip your collar down and straighten that hat - you look ridiculous, fratty.  Ok?And now for the good stuff.+ The service workers (Deli, bakery, etc) are fantastic.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  Makes it seem a little less painful when you're paying $28.99/lb for fish or buying a $4 cupcake.+ Fruits and Veggies are usually top notch quality.+ They place an emphasis on locally sourced products.So there you have it.  As others have mentioned, there are many better alternatives for regular day-to-day items: Woodman's, for one.  But for those times when you need something that's extra fresh, or a little obscure, check out Metcalfe's.
5	This is not only a grocery store, it's a staple in the community. Tim and Kevin Metcalfe have kept the tradition alive! Yes, this store is pricier than others but you do indeed get what you pay for. The Metcalfes also give back more to the community that all the rest of the grocery retailers combined!  This is a good hearted family running an excellent local grocery store.
5	There are so many reasons to shop at Metcalf's.  Sure, the price point may be a little bit higher than Copp's, but the produce and meat selection is fantastic.  They have a better cheese selection than the tiny Whole Foods one, too.The thing that I really like about Metcalf's is that they are dedicated to the Madison community.  They are the sponsor of Brat Fest and are invested in the eat local movement.  It seems like every time I go there they have more signs up showing "food miles," how far the food has traveled to the store.  They also have a beautiful display near the front of the produce area showcasing veggies and fruits from local farms.There is a huge selection of prepared foods and even an espresso bar.  You can tell that alot of thought and money went into the recent remodel of the store.
1	I came here for one reason, the free Sunday paper. I love free stuff. Even if it appears to be absurd, like a Sunday paper. The deal is, you spend five dollars and they give you a two dollar Wisconsin Sunday paper. Okay, so know you know how I ended up here, let me tell you all about the magnificent Metcalfe's.It is just a supermarket. Not of a Safeway variety, but a Gelson's or Bristol Farms variety. Despite the many Yelpers who proclaimed that this is expensive, its not expensive. If you are buying toilet paper or paper towel here, it is expensive, but it is no more expensive on food than anyone else. I don't care about some Brat Fest, I don't even care about brats. Cheese is just cheese, in fact, if you have been to cheese stores in New York and Paris, you realize everything else pales in comparison. In fact, everything pales to New York and Paris anyway.Back to the review. The store is well laid out, clean, the produce appeared fresh. It was early on a Sunday morning, but a lot of the prepared foods were already out. They looked good, but I don't buy prepared foods in a supermarket, unless its Wegmans, but that isn't a supermarket, its nirvana. Thus I can not assess the prepared section. I do buy baked goods, and it is on this basis that the store failed. As I was walking down the bakery aisle, I noticed a slice of white cake. I love white cake. The soft, dewy white cake, enrobed in creamy butter cream frosting *cue the angels and ethereal music* Anyway, as part of my five dollars, I bought a 2.49 piece of white cake. *gag* How much sugar do you people eat? The cake was okay, but the frosting was just a sugary, you could taste the granules, nightmare. This is not white cake!!There was nothing wrong with the store, but if your bakery sucks, it is a good indication that the other prepared foods are not going to be very good and there are also some other flaws. I didn't see anything that was unique or that would make me want to come here. There wasn't any Bell and Evans Chicken. I did see they sold Boar's Head cold meats, which is always a plus, but is it worthy of five stars? No.Sorry Mr. and Mrs. Metcalfe (or whomever you are), work on the bakery, let me know and I will come back and re-evaluate you again.
5	I love how fresh their produce is. Everything is very organized and easy to find. The music they play is relaxing and the employees and very helpful/well informed. Their prices vary, many things a little bit more expensive than your mainstream grocery store, however they have great items on sale each week which are very affordable on a budget. It's closer to home for me, so driving else where to pay a little less isn't worth it to me. Also, a big plus is that they regularly have samples throughout the store and have a red box movie rental station.
4	I usually only come here for the fresh meat, deli, seafood and produce selection, although they do have some interesting exclusive and high-quality items in the rest of the store that you can't get anywhere else in Madison.I went here for doughnuts yesterday, as my regular place was closed, and I had no complaints and the price was reasonable.  The French Bread I grabbed for dinner was excellent.However, all in all, I wouldn't do the bulk of my shopping here due to the prices, but for what I come for it's pretty good.  The only comparable places in Madison are Whole Foods, Brennan's, Willy St. Co-op, and maybe Trader Joe's, that all have their own pros and cons.
4	I was relieved to find a good quality grocery store in Madison since the city seemed to be flooded with barely mediocre supermarkets. Metcalfe's has it all, variety, fresh produce, beautiful presentation of their products, and a great deli. Metcalfe's employees seem to actually enjoy their job. All except for one sad, pissed off security guard who seems to get some sort of sick satisfaction out of harassing as many people as he can. My husband stopped at the curb to run in a grab some milk. I stayed in the car with our two sleeping children. I was there for less than 2 minutes when I was startled by an angry knock at the window. I cracked the door to some bitter, 20 something security guard who obviously hated his life. He greeted me with a very rude, "WHY ARE YOU PARKED HERE?" I explained the circumstance while the below negative temperatures creeped to the backseat where my sick children were sleeping but now stirring. "WELL YOU CAN'T PARK HERE EVER AGAIN!!!" He replied in a beyond unprofessional tone. He then walked away to harass the car behind me in the same manner. My 3 year old, now completely awake, asked me, "Was that a bad stranger Mommy?" As soon as my husband got back (literally 30 seconds later) he knew exactly who I was talking about. He, too, had been a victim of the lonely, pissed off security guard.As soon as that guy gets fired, I will give Metcalfe's their 5th star.
5	I'm in love. I'm going to give this grocery store the highest praise I can - it's a cross between Brennan's (great fruit but mainly noncommercial items) and HyVee (great Iowa grocery store with normal items). I love the mix of items, the great looking fruit and Oberweis milk (I miss their Illinois stores with delicious ice cream too). It's really not that expensive and I can get everything all in one place. I was worried given the caliber of grocery stores I've found but this is the real deal. The people were nice and I'll be coming back again soon!
4	An excellent grocery store with lovely produce, meat and deli. Just moved here from the west coast and this is the only big grocery in town that doesn't make me feel very very homesick.Produce section includes a big organic section. Products labeled with origin.Prices may be higher but if you watch for the sale items- the prices are good. Helpful staff.Huge selection of local cheeses. (duh)Bakery seems full of variety, from boring midwest white bread products to many whole grain and local breads/pastries. They will slice anything.I go here when I do not want to be depressed by the other grocery stores in town and want a bigger selection than I can get at the local co-op.One Sunday they had over 40 free sample stations! Might be a regular thing?
2	I really don't understand why anyone would go here. The prices are absolutely astronomical!!! Whole Foods gets a bad rap but honestly, the same products are available there for way less money. Take Barbara's cereals-- $6.09 at Metcalfe's. That's right, SIX dollars. For cereal. At WF, the same cereal is $4.99. And then there is the ice cream aisle. One would imagine that this place would carry premium ice cream, being that it kind of touts itself as gourmet. Wrong! It's all garbage. The only semi good brand is Sassy Cow and again, guess what? More than six dollars per container!! The bakery section is gross, too. I'm sure the booze and meats and cheeses are probably great but after seeing what they charge for fairly basic products I am not sure why anyone would go here when WF is 100 percent natural and costs less.
2	Your bakery department sucks big time. You charge ridiculous prices on your desserts that are made just not right. Well we tried almost every item, EASY ON A SUGAR GUYS, YOUR STUFF IS WAY TOOOOOO SWEET. We love the rest of the store though, deli snd sushi are great. GL
4	Yelp ought to create a new category for places like Metcalfe's Market because the term "grocery store" just doesn't do this hip hap justice. Food Emporium Grocery GalleriaMajestic MarketCall it whatever you want, this place makes AJs (a high end grocer in Arizona where I've been living for the past 6 years) look like ye old five-and-dime. Now I'll be the first to admit I'm barely breaking into the grocery scene here in Madison, and I know there are Co-ops and farmer's markets galore. But what really gets me going about this place is that most every meat, dairy and grain product has a sign with the distance in miles that product traveled to Metcalfe's. WHAT? Eggs from 40 miles away too far for you? Grab a dozen from the farm that's labeled 8 miles away... no yolk! Care to chomp cheese that doesn't drive more than 5? They've got it. Add java, pasta sauce even tortilla chips bagged 1 mile down the street at the local taqueria and you have a geographically conscious way to stock pantry fridge and freezer. Oh and Chef Lea Caplan... I have no idea who you are, but I want to know who you are. She is Metcalfe's resident food expert, writing books, leading cooking demonstrations and showing up to festivals and fairs to teach Madisonians about how to take home Metcalfe's great local goods and start using them in rad recipes. Add to this the fact that the place is run on 100% green energy (that's like the wind y'all) and their bag program that awards you .10 for every reusable bag you bring in to pack your picks. Don't dig dimes? You can donate that savings to a local charity. Metcalfe's you're a sign of the times.
4	Pricey, but the quality presented is well worth it. They offer catering as well and have a giant deli-type selection. Plus, they deliver!
4	Have you ever wanted to know what it's like to be rich?  Be more refined?  You know, go to high-end fancy shmancy places?  My friend, welcome to the place where millionaires shop for groceries.  Okay, I have no idea if that statement is accurate.  But, how many grocery stores do you go to that play classical music?  This place pays a lot of attention to detail and it shows.  The store is very clean, bright, well laid out, and bears a friendly staff that is eager to help.  The produce department is world-class, with fresh clean produce that doesn't disappoint.  I think what I appreciate the most about this place is the huge deli and prepared foods section.  If you're in need of a ready made meal or something hot and tasty, this is the place to get it.  One downside is the selection.  The store and aisles are too small to accommodate a large selection, so don't expect to find 13 different brands of canned diced tomatoes.  But they do have a generic brand for most items.  The prices are a bit high, but not unreasonable.  In this case, you're paying more for the shopping experience and the quality of products.  Also, parents, they have nice carts with attached cars.  Plus a tiny cart with a flag on it that says "Customer in training."  When you're shopping with a two year old, that is HUGE.Bottom line, I like this place a lot.  I just wish their prices were a bit lower.  But I'm willing to pay the premium for the better experience than other stores in town.
5	One of the coolest grocery stores I've ever seen. Between a variety of self-service bars and posting how many food miles the items are, this location is definitely ahead of the curve with grocery stores, without charging out the wazoo like Whole Foods.
2	Looks nice but you will pay for it. Way to expensive for what you get. No worries many options to choose from near by. They scream about being local but they really dont partner with local businesses. Save a bunch by just crossing the parking lot or even the street. Just look both ways first.
4	This is my go-to grocery store.  Yes, it might be a little higher priced than other grocery store options in Madison, but the customer service, quality, and variety of food is worth it.  They have a good selection of local foods in pretty much every section of the store and they are easy to spot because they are market with the distance the food traveled to get there! Their deli, cheese, meat and seafood counters really don't compare to anywhere else that I go.  The selection is large, the staff is knowledgeable, and the food is delicious. The cheese section in particular blows me away with the variety every time. Aside from the some higher prices the only thing that I really can say bad about this place is that the parking lot is a mess if you come when it is busy - but that might have to do more with the mall and Target than the actual grocery store.
4	Glam. Glam. Cool.I spend a lot of time in Hilldale teaching ballet to tiny humans, so I decided to do my weekly shopping at Metcalfe's for the convenience. Many things to note here, so I'll point out the items that stood out like an MBA player in Japan.1) The carts glide smoothly.  Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but for someone who dances all the time and am 99% of my life physically tired, I HATE.  I repeat, HATE when I have to scoot a cart around that won't turn.  This was like gliding on velvet and I wanted to faint.  It's the little things in life people.2) Artisan bread.  Don't go searching for the cheap bread.  Pick up a nice loaf of crusty, fire baked carb-luvin heaven and giggle as you walk away.  3) Local and organic.  Speaks for itself.4) Classical music.  For once in my entire life I was not stressed out shopping.  Waaaaaah?  My blood pressure was normal.  I did not want to punch anyone.  It was enjoyable.5) Parcel pick up service.  Drive your car around and they'll load ya up. 1st class style.6) Dollar bills dollar bills.  Coupon, save, and pinch your pennies, because the 1% style of shopping will cost you a few more bucks than your average shopping experience.Let me tell you though, I'll be going back.  Oh yes indeed.
3	After my wedding reception, I have to take a star away from my previous review of Metcalfe's. For our cocktail hour, I chose Metcalfe's to provide some appetizer trays as they were on my venue's preferred caterer list and I had experience of their quality product. It was definitely a bit more than I'd usually pay for trays of meats, cheeses, and the like, but I chalked this up to a wedding expense and didn't think much of it.Come the day of the wedding, I was happy hitched and getting photos taken when I get a call "Hi, this is SoAndSo from Metcalfe's and I have a delivery." "Yes," I say. "I'm the bride and I'm not there. There are 2 planners on site as well as venue staff." "But I'm at the back door and no one is here. I have a delivery," says Metcalfe's dude. "I'm not there! I've just gotten married. I'm having my pictures taken. Please just go knock on the front door. There are a bunch of people who can help you." "Yeah, I went to the front door, but it says {the venue} is closed for a private event." *FACEPALM* Now I was annoyed. "YES! And YOU ARE BRINGING THE APPETIZERS!" I then just snapped a bit and told him to sort it out and that I wasn't to be bothered.Later (perhaps 20-30 minutes later) we parked our car at the venue for more photo taking and the delivery van from Metcalfe's was just leaving. I got a dirty look.  When I later spoke to the person managing the venue for our reception, he had a laughable mention about the delivery guy as well. Clearly the dude was not a people person and very confused about how to deliver to an event (as opposed to a person's house, etc.).The food was good, but didn't have labels as to what it was. I'd asked about this and was told it would have. So our very expensive platter of Wisconsin artisanal cheeses and dried fruits and such didn't get eaten as much as it might have. That thing was *not* inexpensive. I was a bit miffed. All in all, the appetizers from Metcalfe's were delicious. But the service was ridiculous.
5	Metcalfe's, what is this? I am new to Madison and everyone can't stop talking about what an experience it is to shop here. It's the fine-dining of grocery shopping. Well, I have only been shopping like a grown up for about a year now - but I learned how to do it in Denver. So the bar was set pretty high through Whole Foods and Safeway. But I can safely say that my experience at Metcalfe's topped it.It was very clean and well stocked. I believe I went on a Friday night too. The main goal was to get some fresh meat and milk; let's face it - those are two items you don't want to get from an Aldi's or a Woodman's. I was told by a friend that I was lucky to live so close to it, but to be careful because it was expensive. WRONG, not expensive (or maybe Denver was expensive, so that word has become relative).Safeway had a discount meat section because it was within a few days of expiring (cook it that night and you're fine). Now, I wasn't looking for that at Metcalfe's (I don't know if they'd have that even), but I found $2 Pork Butt Steak (which, the mere name of the steak made me question it - but for $2 I'll try anything once). Delicious, and I won't go as far as to say I'm a great cook.Of course I also got some stuffed pork chops and fresh produce. But the experience I had was very pleasant and the prices were fair for the quality of food I was buying (dare I say, I thought prices should be higher).As for the atmosphere, I don't think I've gone to a store in a long time that played classical music. I almost feel like if I came in sweatpants and a t-shirt that I would be under-dressed to get groceries.Whole Foods ain't got nothing on Metcalfe's (leave my double negative alone).
2	I think this is one of the best grocery stores in Madison but you have to watch your wallet at the check out.  I was there today and bought organic lemons for .99 cents.  A lot for one lemon, right?  When I was at check out, they range them up as $1.99/lemon.  Over 100% more and I had to wait 10 minutes for the manager to credit back my $2.00.  I just wonder how often this happens.  Plus, I think their organic produce is more expensive than whole foods.  If you have time, shop at Metcalf's for supplies but buy your produce at whole foods or the market.  And be sure to check the prices at the register!!
4	My drink of choice is a dark n' stormy. It requires rum and ginger beer. Ginger beer isn't always the easiest to find....but at Metcalfe's there's ginger beer and even better several OPTIONS of ginger beer. This is the place to go if you are looking for harder to find items or just to try new things. Did you know Sabra made about 15 different flavors of hummus. I didn't until I came here! Again it's a place to go if you want OPTIONS! There's almost always a person in the cheese department to answer questions and help you with all your cheese needs. I don't do all my shopping here since the items did to be a bit more on the expensive side, but it's always a treat and a trip that I enjoy.
5	Today's review is for the floral shop at Metcalfe's - I worked with Sally Rossmiller for flowers for my wedding, and she absolutely outdid herself with the arrangements she created!  I had a very specific look I wanted, and she was able to take the cute Pinterest photos I provided as inspiration and create truly spectacular arrangements using the elements I loved.  She worked hard to figure out which local flowers would be available at the time, and as a result we only had to have a few things that were sourced regionally instead of locally - very cool!! The flowers were all beautifully packaged and well labeled, as well, which made it easy for the folks setting up the morning of. Sally also had some great ideas that contributed to our day, as I probably wouldn't have gone hunting for vintage lace for my bouquet handle without prompting.  It made a lovely addition.  I can't recommend her work more highly, and I am so happy with the addition they made to our special day.
5	Metcalfe's is what all supermarkets should aspire to be.  I have never been to a supermarket that has its combination of size, local products and management.  It carries everything from value (Sentry Brands) to premium version of products.  They also GIVE out free Sunday papers.  There is no low end of purchase to get this offer - I bought a pack of gum for under a dollar and they asked if I wanted a newspaper.  Righteous!Every department runs extremely well.  I've never had a problem with rotten or outdated goods while shopping.  The staff are plentiful and friendly. Even at the busiest times, they staff cashiers smartly and the lines are rarely longer than three deep. During the late afternoon and early evening, you are bound to run into a vendor providing samples of their local product.  Unlike every other store I went to, it's often an owner or manager that handles the stand.  Frequently they even have WINE!  Delicious wine at that. Local foods and brands are center stage here.  They are clearly identified as local on their display.  You'll see local everywhere from the bakery, frozen foods and cheeses (of course).The only critique is that the deli prepared foods and the bakery are good, but not great.  If I have a little more disposable income, I go down the road to Whole Foods to get my prepared deli/bakery fix.  With that written, I am very picky and their deli is much superior to Copps (read my review of the very sad S. Park Copps -- I really deserve Metcalfe's!) or other like grocers. Although Whole Foods has a short list of better prepared products (for example, their deli and bakery), they cost so much more (it's referred to as "Whole Paycheck" for a reason) and have nowhere near the variety and local selection Metcalfe's has.Tips:  1 - Be careful in the parking lot.  Their are many patrons that have lost their driving skill (think that South Park episode) and it may be frightening at times.  Drive very defensively and always given certain drivers the right of way.2 - Like their Facebook page for insight on demos and events.  For example, last month they had a three-day cheese tasting event hosted by cheesemakers in town for the American Cheese Society Conference. 3 - If you must use plastic bags, Metcalfe's has the best in the business - they are an awesome green (some sort of implied "gentle" dig, I know ... but whatever) and very sturdy.  I use those for my small wastepaper baskets - they look and hold up better than anything I paid Hefty for...
3	The GoodLots of local foodDelicious pre-made food optionsPretty decent bakeryThe BadNot a lot of options for staplesA little hard to navigateThe UglyPrice are sometimes just too high for my taste
5	I absolutely LOVE Metcalfe's.... I mean come on... who doesn't love low Grocery costs and TONS of samples! The people who work here are incredible and are always really helpful when trying to find something. It's a grocery store so I can't say too much but I always love coming here for some reason to get groceries.
4	What a stellar local sweets section! That island near the registers... I know you put it there for people like me to fill their healthy cart with sweets at the last moment. GODDAMN YOU FOR BEING SO RIGHT.Madison's own Gail Ambrosius & Candinas chocolates, and Christine's Gourmet Toffee. Sweet Monkees cookies and Eastside Ovens vegan cookies (chocolate chip/peanut butter chocolate chip heyoo) all from Milwaukee. Shopping local never tasted so suhhhhweeeeeet!
5	This place is like heaven to me. Yes, it's a little overwhelming. Yes, it's a little overpriced. But that spells the makings to a great grocery store to me! The selection is second to none...especially for us gluten free folk. Produce is phenomenal. And if you haven't tried them yet their marinated chicken breasts turn a normally boring meal into a flavor explosion. (Seriously, try them.) If there's something specific you're looking for, you're bound to find it here.Only things I'd say they can improve upon:1. The deli counter. I know it's supposed to be super good quality deli meats but every single time I've gotten some they are pretty dry. Maybe I'm just ordering the wrong kind? (Suggestions anyone?)2. The sushi area. I've never actually tried it but it always looks a little scary.3. The prepared foods section. I tried getting a salad or something here once and the man working behind the counter had no idea what was in anything. Since I'm gluten intolerant this can be pretty important. But even with these negatives, I keep coming back and actually look forward to going grocery shopping!
4	As I prepared to leave my daughter's family with a newborn and return home, I wanted to have some foods delivered to  make life a little easier for them.Metcalfe's confirmed for me on the phone that they do in fact cover our area.I ordered foods online, heard from the online shopping coordinator who had questions about my preferences, and received the order right on time during the bracketed period I had chosen on their website.All the ingredients were very fresh and now there is a kitchen full of food for them to eat during this winter weather.Thanks, Metcalfe's!!  A great experience and I look forward to ordering again soon.
5	It's a lovely store, with high quality products, and reasonable prices for what you get. I wouldn't go there for my weekly shopping, as it is a bit spendy, but once I have my staples, I will go there for different ingredients I can't get elsewhere, sustainable fish, great baked goods, stellar produce, high quality meats. If I want something special, they're one of the first places I go to.Their policy of highlighting local goods is fantastic. There are little yellow signs in every aisle to point out products made within 150 miles or so, each sign showing where the product was made and how far way it is.  When given a choice between a few products, if I know something supports my community, I will favor it.It's a very relaxing atmosphere to shop, too. I normally hate food shopping, but it is a pleasant experience, and I feel better when I am in there.That all goes away, though, in the parking lot, which is too small, and too crowded. I plan my trips for the middle of the day in the hopes to avoid too many people. It is the only bad part about shopping there.
5	I just have to add my bit, we love this store and do all our food shopping here do to the high quality food and the great staff especially Marvin! Thanks for doing a great job!
4	I would agree that Metclafe's is best for speciality foods and arrangements that you aren't going to find elsewhere. For me the shining star in this category would have to be their fantastic selection of cheeses. They offer every kind imaginable, prioritizing on showcasing local creameries. Well the prices may seem a little steep in comparison to the day to day connivence of Woodman's, it's well worth it for the premium selection of local and international cheeses.
3	I love this place, but now that they're not open 24/7 I never go here. They have fantastic quality, but the prices are definitely high. Woodman's is way cheaper, but the produce is hit or miss. The food bar is phenomenal, but they keep getting rid of my favorite stuff. This has never been my regular grocery store, but it was great for late night purchases. After all the stuff involving the owner and Brat Fest I'll probably never shop here again.
4	I'm on a Madison grocery store reviewing rage! Metcalfe's is pretty much Wisconsin's own version of Whole Foods. It has the same brightly lit displays and wide open layout. I think the prices are comparable as well.Metcalfe's carries all the local goodies (Potter's crackers, Mad Urban Bees honey, etc.) that Copps and Woodmans don't carry. Some items are a little more expensive than other places, but considering the convenience, I don't mind paying a couple cents extra to pick something up at Metcalfe's. I was looking to pick up some side dishes for a picnic, and decided to stop by the deli to peruse their prepared dishes. I ended up going with the signature potato salad, which a hit at the picnic! I'd say that Metcalfe's would be the place to stop after work to pick up groceries if you are too lazy or too tired to cook for the night because you could always make a pit-stop by the deli/hot foods/salad bar before exiting!
4	I've been going here for nearly a decade. Their meat section has definitely improved! They sell even the "throw away" cuts! I love organ meats and the odd bits and quality items are difficult to find in the Madison area! Their cheese section is quite good as well; they sell small ends left over from packaging cheese and it's a great way to try new cheeses! I do miss when they were open 24 hours. They also used to sell Bawls (favorite energy drink!) but I haven't seen it here for a few years now.  Over-all, I'd come here for more uncommon meat cuts, cheeses, and their excellent selection of fresh produce. Oh! And their to-go sushi is actually very good! I have never had a problem with their quality!
5	Metcalfe's offers the best fresh seafood selection in Madison; leaps and bounds above all other options to choose from! It's rare to find them (Midvale location) out of a certain item, or having something in their case that doesn't appear to have been caught in the last 12 hours. I make a commitment to always visit this location when I'm in the mood for fresh seafood & produce!
5	WOW!!  My boyfriend and I LOVE this place.  It is a treat for us.  We get lost in the cheese section for way too long.  The fresh fish, bakery and produce are just amazing.  Love the selection and atmosphere.  It is not in our neighborhood, so we don't shop here every week, but we try to go in once a month for some fun.
5	Can you really love a grocery store??? Metcalfes makes me think so. Great selection of products- everyday stuff and special stuff. They have the most fabulous selection of local products. They have a decent selection of "exotic" ingredients. It's clean. The staff knowledgeable and friendly.  Great Overall Grocery store. What I love about them.. An Awesome Hot Food Bar and Salad Bar. Seriously going here for lunch/dinner  you can chose between Chinese, sushi, pizza,  fried chicken, salad, soup, other hot foods and sandwiches. It is like a mini food court!! And the food is pretty darn good. LOVE their FOOD quality. Especially if you are looking for quick American Chinese that is not super greasy- this is seriously my go to- not a Chinese restaurant. So are there cons? As far at Grocery Stores go Metcalfes is not the most affordable. I do not do my regular shopping her for that reason. But that date night when you want to get good ingredients- This place. That weird ingredient a recipe call for- this place. Food for company- this place! Great quality produce- this place. Local favorites ( green bush, batch house bakery, summers kitchen, etc)- this place.
5	The newly remodeled Metcalfe's are a real treat to visit. I love their focus on sourcing from vendors as local as possible. When I want to purchase local meats, cheeses and other specialty products, I visit Metcalfe's first.Their deli, salad bar, soups and other pre-made items are delicious. The selection is so vast, it's overwhelming at times! I always find very friendly and helpful employees in the aisles. It's also handy to run in to the store whilst shopping at Hilldale.
4	I like going to different grocery stores and trying them out until I find something I really like from each store. As such I would find myself going to different stores every weekend to get a bunch of stuffs from each of them.For Metcalfe's it is their huge selection of meat, especially steak, pork and lamb. They have all the different cuts, including the usual rib eye, lamb ribs, steak etc to the not-so-typical liver, stomach, kidneys, tails etc. More than enough options to satisfy my creativity in cooking! It doesn't take a lot to realize they are more on the upscale end. Your everyday items are going to cost more than the nearby target and copps. For someone with the spending ability for healthier options, vegan options, organic options etc, this would be a good place for all your needs. Until I find a real job one day ~~~~ *wistful look*
2	This grocery store is constantly out of stock of wayyyyy too many items. At least half the time I go there, several of the items I am looking for are out of stock. Not only that, but the store is over-priced and not well laid out. Additionally, other patrons in the store seem to think they own the isles and aren't considerate of their fellow shoppers. The ONLY reason I stop back in from time to time is the convenient location, right next to Target, and close (relatively) to downtown.
