5	Dr. Hayner is definitely the best dentist I've been to.  The people that work at his office are extremely nice. Pat the secretary is always willing to help if you need to schedule or reschedule an appointment.  In each examining room, they have massage chairs and personal TV's like at the gym. This definitely makes for a better time at the dentist than usual. Dr. Hayner himself is also very cool.  He's sort of a "guy's guy", and is very nice and easy to get along with. He always makes a point to shake my hand and see how I'm doing whenever I'm there. There's a plaque in the waiting room that says that Dr. Hayner is one of the top 100 dentists in Pittsburgh.  I can see why.
5	Had the pleasure of visiting Dr. Hayner's office, I had a dental emergency,during a visit to Pittsburgh from my home in NYC.  Not only did he ask about my needs, he recommended different solutions.  I wish Dr. Hayner practiced in NYC.
5	Goes above and beyond each and every time -- I can't say enough great things about Dr. Hayner and his professional staff.
5	I was visiting Pittsburgh from California when a pain in my jaw started to become thoroughly unbearable.  I was referred to Dr. Hayner by my dental insurance company and his staff found an appointment for me within a few hours.  He took x-rays and did a basic examination and determined that the tooth would need a root canal when I got home.  He got me set up with some antibiotics to get me through the remainder of my trip and put together an email with medical details and the x-ray attached so that I could forward these to my dentist when I returned.  He and his staff were very friendly and knowledgeable, and his office is conveniently located about three blocks from the convention center.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a dentist in downtown Pittsburgh.
5	Dr. HAYNER is the most kind and gentile dentist in this city. I am so grateful and happy with my experience with him.
5	Dr. Hayner has provided me with exceptional dental service. His ability to perform effectively makes a huge difference when choosing the right dentist. I believe I made the right choice from the day I stepped foot into his office. Dr. Hayner and his staff are extremely knowledgeable and communicate very well, not only within the office, but with patients as well. Thank you Dr. Hayner for your extraordinary services that you have provided me with and future services!
5	Dr Hayner was my dentist in Pittsburgh from 2003 through 2007 and he was simply outstanding. I arrived in his office quite scared of the dentist based on my previous poor dental experiences. Dr Hayner went about diagnosing the problems, prioritizing them, and systematically rectifying them. He completely restored my faith in the dental industry. One thing I particularly appreciated was his honesty in referring me to the UPMC dental hospital to rectify a problem that was beyond his expertise (a botched root canal and crown performed by my previous dentist) and working together, the doctors redid the work properly and I have had no problems since. Great job Dr Hayner!
5	I just had a back massage and enjoyed "Ellen" while getting my teeth cleaned. NEED I SAY MORE?  But seriously.  My experience with Dr. Hayner's office started out on a great note.  Rebecca was able to schedule me within a week's time and, upon arrival, Jill cleaned my teeth like no one has ever cleaned my teeth before.  It didn't tickle, but I'm pretty sure I'm Crest's new mouth model due to her cleaning prowess.  My visit with Dr. Hayner was short and sweet; and he made some good recommendations in regards to solving some persistent tooth sensitivity.  And, if you're interested, they'll outfit you with a pro-whitening kit for $200.  Not too shabby.  I was in the chair at my appointment time of 10:20 on the nose (on the tooth?), and out of it by 11:15.  Dare I say I'm looking forward to my next visit?  Maybe...
5	I haven't been to the dentist in awhile.. I might have been 16 my last visit. I was feeling some sensitivity while eating sweets and figured i probably had 10+ cavities. Once again, I trusted Yelp and used it to search a dentist (as well as my insurance's in-network providers) That is how i found this office.The receptionist Rebecca is so sweet! She scheduled me an appointment within a week and was able to get me into an early appointment. She greeted me kindly this morning. I was super nervous for this appointment!  I prayed that I didn't have to have any root canals. i even brought my Bible & read in the lobby-- as you can see I was literally terrified.....and then I met Jill! OH what a sweetie she is! She cleaned my teeth beautifully. I didn't have cavities in the spots that I thought, but I had a few (2?) up near my gums. Jill said that I must not be brushing high enough and gave me a quick "brushing 101" lesson.. as well as flossing! She was literally so kind and sweet the entire time!  I was completely relaxed while in the massage chair. the "Today" show was on and Jill was surprised to see what Pitbull looks like "does he always wear suits?".. I giggled. "yeah his female back-up dancers surely don't though" After the cleaning and a check up from Jill, Dr Hayner came in to look over my teeth as well and confirmed the cavities. He suggested that I have my wisdom teeth taken out since they are difficult for anyone to keep clean and I have a cavity on one, which may be hard to fill and for me to take care of afterwards. I think he seen the worry on my face "I literally cry from a papercut" I said. "No worries, it'll be at an oral surgeon & he'll numb you just like we will for your fillings"Rebecca was able to schedule my cavity fillings asap & I'm counting down the next 6 months for Jill to clean my teeth again. They felt fabulous all day! I left with a new toothbrush, Sensodyne toothpaste to help with my sensitivity & a smile (whiter than before the cleaning). Who would've thought since I came in shaking in my knees.
5	I recently moved from NYC to Pittsburgh. Top notch.  Dr. Hayner is an amazing cosmetic dentist.  I was referred to Dr Hayner and I couldn't be happier.  Professional, Perfectionist, and Passionate about his work.  I had 6 Veneer Crowns and I couldnt be happier.  By far the best cosmetic dentist in Pennsylvania.
5	I was in town on business and experiencing pain after having dental work back home.  I walked in to Dr. Hayner's office with no appointment and no idea what it would entail or cost to have my problem fixed.  Rebecca the receptionist was exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable and I was seen immediately.  The hygienist was also friendly and efficient.  I was even pleasantly surprised by the massaging chair!  Dr. Hayner was one of the most friendly dentists I've ever met, he listened patiently and I felt like I was important, not just a rush job to be done.  He explained everything he was doing and thankfully it was an easy fix.  He expertly addressed the issue and I was pain-free instantly.  He hardly charged me for his time. My the entire experience with Dr. Hayner was a pleasant one - he asked about my profession and gave me great tips about the city and site-seeing.  I wish his dental practice was in my hometown!   I'd definitely go there again and highly recommend him to anyone in the Pittsburgh area.
