5	Dr. Drew is at a new place at 5150 N. 16th St. #B250, Phoenix. SOOO Glad I found him again. His expertise in adjustments is Superior.
5	Dr. Drew is wonderful! I have been seeing him for a while now due to a car accident. At first I could barely move because of the pain but after not very long he got it to be manageable and now whenever the pain flairs up I just call and he adjusts the problematic spots.
5	I've been seeing Dr Drew for over a year now and can't imagine what shape I'd be in without his weekly adjustments.  I originally found Dr. Drew through the franchised chain he used to work at.  Call me crazy, but I don't think it's good to have more than one person work on your back, so I was always religious about going when I knew he'd be working.  I'm so glad he's at this new location where A) you don't have to worry about the nightmare parking lot of the old place B) you can make an appointment and C) he's able to use additional techniques and offer complimentary therapies (decompression, massage therapy, etc) that weren't available at the other place.Dr Drew's a great doctor and I trust him 100% when it comes to my chronic back and neck pain.  He really cares about his patients and will listen to what you need each time.  He's also super affordable and flexible with payment; he'll check your insurance benefits for you, has flexible packages (no use it or lose it here!), and you can also use your FSA dollars!
5	I've spent a fair amount of time shopping around for a chiropractor I liked and went to many first appointments but never went back for a second appointment because I was so underwhelmed by the quality of care provided and the disregard of my requests from the provider. Call me fussy, but when my health is involved I will search until I find the right provider who listens to what I want done rather than assume that they know what's best for me. I do actually live in my body after all so I know what it responds to and what it doesn't respond well to.I lucked into finding Dr Drew at a local franchise. When he first adjusted my back I knew I would stick with him as long as I can because I told him which adjustment methods worked for me and he listened and then used only those methods. After a few visits, he tried something new, but asked about it before plowing along with it. I really appreciate that he asked me before pressing forward.Dr Drew has since moved from the franchise and it is so much easier to go see him now. I can set an appointment (even same day appointments or via text) and not have to sit and wait for a long time. I can receive a massage, decompression, or other complementary services to help with pain management. But perhaps best of all, everyone is friendly, courteous, and professional and the atmosphere is positive and relaxing.
5	Amazing Chiropractor! Impossible to find one with greater skill and value in this area. I first saw Dr. Richetto when he was at the joint and I was happy that I was able to track him down! Understands bodies like mine with 30+ years of weight training. Highly recommended!
5	While having some back problems a friend suggested I see a chiropractor.  I decided to look on Yelp and  I found Dr. Drew the other day. I've been to see him twice this week and my back feels great. I also saw Dre for a massage and she was great as well.  I highly recommend him for all your Chiropractic needs.
