5	My arty daughter usually gets gift vouchers for this shop and I love chumming her to spend them. It stocks real equipment for artists, but also stock kits that you could use with children. I sometimes pick up specialst paper here for card making. The staff are very good and know the stock. When my daughter was starting out they gave her some very good advice on what to buy. If you can't spend your whole gift voucher they'll just take off what you've spent, giving you more time to consider your purchases.
4	This shop has almost all art supplies you may need. They also have a student discount which is a pro. All the stock is very good quality and hence comes with a slightly higher price than you may find say in a supermarket. Keep your eyes peeled for notices for various art classes and art exhibitions. They have a very big selection of these amazing Japanese marker pens, which I can never get enough. The shopkeeper is lovely and chatty, and if you can't find anything, it's best to ask, because the shops small size makes it quite crammed with stuff. All in all, a great place to quench your artistic thirst for equipment, and with the student discount it makes it a bit more affordable.
4	I'm not an artistic person, at all. My limits are stick men and badly done still lifes. On occasion however, I get gripped by a need to be creative, and this is where I always seem to end up.A fantastic little shop, full of all sorts of artsy and crafty things for the more serious atist. As such, being a bit of a once-in-a-blue-moon kind of artist, I often feel intimidated entering Grayfriars Art Shop - bad for me, but I'm sure for those of you who do this all the time, it will be fine.There is so much stuff in this small shop, its a wonder it doesnt all just explode out of the windows. The staff always seem super friendly, and they definatly know thier stuff. They are all a bit expensive looking, and while I just tend to buy the cheapest set of pencils and pad i can find, I know that some of the stuff here must be very high quality - if the price tag is tobe believed.I'm sure this place must be a God send for all artisits, and its pretty cool for us doodlers too.
