3	Park Central Mall tends to consist of a swarming mass of people Monday through Friday during the lunch rush. Park Central Deli seems to be one of the major draws for nearby execs on a tight schedule, but I personally don't see the draw.The interior is enormous. There is enough seating for a massive amount of patrons. A metal guide rail is in place directly in front of the order counter. Now, I'm not the smallest guy around but I'm definitely not the biggest either. Making my way down the counter along the guide rails left me feeling a little claustrophobic. After placing your order, you can see the crew directly behind the counter as they slice fresh cuts of pastrami, corned beef and barbecue beef. Watch them prepare your sandwich before your eyes, pile on the french fries (and a pickle). The cooks move fast. I've dined here during the week and I felt like a mouse being guided through a maze. If time is of the essence during your work week then this may be a good option. The price for a sandwich and fries was a little steep, however. It tasted alright, but even as I write this I can still feel it sitting like a brick in my stomach. If you have a sensitive digestive tract, this may not be the place for you. Pastrami and corned beef are fairly fatty and you'll pay the price... all day. Come prepared with some Tums.Breakfast is served in the early hours of the day and catering is available for any events you may be heading up.
4	I think this place used to be the Miracle Mile Deli? Anyway, as the Park Central Deli it hasn't changed much.This is one of the busiest places in downtown Phoenix, and it is huge for a Deli. I had a great pastrami sandwich with "straw" (sauerkraut and cheese). They have a "lite" version with turkey too. I noticed they offer enchiladas, salads, and plenty of other options as well.They have a nice patio area if you prefer to dine outside.
4	If you are in the downtown area and need a quick lunch or a good sandwich this would be the place to go.. Walking in it kind of has a half cafeteria half restaurant feel. Inside it is huge, allowing it to handle big crowds and when you order you make your way down the guide rails and watch them make your food. There are tons of choices and tons of seating.  They also have a relaxing patio. Food was good, I got the hot pastrami sandwich on french with provolone. So good, traveling to New York and Boston I've had some amazing hot pastrami sandwiches, living here not many places offer it hot so finding this place was awesome. My friend got the New Yorker, which is pastrami and slaw sandwich, which he loved. For sides, I got fries, I love fries and I wasn't a huge fan, you can tell they were frozen (bad sign), my friend got the pasta salad and he said it was pretty good. Other good points, they serve breakfast, they deliver and they allow call in orders and ask what time do you want it ready and instead of telling you what time to come. They have beer, wine and a bunch of other drink options. Bad points, say no to the fries, traffic on central is horrible because of the light rail (I was trying to make a left and couldn't because a ROW of four cars coming the other way were all trying to make a left at the same time! What the hell?), and they are only open to 7pm..
3	Park Central Deli is OK.  If you are expecting Kosher Style corned beef as you've had in cities back east you will be disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, it's pretty good corned beef.  But it's goyeshe corned beef.  Different thing.  I had the straw, similar to a rueben.  Onion roll, grilled sauerkraut & swiss on the corned beef.  Park Central has the feel of a big cafeteria but not in bad way.   The food is fast and quality.  I would definitely return for lunch if I were in the neighborhood.  They have lots of seating and a nice outdoor patio area with a Koi pond.
4	I didn't think I'd like it, but I've eaten there several times and enjoyed everything I've gotten. The straw is good, the new yorker is great, and my favorite is the brisket on sourdough with swiss. The chili is also good, and I hear great things about the burgers. I agree with Jim W. - fast and quality(this is not a date place)
4	funny I have yet to review this place considering I eat here at least once a week. I love the food. The Straw sandwich is one of my faves. It's pastrami or corned beef with cole slaw and kraut on a bread of your choosing. Everyday they have a daily special. Tuesdays are a good day as the specials are turkey with all the trimmings or meatloaf. The meatloaf is very tasty. The last time I ordered it I thought the mashed potatoes that came with it were a bit too whippped up. I like my potatoes slightly lumpy.This place is usually packed around lunch time, so beware as the lines can be long, but usually go fast. I have been here for breakfast and dinner and those are the less busy times. It can almost be a ghost town around those times.I recommened breakfast here as it's very good and affordable. Where I think their prices for lunch and dinner are a bit much, breakfast is pretty cheap and you get a decent amount of food.
3	Park Central Deli. Not to be confused with Central Park Deli on the upper westside. There a few similarites. Believe me Nancy. On the poz side for PCDCLEAN! Super, mega clean. Very impressed. I could see my reflection in the shiny floors. And I almost ran into a busboy while admiring myself, but dayum, them was some clean tiles!FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL! Yes, the sandwich experts behind the counter were most polite and efficient. On the negativo side for PCDWell. The sandwich. Ugh. And that's why I"m there. Rye was dry. Pastrami was, um, well, what the hell ryhmes with pastrami. Um, oh, I know....pastrami was no a yummy...OK. I'm trying people. And the slaw. You know what I'm gonna say. The slaw...drum roll please.... WAS BLAH! As in bland. Not sweet. Not sour. Ugh.On the poz side for CPD....Well it's in New York baby! What else do you need?There's a surprisingly fabulous, modern patio at PCD. Seriously worth checking out for a "mall" establishment. I'll go back. Perhaps to try another deli delight. Or maybe to hurl my sandwich in the Koi pond. Even though the sign says not to feed the fish. HA! I'm de elited and a rebel biatches!!!!!And maybe, just maybe, I'll wear my I HEART NY t shirt.
4	DISCLAIMER: This isn't really a review.  I only got soup from here (had my stupid tooth pulled the day before), so I can't really make an honest review.  So this is just a few feelings and vibes I got from the place.I was shocked into wide-eyedness upon opening the doors to this place.  I thought it was just a little deli.  Remember folks, I'm new to Phoenix so I don't know stuff.  But this place is HUGE!!!  And BUSY!!!  And...HUGE!!!When my eyes finally registered what was in front of me, I was like "Wow, really?!  A cafeteria line?!  Sweet!"  I literally stumbled a bit out of surprise.A wrap around line on one side, and then another around the corner.  I think there was like a drink station on the other side.  I thought this was going to take a while, but NO WAY!  That line moved faster than a line for free stimulus checks signed by Obama himself.  The guys behind the glass know what the heck they are doing.  You get the feeling these guys went to school somewhere for sandwich making.  (I actually just Googled 'universities with sandwich names' so I could insert a joke here...to no avail)The swiftness with which these guys and gals slapped those sandwiches together made me smile and look on like a kid.  It was exciting.  It was fun.  No joke.The soup was only like 3 bucks, but the sandwiches and entrees got a little expensive.  You'll get outta there about $10 lighter.  For lunch just for one day, that's a bit much for me.  But MANOHMAN!!!  The meat looked so juicy and tender and scrumptious...I wanted to hold everyone up at gun point so I could make away with all the meat.  The price is high, but the sandwiches that I saw moving along that slider were stacked just as high.  You'll get your money's worth.A place is doing something right when they make you want to come back asap.  I mean like tomorrow.  I hope the food is as good as it looks, or as good as the herds of people spilling in and out of there suggest it is...
3	Ok, I went back the very next day and ordered the brisket sandwich.  Again, the sight of that juicy meat stacked high in its bin was almost enough to make me hurt someone just for a taste.  No hurting needed, though.  I ordered and the service was top notch once again.  A little laughs this time, even.The sammich is huge; stacked full of meat.  I knew I was in for a man's meal, so I piled up on the napkins...not needed.  To my surprise, as sloppy as this sandwich could have been, it stayed in order on the bun.  Of course a few scraps fell off, but I refrained from just plucking those into my mouth right away...I wanted the experience of the first bite of the sandwich.It was....only ok.  MAN!!!  Darn it, I was hoping that it tasted as good as it looked and smelled.  But the brisket was simply not seasoned well enough.  Don't get me wrong, the juicy tenderness of it along with having just the right amount of fat (gotta love fat) made me scarf it down as though it were edible golden nuggets.  But each bite left something to be desired.And again, the price was not too much fun for me.  I spent like $10 for a sandwich and fries.  A less-tasty-than-it-should-have-been sandwich at that.  I will give this place another try, just because its so cool and the service is so good.  I really like their menu offerings, so maybe I'll find something worth the price.
4	I met up with a couple of pals last week for lunch here.  The Park Central Deli has a lot of memories for me, as I've been going there over 20 years, first with my grandparents growing up, as a regular lunch when I worked in the area when I got my first job and occasionally visits now.  Of course, I don't know it as the PCD, it will always be Miracle Mile to me.  I mean, the food is the same, the menu appears to be the same, and I swear that the lady working my register is the same lady who used to be there during the Miracle Mile days.  I get the same thing about 90% of the time here.  Brisket on kaiser.  The quality can go up and down depending on the day (side note:  seems like the locations that kept the Miracle Mile name aren't as good on the brisket as this, one of the two original locations is), and this recent batch was pretty good.  (note 2:  I also make a mean non-bbq brisket, so I know of what I speak here).  The horseradish was nice and hot like usually, which gives a nice kick to the sandwich.  Only downside was that the fries seemed as if they weren't the freshest.  Overall a solid meal, just as I'd expect.Due to the fries not being top quality, four stars on this visit, but whenever I have the chance, I try to stop in for the great grub and the nice memories.
2	This place sucks.  If you're going to pay over 10 bucks for a meal consisting of a sandwich, fries, and a drink, it better have actual table service.  This place is a cafeteria style establishment which serves inferior versions of all your favorite deli sandwiches.  I've eaten at this place for lack of alternatives within walking distance of where I worked, but eventually decided that as far as overpriced sandwiches are concerned, Duck and Decanter across the street is a notch above this.
4	One if the client guys took me here for lunch.The pastrami sandwich does taste great in the special bun. The beef is juicy and tender. The fries are supper crispy as well.The only downside is the sandwich with fries with a regular drive cost almost $12. That's bit too much for lunch.
3	Went here today for lunch. Got the beef brisket sandwich with provolone on onion potato bun with fries and a soda. The beef was super tender and juicy and the fries were some of the best I've ever had (they're battered and very crispy). The downfall is that this is somewhat of a cafeteria environment (noisy and you stand in line to get your food) and they still charge nearly $12 for a sandwich, side, and soda. I was also not asked to pick my side - I wanted soup - but they threw the fries on there without asking. While the food was delicious, it was overpriced with mediocre service. I might go back but it's unlikely.
4	Stopped in to this BIG restaurant for lunch today, & ordered their "Hot Roasted Turkey Sandwich with all the Trimmings"; the trimmings being mashed potatoes & turkey gravy, dressing, & a side cup of cold, full-fruit style cranberry sauce.Here's how it was for me:*  A friendly greeting from the manager (owner?) when I entered!*  Fast, friendly service on the cafeteria style food serving line!*  A generous plate of food...  really piled up!Now this was not quite as amazing as the same order at My Mother's Restaurant, where you get an even bigger hot turkey sandwich PLUS a trip to the salad bar, for only 29 cents more!  With that said, this meal here at Park Central Deli was delicious, & an excellent value at $7.99.  I'm very likely to return!    :-))
2	i work really close to this place, so it's ultra convenient. but i reserve it in case of emergency only. the veggie sandwich i first receive was the topping for a burger: lettuce, tomato and onion on bread. that was it. i realized this before paying and asked for some extra veggies, a slice of cheese and some mustard. talk about not delish. but it filled the hole.they also just started this second counter inside the deli called the inner grill. grilled sandwiches, smaller portions and cheaper prices. i got the caprese: mozzerella, pesto and tomato on baguette, grilled. usually simple and good. this time? not so much. meh.
4	Great Deli. I had the "New Yorker" which consists of pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing on an AMAZING onion Roll. Would go back just for the roll! Everything that I had was great but the prices are high ($8-9 for a lunch plus the drink).
1	Horrible. Rude service, little to no options for vegetarians, overpriced for portion size. Rock hard flavorless tomatoes, etc. My egg salad had shells in it. When I complained they looked at me like there was nothing wrong, no offer of a refund/replacement, just a shrug and "oh". Would not return, I always give restaurants a 2nd chance because mistakes do happen, but their complete lack of caring has resulted in a lost customer for life, they do not deserve a chance to redeem themselves.
4	This is a big deli that knows how to get people fed at lunchtime. That's what they do and they do it well. People from the East Coast that I bring here for business lunches are uniformly impressed. It compares favorably with some of the more popular and venerable delis in Manhattan. The signature pastrami/brisket/bbq sandwiches are the main attraction, and are quite tasty. It's a good, very basic, proletarian eating establishment.So that's what Park Central Deli does well.What it doesn't do well is provide comfort to people with vegan/vegetarian diets. It also doesn't do well by people looking for affectations and decor, or a place to pose with various Apple products while wearing earth-tone turtlenecks and drinking expensive coffee. Don't come here if any of the above might be you.This is not a hair salon. This is a barbershop. You go to Park Central Deli to eat, just like you go to a barbershop to get a haircut.Enjoy!
1	This place is always very busy at lunch time and I dont understand. They serve high priced super lame cafeteria food. This falls just below fussali for the worst dining option at park central.
4	I've had breakfast here a few times and it's cheap, quick, and tasty.
4	Despite the somewhat extravagant price ($12 and change per person!) and indifferent service, my coworker and I were suitably impressed with our sandwiches and the speed at which we were able to obtain them at the height of lunch hour. Bonus points for crushed ice, Cherry Coke and an air conditioned patio.
3	Tried the Atkins plate, corned beef, cottage cheese.  The beef was good. Fine Deli cottage cheese. A bit expensive.
4	Great spot for lunch! I ordered the chicken salad & was surprised when I got back to my office that it came with fries. More than enough food for a fair price. Service was quick & there were plenty of open seats if we would have ate in.
3	It is a clean place and they have good service. The Koi pond is pretty cool. The sandwich I ordered was pretty awful, don't get the turkey because it is like packaged meat you can buy at a supermarket. The prices were on par with other delis, but you can get a much better sandwich for the same price elsewhere.
1	This place is weak! I've heard of and seen this place before ,was in area stopped for a sandwich today, worst people working there seriously rude! I paid 17 bucks for sandwich a side and two drinks for that price it's should be good and have great service, I was blown away bye how basically mean the people were and the sandwiches were totally regular nothing special I watched the guys basically throw my sandwich together with distain he even had to make it! I will never go there again and will tell everyone I know ,the place sucks!!!
4	Great asparagus split pea Parmesan soup! Cesar salad had a bit too much dressing. But chicken on it was perfect!
4	Just when I thought Phoenix couldn't get any more awesome, I run into this place by happenstance. A real deli that offers as many meat and bread combinations as I can conjure up? I'll accept that challenge.So after looking over all the options on the menu, I was firmly convinced that I wanted everything... then reality set in. I ordered the combo specialty sandwich(Hot Pastrami and corned beef) on an onion roll. It was spectacular. The bread was soft and the meat was abundant, wonderfully flavored,and perfectly heated. This is my new go-to deli in the valley.
5	Classic Deli in downtown Phoenix, use to be a Miracle Mile when Park Central was a real mall. I order the Pastrami on Onion every time. It is so fresh and good you can't switch to anything else. They are quick to get you in and out for your lunch plus they always provide great service and generous portions. Never had a bad meal here. Better than getting a burger for lunch.
2	I like Miracle Mile Better... We had 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks 28.00 ... Who charges 2.18 for a drink... They were cheap on the BBO...
3	This place is always relatively clean, always packed at lunch. I wish I could say I loved this place, its so close.I've eaten here 40+ times, not because it is the best but because it is right across the walk from my job.  The people behind the counter are friendly though over all don't speak very fluent english.I think when ordering here you have to know what to order. A lot of the food is very heavy, the rolls for the sandwiches are always dry to me, I really like the open faced turkey sandwich (they only have it a few times a week) but its VERY heavy and a carb load to boot with mashed potatoes and stuffing with everything  covered in gravy. I never finish it, but hot turkey for lunch is amazing just mostly don't eat the sides.Also for the quality of food they offer, I would think that the prices would be better, but I guess if its packed and so convenient that everyone is willing to pay, why not charge whatever you want?I must say this, and this is the reason I would choose 3 stars over 2... The breakfast is amazing, I've tried a few different things and the one thing that I like the most (and am most picky about) is my eggs, and they have never been anything but perfect there and I like thier homefries in the morning.
4	Love this place! Always hopping and busy. Very quick and clean service! I get the straw on a onion bun. It's to die for!
4	I consider Park Central Deli somewhere I come to when I want a treat. I've been coming to this location since it was still Miracle Mile, and honestly I think they have only gotten better since they opened without the MM name. The food is always fresh and well prepared, they work diligently to keep it clean, and the staff are all very welcoming and friendly. My favorite menu item is something you can't seem to find many other places - BBQ pastrami. The only other place that serves it is their predecessor, Miracle Mile. However, MM's is not as good. Here at PCD, the is chopped quite thoroughly and slow simmered in the sauce. At MM, I've had some really bad versions of the sandwich. Give them a try, they will not disappoint you.
3	Pastrami is one of my favorites, and Park Central serves up my preferred pastrami sandwich in the central city area. Quality has dipped, as the meat seems to be of a lower quality these days, and honestly for the price they charge, you'd think they'd give you a bit more per sandwich. The line staff is kind (in English) but talks about some of the customers in Spanish quite loudly. I find it amusing, as I haven't heard anything about me yet. A good sandwich to be had. (when you can't make it to miracle mile)
2	Go for breakfast, they have very good pancakes and omlet. Never very go their for lunch.
5	The Triple Decker with pastrami is pretty much my favorite thing ever. Even if the service and atmosphere were awful, which it's not, I would still totally come here for this sandwich. In fact I'm surprised crack dealers aren't selling this sandwich on the corner, because it's so good that I would buy it from them. I have visited some of New York's most famous deli's and so far have found nothing that even comes close.
1	The service was horrible and the food was atrocious. It was worse than bar food. I couldn't even finish my sandwich. Pretty much paid $9 for a diet coke and I'm still hungry and have to find somewhere else to eat.
3	Come here for the pastrami or corned beef.  They are the best in Phoenix.They serve other food, but the pastrami is the star of this place.  The meat is warm and tender and it is perfect with sauerkraut & Swiss cheese.Me and my co-workers go here at least once a week, and I have tried other things on their menu, but sad to say they are only average.So if you want if you want the best pastrami or corned beef, come here, otherwise find another place.
4	Consistently good catered sandwiches, pasta salads, and pickles! A lunch time favorite.
4	A great deli with good food and service.Park Central  is a great traditional deli with a large varied menu. Today we had the sloppy Joe and it was very good, as were the side dishes and desserts.  Our Sloppy Joe sandwiches were big, very big, and very flavourful  and Park Central  doesn't skimp on the meat. Even the children's  menu is a bargain. It's rare to find a deli where the food is good and still be able to satisfy my nephews craving for a grilled cheese sandwich. Deli staff comes around to see if you need a refill, napkins, or just to ask if you need your table cleared of dishes.  It is comon to see staff carrying food to tables for elderly patrons or mothers with small children.  What more can I say, good food, good  service.  A warm, friendly atmosphere where one feels like a valued customer.
2	Don't get the BLT. If you want a BLT in the area, go to Cut Above Cafe down the street. This place is over priced for the quality of food you get. You should be able to get a decent sandwich at a deli. This place honestly shouldn't even call themselves a deli.
