4	As far as the pizza, I've only had the thin crust here.  If you've ever had Quonset pizza in Waukeegan Illinois, you'd know the fan base they have there.  Little Sicily is probably the closest to Quonset in Arizona I've ever had.I never was a fan of thin crust pizza before...it reminded me of eating hot sauce and meat on a cracker...but ever since I had Quonset and now Little Sicily, I'm starting to see the error of my ways.  I still appreciate a good fluffy crust, however, and this place has both.Last night I decided to try the Chicken parmigiana.  Unfortunately, the server told us that the order had been put in as Veal.  I'm sure the veal is quite tasty, but I just can't bring myself to digesting it, not to mention it was more expensive than the chicken.  When the issue was brought up to the young girls who had taken the order, they began arguing about it saying they knew I ordered veal.I think I know what I order, especially since I don't eat veal.Meanwhile the chef listened to the girl bitch about the order with half an ear and winked at us grinning.The CHICKEN parmigiana, by the way, was extremely tasty with al dente angel hair pasta, fresh cheese melted under the broiler, a slightly sweet and tangy sauce, and perfectly cooked chicken.*The restaurant has since lost a star because the same girl blanked when we asked for cheese and pepper flakes.  DUH!It also seems to be a Bring Your Own Wine kind of place.  They have the glasses, but you supply the liquids.
4	In Surprise there are quite a few pizza places.. surprisingly many independents! LS is certainly another one to add to the delicious selections in the far west valley!We had the deep dish pizza.. okay, a bottom crust then they fill it with your toppings and cheese.. then they add a second crust and bake it off.. after which they add their red sauce into the well.. its more like a pie.. since there aren't to many places doing it this way my hat is WAY off for these guys. The sauce however is a bit to sweet for me so, next time it goes on the side. Also had the chicken cesar salad.. I was expecting grilled chicken but ended up being lightly coated and crispy.. was SO good! So there are still some surprises in Surprise. Not that many Yelpers will go here but its nice to know that there is more out in the west then bog box stores and chain restaurants.
5	This is our first winter in the Northwest Valley, and we needed to find a great pizza. As others have mentioned, Surprise has a surprising (pardon the pun) number of independent pizza places, along with all the usual suspects. Since we prefer unique, local establishements to ubiquitous national chains, we decided a blind taste test was in order. So we ordered medium cheese pizzas from Lucky's, Ray's and Little Sicily, then took them home, gathered some unbiased friends, and sampled each one side-by-side. The results? All 3 were good - much better than the nationals. But Little Sicily's regular cheese pizza was the unanimous stand-out of the group. The cheese was flavorful, the crust was thin (not greasy), and the sauce...well, having eaten many pizzas in NYC, Chicago and elsewhere, Little Sicily's sauce is pure heaven. It is rich and robust with a touch of sweetness - perfectly balanced with the cheese. Of the 5 individuals involved in the blind taste test, all 5 said Little Sicily's pizza ranked #1 in Surprise, and was among the top 3 pizzas ever tasted. Of course, the little shop is charming, and the people are super-friendly, and the customers are mostly regulars. But the pizza does most of the talking at Little Sicily. Tucked away on the side a seemingly endless strip mall, Little Sicily is truly a hidden gem, and definitely worth a try if you're craving pizza in its purest form. Enjoy!
3	I am from the suburbs of Detroit, Michigan and have experienced amazingly wonderful Chicago style deep dish, stuffed pizza.  Since moving to Surprise, I have been looking for a Greek Town Pizza Paplis or Chicago's Giordano tasting pizza.  If you are looking for that type of pizza, this is not it.This place is small with 10 tables. You order at the counter and they bring food to you. We ordered the fried mushrooms, pizza bread the Chicago style, deep dish, stuffed pizza.The fried mushrooms were served hot  with very crispy breading. The pizza bread is french bread with sauce and cheese on top.  It was pretty tasty. We ordered the pizza stuffed with canadian bacon, mushrooms and fresh garlic.  It had a bottom crust, stuffed with the toppings and cheese, then topped off with another crust and sauce.  Both crusts were crispy and not doughy.  The pie was overflowing and gooing with cheese.  The other toppings were a fair amount.Overall the food was good, we would go back there again and order something different.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.  I am still searching for a deep dish, stuffed pie that better suits my tastes.NOTE:  The smallest size is a medium and the pizza sauce is on the sweet side and they use canned mushrooms.  If you order the fresh garlic, there is definitely a strong garlic taste.
5	Simply no bullshit good Chicago-style pizza.Not the deep-dish heart-attack but the nice crisp crust, square-cut, cheesy goodness. Although deep and double-dough variations are tastily available.The beef steak sandwiches and stuffed peppers are awesome as well.Great prices, no need to order extra cheese here, they don't skimp.Good stuff.Highly recommended!Shit. Now I'm hungry for it!Go get some!
3	Hubby and I went out for "date night" and we like to choose "mom and pop"/ local places to support. I ordered Spag with sausage and he ordered Chicken Parm. Sausage was very tasty but spag lacked much seasoning (people! don't be afraid of garlic!). Chick parm had a tasty coating but again, the sauce needed some pizazz. Price was reasonable and incl a good, little salad, and yummy breadsticks. People next to us ordered a pizza which looked fab so we will try that and wings next time there. Service was standard but nothing to rant about and no one asked if we liked the meal. Oh well. We will give 'em another try though.
4	For someone used to East Coast Pizza, Little Sicily was great for Arizona. Service was quick, nice place.  Will definitely go there again when visiting Arizona.
5	We are so glad that our neighbors took us to this little gem of a place last night for dinner. This little family owned restaurant is tucked in a shopping plaza in Sun City. They pride themselves in making their delicious homemade Italian dishes, but most importantly, it's all about their pizza. I am officially converted I must say...I've never been a fan of thin crust pizza like this!  Also, I'm not always a fan of Italian sausage on my pizza, but after eating here, I now know why, most places aren't using true Italian sausage and ingredients like this place. The owner will tell you himself, this ain't no New York "pizza pie, we don't serve pies, this isn't a bakery, we serve PIZZA!"  This is authentic Chicago style pizza, and as we ordered, we saw the owner himself had his hands in the making of it, I love this! I also love that the owner recognizes his regulars  (most of which are Italian) and greets them all if he's not too busy...heck, he even sat and chatted with us at our table! This tells you how special his customers are to him. As if all of this wasn't good enough already, it gets better, you can BYOB/W here and he'll even provide the wine and beer glasses! This place also caters. Recommendation: start with the antipasto salad, 4 can share this, have the pizza, and end with the most delicious cannoli and a cup of coffee, yum!!!
5	Never had Chicago Italian food before, As I grew up in NYC, But bought the Veal Parmesan Sub and I have to say it was Delicious. Very nice owner & staff. I will surely will go back to try something new. Thanks so much !
1	Probably the worst pizza i've had in a long time. Sloppy, too much cheese and under-cooked.  Do yourself a favor and go across Reems rd to Ray's pizza and get yourself a top-notch pizza pie.
4	Once again, family was out to try something new! I was in the mood for pizza. I noticed there were quite a few pizza joint in this area! So this was the first one we tried. We order a pepperoni and green peppers pizza well done, spaghetti and meatballs, and chicken Parmesan. The pizza was good, I enjoyed the flavors, pepperoni, cheese, and sauce was very good. I am not sold on the crust! But overall the pizza was still good. The spaghetti was very good, especially the meatballs! It takes a lot for me to like meatballs and these were one of the best I have tasted. Daughter hardly gave me a chance to taste the chicken Parisian, but what I did taste was really good, they do like to pile on the cheese, that's the way to get my daughters heart! Over all we had a great time, we love the small mom and pops atmosphere, and we will probably come back soon!
4	This is by FAR the best pizza in Surprise. I am from Chicago and I have been searching and searching for good Chicago pizza! I was so happy when I found this place. The people who work there are charming and I like that I can bring my own drinks. I highly recommend Little Sicily!
4	Had a medium Canadian bacon pineapple.  Very good, quality cheese, did to go, took them 30-40 minutes (Friday).  The place was packed!
5	Hands down the best pizza in the valley!  " morire di affamato " This heavenly place was near my employment on the weekend, I decided to try them out before work. Now its my weekend ritual, trust me give them a chance and you will be pleased!
5	I love their beef sandwiches and thin crust pizza. It is just like being back in Chicago. Love it!
5	Great pizza and the best Italian beef in AZ and very friendly service. The kids enjoyed the food here too. This place has no alcohol but you can byob!
5	The only thing better than the service is the food!  Fantastic pizza!  No skimping on toppings!
5	Mama Mia...Now that's a pizza pie!My husband and I have lived in Surprise for SEVEN years and we just tried Little Sicily for the first time.  I really wanted pizza and even though Barros's is a block away, I refuse to go there ever again!  So, for years we have heard good things and tonight we pulled the trigger.  Seriously, THE BEST!  We ordered the Little Sicily pizza and it was perfection, you never find a pizza where there is so many quality toppings and so little crispy crust.  We also got 12 medium wings.  Now, I wasn't as crazy for the wings as my husband but they were good, the medium is pretty mild for those of us who like a little heat.  We will try them again with a hot or BBQ sauce.Anywho...GREAT place and worth your time.  Thank you Little Sicily for providing good service and a great pizza at a fair price.  We will be back because you guys are the pizza ninjas!
5	I thought I would give this pizza a try tonight, first impressions, it was packed when I went in that's always a good sign. It's a little cramped but it's workable. I was greeted promptly by the young women at the counter, I placed an order for the little Sicily special and 12 hot wings, at first I was told they was a hour wait, then a cook came from the back and said 30 mins, I can live with that..I think the hour wait was for delivery.Ok, I wanted to post this, your pizza rocks!!! I purchased the Little Sicily Pizza and it was off the hook... The thin crust is perfect the amount of sauce you use is perfect and it taste perfect! The sausage is plentiful as well as all the Peppeoni,mushrooms,onion and bell pepper. The young lady at the counter was awesome and took the time to tell me about other great items on the menu, and the manager also gave me a sample of the beef, wow it was great as well...the chicken wings I had were also very good as well , but I can't say enough about the pizza it was amazing... You have a new customer for life... Great job !!!!!
5	Went back to Little Sicily tonight a got a meat lovers, oh man another great pie... Got to figure out how to marry into this family...lolPeople go try this pizza you will not be disappointed , I'm working my way down the menu so more reviews are coming down the line..
5	CALLING ALL (authentic) CHICAGO STYLE DEEP-DISH PIZZA LOVERS!!Seriously, yum.  If I'm ever hungry for a little taste of Chicago, hubub and I immidiately think Little Sicily.  Quaint little place, order at the counter, delivered to the candle lit table type joint.  Also BYOB,  We've seen people with big coolers full of beer, and wine bottles.  We were never charged a cork fee, so I'm not sure they have one. The owner, as well as staff, knows everyone and is super accomodating and friendly.Deep dish is always perfect.  Quality ingredients, everything home made.Salads are always fresh.  Italian beefs made to order (I like mine soaked with an extra side of soak)
5	Excellent, authentic Chicago Stuffed Pizza!!!!!  I used to have it shipped to me from Gino's East in Chicago but now I eat here!  We LOVE this pizza.
3	I have been raised on deep dish pizza since I was a child so I am a huge deep dish pizza fan. When I read about Little Sicily's deep dish on Yelp, I had to try it. It's not bad. I had a take-out order. The girl who answered the phone told me 15 minutes, but when I arrived it took another 15 min or so for it to be ready, which is around the time a normal deep dish usually takes to make. They may have pulled my large sausage and mushroom pan (deep dish) pizza a little early because the crust was chewy and a bit doughy so I put it in my oven for a few minutes, then the crust seemed to be cooked properly.I didn't like the massive amount of garlic in the sauce. I love garlic, but it was way too much. If I didn't know any better, I thought they were trying to help us drive out all the vampires in Surprise. Also, I didn't care for the mushrooms. The mushrooms didn't seem fresh. They tasted like mushrooms out of a can.Overall, the large sausage and mushroom pan pizza was ok. When we get in the mood for deep dish, we will be back. When I took my first bite using a fork and knife (like a good deep dish is always eaten), I thought of Pequod's and Lou Malnati's.
5	Ate here today with my Dad, Uncle, Grandma and sister for lunch. Excellent service and very friendly. My sister asked the cashier lady if she could help cook and she told the owner, so my dad and her got to see how they make their pizza and a quick tour of the place. My sister was really happy to see that and the owners were very nice about it. I had the stuffed pepper and it was delicious. The Italian Beef and Sausage my uncle got was huge and looked amazing and thats the same for the Italian Sub my dad got. Their food is great.
5	Amazing pizza.  Worth the wait
5	What a gem! This is legit Chicago style! It brought me back to my childhood. We were thrilled to see Panzarotti on the menu. We haven't seen that since we lived on the south side. We ordered a sausage panzarotti and a stuffed sausage pizza. Positively delicious! The sausage here is top notch. Best I've had outside Chicago. We have some places in Vegas that do stuffed right, but their sausage doesn't compare. Little Sicily will be a must whenever we're in town.We went back on Sunday anxious to try the thin crust, but they were closed. We were heartbroken. Can't wait to return in spring to check it out.
5	Pizza just like at home! Their wings are awesome also.
5	Great Chicago style pizza!  A+ in my book.
5	Dominic is great to chat with.  His food is amazing.  The breadsticks are the best I've had in the metro area. The sauce is great too.  Hence the nickname Dominic "the sauce."  It's great to see the passion they have for cars and food. Makes me feel right back at home in the Midwest.  Keep up the great work.
5	Pizza is not the only thing they do good, try the Italian beef, it is awesome
5	Here's the deal: if you like thin crust, crispy pizza, like I do, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU. Size of the pizza is good for the price, and the quality supersedes it. Definitely will be coming back!
1	I don't know what this place is thinking but I payed way too much for pizza without flavor. They needed to spice up their sauce and add something to it. I could have done better at home frozen freschetta pizza and some spices of my own. I Will not be going here again. I would rather eat dominoes and I hate dominoes! I am from the Chicago area and this is not Chicago style!
1	The pizza was flavorless, the mushrooms were canned, the ricotta was not sweet and creamy, and we will not be back. The price for this pizza is ridiculous in comparison to the horrible quality.
5	I took my family here for my birthday two weeks ago. We were blown away with everything we ordered, especially the garlic white pizza. Excellent food from excellent people.
5	Really good.   Went several times before reviewing so we could try different things.  Dominic is the man.  The girls who are servers/cashiers are also very friendly.  Have tried pizza, pasta, sandwiches and have yet to be disappointed.  BOYB here which is fine.   A little pricey, but compared to the garbage to pick from in this area it is worth it, for now.
5	Beef Sandwich!  Beef Sandwich!  Beef Sandwich!  This place has the best Beef Sandwich west of Al's Beef in Chicago! The beef is tender, the gravy is nicely seasoned, and the bread is outstanding! Pizza is a solid choice too. I haven't tried anything other than the pizza and the Beef Sandwich because I am so infatuated with...you guessed it...BEEF SANDWICH! Small restaurant cranking out BIG food!Beef Sandwich! Get two. You'll be happy you ordered a second after finishing the first!Remember. Beef.Sandwich.
3	My first time here...Crust- very good except for the center which was a little bit soggy, see toppingsSauce- almost non-existent, I think it was good, just barely any at all on the pieToppings- canned vegetables :( and too much cheese, hard to believe but the combo of the excess cheese and canned veggies caused too much moisture and the center dough just couldn't cookPlease use fresh veggies, a bit more sauce and you will earn 5 stars!
5	Yelp did not fail me on this one. BYOB with no corkage fee and a Safeway around the corner. A cute little place with a lot of great old photos of Chicago. The dining area is very small, but has character. They have Chicago style pizza and Vienna dogs with celery salt- a must for a real Chicago dog. The pizza had their own sausage with a lovely fennel seed taste. The sauce was perfect. Not too sweet and not too salty. The staff was so helpful and friendly and one of the partial owners even came out and visited with the guests. We shared and heard a lot of Chicago stories while dining. The price was very reasonable and perfect for the amount of food. I like being able to see into the kitchen and watching the food handling and preparation. The next time I am in the area, I will absolutely visit again and bring my own favorite wine!
5	Great deep dish pizza , Chicago style.  The owner  (Dominic?) is always there and I love supporting a locally owned business.  Service is good, but there are a few little quirks (like a sign warning people not to share beverages).   Italian Beef sandwiches also very good here.   BYOB is allowed / encouraged. Tried a couple of other pizza places nearby and they just cannot compare to Little Sicily.
1	This place is anything from new york!Cardboard pizza, sauce out of a can, the crust tastes like cardboard, you take a bite and it comes right off the pizza!! And for what they charge!! Its a joke!! I have had bettter frozen pizza!!
4	First of all thanks to Dave J.! Because of his review I'm also becoming a fan of "Beef Sandwich." The beef patty is tender and juicy!The price is moderate!
5	Omg! Best pizza I have had in Arizona in 20 years. Super casual and cozy! You can even bring in your own bottle of wine.
