1	I'm raising my right hand and swearing that I am not making this review based on Cox cable/internet service for my home (Although that is 1 star at best as well!!)  :)So I show up at the place for two reasons.  One, to return one of their many defective boxes.  And two, to try to get a credit history on my bill that I was unsuccessful in doing over the phone the day before.First of all these places (not just this location) are complete zoos.  If they'd spend as much resource on staff, well trained staff at that, as they do on making it look so pretty, perhaps things would improve.The 'greeter' tells me what I need to do with the box, so I do.  That took about 20 minutes of waiting and arguing, but it eventually got dealt with.When I asked for a credit history, for a new loan I am getting, that's when things got real fun.  Over the phone at the call center, I had absolutely no luck even getting the person to understand what I needed.  So I figure while handling the box issue I'd kill two birds with one stone.  I explain to the 'greeter' I simply need a 12 month print out of my bill showing I have not been late some sort of official Cox letterhead.  Greeter: Go online and print it there.Me: Sorry that won't be official, I'm sure you guys have records of these things, it can't be too hard to print something?  Most utils etc have a form letter for this.Greeter:  It will be $10 for the same thing you can print online.Me:  Will it be on Cox stationary?Greeter: What do you mean?Me: Paper bearing the Cox logo on it, at least.Greeter: No, just paper from our printer.Me: So as I mentioned, I cannot just print it from home as it isn't official, it also doesn't denote whether you were late or not just simply that you paid. Do you have any way to work with me here?Greeter: You should try calling the billing number on your statement.Me: (Grabs the kids and heads out the door)Thanks for nothing Cox!  I cringe every time I pay your bill!
3	Here are the issues I have with cox.  My internet connection is "lost" at least twice each week:  Our home has 3 laptops with wireless internet connections.  About twice each week, the internet connection is lost, which requires unplugging the modem and router, waiting a minute, and plugging them back in.  I had to do this yesterday and today, so hopefully I won't have to do this for another 6 days. Unbelievably slow email:  I no longer use cox email because it is so incredibly slow:  it takes so long to load, that by the time the inbox appears, I've forgotten what I'm looking for.  Same problem with the search:  I search for something and by the time emails appear, I can't remember what I wanted to review.  I switched to gmail, but I can't stand this either because I can't sort, but it least it's fast.  I gave up using cox when I couldn't access an email containing a forgotten username for the umpteenth time.Don't under any circumstances use the virus software that they provide for free.  If you do, you'll regret it.  I installed the software and had so many issues with my pc not running correctly.  As soon as this was uninstalled, all was well again.  Try superantispyware - not only is this FREE, but it's one of the best programs that will ferret out all types of garbage that gets installed on your pc.  I've never had a real issue because i'm so careful, but this finds hundreds of items each week on my pc that it doesn't like.The reason I'm writing this review is because the option to color code movies on the tv listings on their website hasn't been working correctly for months:1.  I have to type in my zip code every time I access this site, which can be several times a day.  2. I basically only watch movies - which I want to see in pink in the listings.  Even though the box is checked, the listings aren't pink.  When I uncheck the box, then they're pink.   Is it possible that I'm the only person in Arizona that uses this feature on their website?  It's  a simple fix:  a cookie should remember my zip code, and the web page needs to recognize that a checkbox with a checkmark is "on" - show the color.
1	AWFUL. not just this location but COX in-general.Their service is awful, I have had their service for many years and have had TONS of problems with the cable, internet, and phone. after being scammed on the phone garbage I have had cable/internet bundle. and many years of stressful internet outages, torturous setups, bad service at the stores, glitchy poor quality tv service, and grouchy, incompetent technicians that take three days to come out to your house to fix any problems you have... and as far as other services go they are very overpriced. when i first hooked up my HDTV almost the first thing i did was trade in my SD DVR  (which i had to return about 4 times for hardware failures) for an HD one. got it home plugged it in and THE QUALITY IS AWFUL. (HDMI and Component which is downright lying when their commercials make their HD sound flawless) also the only channel I actually care about watching is discovery.... AND I CAN'T WATCH IT BECAUSE IT PIXELATES AND THE AUDIO GLITCHES! its WRONG!!!!for a long long time I was paying for 12Mbps - 15Mbps internet and I was getting a maximum of 8Mbps in the day time, after calling 'em up and replacing my modem and router with a very high-end gateway the problem still persisted so they ended up telling me the problem was the connection being split with two TVs plus anyone else in the neighborhood who was running the same line as me.... (BS!) someone im related to is a friend of someone who is higher up on the food chain at COX and he said that it shouldn't matter how many times its being split especially living in a neighborhood that supports up to 20Mbps. in fact when we moved in we called COX to send a technician out to the house to install there cable lines in the house, after them being at our new house for 2 hours ALONE and leaving, absolutely nothing was changed.... what in god's name did they do for TWO HOURS!.... oh and they installed a set of cable and phone jacks in the upstairs bedroom and not two months afterward the phone jack fell apart (inside and out) and left a gaping hole in the wall and refused to fix it. that's just a few of the countless problems I have had with them, I know you're probably thinking JUST CHANGE, but I'm technically not the one in charge of being able to do that or you know i would, If i haven't given you enough proof not to let them rip you of your hard earned cash, hit me up, i have plenty of more examples if you absolutely need them. now as for this store, its bad as well. the service is slow and there was a colored man working at the old Bell rd. location who, when i traded in SD receivers for SD DVRs, gave me an outdated DVR that gets terrible quality service and is incompatible with newer DVR updates. who still works at this location, he is downright rude and goes as far as having no general compassion for the customer as long as he makes a sale. the location itself is inconveniently located but does offer free WiFi at a speed faster than i pay dearly for which really doesnt matter as there is a starbucks right across the street that also offers WiFiBottom line: I WOULD SUGGEST PASSING UP COX IF YOU VALUE YOUR DOLLAR AND HAVE THE CHOICE. TAKE ME AS AN EXAMPLE.
1	Went here on 1/2/12 to find out they were taking a 3-day weekend, so i came back today. THE PLACE WAS PACKED full of people wanting to return/exchange receivers as i was because i got fed up with not having the service being functional.the only good things that actually came out of this 45 minute wait was getting a brand-new cisco receiver, which still didnt fix anything. called em up, and they refreshed the signal which helped for about 5 minutes before screwing up some more. now i have a scheduled technician visit tomorrow....it'll probably  either a crotchidy old man, or a younger man telling me to quit complaining because there are less fortunate people who dont have cable even though i'm paying dearly for my services. once again, i am VERY disappointed with cox communications. Wish me luck on the appointment!--UPDATE--the Cox Tech (a stocky redheaded guy) finally got here an hour late, and comes in with a hell of an attitude, acting like he knew everything and the problem was my fault, blaming the receiver not cox as well as being told on the phone that he would bring cords and a ladder, upon getting here he said if it needed a new cord that i would have to schedule another time because he was on a schedule that didnt include that. after all this bullcrap and proving the box was not entirely the problem, he changed the head of one of the cords connected to my HD DVR it fixed the problem slightly. so he went and changed the receiver and blamed the receiver for being glitchy, new and giving off too much noise in the signal he finally got it working good enough he ran on out to his truck, started to leave and i realised he left one of the other tv's and the modem still unplugged. so i called him back in and upon repairing he growls and says " god, im soo stupid, i left the other things unplugged.   i bet by now you think we probably just come in and fix one thing by breaking another, well thats not how we work."..... pfffftt could've fooled me, upon fixing this issue he runs back out to his truck and takes off, and after getting a complaint from the watchers of two of the other tv's i call him back again and he came back in and fixed them.also forgot to add, the third time he came in he blundered through my house knocking things down, including a once-expensive camcorder. but being the nice person i am, im going to overlook it.he also said the new cisco Explorer 8642HDC (that cox is giving EVERYBODY) he said there is a well-known widescale issue with the recording and playback, and that there should be a fix within a week. sounds great, cox giving out a box that THEY KNOW is broken.once again, i am very displeased with their service, customer service, and technicians. and i would most certainly not recommend cox to anyone.
4	I went in today and I have to say the service was excellent!
3	The store isn't anything spectacular, but it does conveniently serve my needs.I can't fault the store itself for my less than stellar feelings toward Cox.  Cox is an alright cable provider.  Not great.  But considering like most cable companies, it has a monopoly on the local market, it could be a whole lot worse.  I'll also give cox credit for having so many stores like this set up all over the valley instead of forcing customers to order everything or go one central location.The store itself is set up nicely.  You walk in, someone (or yourself if they're too busy) can enter you're name in a computer and they will see you as soon as they're ready.  It would be cool if you could set up an appointment online like the apple store, but I digress.  There's plenty of overpriced accessories you can also pick up while you are there if you're too lazy to go to the Target that's a two minute walk across the parking lot, or if you don't want to drive to a Best Buy, or order something online.  The employees do a pretty good job of taking care of anything and getting customers in and out as soon as possible.
1	I was in this store THREE times in the past 4 days because my internet wasn't working. This employee Monica was of NO help. I payed off a balance that I owed and payed $30 to reactivate my internet services. Monica said my services were never turned off so it should work when I got home which it did not. I called cox and was told that my modem isn't working because it was showing as unreturned. So I returned it back to Cox where Monica again "helped" me and she assured me the new modem would work. Surprise! It did NOT. She didn't even give me the right cord to hook it up. So I went back once more, got the right cord and STILL it would not work. So I called Cox & they said it was because no one ever scheduled to have my services turned back on. THANKS A LOT MONICA! This has been the most frustrating past few days. I did MY part, now do YOURS!
5	Went in today to sign up for internet/Wi-Fi service and was in and out in less than 15 minutes. Was greeted immediately as I walked in by a gentleman named Allie.  He was courteous, friendly and knowledgeable. I told him what I needed and he got it done. They will be here tomorrow morning to install everything and then I won't have to do these reviews on my phone anymore. Hooray! Any who, I would suggest going mid afternoon during the week to avoid long waits.  However, there are a couple couches and tv's to watch while you wait so that's a bonus.
2	I have mixed feelings.  The person who helped me was pretty competent and pleasant.  But like many people complain, I find Cox Cable itself is just becoming too shady to deal with as a provider.I was in line with a relatively short line of people who also seemed to be turning in their boxes that provide premium channels.  I took mine in to cancel all non-basic channels after getting an across-the-board rate hike of 40%.  They raised the price of cable TV, the box rental (how did that become more expensive?) and the internet jumped up. All by a lot. This is the third time I've had to go in to turn something in (DVR, another decoder box) after opening my bill to find they once again raised my prices. I got the price lock which helped sort -of for a couple of years, though the savings on TV were wiped out by the rate hikes on internet.     On the way in, there is a self-serve check-in kiosk.  Nice idea, but it had only the message "unable to connect to the internet".   Like my friends who left Cox and never looked back, I will cancel everything with them once I have Direct TV and Century Link installed.  Cox...save your money sending me mailers and emails saying you want me back like you do to former customers.  The time to say you appreciated my business was while you had me and not "testing" how much I would pay.  You found that one out.
1	I spent over an hour on hold and after no solutions were offered, only further disappointments - can't use someone else's modem that's no longer a customer, don't know speeds needed for Netflix or how my speed compared, no explanation as to sudden drop off in quality and consistency of Internet. Overall, another disappointing experience. Service has been canceled and a 6 year relationship terminated since you obviously do not care enough to keep it.
1	Awlful service. If you are planning on coming here better give yourself at least 2 hours of waiting time. Unbelievable. Even just to drop off equipment. There's about 2 to 3 people working at a time and about 15 people in line waiting usually. Other cox stores are not like this. Save your time and go to another store.
1	Dealing with the salesman at the store was decent enough. Overall Cox is shady and a rip off. When we went to "self-install" (we were charged for a self-install kit) it was not working so my husband called up Cox and she said they'd have a service guy come out the next day. My husband asked her if there was a fee for the guy to come out and she said "No." The guy came out and set up the TV for us. BUT majority of the time the receiver doesn't work with the remote where I'm 10 feet away or 2 inches away. The guy blamed our TV and said that it emits some signal that blocks the remote from reaching the receiver and that we have to angle our box so that it's at a 45 degree angle. Mind you - this did NOT fix the problem. Then I got a bill in the mail yesterday and we are getting charged for the guy to come out (for a professional installation) and set up the TV. Not only will I not recommend Cox to other people, I will go out of my way to tell them to stay away from this company. Horrible. Do not use. Counting down the days until our contract is up. Seriously, use any other cable provider!
