1	REVIEW IS FOR THE NEW SPORTS PARK  We attended my daughter's 1st soccer game of the season held at this park.  I initially was excited since I have been to the Aquatic Center and the Bark Park.  There were directions instructing us which we to head for the field you were looking for, but once you got to the fields we were all lost trying to see where we needed to be.  Also, the parking lot is very, very narrow.  We witnessed a car accident where two cars backing out of their stall hit each other.  I had a hard time backing out even thought there wasn't someone right behind me.  The grass looked terrible.  There were dry spots all over the grass.  We normally play at Anthem Hills park and we love that field.  I do have to see we love having the bathrooms so close to the fields but we just were not inpressed about the park as we expected.
4	I consider myself very lucky to live as close to Heritage Park as I do. It is a fantastic park with a lot to offer... In fact it is THE largest multi-use sports complex in the Las Vegas Valley!! The Aquatic Center is one of the best in the city. You can read my review of the center here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/heritage-park-aquatic-complex-henderson#hrid:wYCK-luji2ysUZNf_lZq-gThe Bark Park is a welcome addition to the area. It is Henderson's largest dog park. (Note to self, review the dang dog park!)My favorite aspect of this park is the running path around the perimeter, and the trails that criss-cross the center area of the park. I love having a well-lit running path complete with mile markers so close to home. In fact, I love it so much I canceled my gym membership... Nothing at the gym compared to watching the bunnies scamper out of my way as I come running by. With all this park has to offer, I do not understand how anyone can NOT be a fan.
3	I am not terribly impressed with this park.  Last fall, we have my daughter's soccer games there and this fall we have my son's flag football games there.We moved to that park (for the flag football) because they promised the league that they would have the snack bar open.  Failure!  The snack bar was closed for the first 4 games there.  The first night game had the lights turn off at 9 p.m.....16 minutes before my son's game was over.  The bathrooms are plentiful, but not always maintained in a decent condition.  "Eh" is how I feel about this park.
5	This park is great. The nimrods writing less than stellar reviews should get lives. Ridicules. Enjoy the moment and stop bitching and complaining.
5	I just love this big beautiful park. It's quiet! It's clean! It's well maintained and the staff there are friendly. We had our children practice and play soccer here for the past 3 years now. There is plenty of parking and plenty of bathrooms too. You also have a wonderful doggie park area on the other side. You can BBQ here as well as plenty of covered seating to dine. There is a an area for kids to play and grass everywhere. You can't beat that! Also, if you have the time, please go check out the Aquatic Center. Def worth it! *Just remember during practices and games(mostly game days/nights) to PAY ATTENTION while driving. People are walking everywhere and yes that includes kids big and small. People be MINDFUL of the CARS too.
