5	When Block Three opened last year I was one of their first customers, in fact my wife and I tried to get in the doors before they were even officially open due to a rumour that there was a brewery opening in St. Jacobs. The first two brews they produced were very nice additions to the craft beer market in Ontario. Skillfully done and fairly broad in their appeal. But recently I stopped in and picked up their new "Chocolate Stout" and no hyperbole here... it was one of the best fucking beers I have ever drank, hands down. Don't miss out on this limited run. Block Three should produce this beer forever, and I'll put a liver on ice for when I'm finally in need of a transplant. Thanks Block Three. Craft Brewers are the future of beer in Canada, and in Ontario specifically they need every bit of promotion they can get as their sales and promotion are throttled by the  the foreign multinationals / government owned monopoly "Beer Stores" and the LCBO. Head out to a brewer today and find a new favourite beer. When your mind has been blown head over to Yelp next and leave a review and help others find out what's hot. Life's too short to drink bad beer.
4	My visit to Block Three Brewery is definitely the highlight for my little day trip to the area.Though it is a small start up brewery with limited production, but I really enjoyed the 3 beer samples I tried.King Street Saison - their flagship: Belgian Style Ale, a little sour but quite refreshingSugar Bush Brown - Brown with a touch of Maple Syrup, a sweet after taste Mildest Winter Yet - Love the name!One of the owners, Derek was nice enough to show us around. The tasting area is spacious and have a few communal tables. If you want more than just a sample of what available on taps, you can always order a glass for $5.You won't find Block Three in your nearby LCBO but a lot of the local area restaurants and pubs does have it on bottle or on taps. And for me, of course I ended up getting some to go... The smallest format is 500 ml for $4 and of course, you can pick up a growler too!I will be back again and hopefully try out other one off or session beers and maybe one day I would find them in one of the gastropubs in Toronto!
