1	It was a complete NIGHTMARE!  Good luck scheduling!  First off, they don't have a dedicated employee to answer the phones and coordinate their scheduling.  So when you call you talk to someone (Mike?) that might be the owner, that is out working and might answer the phone if he's on a break.  Then, on the off chance that you do talk with him, you can only understand about half of what he says.The first time I talked to him I just wanted to make an appointment for him to come out and clean my carpet and tile but we ended up getting into an argument over the amount of carpet and tile in my house he needed to clean.  As first impressions go, this is the worst way to represent your company the first time you talk to a potential customer: haggling over something he has not even seen yet.So eventually I did get an appointment with him after calling him 10 times and leaving messages.  He gave me a time window and then an hour later wanted to change it to an earlier time window.  I really didn't want to change it but I thought it would work best if I was accommodating to him so I agreed to the earlier time even though it was a bit of an inconvenience to me.  So the day came and the early time window he gave me came and passed.  45 minutes after the time window passed, my girlfriend (who was waiting at the property), called him to ask if he was going to show up.  I also called and texted him asking if he was going to show up that day.  He called me an hour after that blaming his tardiness on the fact that my girlfriend called and left him a message AFTER he was late which confused him and made him late, somehow?  Well, this pissed me off and it all comes down to this:If you're this bad at scheduling, customer service and representing your company: Then you probably are terrible at the actual task too.So I talked it over with my girlfriend, who could not understand him on the phone either, and we decided he pushed us too far so we canceled the whole deal.
1	Absolutely horrible. The guy brings a portable machine, which I am sure circulates the dirt and puts it right back down on the carpet again. It's a great way to just redistribute the dirt. They have great advertisement and did a run on Groupon, so you think you are getting a professional company, but THINK AGAIN. Not really knowing that they were that bad, and being a real estate professional, I scheduled 3 houses. Not one of them was cleaned properly or professionally. It's all about doing it as quickly as possible so they can take your money and run. I called the guy Keith and he promissed to go back to one of them because it was done poorly, and he never went back. He just kept saying he would go back, but never did. But his hand was sure out fast to collect the money. Then, there were some stains which he said he could not remove, but my wife went to the house and simply removed them with some oxyclean. He could have spent an extra 5 minutes, but no, that was too much. I ended up simply replacing half the carpet in one of the houses, he did such a bad job. I didn't realize until afterward, that it could have been cleaned, but it loos like the guy just runs water with no carpet cleaning detergent.
1	Where do i begin with this company?? We bought the Groupon for $60 for 4 rooms and it was literally a joke.  3 guys came out to our apartment with a makeshift machine and literally were in and out in 20 minutes.  I went in there to inspect when they were done and it literally looked as if they went over our carpet with a vacuum.  The carpets were barely even wet and didnt smell as if they used any deodorizer or detergent whatsoever.  We called them to complain and they guy keeps telling us he will call us back to reschedule to get out and re-do it, only for us to not get a call back.  Since our lease was up on our place and had to give the keys back we were forced to call another carpet cleaning place (Carpet Green Clean) which came out the same day we called and were AWESOME! ONE guy came out from their company and put Hughes Carpet Cleaning to shame for the same price!  DO NOT BUY THEIR GROUPON!  This company is a complete scam!All in all we called Groupon and received a $60 credit for this scam groupon we bought.  They are the most unprofessional company I have ever seen.  I could've done a better job myself with a rented "Rug Doctor" from Wal-Mart!!
1	Wish there was less than one star. This company is a complete scam. First, their equipment is a joke. It mostly spreads the dirt around. If you have stains, their rep (Keith?) will say they can't come out, but my wife had to go and simply take them out with some oxyclean. So that was a lie. He will tell you he will come out to do it again, but doesn't show up. He's very fast at wanting his money, though, scary fast. They run brilliant ads though, but look like they are high on crack.
