4	This is such a lovely little cafe! Very quaint and cute atmosphere.  It has a LOT of chocolates to choose from and the hot chocolate is delicious.  I ordered Le Babette and it was amazing!  A wonderful little stop to warm up while shopping along St. Denis.  Remember to bring cash because they have a high minimum to charge on debit/credit.
4	This is a really cool little cafe.  I don't get hot chocolate very often, but we were told by our friend that you have try the hot chocolate so we did and we were impressed.  I don't remember the exact names of the hot chocolates but I know mines was 64% percent dark chocolate and it was definitely a very rich flavored chocolate.  My wife's hot chocolate was a white chocolate with some spices that had a nice little kick at the end.  After drinking my dark chocolate, hers tasted quite sweet to me but she loved it.  I really enjoyed mine as well.  I didn't try the ice cream but it looked like they had about 10-12 flavors to choose from.  This is one of those places that's a nice little find on a very busy street.
2	Cute space, not big on culinary value.  For the winter's months reduce the # of nice tables in the front room, and replace plastic chair and table in back. Hard to have the cozy designed experience of a French cafe when you are literally sitting on top of each other.
4	Excellent Dark Chocolate Gelato! What I would expect from a chocolatier.
5	Not your average hot cocoa. I got the Babette, which was an amazing drinking chocolate with cardamom spice overtones. It was luxurious. Intoxicating, even.The shop is quirky, and was nearly empty on the snowy day we wandered in, but once that chocolate hit my lips I didn't even know which way was up.
2	It was better when it was across the street years ago and under former owner. Their terasse is infested with insects.
5	I think at one point I plead with the owners to come with me immediately to California and they politely declined, thinking I was kidding. I have found my favorite tea spot (Alice's Tea Cup, NYC), french toast spot (Mother's Bistro, Portland), and gyros spot (Halal Guys gyros plate, NYC). Today , I have found my favorite hot chocolate spot tucked away in the Latin Quarter of Montreal. I went with the classic Babette hot chocolate from the menu and came close to fainting after the first sip. In fact, I was so overwhelmed by all the happiness going on in my taste bud world, I danced to the counter and in chocolate drunkeness asked the owner to marry me. Ok, no I didn't. But I did say, WHAT IS IN THIS I WANT IT NOW. So I purchased the chocolate chips and spices (special ingredients) to take home with me. Their hot chocolate is stellar. You need some in your life, even though you don't know it yet.
2	Terribly disappointed. Long wait times and mediocre sandwich that took over an hour to make!!
3	Went here with my boyfriend on a Sunday around 5pm. We ordered a hot chocolate, a crepe with ham, cheese, and mushrooms, and a crepe with caramel. The hot chocolate was a real hot chocolate, served in a bowl with a spoon. The ham, cheese and mushroom crepe wasn't that great. I took a few bites but that's it. The caramel crepe was good. Although all te caramel seemed to be in the middle and not around the edges. It tasted really good though. Te atmosphere is cute and cozy.
3	I had a origin chocolate which was pretty good and the service was fast and friendly ....But the salted crepe we had lacked of salt, and overall, taste. Mushrooms on top looked canned and the texture was not great. I can be picky with my crepes so this would explain a lot. The sweet one, salted caramel was good but they were a bit greedy with the quantity of caramel on top. And well, nothing special. Not bad, not great. Kind of a good interior, pretty cute and you can buy products inside too (jams and so on)
4	La babette hot chocolate was "liquid heaven", rich chocolate. Great coffee and good environment to sit, have a coffee, crepe and talk with friends. Very satisfied.
