5	I had a wonderful pedi by Amanda as well as a full set of gel nails.  They look really nice, but I have realized that I prefer my natural nail.  I will have them removed when I go back in 2 weeks.  Dustin & Amanda have a beautiful salon with excellent customer service!
5	Great pedicure and abt to book next appt in 2 weeks for my gel mani/pedi!!! They are nice, asked if the service was good and offered free repair!
5	Love this place.  Great customer service and Amanda does such a great job each time! I love consistency.
5	First thing I noticed when I walked in was how spacious and clean the place was. Of course they did just open 2 months ago, but still, it was extremely sanitary. They all greeted me in a friendly manner and they were attentive. They have a hook for my purse, which is a major plus since I had a huge purse with me, and usually if I went to other nail salons, I would have to place my purse in the back of my seat. So Amanda did my nails and she is, so far, my absolute favorite nail tech. Not only was she quick, but she was also extremely precise. I asked for quite a bit of designs on my nails and she did it so perfectly. She topped my nails off with a gel coating, even though I didn't get gel nails. The best part is that they have a 10% discount on students, teachers, and military personnels. The only con is that they don't have a huge selection of polish, but it's not that big of deal. I will definitely be coming back in 2-3 weeks.
5	This place was immaculately clean! The staff is very professional and nice. We were seen right away and had great service the entire time. They run a special where if you come in on Tuesday or Wednesday and get a deluxe pedi you get a free mani. Great special! Also if you are military, student, or teacher you get 10% off! Love this place and will definitely be back.
5	IM IN LOVE! This place is great! Amanda and Dustin are so sweet! They got me coffee while I was having my nails done. The salon is gorgeous! They did exactly what I asked for design wise and I cannot wait to go back with new designs! They have a HUGE selection of gel nail polish and the 3d gems! Perfection!!!
5	This place is great!! I came here for the first time a week ago and I got a gel manicure from Misty. She took her time and I can tell she wanted to make sure her work was perfect. A week later it still looks great and definitely not peeling unlike other places that I've been to recently. Today, I got a pedicure, and by coincidence, I got Misty again!! She's amazing, have I mentioned that?! Definitely try this place out!! It's great!!
5	Second time and I'm still just as pleased as I was last time. They took their time and listened to what I wanted. Everyone is super nice. I was offered a beverage several times. I got a pedicure this time around. Loved the massage chair. The foot tub had pretty lights and I got an amazing food massage!
5	I recently moved from the Henderson area to this side of town. I was really having a hard time with the fact that I was going to have to find a new place to have my nails done ( I'm kinda picky). I first tried a place called bella something, ended up with bloody nails that hurt for a week. I was told by my friend at work and my niece to come here and see Amanda and Dustin. So glad I did. I was only going to have a pedicure just to get a feel of the place but after speaking to Amanda ( she really knows her stuff )  I felt good about letting her do my nails. Amanda was great and I am so happy with my nails. The pedicure I received here was awesome as well. I got a classic pedicure and I must say it was more along the lines of what other salons call a deluxe pedicure. They used some scrubby stuff on my legs that smelled great and made my legs feel energized, and the girl who took care of me really gave my legs and feet a great massage, and not just a 2 minute rub some lotion on them and call it good, but a real massage. This really is the BEST place in town.
5	This has been the best nail place I have found up here in the northwest side of town.  Clean, friendly, not $60 for mani pedi!!
5	Awesome Nail Salon!! Germaine did a great job on my eyebrows, and was so warm and friendly! Lanni was amazing on my toes, and even with a minor misunderstanding, she took the time to correct the misunderstanding with ALOT of patience and precision! Loved her especially because she was more focused on making my toes look great and was less focused on making a bunch of conversation. Lastly, Dustin did a great job on my nails and I was not used to a few of the techniques he used so he was happy to explain them and was very patient and fun to talk with!Very clean employees and place! Great updated and spacious interior design! Sterile!
5	After almost four ridiculous years in this city, I have FOUND SOMEONE THAT NOT ONLY SPEAKS ENGLISH....but does PHENOMENAL WORK!  Misty is so detailed...so personable...so professional.  I respect someone that can suggest something different from what I choose.  She KNOW nails!!!  Not only does she use her nails...she uses tools...she flips you around so she can see every angle just to make sure your nails are DONE RIGHT!  Misty is the one you need to see.  My nails are its own billboard for advertisement.   Classy...yet subtly trendy!  #trendset
5	I took my sister to get her nails done and her eyebrows waxed for her birthday. I wanted to make sure they would do a good job because it was a present, and I found the reviews on Yelp to be good so I made an appointment. We walked in a few minutes early and they took us right back, and they made sure to listen to exactly what my sister wanted. She had never gotten her eyebrows waxed, and they did a phenomenal job. They also catered to her nail preferences, and the outcome turned out so cute!The staff was incredibly friendly and personable, keeping up conversation with us rather than creating an awkward silence that you get at other nail salons. They even offered us complementary beverages while my sister was getting her service. They gave me 10% because I work in CCSD, and all students also get 10% off. The salon itself is in immaculate condition, and they are run very efficiently. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good experience at a reasonable price!
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would!!! It is the WORST nail place I have ever been to. period. I called in two days ahead to schedule an appt for my best friend and I.  They took me back and kept my best friend waiting for TWO AND A HALF FREAKING HOURS. Meanwhile, we were watching them take walk ins before doing my friends nails. He was so pissed he left and I was left sitting there with my crappy manicure.  I paid 80 dollars for something my 2 year old niece could have done better.  I was you guys, looking through the yelp reviews thinking this place was awesome because of its 4 and a half stars out of five.  But trust me, it is the hands-down worst nail place I have been to.  Oh, I also told the manager that I was pissed about my friend not getting his nails done, and guess what the manager did...NOTHING. I left the place in tears because I was so upset. Never again will my body enter the door of 4ur Nails and Spa.
5	Gel builder rocks! No more lifting, no more bubbles. I've been seeing Amanda for almost 4 months now and couldn't be happier!
5	Love this salon! I went in for my first appointment today with Dustin for a gel fill with gel polish. When I first arrived my nails were a mess! He helped clean them up and make them beautiful again. I was also a little hesitant because I'm very particular about my stiletto nails, but he was spot on and such a perfectionist! The entire appointment start to finish was such a great experience. I loved it so much I have already booked my next mani/pedi for 2 weeks from now!
5	Amanda and Dustin are great people and care about how you like your nails. Best nail salon I have ever been to. Highly recommend this place.
5	This place is wonderful! It's so clean... That's a big one for me! It's still pretty new so it's not normally too busy, which I also like. Everyone there is super nice and they all do a really good job. This is the only place I go now!
5	Honestly as a guy this place is the best get the delux pedi and  the scubs they use is awesome
5	Went here for the first time today and Dustin took great care of me!  My nails are beautiful!  I will be returning to get my nails done there from now on.
5	I have tried several nail salons around town since moving from California, but this one just might be my go to place. I came in to get a gel fill and was seated very quickly. The lady that did my nails (forgot to ask for her name) took her time and made sure everything was perfect to my liking, I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Lenni did my rockstar pedi and gel mani. Amazing!!! This place was so clean and fresh. The people were all extremely friendly. I met Mai and we talked about our kids and we laughed so hard at how much we had in common when dealing with first child worries!! It was an overall great experience and I will absolutely be back every time I come to vegas! A must try! This place is a gem!
5	Made an appointment 10/25/2014 for a full set of the gel-builder nails, saw Dustin and received the best set of nails I have ever had. I will never go to another nail salon! Dustin has excellent attention to detail and thoroughly inspects his work and makes sure you do as well so he can correct anything you don't like. He is very approachable and easy to have a good conversation with. The establishment is clean and ventilated well. I very highly recommend this business!
5	Absolutely every review is true! I myself was going on yelp to find a great nail salon, not your every day salon. I read every single review and looked at all 300+ photos and I knew this was the place to go. Amanda and Dustin are the owners and husband and wife, they took their time with me and explained the difference between acrylic and this "Gel Builder" I was sold. I got a full set of pink and white gel builder nails. And my hands feel weightless! Doesn't feel heavy like when you have acrylics on. They don't rush and take their time, great conversation with them.The phone is constantly ringing for appt with them. I feel bad that they work 7 days a week.. But with growing a new business they are on the right track!A tip!!!! Call to make a appt so you make sure you get Amanda or Dustin. Let them know you saw reviews on yelp :) there is a coupon on their website for 10% off for new clients as well
5	Just got my pedi done. Went with the deluxe since I like to treat myseld once a month. Everyone here is very nice and Jenny did an amazing job. She recommended the builder gel for my nails and I am looking forward to it next week. They are very clean and she was gentle on cutting my nails. I will be coming back agaib for sure!
2	My first experience here wasn't the best at all. My manicurist (a guy) must have lacked technique or something. I honestly think my nails looked better going in than they did coming out. Not to mention, my skin was cut from the cuticle nipper, and I got a nasty scrape on my skin from the nail buffer as well which had to be treated once I got home. To add, the pedicure was done in cold water. It just stinks to have experienced more pain than anything. As far as the final result of my pedicure, it just looked sloppy and dull. I'm used to a smooth glossy finish on my nails and I ended up with air bubbles and over-applied polish. Perhaps this was my bad for not going to my regular shop, but I just wanted to give one of the newer places in town a shot. The final verdict: 4ur Nails is just not for me.
5	I came to for your nails and this is the best nail shop ever I will never go anywhere else I don't care if I have to wait 2 or 3 weeks before I have to see my nails technician I will not go nowhere elseso I give this place a 6 star
4	My daughter recommended this place. Her nails look beautiful and last for awhile. Went in today for gel manicure and LOVE them.  Service here was super friendly, even other customers. My little one got a her nails polished and staff was very sweet to her. Been a long time since I've had a great experience at a nail salon..will be back and recommend this place to friends.
5	Five stars because they deserve it. I walked in and was greeted by Amanda, she also did my nails. She was so easy to talk to, inviting, and cares about her work! Unlike other nail shops I didn't feel like I was being up-sold. She took her time and gave me QUALITY, great conversation, and she is hilarious! I felt like part of their family. Thank you! After 8 years of having my nails done I have found the place I will always return! I'd recommend to anyone!
5	Amanda & Dustin are the owner of the place, Dustin was the one who also introduced me into the builder gel that they have which i absolutely love, they last so much longer than my normal acrylics that i use to get, so i end up saving money. Amanda is absolute amazing. i recommend both of them, they're normally busy so i would make an appt or call ahead of time :)
5	I've been looking for a new nail salon to frequent and found this one thru Yelp.  It was a great experience, went in for a pedi, ended up with that and a gel manicure & eye brow wax.  The shop was super clean & the staff was really nice.  The nail tech Jenny did everything for me, she even helped me get some water when my hands were not accessible.  She was super nice and professional and was very detail oriented, she took her time to get everything perfect but she definitely wasn't slow. I pass like 5 or so nail salons driving to this one but because of this experience I will for sure come here again.  Thanks!!
5	I really liked this nail shop. It was very clean, very clean and fresh smelling. The people were nice. Very happy will return!
5	I followed James to this salon.. So happy I'm loyal. This is a beautiful salon. Modern clean and welcoming. He will only be an addition to an already amazing place. James is creative and pays close attention to detail. I have been his client for a couple years and am so happy he's finally gone to a salon of this type. Super move to an awesome spot. . They have services not offered at other local shops.. I'm excited about the VIP room soon to open and can't wait to try the gel builder nails...  I'm a happy yelper today :)
5	It was my first time today and I loved it! Was very nice and professional! Tried out some gel nails, and love them! They have top of the line products, and told me if anythjng happens or I need anything fixed to come back no questions asked! Found my new nail place, and going to send all my friends there!
5	I'm giving 5 stars to the service I received from Misty! Who did my full set of gel nails. This is probably the best full set I've ever gotten. I was being pretty indecisive and annoying at first because I was unsure of the shape and length I wanted, after viewing their pics I pointed out the shape and she made magic happen. There are not many good nail places in the centennial area, this is my first time coming here and misty may be the only one I now go to for my nails. Very clean, from what I was told they've only been open since April. I love the idea of not having to get acrylic. Unless I want it. Will be back in two weeks!
3	Service was good, they were super nice people. They helped me even though I was really indecisive. It was kind of expensive though. 35 dollars for a gel manicure. My biggest thing was that my nails were all crooked and she cut my skin on the side so deep it left bruises. I'd go again, but not for gels. Maybe just a short manicure.
1	They do a good pedicure but the service is less than impressive. I came today and got a deluxe pedicure $40 with a free manicure. I upgraded to gel for an extra $15 and was given the gel samplesI was told $55 total. When I was done they tried to charge me $90 because they used something called rockstar gel which they didn't tell me before completing. While the nail tech finished my moms pedicure she began to cry because the owner told her she had to pay the $20. She had to leave the service and go to the bathroom and collect herself. After all of that they still charges me $70. So much for a pampering afternoon.
2	I started going here about 6 months ago, when they had just opened. I've gone about 5 times, always for gel....which have lasted very well. Most of my experiences were pleasant. Very clean & modern place. I have never had either owners do my nails, but the techs have done a good job. Today was my last visit though as I was very disappointed when Amanda (one of the owners) insisted that I pay $30 for a gel polish change on my toes, that I understood to be $20. I called to make my appointment and asked about this service. Dustin (the co-owner) did not inform me of the price. Their online menu states $10 for polish change and "Add soft gel $10". so I took that as it would be $20. When I went to pay the tech informed me of the price. She could tell I was confused and Amanda came over. I explained what I saw on their website and that I was not informed that it would be $30 when I called or arrived. She didn't care and insisted I pay the extra $10. Any owner that won't side with the customer over $10, especially when it is stated on the website doesn't deserve my business. I wanted to share this so anyone interested can be aware.
5	Best nail salon I've found. They do an awesome job and have never had any issues. I've been going here since about 3 months after they opened.
4	I came to this place because my favorite nail tech from another salon works here now. My first impression is the place is clean and the gel color selection is huge. Prices are moderate. Wish the UV light was built into the table but that was minor, yet worthy of losing a star. Overall, I had a positive experience but mainly due to my favorite tech who is meticulous and always a joy to work with.
5	I am a VERY picky person when it comes to nails. But I think I have found my home! I have been looking for a nail shop for quite some time now. I feel like I have been in a battle field trying to find the perfect nail salon. I may have cuts and bruises from the battlefield  but I have finally won the fight!  So, I made an appointment with Amanda for my nails and had my pedicure with Lanni. Lanni did an excellent job on my pedi. I had the Classic Pedicure ($28) and it came with a nice gel scrub on the legs and hot towels. On to the meat of the matter.....my nails. I love a nail technician that can do designs and has a plethora of bright funky colors. And this place def has the fun colors. They have Rockstar gel....which is basically glitter gel on acid. Amanda did such an amazing job with my nails. I showed her a pic of what I wanted and my nails came out JUST like the picture. Her attention to detail is great! I ended up getting the Builder Gel. This is basically liquid gel (not powder) with the gel color ( ie shellac or gel polish) on top. I also had some Rockstar gel added to jazz it up! Besides Amanda's amazing craftsmanship, is the fact that she takes time and explains the products that she uses. They use terminology at this nail shop that I was not familiar with, but Amanda helped out and explained everything. This place is so great that I stopped by moms house and she had me make an appointment for her the same day. She's very picky as well with nails ( I get it from my mama) and she loved her gel pedi. No need to look else where for nails and pedi....I found my place!!
5	Omg! I went to Jenny and she is amazing!!! Perfectionist!! She is very sweet and listens to what you want. She did all gel on my natural nails and they turned out beautiful. If your looking for someone to do them beautiful call and make an appointment with her. I am super happy and will keep going back. My mom has been going to her for three months and If she ever moves I will be following her!!
5	Excellent! I went in here today with a girlfriend to have some much needed girl's day. We got there 20 minutes early and they took us in right away. We both haven't had our nails done in awhile so, our nails weren't the greatest, but it wasn't a problem for them! I got Thao as my nail tech (if you're reading this, I'm sorry if I misspelled your name!) And she was plain amazing. She was very entertaining, joked around with us, had very nice color suggestions (sparkles!) and she answered all of our questions regarding the different gel services they do. She also gives the best hand and foot massages. I'm very pleased with how my nails turned out, even if I did chip it on the way out (haha!) The salon is very clean compared to other nail salons I've been to and they're very accommodating. Their massage chairs is also one of the best I've ever sat on. Excellent customer service and all around 5 stars!!
3	I have been here many times. Dustin and Amanda do great work on my nails. I've never had any issues with my nails.   A few different people have done good pedicures for me. However,  i do not recommend the threading service. Two women worked on me,  the first cut me in four different places and i still had hair that needed to be removed. It was a very painful experience. So, If you're going for nails,  great place, the salon is clean and friendly. Just don't do the threading service.
