4	This NYE 2011 Block party was way better then the New Years Eve 2010, but I know that's because it was a lot warmer this year. Upper Deck, Rockbar, and Dos Gringos all participated in this years drunken debauchery. I, however, stayed at Dos for the midnight celebration because I love that place and the fact that Woo was behind the bar didn't help my addiction! Anyway...Tickets were $35 plus tax, which got you into this block party ($50 at the door) and you can't beat that price on New Years, especially to get you into three bars! There were plenty of heaters to be found in the street and there was a good mix of casual and gussied up apparel to be found. Dos Gringos was still offering their menu for those that wanted to order food to help soak up the alcohol, which always helps with the New Years Day hangover. All the bars had their own DJ's spinning tunes while out on the street live bands played, but interesting enough, wasn't a cluster of craziness. One could actually hear what was playing in their area. Good times this year, nice save! I would definetly return next year!
5	I am so ready to be a part of the 2013 NYE block party!!!
2	2013. This was a scaled down version of everything on Mill. Probably about 10% of what Mill was offering for same price, but without hassle of huge crowds. Very average job by the organizers of this event. The two bars involved (Dos Gringos and Roc bar) were very crowded with hardly any room to roam around inside. I gather most folks were trying to get inside to hear different music other than the putrid, low rent country people that this group of folks got on the cheap. The crowd wasn't more than 1300 in my estimation, but the street wasn't quite big enough and there wasn't enough to do really. It did not feel like New Year's eve at all. Nobody was selling cheap NYE sunglasses or stuff like that and the stage countdown for NYE started at 5-4-3 and by then it was already past midnight. Buy a cowboy boot and lower it down or something. The bathroom situation was bad as well, there were not enough port-o-potties and all indoor bathrooms had mass lines. They barely had any food, unless you wanted to wait at the crowded bars, although the Philly cheesesteak place saved the day. Only two beer areas outside and luckily those did not have much of a wait or else the bash would have been a dud. Kind of a younger crowd, but the country stuff was horrible - big mistake. Scottsdale was a Cowboy town - about 50 years ago. Oh and thanks for the thrilling five minute fireworks show. At $15 each and $25 at door, somebody walked away with a good profit for a bad party.
