1	WHY? WHY? WHY? I used to go to Baton Rouge for the ribs but after living in the US and getting a taste of wood smoked ribs, I was done with utilitarian ribs. This week I went back since there's a Baton Rouge right outside the office with the team. I had forgotten the insane prices at this restaurant for straight a no frills trying to be everything to everyone menu. One shouldn't have to remortgage his home to eat out at lunch.That being said, it was an office lunch and I was going. This Baton Rouge also has a very nice terrace to eat outside and enjoy the nice summer weather and make you forget you are downtown. The service is acceptable but they fail to distinguish between lunch service and evening service. If your restaurant is between two large corporate glass towers, you know your lunch crowd is a working crowd that doesn't always have time for a long lunch. On to the food...I ordered the NY steak which is a beautiful cut of meat and also easily prepared. The fat alone can flavor it and it doesn't need much more than some spices. So done deal right? You would be SOOOOOOOOOOOO WRONG. When I got my steak just from the sear marks I could tell that this steak had been constantly thrown around the grill. From the way the fat strip was curling off the meat I could tell the steak had not finished thawing before being grilled - which rendered the meat tasteless. There were no salts, peppers or spices. EPIC FAIL. The potato, and I'm only speculating, tasted like last night's oven baked potato because it was so dry and bland that even the quarter of a cup of sour cream, cheese and bacon dressing on it couldn't save this potato, which also had no seasoning. No third party veggies were made available. Louisiana touch, my ass. Half an ear of corn would have been a nice southern touch with my steak. But there's NOTHING Southern or Cajun on their menu.I'll blame consumers for this disaster in my plate. Why? Because no one ever bitches and complains about their bad food quality they are being served in restaurants, especially for a 38$ NY steak. Like I said to my colleague and former chef, I can make a 5 dollar strip loin from a super-market into a feast you'll think I got from a pro butcher. I cringe that a restaurant cook can't have steaks at room temperature ready for lunch time - if your boss is too much of a cheap bastard to buy it fresh - and season them appropriately to taste and for the sake of all that is good in life when you drop a steak on a grill, the next time you touch it is to flip it and after that to remove it - stop paddling and twiddling the meat, you will ruin it. Same for a potato. If you can't bake a fucking potato... GO HOME. What's so hard with crusting it with olive oil and coarse salt and make the tatter explode with extra flavor?Why am I bitching? Cause that plate cost me 38$ plus tip and all I got was a badly prepped steak and an old dry potato. For 30$ I made all 3 Rib-Eyes, Duck Sausage, Beef Ribs and potatoes at home and we foodgasmed for hours. For a single plate at 38$ plus tip, I'm expecting some added value to the experience, not leftovers. What a total complete ripoff to be charged so much dinero for such lack of care and passion. Again another establishment that values form over function. I'd rather eat at a shack that serves me great awesome tasting food in a paper plate than go to an upscale looking restaurant made for corporate power-lunchers but serves me barely edible badly prepared  low quality products.A lame 1 outta 5 stars
2	Have eaten at a few Baton Rouges in Ottawa and Montreal - this was the worst.  After getting our lunch food, which was OK but expensive, we were abandoned by the wait staff.  It was about 130pm.  We did not get refills on drinks.  We could not get the plates cleared.  We could not get the bill.  Finally I went to the back of the restaurant where the wait staff seemed to be having lunch, got the bill, and paid it.
2	I got the rib eye steak and it was pretty good, but fatty.  The baked potato was good and the salad was decent.  They came out with fresh rolls with the salad, but my brother in law got the hamburger and he was disgusted with the buns.  My sister got the top sirloin and it was not too bad either.   My wife got the filet and it was just ok.  The service was slow at first, but then after we ordered it picked up a bit.  Not a bad place, but overly overly priced!!  Outback is half the price and double the great taste!!  I will not come back here.
2	THE place for a pre or post game meal when you see the Habs.  The ribs used to be better and I do not like the switch to the express game day menu.  On a recent visit the ribs were dry.  That being said the next time I am in Montreal for a hockey game I'll still go back because its just what you do before a Habs game.
3	I went to this location for a pre-game dinner, before heading over to the Bell Centre for a Bruins vs. Habs game.  The place was pretty packed with fans that had the same idea as us.  Our group was a mix of 3 Habs fans and 2 Bruins fans (myself included).  We figured it would be best to have one of the Montreal fans go put her name in for the table.  No need being skipped over, if the hostess happens to be a serious fan.  We had a 20 minute wait which I thought was very reasonable given how close we were to the Bell Centre and how many people were already there.  I grabbed us a round at the bar and we were able to look over the menu while we waited.  Which helped.We were seated in about 15 minutes.  Again, pretty impressive on the turn around they have there.  Because we had already looked at the menu at the bar we were able to put our full order in right away.  Which the waitress appreciated.I had the 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 grilled chicken with fries... The ribs were your standard "Baby Back" style pork ribs.  They weren't very "fall off the bone" but the meat was tender enough.  It wasn't too tough or hard to chew, which can be common in chain restaurants, due mostly to over-cooking.  These were just fine, on par with some of the packaged ribs you can find in the super markets (example: Lloyd's, Curley's, etc.).  The sauce was on the sweeter side... and they made sure to not drown the ribs, so you could still taste the meat.  As for the chicken... the taste was a nice smokey contrast to the sweetness of the sauce on the ribs.  But like most of these types of meals, the meat did get a little dry the further in you went.I'd give the waitress high marks due to the fact that she was clearly slammed, but made sure we always had our drinks when we needed another round and even was lighthearted enough to do some friendly Montreal/Boston trash-talking.I would definitely put this on the list of places to grab a sit down meal before a game at the Bell Centre or if you go on a bit more of a quiet night.  It's perfectly fine for a casual date night.
2	$11.50 beer!!! Draft beer to boot. This place is a rip off first class.
4	Nice terrace, good bloody caesars. Lobster sandwich was a little disappointing and overpriced but was still light and fresh on hot sunny day. Friendly service.
3	They have a decent selection of food items to choose. Service is pretty good too. The wine list looks extensive however my first two options were not available. I had the potato soup and I was impressed. I also got the sirloin and mashed potatoes and they were pretty good as well. I do think the items are overpriced.
3	Close to work, so i end up here quite often.  The service is quick and friendly which helps when i am in a bit of a rush for lunch.   I usually have the Chicken Caesar - cant take a big set of ribs for lunch now, can i?  crazy place to go before any major event at the Bell Center, they usually line up from all the way out side.
4	What's with all the bad rap? Five of us met up here last Sunday night for an early dinner at 5 before we had to leave by 6:30 for a concert. We were looking specifically for somewhere to have steak and we needed the place to be open at 5 or earlier. We had 2 orders of Filet and 3 orders of Ribs. Everyone loved the food.  Our friend from Florida who manages a hotel said the ribs were the best he's had. Our steaks were just right and the salads were adequate. Service was prompt and friendly. Only bummer is that the wine list is a bit weak. They could easily offer some better wines than they do as I really couldn't recommend any of the mediocre wines to my non California friends. They settled for beer and other drinks. We ordered a cab that I know sells for about $12 at home that was marked up to $45.
2	This specific Baton Rouge has always been a disappointment for me and I didn't come here by choice since I had friends in town and we were headed to the hockey game.This is where the problem lies.This place is EXTREMELY popular on game nights with a line-up stretching outside into the rain of over 100 patrons during game nights. They know it and they exploit it when they provide an "Event Night" catalog that limits you to the most expensive options they can such as an $18 burger and fries being one of the cheaper "meals" available.Gone are the other good options such as the chicken salad or chicken tenders, here are all the shrimp, duck, BBQ rib options for nearly $30+. NY Steak for $38? Really??What a rip-off.Take a long moment to read more reviews on this place and make sure you REALLY want to come to this Baton Rouge, particularly if there's an event going on at the Bell Center.Mind you I'm a huge fan of this chain and regularly go to the Laval one where prices are 30-40% less, the portions are bigger and the selection is unhindered.I ordered the Burger and fries and they were decent. I'm a huge fan of the fries the burger was decently cooked though the waiter never bothered to ask me how I'd like to have my burger.The meals are provided very quickly and the staff LOVES to fill your soda to the top with ice. I made sure she confirmed with me refills are allowed before I let her serve me my drink.All in all, in the particular experience, it sucked. I wanted my chicken tenders. Couldn't have them. Settled for something less and still felt ripped off.
3	I'd' never been to a baton rouge restaurant before but my boyfriend had and had  always had good food so we popped in here before heading to the centre bell. The service was absolutely fantastic, in fact, probably the best so far in Montreal. It's just a shame that the food doesn't match it. First of all, my boyfriend seemed surprised at the prices and I have to admit that some items seemed fairly expensive. We ordered the salmon and a burger. The salmon was tasty but not fantastic. The burger looked good but was really dry so I was disappointed. Overall a bit of a disappointment for the price but impeccable service!
1	We had a group booking to celebrate a good friend's birthday the other night. They moved us 3 times claiming that the tables are booked for other groups already. I felt so bad for my friend, it was her birthday and she was very unhappy about it especially that the manager was very unfriendly and he seemed like he just does not care. The food was ok but who cares after such a bad customer service. Normally, you would expect a better service especially for a group of 8 but the lack of interest on the manager's part made us feel like nothing. Thanks Baton Rouge for ruining our eve.
3	Ordinary. Ribs were burnt and didn't taste as good as I recalled the last time I ate here. Wine is overpriced.  Service is ok and a litte hurried.
3	Located right next to the Bell Center, it could be very difficult to find parking spot during events or work hours. The place is nice and service is good. I've been to several Baton Rouge restaurants, but ribs at this one are less tender and dryer than usual. You get a mountain of fries but they are ok, get the sweet potato fries instead.I tried the Lobster Risotto for a change and it was terrible. Do not waste your money on that. There was more corn than rice, little lobster flavour.
