1	This Taco Bell/KFC is the worst! They never seem to get the order right and they always let you drive away from the drive thru without even asking if you want any sauce. It's maddening.
2	I go to this Taco Bell/KFC because it's close to home...and that's the ONLY reason!The staff can be rude at times and doesn't give much thought to customer service. The employees are unaware of what actually comes in combos and will give misinformation. When eating here I always go inside to order so that I can ask  what food is fresh, that'll determine what I order.I gave them two starts because the restaurant is clean and they've got a high sanitation rating.
1	Went there a few times and everything was great. But recently, saw a fight between staff and customers, severely wrong order. What I got and what I ordered were not even imaginable as being accidental. There's a new Zaxbys in that area, go there instead.
1	I ordered a $28 KFC bucket from this KFC/Taco Bell. I was ignored for 15 minutes while I stood at the counter. After 15 minutes I was told that they do not have the Extra Crispy chicken that I ordered. I asked for my money back and the cashier was very hesitant and insisted that I could have original or grilled instead. When the manager came over she was very prompt and polite in giving my money back. The cashier name on the receipt was 'Newbie'. I will never visit this store again.
1	I just arrived at this KFC to order some wings and the line was so long we waited 15 minutes to hear that they are out of wings. I said that's fine and requested something else, just to hear the girl tell me that they are out of all chicken. I decided to go for Taco Bell just to hear that they are also out of ground beef. I asked the girl why she didn't mention it before she asked me for my order and she said because they are getting ready to close. By the way, this was an hour before closing time. The drive through is so narrow that you have to wait for all the cars to go in order to get out. All the cars in the drive through left empty handed. When we drove around we noticed all the night shift employees sitting in the dining area chit chatting to one another. Might as well close the place down if they dont have the proper ingredients to prepare their food. If they don't have any chicken then what can I really order, their mash?Avoid if possible!
