4	I scheduled my appointment via phone for my two cats.  All I needed was to get their claws trimmed and their teeth brushed and the guy scheduled me.  When I went into the store they didn't even ask me my name.  They saw I had a kitten (was only able to catch one of my kittens, the other wouldn't leave the house that day) and immediately took care of her.  Obviously it's mostly dogs, and as the guy said on the phone, if there is a cat in there they will do them first because they don't want the cats stressing out.  Love that!  So I got Zoey's claws trimmed, and to my dismay, she was being a lot easier on this professional!  I felt betrayed, Zoey is always giving me a hard time when I clip her claws.  Then I asked about the teeth brushing (this is where 5 stars goes to 4) and the lady said that cats don't need their teeth brushed because the foam doesn't work the same way it would for dogs.  Now, this is the first time I've ever heard this.  I've even looked it up before and from most of my reading it says cats should get their teeth brushed (some even say as often as humans).  Maybe that's her opinion, and while I would've preferred her to just brush them anyway, she just gave her some breath-spray instead.  Which is fine.  The customer service I received was great, but it still is confusing to me how the guy on the phone allowed me to scheduled a teeth cleaning but when I go in there, this lady tells me they don't do that for cats.  Hmm.  Just a bit of some confusion there.  Anyway, it was 5 dollars to get the claws trimmed and I was in and out in 5 minutes as well, overall great experience!  All the grooming seems to be done out in the open, which is really good to see, they shouldn't have anything to hide.  Everyone else in there was friendly.
1	If I could give this place the shadow of 1-star I would! I picked up my doggy and didn't think anything until the poor thing couldn't stop licking all his paws. I began to check him out and he turned out having a huge gash, open wound underneath his left eye! It looked like raw skin, I had to treat him with antibiotics. The reason why my dog was licking his paws was also because they were all cut up. When I originally picked him up, he was wearing this adorable bandana but when I removed it, there were patches of hair on his neck that weren't groomed. I'm feeling like the worse pet owner for having brought my pup here. Terrible service, would never put the life of my pup on their hands again!!!
1	I started going to this place when it first opened. They WERE great.....until it started becoming popular, more people working there, more about the business and not the animals. The first time I went in, they did cut my shih tzu but offered lifetime teeth cleaning. The next few times were great. About 6 months ago, I brought my boys home and one was so sad and his bottom was extremely irritated from the gland extraction. The other one was dragging his behind. I decided to take then again thinking it may have been due to the fact they had their comprehensive health exam the following day. Nope! A day later, the both had ear infections....for the first time, and come to find out one of them still had full glands! I would not recommend this place.....they've lost sight of the animals and it really shows!
4	I always take my two pups there just to get their nails clipped. They are quick and very friendly! I would reccomend!
1	God forbid you have a bad experience with this business or they will come after you with harassment via Yelp. They sent me a private message to contact them after I posted pictures of my injured gashed up animal, which at the time of pick up I was not notified off. I should have contacted them but it is not my obligation especially after being upset about my injured pup. Yelp provides an opportunity for people to write reviews on businesses from their personal experience so if the person rates a business low I think it's inappropriate in my opinion to get harassing comments from the business itself on what you should do or shouldn't! Carl, I am a US citizen entitled to exercise my freedom of speech. I have my own opinions and therefore my apology if you didn't like my review. I don't appreciate the harassing comments, my intent was not to bash your business online but to review on according my experience. Please do not contact me in private.
4	Came here with our GSD because we needed him groomed so he can stay at my boyfriend's mom's place since allergies are intense at that household. Anyways first off, $50 FOR GROOMING FOR AN 80LB DOG IS AMAZING. Wow. Back at home I would be paying $80. Damn it Bay Area. Place is cash or check only.So I hear it is better to make an appointment (especially if you have a big dog since they can only take 4), but we just walked in and they took our dog. They were so gentle with him, and this was one of the first places where they did not put a muzzle on him (: YAY.We dropped him off early and he came back to us within 3 hours. They called when they were almost done so that we can get our puppy exactly when he was done. Which is nice because then he doesn't have to wait in the crates for long. Our puppy came back smelling amazing, with his nails clipped, ears cleaned, buzzed to a good length, cleaned teeth, and with a cute little handkerchief tied around his neck. (:Thanks Bark Place Grooming. I took one star away because service is slow when there is a line since only one worker is helping at the front desk. But I'll be taking my puppy here every time we visit Vegas with him.
1	One star is one too many.  I took my pups here to get their nails trimmed because it is down the street from my house.  Normally they get their nails trimmed at the vet's office.  I asked if I could go back with my pups and specifically told them it was because they both were nervous at groomers and don't like their feet touched.  The groomer didn't pet my dog, talk to him or do anything to help him feel like she was a friend not some scary lady with clippers.  In fact, she was rough with him and made the situation 100X worse with her very irritated and unfriendly demeanor.  Unfortunately he nipped her and she proceeded to YELL at him, called him a bad dog and then VERY roughly put a muzzle on him.  At one point he fell off the table and was hanging by the lead and she stood there and did nothing.  My dog has NEVER nipped at a groomer, nor has needed a muzzle before but clearly he was scared and took this lady as a threat.  Another groomer stepped in, finished the trim and then trimmed my second dog's nails.  She wasn't friendly with me or the dogs either.The two groomers we interacted with are not animal people.  I can't speak for the rest of the groomers there - and there were several.  They were not caring and loving towards my dogs, which I expect from a groomer or any other professional my dogs interact with.  I feel awful that my dogs had to endure this bad experience but am so thankful I didn't drop them off for the afternoon.  I shudder to think of how they treat animals when there aren't customers there.
5	This was my first time here and I'm really happy. Not only am I happy but, my dog seems really happy! :) most people would have shaved my god bald but they took really great care of him and I'm so happy!!!    I will def be back. :)
2	I have been going to Bark Place for a few years. I trust them more than the chain groomers and their service is generally good. I would advise avoiding Saturday morning grooming, super busy. When I brought in my three dogs, who are always anxious when they go to vet or groomer, the receptionist took all three dogs and dragged my chihuahua behind her. When I asked her to stop she nearly stepped on him. When I returned the groomer informed me she cut my dog with the clippers. I appreciate that she told me and did call to follow up the next day. The cut did become infected and required vet care with a hefty bill. Nothing intentionally was done wrong but still a frustrating situation.
5	I have been going here for 2 years now...Leslie is amazing with my dog Teddy! He becomes soo excited when I even mention her name!! I have never been disappointed in the grooming or the care and attention they all provide when I walk thru the door! Never had a problem with booking an appointment, I can call last minute and they will do there best to fit me in! Very reasonable in pricing too!! Thanks Leslie , Carl and staff for taking EXCELLENT care of Teddy!!
4	Best groomers i've had. They take care of my Winston!
1	::sigh::  Why am I not surprised the owner would comment on my review, not take responsibility for his store's horrible service, blame it on me or my dog, accuse me of lying and ask me to take my review down?  Oh, that's right, because that's how he responds to all the negative reviews here.  Carl, if you indeed have a surveillance video with sound, then I'm sure you saw and heard me talking to your employee about going back with my dog.  She said, "we actually prefer owners to come back if their dogs are difficult."  My dogs (both of them) were on the groomers table attached to the lead.  Neither of them were in my arms, as you stated. The groomer that yelled at my dog, actually said, "that dog nipped me."  But I'm sure, since you have sound, you heard that.  There was one drop of blood.  One.  No teeth marks.  Certainly not a bite.  But unfortunate for all involved.And the vet - yes, my vet does take my dogs back without me when they get their nails trimmed.  I'm not sure what your point is.  My point was, and still is, that MY experience and MY DOGS experience at Bark Place Grooming was AWFUL.  And as another reviewer pointed out, that's what Yelp reviews are - experiences, thoughts and opinions of individuals who are/were customers of your business.  So no, I will not remove my review.  I'm sorry you don't see negative reviews as an opportunity to train your employees and make your business better.  As someone checking out the reviews here, I wouldn't take my dogs to your shop based SOLELY on your responses to negative reviews.  They are very telling.Still less than 1 star.  Still never going back.  Still wouldn't recommend to anyone.
5	I have been taking my schnauzer Akima here since he was a puppy and now he is over two years old. I have always had great service and whatever I ask for the staff always accommodates. I have had many dogs growing up and have been to many groomers and this has been by far one of the best.
5	I brought my newly adopted kitties here being that they were filthy from the animal shelter. My five year old Hansel got his nails clipped, a bath, and a brush down/blow out. My one year old Gretel got the same but needed some shaving due to her matted hair on her back. Leslie who takes care of the cats did a wonderful job! They look so fancy. I was told up front that I would need to leave them there for 3-4 hours, and that they only accept cash or check. Everyone was friendly on the phone and in person and their prices are great. Go support local businesses!
4	I have been taking my Yorkie/ Maltese and English Bulldog to Bark Place for almost a year and half. I have always been able to call and they have always been able to take one or both of my dogs (I don't always take my Bulldog) the same day which is super convenient! They are always ready for me when I arrive and they take the dogs right back. I have never had a problem with the grooming my dogs have received here. They have always done exactly what I have requested and I have never seen any knick marks or cuts on my dogs. The last time I took in my Yorkie/ Maltese he was really over grown, because I thought he looked super cute as a long haired mutt and I just didn't want to get him a hair cut! But I finally felt so bad for him, despite how cute he looked, so I took him in. I was really impressed because they still charged the same $45 to have him completely clipped down! He looked like a whole new dog when they were done! My only wish about Bark Place would be that they took debit cards. It might sound silly, but I never have cash on me.
5	We love bringing our dog in here!  We have been coming for a little over 2 years now...and we have never had a problem!  Everyone here loves our dog (Bones), and fights to take care of him. The owner.....I think.....is super nice, and he's always happy when u go in. Thank u for the wonderful service!
2	I took my six month poodle/terrier to get his first hair cut and I knew it would be short because he was started to get matted. I called at two and they said they would take him today if we got him there within twenty minutes, which was pretty nice. The people there were friendly and they had a couple different dogs there so they seemed busy. They close at five and will keep your dog over night if your not there to pick them up and then charge a boarding fee. They called me at 4:51 saying he was done, if I wasn't sitting outside or aware of what time they closed he would have been kept. Now about his hair cut... I knew it would be short and I understand it might have been difficult to cut him but they ended up cutting his poor testicles note he won't stop messing with them because they are raw and hurt. If it wasn't for his testicles being cut they would of got a higher ranking.
5	I have been back twice (or actually my pets have) since my last review. LOVE IT. They treat my kitties with a lot of love and patience. I even got my mom to take her cat it, now his coat is fluffy, soft, and beautiful.
2	I had hopes things would turn around. We've been coming for awhile and the last 2 times we were not happy. We always go as a walk-in BUT we call first to make sure there's time. In my opinion if you can't accommodate someone as a walk-in suggest making an appointment. He is usually waiting for 4 hours, at least, before he is groomed. This last time they told us he would be ready at 2:30 when we got there he was barely getting started. My husband had another appointment and I didn't get out if work until 5:30, they called me close to 4, left a message. I had to leave work early to pick him up, when I got there they apologized and said they were going to wait until I got out of work. That would have been useful info in the message they left.   He had been cut a few times before and this time his booty/tail area seems a little raw and he keeps gnawing on his paws.  I gave an extra star because the hair cuts always look good if you ignore all the other negatives.  We will be looking for another groomer, I don't like my dog to wait in a crate all day long.
1	I was very sad to only give this place 1 star. We went here back in September and they were super friendly,  only charged me $70 for my two Pomeranians to get shaved down ($40 for my larger 10lb Pom, and $30 for my smaller 2lb Pom). I wrote them a check for $80.00 ($10.00 tip- and they don't take card). We then took our dogs back to get their nails clipped, same great service. I called in today (3/30/14) to get my same Poms shaved down for the summer, and spoke with Carl (the owner from what I can tell) and he pulled my "paperwork" up and falsely told me that I paid $90 for my dogs (I have my checkbook that proves otherwise). He wasn't very helpful, and I decided to take my business elsewhere. On their website, it specifically states that prices are based on the dogs needs... Well, I would like to know why my smaller Pom (who requires a lot less time) is the same price as my larger Pom... Pretty false information. I love to help out smaller, local businesses over bigger places like petsmart, or petco... But, when the manager lies and tells you that you paid more than you actually did (once again, I have the proof), it seems like pretty shady business. I will it be further recommending this place to any of my fellow dog owners.
5	First time taking my german shepherd to a groomer and it was amazing. The staff there are friendly and very knowledgable about the animals. They did a great job and are so affordable!
5	I love this groomer.  They are a bit pricey but the owner is dedicated to keeping customers happy.  They always give us what we've asked for and the few times I wanted something done slightly different (cut a little shorter, etc), they've been happy to accommodate us.
4	This place is awesome! I've taken my dog to multiple grooming salons and he will always have a problem after I took him home. First place I took him he got an ear infection, second place he had razor burns (bad razor burns where he was actually bleeding) third place, he had BOTH ears infected. Then I finally decided to try 1 more time and took him to bark place. I'm so glad I did. I've taken him twice already he comes back without any problems. First time I took him I talked to the owner and she was the one who groomed my dog, she did an awesome job! she really understood everything I had gone through and took really good care of him. The second time I went it was another dog groomer but still did a great job. I will always go to them from now on, plus they give him a free bandana each time he goes :) Its time for him to get groomed again, so time to make an appointment!
5	Such a great business. Everyone is so personable, welcoming, and very loving towards the dogs. I went to one other grooming facility on this side of town and was incredibly disappointed in their service. Thank goodness I found this place. They always do a great job and are very fast on getting him done, they take care that he has a torn ACL repair and take their time with him since he's not a fan of water. I can not say enough good things about this place. I highly recommend them!
5	Riley (my dog) always looks great after spending some time here.  The staff is always very friendly and accomodating with same day appointments.  I recommend this place to all my friends looking for a groomer.
4	We have been to Bark Place many times and always have good service. Our dog hates being groomed. He will run away from his brush at home. He always looks and smells great after being groomed. This place is accommodating to walk ins. We usually call ahead so our dog doesn't have to sit there all day. His visits are usually less than 3 hours. One star lost because they don't take debit and credit cards.
5	Staff is great! Treatment of animals is Great! I would definitely recommend this place!
5	I cannot thank the staff enough for their kindness and customer service. I brought my 14 year old cat in yesterday to get shaved due to her matts. I was defiantly the annoying customer asking a million questions. I believe the regular cat groomer took the day off, but another groomer offered to take care of Chloe for me. They finished her very quickly for me; I ended up getting held up at work and they were so sweet and understanding. I was frankly a little embarrassed to bring Chloe in, but they made me feel very comfortable. I don't live very close, but I work right across the street . Even though it's out of the way on my days off, I feel like I found my groomers . I plan on making appointments for my two large dogs soon. Thank you again !
5	I was looking for a groomers close to my new home and even though now I had petsmart almost across the street I wanted to give someone else a try since petsmart is so expensive, and that's when I found this little place still close to home.  I love that the staff is so friendly and outgoing.  It took them 3 hrs to do both my dogs and that's how long petsmart would take just for one.  They did a better job than expected, my girls came home deshedded, nails trimmed, clean and good smelling, oh and to my surprise they also gave them a cute bandana :)  each.  So for less than what I paid for 1 at petsmart I was able to do both my dogs.  I'm so glad I found this place, goodbye pricey petsmart.
5	I have a Rottweiler, and Rachel is fantastic with him. Watching others, they handle the dogs with great care and when my little boy comes home, he looks and smells fantastic. My neighbors always comment how shiny his coat is. Fantastic grooming salon, only nit pick is they don't take credit cards. It's the only nit pick I have, and their service and how they will treat your dog is A+.
5	I got a referral from my vet office. So after our vet appointment I stopped in to make an appointment to get my yorkie groomed (it had been 6 months since her last grooming!! and I usually take her every 6 weeks or so) To my surprise they were able to take her right then and within a few hours she was done.  She looked fantastic!!! Very happy and she will be going back on a regular basis!!
