1	I took my vehicle into Outlaw Classic & Exotic Motorcars to get some repair work done. I was straightforward with the owner from the moment I walked in, stating that I was seeking immediate engine repairs that would enable the vehicle to be registered (needs to be able to pass smog check) and used daily (short commute to and from work). The owner then asked how much money I would be willing to spend for this visit, to which I replied, "$2000". The owner then made it sound like we could definitely get the car running well and reliable for awhile with that much money. Not knowing much about auto repair myself, I inquired what repairs he thought would be best to do with that amount of money. After telling me, I then asked when I could expect my car to be done, to which he replied two or three days. I went ahead and paid 50% of the repair cost and went on my way. Eight days later, my car was ready to be picked up. I paid the other 50% (plus an additional $100 he tacked on), and was happy that it ran well and passed its smog check. On day five of having it back in my possession, it broke down on a short trip to the store.With it now running worse than when I took it in, I am puzzled at what the heck is going on. The owner's solution was for me to get it towed in to his shop, at my own expense, and pay for additional repairs. Wait, I just paid you over $2000 for some engine work, and my car now won't even run for a full week of light driving... why would I pay for more repair work and false promises?
5	I'm very thankful to have found outlaw classics. I have a 1966 chevelle malibu that needed a lot of work. New wiring, interior ,radiator, carborator, ignition kill switch and stereo any thing that needed to be done was taking care of. They can do it all. Top notch friendly family ran business. My car runs like a beast now!!! Thanks Outlaw classics !!!
5	When we moved to Vegas we had my husbands Hot Rod  sitting in the garage.  After living with it leaking oil, and being a car that could not be depended on...I snapped!  I found Outlaw Classic and demanded that he took it there or I would push it out onto the street and sell it!  I am happy to say that the Car is running great now and my Husband is not hitch hiking on the side of the highway!  Thanks to Outlaw Classic's I did NOT sale the car.....yet
5	We hired Outlaw to work on our 1971 Ford Bronco. We met with the team and went through what we would like to have done on the vehicle. Through the process, I found them to be fantastic at communicating with me on ideas and the status. By the end of the process, the project came out better than ever expected and they met their price at the same time. I will plan to use them again.
2	Shortly after this was posted, the owner contacted me. He offered to, at his own expense, tow my vehicle into his shop and make some repairs. At his word this time, he did just that and my car is now actually running.While I wish this would have been resolved immediately, as soon as the issue arose, I do appreciate that the owner ultimately made the extra effort.
5	I brought my 1955 Ford F100 into Outlaw's to repair my brakes that I have been having trouble with for months. They talked to me in length about what I wanted done with my Ford and walked me through the process of getting it fixed. They called me a few days later and told me the brakes were done, on top of that, they also fixed minor problems they found along the way, which was a pleasant surprise. They were very professional, knowledgeable, and reasonably priced. My wife had to make an emergency stop to avoid an accident in the F100 shortly after the repair and thanks to their work, it stopped perfectly.
