5	Even though we lost our last cat (Cleo) and both beagles (Precious & Baby) last year, Debbie from Critter Sitter watched over them with great care while we were away on trips and couldn't take them. When the animals were getting old and having medical problems, Debbie diligently followed the medical instructions in giving injections and meds. When she learned of Cleo & Baby's passing, she genuinely cried like they were her own.I just noticed on the website that it's Patti's email address & not Debbie's. Maybe Debbie sold the business to Patti (not sure). I also saw Cleo's picture & Precious's picture on their gallery. ::tears!::If Debbie did sell the business, then I trust that it's in good hands.
5	no friends available and we needed to leave town. Oh,no. but then we heard great things about this company.we called, they wanted to meet and asses my dogs(pitbulls).she was happy with there obedience, up to date shots and loving demeanor.  we negotiated a deal that was fair. upon arriving home I was shocked how thorough she was. she evaluated my dogs every time they were told to go potty. my older dog is all business and back to the door, but my 5 year old like to sniff and chill, then down to business.  she also left notes about how to get her trained like my alpha bitch.what a great service, they won't even wear a labeled shirt (or car) so people don't know your gone. they have a great key system so if they are stolen a crook could never find your address.
5	Pattie not only took a last minute request from me, she came over for a consultation with just a few hours notice. My cats loved her and her sister, Marie. These gals  are real animal lovers who are professional, kind and accommodating. I even got a check-in text while I was away to let me know everything was ok. I can not recommend them highly enough. If you want to leave town, rest assured your pets are in great hands with Critter Sitter. Thanks, Pattie!
5	Pattie and sister Marie were very friendly , high energy and you could tell they loved their profession  , they take notes and are very thorough , I felt very comfortable leaving our two cats and our home in their hands.  I would highly recommend them and would not hesitate too call on them again .
5	Patti Mainini with Critter Sitter has been my dog walker for over a year.  Patti has been a blessing to my family, she takes care of my two dogs Buddy and Isabella.  She goes over and beyond to take care of my pets and my home.  She is extremely detailed with her messages regarding how each visit goes, if she detects a problem she calls right away.  Patti even takes out my trash and will wash my coffee cup in the sink, I have never ask her to do this for me.  I have seen first hand how she is with my dogs and I couldn't ask for more.  Patti is wonderful with them and they love her!  I highly recommend her to any and everyone to higher her as your pet sitter.  I love that when I go to work I know that my dogs are in great hands, that is a great feeling.  She has even done over night stays for me and she did an amazing job.  I whole heartily trust her and love what she has done for us.  I have had three other dog sitters and they don't even compare to her.  Hire Patti and you will be extremely happy!
5	Excellent service, compassionate, meticulous, very thorough with the care. We called and set up a meet and right away knew we'd get along and since our cats are very social they loved them as well. Everyday we'd get a text ed update telling us how they were doing, our concern because we had just put a beloved cat down and thought with the loss and us being away would bring out some behavior changes, but they adapted well especially since we had the sitters come out everyday, at least there was someone there to play. A big surprise were the pictures, we received several photos of our little ones so I felt more comfortable knowing someone was there, and looking after them. When we returned home everything looked good, even the cat dishes were washed. If you are looking for good dependable pet sitters you cannot find a better company!
5	Once again we needed someone to watch after our little fur balls, we were going home for the holidays.  I put in the request about two months prior to our actual dates just to be sure we had coverage during the holidays, and they had no problem with the dates.  About a week before we were to leave I got a confirmation text and we left a note on the counter with the payment as per our arrangements.  The prior encounter, we had agreed for them to keep our house keys for future arranged visits.  Pattie is very reliable, does a thorough job, and sends daily up dates and an occasional picture or two. Excellent service, if you thinking about using them, do not hesitate!
5	Critter Sitter is the best pet sitter. She is kind and caring and I know that I have no worries if I need to leave town because of her wonderful care of my animals. She has excellent communication with me before, during and after.
5	I highly recommend Critter Sitter for all of your pet sitting needs. We have used Pattie's services twice to watch our 4 cats and she has been punctual and always confirms the dates with us. My favorite part of her service is the text messages and photos she sends after every visit which gives me peace of mind that my "babies" are okay.
5	Patti is amazing! She loves Marley like he is her own! While on vacation, he needed a different dog food and she went out purchased it and then sat with him to make sure he ate. She brushes him, snuggles him and walks him. Gives him a bath and sends the best pictures an updates about his day. Her care of him has made going away much more fun. I am always confident that Marley is well cared for and loved. I can not say enough great things about her.
5	I am so impressed with Pattie and her services. I needed a sitter for my little mongrels and she came to the rescue. I was disappointed when two different sitting services never showed up and another never called back. Pattie met me the same day I called and explained Her services in detail. She was sweet, patient and licensed and insured. While I was gone she sent me constant text message updates and even pictures of my puppies. She kept my house clean and safe, and her rates are very reasonable. I HIGHLY recommend Pattie from Critter Sitter for all your sitting needs!! A++++++
5	My girlfriend and I needed someone to watch our two cats for when we left town for a week. We were very impressed with her professionalism and dependability. She has quite a few clients but was still able to come for a consultation on a short notice. During this she brought all of the necessary paperwork, copies of reference letters, documentation of her licensing and insurance and overall did an excellent job of leaving no loose ends or any doubt in our minds. Her rates are very reasonable and we could tell by the way she was around our cats that she is very good with animals and extremely comfortable around them but more importantly able to put them at ease. We received texts and pictures throughout the week and as far as we could tell she followed all of our instructions. Bottom line, it is very difficult to find good and dependable businesses in this city, and Patty was a breath of fresh air. We will most definitely be using her again knowing that we can trust her with our pets and home.
5	I wish I could give more stars for the unbelievable service we receive from Patti . I can't even begin to tell you the amount of respect and appreciation we have for Patti and Critter Sitters. We adopted a 1lb. Feral kitten named Smudge 2 1/2 years ago . This fur baby could barely walk or hold his head up . He was in desparate need of love and support and nutrition. I had him for only two weeks and had to leave on a trip. I was so worried as it is extremely difficult to trust anyone to be responsible , accountable and dependable in Las Vegas in general . Patti came right over . She genuinely cared about Smudgie and about us . She wanted to meet us and the kitten and discuss everything that we wanted. She fell in love with our kitten and I could just tell she was going to care for him . She was very thorough in discussing the care we felt we wanted for him. She even asked if we preferred tap water or the filtered water from the fridge , cold or room temp . She asked which vet would care for him in case of an emergency . I just can't even explain the comfort level I feel . She has had the key to my home for two years now . I travel quite a bit and trust her implicitly . I even locked myself out of the house one day at 6am and she drove over to let me in ! She is just a genuine human being who loves her clients and their fur babies. There is not an ounce of deception or fakeness in her soul . She is a true angel to animals . She sends me the sweetest texts of my boy every time she visits . It makes me feel good to know he is loved while I'm gone. when I return home , he is calm and happy , so I know she has spent time with him. Patti has become part of our family . Our kitten still exhibits feral behavior and he doesn't take to people easily. You must invest time , love , patience and caring before he shows affection. It took Patti som, but he bonded with her and I feel so comfortable having her to rely on at a moments notice. You really should give Patti a try .Her rates are more than reasonable for the service she provides. SHHH don't tell her . : ) Patti @ Critter Sitters is by far the best kept secret in Las Vegas !
5	Pattie is absolutely, hands down, the best pet sitter you could find in Vegas. Pattie has always gone way over and above our expectations, and our pets do not seem stressed when we come home from vacations. We treat our pets like family, and miss them like they're our kids, so we love the updates she sends with pictures several times per day. This is the second year in a row that we have been lucky enough to have Pattie care for our babies, and we've never had any complaints.
5	The ONLY PERSON WE TRUST is Pattie! We moved to LV a year ago and had a trip planned months before we moved. But we didn't know anyone and almost had to cancel the trip! Until I found Pattie with Critter Sitter! She has watched our 2 very needy cats over 20 times. Sometimes for 10 days at a time and sometimes just a day here and there when I go out of town for a night. She is not just a pet sitter, she is family now. Our cats absolutely love her and I think they actually get sad when we get home from vacation! Lol. We trust Pattie with our home and our fur babies. She sends daily text updates and pictures!!!!! She knows our vet and we feel totally confident she would do everything possible to make sure they were treated in case of any emergency or situation. If you are looking for an animal lover who goes above and beyond, is reliable, available, loving and trustworthy then LOOK NO FURTHER!!!!!! Pattie is THE BEST PET SITTER and we are so blessed to have her in our life!
5	Pattie is the best... She is so professional, and she clearly loves her job and loves animals! She has been so great coming to our rescue twice with very short notice when we needed someone to watch our Boxer for a few days. She sends updates and pictures, which is so great when you're away from your pet. We love critter sitter!!
5	All I need to say  is Wow!  Pattie is an amazing pet sitter and an amazing human.  If you are at all concerned about leaving your pets while away, you no longer have to be, if you found Pattie with Critter Sitter.  She is so professional and comes to meet with you before you leave for your trip.  During this initial visit, she discusses her experiences and leaves you with paperwork where you can provide details about your pet and his/her behaviors/habits.   She also gives you a list of references and provides you with her insurance information to indicate legitimacy.  It can be quite scary letting folks into your home and taking care of your fur babies, but have no fear if you hire Pattie.  Pattie is upbeat, friendly and warm.  While I was away, she sent me texts to update me and sent me photos of my boy Jupiter.  That was awesome.  When I returned, my house was spotless, Jupiter was happy and I found a welcome home card from Pattie.  What I like the most about Pattie is her communication skills and her ability to make me feel relaxed while I was away.  I am so ecstatic that I found Pattie with Critter Sitter.  Thank you Pattie for being amazing.
