5	I have been training with Vikie for the last two years and could not be more excited to be a part of FLX. The personal trainers at FLX are highly qualified and know what they are doing. They are not just some 18 year old guys who got online certifications to be trainers. The gym is clean and you get the personal attention you deserve for any fitness level.I have tried out the Zumba classes and really enjoy them! The exciting music and fun instructors help make Zumba a great workout for everyone (even for people like me who cannot dance and have no rhythm). I am looking forward to trying out the aerial yoga, barre and cardio conditioning classes soon!
5	FLX... what a great space and great people!I got the training special on their website (5 personal training sessions for $99= awesome!) with the hopes that I could find my motivation again for working out. My energy had been low and I knew that exercise was the key to getting it back... and that Vikie could help!Vikie had been my trainer at a local gym, and I knew that she would challenge me and help strengthen the areas where I have issues (like my knees), but also make it fun. Vikie has a great positive energy about her, and has the experience and education to do it right. It also helps that she has a lot of "East Coast" in her personality, so she's really funny too!I love the space. it has great natural lighting and has an openness about it- and an overall inspiring feeling with lots of fun motivational sayings on the walls. They have several cardio machines- like treadmills, an elliptical machine, an exercise bike, etc, as well as free weights, balance balls, and some of the same type of weight equipment she trained me on back at the other gym... and on the other side they have some amazing aerial yoga harnesses that I can't wait to go back and try!When I arrived for my first session, I was greeted by Lori, who made me feel welcome and had me start warming up for the training session. When I was warmed up and ready, Vikie began the assessment. We discussed goals, issues I was having, and then jumped into the training. She's great about checking in as you're doing the routines to make sure the weight is appropriate and you're feeling it where you should be feeling it. And when it was over, she's got a great stretching machine that I used to help stretch out a bit.For the rest of the day, I definitely felt an increase in my energy, and I am looking forward to the rest of my sessions. I'm also really excited about trying out their aerial yoga classes, barre classes, and Zumba. They've really found a way to make working out fun and exciting!
5	Aerial yoga with Stephanye is super fun.  Looking forward to trying a barre class soon as well.
5	If you are looking for a great place to work out- come to Fit N Lean X-ercise. I have been going here for the last 5 months and I absolutely love it. They are offering a class called CoreBar which is totally insane and one of the best workouts I have ever had. This class kicks my butt and the results are noticeable! Jacob is the instructor for this class and he does such a good job welcoming newbies and working you through those first few times. You gotta see this class as I think it might be the only one offered in Arizona right now...? crazy! :)If you like Zumba... COME! They have 5 dollar drop in Zumba classes and the instructors are good. You will sweat, meet people and have a blast. I know they also offer personal training if that is something that interests ya. I will continue to frequent this place. I love working out with a good group of fun people and Fit N Lean provides that space. Come and buy a package- you won't regret it and the sweating will be worth it :)
