3	A little run down. But you get what you pay for I guess.
4	I have no complaints about Flagstone. I live in a studio apartment where everything is included (except cable/internet) and it's about $630-640 depending on water usage, but in my year and a half has never been over 640. Even though they control the air and heat, it is based on weather trends and not a fixed date.The staff is nice enough, I've never had to deal with them for any issues; I pick up packages and ask random questions when needed and they are professional and helpful. The maintenance guys are really nice and always checking up on me if they see me walking around the property. My A/C went out once in the summer and they were there in an hour or so. Fixed it up quick. And they're really nice when I call about my garbage disposal even though they've shown me where the switch is a few times haha.Rent is reasonable, staff is nice and helpful, grounds are decent. They even put in a cute little dog park recently! I'd recommend living here to any friend or family member.
1	THE FAIR AND REAL DEAL: After reading reviews about Flagstone, the staff at the leasing office persuaded me that the reviews were untrue and this was a great place to live. So unfortunately, I decided to move in. I moved into a Studio apartment, which was disgusting. Stained mirrors, stained carpet, stained cabinets. It was a disaster. To be fair, I chose to rent a regular Studio apartment instead of a "Deluxe Studio" which was more expensive. When I moved in, no one told me about the laundry policy and it was not written in the lease anywhere. So the first weekend I moved in, I threw all my laundry in two washing machines doused with laundry detergent and fabric softener to find out that the laundry machines do not take any money, you have to buy a laundry card. Here's the most bizarre part: you can ONLY purchase a laundry card with a 5 dollar bill. It has to be a 5 dollar bill. No 5 $1 bills, you can't use a credit card, and you can't use anything higher than a $5 bill. The rule is stupid, but I wouldn't have been mad if someone told me this when I moved in. Instead, I had to take my detergent soaked clothes out of the machines and back to my apartment because the leasing office was closing and that is where you much purchase your laundry card. Next, I have now been locked INSIDE of the pool area FOUR different times in the last 6 weeks because the gate jams and the gate that actually works has a lock on it (which I have asked multiple times for them to remove it but they haven't). Every time I had to call the leasing office to get me out. Thankfully there were open because none of my neighbors cared enough to help me get out. Two times when I spoke with Erica people came right away, even she came to bail me out herself (Erica is the only person who is helpful in the office). The other two times, the leasing agent to me I had to wait. Once because "the staff was on a lunch break" and the other time because "the staff was busy." So I stood waiting a good 20 minutes to get out. I felt like an animal trapped in a cage. Now for the biggest complaint, a few days ago we were given a notice that "AC IS NO LONGER AN OPTION." That's right, they have completely turned air conditioning off. It is still 72 degrees outside. Last night I turned my ceiling fan on the highest it could go, bought fans to keep me cool, but I still woke up in a sweat. It was miserable. If you choose to live here you will also frequently receive notices about the water being shut off all day. The funny thing is that they will give you a notice at 11:00am that the water is being shut off at 10:00am-7:00pm. Thanks for the heads up. My last biggest complaint is about the electricity. When I heard you pay a "flat electricity rate" I thought that's great! Here's the thing, the lights are motion censored and will turn off, but not on. The biggest fear is the motion censored bathroom light. When you are taking a bath or a shower, the light with randomly turn off. This is a safety hazard and significantly inconvenient. I have already taken a few slips from not being able to see. To be fair, I will list pros about these apartments. The complex is for the most part, very quiet and peaceful. I haven't had any complaints about loud neighbors or any loud parties. The community seems to be filled with people who go to work and come home to rest. The quiet makes for a peaceful setting. Also, the landscaping is beautiful and is kept up very well. The trees that surround the complex makes for beautiful scenery. Also, the grounds are kept clean and tidy. I have yet to see anyone not pick up after their dog, and there is no trash or cigarette butts laying around. To a friend, I would not recommend living here. But if you want something cheap and don't care about what I have mentioned above, then this is the place for you. P.S. The pools are NOT open 24 hours as listed on websites.
1	DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! Unless you enjoy living in the ghetto (with people threatening to kick your ass), enjoy seeing the police all the time, and the worst management staff in existence. I just had an incident where there were young children in the pool behaving in the worst way all day. I understand that they are children and "children want to play" and I ignored it for a couple hours, but then came the breaking of the safety equipment and sprinting around the pool without any parent supervision in the pool area and that is unacceptable. I called management and someone came over and tracked down the parents to tell them to watch their kids. That did absolutely nothing and the behavior got even worse. Even tying the safety rope around their necks and being dragged by a kid who is sprinting around the slippery concrete. So I called management back and a different person came over and screamed at them once she saw how they were behaving. Then she was basically descended upon by people yelling at her, the parents who weren't in the pool area watching the kids. She was basically badgered by them as I tried to yell back to say what was really going on, but then I was called a bitch and threatened by a lady who disagreed that the behavior was unacceptable.  And now I fear retaliation will occur. These are the kind of people that live here. Let me note that parents are supposed to be physically present in the pool area when children are in the pool and are under the age of 14. These kids were not even close to 14. I would estimate the oldest being 9. The situation was not handled correctly by management at all. Literally all the rules were being broken, and in fact they still are as I sit here writing this. What's interesting is that the pool area was actually open. In the last month alone I've had to call 5 times for the pool to be unlocked around noon or even later. This guys job is to just unlock two gates at this pool and that apparently is too difficult. Besides the pool incidents, let me address some other problems. Do you like spanish music blaring all day? If you do, then this is the place for you. Yesterday the music was blaring so loudly ALL day that I could hear it from in my apartment building away. This complex is either liars or don't enforce rules. I was told that no Rottweilers were allowed to live in the complex or even visit the complex. I specifically asked because i wanted to get a Rot for my apartment. But of course now there is a Rot living next to me. I'm not complaining about the dog or the breed, I love both. It's the fact that I was lied to or either they make exceptions for only some people. About the police presence, they are here multiple times a week. I've seen caution tape used to tape off scenes of something that was going on. I was an idiot because I read reviews and the office told me not to listen to them, people only complain and never write positive reviews. That was a BIG mistake on my part. I can see why this complex is rated so poorly on every review site. Don't make the mistake I did and ignore the reviews. In my opinion they are all true. And let me not leave out the worst part of all. THEY TURN OFF THE AC for multiple months. It is finally back on as of last month, but for three months I couldn't even sleep because it was so miserably hot in my apartment, even with the four fans I bought. I saw people all around me struggling from how how it was. I can't even imagine how miserable it was for the dogs to be stuck in an oven all day. We live in ARIZONA we need AIR CONDITIONING. The staff at the leasing office are nice ladies, and nice people. It is my belief that they are doing the best they can, but with everything going to shit here, problems aren't solved, and it's just a cluster F. Don't do it. The flat rate price sounded great, but the bill was wayyy higher than the estimate of the cost. Just say no. In my own honest opinion I do not feel safe living here and will be moving out here as soon as my lease is up. I have to include the positives, the lay out and landscaping is very nice. The parking is nice. That's all I can think of. I hope this long post helps.
1	Do not I'm e here! There had recently been bed bugs in the building I live in...and it's not the first occurrence. The leasing office when asked would neither confirm not deny and told the girl who inquired she had nothing to worry about. When i moved in i was told there were previously bed bugs in building 5 but looked the other way. Besides the air conditioning vents never have been cleaned they are sealed shut and painted over years ago. The carpets are old and the insulation underneath is from the 70s. Te floors are vinyl laminate over vinyl laminate. The tubs are painted over to cover all the dark stains. The foundations are cracking everywhere. The pipes explode once a month and our water is shut off at least twice a month. You can't cool your apartment lower than 85 in the summer, hands down this is just a perfect description of any greystar property. Patch it up and cover instead of fixing. If you have no other place to go on earth then you might have to move here but other than that. Stay away.
3	Summary: Great place to live, once you get in. Management and Greystone is the biggest pain. They nickel and dime you, and nobody in the office seems to agree on what's correct procedure for anything.I was very satisfied with this place, for my budget. I had a studio in Building 9, near the leasing office. I spent most of my time inside my apartment and didn't really have to deal with my neighbors or the leasing office. I would have stayed longer, but circumstances made me move to another state.If you have more than $700 to spend a month and you have good credit, you could do better than Flagstone. If you're trying to save some money or you're just starting out though, this is a great place to do it.PROS-Quiet most of the time (and noise complaints are taken care of quickly - there's a number you can call after leasing office hours)-Well-kept-Pretty safe. Nothing really happens here, it's surrounded by office buildings.-Central location - not even a light away from the US-60, 15 minutes from downtown Phoenix, 10 minutes from the Mill Ave party strip-Fixed rates for utilities-No bug problems (I had them spray once a month, it's free)-Less than a mile away from ChipotleCONS-Leasing office isn't very helpful. Everyone has a different answer to the same question. God help these people.-Greystone is a large corporation that owns multiple apartment buildings, they will tack on all kinds of B-S charges, like a $13 charge for paying by credit card online, $5 "processing fee" to pay for the paper they print your bill on... etc. None of this is the leasing office's fault, you shouldn't be upset at them for it.-Walls are thin with the person you live directly next door to.-It's only gated so cars can't get in. It's very easy for anyone to walk into this complex.-The washing machines are finicky. You need to use a reloadable card, which only accepts certain bills. It costs $1.60 to wash and $2 to dry. I'd recommend using the laundromat across the street or finding a friend with a washer.
2	Alright.... So where do I start... For starters I work in retail, I hear about reviews every day and I have never felt the need to write a review for service reasons till now. So I suggest that you pay attention to my review because I am not an angry customer/ tenant going around writing bad reviews. After reading the reviews listed above, you will see similarities to back up my review. When I first moved into Flagstone I was very excited due to great customer service and seeing their show room apartment, after a couple of weeks the joyful management could care less who lived in their complex, repairs and service needs were not taken care of in a nice timely manor weeks and months would go by before anything would get done. As far as their "UPGRADES" that they up charge you for are bottom of the barrel coming from someone who works in the industry crappy coats of white primed cabinets and not even an IKEA worthy laminate counter top to finish it off, beware of the "upgraded" bathtub walls they are a cheap vinyl vi-near that will tear at the seams from steam from your shower.  Flagstone claims that they are a gated community FALSE their left gate remains open 100% of the time before and after office hours my vehicle was broken into at night along with Several other one car was even put on blocks.. How could something like this happen in a gated community with night patrol? you are putting the cube in the circle on this one, what makes this worse my car was almost broken into a second time during the day time, both times I went to notify the office exact response " Sorry we can not do anything about this, have you contacted the police if not you should" that put a great big smile on my face. A week after I broke my lease, on my move out date I stayed til midnight cleaning the apartment to an T  to make less work for the maintenance men because that's the type of person I am, and instead of dropping the keys in the late deposit box I returned them the next day in person to thank them for allowing me to stay there, but guess what the associate charged me for an extra day because I didn't drop the keys in the deposit box the night before which is apparently okay to do. To sum up my review up don't give in to what they sell its a money game to them your personal well being means nothing to them.Thank you for reading my review I hope this saves you money and peace of mind.
1	So today is 12/2/2014 for my revue about this shitty complex and shitty management in office, from all ladies working in office. Old lady with fake smiley face and quite talk when you sit with her to explain you things in this shitty apartment to other 2 ladies the manager and her bi***. Every other week you  get notifications either water or electricity is gonna be down. And and every month they increase the bill. I had an argument last night with them and I recorded if any one want that just let me know.The argument was about my rental cause I paid $900 in 11/30/2014 and in evening of 12/1/2014 I got notice to leave cause I didn't paid full amount which is I don't know how much is it. And I have to fill amount no later than 12/1/2014 if I didn't paid the full rental I get late fee $5 and something on everyday. And I don't know how much is my bill cause I didn't get the bill in mail as usual. And I have no time to go to office cause I travel all times for my job.Plus the closet door is sucks broke all times. In one and half year I asked for repair almost every month 2-3 times. Loud music all over the building. What else I tell so much things going on in this apartment. It seems all graystar corp same bad management cause I lived in other place on mill ave, and another place somewhere close to Elliot rd .
1	I did call the regional office which is was with regional manager I don't wanna to give her name cause you know her well. So she was a rood to me. And she was talking to me in phone like no one talking to her or asking her something. And other 2 ladies in office were same thing.I went to the office to tell her that I didn't get the bill in mail and she said that's no problem I told her how I know the amount of the bills and she said by tomorrow if we didn't get the rent I will start charging you a fee on every single day.I'm more than happy to talking you personally.
