5	Yogurt Kingdom is located right next to the Barro's on Signal Butte, making this a good stop for both yummy pizza and frozen yogurt. We have been here quite a few times since it opened.It is entirely self-serve and how much you pay is based on how much your yogurt plus toppings weighs at the register. They have several flavors of frozen yogurt, some of them fat/sugar free, and lots of toppings, including fresh soft mochi candy.The mural is really fun to look at, and the owner is definitely a character. Love it here :)
2	After visiting this place shortly after its opening, I decided despite my major disappointment to cut them a break, and not post a yelp review. However, after visiting two other self-serve yogurt shops in the valley, I am completely convinced that I will not return.-The experience- not sure what kind of business opens its doors to the public but makes it impossible for them to park directly in front of the store by blocking off the first 4 parking spots available with tacky lawn furniture, a bed sheet, and hand made signs that said no parking, but this was what I was greeted with. (and yet I still went inside...somebody slap me now...the writing was literally on a rope).  I am assuming the owners were the adult couple fidgeting with the lawn furniture and flitting around the store.  They weren't friendly, they never once cracked a smile, never made eye contact with their customers (there were at least three groups of people having yogurt, and based on overhearing the register totals, they had cleared over $100 in yogurt sales in just under 15 minutes...that would make ME smile! but I guess I'm not over invested in a giant yogurt shop) The store was fairly well littered with multi-level marketing type product, business cards, etc, all with the same name on it...the owners?  Not sure, but my experience there felt like I had walked into a den of desperation.-The Yogurt- eh.  I didn't care for it.  But lets face it, taste is subjective.  Not sure what Yogurt Kingdom claims, but based on the overly sweet, muddled flavors, I am guessing that the yogurt flavors are not 100% natural.  -The Price- well, .39 cents an ounce seems to be the going rate for self-serve yogurt, so they are priced within the range of their competition.  That said, I find it extraordinarily interesting that I have been able to twice now visit other .39 p/oz establishments with a party of 4 with the same serve yourself rules set out by me-mom before serving ourselves and spent less than $1.00 more than the amount I paid for just 2 servings at Yogurt Kingdom.  Somethings not right.  I would like to assume that an error was made on the part of the cashier and that there is not dishonesty involved.--The sum total of it all- there's tastier yogurt in town with friendlier people and no MLM junk who actually want you to park in front of their store and make them look busy.
2	I'm hesitant to even give this place 2 stars but eh. I live so close to Yogurt Kingdom but never thought of giving them a try until yesterday since I've been on a yogurt kick lately. Of all the ones I tried recently (Yoppi in Tempe, Blue Ocean in Chandler Mall, Yogurtology in Scottsdale Mall, Yougrtland in Scottsdale and then revisited iTwist @ Mekong Plaza) this has got to be the worst. The owner (or so I think) seems not to happy to give out samples but I dont want to go get a cup full of yogurt that ends up tasting not so great. (I ended up doing just that...) So after trying the original (of course since I always go for that flavour) and my sister trying cake batter, thats what we end up getting. I also asked the owner how was the reese's peanut butter was and he replied people seem to like it better then regular peanut butter but it cost more for them to have the flavour, it should of kicked in to not get it since he didn't say it taste good, but I ended up getting it also and boy was it a mistake. It did NOT taste anything like peanut butter let alone reese's. I should of stick to what I usually get at frozen yogurt shops and stay with the tarts.The yogurts was nothing to brag about. They were a little bit on the watery side? So don't expect creamy deliciousness from here.The topping bar was massive but messy. Makes it look unappetizing. They should have tongs for the mochi since they put it on top and when I went to scoop, it felt like the glass jar was going to fall over. I would probably return out of desperation since I live in East Mesa and this is the only one I know thats close to me but I am probably not that desperate. I'll give it one more try sometime before crossing them off my list forever.
5	Went to Yogurt Kingdom for the first time tonight.  It was perfect.  Lots of flavors to choose from.  My favorite is the Tart Vanilla.  But I got a large cup and tasted at least 8 different flavors and I enjoyed each and everyone.  I wanted to go back and get some more of the Tart Vanilla but my husband gave me one of those looks when I suggested it.  You can either eat inside or outside.  The place is decorated so cute.   There was a very cute and well mannered girl to greet us and told us how it all worked just in case we had not been there before.   They offered to give us any samples that we might like to try.  There was a gentleman there who turned out to be the owner.  He was very kind, friendly person  and glad that we stopped in.   The bathroom was very clean and the entire place was tidy and well maintained.   We will be back very soon.  I would recommend this place to others that like yogurt.  You won't be disappointed.
1	This is more than a yogurt bar. They've got burgers and apparently waffles. The air was heavy with oil when I walked in.I like to try several favors when I visit a yogurt bar. My first attempt was the mango sorbet. When I pulled the trigger a bunch of thick liquid globbed out. We asked about the sugar free "dairy free" vanilla and the cashier proceeded to tell us it's not really dairy free. The flavors of my selection were disappointing.This was the worst yogurt bar experience I've had.
2	The menu says 21 flavors, I only see 14 to choose from listed along the wall and 2 are  missing. I got the Pistachio which to me doesn't taste like pistachio and looks more gray than 'green as one would expect. The yogurt machine next to the Pistachio was leaking red juice into it, so its gray with red swirls. There were an abundance of cool toppings but  packed a bit too close, made it hard to serve yourself. My daughter loved her choice of a  chocolate cone with cherries on the side, so did her face & nose! A bit pricey, the decor was cute but dizzy and their tv way too loud,  but 1 out of 2 of us were happy!
1	This place gives a bad name to all frozen yogurt establishments. I just went back for the third and last time. I was hoping that maybe my first two attempts were flukes, but no.1) The yogurt taste ranks dead last out of all of the frozen yogurt I've ever tried...ever! I couldn't even make myself finish the cup of red-velvet I just bought. 2) "Why did you buy a cup of yogurt you didn't like," you ask? Because the owner has the crazy policy that you can't serve yourself with a sample cup. He blames it on the health department and says it's the health code. Hmmm, that's strange, no other self-serve frozen yogurt shop I've ever been to has such a policy. Maybe Yogurt Kingdom is the sole bastion of proper health practices among the marketplace. OR maybe the owner doesn't want people taking a lot of samples. But hey, if you don't mind insulting your potential customer's intelligence, tell them anything, blame it on some government agency, and it'll be okay. If you do insist on getting a sample, the owner or cashier will walk to the self-serve machine and fill a sample cup for you and hand it to you. This creates two awkward problems, a) you're now dripping melted frozen yogurt juice onto my finger (that happened the first time), or b) you just touched the sample cup with your hands that's about to end up in/around my mouth. Good job with the sanitation, guy.3) Have you ever heard the phrase "jack of all trades, master of none?" That's Yogurt Kingdom. They serve yogurt, waffles, french fries, hamburgers, breakfast burritos, breakfast buffets etc. I don't know if the owner did any research into how self-serve frozen yogurt establishments tend to work, but maybe he thought, "the more we offer, the better." Unfortunately, that's not true.I'm guessing this establishment is losing money each month and will be out of business pretty soon.
2	This place has watery frozen yogurt. Not a fan. I had the cake batter and I really shouldve went to cold stone.
4	We really like this place.  Lots of variety and lots of toppings!  They never seen to have pecans though...so that is a little annoying. Bathe owner is friendly...almost a little on the obnoxious side.  If you're in the area and looking for a sweet treat...it a great place to go!
1	Ist time ordered fish as ad said it was $4.99, the owner said it was $5.99. It took the young boy forever to get condiments.2rd time - owner was not there. Everything went fairly well.3rd time - BIG SIGN IN WINDOW - CONES 99CENTS   Nope, we took the smallest cone available and were told if you wanted a 99 cent cone you had to ask for a smaller cone at the counter and they were all out of them!3 STRiKES and your out at YOGURT KINGDOMPlace is run like an old timey business by an old timey guy.
5	This place is just more than yogurt. It's a local institution, and at the heart of it is the nicest, most passionate yogurt man who owns it. It's a bit on the expensive side compared to other yogurt places, but his service is worth it to me. We love going here, it feels like a small town hangout with the same friendly faces. On Fridays they have a live band who just loves what they do. They cover rock and roll classics, it's quirky in a good way. There are always new flavors of yogurt, and so many toppings that you won't know what to do with yourself! Honestly, they could have 2 flavors a and 5 toppings, and I'd go back just for the friendly atmosphere. They also sell breakfast and various food items, but I only go for the yogurt, which is delicious!
5	I love all the options and the place is really clean. They also serve food and I was surprised how cheap it was. The owner is really nice too.
5	This place is amazing. Spectacular service! The older woman that served us was such a sweetheart. So kind I felt like I was talking to the grandma that I never had. She was very interested in talking to my son and I and was beyond friendly. We got 2 99cent cones, steal of a deal! She gave us coupons to come see her again and let my son spin the prize wheel. I ran a yogurt shop for 6 years and I was beyond impressed. Very neat place for the kiddos too with a fun mural on the wall and kids tables as well as adults. We have been back since and the boy was friendly too. They have extremely inexpensive food options as well. It is one of our new hangouts! :)
1	This owner goes to Yelp pages for other businesses and then proceeds to write a review for his own yogurt shop ... complete with the address and "come check us out."Um, you are a huge dumbass, sir. Huge. Like big time. Might want to start using that lump three feet above your ass before you go writing a review for your own yogurt shop under a listing for Indian food. Also, it's just a really disgusting business practice to hijack a competitor's reviews.
