4	Went in this weekend because I saw a bedside table sitting outside that looked cute.  Was a little worried because it was a) sitting outside and b) had never been in before.  Turns out it was an Ashley furniture table for $59.99!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously!  Was a little scuffed up, but cannot really tell at all.  Inside they have a mix of antiques, used and new furniture. Outdoor porch light lanterns for $19.99.  Tables with 4 chairs $329.  Again, some may be a little scratch and dent, but you can't beat the prices!  He can even order things brand new for you as well.  Definitely will be back to check out what they have from time to time!
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could. On Feb 7, 2013 we paid $1,027.40 for two couches from this horrible store. Within the first few days, an arm on one of the couches broke. When we tried to fix it, we discovered the furniture was made of cheap particle board and 1x1s. $1,000 for that? Seriously??I sent the owner, Rick, a message: "The arm of the $1,000 black leather couch you sold us broke within the first few days and we had to rig it up because the receipt and your signs said "all sales final." Richard just spoke to Kevin and he said that we could have brought it back."Rick responded: "I would have ordered the parts to fix or we would have replaced it right away... I still can... All I need is some photos of the damage and I will send it on to the company... No problem..." I sent him photos and invited Rick to come take a look at the couch. In the meantime, the other couch's bottom fell entirely through and the couch with the broken arm lost all four of its legs! They are unusable and we now have clients bringing their own chairs to sit on when they come watch their kids practice karate.Rick told us we'd be able to get a refund, as ACME (the manufacturer) has a warranty. He stated: "Acme Corporation furniture company has agreed to refund the purchase of those two couches They will give me a credit on my account..." He told us that he's not going to carry Acme anymore due to several customer complaints.  He NEVER once gave us a deadline, expiration date for the warranty, etc. In fact, when he had stated that "they will give me a credit on my account" it seemed like everything was set. We had him look for a replacement item over the next few weeks but we found nothing so I told him that we would just take the refund. Then, he tells us that we can no longer get a refund because we "waited too long." What?? HE told us that he has a credit on his account and that we were able to get a refund. NOW he's reneging?? He sold us poorly constructed, cheap couches and by his own admission, agreed that ACME produces furniture that his customers will no longer buy. He told us that his hands are tied. Umm, sorry, I'm a business owner and my hands are NEVER tied when it comes to customer service. Lying to and cheating your customers is the most unethical decision a business owner could make. As a business owner, I would NEVER do this to a customer. I highly recommend steering clear from this store. Their furniture is cheap. They are disgusting liars just out to make a quick buck. He'll be out of business in no time if he continues to treat people this way.
5	Great deals.
1	Again, a sham. We were happy to have Wazoo pick up the furniture. We don't teach Judo classes. There was never a "perfect replacement." Rick, the owner of Wazoo kept our money, went on 'vacation' numerous times, was hard to get a hold of and never refunded us.Bottom line, we are now stuck with two pieces of crap couches made of particle board and 1x1s. Buy here ONLY if you want cheap furniture and poor customer service!
4	After recently getting a much larger apartment, I was confronted by the harsh realities of needing a lot of furniture for the space - and, like any non-super-wealthy or non-uber-design-oriented individual - not wanting to blow a ridiculous amount of cash to do so. Based on that, I set out on a quest to buy a mixture of items from Ikea, Craigslist, Target and any local stores. During that journey, I drove down Indian School to take a look in a few of the furniture shops I knew were there. Just before I hit the 51 and was about to give up, I saw Wazoo Deals on the north side of the road and pulled in. I was relatively impressed by the selection, although I will say there was definitely a lack of more contemporary/streamlined pieces. That said, I was looking for more of a mid-century style, and was happy to see a few custom pieces that worked well for me: one coffee table with built-in trays and etched legs and a mahogany dining room table/chairs set with an inlaid contemporary wood design. I was able to bargain down the prices and get delivery included to my fourth-floor apartment for around $400. Not too shabby, I'd say. I'd definitely come back periodically to check the selection. One final gripe worth noting: I wish they didn't put adhesive price tags on wood furniture. Even with GooGone, it was really difficult to get them off.
