4	Yucca is a great neighborhood library, if I may say so.  It's not huge, but you can place holds on anything from any Phoenix library, get on the internet, read the paper, and any number of other things.
3	Nice library. Sadly there opening hours have decreased so much, it's hard to stop by with a full time job. Holds are great, but sometimes I miss them, due to those opening hours.
1	Went to babytime this morning. What a joke. We are used to Burton Bar and that is always great. It started at the front desk where the rep said: Is there any? It repeats every week. Duh.  It started 5 minutes late and she ran through the program within 17 minutes. 6 songs, 2 books, bubbles....great pace for crawlers. Oh, and she didn't really sing. Everything was on cd. The remote was her friend. It was chaos and only 6 kids were present. Then she dumped toys on the floor and left the room. She didn't put any effort in creating a group event. All parents chatted during the program, it eas a mess. I wondered if we were done or not.....so I left. I'll drive to central library anytim. What a joke.
4	This may not be the biggest, baddest library in town, but it sure is a fun clean branch. I've been coming here on and off for the past two months, and I really like it here. It's tucked away in the back of Christown mall, out of sight to most, unless you know it's here.  Cute, quaint and always friendly, I really like it here.The benefits of coming here are there's plenty of parking, place is well staffed, they have an ample amount of computers to use and tables to sit at with plenty of room to spread out.  They have a great selection of books, and the staff for the most part is helpful and friendly. Their closed on Sundays and Mondays, but hey, that's okay, there's plenty of other library branches open if you need to get online or check out books.If you can't find something here, the librarian will look it up for you and have it sent to the library itself. I haven't done it at this branch yet, but have asked since I'm always looking for random materials.  Bathrooms are clean with limited stalls, and there's a security guard here, so no need to worry.  There's a small kid section in the back, along with a cute little play area. I come here because its cute, small and easy to get in and out!  Overall not a half bad place.
2	The place is small and the selection of books is miniscule at best. They are always out of most everything I am looking for. It stinks like old cigarettes and it is a hang-out for the homeless. (I can't really blame them though at least there is AC). They're closed Sundays and Mondays. There is a security guard patrolling. One star because it is a library. One star because they have books. That is all.
2	Kind of a dump. Lots of homeless hanging around. People inside using the computers talking to themselves and in desperate need of some serious personal hygiene. I think I will make the drive to another branch from now on. This one's not for me.
3	Adding a star because you can order books online and pick them up here.  That makes up for the small selection.
5	We all really enjoyed Snakes in the Library! Thank you for making fun things like this available.
4	First off, yay for centralized library systems!  I've lived in cities with a lone city library and others with a library system, and it simply doesn't make sense to me to have a separate system for each city/building.  So, as to limited selection...why aren't you using library loan?  If you have internet access (available at the library) just find what you want in the catalog, place a hold on it and pick it up next time you visit.  It does require some forethought, but I feel the access to such selection is well worth that little extra effort.I favor this library solely because of its location: we shop at Costco so it's super convenient to swing by on our weekend errands.  I've always found it to be clean and never overcrowded.  Staff has regularly been friendly and helpful.  As for complaints about "homeless people"...I have words for you, but, more than anything, if you don't want to deal with the public, don't visit public spaces.
