5	I haven't been to A Good Egg in years.This is a new Location in the Fulton Ranch/Sun Lakes area.Went early for breakfast, I ordered the Nurse's Bialy Breakfast which is 3 egg whites scrambled with turkey , spinach and tomatoes served with a toasted Bialy, low fat cream cheese and a cup of fruit. I also ordered one pancake with bananas and blueberry's (see pics)I Like that you can customize your pancakes, they have a bout 25 different fruit, nut and chip choices to choose fromIt was all deliciously, hot and fresh! Great way to start my Mothers day morning.The Mr. ordered the Eye Opener Combo which he got with 2 pancakes 4 strips of bacon and 2 scrambled eggs(see pics)I forgot how much I liked this place ,well when its not filled with screaming kids banging spoons, flinging jelly and slurping chocolate milk. I'll be adding this to my favorite breakfast places and I'll have to try their lunches sometime too.
5	I went back for Lunch Today and it was Delicious!I ordered the Tuna sandwich with soup, Guest had the Turkey Bialy with fruit (see pics) All of their sandwiches come with your choice of home-fried potatoes, soup,salad, black beans, fruit or coleslaw and are also generously garnished with and orange slice, a watermelon triangle and a pickle spear.They also have a punch card so every 6Th meal is FREE....I got FREE Lunch Today!
2	Preface my review by stating that Phoenix's east valley has scant little in terms of really good breakfast places. Okay, I'm a food snob...lived most of my life in NY, SF and L.A., and frankly, the best breakfasts I've found since moving here 4+ years ago have been at resorts like Camelback, Buttes, etc. That said...I've eaten at several other Good Eggs, including the ones on Ray in Chandler, McQueen in Gilbert, and on Scottsdale Rd. Any of them beats this new one hands down. (And that sucks, since this one's much closer to me.) Tried it twice, and both times the service was hideous. Both times I brought my family of four, and both times they messed up at least one of our orders. The second visit, they ended up giving me mine for free, since I had to wait an extra 20 minutes while they redid it. I'm not talking complex special requests here either...simple eggs and bacon or omelets.Then there was little stuff I would've complained about had I not already lost patience from spending an hour there....like raw onions in the omelet instead of the grilled ones I asked for, or the english muffin they brought instead of the sourdough toast.... On both occasions at least one of our dishes was barely room temperature. I had to practically send up a flare to get my waitress' attention more than once...you'd think after I'd actually gotten up from my table to ask the front desk to send her over, she'd have been more attentive, but I still had to get up and tap her shoulder just to get the check 10 minutes later. The food at the GE is okay....nothing stellar, but certainly better than your average greaspoon. But for whatever reason, the wait staff at this one just don't seem to get the gig, and the kitchen doesn't read right.
4	It gets 4 stars, only because the waitress did not refill my husbands diet coke.  We arrived on a Sunday morning, a holiday weekend.  Not many choices for breakfast in our area.  We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, and the place was packed.  The staff were buzzing around, and seemed happy.We waited about 5 minutes to be seated.  Or waitress came over right away, took our drink orders and came right back.  Took our food orders.  AND she is HAPPY!!!!  Very nice.  I ordered the BACADO Omlette - Bacon, Jack, Avocado and tomato omlette - served with potatoes and english muffin.  I ordered a side stack of buttermilk pancakes, to which our waitress suggested I sub the english muffin for the silver dollar pancakes and save the $3.95 - which I did.  Excellent Breakfast.  My husband ordered the California Tuna - tuna salad on a croissant.  Also another tasty meal.  We ordered and they brought it out in about 10 minutes - hot and fresh.  Friendly, fast service.  Good food.
5	My husband and I had breakfast here one morning Friday morning in September after leaving the Egg and I in Downtown Ocotillo because of the service.  We have had breakfast at the Good Egg a few times now, and have always appreciated the attentive service and the great food.  I had a breakfast that included two 'petite' pancakes and they were yummy and almost as large as the plate...  We will be back!
5	Awesome breakfast place! I'm here several times a month and I don't have anything negative to say about this location of The Good Egg. The service is quick and friendly and the food is great. I've never had lunch, but I will eventually. The only tiny complaint I do have is that they don't serve french fries with lunch items, but it's understandable that they wouldn't want to deal with the hassle of deep fryers. I just don't know if I can eat country potatoes with a burger. Something about that doesn't feel right, so I stick with breakfast for now!
2	I just wanted to write an update because I finally stopped in for lunch and I was very underwhelmed. Portions seem to be much smaller for sandwich and salad items, which is disappointing. Our turkey sandwich had very little meat (but lots of lettuce) and the country potatoes were cold when they arrived. (I knew the potatoes would be a mistake!) And the San Fransisco Spinach Salad, while served on a giant plate, is very small when you realize that the plate only has a very thin layer of spinach and very few toppings. At $8.95 it would be nice if it came with a few pieces of meat as well. Oh and even the fruit cup you can add for $1 was smaller today at lunch than it was last week at breakfast!  I'll stick with breakfast at The Good Egg.
3	ok this review is way overdue, so here it goes.The Good Egg is the perfect place to have brunch, esp after a drunken 4th of July party involving copious amounts of tequila and a keg stand or too.My roommates drove here (after needing to make a couple side stops because 'someone' was feeling a little under the weather), at around 11am. The place was packed, but the amazing smell of eggs and pancakes made us wait until we got a table. "Yes, somewhere close to the bathroom please, someone needs to make a run for it".I got my usual eggs Benedict and my friends got pancakes and some egg omelet thing. Eggs Benedict were awesome, def 4 stars worthy. The eggs were not over or under cooked, but I like my eggs benedict with an overload of bernaise sauce and veggies instead of ham.. Thats why i only gave them 3 starts. I know, i'm a horrible person.The blueberry pancakes were ridiculously over-sized, but delicious. Service was 3-4 starts worthy, understandable with so many people at 11am after a holiday. Also, you get a discount on your next visit when you eat here. Not bad at all.Giant breakfast at the Good Egg definitely hit the spot after a long night. Table near the bathroom, also a great idea, for those unfortunately enough to not hold their liquor well.
4	The menu has many great diverse options. I was very impressed by the service here for the waiters were friendly and helpful. The cinnamon bun was absolutely outstanding!
4	I am never disappointed!  I've been here several times with the bf. Love the Watermelon-Lemonade.I usually always get some type of breakfast burrito from here, I always end up cutting it in half and having the rest later in the day.  Very filling, but in a way so that you're not feeling gross and groggy afterwards.
2	Good egg was not so good today.  I'll give them the extra star just because it was mothers day and they were busy.  But biscuits and gravy came out ice cold.  Have you ever seen/eaten ice cold gravy? Its like concrete.  Much the same with the other order: oatmeal.  Came out cold too... concrete. The oatmeal here is finely ground to begin with, so it was especially gelatinous.  More like left over cream of wheat than oatmeal.  I would not recommend the oatmeal, even if served hot.
4	Look... you don't come to the Good Egg looking for a healthy choice. That being said, it's a great spot to splurge on some really good breakfast food. If you're on Foursquare, check in and get a free 50 lb (joking... but it is huge) cinnamon sticky bun thingy. It's about 3 days worth of calories but well worth it.Dig in ya'll.Robert Pfeifer
5	YummmmmmEat there 2 Sundays per monthYummmmm
5	Love this place. Good menu selection and good food. Service is usually quick and friendly. Eat there at least once a month.
1	I am a regular at the good egg. Ray location on mondays and fulton ranch on tuesdays. And when Im in tucson I'll hit the speedway locaton ( Which by far has the best food!)  So you would think that the food would all be the same since its  franchise, but its not! the ray location food quality is 3-4star, tucson definitely 5star and Fulton ranch is the worst. so bad I refuse to go there even though its walking distance from my house.
5	My favorite breakfast place in the valley!  Excellent selection of breakfast food and beverages.  Friendly staff, and decent speed for a meal.  In my opinion, this place has the BEST tasting buttermilk pancakes I have ever eaten in my life.  They have everything from omlettes, french toast, pancakes, crepes, frittatas, skillets, sides, salads, lunch sandwiches and more.Expect a wait to be seated if you show up from 10am-12pm, as this place gets packed to the gills.**TIP** They have an outdoor eating area that is "small dog friendly", as long as you keep it leashed.
2	I didn't love this place- even though i really wanted to!My family and I were in Phoenix visiting from California looking for a good breakfast place.  The reviews had me looking forward to visiting the Good Egg.  On the plus side, the service was great, seating comfortable, and prices reasonable.Unfortunately, we all thought (5 of us) the food was only acceptable and typical for a Phoenix suburb (sorry Phoenix, nothing personal!).  Frozen ingredients most likely (for example, not all fresh veggies in omelets.  Potatoes- didn't see fresh cut.  And, skimpy on the veggies in the omelet.  The eggs on my benedict were soft boiled, which really disappointed me.   For heavens sake, don't call yourself the good egg if you don't  know how to prepare one!!  Oh- and the coffee was weak.   Next time I am in the area I'll check out a different spot.
4	Coming from Oregon which have great breakfast places....this was a pleasant surprise. I had the macho nacho benndecit...basccaly mexican style egg bennedict...yummy! My gf had the four peaks basically french toast, whip cream, yummy fruit toppings...mmm yummy too. The only thing that kept it from a 5 stars is the customer service...don't be in such a rush...talk to your customers at a personal level...she was in a rush to give us a check in the midst of us eating...not a good move. Other than that great place and possibly the only good breakfast place in Chandler.
3	Service average.  No checking on us after food was served.  The waitress was very friendly, upbeat.  The person that brought out food was rude, terrible customer svc.  Very crowded, waited around 20 min.  Food was average at best. Ordered eggs over med but they were cooked hard.  buttermilk pancakes had salty taste.  Will return to give them another try.
5	Delicious brunch place near my house. Went here with my mom, dad, husband, daughter, mother-in-law, and niece. Everyone said they enjoyed what they ordered. I ordered a Krabby One (I think that's the name) which is an egg white crepe (YUM!) with mushrooms, onions, crab meat, Brie cheese, and other seasonings. It came with a fruit cup and an English muffin. It was soooooo good!! I usually like to order something sweet for breakfast/brunch, but I'm so glad that I stepped out of the box and ordered what I did. Good food and good service! :)
1	This place used to be ok years ago but has gone wayyy down hill.  The food is not good anymore. Ordered corned beef hash recently, worst I ever had.  Service is very poor. Theres plenty of good breakfast places in the valley to go instead.  Their pancakes might be the only thing good on the menu, but its not worth going.
1	For reasons I don't fully understand I gave this place another shot...albeit my last try was in Phoenix.  Well, if nothing else they are consistently bad regardless of the local.So what's my beef?First, the table was filthy...not dirty...filthy.  At fist we thought it was just sticky, but as my wife wiped it down with a baby wipe, it turned black with god knows what.Next, we ordered coffe.  Coffe and cream (milk actually) showed up and after we poured it into the coffe we found some sort of an orange substance in the cream pitcher.   The waitress speculated it might have been crayon.  Crayon...really??We told the waitress we wanted to look at the menu for a few more minutes.   Fifteen minutes later and she never came back.  While we were waiting the wife took another baby wipe and wiped off the exterior of the coffe carafe.  Well that was something that hadnt been through a dishwasher in quite a while.So what to say here.  Service bad.  Cleanliness, and this is in the parts of the restaurant you can see, worse, I can only imagine what's going on elsewhere  Food, couldn't tell you.  We never got that far but some how, and based on my experience at the Phoenix location, I'm well certain we didn't miss anything.
2	Stumbled upon this restaurant when visiting a client in the area.Not a bad spot, but nothing special.  It has a good choice of breakfast dishes and good choice of hot sauces on the table.  Worth a shot, but don't expect anything special.  It is an upscale diner with decent food.
5	Go here for a non greasy breakfast! Calories printed right on the menu so you can choose a healthier option. If your springing for unhealthy go for the pancakes! Sooo good! Or you can get any breakfast and add two small pancakes for $1! There tea is delicious and they give you a huge to go cup with no weird looks! Service has always been prompt and great, never had any issues.
5	Good Egg serves a great breakfast! From super healthy to indulgent. When we visit the Phoenix area we  always meet my family at this one in Chandler.  I like the yogurt parfait and muffin. Husband can get eggs, bacon, and hash or pancakes. Family has enjoyed the omelettes. Service is fast. Atmosphere is comfortable and decor bright. Never had a bad experience.
1	Not good at all. My friend and I frequent this place a lot and this AM's breakfast was horrible! Not only was the server not friendly but didn't write our order down and of course came out wrong. I had asked for the Croissant Sandwich but to haven eggs over easy, plus a side of bacon. Eggs came out WAY over done and paste-like as well as no bacon. When I was asked for anything else I asked for my side of bacon. Which came out minutes later, sizzling, which means it was just made and re-heated in a microwave. Server only came back once to drop off the check and still had no common server sense to see my untouched plate and ask if there was something wrong. Finally pushing my plate to the end of the table, she came back and asked "are you done?" Just gross and sad because we were one of the few tables in the place and the service lacked as well as the kitchen.
2	This place is your classic old school diner, complete with huge American-sized  XL portions, "you doin' OK honey?" service, and floral wallpaper. I'm a food snob from the Bay Area, so I expect to be eating vegan waffles with homemade whipped cream or bacon infused beignets for breakfast. But if you're a normal person and you want to have a nice breakfast after church with the family, this place will be perfect for you.
4	Great place for breakfast! Have all the usual dishes, nothing crazy but it's perfect if your just looking for a place to get pancakes or something.
4	Super yummy - great food and lots of healthy alternatives! I love that i can have egg subsitute! :)
5	Such a great breakfast and lunch spot.  I adore the Spanish omelette.  Plus they will custom make your omelette to order.  No worries about additions or changes.  And tons of sides to choose from.
2	I'm not sure if it's just this location or what, but both times I've visited it's been a bust.The menu has a ton of appetizing choices, but like your hottest romantic fantasies, it's better in your head. The food taste, presentation and preparation leaves a LOT to be desired.It's gotta be tough to be a hostess, but if you can't even FAKE being friendly and act like you give a crap that someone showed up to spend their money in your place of employment, go work somewhere else.Not so sure I see a lot of "good" in this "egg." You're better off with Village Inn up the street.
5	I just had an AWESOME BREAKFAST and an even better experience with the manager!  I had a CRAZY person sitting next to me with a daughter that needed a lot of attention.  When, for the 20th time, this daughter decided to come talk to her mom and leaned up against me, I politely asked her to return to her seat or go on the other side of her mom to speak to her.  The mom went crazy (which makes sense, since the daughter obviously wasn't ever given any boundaries), and called over the manager after making a huge scene.  The manager escorted the loud, poor parent out, and my friend and I resumed our quiet, tasty breakfast.  Well, unexpectedly, the manager came and apologized for the other customer, stating that she knows they can't please everyone, and wanted to make sure I was happy.  Well, how about that?  I told her we were fine, and appreciated her attention.  The manager proceeded to tell us that she had treated us to the monthly pancake (I didn't even know they had these), which was lemon/blueberry.  I was pretty full on my yummy egg white omelet, but thought we'd try it.Well, the LEMON BLUEBERRY PANCAKES ARE THE BOMB!!! I was full, mind you, so I just took one scrumptious, delectable bite, and WOW!!!!  She said that these are changed each month, and that was the first day of Sept, so it was the first day for the cakes.  Well, I will be back this weekend to try more.Thanks manager, and thanks Good Egg!  I know its hard to please everyone, but by going ABOVE AND BEYOND, you have sealed our relationship for life.  Note:  I have probably eaten here 40 times since it's opened, and I have seen nothing but spectacular service, clean booths, and great smiles.  I HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE YELP about one little poor experience---there are good things to be found in every place, you just have to be open to the positive, too!
3	So after I posted my review, I was actually contacted by the area manager. He was very concerned about my experience and we had an in depth and genuine conversation about what could be done. I have to say, they are concerned with delivering delight. I have high hopes that things are going to get better quickly.
1	We must be insane because we keep trying this place in light of the bad experiences. This was the last time. We have lived in the local area for over 10 years and have tried this breakfast place at least 10 times since they opened. The food has always been average but it is deceiving because the place is always busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings. Not only is the food quality average, the food preparation is horrible which is odd because how can you mess up eggs? The only part worse than this is the service. We had a new waiter and he was nice and tried very hard but if the rest of your "team" doesn't try, you will lose. From the girl at the cash register, to the other waitresses, to the managers, it seemed they could care less if you are paying to eat their mediocre food. This last experience was horrible, but I am so grateful for the eye opener because I will never waste another second or another penny at this place. We ordered OJ, ice tea and water for the girls as well as our food because we knew from the past, the wait for food could be long. My wife ordered eggs benedict and a small cup of soup, I ordered an egg sandwich with sausage patty and cheese on a croissant. We ordered the kids one meal to split with scrambled eggs and a couple silver dollar pancakes...nothing too complicated. We were seated a bit after 10:00 AM and at about 10:37 AM we asked our waiter if our food was coming and he said they were backed up and apologized for the wait. When our food finally came, they only brought my wife's eggs benedict and her soup. We then had to wait another five minutes for my order which was wrong. They brought me an egg sandwich with bacon instead of sausage patties. I saw the mistake immediately and asked them if they could correct it. They then brought me the wrong order again this time with sausage but they forgot the cheese. Only three ingredients, cheese, sausage and eggs...I am assuming if I let them try a third time, the eggs would have been missing. I was going to eat it anyway but the egg was just about room temperature and I could tell it had been sitting in the kitchen. The kids' food then finally came and their pancakes were hard and the eggs were cold. The glaring problem is a lack of customer service. It just seems like none of the restaurant's employees care one bit. The kitchen employees don't care if the orders are right nor do they care if it is prepared properly. The wait staff and managers obviously don't care. When we left we went to the cashier who ignored us so I took the girls to get them in their car seats and my wife waited to pay the bill. The manager told her she "comped" our meals but the funny part is that I wouldn't have eaten any of it if they paid me. Their was nothing to "comp" because we left 90% of it on the table. I may have drank half of my OJ and fed my daughters a couple bites of card board pancakes and cold scrambled eggs. My wife normally does our reviews of local restaurants but I was so disgusted with this last visit to "The Good Egg" (oxymoron at best) that I felt compelled to say something so the next family does not waste over an hour of their weekend to be served cold eggs, the wrong order twice and the exact opposite of a smile.
1	I actually had this saved as a draft and was going to say something nice. Unfortunately I have been back to this location a couple of times since the new management and I don't think I will be going ever again. Service goes a long way, so I will say the food was great, but the service was unacceptable!
4	This location is really busy in the early morning.  It is near a retirement area, and most of the customers like to eat early.  We prefer to come for brunch around 11 after the rush.  The food is breakfast fare and very delicious.  I love how they put the calories for each dish on the menu.  We love to eat healthy!  It helps us make better food choices.  They have lots of healthy food options in addition to some extravigant pancake options.  Try the omlettes!  They have lots of delicious ones.Also try sitting out on the patio.  It is nice, quiet, and comfortable.
5	I love this place, besides always being too cold (bring a jacket), the food is always great. From scrumptious omelets, to delicious pancakes, to perfectly cooked bacon. Even their coffee is good, they offer different flavors throughout the year. The pancakes are huge, you can get whole wheat (awesome!). I usually get whole wheat pancake with blueberries and granola. It's a great combo with a side of bacon, and 1 pancake fills me up. Going here for breakfast is definitely a treat!
3	It's a decent place to grab some breakfast.  I'm not sure if I'd go back here again because there are so many other places around Maricopa County to choose from...but they make decent omelettes.  It's got the unfortunate advantage of being in Chandler...it's better for old people and families.  Not my scene, but the food was decent.
4	We ate here last weekend. Not a long wait, all you can drink coffee pot, and GREAT food. In love with the "healthy one". The crepe eggs are so good :) We will be coming back. Took away one star because we had to wait awhile to flag down our waiter to get the check.
2	Stopped in to have a late breakfast with the wife. Waited about 5 minutes to be seated , not horrible. We were seated on the patio of which was nice. But then it seemed they had no idea we were there. 2 servers came outside and cleared another table of which the patrons had just left. So we waited a bit longer. No server in sight, no water never asked if we wanted anything to drink. Needless to say we left without even seeing the server. I was looking forward to the food however wasn't going to pay for the lack of service. Looks like we're going to IHOP!
1	Tried to have breakfast on 3/6 around 9:30ish.  It wasn't too busy, my dad and I got in and seated right away. A really unenthusiastic waiter made his way to our table for drink orders, I asked for coffee and water. About 5 minutes later we received coffee and my dad had tea. No water still. While the waiter was taking orders behind us, my dad tried to signal him over with the water glass, but we were ignored. The waiter took our order and I mentioned the water and he finally brought it.  After about 45 minutes of watching other people come in, be seated near us and served their food, we got up and walked to the register to pay for our drinks. My dad mentioned the lack of service and our drinks were comped, but we won't be back, there are plenty of other places to spend our money.
4	We had a great experience at this location. The waitress was good and always met our needs. We had a minor concern and the manager dealt with it promptly and professionally. She even gave us a complimentary order of the featured red velvet pancakes, which were amazing!!! We will definitely be returning.
1	Overpriced and average food at best.
1	I placed a review recently  indicating the Good Egg in Chandler was overpriced and the food was average. The question came up if what I believe was a " clear statement " was a review. Pricey and average food ?Yep...that's it. I live locally and I have been there a number of times over the years and the breakfast food is not well prepared. Breakfast locations make very have margins since the food is relatively inexpensive to put together. Yet I still walk out of that place with a hefty bill for a few eggs, fruit, toast and coffee. They have a discount system but they play games with it. Unfortunately there are not nearby breakfast places in the immediate area to chose from. They look busy but I would suspect it's because there isn't any other nearby choices. The Good Egg in general has a good reputation but I wont recommend this Chandler location. Overpriced and Average food at best.  :-)
5	We were visiting the area and asked Siri for a breakfast recommendation and she directed us here. After a mediocre experience at Denny's the morning before, we were really craving a good breakfast and this place did not disappoint! We were seated fairly quickly and greeted promptly by our server, Vanessa. Working in food service myself, I find that it takes quite a bit to really impress me. Vanessa, however, managed to do just that. She was extremely personable and quite possibly the most attentive server I have ever had. Coffee and creamer were kept coming without any prompting and she even brought over some banana slices and Cheerios for my little one while we waited for our meals. The food came out piping hot and beautifully presented and tasted just as good as it looked. The menu had a great variety with many options and very reasonable prices. We will definitely be back the next time we're in town!
2	I recently reviewed the Good Egg in Chandler.. Although i havent changed my rating i plan to revisit it. The owner made a proactive jester to communicate to me and asked for the details so he could make corrective actions. That is unusal in my opinion and is a very positive step. They have made a few changes and i plan to go back for another visit.. Once i return i will follow up with another rating.It would be nice to see other establishments  take these reviews as serious as the Chandler Good Egg has done.
1	We made the mistake of coming back. Only reason we did come was for convenience. My wife and I ordered a sausage scramble, looks like the split one sausage patty for two plates, service was slow but it wasn't the waitress fault more of a staffing issue. The coffee was weak, not sure how you mess that up, but they did it. Earned a free meal with the stamps but I just going to throw that away we're never coming back. Such a shame this place use to be so good, not sure what happened?!
2	I'm going to be nice with two stars.Food is only so-so and I believe that this place only survives due to the Sun Lakes blue hair crowd.There is a funny smell in the noisy dining room and keeping it clean is clearly not a priority.Then the 60's rock music ugh!
4	We were a group of 8 that met at The Good Egg for breakfast.  Staff quickly made arrangements for our group and brought beverages immediately.   The restaurant began to buzz with business and our food was a little slow arriving but the French Toast was delicious and worth the wait.
3	Holy French toast, Batman. If you want two massive chunks of bread and enough whipped butter to restuff a cow udder, this restaurant is for you! It was a little drier than I would have liked, but that was easily remedied by the blueberry compote and syrup (not real maple, but I never expect it to be).The veggie/egg white omelet was decent. Lots of veggies, which were fresh and flavorful, but I didn't love the potatoes that came with it. They were real potatoes but somehow tasted instant. English muffin was incinerated around the edges.  Pancakes were huge and tasted fine. Again with the whipped butter and syrup...Good cafe, fresh food, friendly service, kinda pricey, lots of elderly folks (this location is close to a retirement community). Hours are limited, but it's a solid breakfast joint.
