4	I absolutely love this Home Depot!  Everyone is always so friendly and I can't count the number of times they have gone out of their way to help me.  Each person I have ever dealt with here has been so knowledgeable and patient!  The hotdog stand out front isn't too shabby either :)
4	Most home improvement warehouses are understaffed and crowded places.  Not this Home Depot.  Unlike Lowes's and other Depots, this store is rarely crowded.  I visited on a Friday afternoon and I received great customer service.  I was asked by 4 people (not including the cashier) if I found everything I needed.  How often does that happen?The store is lightly smaller than other Home Depots (I sometimes go to the one in Matthews) but the service is top-notch.  A few months ago, I bought a below-the-sink trash can on clearance.  I had to see manager since the clearance item didn't have a pricetag.  He tried his best to get the lowest price within their stores' guidelines; I saved nearly half of the original retail!  I was impressed by the quality of service.  Even if the store is out of your way, its the place to go if you have home improvement questions.  Kudos, Home Depot!!!
3	This Home Depot is tucked into an odd corner of the landscape, under a bridge and next to the railroad tracks.  You feel like you have discovered a hidden treasure if you find it.  Well, maybe not a treasure, but you get what I mean, right?The actual store may not seem like much, and it really isn't anything super-special as far as Home Improvement stores go, but the staff is generally nicer than most places.  Maybe they are just looking for someone to talk to, as they could get lonely since people may not realize this store is even here.Definitely keep your eyes open in the parking lot, however.  The entrance near the FedEx can be dangerous in the way it is designed - no one ever seems to know just whose turn it is to go.
4	This Home Depot is great. While the parking lot is a little weird, the customer service in this place cannot be beat and it's refreshing (see my ad on Lowe's South End and you'll know why!).Prices here are a bit cheaper than Lowes and the lighting selection isn't as nice as Lowes, but other than that this place rocks 100%. I have used their windows/doors dept to purchase new custom sized screens for my windows, the painting dept for my new bedroom wallcolor & supplies, and the hardware dept for some special masonry screws. Everytime great service was given, especially by Abbey in paint!Never crowded, but always friendly - This is def my go to hardware store from now on! :)
4	I've been in this store 1.3 million times.  We've done a lot of home and garden work over the last couple years, and try as you might, it's hard to find an alternative to the Home Depot/Lowes scene.  But I've always found that the prices are slightly better at HD.  And I prefer the color orange over blue.I've always found the people working there to be helpful, especially in the lumber department, where they'll cheerfully cut what you need to your specs.My only complaint is that THEY ARE SO F***ING BAD AT COPYING KEYS THAT IT BLOWS MY MIND!!!!!  Keys that I've had made there have about a 50% chance of actually working.  And when you get home and realize the key doesn't work, how likely are you to go back and get your $2 back or have another key cut that likely won't work either.So anyway, don't get keys made here.  Otherwise, it's all good in the hood.
4	I love wandering through home improvement stores. I can look at tools and doors and toilets and think... man, I wish I could do something other than slice open my finger with that! It's true. I'm extremely clumsy with tools, so my wife has seriously limited the number of projects that I'm "allowed".So today, I was in Home Depot to get replacement light bulbs. The new apartment into which I have just moved is fully loaded with incandescent bulbs. Aren't those illegal these days? Anyway, I picked up a couple of boxes of CFL bulbs and even managed to get one of the orange-aproned dudes to help me find the ones with the smaller base for the chandelier.Very friendly staff, very large parking lot. Prices are decent, compared to the other big box shops. I just wish I could do more stuff!
4	Going to a home improvement store isn't exactly something I love to do.  It usually involves work once you leave.  That being said, this Home Depot does make it about as painless as possible to get in and out as any I've been to.  The location is so obscure that I don't think many people come here so that makes it very easy to get in, get what you need and get out without a lot of hassle.
5	This Home Depot always had friendly staff who allow you to bring your dog despite the posted signs.  The garden center is one of my favorite places to go here.  They have a wide variety if herbs and garden plants to keep you busy for a while.  The selection of tree bark and other potting soils is huge and very affordable.  On the weekend, they like to give away popcorn and home water samplings.  I guess the popcorn makes you thirsty and the water makes you wonder how pure your home water is so that you will take advantage of their complementary home water testing.  I really enjoy the way the store is organized and not a lot of clutter or useless items just sitting on the shelves or in the walkways.  The are also very helpful if needing to rekey your home locks.  They are supposed to charge 5 dollars, but I've had this done several times and they have never charged me.  Great people!!   Consider making Home Depot part of your weekend routine and you will not be dissatisfied.  :-)
3	Despite my overwhelming love of this place, they have decided to not allow dogs inside anymore.  This decision comes after a dog bit and associate, as told to me by the self-check out associate.  The NO DOG policy will take effect at the end of this coming week. I expressed my concern that they will lose business and they didn't seem to care.  I suppose that the competitors will have the edge with animal lovers. I will certainly be considering other options when shopping for tools and other household appliances that are pet inclusive.
5	Home Deopt is a great place to get everything you nees to start building. The workers willl point you into the exact direction to get you the materials you need. When you walk into the store you get immediate ideas in your head.a
