4	I've been attending a mobile bootcamp and some group classes for 6 weeks. I also tried a 1-week Fit Fresh dinner plan.The workouts are challenging, whatever your fitness level. The trainers are educated, knowledgable, helpful and positive. I thought the bootcamp and kickboxing classes were really fun. I felt exhausted, but I was rarely sore the following day.The dinners give you a nice variety of proteins (chicken, fish, pork) and fresh veggies. I thought everything tasted great, and I felt fueled and healthy after eating. There's a peace of mind in knowing you are consuming freshly-prepared food that isn't weighted with the fat and salt you find in most prepared meals these days. I've been working out regularly in a variety of settings for 20+ years and have pretty high expectations for fitness services. I find Hybrid Fitness to be an excellent gym in every way. The unique addition of Fit Fresh's nutritional offerings makes Hybrid an exceptional place to pursue your fitness and wellness goals.
5	Hybrid Fitness is a full service gym that also offers group class bootcamps and personal training. While it doesn't have all the glitz and glamor of some of the national chains, it's smaller size means that you feel like a friend as soon as you walk in the door. As someone who had a lot of weight to lose, walking into a gym (any gym) felt intimidating. It's hard to take that first step. Hybrid is welcoming, and you will see people of all shapes and sizes working out on all of the machines and in all of the bootcamps. The environment is clean, there is always someone bringing fresh towels through. All the employees are knowledgeable and helpful. Sometimes they'll even humor you in playing some basketball!One of the nice things about Hybrid is the fact that that Fit Fresh Cuisine is attached to the gym. I'll leave a separate review of the restaurant, but suffice it to say that it is a great option for a quick meal.There are a limited number of showers, so if you need to head to work straight after bootcamp I'd recommend heading out of class just a couple of minutes early to grab a shower stall.
