4	Attended a very well organised and catered wedding function here last weekend. Heritage Portfolio kept everyone well supplied with champagne before & after the meal and with wine throughout it. The dinner itself was first class, particularly the steak which practically melted on the tongue. No idea what you'd pay to have your event here but my guess is that you'd not feel it wasn't money well spent, given the professionalism of the staff and the excellent surroundings.
5	A great place to escape from all the hustle & bustle during the frivolities of August. Champagne by the glass, 250ml Pop bottle or share a bottle of magnum with some nibbles....  Very civilised.   Highly recommended- make sure log onto their website for the afternoon tea or lobster voucher if you're planning something more substantial than nibbles.
4	Every August the Signet Library is a 'pop-up champagne bar' called the "Pommery"An outside caterer sets up an exclusive, reservation only meeting point in one of Edinburgh most elusive and private areas - The Law Library on Parliament Square in the Old Town. Just of the Royal Mile, but not so easy to spot is the library building. In itself it is unassuming. The Pommery adds an terrace, parasols and a canopy. A nice French affair. You have a doorman, a host (or two) a Maitre D and some ladies that walk around serving and popping corks on the numerous bottles of Champagne served out to their guests and visitors. All impeccably dressed - the server ladies wear a t-shirt with the slogan 'can I pop your cork?' - cheeky! (but, yes thank you!) It is indeed a wonderful affair, especially when the light is getting dimmer. A surreal clash of blue and pink light reflected in a mirror ball against the age-old library hall bows, ladders leaning on the book cases in their alcoves and historic splendour. Impressive setting. Drinks and food are reasonably prices and service is efficient, though a little chaotic at times. They have free wifi for the duration and allow you to wonder around the building. They also have weekly compettitions on social media websites to win a meal or vouchers. i would definitely visit again as they are creating the all important exclusive atmosphere and this is one place that keeps its visitor numbers to a containable volume.I very much like. - See you next year!
4	Where does one take one's mother-in-law for lunch on a crisp winters day during her first visit to Edinburgh? Well, the Signet Library fit the bill.As a former library assistant I did feel a bit naughty eating and drinking near all of those lovely books, but still...Maybe we were lucky with the menu on the day we visited, but there wasn't a single thing I wouldn't have eaten. The soup of the day spicy parsnip and apple sounded delicious (and smelled rather good as someone else's order wafted past) but in the end I opted for the savoury scone, basil and tomato scone topped with mozzarella and sun-dried tomatoes - accompanied by a rocket salad with a delicious balsamic glaze (which can save even the most bland of salads in my eyes).All delicious, not overly expensive (although mother-in-law kindly paid!) and fuelled us nicely for traipsing around the castle afterwards!
