5	We have called Air factor twice now and they are quick reliable and on top of the job. They have been very pleasant and fast. I will call them everytime we need something done. Thank you as well for the great customer service!!!!
5	Several years ago, after getting bids from several others, we chose Air Factor to replace our heat pump system with a more efficient Trane.  We have never regretted it.  The installation was done efficiently and as planned, no surprises.  Their people have always been capable, professional but congenial, and reliable, and we've had them service our unit regularly ever since.
5	I have used Air Factor for over five years for all my heating and ac needs.  I have found them to be quick, reliable and available when needed.  The technicians have been friendly, helpful and knowledgeable in taking care of all my needs.  Last year,  I had my entire unit replaced.  They were very thoroughly in conducting a  very detailed inspection of my attic, roof and ducts.  The other companies that provide estimates did not take the same time.I highly recommend them!
5	I met with several ac companies to provide quotes for our new ac system.  Tim Friederich from Air & Water Factor did the best job evaluating our hot spots and finding simple and inexpensive solutions to balance our house.  There prices were very reasonable compared to the others.  He offered options and explained them in simple terms that we could understand so we were comfortable choosing the system that fit our needs the best.  The new system is very quiet and uses far less electricity than the old one.  We also have been able to stay comfortable at a higher thermostat setting because the house temperatures are balanced.  Air and Water Factor did a fantastic job on the installation as well.  The left the work area clean and we are extremely happy with everything.  I recommend them highly.
5	We could not be happier with the service we received from Air and Water Factor. We had a problem with our AC unit on a late Friday afternoon, after talking to them they had a technician at our house within an hour! Justin was very knowledgable and explained not only what was the problem and how he would fix it, but also how to prevent it from happening again. It is rare to find a reliable and honest AC/plumbing company.
