4	Are you a fan of all the fun things to buy at Patty's Closet?  Are you a jewelry freak?  Would you like to add some color to your wardrobe?  If you answered "yes" to any of these questions, then make sure you get yourself down to Sparkle ASAP.I stopped by today for their grand opening.  Patty was generous enough to offer 20% off your purchase for the day, 10% proceeds going to the SPCA, and a raffle for a free iPad to celebrate the grand opening.  How awesome is that?As for the jewelry, there is a large selection and it is available in every color you can imagine.  If you've ever shopped the jewelry at Patty's closet, I think you might have an idea of what to expect.  Mainly larger pieces, lots of crazy designs (owl brass knuckles?), and fashion magazine pages around to show you the latest trends.  I spent more time in here than I should have.  I might have also fallen in love with a ring involving a seahorse with coral and a hidden watch.  Yea, I know it doesn't make any sense when I say it like that.... so I guess you're just going to have to get to the store and see it for yourself!Prices are great- 10-ish bucks for a bracelet, 16-ish bucks for a necklace or fancy ring, 12-ish bucks for earrings.  My only complaints are that it is so far from my area of town (booo) and that it was a lot of larger statement pieces (I'm usually more of an understated kinda girl).  A fun place to check out and a local business- hooray!
4	I just noticed this place the other day when dropping my brother off at work. I know there was a Patty's Closet at this location before, which I never got the chance to checkout, but it has been replaced with this new store. The bright, modern decor and "sparkle" is what lured me in. They carry a ton of very unique, funky, and stylish jewelry, sure to make a statement. Some of the stuff I'd probably never wear because it's a little too wild for me, but a lot of the other jewelry is very nice and perfect for everyday wear or a night out. The prices are also very affordable, just a tad above Charming Charlie prices. I'll definitely be stopping by when I'm in need of some statement pieces.
5	If you wan fantastic inexpensive jewelery go here. Great if your going out or just hanging out :) my new favorite accessory store!
4	What a fun place to shop. Have to admit it was a little hard to focus when I first walked in but after I started to look around each section was fun and inexpensive accessories for any outfit. Have always loved Patty's closet and this place is a great addition!
