5	On time, fast and efficient.  Reasonable price.
5	Larry and his son Caleb worked on several issues in my RV this AM.  Both men worked hard, and efficiently.  Their knowledge of the various systems in my coach was impressive, and allowed them to diagnose problems quickly and apply the necessary fixes. Their charges were reasonable and fair.Bullseye RV Repair is now my go to techs while my coach resides in Phoenix.
5	Bullseye RV Repair came out to the house & performed several repairs on my 2003 40 ft Eagle.  They were extremely knowledgeable & very professional.  They don't cut corners. I thought a couple of the items on my list were going to take quite some time to fix and be fairly expensive.  I was wrong.  Because of Larry's vast experience, he was able to spot the problems right away and do a 100% fix quickly and very inexpensively.  He replaced a couple of furnace blower motors that were making noise, and the price he charged for the motors was much less than I would have paid at the nearest RV store.  (and he had them on the truck already).I know who to call for all my future RV repairs.....he made me a happy camper!
1	Terrible service and attitude. Larry chose to not return phone calls or messages when he left  without being able to fix our motorhome. He was paid in full and I even bought them lunch. He did damage inside the rv and didn't fix until we pointed it out. His word means nothing - he backed out of his warranty and waited for the mfg warranty to run out without fixing the problem.  He ignored us rather than to man-up and admit he just couldn't fix it correctly.
1	Took our money and ran!!  He underbid the repair on the coach and then refused to finish the job and fix the coach for which he was already paid!! Hired a "reputable" company to finish the job and will report him to BBB.  He is a thief!  Please use someone else!
5	Great service, went right to the fix.  Did it in a very fast and thorough manner and very reasonable price.  Highly recommend them.
