5	Love my nails! Patricia is very sweet. When you walk in, there are studios of other beauticians- Patricia is in her own suite (219) so you have your own personal nail salon in a sense!Since you are the only person with her- she is very attentive to your needs- she played a movie that I wanted to watch during my gel pedicure and listened to relaxing music during my gel mani. Overall a very beautiful and relaxing experience. 50% off for new customers! So my bill for a gel mani and gel pedi was $40. Can't be beat!
5	Love my nails, Patricia does an amazing job!  I was looking for someone that can do nail designs and a gel manicure that would last more than a week! Looks like I found my new nail salon :) I liked that it was a salon for one and I was able to watch movies while getting pampered. If you want nail art you should definitely check out her photos and give her a try.
5	Patricia is wonderful. Her studio is clean and organized. She is thorough and professional. The experience was above my expectations. I bought a Groupon deal in April to use for my best friend's birthday. We had to reschedule a few times, but Patricia was always patient with my scheduling changes. The appointment day finally came and I was very impressed with the entire facility. Upon arrival, Patricia turned on a movie (Mama Mia). My friend Emily sat in a chair and we chit chatted for most of the visit with each other. Toward the last part of our visit, we got to know Patricia a little better and she is just so fun to talk to! The pedicure Patricia did was so thorough and she actually fixed a problem with my big toe nails that I've lived with for years. She works very diligently and is professional the entire time. Clean, organized. I know I am repeating myself but I'm so impressed. This was my first ever gel mani-pedi. I couldn't be happier and my friend Emily enjoyed hers as well: we even talked her into letting Patricia do a sweet little design on her nails. I will most definitely be recommending Patricia to friends and returning to her every chance I get. She has many talents and can do a lot with nails: ANYTHING you can imagine, she can do!
5	Patricia was a real pro.  She's quite busy so I would recommend calling or texting her to make an appointment.  I had my gel mani removed and I texted her a picture of nails posted on her website and she was able to duplicate it.  The total cost was $60, but since I bought a $60 Yelp coupon for $30 I didn't pay anything extra except the tip.  I am very pleased with her work and recommend her highly!
5	I enjoy the private space. When you're there you're the only client. This makes for a nice relaxing experience. Patricia a lovely woman who is a pleasure to sit with. She makes sure I'm comfortable and always has fun stuff to watch on the tv while enjoying my service. Her prices are outstanding and her work is impeccable. If you love nail art then I don't think you can find anyone who does it better than Patricia. She is very creative and on top of all the latest trends. Her first time customer deal of 50% off is the best I've ever seen, so if you haven't tried her yet then get to it! You will definitely become a regular because she is amazing.
5	Best nail artist in Vegas.  No one will have nail designs like yours. Awesome quality.  Have had rhinestones on every finger for 3 weeks, not one fell off. I'll never go to someone else.
5	Best nail experience ever. Private space. She listens to you and works with you to figure out exactly what you want. So different than a nail salon. Her nail art is amazing! She even put on one of my favorite movies. My nails look awesome. The lotion she used smelled so good. I can still smell it hours later! I'll def be going back.
5	Great work !
5	I Luv this place. Patricia was so professional and attentive. I pick one design what i want for my nail on  magazines, and I show to her. She made my nail better than the one in the magazine. Her studio was very comfortable as well. You can even watch movie and relax during you get the nail.
5	Patricia is wonderful. She did an amazing job with my gel mani-pedi. She takes her time and give me advise how to keep dryness out in my hands. We'll certainly be back.
5	Great customer service! Patricia is very professional! She pays attention to details and doesn't rush at all. Would go back anytime:)
5	Patricia was great. I purchased a groupon and enjoyed both my visits at her space. She takes her time and the gels really last. Can't wait to go back.
5	Patricia was absolutely wonderful. I made an appointment for a full set and pedicure yesterday and was very lucky to have gone today.The pedicure was very nice, she took great care of my feet and especially my toes. I never felt any irritation or pain while she was trimming my cuticles or pumicing my heels. She had a great selection of OPI polishes and a few other brands. I didn't see the gels she had, since I didn't want it.For my nails, she used forms instead of tip extensions. I was very happy to have this, since my experiences with tip extensions have been awful recently. When working on the natural nail for the acrylic, she was very careful and thorough with a file. I really dislike the use of a nail drill on my natural nails ever since I went to a place a couple weeks ago and she almost made it down to my nail bed. She asked often if anything hurt and of course it didn't. She didn't rush and was very efficient. And because this was a private studio, there wasn't any distractions to cause any mistakes.And of course I took advantage of the 50% off for new clients, but I'll happily pay full price for the work and service I received. Patricia has definitely become my go-to, even though this was my first visit.
5	I did alot of research, reading Yelp reviews, before choosing a nail salon and it was worth it....Patricia is beyond amazing at what she does! She is a perfectionist and it shows in her work....she has a great personality on top of everything else. I purchased the Yelp deal,  $30 for $60 dollars worth of service but I would definitely pay full price for her services....I've found my new nail salon!
5	You have to get your nails done by Patricia! She is so talented at what she does, and she takes her time with all of her clients. I went to get a gel manicure/regular pedicure, and I came out extremely happy with her work. I am very picky about my nails, but I had nothing to complain about after my visit with Patricia. Her French manicure is one of the best I have ever received, and she gave me a great nude color suggestion for my feet. Patricia is very sweet, and she will accommodate to all of your needs. Plus, new customers get half off! I will be seeing Patricia more often as my trusted nail technician.
5	I started going to the Patricia because of a groupon deal!! And believe me I was highly impressed!!! I have been doing my nails so long from so many different places but among all of them Patricia did the best job ever!! I usually get gel nails and this never chip off or break off until I go back again!! I highly recommend this place! You won't be disappointed!!! She is the best!!!
5	Seriously love Patricia! You tell her what you want, and she'll make it happen. She's also awesome at making your nails look not only cute, but healthy - so you don't have to come in one or two weeks later to get them redone. My acrylics/gel nails usually last a month or so!
