4	Dr. Charles David,Associate Director for Internal MedicineIt's tough for most of us to find a good doc.  Especially if you are new in town or or unhappy with your current physician.  With this in mind, may I suggest Dr.  David.   He's smart.  He listens.   He's compassionate.   He won't give you unnecessary tests. He's board certified in internal medicine.  He will help you stay healthy.I've never feel rushed - he is willing to spend as much time with me as I feel necessary.   It's a little bit of nuisance to call for an appointment.  You can't just call the office directly but have to go thru Banner's voice mails, prompts/clicks and finally when you get a real person on the phone, it's answered with a "......you have two callers in front of you, please hold"  Other than this minor annoyance, once you have an appointment you should have little or no wait while in the reception area. I've found everyone in the office prompt, friendly, efficient, smart.Go see him, you won't be sorry, only healthy and happy.
2	If Dr. David was still at this practice I would rate it better.  He was an amazing doctor and definitely worth the hassle of going to this office when he was still practicing there.  After he left the staff was so unbelievably rude when they called that I got so flustered I handed my husband the phone.  Making an appointment was always awful and more laborious than it needed to be. There referral service was the worst part, they auto refer you to doctors on their list without any thought to who they are sending you to. The hours are also very inconvenient. I never saw another doctor at this practice so maybe there is another one worth the headache but I am much happier with my new physician and her practice.
1	My doctor was nice enough but overall the policy of the office is garbage. I was told to bring in my medical records from my prior PCP. They were never scanned and my doctor NEVER even looked at them. This means every time I go in to see the doctor, it's like being a new patient. What should be a 30 minute appointment takes 3 hours AND I leave with NOTHING.  No prescriptions, no plan of action, nothing. A year later, same thing. This place is only good for one thing: REFERRALS. Save your money and go see a real doctor, any doctor, just don't go here.
