5	Just moved from a second floor 2 bedroom apartment to a new second floor apartment 20 miles away in the east valley. They arrived early and got the job done fast and the final price was cheaper then the low end quoted price from the well known movers.No hidden cost.I recommend these guys and will definitely use them in the future.
4	Ok so I haven't used this service but I witnessed them working and I looked up pricing and I am so impressed. I am glad I found this place being disabled and knowing others who are disabled who may need these services is so great. This company is affordable and the men I witnessed working today really treated the persons items with care. I like the flexibility and the rates so much I just felt compelled to pimp this company out because I think it's great what they are doing. So if you are in the market for an affordable mover check this place out.
5	I just used their services to move my stuff and I'm really impressed! They arrived early, moved all the stuff very quickly and were extremely helpful! I was on a tight budget and I was but surprised at their charges. They charged just half of what the other movers were quoting!  Also no hidden costs. They explained everything to me upfront before they started.William, the person whom I had contacted was very helpful and was in touch with me throughout the move. He even spoke to me at the end of the move to ensure everything went on well, which was really nice! I had to make the move all alone and was bit nervous but I'm really glad I'm booked these guys. I'm really grateful to them for making it such a smooth move so I tipped them extra :)I would definitely recommend them if you are looking for movers!
5	I'm a big Yelper. I look to Yelp to stave my hunger, to quench my thirst, to pique my curiosity. When I am in need of anything I look to Yelp.My girlfriend is a bit more traditional and although she has one Yelp review to her name, will often look to more old fashioned methods of recommendations when she needs something. We are expecting our first child, and she wanted to look for a well respected daycare. So she subscribed to A****'s L**t. After she had paid the $39 annual fee she searched for daycare and found ZERO results in our area. So much for "Reviews you can Trust" We also get a monthly catalogue full of AL ads - it's great for kindling.One day I was lighting a fire in the back yard and one of the pages of the AL catalogue caught my eye - Emergency Family Movers, $49 per hour. This is about half of the going rate for a reputable moving company. Of course the first thing I did was hop on Yelp to see if they were the real deal and yes they are!I hate moving. I have moved a lot in my life and have had the luxury of having my company move me. It's a great perk. I just sit back and someone packs all my boxes, protects my valuables and takes it all away. When I reach the new city I pick up the phone and my furniture is delivered and the boxes unpacked. Unfortunately, my company only pays for cross-country moves. I wanted to stay in Phoenix and move into a bigger house for the impending arrival of the little one. EFM were great!They arrived on time, the two guys were pleasant, but with minimal English. It's really not that important as moving uses a universal language. Their truck looked a bit ghetto, but it did what it needed to do for my cross-city move. They were quick and efficient, there were no hidden charges or surprises and even when the final time went over by about ten minutes they rounded down! Who does that?They were very careful with everything and were happy to put the boxes in whichever room I asked them to. It was a pleasure to work with them and I made sure to tip them accordingly! They were happy to take payment by credit card, they just called it into the office. no big deal.(One minor point, and not worth docking a star, was that when we were booking them they didn't send a confirmation email confirming our booking. They said they don't do that. I had visions of them forgetting all about us on move day, but those fears were completely unfounded. Might be a good policy to implement though, for your customers peace of mind)
1	These guys moved me last week. The dropped and ruined my front loader dryer. Had to replace it for $754.00. The move was supposed to take 6-8 hours. It took 12 hours and they still didn't complete it.  3 guys showed up, 2 never moved before.   They also damage other furniture. DO NOT USE THE SCUM BAGS! William the owner will not respond. They claim they are insure and bonded. STAY AWAY AZ people. SEE YOU IN COURT WILLIAM! PS.. This will be on TV 3 on your side.  I wouldn't give them 1 star, but had to give some rating.  Also tried to charge me more money for debit card fee.  What a classless company.  They will be out of business soon enough.
1	Tale of two experiences.  Last October when we moved to Arizona, we used EM to unload the truck.  The owners son and another man unloaded a 24 foot truck in less than two hours with no damage.  Fast forward to our move in May.  We decided to use EM after our first experience and had them send three guys to speed up the process and a 24 foot truck.  Only one of the three spoke English, which was a concern.  After the first hour, they did well, but after that things slowed to a crawl with us trying to help them load in an effort to speed up the process.  Numerous times I caught them huddled in the truck talking, going through our boxes and even pulling out my guitar to play on it and breaking the guitar bag in the process.We made an effort to label the boxes with which room they would go to at the new house, but since two of the guys couldn't read English, we have a bunch of boxes in the wrong rooms.  Six hours later and before the job was done the men stopped working to tally things up.  Yes, instead of working, they all stood around trying to figure out our bill and over charged me.  During the move I called the owner to put in a complaint and he ignored me, calling my wife instead, but after the lack luster effort, the breaking of my personal property, and the over charging I had enough, called him to complain, but he did nothing.  I will never use EM again, I'd suggest you explore other options.
