5	My husband and I were married on Cinco de Mayo 2012, and used Something New as our videographer. Let me tell you, I am soooo happy we did! I, like many couples, debated about hiring a videographer. Once we started planning the costs quickly racked up, and I began feeling overwhelmed with how quickly we were reaching our "budget". At the time I remember thinking video wasn't really a necessity. I mean how often was I really going to put in a 30 minute video of our wedding day and watch it? We decided to wait on the videographer and see where we ended up on costs; we figured we could always add it at the last minute. About 3 months before our wedding (thank goodness they had our date open still!) I pulled the trigger and hired Something New.Fast forward to after our wedding, and I can honestly say a videographer was the best money we spent for our wedding. I have in fact watched the video several times, and the emotion and detail it portrays is something our pictures just can't do. If I had to do it all over again Something New would be the first vendor I booked. The quality of product Something New offers is very impressive. The audio, something that was very important to me, is clear and crisp. Our vows, the speeches, etc. came through perfectly. Their creativeness in editing put a twist on the day I couldn't have even imagined. I loved getting to see the "details" I missed, like venue set up and the men getting ready. The final product truly is a story of our fairytale day. Moreover, Jimi and Sandi are just fabulous people, the type of people you want to work with. They took their time to get to know my husband and I as a couple and they listened to what was important to us. Your wedding film is an investment, and I can say with confidence you will not be disappointed if you chose Something New. Thank you again Something New!!
5	Jimi and Sandi were wonderful to work with. They came by before the booking to get to know about us and our interests and stories. They were so warm and personable and we felt very at ease with them. The time they took to make sure our wedding video and the story about us was spot on made for one of the most delightful videos I have ever seen (no bias). When I visited family who weren't able to attend our wedding and invited them to watch our video, they were underwhelmed to say the least...that is until they saw it. We watched it so many times that weekend, without exception people said it was the best wedding video they have ever seen. Very well done, great highlights of the best moments and highly entertaining. In fact, I had several requests for copies. I would highly recommend this very professional company to anyone looking for videographers.
