3	If I were looking for a hotel or car rental or flight and of course the standard these days a cruise I suspect this service would be ok. But ask for full on service such as flight to, hotel, train or boat or even another flight to about six different countries all in succession it is not going to happen. But the are friendly in their inability.
4	Jill was very helpful to get my cruise booked for Sept.  She made sure the rooms were booked side by side or across the hall from each other.  Made sure we had the same dinner time and the reservations were tied in together.  And told me to come back with passport and excursion if I wanted her to book them.  Awesome!
1	AAAtrociousSo, I started out attempting to access my account online. Typed my info in and the screen said my email is already registered.  Clicked the handy "Forgot my password" link and it tells me my email address is not on file. Try again to be sure and same loop.I call the 1-800 number and the lady asks why I called the Colorado office.  Share that I didn't and that their call system forwarded me along as AAA chose; probably because I still use my cell number from Colorado.  She says she will forward me to someone who can help with my password (in a rude tone).  I get an AAA travel agent (?!) who, predictably, tells me he can't help but that he will forward me to the web team.  I was forwarded to an IVR menu that asked if I want option 1 to make travel plans or 2 for other requests.  I press 2 and get a, "Good bye".  So, I call the other number on my card with my irritation level rising.  I share that I've been forwarded twice, hung up on once, and she's my fourth point of contact.  She says she can't help me since she's in Colorado.  But, she offers to hang on after I am forwarded to ensure I get someone.  I get another lady who says she can't help me and that I need to call... wait for it... the 1-800 number.  So, I share that I am now interested in canceling my membership.  Oddly, she was very quick and able with that.So, I am now an ex-AAA member.  These people really need to get their interstate processes, call-forwarding, and IVR systems straight.  This is a customer experience for the Horrendous Customer Service Companies book.  Maybe they will offer a AAA discount on it.
1	Update: They asked for my number to contact me about my experience.  No call after a week.
4	Problems resolved and I received a sincere apologyI received a call from Ashley, their Supervisor for Member Relations.  First, she made no excuses, apologized, and said the cross-state experience is something they are working to fix.  Second, she offered to correct everything along with providing a discount to earn my wife and I back as customers.  Ashley's kindness won me over.Within a half hour, Ashley had cleared my account and Tiffany from AAA's Web Team contacted me to fix the online log-on problems.  I am now able to access my account online.Very good comeback...
1	AAA discounts is one reason I am a member.  This travel store does not offer Walt Disney World passes for purchase.Thanks for the offer of Disneyland tickets Collin but I am traveling to Disney World in Florida.   I always purchased my park passes from  AAA when I live in PA. I just assumed since you are Disney specialists that they would be available.
5	I visited Indian School and Litchfield branch yesterday, spoke with Nicole, she was very friendly, professional and helpful. I received a competitive quote for both car and home insurance, much cheaper than our current insurance provider.I am happy to be a AAA memberThank you.
5	Visited the location on Litchfield and Indian School yesterday to register my vehicle that had lapsed.  I was greeted promptly upon entering from the receptionist who was very nice.  I was helped futher to register my car from Lisette Uvalde....I believe that was her name even though I might have the spelling wrong.  She was professional and very attentive to my needs and had a personality beyond just there doing her job so it was easy to engage in some small talk as well.  A great experience.
