5	So, this review is based on my mother's experience with Dr. Tonioli, one of the root canal specialists there.  I have accompanied her to a couple of appointments, and both my mother and I have nothing but praise for Dr. Tonioli and his assistants.  First, I'd like to say that my mom's tooth problem was a difficult fix.  She had to go in four times.  Every single time, Dr. Tonioli was absolutely patient and always gave my mother options for the next step in order to correct her problem.  My mother's English is also not great, but he was patient and kind enough to write things down for her, allowing her to go home and look things up.  On one occasion, he and I talked on the phone after my mother's appointment so he could delineate her options to me, making sure both of us were in the loop, with no lost details.  Both he and his dental assistants are so welcoming and warm, just the type of people needed to make patients feel comfortable.  Going to the dentist is stressful enough, but having good people taking care of you makes it that much more tolerable.  After my mother's tooth problem was fixed, she went back to her general dentist.  He took one look at the tooth and said that Dr. Tonioli did a very impressive job.  Everything healed up nicely.  So, don't just take it from us, even our dentist said he did a great job!  So next time you need to go to a root canal specialist, remember Dr. Tonioli!
5	Okay, after having several root canal procedures; my latest experience would be very trying...Went to see my dentist at Open Wide Dental; Dr. Durisek suggested I see a specialist for 2 of my teeth that needed to be "retreated" or root canals done again...AARGH; he referred me to Dr. Kevin Axx at Valley Endodontic; and it made me smile.  Dr. Axx & staff were great and they even followed up 2 days later to see how I was doing.  Just wish they had the massage chairs like Open Wide Dental...
5	Met up with Dr. Kevin Axx for a consult and the actual root canal after I found him on my carrier's directory. The procedure was more than what my dentist could handle, and so I was referred to an endodontist. Unfortunately, I was referred by my dentist to an out-of-network specialist, so I was crossing my fingers when I met up with Axx after I found him on the directory, with only the one other reviewer here on Yelp as my source of feedback. The whole experience was better than anything I could have anticipated. Staff support was great, convenient location, ample parking, very clean facilities, even the decor was tasteful and the colors weren't circa 1980s like other doctors' offices. Axx was great in explaining everything and answering all my questions. I even picked up a lasagna cooking tip from one of their staff members. Can't beat that. In the highly unlikely event that I'd need another root canal, I'd go back to them in a heartbeat.
5	Went into the dentist to swap out amalgam for composite today, only to find that a root canal was needed. I was already comfortably numb and freshly drilled, so when my dentist arranged for a referral, Valley Endodontic offered to fit me right in. Dr. Tonioli was truly exceptional. He's one of those people who sets you at ease from the moment he walks in. Procedure was a cake-walk for me - was prepared for something awful but I'll tell you, it was totally pain free...and most importantly anxiety free! Staff (assistants and front desk) were friendly, courteous and encouraging as well.I highly recommend Valley Endodontic if you're in need of a root canal.
5	Valley Endodontic rocks!  Great group!  Worked me in and did a root canal on a quick and gentle turn around. Warm friendly staff and a clean office. Highly recommend!
5	I saw Dr. Kevin Axx for two appointments a root canal and a couple of extractions. It was two of the most pleasant dental experiences I have had in my life. The staff is super friendly and Dr Axx is extremely informative about the procedure and makes sure you are comfortable throughout the process. I had hardly any down time fare both procedures which was a pleasant suprise. The front desk staff was friendly and prompt with their check up call to make sure I was doing well. I definitely felt taken care of and comfortable. Highly recommend this office and cannot say enough about Dr Axx and his wonderful team.
