5	Let me start by saying I review restaurants with a friend of mine for a few well-known publications, and it is rare that dining experience actually leaves me really excited.  I love this place, along with the more upscale restaurant across the hall by the same owner.  I was born and raised in Charleston and it is so nice to finally be able to get authentic, well-prepared Lowcountry food here in Las Vegas.  In fact, I've been there the last three days in a row with a friend of mine who is also from the Carolinas!!!  So far I've tried the fried oysters, the chilled oysters, the she-crab soup (my favorite, makes you wanna slap your momma!), the crab and lobster cakes with southern cole slaw, the classic Charleston shrimp and grits (perfect amount of smokiness, superb!), the arugula salad, and the shrimp burger.  If anything, the only complaint that I had was that I wished the crab cakes were bigger because I loved them so much!  The servers were excellent and friendly as well as the bartenders, one of which is from the same island I grew up on in the Lowcountry and was happy to "chew the fat" with me when he had few minutes.  Louis, the owner, even took a few minutes out of his busy schedule when he heard I was from Charleston and chatted with me.  I can't wait to take my family there when they come to visit!P.S.  To the reviewer before me:  The "benches" in the front of the restaurant are called joggling boards and are one of Charleston's many trademarks - they were used as kind of a sitting trampoline for kids or as a bench for lovers to court on.
1	I was going to write a review  a few weeks ago about this place but  after seeing the 2 other reviews i thought it was unnecessary...i then saw the last review ( not sure why i did not see the last review before ) giving a 5 star rating and i almost lost my dinner....are you kidding me ??  i am still laughing about the appetizers - i guess i didn't hit the jackpot like one of the other reviewers -  SO and I got 7 onion rings - costing $6.95 ...keep in mnd this is not in a resort casino and it's not a michelin rating  foo-foo place...and the rings weren't wortha shit !  the crab cakes...are you sure they used crabe...alot of "filling " in these lil buggers and for ...hmmm...i forget the price ...over $10 for sure...a fish place with limited fish offerings...SO who was hankering for some fish wound up ordering a vegetarian plate that had succotash, mushrooms and ...i forget the 3rd item...she ate one mushroom one bite of the succotash and pushed the plate away...and i ate a burger - dry can be - the bacon on top was tasty....i usually give most restaurants 2 tries before i give it a thumbs up or down...nope i ain't wasting the $$$  on thsi shithole again .....my prediction...this place won't last past 2008
1	We ate here because it was adjacent to the movie theatre at Town Square.  I think we shall also wait a bit before trying it again - if at all.  The decor/artwork, and atmosphere was attractive and interesting.  There was a live band playing mostly country music - with a great guitar player.  The music was so loud that we couldn't maintain conversation at the table.  The menu was interesting - we are not familiar with "lowcountry food" but we thought several things on the menu sounded appealing.  Our party of two sixteen-year-old boys and two forty-somethings ordered the fried alligator and the cornmeal fried oysters with horseradish sauce.My SO ordered skillet fried flounder entree, which was served on a rice pilaf of some sort.  He kept reaching for the salt during the meal and afterwards claimed that he "could have opened a frozen dinner and had a better meal than that."  I had a ceasar salad which was boring.  One teen ordered the mac and cheese and was picking at it so I asked if it was any good.  He replied, "actually, it's not" and admitted that he didn't like the spices in it nor did he like the way the alligator had been flavored.  The other teen liked his pulled pork sandwich.  All in all, a disappointing meal for $82+tip.  And that was with three waters and an iced tea!  When we got home, we agreed that it was too bad that we were disappointed because the restaurant has a lot of potential.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong menu items?  Then I read the previous posts.  Hope Louis' can fix their problems and I also hope their other upscale restaurant at Town Square offers better fare!  Dare we try it?
3	This restaurant has great potential. I dined here with a friend about three days after it opened for buisness. I spent three months in Hilton Head, SC which is part of the low country. One important point that I would like to mention, is that everything at Louis's is made from scratch, and their ingredients are fresh. The service was attentive. When my friend and I first got are appetizer order of onion rings the dish was undercooked. We notified are waitress and she addressed the issue immediately. The Pear and Arugula Salad with black eyed vinagrette was excellent, and my dessert the coconut cupcake was fantastic. Lastly, I liked the decor and the menu selection. Overall, if your shopping at Towne Center, I would recommend checking out this restaurant.
5	First off, let me state that I am officially the World's Pickiest Eater.  A boniefied Neophobe is what they call me.  So when a few of my friends and I were looking for a place to grab a bite before seeing a movie, I was sure to study the menu at Fish Camp before we walked in. Macaroni and Cheese....checkCrispy shrimp....checkI should be good to go.  We walked in and the decor was the coolest that I have seen in a long time.  You really feel like you're walking straight into a Fish Camp.  It is bright and everyone was super friendly right off the bat.  We had the onion rings which were TO DIE FOR.  The batter was so light and the onion so THICK!  The crispy shrimp were delicious (similar batter) and the mac n cheese was cheesy goodness.  Then, I tried the flash fried alligator.  I, the NEOPHOBE, tried ALLIGATOR. And guess what? I LOVED it.  We of course had to order desert and that Pawleys Island Pie was something else....I wish I would've had more room to finish the thing. Our waiter took the time out to chat with us and Chef Louis stopped by our table to introduce himself. Overall, I was very pleased.  Fish Camp is not your run-of-the-mill Claim Jumper restaurant, it offers a different taste and is a great alternative to all the chains offered at Town Square and around town.  Also, I recently heard they have live bands play on Friday nights. I can't wait to go back to check that out for some good Southern tunes.
3	Fish Camp....HAHAHA I like saying it. Hey Mom and Dad I'm goin to FISH CAMP. I expected Mr Limpet to be there. But i did like....SHRIMP N GRITS. Ya and it was 24.95.....Everything else I ordered was happy hour menu stuff. Because of the economy....yea well yall know. But I did by me some 25 dollar shrimp and gritss. Yummy shrimp....Yummy buttery grits....Happy hour fish and chips yummy.....Gator Yummy.......Crab cake - eh ok.....BUT SHRIMP and GRITS....YUMMY. Food isnt bad - this place lost on pricing. Happy hour is the best time - share the shrimp and grits.....Wait....isn't southern food inexpensive?
1	My wife and I chose to celebrate our 21st wedding anniversary with dinner at Fish Camp at Las Vegas' Town Center on Friday. What a horrible experience that was. The service provided by our waitress was okay...until her friends arrived. She spent the rest of the evening camped out at their table, ignoring us almost completely. The food (my NY strip and my wife's Cobb salad) were marginal, at best. I was quite surprised, given the prices, which are outrageous for the quality and quantity of the food. The coup de grace for us, however, came just as we were finishing our meal. A bus boy lost control of a tray, spilling empty oyster shells and spaghetti all over my shirt and down my leg. Fine, accidents happen, and I wasn't really angry with him. A manager came out and offered to comp our meal (we let her, of course), but she seemed genuinely angry and surprised that we were upset. She kept repeating (loudly, even, as we were leaving the restaurant), "It was just an accident." Fine. It was an accident. I get that. I don't have to be happy about it, though. All-in-all, it was a horrible, horrible experience. I just don't think this restaurant is ready for prime time. And they certainly don't need to be charging the prices they're charging for the quality of the food and service they're offering.
