4	I had a pool table as a kid and we had both pool balls and snooker balls. As a result, I've always liked the game of snooker, but I had never played it on a real table until now.4 Kaz Snooker Club & Bar gives Vegas something new. Sure there is a snooker table or two at Cue Club (haven't been there in a decade). But Kaz exists first and foremost for snooker. There are five full size tables, as well as a couple of pool tables for those so inclined. The place has only been open for a few months, so the tables are all in tip-top shape and come complete with the necessary extension bridges and extra-long cue stick.Snooker costs $9.50 per hour vs $8.50 per hour for pool (IIRC). Time flies during a game of snooker, especially when you suck. It doesn't help that the table is humongous and the pockets are less forgiving. But it's fun, challenging, and totally worth it for a couple hours of entertainment. (We completed three games in just under two hours).If you're looking to hit some balls with sticks in a nice, clean, and smokeless environment, Kaz is your spot.
4	Love Snooker. Has not been open for long still I always make sure to play here if time permits when in Las Vegas. This place is Cool if you like Real snooker tables. Is a small snooker room. Bring a friend and have fun. No food but lots of places to eat all in the same center. Had a wonderful meal pretty much next door.
5	"New" place that me and a few friends have been going to now. I knew of this place for a long while but had a friend who wanted to play snooker. One night, they decided to come here. Owner is Thai and is super nice. They used to have 5 snooker tables but recently (As of 11/23/12) when I went there last, they had sold two of the tables. The environment is really good. Clean. Smoke-free. Music is either oldies (Beatles, Bee Gees, etc) or Chinese (Mandarin or Cantonese). Either way, good environment. Tables are super clean. Balls are pretty much perfect (not abused). The cues are mostly straight except we found a few broken ones (wonder how that happened o_o). They also have a few pool tables too for those who dont wanna try at the extremely harder game of snooker. Fun place. Not too expensive when you have a group of 4. You can bring your own beer. Highly suggested :]
5	I've been here maybe three times now. It's a place my friend's have discovered to play snooker. I didn't really know it existed until my friend said that it was under Bazic.  First time I tried snooker, which is totally not forgiving at all, especially when you first just started! They have three snooker tables (sold two from five) and two pool tables. The prices aren't bad, and the owner is very friendly! The place itself is clean and a very friendly environment, seems like a lot of people go there, because it fills up pretty fast when I've gone with friends. The music is pretty old stuff, but you don't really pay much attention to it when you're with friends and enjoying a good time.They allow outside drinks, a friend usually brings some beer to play with.
1	We played for only 3 minutes over 1 hr and it's a $2 more charge!? Ridiculous
