1	Worst experience ever!  The expeditor was rude, they forgot my cheese and bacon, charged me $3.50 for a bottled soda.  Then, when I got back to my seat, they had forgotten the mayo and mustard.  Needless to say, I ate my dry burger with unmelted cheese because it was easier than throwing everything back in my bag and heading up to the counter.  The overall attitude of the staff was crappy - like they were bothered to fix my order.  Never again!
3	Have it your way, like back in the day.I can't tell you the last time I went to a BK and the cashier asked me what I wanted on my Whopper, but the super nice cashier at this Burger King did.  Softspoken and pleasant, Francine is exactly the type of employee I'd want if I ran a fast food place.  She has to deal with surly tourists and travelers all day long but she had a smile on her face and she is genuinely great at what she does.The food took awhile but my Whopper was appealingly prepared (the way I wanted it...no pickles or onions!) and the fries were hot and crisp.  What more can you ask for?  Big shout out to my gal Francine.  If you're passing through LAS, stop by and say hello.
2	Standard BK shop at the airport but was really slow and it took over 15 minutes to complete our order.
1	$12 for a combo meal burger and $10 for 3 chicken strips...what a joke!
1	Burger King in the C-Concourse food court of McCarran Airport in Vegas.Straight away I'd suggest you avoid this place.  There are other options in the area, including a Wendy's back towards security a bit.The service was rude and thoughtless.  The food took 5 full minutes to come out and was COLD.  You'd think that a wait like that means they are making hot, fresh food.The area around BK was not kept clean and the condiments were low.  The soda machine was out of a couple flavors.Overall, this place is a disaster and if you're fortunate enough to check Yelp before eating here, I have one piece of advice:  RUN AWAY!
1	I will preface this by saying that I do understand that Burger King is considered fast food, but I was heading through the LV airport on the way home and decided to grab a quick breakfast sandwich.  I was promptly greeted and placed my order for a muffin breakfast sandwich with just egg and cheese and received it within 3 minutes.  Once I got to the gate, I sat down and took a bite.  What I was presented with was a bite of pure grease, which overpowered the egg flavor.  I guess this is what I get for grabbing something quick.
