3	Only thing to take it up to 4 Stars--later store hours! Come on now...the place is packed on a busy Sat night and they're kicking everyone out....book worms need a place to hang too!
5	What's the problem? I love this place. Every time I come here, its never packed... employees are nice... and  there is always a place to sit and relax with your coffee.
4	Bookstores are becoming harder and harder to find. This, unfortunately, is the closest bookstore (that's not so close) to me. Staff was friendly, store is big even with the large Starbucks cafe. There was only one employee at the checkout counter, but there was only one person in front of me so it didn't take long. Both transaction went smoothly. No complaints other than I wish it was closer.
4	I love this Barnes and Noble. It is always neat and inviting and great service at the Starbucks cafe.Yes the bathrooms here both are labeled with changing tables, for both the mens and womens rooms (hooray) but at the same time, the tables are dirty. My husband left the mens room with our daughter all twitchy from how dirty the changing table seemed.
5	I love bookstores and although Barnes and Noble is a large chained bookstore, it still offers the same comforting feeling as a smaller bookstore.  The staff at this particular location are friendly, knowledgable and always willing to help. They recently went as far as helping me find a new and interesting book to read. Ready Player One was unique and quite interesting. I wouldn't hesitate to ask for another recommendation from this group of book sellers!
4	I go here all the time. You can say i'm a little obsessed with reading so most of my time and money is spent here. The staff is amazing and I love the little help center they have if you have a question, if someone is not there, there are usually a good amount of workers wandering around the store for you to find and ask. One thing that did not give me 5/5 stars is all of the changes to where the books are, which makes it confusing when you start to remember where certain sections are. I also love that there is a Starbucks in the store but a downfall to the Starbucks is that they do not take Starbucks gift cards.
2	I don't really shop at Barnes and Noble anymore now that I have a Kindle growing out of my hand. But I used to work for one a million years ago when I was a youngster in college, the golden glow of my youth when I got angry at housewives asking about the new Dan Brown book, had I heard of it? UGH. The fiction section of this store is comedically small. It's almost an afterthought, tucked way in the back corner like an accident. But fear not, you can get a latte and a bunch of games and random crap that has no literary, or educational value whatsoever. Yippee.
4	I'm a reader so I love Barnes and Noble! I love that I can just come here relax at the coffee shop get some work done in a clean safe and fun environment. They have a great selection of every type of book you can imagine. I find it fun to people watch in the different sections.Now with kindles and Ipads I feel people don't come to book stores as often... its sad.... to me I still like that smell and the sound of that new book when you first open it. The staff here is very friendly and helpful!
5	Great to just come here and pass the time sometimes, get some work done and read some books.
4	This is always a great place to take my son when it's time to cool down...he loves to play at the train table in the children's area.  Afterwards, he picks 2 books, we read them and go home.  I'm surprised this place stays in business considering people just read there and then leave - but until it does, we will keep coming to do the same.  This place was definitely better than Border's when it was still around.
5	We've visit this location pretty frequently since we are at this plaza frequently as well. They have a great selection of books, magazines, and of course a Starbucks cafe if you are interested in a drink while you browse / read.  The staff here is always friendly and helpful. They regularly check to see if you need anything if you pass by them or look a little lost. We love to spend time here since it is quiet and it's nice to be surrounded by actual books!Overall: ANo complaints!
3	I gave it one less star because the layout is kind of off. It is a great store but the entrances are so confusing and awkward. The cafe is the easiest entrance. The store is stuffed and difficult to get around all the nooks and crannies. It is a busy location.
5	There is just something about a brick and mortar book store that really appeals to me. I can't tell you if it's the smell of the books, or the feeling you get when you walk inside of the quiet or just the overwhelming feel of knowledge abounding in all corners that wins it over for me, but why not all of the above? This B&N has a lot to offer for the book lover.  When you enter you get the feeling that this location is similar to the rest of the chain, but if you walk a little further into the store, you'll see that there are some unique pieces to be found here.  They have the standard cafe section where you can grab a coffee and a snack while sitting and enjoying a magazine or a quick read from a book.  Or you can venture to the back of the store and you'll find a brick planter type area that has seats surrounding it and tons of natural sunlight during the day where you can be surrounded by book shelves and quiet readers and enjoy a little "you-time."  Over to the far right of the store they have long tables set up where they have meet-ups and reading and other events throughout the year, so be sure to ask for a schedule if you are into that kind of thing.  All in all this a great location for the chain and we love to stop in here when given the chance.
4	Barnes & Noble Booksellers books has everything that you could want. They sell new and used books, they will buy your old books and the staff are amazing at finding your hard to find books. plus the books are cheap even if you're buying a brand new book. The books are in amazing condition when they are used, and they have a large assortment of rare and unusualt books.
4	I like this place a lot but it's not as big as other Barnes & Nobles I've seen around.  Then again I've seen some even smaller than this location too.They have a wide selection of books to choose from but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the location.  It's kind of on a weird corner so if you park and try to cross the street to get to it, it becomes a game of Frogger.  You're trying to make it from your car to the bookstore without getting hit.  I generally have to park elsewhere and walk around the outdoor mall a bit to get here.  It seems easier than parking really close to it.Not really much you can say about a book store.   It's great, wide selection.  Bathrooms could stand to be cleaner but the staff is friendly so that counts for something.
3	The kids, magazine and non-fiction sections are normal sized but there's hardly any room for fiction since they've turned a bookstore into a toy and useless crap store. Will I still visit this location? Sure but not if I'm browsing for a book.
3	This Barnes And Noble has so much potential. When I walked in I was so hopeful since this location is huge. I was so excited to be amongst all the books, millions of words, written and printed onto pages.   As I browsed, I realized again that books as I know them are going out. People no longer appreciate the glory of cuddling up with a wonderful, physical book yet instead find comfort in reading from a screen. More than half of this location is games. Sure, there are interesting ones that you don't typically see like Dungeons and Dragons Clue, but if I wanted games I would go to a game store. Oh, the disappointment. It scares me, actually, to imagine a world without book stores.    One thing I did love about this location was the large circular room, surrounded by fiction novels and a huge cactus in the middle, chairs all around. If the chairs looked more comfy I'd say I could see myself staying all day, losing myself in pages.
