5	Excellent selection of beer, wine, and booze.  It's the local mom-n-pop shop version of the BevMo less than a mile away.  Actually, my husband went to BevMo and one of the employees highly recommended T's.  But, the people working at T's are ridiculously knowledgeable about their selection.  It's small, but they pack a huge variety of alcoholic beverages into this tiny little store.  Microbrews, foreign beers from every country you can imagine, and the American staples.  A large wine selection that is varied in quality, price and regions.  And a liquor selection that goes from bottom shelf to the highest of high-end.Are you looking for a decent tequila that isn't too pricey to thank someone for watching your cats, but you know that Jose Cuervo is much too standard to show your gratitude?  They'll help you select one that matches your budget and your needs.You just found a bottle of wine with a cool name like "Irony" and you want to know if it's good.  The employees will let you know that it is an excellent selection without breaking the bank.Today we were looking for wheat-free beer.  The cashier took 15 minutes to help us out, and even called his boss for his expertise on the ingredients of each beer.They also have a good selection of well-priced kegs, a humidor, large selection of cigarettes and convenience store items such as pop, candybars and other necessities.This place honestly deserves 5 stars.  Excellent location, excellent selection, and excellent employees.
5	I have to agree with the other posts. Great selection and very knowledgeable. I love that I can go in and describe what I am generally looking for and a price range and the staff always has a great selection. Even though I only stop in like once every two weeks or so the guy always remembers what I bought last time. Two big thumbs up.
4	I'm a frequent patron of T's.  They have been a constant drain on my income since I was 18 and lived across the street.Friendly and knowledgeable staff that has been around for a few years.  They know what I like (whatever's cheap) and usually tell me what their specials are as soon as I come in.  There's also a good selection of beer for when I have a few extra dollars to spend on something fancy.
4	Craft beer & Tampons at the same place!  Great selection of both domestic and imported craft beers with multiple walls of refrigerated product.  There's the middle isles too, so don't assume that it's just the exterior walls with great beers.  I found an above average selection of Bohemian beers and had to try several.  Will be back again soon!
5	I did not expect such a great find in a such a nondescript location. I went there looking for a very odd beer. Not only did they have it, they had tons of it. The guy behind the counter was helpful as soon as I walked in, and showed me exactly what I needed.They know what they sell very well, and can give excellent recommendations on whatever you might be looking for. It was great to talk shop with someone who obviously knew his stuff.
4	Right down the street from Four Peaks, this liquor store rests in an unassuming strip mall. Nothing notable or special about the outside. You would have no idea that there is such a wonderful beer selection inside.The inside has about 1/3 of the store devoted to individual (mostly) bomber bottles of beer first organized by country and in the case of the US by state. A wide variety of several hundred varieties. The staff was helpful and knowledgable about their inventory and quizzed me about the beers I was buying at the register. OK I was a little annoyed about the quiz but at least they knew what they were talking about. The place has several beers in coolers along the walls as well.The prices were reasonable and probably a little cheaper than other regional stores. I would recommend this little diamond in the rough for people in Tempe looking to bulk up their drinking resumes.
5	One of the best liquor stores in Tempe...I've been going here since '02 and the selection has only improved.  If you're thinking of a type of hard to find beer or liquor, chances are T's has it.The store is well organized and has a great selection as well as some of those random items you need to make your party complete.  The staff there is extremely helpful and friendly.A staple of Tempe and ASU beer runs not to mention great specials on beer!
5	Head south on Dorsey off University and then left into the lot.This place is definitely the best secret in Tempe and has LOTS of different beers. Not as many as Tops, who carries every obscure eastern-bloc pilsner or lager, but T's has all the main American micros and Europeans. With the American micros, you can expect to find some of the limited release big bottles for reasonable prices! Expect to pay a few dollars LESS than Tops, so check here first!There are often some special deals on some large bottles by well-known makers (if you're familiar) on aisle endcaps, so check there for the special signage. There are also some cold steals in the cooler to your right as you walk in. I scored a Bruery Xmas bomber for like 3 bucks!Great deals can be had on Stone bombers, Green Flash bombers, Alesmith big'uns and other corked Americans. At last visit they still had the Stone '08 Vertical Epic for cheap! Keep it to yourself! I'm leaking this secret for you Yelpers only! On a broader note, it helps if you know your brands or styles you like, then you can appreciate this place a lot more. Not a place for beer rookies!
5	Besides the fact that this liquor store has an excellent selection of beer, wine, and booze, they also have a small walk-in humidor to buy cigars!  There is nothing I love more than being able to pick up a nice hand-made cigar while buying a bottle of good whiskey and some good beer.  This place is located near Four Peaks Brewery, so I will often stop here after I leave the brewery for my at home liquor and smoking needs.the cigar selection isn't huge, but they have basic good brands like CAO, Punch, Macanudo, Partagas, Acid, and others.  If you are a lover of fine cigars and booze like I am, this is the liquor store for you!
5	Awesome staff!
5	I love T's! The owner is always extremely friendly and helpful and he always has great suggestions (I almost always get whatever he suggests). They also run fantastic specials very frequently. I also like that you can get a build your own  six pack of beer with all different ones. My favorite liquor store!
5	Great neighborhood liquor store, friendly employees and excellent selection.  I like that you can buy a can of one type of beer before having to commit to the whole 6 or 12 pack. That helps me to try new beers that I might not have otherwise.
5	The best neighborhood liquor store i have ever been too. Yup, the staff is friendly in a liquor store here, not creepy or intimidating like everywhere else!!!.They have huge collection of beers and wines and other liquors. Whats better, they even let you mix-n-match your 6 pack or 12 pack of beer. They even make suggestions unlike other places. They have some kegs too. They have these small informative tags and notes on their wine collection with great suggestions. They also have a decent collection of cigars just in case you were wondering about smoking.  All these reasons require me to become the dutch of this place :)
1	This used to be my favorite place to get some beer or whatever my kitchen was lacking. I am now changing my opinion. Starting with the fact that they are very overpriced in a college town. I spend $20 on two 6-packs. Well the worst part was that one of the 6-packs was stale, skunk, whatever you want to call it, but GROSS! I drank one and thought something was weird. Well after one sip of the second beer, I knew it was nasty. So the next day I went back hoping to simply exchange the sixer for one that was fresh. The man working gave me strange looks and never apologized. He said well that's the born on date. OK. I understand that, but what I am saying is that I drank this beer and it tasted like dirt. Granted it's the same brand of beer I always drink and I've shopped at T's many, many times. I did not appreciate his unwillingness to help me. After I spent enough money to justify going to a happy hour on beer, I would hope that a customer service oriented person would at least say, "That's weird, man I'm sorry- let me get you a different one". Needless to say, but I will anyways- I left the remaining beers on his counter and will not return.
