4	The Kweilin is one of the classic old gentleman of the Cantonese restaurant scene in Edinburgh, having been around for years to bring its traditional service, and menu offerings, to steadfastly loyal Edinburgh diners.Ok, so it isn't the edgiest, most high fashion establishment to elegantly eat your noodles (who I am kidding, there's nothing elegant about my chopstick technique), but what it doesn't have necessarily in the trends department, it makes up for with a consistently high standard of food and very professional staff.The dishes here follow a very classic Cantonese menu route, so all your old, comforting favourites are here, from lemon chicken, to the everlastingly good Chow Mein, and a good old helping of crispy Peking duck and pancakes. I always eat too much when I come here, and somehow, after eating the equivalent of about six main courses, I still manage to consume a wholeheartedly calorific banana fritter at the end of it all. Tremendous.
5	So far, my favourite Chinese restaurant in Edinburgh. If they would only deliver their food to me, I would eat from here about 3 times a week! I've only eaten in once and although as Cheryl said it's nothing edgey or high fashion, the service was brilliant and the food was, as always, FANTASTIC! I've lost count of how many times I've gotten takeout from here but it's been on point every.single.time. I've had a variety of dishes from fish & tofu in a claypot to the more mainstream sweet & sour chicken/pork and have not found fault with any of the dishes.Well worth a visit.
5	If you want to Chinese food in Edinburgh, it is the best choice in my opinion. The restaurant is quiet (but i heard it is different what Chinese tourists are here), clean and waiter is kind. Food is very good. I ordered several foods but there is no food disappointing me.
1	Disappointing experience. Extremely slow service and disorganized wait staff. Inordinately long wait for food to arrive. Everything served tepid and flavors flat. I expected better in a world-class city with discerning clientele. Not a spot I would return to or recommend.
4	We took forever to decide that we were going out for a meal.  When we did we chose Kwelin because of the reviews and location from home.  The fact that we could get a table at 2130 also helped the process.Kwelin's food was good, I wouldn't say the best I have had but we both thoroughly enjoyed it.  The staff were friendly and even though we were blatantly stopping them going home they never made us feel like we had to leave.  I found it good value and would definitely go again.
