4	This near-uptown Trader Joe's opened last week after much anticipation. I'll admit it -- I was pretty excited. I drove by each day last week hoping it had had a "soft opening" and I could go in and check it out. But it opened on its scheduled day, and had steady crowds throughout the weekend. I'm excited to finally have an option for healthy and cheap food that is close to my house. I'm currently addicted to the sea salt brownies (OK, not so healthy), but their produce is great too. My first visit was a little overwhelming because of the crowds and all the new options, but I'm looking forward to checking it out again.
5	How on earth can Trader Joes' only have ONE review thus far?  I know it's new, but seriously?I am brimming over with loyalty and pride in Trader Joe's.  You could say I'm an evangelist for them.Let me begin by saying with megaphone in hand, "People of Charlotte, you have no idea how lucky you are to have Trader Joe's near you with a parking deck! " A friggin' parking deck with plenty of parking, shielding you from the sun and rain - pinch me.  Typically there are 10 parking spots that people kill for at a Trader Joe's!This grocery store may seem a little weird for first timers.  It's small, there aren't any aisle signs and no big name brands - but stick with it and you'll discover it's charms, to name a few:1) Incredibly affordable2) Unique quick fixing foods3) Plenty of organic items4) Friendly staff5) That family feel6) Small enough, that it's manageable to navigate. Once you get used to it, you can blow through your shopping list in minutes and spend half as much as you would at Harris Teeters.My favorites to buy still remain: No Pudge Brownie Mix, frozen sweet potato fries, onion and gruyere tart, orange chicken, almond cherry trail mix, roasted pepper and tomato soup and TOFUTTI CUTIES.  Dairy products here are also great and cheap (sour cream, half and half, butter, etc.).  The weird thing about TJ's on the east coast is that they have local brands not re-labeled "Trader Joe's" or "Trader Giotto's" brands.  Oh, and their ground turkey tastes weird - really strong turkey taste and not like what I used to get in Cali.This store is more spacious than most TJ's and well-stocked.  Check it out before more people discover this place.
5	What makes this better than the Trader Joe's in Piper Glen is definitely the parking situation.  I never have problems finding close parking here. As for the store itself, Trader Joe's can do no wrong in my eyes.  My favorites in no particular order:-Bird's Nests (frozen section; shredded veggies tempura fried and delicious!)-Soy and Ginger carrots (frozen section; shredded carrots--totally delicious!)-Ginger Senbei (snacks; ginger-flavored, similar to ice cream cone pieces)-Gluten-free mac n cheese (a big surprise for me and hubby)-lemongrass coconut stix (frozen section; fantastic!!)-red curry sauce (add meat and rice and totally easy delicious meal!)-spices (fresh and cheap--my favorites!)-Carne Asada (fresh meats--we cut it up and make fajitas--yumm!!!)-pre-made pizza dough (cheese section--easy and delicious!)-Peaberry coffee (one of my faves!!)-Wine section!  (make sure to try the cheap wines that are local faves--though I don't like the 2 buck chuck that everyone raves about)Make sure you have plenty of time to shop when you come--not because they're slow or things are hard to find.  You just won't want to leave!  We have made Trader Joe's our main grocery store now that I'm on a greener kick these days. They also enter you in a drawing when you bring your own bags (and they only use paper bags when you don't).  They also have samples out all the time. Also, this is some of the cheapest organic food you can find, which is a bonus.  I try to buy it whenever possible, but it's always so expensive--Trader Joe's makes it affordable and delicious!    Go now--go!!!!
4	This is really 4 1/2 stars (dammit Yelp!), the only thing keeping it from a 5 being the produce (a little pricey) and cheese (house brands are not that impressive). So that means that between here, the farmer's market, and Pasta and Provisions (when the budget allows, hehe) I get to stay completely away from the Teeter (unless they've got their Barefoot selection on sale).The first TJ's I ever visited was outside of Philly, and since we were about to embark on a backpacking trip, was the perfect place to grab any and all trail mixes, bags of nuts, cheap tortellini, and other dry goods. Since then, I've become a devoted fan, even braving the 100-people deep lines at the location in NYC's Union Square (I kid you not-- even at 10 o'clock at night on, like, a Tuesday) for the cheap goodness of this store. Now that we're here, and I get to park 20 feet from the store entrance, and can even use a CART if I need to, and people aren't glaring angrily at each other and grabbing for the last container of bruschetta topping or the last bag of pizza dough... it's as close to bliss as grocery shopping can aspire to be.No, the house wine isn't great-- especially the extremely sweet chardonnay (stick to the reds, imho) but it's cheap, and decent. English muffins/pita/whole wheat loaves are tasty and a dollar cheaper than your average store. Soymilk, eggs, pizza dough, soy chorizo (YUM), you name it, you can get almost everything you need for a healthy, flavorsome week of cooking at home for 30% less than HT or even, amazingly, Food Lion. One more thing, and then I'll stop gushing: the frozen selection. My fellow veggies will concur that the prices of things like veggie burgers and chik patties have gradually climbed to ridiculous prices over the past year: at TJ's, all those brand names (and some awesome house brand versions) are here, and at 2006 prices. Proud to be a hardcore Trader Joe's fan.
4	My favorite product from Trader Joe's is frozen mushroom tart appetizers.  I heat them in the toaster oven and serve my mother-in-laws homemade pear relish for dipping.     They are delish, little savory pie bites from heaven.   Sometimes I findT.J.s limiting  in their selections, I treat it more like a special treat when I am near one, more than setting out with my grocery list.
3	I'll have to admit I'm one of those people who don't really get Trader Joe's.  But then, we do most of our (grocery) shopping at Aldi, and we don't really care about what we eat.  Sue us.They do have some interesting product - where else are you going to find dark chocolate-covered edamame? - but then again, how often are you really going to need all of those things?  I mean, sure, I buy those things because I'm trying to find something to give to our son that he won't eat (he says he'll eat anything chocolate, and I'm determined to find something he won't).I'd have to agree that the cheese selection isn't that great, and since we already don't visit Harris Teeter, and find only a rare occasion to go to somewhere like Dean and Deluca, it's a nice diversion, but really?I guess it just comes down to what you eat, and we don't really eat that much that requires a trip to TJ's.  What they do have is cool, but I don't know that it's cool enough to require a visit there.  Sorry.
3	Trader Joe's is a little bit schizophrenic.  Some things about it warrant five stars, some warrant one star.  Hence the three-star review.Five star aspects: great house brand yogurts.  Good price on cage-free eggs.  Great prices on some decent cheeses.  Really good selection of reasonably priced wine (and beer).  In-store samples and wine tasting.One star aspects:  sometimes the prices are low because the quality is as well.  This is most true in their nuts and dried fruit department.  I bought a bag of almonds and found that they were grade x (deformed, broken in the bag, etc.).  Similarly, we bought a container of mission figs and found that they were puny, runty little things.The key here is to identify the things that work for you through trial and error.  You'll keep going back for the good stuff, but next time you'll know not to buy the "Indian fare spinach lentil and garlic soup."  (what Trader Joe's food tester gave that muddy-tasting atrocity the thumbs up?)
4	Wasn't sure if I should go for the TJ Chocolate wedges or the TJ chocolate covered espresso bits. Decisions, decisions...I proceed to ask the guy at the register which he preferred. He said he didn't know, and then asked if I wanted to try them in their tasting room. THEIR TASTING ROOM?! God, I love TJ's.
5	I have lived in a number of states and cities, and this is my first Trader Joe's city. WOO HOO!!!!  When I just need to get out of the house and see friendly people and try new food, this is my outlet of choice. Some kind of funky, warm California vibe going on. People just seem to love working here (I would totally work here).  I try new stuff every week. They have Dogfish Head beer/ale--my favorite! Produce can be pricey. I love the coffee. The spacious decor is restful. I wish this one was closer than the rabid Rea Road location (love em, but it's crazy with people).
4	I looooooooove Trader Joe's!!!!  That's about all I can say.  The food, the wine, the frozen veggie selection, the ready-made soups and wraps for quick lunches....it's all good!  Pretty much the only thing I don't ever buy here is dog/cat food because it's super expensive compared to Food Lion or hell, even Target or Wal-Mart.  But, I like to go here when I need to put a few things together for a quick meal, or if I need some of their yummy cheap wine.  I don't drink the Charles Schwab (sometimes known as "2 buck chuck") because it is pretty terrible, but I have found a few bottles of red that don't break the bank and taste pretty darn good.  A few of my faves include Purple Moon and some Syrah that has a smiley face on the bottle....not sure of the name.  The crappy thing about this location and the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the parking lot.  It is in a garage and to put it mildly, it blows.  It's too small and the time that I usually go (around 4:30 or 5), the place is super packed.Other than that, I'm a big big fan!
5	OMG... I thought 9am opening was a national standard for TJ's... but no, TJ's opens at 8am here!!
5	I love Trader Joe's, so glad Charlotte finally got not only 1, but a few!!!
3	To further illustrate the hit-or-miss nature of shopping at Trader Joes, here are a few examples of recent disappointing products:1.  Bag of clementines that developed a thick white bloom of mold only a day after I bought them.2.  A plastic box of small "heirloom" tomatoes that were, for the most part hard and inedible, and which never ripened properly.3.  The "turbot misoyaki" frozen fish entree.  It was a gelatinous, fishy tasting and smelling heap of a mess.  Totally disgusting.4.  The japanese soba noodles in a box kit.  Not well seasoned.  Just salty and funky.5.  TJ's Mayo.  Stick with Duke's and Helmann's.Someone ought to keep a handy online list of things to avoid at TJ's.  I will always go there for certain things, but I really dislike the nasty surprise of opening up a new product at home and realizing that if anyone had bothered to test or even think about the product, they never would have put it on the shelf.
5	When we first moved to Charlotte I was bummed about a number of things (smoking in restaurants, lackluster mass transit,..) but the biggest thing that frustrated me was NO TRADER JOE'S. I am now a truly happy Charlotte resident with my TJ's. I highly recommend Trader Joe's to anyone who has not gone yet. We give their groceries as gifts to friends who have never gone and to friends in other states who miss TJ's. The roasted tomato soup is the best.soup.ever. The orange chicken in the frozen section is another favorite.Mind you- I do love my trader joe's but I don't shop for everything at TJ's. I still go to Harris Teeter, Costco, my garden and the farmers market for certain items. I'm ok with that. Have I mentioned that I love the Trader Joe's staff?
5	i love trader joe's. i've loved it when i was young, i enjoyed it while i was in college, and i sure appreciate it now that im a grown up. well sort of.try their DRIED PINEAPPLES. they're absolutely delicious. they're not the sugar packed cubes of pineapples. Instead, these are REALLY dried pineapples.ALLLLL of their paper packaged soup's are really good. The squash is divine.i also love their INDIVIDUALLY PACKED RAW ALMONDS. these bags pack about a hand full of nuts. i keep em in my handbag for emergency.must try their EDAMAME HUMMUS is really good. well all of their hummus'  are really good. mMmmMm garlic hummus. yum. and their tandoori's are fresh.they have my favorite MOCHI ICE CREAM!!!! *scream* it's the original japanese company. there are 6 mochi ice cream balls in the box. yum. green tea mochi ice cream.MOST IMPORTANT... buy 2 buck chucks!!! SCORE!!! Charles Shaw. cheap, under 3 bucks now, great wine. Last time I went, I bought 5 boxes (60 bottles) of wine. Every time a friend came over for dinner, they would be shocked by the number of wine bottles at the house. Then I told them it's 2 buck chucks. They enjoyed it over dinner, and on their way out, I send them a bottle. They love it, and I love it.Trader Joe's, I love you from the bottom of my bottomless heart.
4	I live less than a mile from this Trader Joe's and it's where I do most of my grocery shopping. It's small and can sometimes be limiting, but what it lacks in quantity it makes up in quirkiness. It's very affordable and the staff is helpful/friendly. I can usually get out of here in about 1/2 the time it takes at Harris Teeter. Everyone has their go-to items to pick up here, so why break precedent? Here are my faves:- Frozen Mango, Pineapple (Miss the papaya/guava! Bring it back!)- ABC Trail Mix (Almonds, Blueberries, Cranberries)- Light Coconut Milk (great for smoothies or cooking)- Trader Joes Veggie Chips- Green curry sauce and the hot sauces!- Sliced Goat Cheese- Lots of different coffee!- Affordable/delicious beers (Mission St./Firestone Walker beers brewed for Trader Joe's rock!)- Wine selection...I won't stoop to the $2 stuff, but plenty of good juice under $10.- Omega Orange/Carrot Juice- Jasmine Rice- Edamame and 3-layer Hummus- Hot Pico de Gallo- "Just the clusters" cereals and the blueberry cinnamon flax cereal- Super Green Drink (Antioxidant powder to use in smoothies)
3	Trader Joe's makes for a nice excursion if I'm around uptown and want to put some pizazz in otherwise boring grocery list.  I'm a meat-and-potatoes kind of guy who like specialty foods on occasion.  TJ's is OK in that: 1. I couldn't buy my staples here in the first place, 2. gourmet extras here are cheaper than Harris Teeter.I love the randomness of this store-it's like a gourmet Big Lots.  The meat and produce is pricey, but the packaged goods, juices, and beverages merit an occasional visit.  They have mango-flavored juice similar to NakedJuice for $1 less.  The breads are fresh and varied-ciabatta, pitas, several types of tortillas.  I recently bought a big ciabatta loaf for $2!  While the produce costs a few G's, they have every variation of dried, canned, and sweetened fruit imaginable.   Also, the alcohol selection is unique.  The staff are very friendly and there is almost always coffee, wine, or some type of appetizer they are giving away.  I find the crowds a bit obnoxious as I want to wander and ponder in niche stores like TJ's.  Still, Trader Joe's will spice up your palate for less $$$.
5	I really do heart Trader Joe's and I always forget this until I go back again.  No, I can't do all my grocery shopping here but I can get a good amount and even find some great specialty items.I ran here on Sunday after I hit up Target and wanted to get some cheeses and appetizer type stuff for guests.  But of course being in the freezer section I can't walk by w/o getting the chocolate bon bons...seriously these things are so decadent and bad for you and it makes them taste even more delicious!!  The woman at the check-out counter even commented on them haha.They also have this good flat bread pizza, its mushrooms and truffles, some cheese, very good.My only complaint is their grapes, they always look a bit old and yuck to me so I can never get them, and I love me some grapes...oh well HT for that I guess!!
4	Nice food options. Not sure about the cheapo wines though ;)Parking is horrible though. A definate buzz kill.
4	Love the random products this store carries. Some hard to find stuff. For me it doesn't cut it as my "grocery store" but I come here for certain things. Organic Veggie stock from here is great, I use it in a lot of my dishes.  good quality frozen fish fillets. Have gotten halibut and mahi mahi from here and they were both great.Parking can be hell at times, park upstairs when its busy.
4	I actually do my primary shopping at TJs, because I like the fact that they offer a lot of fresh/natural/organic options at reasonable prices, and even several of their packaged options are less processed than your usual grocery offerings.  This means you have to be careful, as some of their products may spoil faster than you'd expect, but it comes with the territory.  Accordingly, I'm here almost weekly.I try to eat a lot of fresh fruits and veggies so that's where I'd start, they've got great little pepper and soup medleys and of course a wide variety of frozen fruits and veggies if you want to cut your workload a bit.  For your staple grains they carry all kinds of bread, rice, pasta, quinoa - white and whole wheat, sprouted, seasoned, flavored, prepared, raw, in all forms.  I suppose their non-frozen meat selection could use the most work as there are limited cuts available but they've got your go to ground beef, pork loins and chicken breasts.What is truly impressive is their wine selection.  It's gotta take up at least two aisles in a fairly small store.  Parking can get nutty as it shares a big old multilevel lot with best buy, TJ maxx (or is it marshall's?) and some other spots.  And generally I wish the place were larger but this is my grocery home.
5	I want to have Trader Joes babies and live happily in a world where I can return things that I don't like no questions asked. I find Trader Joe's to have very low prices with a widespread selection of items in the store. Anytime I go there, I pick up my staples such as TJ's Whole Wheat Pizza Dough (which is only $.99), Orange Mandarin Chicken (pair it up with brown rice or noodles along with veggies and it tastes like Chinese take out), Three Layer Dip Hummus or Kalamata Olive Hummus and Flax Almond Butter just to name a few. But I am sure to always check out their new arrivals stand to see if anything catches my eye (99.9% of the time it does). I love that you can mix and match beers to create your own personalized pack of beer to take home with you and you can't beat their wine selection. They have an array of cheeses with more than just the standard shredded/sliced cheese and a broad selection of frozen desserts. The staff is friendly-- I don't think someone could be unfriendly while sporting a Hawaiian shirt though and they seem like they have fun with their jobs such as the other night when "Single Ladies" started playing and they started dancing. They take interest in the products you buy such as if I get dog bones, they ask what kind of dog I have and are genuinely courteous. Plus as I stated before, if you don't like anything, you can return it no questions asked and get a store refund--who doesn't love that? With all that right there, is why I love TJ's.
5	I can't deny the fresh, organic produce at unbeatable prices. I always make sure to come here without a shopping list and buy whatever strikes me as fresh and tasty. Sometimes this leads to an unbelievable amount of impulse trail mix/raw mix. The store is laid out well and I am always in and out in under 30 minutes. The parking can be tricky, considering a majority of it is in a parking garage attached to Best Buy and Staples. *Bonus* I found some awesome artisan cheese from France that I miss so dearly. Bring your own grocery bags - receive raffle ticket for a free bag of groceries!  Really, I think this is a way for the cashier girls to get phone numbers! HA!Don't forget the beer and wine!
4	Oh TJ's...I love thee. You see, Trader Joe's and I go way back to Chicago, where I would count on the downtown location to stock up on my "healthy" treats and eats. Well, now that I'm firmly planted in Charlotte I still love a trip to Trader Joe's - especially when I can score up some samples from the back bar. Niiiiice!If you're familiar with Trader Joe's, then you pretty much know what to expect. Affordable produce, lots of organic eats and an array of deliciousness sprinkled throughout. I have a hard time getting *all* of my grocery needs here, but it's affordable and fun nonetheless. Because I don't know what you (reader) prefer for groceries, I'll just list out some of my faves:Lacey's Chocolate Macadamia Cookies: I'm pretty much convinced someone has inserted some type of addictive substance into these thin, chocolately and toffee like gems. Affordable wine: I don't really mess with the 2 buck Chuck anymore, but they have a sweet selection of affordable wines. There is a $5 Montepulciano that is pretty delicious. Cheese: Just one example - TJ's crumbled goat cheese is about $5. At other massive grocery store chains it's about $10. This is the same quality and quantity. Save money.Staff: The Trader Joe's staff here are so bubbly, warm and helpful. They will help you find whatever you need and make you smile in the process. Just a note for shoppers - Trader Joe's (well, at least this one in particular) doesn't carry some necessary things like aluminum foil, plastic wrap, garbage bags etc. Also, unless you are the most patient of people, I would NOT recommend hitting up Trader Joe's a) the day before a food focused holiday or b) on a Saturday afternoon. Parking can get pretty hairy and this store isn't that large. Happy shopping & happy eating!
5	Trader Joes is the best!  i go there at least once a week.  The prices on produce and specialized items are absolutely unbeatable.  I always leave with so many things, and a very small bill.
4	I love Trader Joes!! Living downtown has turned me into a 2+ times a week shopper of TJs. I love how cheap and unique everything is. The staff is friendly, like really friendly, like they cant wait to get out of bed and sell groceries . TJ has all of the staples of my life for a great price; hummus, produce, meat, cheese, and WINE. Only have 2 small complaints. One is parking (at the Met location). I have solved this by parking across king street in the big empty lot and taking the crosswalk over to the Met. Second, sometimes it takes a LONG time to check out. I think this has something to do with the uber friendliness of the staff. And please, for Christ Sake, start bagging your things as they are checking you out.
5	I love Trader Joes! This is the ONLY place I will buy my mixed greens (HT u suck!). The prices are unreal and I just feel so happy wandering aimlessly filling up my basket with frozen fish, veggies and Red Diamond wine. I cant wait for the daffodils to appear soon so I can jazz up my tabletop! Always the best quality and service :-DPark upstairs!!  No road rager parkers please!!!
4	Trader Joes - you are worth every curse word I've ever said while parking in that stupid parking garage at The Met. Parking aside, I love you Trader Joes. With your great bagged salad varieties ($1.99-2.99), hummus ($1.99-2.99), and cereal ($1.99-2.99), I can't even begin to narrow down my favorite foods you offer for less than a can of Red Bull. The salad dressings are amazing (Soy Seseme OMG), the pita and breads are so fresh and hearty, the greeting cards for 99 cents are varied and always provide options for everyone, and your ultra affordable selection of spices (mostly $1.99 - saffron for only $5.99!) make you my favorite food store in Charlotte. Good beer and wine selection, I've never bought meat from here but it looks good. Flowers are always fresh, vibrant and affordable too (bouquets from $3.99-$12.99).The staff is always full of personality & helpful, which adds so much to the shopping experience too ~ love that everyone's differences are embraced and encouraged. If only you had a salad bar like Whole Foods, THEN I'd be 5 staring it right and left.
4	Considering I work for a food broker I literally am a "Traitor" Shauna as TJ's is one of the only local grocers we do not sell to. My co-workers actually purchased the I love Trader Joe's cookbook for my birthday last year so I do not keep my adoration a secret! I was inspired by Lauren's review to write a little list of my own personal Trader Joe's favorites- I am looking forward to trying those Tortilla wraps she was talking about.My favorites:Orange Chicken (Frozen Asian) -I buy with the veggie fried rice and it's cheap take-out style meal that feeds 3 people or so. Apple dumplings or lets be honest just about any of the frozen desserts- love these and they save me from pretending I can actually bake. Aloe Juice- Trust me I know what you're thinking but this stuff is so good albeit a bit pricey $3 a bottle - drink COLD. Stilton Cheese- Cranberry or Apricot, both are tasty and spread well on apples, pears, or crackers. Guacamole Kit- You have to actually open it up and make sure everything is of the same ripeness but once you get a good one for $3 you can make a yummy homemade guacamole! TJ's Polenta Provencal- I am from NY and am basically an Italian food snob but this does it for me if I am in a time bind. I probably would never have tried it if it weren't for the sample area in the back but I am glad I did! Herbs- chives, basil, sage you  name it they have it  at a lower cost. Flowers/plants- always look beautiful and priced better than pretty much anywhere else! Fantastic wine selection and the NICEST people to ever step foot in a grocery store - I mean they will go out of their way for you (and they have for me a few times : ) ) Parking is a B  and I sometimes have to go to a few stores to get everything on my list so I have to give it four out of five stars.
4	If you want cheap, organic groceries and loads of novelty food items, Trader Joe's this is the place to go. They show up Harris Teeter, Earth Fare and Healthy Home Market for prices (and quality!) on many items.My main draw to this place is their hummus, marinated tofu and cheap coconut water. I also splurge on chocolate espresso beans from time to time. Before coming to QC, I had the impression Trader Joe's was much more vegan friendly but that isn't the case.Regardless, this place makes me spend a few dollars less on my crazy-expensive-organic/vegan weekly groceries. Mahalo Trader Joe's!
4	Oh Trader Joe's, what would I ever do without you? Finding organic produce on a budget isn't exactly the easiest thing to do, and the options are pretty slim in Charlotte (hello, Whole Foods...where are you?!). Prices are extremely reasonable, and though there's a lack of diversity in product it's to keep the prices as low. Great selection of frozen desserts, baking goods, fresh produce, and ethnic foods. The wine selection is superb - they have a great selection at very low prices (just because a wine is expensive doesn't make it great)! The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is the location - the Metropolitan complex is a nightmare.  People cannot drive in that parking lot and parking as a whole is a nightmare (always crowded, horrifying speed bumps which make you pray that your car isn't going to fall apart). If you can, try parking across the street in the Target garage on the bottom floor and attempt to walk across the street (difficult, because people in Charlotte don't yield for pedestrians).
5	SOME OF THE BEST HUMMUS EVER!Nice products to vary Charlotte's simple taste palate of burgers more burgers and fries.Give them a try. 100 times better and at times cheaper than Walmart or Target.
5	I love this place .... veggies and all my junk food(trail mix ,fruit ,chocolate),plus wine hello it's awesome
4	i dont know what the deal with trader joes is, are they organic or natural or whats going on in there?i'll tell you whats going on in there: its so cheap. no seriously it is. frozen food is the staple of my diet (next to taco bell) because i dont know how to cook/am too lazy to cook  i can go in there, find something really yummy in the frozen section and i can walk out with a bunch of yummy frozen things for like, 25 dollars and eat like a queen for a week. the people who work there don't look like they hate their lives, and they also have flowers that i can buy inexpensively and put in my house so people think i have secret admirers. the parking is kind of weird but if you go to the second floor you can park anywhere you want and just take the elevator down. like i said, not sure what trader joes deal is but its cheap and delicious. go for it.
5	Who doesn't love TJ's? With the addition of TJ's to the QC in the past few years I'm really starting to think that Charlotte has come a long way to being a real city. What I LOVE!! : The FLOWERS!! As soon as you walk in you get to see lots and lots of pretty flowers! Doesn't that just brighten everyone's day! Salad Dressing- They have a bunch of unique types that are super yummy! Also,  I find that the produce is a bit cheaper then Harris Teeter's produce. Chips- If you haven't tried the Hawaiian BBQ chips you are totally missing out! Wine- I think that the wine selection speaks for itself- Totally AWESOME! Coffee- So many flavorful options! Lots of healthy and organic choices for all the veggie lovers.  STAFF- What I love about their team is that they usually offer suggestions or comments on how awesome certain products are.  Super friendly! Sad note..... Trader Joes sauce was discontinued... this was the perfect marinade for our steaks. I absolutely LOVED this stuff.
4	I love Trader Joe's!  I took away one star for this particular location because of a) parking, and b) it's a bit smaller than most TJ's and can get uncomfortably packed on the weekends.That being said, Trader Joe's has great prices on their produce and wine.  Two things I can't live without ;)  The staff is so incredibly friendly.  The cashiers will talk and joke with you.  The cashier I had today actually sang a few lyrics to a song that was playing in the store.  The flowers are so reasonably priced and gorgeous.  They also last MUCH longer than the ones I buy at Harris Teeter.  Near the flowers, you can find a refrigerated section with sushi, salads and wraps.  Yum!  I bought the tuna wrap today and while the tuna itself was tasty, the wrap was totally soggy.  Since they are pre-made I would not recommend the tuna wrap due to this issue.  Warning: it is really easy to run someone down or want to run someone down in this parking garage.  Go on a weekday to resist the urge!
4	Ahh Trader Joes, thanks for showing me that I can get a bag of groceries for only 20 bucks. This was my first visit to a Trader Joes and I am a fan of the good prices and quality of food. The location was conveniently located in a parking deck, although parking was hard to find as I went right before dinner time. It is a smaller location and pretty easy to maneuver your way around, which can be helpful if you are running low on time.I was super excited when I made my way to the back and ended up with some free coffee and chocolate samples. There was a great selection of produce and other products that I cannot find in general grocery stores. I'll definitely be back.
5	I absolutely love trader joes! The food is amazing, the people are extremely nice...their wine is amazing and affordable, the vanilla ice cream is the best, their joe joes are awesome...i could go on and on...However, they could improve the meat and produce sections.
4	First off, my ADD loves this place! I've only been to this one, one time but I will say that I enjoyed it for it's eclectic collection of grocery items not likely to be found anywhere else.  Also, the people here are very very nice.  I'm still trying to figure out what the bell is for?  Anywho, the only downside for me is that if you are looking to do a real "stock up" style grocery buying experience this place isn't going to get it done.  Limited items, although specialty, aren't enough to really fill your cupboards (I can't believe I just had the chance to use the word cupboard...been a while).  I will say that the items they do have in terms of seafood specifically seemed to be very fresh and as I understand it they are direct from the port to store, so no middle man.  Which brings me to my next point about this place I like.....low prices!  Everything seems to be in the range of 15-20% cheaper than conventional stores on comparable items.I'll definitely come back for the occasional ingredient for a meal here and there but for this being my go to Harris Teeter style store, not likely going to happen.
5	TJs is amazing. The staff are always so friendly and helpful, and the groceries are cheap and delicious. The parking is awful here, but whatever - it's worth it.The best of the best:Spicy Thai Dressing (omg amazing)Horseradish hummusPizza dough and pizza sauce (in the refrigerated section)POWERBERRIES yumFlax oatmealNonfat vanilla Greek yogurtThe hummus that has three layers (cilantro is delish)Whole wheat pastaArabbiatta sauce - !!Flax chips nom nomMarsala veggie burgersFrozen Mexican food (burritos, taquitos, etc. YUM)Wine, duhChocolate. All the chocolate.Oh oh oh I love TJs!
4	This is my go to store to shop for grocery's in Charlotte (I live really close to here so it is my local store too).  They have a great selection of food to eat healthy and delicious.  This place would have gotten 5 stars but it is a little on the small side - but heck, it uptown.See you soon Joe!
5	I am shocked this hasn't gotten more 5 Star ratings.  Have you ever had a conversation with a TJ's employee.. They are pure rainbows and sunshine.. That's right - Rainbows and Sunshine.. Seriously, they are awesome with kicka** suggestions.  TJ garlic olilve oil, Paulaner Hefe-weizen, and chicken gorganzola are just a few of the gems they have put us onto.  Man!!  What a great place to grocery shop.  Only reason I would drop this down a star is because of the parking situation.  That garage has some crazy hooligans whippin it around corners and giving you the stink eye.. LOL.   Enjoy!!-Ian M.
5	Trader Joe's gives me sensory overload!I always get so excited to come shop here, not only for the prices, but for the selection.Bright, colorful & engaging store setup.Employees are fantastic, fun & friendly.
4	I've been meaning to do this review for a good while, but I tend to be a bit of a procrastinator.  I used to hear about Trader Joe's from my friend Jen, who raved constantly about the TJ's cool factor and the awesomeness of "2 buck Chuck."  I avoid the suburbs like the plague, so there was never any reason to drive to south Charlotte to get cheap wine.  But Midtown, on the other hand....I have two gripes about Trader Joe's.  One might be their issue; the other isn't.  First, the produce is hit-or-miss.  I wish that they'd only sell produce that is in season; a business model that many hip restaurants and shops are adopting.  Second, I hate the Skeletoes wearing, yoga-pants-wearing, middle-aged bleach blondes that block the aisles while they chat about their new f'ing Benz.  Didn't you guys already discuss that shit during your class at Pure Barre?  Give it a rest, will you?  I digress...I love Trader Joe's products and pricing.  Sure, the cheese selection may not be tops, but if I'm dying for some rare cheese I will find a shop that specializes in rare cheese.  If I need light bulbs and foil and a ratchet set, I'll go across the street to Target.  But if I want to buy top-notch product at a good price from happy employees, I will continue to shop at my local Trader Joe's.  P.S.  The fresh bread selection isn't as good as TJ's in Brooklyn.  Perhaps a lack of creative bakeries in the Charlotte area?
5	I love the TJ's at the Metropolitan. It's my fave place to grab produce and other groceries that don't have a ton of additives and preservatives. This particular location is very convenient, always clean and well stocked, and the employees are very helpful and friendly. They stock seasonal products with items available year-round, and the prices are phenomenal for Myers Park. This location has a great selection of wine and eclectic beers, a wonderful cheese section, great variety in produce and bagged nuts/dried fruits, and a wonderful baked goods section. They also have a grab-and-go section for meals and a wide variety of frozen fish (try the Mahi Mahi in some fish tacos - delish). As others have mentioned, the parking at this location can be beyond crazy. That deck is insane. But if you can hit it up in the early morning during the week, you'll get a front row spot and a mostly empty TJ's. Check it out!
3	I don't know about this place. I definitely appreciate having a TJ Uptown because that's where I live and it's so convenient with the Target, Marshalls and Best Buy right there. But this TJ is just too limiting. There is very little ethnic produce/products to chose from, pre-cut fruit is not ripe, and the meat is too limited and expensive. I always have to make a second trip to Independence Blvd to get the rest of my grocery needs met. I'll stop by here to grab some coffee and wine, but that's about it.
3	I love Trader Joe's, can I say that?  Best prices/best quality for nuts (almonds, pecans, walnuts, etc.) and nut products (almond butter, etc.) that I have found anywhere.  Awesome produce, awesome stuff that you can't find anywhere else.  Also, Joe Joe's, FTW!I would give this particular one 5 stars except for 2 things:1. Just try and find a parking spot around noon on any weekday.  I dare you.2. It's so smaaaaaalllll :(Otherwise, awesome.
4	I'm a Trader Joe's Fan regardless of where it is.  I love all their selection as well as the helpful workers that are always there for questions and general tips.  This Trader Joe's, however, isn't my favorite one to frequent regardless of how close it is to my house.  In a pinch during weekdays, I'll come to this location, but during weekends, I avoid this whole plaza like the plague.  So many people with unsure driving moves in a small parking garage fighting for places to park.  It's too much to handle when I want a relaxing weekend.
4	Usually the Trader Joe's gets a big (insert expletive here) five stars - I love their products! - but this location is way too busy for my taste.  First of all, I barely managed to survive the death-trap that is the parking deck. Between sharing the space between the other Met businesses like BestBuy and other yummy restaurants, the parking deck is jammed packed.  The spaces are so tight that if one person just parks a smidge off... just makes for a bad trip to Trader Joes if you are looking for a quick stop.Once you finally park you car in a reasonable space, you are prone to all the traffic looking for spaces and trying to get out of there... not very good odds if you are trying to get into the door.  I just picture the chalk outline on the parking deck floor and the headlines:  "man dies in attempt to shop for groceries"... but I digress.Other than the parking deck, this TJ's is great as far as selection.  The layout is a bit odd probably due to the building space itself, but you end up standing in line 4-5 people deep.  They are quick and friendly so I didn't mind waiting in line so much as dreading the gauntlet of a parking deck with groceries in hand.I'll probably still frequent the TJs in a pinch, but keep an eye out in the parking deck... I may be yelling at you if you are doing something not-so-nice.
4	This is a wonderful Trader Joe's that bustles with shoppers at all times of day.  The location is ideal for those of us living in the central part of the city.  It's also located close to the new greenway (bike trail) that will make it easier to reach via bicycle.  My only knock on it is that you can only enter through the parking garage, which reinforces the car dependent lifestyle that developments like this are outwardly meant to reject.
5	My all time favorite grocery store. They have so many wonderful items that are cheaper than major brands and the quality is on par with those major brands. The store is just the right size so you can get in and out quickly. I wish they had a better produce section but it doesnt bother me that much. I just hate the parking deck :(
4	I love Trader Joe's, and I guess everyone else does also, because whenever I go here it is packed from the parking lot to the frozen food aisle.  It can be a hassle to shop here but well worth it for me to get some of my favorite items I can't get anywhere else.  I love the frozen marinated ahi tuna steaks, the wasabi mixed nuts, tzatziki sauce and the wines.  I am always trying new things out to find my next favorite Trader Joe product. Great Company!
4	What's not to love about Trader Joe's, as long as you don't mind blowing a huge portion of your food budget on higher end organic and store brand items. Don't get me wrong - it's all very high quality stuff that looks great and tastes better.I did manage to pick up a few very interesting tasty items (TJ's Bohemian Lager, some horseradish infused hummus and a chocolate covered Panettone cake), but I couldn't possibly afford to do a weekly shop here!The shelves are nicely laid out and stocked and the stuff looks very appealing. This is not the sort of store where you want to walk in hungry!Parking is in the parking deck.
4	I love love love Trader Joe'sOur typical trip:  TONS of produce at great prices, a frozen meal (orange chicken is fantastic) frozen fish, wine and one ow two random items that usually end up being wonderful.  We go pretty much weekly and pretty much everything within the store's control is fantastic.  Love their products, prices are competitive or better for the quality and the employees are very nice and helpful.  I will echo the two common complaints:  (1) crowded, they are the victims of their own success in that this store is not that big and is almost always jammed with customers; and (2) the parking deck is a disaster and by far the most aggravating part of the experience.  We try to go at odd hours to avoid it but that is getting harder and harder  as TJ's continues to get more popular.
4	Clean and bright. This store boasts of youth and fun which is a very hard vibe for a grocery store to come by. I usually feel bleh shopping for weekly things in a fluorescent-lit store but Trader Joe's is amazing. It's not huge, and the layout is a bit awkward, but the selection of food, flowers, and wine is fantastic and I feel happy shopping here. The staff is nice and personable and this place makes healthy shopping easy - finally! It's a bit pricey, but that's expected and I'm willing to pay for the convenience of having nutritious food I actually recognize placed so readily in front of me.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I'm somewhat of a health nut and most of the foods in here are organic and fresh =D Everything is actually affordable, not like other health food stores. I went in for the first time today and wanted to buy EVERYTHING!You HAVE to try the Chile Spiced Mango and the Flattened Bananas (both are dried fruits). I also got Wasabi Roasted Seaweed Snacks and Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream! SO YUMMY!!! They also had the Sprouted Grain Bread that I've been meaning to try. Sprouted Grain bread is a lot healthier than regular bread because no flour is used to make it! There's a health food store near my workplace that has it, but it's $6 and FROZEN =/ I didn't want to pay $6 for frozen bread, but it was only $4 here and FRESH! =DI pass by the Metropolitan area on the way home from work so grocery shopping will be so convenient now!
5	I'm still in awe that this place is so big. After years of the full contact sport shopping at the tiny TJs in Manhattan, I find this place to be so luxurious. I typically will shop here in the morning, right after they open, during the week, so I can't speak to the parking problem others speak of but could see that being an issue and it's part of the reason I shop at the time I do! I am devoted to many TJs products, which include: organic pasta sauces & pastas, the frozen mac-n-cheese (both full fat and reduced guilt), individual tiny ice cream cones and too many others to list. Really, the only thing I don't buy here is bread, simply because we don't eat it quick enough and since there are no preservatives in it, it goes bad too quickly so it feels like I'm wasting my money. However, I am always willing to try anything here simply because if you aren't happy, you can return it. Yep, that's right, open something, don't like it, just take it back and get a refund! The wine selection is great and even though I feel like a bit of a lush buying wine at 8:00 am, I need to make this a regular stop just to keep my wine fridge full! Even after filling my cart to the point where I am carrying two bottles of wine separately, I am never afraid of how hard it's going to hit my wallet because the prices are so reasonable!
4	If you like eating good food thats good for you, then Trader Joes is the place for you.They pride themselves on selling items with no chemicals, artificial flavors, preservatives, high fructose corn syrup or partially hydrogenated oils. The meats are hormone and antibiotic free. Plus they have a very large organic selection as well.Plus the employees at this location are very friendly and helpful.Every time my wife and I go there are several must haves:Joe Joes-Their brand of Oreos. The white cream center has vanilla bean specks and puts Oreos to shame, we love 'em! Also potstickers, little Chinese dumplins filled with chicken or pork and shredded cabbage and veggies. Spicy black bean dip, Midnight Moo chocolate syrup any of their snack crackers,cereal and the less guilt low fat kettle cooked potato chips. They usually have very good prices on large bottles of extra virgin olive oil too.Yes healthy eating is a little more expensive, but if it keeps you out of of the doctors office in the long run, then its worth it. And hey, who would'nt want to eat good food and  weight a few less pounds too!!Be advised this location is very crowded on weekends as is the parking deck, and if you have a large truck or SUV as I do, the parking deck can be a pain to get around in, other than that, the food at this place is sooo worth the trip.
5	Probably closer to 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up for an even 5. I cannot think of much to complain about, besides the parking, and that's not their fault. I have become a full TJ's convert, upgraded from merely stopping in from time to time for veggies. Their produce is by far cheaper than another popular chain of stores in the city. I don't have patience for cooking, so I mostly load up on their ready-made meals- salads, ravioli, frozen pizzas, and Mandarin chicken. I have to steer clear of the snack aisle because if I had it my way, I would live on their veggie chips. I love the free samples, especially the coffee. I love how the stock changes around, so every time I go I feel like there's some new thing to try. I love the quality of their products and they are comparable to or better than national brands. I usually only go somewhere else for Nutella and coffee creamer, but even those two needs were filled on my last trip. If you don't like healthy food or saving money, you will not like TJ's.Back to that parking though- sometimes it's tricky, but the garage is multi-leveled and there is an elevator. Just don't go in the summer when they have that concert series on Thursday nights.
5	Nothing to complain about but the parking and that's not trader joes problem! Organic and fresh isn't hard to find at all here. Top quality and I love it. I come here all the time and so should you!
4	Ah my inaugural visit to Trader Joe's was one filled with confused wandering about, amazement at the low prices, and cheese and crackers.My friend and I were on our way to an early Easter dinner at a friend's place before they went out of town for the weekend and they had asked us to bring appetizers. What's a quick and handy solution for this? Stop by Trader Joe's for some Chevre and crackers! I gotta say I was really not used to the layout of the store here maybe because they had to cram so many things into a rather small space. Cheese has a nice little section and then crackers are found on top of the meat freezer. Talk about disorienting. The prices here are winning though. Super cheap and good quality. I don't mind the parking lot at all, mostly because I don't mind parking a bit farther and walking the extra couple minutes to and from the store. This place is just right for me, I might have to fit this little place in to my usual rotation of the Earth Fare and Taj Ma Teeter near my house when I am out for groceries even if it is a little farther of a drive.
4	Trader Joe's is such a magical place.  Filled with the happiest staff possibly ever and such a wonderful selection of great foods, what's not to love about this place?  Oh wait...now I remember...the horrible parking situation!!Trader Joe's offers such a great selection of items for very reasonable prices (sometimes cheaper than the regular grocery).  In particular, they have some lovely produce, great dips and quick foods, cheap dairy products, and some of the best cheese, wine, and beer.  I also really love a lot of their frozen products; they have some awesome frozen pizza and frozen veggie mixes.  A lot of their products are sold without a lot of preservatives, which I love.The staff here is always so friendly, helpful, and happy.  It leads me to believe that this is the most magical place on ever and that this is the best place to work.  They really have offered a lot of great recommendations.The parking situation, however, is a total nightmare.  Because of all the restaurants and stores here, this place starts to get very busy around 10:30.  The spaces are small and tight, and it becomes difficult to find a place to park.  People have no idea how to drive safely through these tight garages, and I've almost been hit on several occasions.  However, if you're an early shopper, you can avoid about 90% of the crazy traffic here.  Any more, I try to avoid this place later in the day, particularly around lunch or busy dinner hours.Still, even the parking situation can't take away from my sheer love of TJs!
4	I will admit that I, at first, was intimidated by Trader Joe's because I don't eat hardly any organic or healthy foods (oops) but after going a couple times I started to try more and more items. Best product IMO? Gourmet chicken salad. I am obsessed. If you are a fan of chicken salad made with grapes, nuts, celery, etc., you will love this on some awesome sourdough!I personally enjoy tasting the freebies in the back of the store so I can find new, delicious grocery eats. You also can't beat the 3 Buck Chuck (Trader Joe's house wine). The staff could not be any nicer and if you have any questions about their culture or products, they're your people. The produce is usually inexpensive so I sometimes go out of my way to buy my fruit and salad here. The parking, because it is in the Metropolitan building, is often terrible at this Trader Joe's. Your best bet would be to park upstairs and take the elevator down. Outside of that, you can't go wrong if you're looking for a different grocery store with unique items to stock your fridge and pantry (Chicken Salad). ;)
4	I would give this Trader Joe's location 5 stars if it wasn't for the parking deck. I know, it's not the store's fault, but still that garage makes me want to punch a kitten. (disclaimer: I would not actually punch a feline... well, unless he started it)So rule number one: bypass the ground floor. Your best bet is to drive up to at least the second floor and park near the elevator. Rule number two: do not go to Trader Joe's hungry. This of course is true for all grocery shopping adventures... but even more so here.Rule number three: if you're new to Trader Joe's or organic shopping in general, don't be afraid to ask questions. TJ's has the friendliest staff. I dunno if they pump that place full of oxygen or if they're brainwashed by some sort of health cult, but they are quite possibly the happiest people on the planet. From the sales floor to the checkout... they are beyond nice and you can't help but leave that place with a smile.Prices are affordable. It's a great place to get fresh produce. TJ's also has a large frozen food section. I love to stock my freezer here. They have it all: veggies, pizzas, Asian, Mexican, seafood, breakfast, ice cream, apps, quick, easy meals for one and unique items you can't find anywhere else.Trader Joe's is famous for its Charles Shaw wine, aka Two Buck Chuck, but it also a large selection of reasonably priced wine.I have a laundry list of staples that I get here... but a few of my must haves: pizza dough (refrigerated section), Gorgonzola crackers, french onion soup (freezer section), baked onion rings (TJ's version of Funyuns), gyoza, hummus and fresh flowers. They last longer than those at Teeter.This location can get crazy busy, so plan your trip accordingly. I try to avoid this location on weekend afternoons and week day lunch/dinner hours.
4	I frequent this place for groceries and other goodies weekly since I work down the street. I love their quality foods and goods at low prices. Parking is a B*TCH. I highly recommend going 1-2 hours before the daily lunch rush or go late in the afternoon after dinner or you won't find decent parking and the store is like Black Friday. Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
4	This Trader Joe's is wonderfully placed in the Metropolitan shopping center right outside of Elizabeth and Myers Park. Love the location. I love that this locating always has tons of fresh herbs outside. You can always find some good basil or small mint plants outside. I've bout a few of these before and they plant really well. Although, good luck finding ideal soil if you live around Uptown. This location seems a bit larger than some of the others around Charlotte. They have all of the regular sections but they definitely have the largest selection of flowers on the left upon entering. You can't miss them. I've bought flowers from here multiple times and they always have beautiful calla lilies and sunflowers. The worst part about this location is the parking. Everyone knows it. It's always busy. Everyone is a terrible driver. Get ready to park on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th floor or not at all. You'll be driving around for quite some time before you're satisfied and happy with your first floor parking space.
4	Hecka yeah, TJs.  What's to say?  Go do your shopping here, chummer.  It's Cheap N Quality, which is almost as desirable as Fast N Bulbous.  The cashiers at the Metropol location seem friendlier and more attractive than at other TJs.    Perhaps they can afford higher-quality stimulants, dunno.Surprisingly solid cheese selection here. Parking can be the Suck on busy days, so drive your smaller vehicle, ya?  See you in the checkout line.
4	Great Wine Selection among everyday low prices.
4	I get most of my grocery stuff here.  Here is a copy of my list:Wine, butter, frozen veggies, coffee, rice, beans, fish, spices, almond milk, (well you get the idea). All the mentioned choices are organic, sustainable or fair trade.  I don't get everything here, they are missing a few things that I need.  But the staff is great, the place is clean and I like the music they play while I shop.
4	There was a time in my youth when i thought people were ridiculous for shopping at Trader Joe's and now it is part of our necessary grocery shopping schedule. Silly younger me. The only reason this location doesn't get 5 stars is that parking is usually a pain and if you go at the wrong time it's packed. My one food item shout out: If you don't eat their Trader Joe's soy chorizo, you are missing out. We were eating this before we started eating vegan and it has remained a staple. My one non-food item shout out: You should probably get a Trader Joe's blue cooler bag. i can't speak to it's keeping cold ability, but just as a reusable shopping bag, it is great. It can carry heavy loads and it's pretty easy to carry. The staff here is great and plentiful so they always seem to open enough registers so checking out has never been too painful even when busy.
4	Trader Joes is a fresh, cheap take on over-priced local grocery stores. The produce is not only cheaper, but larger and riper than the other grocery stores. Their brand name almond milk and peanut butter is one of the main reasons I keep coming back. The only downside to this hip-style of grocery shopping is both the parking and the narrowness of the aisles. Crammed is the best word to describe a Sunday afternoon trip to T.J. Both the parking and the traveling from aisle to aisle is an absolute hot mess. Obviously the location and parking cannot improve, but my advice is for them to open a new store near Southend...closer to a wider space...where I can walk to.
5	Love this place.  I wish there was one in my area in Fort Lauderdale FL.  The Pricing and quality is fantastic :)
5	I was looking for a new place to shop after finding out about Walmart's appalling pay policy.  A few of my friends had shopped here, so I thought, what the heck.  After one visit, I think I'm hooked.  The layout is pretty easy to handle for someone who hasn't been there before, and by my uneducated guess I saved four bucks from my typical Walmart grocery bill if produce isn't factored in.  Definitely worth the drive.
4	See my other reviews on this chain. Great selection. The reality is you won't find sales. However, you're really not spending that much more than if you went to another quality grocery like Harris Teeter, except this place is even better. PS the parking garage at this one is extremely tight. Proceed with caution.
3	After hearing how many love Trader Joe's, I made a visit there this evening.  Although the parking was a little difficult, the shopping experience was good.  They have a lot of fresh and packaged foods to meet all different shoppers needs.  Having never been before, I was a little overwhelmed so definitely overbought, however, will say the prices were worth it.  I would say they have a lot to offer, but there are a few normal necessities that would not make this my daily shopping place. I look forward to trying the items I did purchase.
3	I've travelled the nation and I don't get the hype. Trader Joes wouldn't survive a New York minute with a Wegmans nearby. You can malign Whole Foods, but at least they sell a significant variety of foods and they don't add their name to EVERYTHING!I went yesterday:Produce isle: No basil or thyme. Dill pickles refrigerated to avoid preservatives:  NONEPepperonconi:  NoneMultigrain fresh bread: NoneI don't think these are boutique items. BTW if your going here thinking that your avoiding a big chain, think again. There are Trader Joes all over the nation. It get's 3 as the staff were friendly
4	I'd never been to a TJ's before, nor had I heard of it, but everyone I knew who had something to say and wouldn't shush about it, and it hadn't even been built yet. So after receiving one of their flyers, I saw the prices and thought I'd give this place a looky-loo. Needless to say,  after one time, I was hooked. Compared side by side with my receipts from other local grocery stores and after seeing that I spent nearly half on things such as produce, dairy products, breads, pantry items, the list  goes on and on, it was a no-brainer. My schedule allows me to stop by during off hours when there's room to move and breathe. For one, if you use public transportation, cycle, great, you're in and out Or if you have the patience for crowded parking decks, or great timing, I'd suggest going when you have time to spend looking for a parking spot. I also wouldn't suggest any of the pre-made frozen meals. I've never been a fan of frozen meals, but if you don't have the time and you don't mind, I see they're very popular and affordable.
4	Trader Joe's is our family go-to for a number of items as we tend to stock up on the same things each visit.  While normally going to the one in the University area, this location is good for me on days I drive in to work and want to pick up a few things after a day of work in Uptown Cubeville.I generally don't have an issue parking during the times I wind up there but, I do see how that garage could be a pain in the butt at peak times.  Aside from that, all our TJ faves are there, Orange Chicken, frozen oatmeal, frozen french onion soup, chicken parm, lasagna....  We don't buy much produce from TJs but, it looks as fresh here as it does at our usual destination.
4	I love trader joes! Where else can you get fish, international, organic produce that doesn't break your wallet? However I feel like I've been to other trader joes that have a wider selections of offerings. I think I prefer the rea road location to this one, however I usually come here because it is closer to my house. I find this location o be lacking in salad choices and pasta selections. I also think parking is a bit if a hassle with this one since it's cramped together with Marshall and best buy. I find the staff here to be very friendly, a nice and clean store. The prices are average, maybe a bit higher than average but it is definitely do-able, not whole foods price by any mean.
5	I LOVE TRADER JOE'S! I make lentil soup at least once a month and they have the best red split lentils! I love the whole store. Its clean, the staff is friendly, they have the best organic EVERYTHING! I am a baker and they are the only store that I have found in Charlotte, so far that sells bourbon vanilla extract, just to name one of the many eclectic items that they carry. Also, since I let Dr. Oz talk me out of a lot of unhealthy habits, I have found CHIA SEEDS! They are only $4.99 and they seriously do increase your appetite. That is...when I use them properly of course! Oh one more thing! I absolutely LOVE their organic tortilla chips! Yum! Check them out! You will be hooked!
4	When it's off season for the farmers markets, this is my go-to store. They just recently changed the layout of this Trader Joe's so more shopping madness can maneuver through the store. It's still too small at some times of day, though. I always go at 8 a.m. on Saturday or Sunday, because that is about the only time that you are guaranteed a ground-floor parking space in the packed Metropolitan parking deck. Will the new Harris Teeter on the corner of Plaza and Central cause me to change my TJs-shopping ways? Doubtful. I can get everything I need right here. Except clam juice.
5	I love TJ!!! Excellent selection of organic and international foods at terrific prices. Workers are very friendly and helpful. You'll be addicted after the first visit. Trust. Me.
4	I love that TJ's offers better options at prices comparable - and sometimes lower - than the bigger stores.  Their salsa is awesome too :)
4	In love with Joe's!!!!! I appreciate their diverse selection of  groceries and BOOZE!!! $2 buck Chuck pls n thank you! The Hoffbrau bock is sooooooo.....full of booze(& flavor but who cares Zhou that when they're drinking a 7% alc vol beer??? Chug and move on!) and at 6.99 per 6pk u can't beat it! Oh, good fruit and veggies too, and plants! A girl's gotta have a SHRUBBERY to pass those damn knights of NI!My one issue is parking. The parking deck is the worst and a lady doesn't want to walk to her car alone on the 3rd floor of an almost empty deck! And neither do I!(I'm no lady.) It's scary. I wish there were a few spots in there for 10-15min only or smtg. Or at least those expectant mother signs lol...u know y!! I'd give 5 stars if we didn't have to share parking w the douches@that awful "Best" Buy....and if they sold water chestnuts--seriously, what's that about?The end
4	I know, I know. This TJ's alone already has about 100 reviews. What it doesn't seem to have is a balanced guide to navigating the pros and cons. And without the benefit of trial and error, one could either leave the store a new fan or cursing Joe and hoping he contracts dysentery on his next trading expedition.LEGITIMATE COMPLAINTS - ***The product masquerading as a baguette at TJ's is most certainly NOT A BAGUETTE. Ce n'est pas une baguette! Rather, it is a giant version of the kind of bread sticks you get out of a tin. I'd have expected better here.***They sell hummus made out of just about everything but not a single tub of baba ganoush to be found anywhere. Please, TJ's, don't make me have to make my own. I'm begging you! You can call it eggplant hummus if you must.UNTRUE OR EXAGGERATED COMPLAINTS - ***Many people complain about the lack of parking. These people should be reminded that the roof over their heads is, in fact the next level of a parking deck. Drive up a level or two and save yourself a rage-stroke. Problem solved!***Some claim TJ's is expensive. This is simply NOT TRUE. What is pricy at TJ's - namely, convenience food - is pricy everywhere. The difference is TJ's ready-meals are actually appealing. Places rhyming with Tarris-Heeter have breaded-to-death chicken strips, limp sushi and sad burritos whose tortillas serve only to hide the filling's shame. TJ's has chicken a l'orange and gnocchi al gorgonzola. With a little self control you can avoid these and save tons of money.WELL-EARNED PRAISE - ***The produce is far, FAR cheaper than most stores. For example, TJ's sells a red/green/yellow 3 pack of peppers for about what H-T charges for just a red one. Similar savings are to be found on sauces, condiments, frozen seafood, canned goods, flowers...nearly everything, really.***For a small store, they have a great selection of wines at prices considerably cheaper than most other places. Just one warning, the Charles Shaw wines (AKA 2 Buck Chuck, AKA 3 Buck Chuck) are suitable only for wine-based cocktails and for cooking. While not half as bad as its price suggests, drunk on its own, you'll be acutely aware you're drinking cheap plonk. A mere $2 or $3 more will afford you much better.***But the highest praise must be for all the exotic, hard to find stuff. I like to think of myself as worldly and cosmopolitan but even I occasionally find things at TJ's I've never heard of. And so far, they've all been pretty good versions of what you'd find in their country of origin. The fact that even these are priced well should be reason enough to shop here.
4	I have enjoyed Trader Joe's for about ten years now. I am excited that there is a TJ in about every part of Charlotte. Here you can get some really good tasting healthy groceries and pre-made food (great for dinner in a pinch). I have recently purchased some really good wine as well for pretty cheap. This is another store I will only frequent during the week or early morning on weekends. It is just too croweded on the weekends. This makes it hard if you are a new shopper or want to see everything they have to offer. My recommendation is is you have never been, go during the week (not during the rush hour) or when they first open on the weekend. This way you will have the opportunity to look at products with out being in the way, or getting pushed put of the way, or most of all someone being in your way.
5	Yes yes yes love it the only thing is the is only a few of these store locations ... Come on Trader close one of these Food Lions and bring in a real grocery before Publix beats you to the punch.. On second thought I think they have Food Lion its over... Love Trader....
5	Yes, yelp. This is "as good as it gets." Everything about TJ is awesome!
4	Come early to avoid the crowd
4	Trader Joe's is my favorite place to shop for groceries. They have organic items, GMO free items, super cheap cheese, nuts, and the best little treats known to mankind. I find myself here often, braving the atrocious parking deck, to pick up all the things I need for a great week of eating.Service is also over-the-top friendly and helpful. I don't know what they are feeding employees, but they are all wonderful and genuinely seem to be enjoying themselves. I do love this location.
5	This place is my favorite place to shop. The store is always clean. The employees are very friendly. It always has good samples out and coffee. You can grind the whole bean in the store as well.
5	"Maple Pecan Granola Cereal"Love It. I can eat it all day long.But I have to leave it alone, too much sugar! Getting old and I was forced to start a new diet :-(Great store for organic here in Charlotte.
4	Trader Joes PLEASE come to Greensboro NC!!!  Came to Charlotte to see a band play at the Evening Muse and had to stop and do some grocery shopping  before we traveled  the 80 miles or so back to Greensboro.  Got some great produce, bread and some AWESOME cheeses!!!!!  While I wouldn't be able to do ALL my shopping here I sure would love the chance to supplement my weekly grocery shopping experience with trader joes repackaged deals, sure wish it was a possibility in Greensboro!!!
5	I just moved to Charlotte from a small town in Southern Virginia where my Trader Joe's experiences were minimal (only on vacations) but always enjoyable. I quickly learned that I live within walking distance to this Trader Joe's location and what a great thing because parking here can be a bit frustrating. There are many fabulous things about this Trader Joe's location (other locations too) but I will try to sum it up with three points..Quality. Trader Joe's recognizes the need for unique and healthy grocery choices.  Special diet? No problem. You will find great items here that you cannot find in other grocery chains. Prices. The prices are fabulous. Especially when you consider what you are getting. I doubt I will visit many other grocery chains after experiencing the prices at Trader Joe's. I don't need to go anywhere else. People. The people that work here are genuinely pleasant, laid back, happy people. And they care. The person checking my items out went out of her way to begin a conversation with me and share a smile-this means so much. I love this place. I cannot wait to go back.
4	Out of all the Trader Joe's this is by far my favorite. Here are my reasons.1) There is wine tasting at this store, how cool is that. 2) The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Asked question on product being sampled, the woman gave tips on how to use the item. 3) Entrance area always filled with items like flowers or herbs which brightens my shopping experience.4) Large facility and like the selection of organic vegetables/fruits available.The area outside is like a shopping mall. Parking can take sometime to find a spot on the weekends.
5	Trader Joe's is by far my favorite grocery store! I even put up with the chaotic parking garage at this location to shop at TJ's. This is my first stop to get most of the essentials for my vegan meals. Fresh produce, pizza dough, edamame hummus and the best almond milk I've had are all on the list. The employees are the friendliest you'll find. Make sure to say hi to the really tall guy wearing the sombrero. TJ's policy is if you want to try something they'll open it at the sample counter and let you try it. I haven't made use of this yet, but that's pretty cool in my book. And if you're doing your shopping after work and you need an energy boost, make your way through the crowd of women in athletic gear to the back of the store and grab a coffee sample, with soy creamer of course!
3	I always hear all these great things about trader joes so I figured I would give it a try. Walking in I was disappointed. It was so small, and so many people in there while the employees were trying to fill the shelves. I was expecting a larger store with more unique foods. Just because something has the word organic on it doesn't make it unique. I moved here from Syracuse, NY where they have Wegmans. I was expecting something a lot like Wegmans but got let down. I will still go to trader joes once in a while, I did like the frozen herbs they have and I'm excited to try my peanut butter I got. I was just expecting more with all the buzz this store gets.
4	It's a great spot - hate the parking lot there, but they get you out quick and it's just as good as any other TJ's i've been to.
4	Love Trader Joe's in general, but this location loses a star for parking, and for not having items in stock that are normally found at TJ.
4	Great selection of eclectic food and drink at reasonable prices. Staff gets an A, parking gets an F -- that parking deck is atrocious and overfull at all times of the day and night.
5	Well I don't have to worry about parking much because my mom has a handicap sticker , so we always park right up front.But I love Trader Joe's! They have a variety of organic selections and the employees there have excellent customer service. My experience at Trader Joe's is always "Excellent".
5	I never have a bad experience at TJ's unless I end up breaking two bottles of wine... But don't you worry this location saved the day! I made my normal stop after work and grabbed a few things. As I was leaving the store and gathering my bags out of my shopping cart, my paper bag handle broke. My bag fell and broken glass and a sea of red wine followed. In a matter of minutes a team member came out gathered my groceries that were in the broken bag and personally went back into the store to replace everything.Within ten minutes I had my groceries replaced free of charge and I was on my way! Mind you this all occurred on a Friday afternoon after work, so the store was very busy! Thank you for all your help and speedy replacement of my broken wine.   Ever since moving back to Charlotte, this has been my go to location. Parking isn't fun, it's a rat race to find a spot, but clearly that isn't trader joes fault. As you can tell from my above comments the staff is great! Always friendly and helpful. They''re usually fulled stocked and seem to have a large quantity of products enough though this is a smaller location. I'll see you next week!
4	Yey TJs! This TJs has the friendliest people alive working there. The fruit can be hit or miss, but the veggies are generally pretty good. Parking? Skip that disaster of a lot and go straight to the top of the garage. Your sanity will thank you.
5	I love this particular Trader Joes location..it may take you a bit to find parking but once you're in the store and all done with your shopping, you don't have to wait long before walking out with your groceries.I don't know what it is about Trader Joes hiring practices but they seem to have it down to a T.  It's like they found the trick to hiring the most genuine and friendliest people in the neighborhood at every location- I love their staff!
5	I love Trader Joes! It is easily my favorite grocery store in Charlotte and actually in general. This location is a little small, but it does not disappoint. They have so many amazing choices in the frozen section, especially for someone young cooking for one. The frozen entrees that I love so much include gnocchi, fire roasted red pepper pizza, orange chicken, and mac & cheese. 2 buck chuck wine bottles. I drive very far out of the way just to shop here. Service is amazing as well. Bravo!
5	Obsessed. TJ's wins all my monies for groceries. You'll find me perusing the aisles at least once a week. Now, they are more of a specialty store and you won't find quite the selection of Harris Teeter or Publix. But they have all the essential items plus some fun stuff that you won't find anywhere else! They do have some of the best prices and highest quality!My faves: Veggie section, cheese and beer & wine! Oh and the customer service! Some of the nicest folks you'll encounter. My not-so-fave: Parking. Blergh. Just skip the drama and head up a level or two.
