5	I had to show love to my spot  - ya know that one place that you have stuck with - time after time, no matter what. Well this is mine, I  remember eating here as long as I can remember.A family owned business, a combination of Market and Deli. Really nothing special about the place - building reflects the years this place has been open. Through the years the bread has changed, as well as the meat - but the taste somehow remains the same to me.
3	Please note first:  If you are someone who is VERY picky on your quality of deli meat, than this place may not be for you.  Although the meat is delicious, some may consider not comparable to brands such as Boar's Head.On to the review, like many others, I was hesitant about getting food from this place.  It is in the middle of a random neighborhood, and from the outside looks like a liquor store (well, because it is).  It looks shotty and questionable, but looks in this case are fairly deceiving.I was referred to this place from a co-worker who enjoys trying local spots and generally picks good places.  I decided to order my food for pick up, a New York Style hoagie with everything on it.Upon arrival, I was greeted by a woman behind the counter who has the typical deli shop attitude, but has a nice sarcastic humor and personality.  I got my sandwich, which was HUGE AND CHEAP; Subway ain't got shit on this!  I later found that I could not even finish their sandwich in one sitting.  You also can request additional peppers and pickles on the side, free of charge, which are a nice addition.I would not recommend to eat inside the establishment, although they do have seating available.  It seems as if they use a swamp cooler and some of the other customers are a little shotty.  Be sure to ask for light mayo and mustard or else your sandwich will be drowning in it.Anyhow, give this place a try.  You will be excited about the price, not so excited about the location, and may find that you will want to return.
4	Okay, okay...I feel that Frank's is worthy of an extra star for their rating...I LOVE their subs!Once again, I was greeted ever so friendly, and sassily, from the wonderful woman behind the counter.  I wish that I would ask her her name...hmph.She is awesome!  She asked for 3 sandwich orders all at once and didn't even need to ask us more than that what each one contained for extra condiments.  The subs always get hooked up!  If you ask for extra hot peppers, you get them!  And not just one or two, but several!Again, the other customers that come in here tend to be a little bit shady at times, but then again it IS a liquor/beer store as well and is not necessarily in the best neighborhood (in fact, it is right in the middle of one with houses all around).I recommend you try this place out for a cheap sub that fills the stomach and satisfies the taste buds.
5	Coming from NY, this place hit close to home.  This place is a family-owned business and the place has got some character.   They definitely reminded me of the delis in NY.   The subs are out of this world!!!  Why bother going to subway where they give you like three slices of meat and one slice of cheese when you can get the most amazing subs at Frank's Deli.  I love the italian sub and the meatball sub.  mmmhmmmm.  I could go for some right now.  The rice pudding is my favorite dessert, but they do havey have pretty good cheesecake too.  :)
4	A coworker recommended I try this place. He was right, good sandwiches at a reasonable price. I ordered the hot Pastrami with Deli Mustard and it was great. Not too many places you can hand the cashier a $5 bill and get change back for a sub. Meat had great flavor and the Sub Roll was soft and fresh. I highly recommend this joint.
5	Real New York style sandwiches at an amazing price. I was in search of a deli that wasn't a fancy "bistro" deli that gives me an argula shmear and fufu bread. And I found it, this place has big hearty sandwiches for $5! The staff was really friendly, first time there and I feel like a well loved regular. Family owned too! I'll definitely be back!
4	Frank's Deli has been in the same spot for decades. Growing up in the neighborhood I remember their subs. Yesterday I visited Frank's and I was in pure heaven when I was eating my New York style sub. The area has changed since I was a kid.  It's a little sketchy now but have no fear it's worth it!
4	Really good price, huge sandwich for roughly 5 bucks, The lady is so friendly, we will definatley go there again, went around 11am area did not seem too bad at that time.
1	This place is terrible! Being a native NYer, I was excited to find a deli labeled "real NY deli". This is the equivalent to a super shitty, dirty Bronx bodega or road-side "deli" in some po-dunk upstate NY town. This is no "NY deli".The meats were over processed crap, bathroom was among the dirtiest I've ever seen any where in the world. On the positive, the people seemed nice & it's cheap. Totally disappointed.
5	Frank's gets 5 stars, GREAT sandwiches, friendly service and great prices. This place is definitely no frills but that's not what I want in a sub. I would give it 6 stars if they let me.
4	A great hidden gem in Phoenix.I've started eating here about twice a week.The sandwiches are awesome.Great deal.Go.
3	Not sure what to make of Frank's. The meatball sandwich I had was darn good. Nice big meatballs topped with marinara and cheese. The sauce was flavorful without being overpowering. Also, the sandwich was good sized. The location and building are fairly poor. The place is kind of a sandwich line inside of a low rent convenience store. If I go again, I will just grab a sandwich to go.
2	While working in the area I decided I would give Franks NY Deli a try. Pulling up I had to double check the address as Franks is located in a small neighborhood market. The food is not deserving of the ratings here on Yelp as it is lower end processed meats and the menu is very limited with maybe 10 sandwich options.  I got the NY combo which is simply salami, ham, and choice of cheese. The sandwich is on a 10" roll and you get the basic toppings of lettuce, tomato, onion, and dressings.  The sandwich and a 16.9oz beverage was $6.45 which is a fair price for what you get.
4	Wow, what rock have I been hiding under? And right in my "Hood." Thanks Yelp for the suggestion. I have passed it many times but never thought go go in. This place totally reminds me of the Deli/Convenient stores located near my Aunt's in Rockaway/Queens, right down to the "Iffy" neighborhood and the DVD's in the front case. It is a bit of a Divey, little place where you can get a sandwich, sit down at one of the 8 or so tables, get Takeaway, and/or pick up some staples while you are there. I was immediately transported back to NY the minute I stepped into the place. I got the Roast Beef Hero, which was good. I also got a side of Potato Salad which was just average. That is okay though because no one knows how to do NY Potato Salad out here. ( Wait, I take that back. Hero Factory in Downtown Phoenix does) Ralph's negatives are: a very small menu, no chicken salad, no Wise products, and keeping in the NY theme, horrific parking. I have to say the folks who work here are awesome, by the way. The owner is from Westchester county. ( upstate for us Long Islanders. Sorry a NY private joke which even the owner knew. lol--Love it) The young man working the counter was so very nice to me. I think I found a new place to lunch. No more hiding. That "Proverbial" Rock has been outed and overturned.
4	Nice little place.  Quick subs, salads, and other stuff.  It is also a small convenience store, which is very convenient as that name implies.  I always get a sub , and then have a diverse choice in chips or drinks as a result, or anything else I want to eat with the sub.
5	They make their own roast beef and it's legit. Great sub (hero) good price.  Far from me, but will be back.
