3	Now this is a fun place to check out. This shop boasts to make handcraft hats of various designs, shapes, sizes and colours. From more traditional lines to something a bit more original this place has a list of famous and dedicated clientele. I am not amongst them. My head's too big (for the women's hats) and my pocket is too empty (it's very expensive). Plus I have never been too much of a hat person, other than warm snugly ones for the (damned) Edinburgh winds. It's still a fun place to look around in, and if you are a hat sort of person you should! All the hats are made locally and each design seems unique.
4	This place is pretty simply to die for.I've always been told I have a hat head. Whether that means I look better hiding half my head in a hat or I just tend to suit hats, or look good in hats, I don't know. But this shop, oh, this shop!They've got everything! All the hats are handmade, and though they sometimes look quite confusing (in the sense of: 'oh, darn, which is the front? what're these buttons? etc), the woman who works there (i've always seen the same woman, but I might be wrong) is always around to help you place them on your head at the right angle, in the correct way.There are fedoras, there are hats with feathers, there are flat caps, there are felted brooches to accessorize with... There's this hat my brother bought me (bless him) that makes me look like a tweed pilgrim, making my way across the Midwest in a carriage, back in the day when the buffalo still roamed. I kinda dig it. There are hats that look like they've time-traveled straight outta the fifties. And it's all so beautifully displayed. Each hat has its stand and there are mirrors everywhere. The only downside is the downside that comes with anywhere that has handmade anythings, i.e. the prices. The tweed pilgrim hat cost my brother 40 squid and I bought my flatmate one of those furry-on-the-inside winter hats with flaps (insert here appropriate name) for 20 pounds. And these are on the cheaper side of things. Seriously, though, pop in and try some on. Have a good laugh. Twirl and stuff. If you're a boy, you can pout at the mirror too. Look gorgeous and extravagant all at the same time. Then, maybe, if you're feeling like you woke up on the right side of everything that day, buy one.
4	I can safely say I don't think I've ever seen so many hats under one roof. Whether you're going to a friend's wedding or to the Royal Enclosure at Ascot, you'll definitely find the headpiece of your dreams here.You also pay a hefty amount for the privilege. They're all hand made, and made to a very high standard, and the service is friendly yet efficient. This is all reflected in the price, and personally I'd rather pay a lot of money for that than for average quality famous quality designer brand stuff, mass produced and sold by the bucketload in department stores.Even if you're not planning to buy, if you find yourself wandering through the grassmarket you should definitely pop in and have a look.
4	Fab Hatrix has an amazing selection of really fun hats! I love hats and have really enjoyed Fab Hatrix, from their fantastic and plentiful window displays to the many, many hats hanging everywhere possible inside the shop. Unfortunately, this shop seems that it is not frequented often and when I went in I was the only customer in the store. Also, perhaps because of the small number of customers, prices seemed correspondingly high. They have a fantastic selection of all different types of hats, though, and it is great fun browsing here.
2	Never said helloPity since the hats were nice Treated us poorly
3	After reading several reviews of Fab Hatrix on Yelp, it reminded me that I had been in several times actually looking for a hat, but left empty handed. The main reason being that the shop feels quite cold, unfriendly, and is also bizarrely spread out.The owner didn't really acknowledge me entering, even with my friendly "hello!" He seemed suspicious of me. Perhaps its my curly hair, he's thinking "What does a girl with that much hair want with a hat?" I don't know, either way, I didn't feel welcome. Which made me uncomfortable and to browse much further.But the hat range is fantastic, and they've got some weird, wonderful, unique and flamboyant hats to suit peopel who like that sort of thing. So if you want a really unique hat, I'd recommend coming here, but maybe with an idea in mind as it's not particularly friendly to 'browse'.
