4	We take my husbands car here for almost all auto repairs and we are happy with the service. They usually can get us in and out in one day for big jobs and we feel so welcomed there.
1	You know times are really getting bad when a shop like Meineke pulls this stuff. I have been getting my oil changed at Meineke for the last few years because they mail me oil change specials for $15.95. Yesterday ended all that. I went in yesterday (Saturday) to get my oil changed even though I figured I may have to wait because it's Saturday. There were no other customers there at 10:00 AM. I gave them my coupon and the keys and said I was going next door and would be back in 20 minutes. When I came back the manager said he had some bad news for me. He said I needed a power steering and brake fluid flush because the fluids were dirty. I said OK, show me the leak. He said there is no leak and I said no s**t, if there was I would have noticed it on the floor in my garage. Then I asked him if there was no leak how did my fluids get dirty? He sounded like Obama without a teleprompter, uh, uh ooo, uh, ahh, oh, oh. Then he told me I needed a fuel filter because the one that was on there looked like the original. I told him it was not the original, I replaced the original at 40,000 miles because my engine started to ping. Restricted filter and the engine runs lean, gets hot and pings. I put in a new one and no more ping. Then he told me I needed battery service because the posts were starting to show some corrosion that will cause my battery to drop cells. I told him the battery was $39.95 purchased at Walmart 5 years ago and was probably ready to be replaced anyway. He said he could perform all this service today for $279.95 and he would throw in the oil change for free. I got up on my tip toes and did a tap dance while shouting expletives as loud as I could that would have made Rodney King proud.
3	Ok oil got changed and the one guy seemed friendly but while I was there the manager(?)was writing someone up and fbombs were flying and the other employee was yelling.... I won't go back
4	Found a coupon on the back of the Fry's register recpt for oil change and rotation for $14.95. My Step-Daughters car needed both so she decided to try out this location. The car she is driving is an '03 Corolla that is "new" to her and she wants to keep up on the maintenance that the previous owner had done also. At first she was skeptical as they were very busy when she got there and she only saw one Tech working...but she made an appt to come back a little later in the day. The apparent manager was very friendly (I went back with her) and helpful. No problems with using the coupon at all. The normal price with the service she was getting was $39.95. Great deal! We also informed them that she had just aquired the car and if they could inform us if they noticed any strange leaks or any other things they thought we should be aware of. They did this without any extra charge and with a smile!We were very happy with the service and the speed at which they did everything today.The Silverhaired gentleman we dealt with today said he was recently back to this location after a 6 mos abscence. He had gone to work elsewhere and was asked to return to this location. I got the impression he was busy "cleaning up the place."We will use this facility again.
4	Easiest & quickest oil change I have ever had done! I scheduled my appointment online, I was in and out within 40 minutes. I can't rate the quality of work because I am not that mechanical but everything seems to be working just fine:)
1	Update on my review. Meineke told me the day I had the oil changed that my rear brake pads were down to I believe 17%, I declined knowing that I was going to take my car to the mechanic I trust and have used for many years. Yesterday I had my mechanic check out the brakes, I have 70% left. I think it should be illegal for mechanics to lie about anything that needs to be done on a car. I am now doubting they ever did the actual oil change for all I know. I will never take my car there again.
5	The only place to get car maintenance without fear of getting ripped off.  Plus, there is a goodwill and the best Mexican restaurant in the same plaza.  Highly recommended.
5	The Meineke staff at this location were friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable about the services they offered. I made an appointment for 8:30, showed up around 8:35 and they changed the oil, checked all of the filters and fluids, topped up the coolant, rotated the tires, and handed the keys back to me by 9:02. Talk about service and speed. I would highly recommend using this location's services to anyone who is in a crunch for time and wants value for their money.
