5	Incredibly authentic Ethiopian restaurant, an exciting adventure from eastern Africa. Delicious food.
4	The place is a dump.  The service is frequently spotty.  The food is STELLAR!
4	Red Sea was recommended by an Eritrean friend. (Eritrea used to be part of Ethiopia). I love Ethiopian vegetarian food and this was as good as any. Telka, the owner, waited on us and provided good service and conversation. Red Sea is a fun authentic little place - looking forward to going back.
4	Low-key, affordable, relaxing place with delicious food! Had the Tibsi combo and it was plenty for two to split. Watch out for the spicy lentils and vegetables though! When they say they're spicy, they're talking LAVA hot! Service when we went was perfuctory, but fast.
4	Meskerem is to Red Sea as Harris Teeter is to Food Lion. As in, less atmosphere, spottier service, but good deals and (in some cases) surprisingly good food. A complaint I often hear about Ethiopian is that it all tastes the same - whether that's actually true (I don't think so) or it's a result of our western minds being so used to each separate dish having, well, it's own, separate dish, that when it's all piled onto a delicious piece of Injera, the way we experience flavor shifts is a mystery to me. At Red Sea, there is no mistaking Wat for Alicha - the flavors in each dish (even just stewed lentils) are distinct. Some things are sweet - others salty. And there's none of this "spice level" stuff - you get the full range, when ordering a combo (at 10.99, veggie combo is a steal).Dings - nuked Sambusas. Service was both good (presence, smiles) and cranky (unhappiness about splitting a bill 3 ways, each portion on a card). Warm, as in tired A/C. But really good, thoughtfully prepared food. Lovely.
5	Great stuff. Small place but fantastic food
5	This place is a classic "don't be fooled by the outside" place. Located across from CPCC in an unassuming strip mall with a tiny parking lot, this little gem is just waiting to make your date more interesting, your mouth do a little dance and your wallet skip a beat!I always go for lunch here because it's $5.99-$6.99 for the same size portions as dinner (dinner is around $10-$12). I always get the spicy chicken dish and await the fun. To those who don't know (I didn't before I went here!), Ethiopian food doesn't come with utensils, instead it's plated on this spongy bread which you break off and use to pick up the food. It's amazing and like I mentioned above, a great place to take a date. Most people have probably never been to a place like this and it's an experience AND a meal which I like.The meal comes on a large plate with the spongy bread and on top of it is a garden salad with a light Italian dressing, a pureed dish of some sort that's amazing, and the protein you've chosen with onions, spices and a sauce. Sometimes you'll get veggies and potatoes too, depending on what you order. I like it spicy and I always think they give a perfect amount of heat. Simple food that really speaks for itself is what you'll get here, but the portions are great so you'll never walk out hungry!I've never tried dessert here, but I'd be willing to it if I ever had enough room left over! They do have soda in cans and beers in bottles. I believe this is a family owned place (husband/wife), as I have been going since I was 17 (I'm 24 now) and the wife has always been the waitress and is sometimes pregnant and sometimes not! :)Do yourself a favor and check out this place. Bring a friend, a date, and enjoy the experience AND the food!
4	Like some of the other reviewers have said, don't let the location or decor deter from enjoying some of the best Eritrean food you're ever going to find.  My kids, for some odd reason, love Ethiopian/Eritrean food, and we've tracked it down in New York, Chicago, DC, and our hometown, Philadelphia.  I think we were unanimous that this was the best that we had ever eaten.  The spices were fresh, intriguing, and well-balanced, and the quality of all the ingredients seemed very high.  Good injera, too.  We loved everything on our platter, and were treated well by the hostess. It's not going to look like much when you walk in, but stick around and order everything--you won't regret it!
4	If you can ignore the interior (which smells like tobacco pipe smoke and is a little run down), the restaurant owner's crazy friends, crazy Ethiopian tv shows, and the location, you'll be in for a treat. Very authentic and balanced Eritrean/Ethiopian food.Mostly meat dishes on the menu with a three vegetarian options. The proportions are HUGE and they give you more than enough injera to finish your dish (and someone else's!).Friendly, hole in the wall place. I'll definitely return (for take out only).
4	I haven't had the food here, but I plan to visit it soon.  My friend was in town visiting and we were just driving around the city late at night chatting and when we drove by and saw the bright neon open sign we both looked at each other and just knew we should stop.  We thought they might have some sort of coffee.  We got a little nervous because it is in a really random spot, it was past midnight, and the door hours said that they should be closed.  The windows were tinted dark and when you looked through the door all you could see was a beaded curtain.  We assumed that it would be full of guys at the bar or something.  I peeked in the tinted windows as best I could and saw that I was partially right... only all the eyes in the place were looking back at me!  Haha, well at that point, we had to at least step foot inside and see what was going on.  They had an Ethiopian movie playing on the big screen above the windows which explained why everyone was looking my way when I peeked in!  The espresso with milk was really good and it was a memorable experience sitting there watching the (thankfully subtitled) movie with a couple of dozen other Ethiopian guys lol.
3	I think that the food at Red Sea is fantastic.  The portions are large, seasoned perfectly and fresh.  The ambience here is a little weird, though.  I can't really can't place my finger on what it is, but it's just a little strange.  It's not the decor or the dive-y nature of the restaurant; it's something completely unassociated to those things.  You'll have to give it a try to see what I mean.
4	Large portions and delicious food, Red Sea hit the spot! I needed an Ethiopian fix after gorging myself on it in the Silver Spring, MD area with its wall to wall Ethiopian restaurants.  This one would fit right in!  I agree with another commenter who said there's a strange vibe.  It's probably the people who openly stare at you as you eat.  That wasn't enough to take my enjoyment, though!  Can't wait to go back again!
1	Tried to have dimmer here. 5:12 and still closed. No note or sign for explanation.  Unfortunate because I would have enjoyed trying it!
5	big Ethiopian sized portions .. Your best bet is take a fellow heat seeker and get a combo plate , we had fish , chicken and veggies combo.. The veg was mostly lentils with a handful of lettuce salad but hit the spot. They also have a few bottle beers and that Honey Wine that they are famous for. Moderately priced I'll be back whenever I visit Charlotte. I live in Atlanta but to me this type of food is missing in Charlotte bcz I didnt see many foreigners around town. Don't go if you don't eat hot food but if you haven't had this type of cuisine the waitress seemed more than willing to explain what the dishes are .. And oh, don't expect fork and knife , the food is eaten with Injeera, ethiopian bread that resembles a sponge. It has a sour tastes from being fermented.
4	My first experience with Ethiopian food was at this restaurant.I wasn't really sure what to expect, and what came out was definitely not what I was thinking, lol.  Literally it was a giant round plate with a strange looking bubbly/holey bread with what looked pretty much like already-been-chewed meats, vegetables, and lentils.  That's the only way I can describe it.  And on top of that, I got another plate of bread (which turned out to be the injera) with what I can only describe as looking like rags.To my surprise, this strange looking food was actually quite delicious.  I enjoyed the experience of having to use the injera (bread) to pick up the different meats and such.  The meat and the lentils were very very flavorful and different from anything I'd ever had before. It's probably not something I could handle eating more than once every couple of months, but it's a great type of food to socialize over and actually kinda fun at the same time :P
4	Ahhh. That is the sigh of satisfaction I felt as I walked out of Red Sea. It made me happy to find decent Ethiopian food in Charlotte, and duly impressed my formerly New York based foodie sister-in-law. How so? Well, the injera had just the right amount of sourness, the lamb tibes were tender and spicy, and in general, the lentils, collards, chicken and egg were all tasty. My only critique would be that we had to each order a dish, and I found portions to be small for the price...that said, it was plenty for us. The staff was very friendly, and while the restaurant is small and simple, these are often the best places to eat at. Photos of Ethiopia adorn the walls and local art is displayed on the tables. The woman working there gladly talked about her hometown and accommodated my brother's special drink request. This is a no frills place but the food is good. It's authentic. It's reasonably priced. It's satisfying. Go give it a whirl, and if you're not accustomed to spice, pair your dish with traditional Ethiopian honey wine or beer.
4	Food was definitely flavorful and lived up to what I was expecting, the atmosphere itself was a bit lacking.  It was a group of five of us who ventured in here - we were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time and they had an obscure Don Cheadle movie playing in the background.  Made for an interesting experience.Our server was great, [AND VERY PATIENT] since we (mostly me) were asking questions and asking for recommendations.  I was feeling very adventurous that night so I ordered the Honey Wine (looked interesting on the drink menu).  Later I pulled up some yelp reviews while waiting for the food to come out and the Honey Wine was one of the "must tries".SAMBUSA appetizers were delicious.  A bit hard to share, but we got over our shyness and started ripping them up with hands.  Definitely a different experience using hands instead of the normal fork and knife.The food came out on huge plates..... our table wasn't quite big enough for all the plates, but our server got creative and brought over a tv dinner table to place things on the side.  I had the #4 which was beef (spicy) and a couple of sides that I just ate up.By the end of the meal, I was thoroughly stuffed to capacity.  Everything was great and the warm burning in my mouth from the spice was a nice change from normal food.  I plan on trying their chicken and vegetarian dishes next!
4	Wow. Talk about a hidden gem. Red Sea is plopped in the middle of a sketchy strip mall. From the outside, definitely no curb appeal.The food? Amazing. I had the vegetarian sampler platter and devoured the entire thing. The lentil dishes were by far my favorite, but everything was delicious. Spicy, intense flavors - definitely not recommended for a picky eater. I was with two friends who shared a lamb and chicken platter and some sambusas which they loved.We're planning on going back this week. Probably won't eat lunch that day.
5	Really quite a great food journey when dining at Red Sea.  The service was very good and the waitress does her best to inform you of the dishes if you aren't sure what you're looking at (likely for most!).  The building isn't that new,  but that's just one of the reasons I like the place, it has some of it's own character.  It's small inside, but there was plenty of seating.  We got a lamb dish and a vegetarian dish because I heard good reviews on Yelp about the lentils (patting myself on the back for good advance reconnoitering!).   The waitress was thoughtful enough to check if there was a problem with mixing the meat and veggies, which to me is no problem but good thinking in the event a vegan and a normal person were eating together ;).Food was all very good tasting and the injera (spongy leavened soda-ish flatbread) was more than enough, now if only Indian restaurants could be this generous with their Naan!  The honey wine is always a must, although I saw a bottle in the window that was of Armenian provenance which would be slightly disappointing if that is the only one available.Other reviews claimed the dishes were spicy, but even our pepper based sauce wasn't all that spicy --- non-spicy options are also available if needed.  With all the injera I ate, I left feeling quite full, but the entrees were a little bit smaller than I had expected considering the $10-13 cost.  I would hope that the honey wine is of East African origin, however it still tasted good and is a worthy substitute if that is the only one readily available.Highly Recommendedoh and cool music too!
3	This is good Ethiopean/Eritrean food. Lots of flavor. I went with one of the combos and was overall satisfied with the taste and serving size. The cubed meat was undercooked in my opinion . . . too tough and chewy. I especially enjoyed the spicy lentils. I am tempted to take a star away for service. It was pretty much a one man operation. When we arrived it took a long time for him to even take our order because he was on a personal call. The tables had not been cleared or cleaned. For that reason alone, I probably will not return.
4	I came to Red Sea back in September on a weekend trip to Charlotte with my girlfriend. We were both pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, considering the appearance of the restaurant from the outside. The interior would probably best be described by the word "cozy", but others might call it cramped. When we first arrived (around 9pm on a Friday) the tables were all taken and our server placed a mesab (I think) in the center of the room for us to sit at. I can see how convenient it is to add or remove seating so easily, but of course sitting at a mesab is not as comfortable as sitting at a table.We both enjoyed all of the food we got, as well as the glass of honey wine. The prices are also very reasonable compared to Ethiopian food I've had in the triangle, and we even had leftovers. I loved that we were given enough injera (spongey bread) to eat our food with, unlike so many other restaurants I've been to. The servers were friendly and attentive with water refills, and our food was prepared quickly. I would definitely recommend coming here, and will try to make it back the next time I'm in the Charlotte area.
5	My wife and I went to Red Sea based on excellent Yelp reviews.  It was the most interesting eating experience of our life.  You get no eating utensils.  You eat with your hands and Ethiopian bread.  We had the vegetarian dish and the lamb dish.  Both were incredibly tasty.  The owner came to our table several times to make sure we were doing okay.  He explained some Ethiopian stuff regarding the food.  He even brought out some spices for us to sample.  Try this restaurant if you are looking for a food adventure.
4	Great food!  Pleasant staff.  The food offered a flavorful break from the ordinary meal.
3	Apparently they don't do Ethiopian mood music on Tuesday night. Instead they play infomercials for 20 minutes and then flip through the channels for the remainder of the meal, stopping briefly only to learn they were not subscribed to the station playing Brazilian Butts. Aside from the lack of auditory ambience, we enjoyed our 1st Ethiopian experience. Ordered the vegetarian option and while I'm not sure what all was on my spongy silverware replacement, I ate up and enjoyed it all. Entertainment coupon saved us $11, thank you very much. We'll for sure come back with a coupon, but no guarantees otherwise.
4	Definitely worth a try.  The food is served on and with a special bread (injerra??) that you basically use as a fork. It's similar to a pancake or crepe so it's absorbs a the juices and favors of the different meats that you choose. It is served family-style on a big dish in the center of the table for everyone to pick at.  Definitely different, flavorful, and a cool cultural experience.
3	Update -- went back here and got the lamb (#2 I think) and it was just okay...stick to the vegetarian sampler platter.
4	Yesterday was my second dine at Red Sea (my first was about four years ago) since I have eaten at three other Ethiopian Restaurants and one of them several times...Chicken!!!  Best Ethiopian Meat Dish I have eaten so far!  Spicy and FULL of Flavor!  Perfectly Prepared!!!!  Biggest difference must be the blend and volume of seasonings used!!! Most Unique Timatim and Spiciest though my least favorite of all the ones I have eaten... I do not think it is on the menu...Also they prepared it with no Injera "in" the Timatim by our request!Injera was very good for Injera... Funny every time I eat this bread I like it more!Lentils, Mmmmm and Excellent version of this popular Ethiopian Dish! Maybe my favorite of all the Ethiopian Style LentilsCollards very GREAT flavor, Perfect!Cabbage A-OK, nice flavor,very similar to what you would expect.Sambusa very flavorful though it was missing the usual accompanying Spicy Green Sauce, still Excellent flavor!Chicken Taquitos (from the freezer section of a Grocery store) Awful!  Is this Tex-Mex on Ethiopian?  This was the only part of the meal that was a Total Disappointment..Dishes are "Made to order" so it will take a little longer than you may expect if you are not used to eating at Very Good Ethiopian restaurants!  Service is OK, do not expect the man to be overly friendly until he knows you, do not expect your order to be 100% !  Still it is some very good food except the Taquitos!With about 27 seats counting the Bar, Tables are far enough apart that it does not feel crowded!  This place becomes a "Night Club" later and you may notice the Huge Speakers...
3	I really like kitfo. All of the Ethiopian restaurants in Charlotte have kitfo and gored gored on their menus, yet none of them will serve them to me. I ask if the kitfo is good, and they are like "no no, white lady, order this delicious lamb tibs instead". I'm never sure if it's because they don't believe I know I like kitfo, or if it's because they're warning me that it is not safe to eat raw meat in their particular restaurant on that particular day. Fortunately the lamb tibs was fairly tasty here at the Red Sea. The atmosphere's not much, the Asian-style serving platters are incongruous, and salad with italian dressing is definitely a waste of injera real estate, but on a scale of yuck to yum, it still came down on the yum side and sometimes that's all you need.
4	Very nice food and service is also good. Definitely  visit again.
3	First, this restaurant has moved and is located on Charlottetowne Ave.  I just chanced it midday for lunch because when I looked in the place was dead.  It had mom & pop old world decor but, that didn't deter me so don't let it deter you! I ordered the lamb cubes in a stew with tomato, onion and pepper. It came with 2 sides. I requested no butter or milk in my order since I'm dairy-free; I'm guessing there was some butter but I couldn't say for certain.  I've only had Ethiopian food a couple times so I don't know the proper names. The complex flavors were absolutely delicious!  I usually don't love injera (because it falls apart so easily) but Red Sea's injera had  more texture and flavor than the 2 others I've tried!  The lamb could have been more tender but for $12 and change, it was worth it.
4	A friend introduced me to this restaurant and I loved it. At first glance it does look a bit uninviting but trust me the service is friendly and the food is AMAZING! Wear your fat pants because the servings are huge and you will want to eat it all. Great options for vegetarians!
