5	Love, love, love Sun Gun Tanning. Formerly known as "Naked Beauty" that was located in Scottsdale Seville, I about panicked when I thought Holly (the owner) was closing shop. She just happened to be moving North and upgraded the business!As someone with fair skin, it's impossible to live in Arizona and NOT have somewhat of a tan. I especially will hit up Sun Gun before weekend rendezvous to the beaches in Mexico. Let's face it, a tan gives us a nice glow, makes us look just that little bit more fit and thin and my confidence level is automatically boosted in a bikini. I was hesitant about spray tans at first, given that my only experience was the "do-it-yourself" machines at tanning salons. However, Holly and her team have airbrushing down to an exact science and my color is NEVER orange or streaked. It's perfect every time!!! I love their new formula which only needs to stay on between four to six hours (vs. 12 hours ) so I can shower before bed.What I also love most, is that they carry the latest & greatest products and the team at Sun Gun is always offering the option to try new products. Definitely THE BEST in the Valley and I highly recommend a membership for additional savings. Your tans never expire and I've "gifted" my tans to others (my latest to my sister-in-law who trusted Sun Gun for her wedding day!!!) and have had nothing but rave feedback and thanks!Stay pretty & tan, Phoenix.
5	Sun Gun is amazing. Holly and her staff truly take pride in providing their customers with the perfect tan. I can't believe I did not find Sun Gun sonner. It is professional, clean and they know there tanning! Next time you are looking for the perfect Spray Tan hit up Sun Gun Tanning
5	Absolutely outstanding! Sun Gun is such a great experience. Holly and her team are incredibly nice and informative. They take the time to discuss what you want, and make sure that you leave with a great tan. They are also very helpful in showing you how to extend and protect your tan. No more harmful tanning beds!
5	I love SunGun! All the girls do a great job. My tan always comes out flawless. Holly has an amazing company and amazing products. I would recommend this place to everyone.
5	Being skeptical of spray tans, I was hesitant to try Sun Gun. This is place is amazing. The staff is excellent, inviting and most of all good at what they do. It's a super modern and exceptionally clean place. The product is absolutely the best. You won't be disappointed.
5	I was hesitant to spray tan because my past experiences always left me orange and with uneven color that faded off in blotches. I basically had to cover up until it was gone but when I tried Sun Gun I was hooked. The products they use gave me great color for a week and faded perfectly.
5	Awesome place to get airbrushed! Brittany was my tanning artist and she did amazing! It's affordable and your first tan is cheap. I paid $29 and love the custom color. I will definitely go back and am excited for their new location at Tempe Marketplace opening in May.
5	I really enjoyed getting sprayed at SunGun! Other places that I have been to in the past always made me look orange and the spray tan was not always blended very well. My sprayer, Yvette, did a great job spraying me. She blended my tan very well, and it looked very natural. They have great prices, great products, the staff are very nice and welcoming, and the place is very neat and modern. I can't wait to go back again! I would definitely recommend this place to others! If you want a neat, professional spray tan, then this is the place to go to. You'll love your tan!
5	Let me start off by saying that I was a skeptic. I've seen some pretty terrible spray tans in my day but there came a time shortly after winter where I was in desperate need of a tan, so I started doing my research and stumbled upon SunGun. Soon after I scheduled my appointment and went in to the shop to be greeting by a super sweet woman behind the counter. I checked in and was quickly introduced to my spray tech Brittany. Brittany showed me the way to the room and walked me through the process. She was so positive and knowledgeable that I Immediately felt like I had known her for years. She made me feel so comfortable and really knew her stuff! After a few motions the session was done. Brittany explained the do's and donts to me and walked me back out to the front. Long story short I'm beyond trilled that I found Brittany at SunGun. I will without a doubt be going back to see her soon! I highly recommend you go see her ASAP if you're looking a little pasty and you don't want to bake your skin... She's the bees knees! Keep up the awesome work!!
5	I Loved this place!! Courtney was my spray artist and she did AMAZING. I got so many compliments. I will def be back there next week to see her againThanks Sungun/ Courtney
5	Best spray tan in the Valley!!  Never loved one until I came here. The salon is clean, professional and very good at what they do!! Top notch!! Alanna is my fave ask for her!!!
5	Love this place! Love the staff! Great color and it doesn't smell like spray tan. Leave on for 2-3 hours and shower!! It's fabulous! Become a member. That's the best deal. Or try it out on Tuesdays for $20.
