3	This place came very highly recommended.  But the food was simply average.  I think if we hadn't been expecting as much, we would have enjoyed ourselves better.  The trademark steamers were small, and several of ours had grit in them.  The rest of the seafood we had was well prepared, but merely average tasting.  The ambience, being in a mall left a lot to be desired.
3	As compared to the other reviews of Steamer's, I'd have to say . . . ditto.At first glance, it looks like it's going to be a world-class seafood establishment, bounding with class and luxurious ambiance. Unfortunately, the food doesn't quite hold up against the high standard that the appearance sets for it. The sushi is a firm no, while the rest of the fish served is good, but not quite good enough to justify the price tag attached to it.
4	Fresh Seafoods.  Friendly Staffs.  Highly Recommended!  Since I stayed in Embassy's suite which's right across I got a coupon for free appetizer!  The free crabcake is off the chart!
5	So, why 5 stars. Well, first of all I loved the ambiance. It was an overcast, dreary day in PHX. Yet, inside this place was just really nice. My waitress, Victoria, was a 5+. I had the crab louis which was really good. And I had the Manhattan clam chowder which actually had a spice to it: surprise!!!Think of where it is and what it is and you have to give it a 5.
4	I have to say the decor is definitely better at night. The bar area looked neat too.The bread and lobster bisque were terrific as were my Scallops (not many places pull them off very well). The peppered Swordfish was also well prepared.Good selection of wines and cocktails, and just a short hop to the bar at the Embassy Suites next door.
1	My bf was visting from Colorado Springs and we were in the mood for seafood, yeah in Phoenix, but we decided to try this place anyway. What were we thinking? There was nothing wrong with service, the food was terrible. It's definitely not what you expect when you look the price, really pricey. We shared oysters for the appetizer. I ordered a clam chowder. It was fine, not outstanding but edible. My bf ordered a ceasar salad, the plate was warm, the romaine was wilted. He is not a picky person but he did not hesitate to send it back. I ordered the scallops which were ok, a little on the rubbery side and it came with brown risotto. It was all too dry, I had to get an extra glass of water to wash it all down. It sat like a lump in my stomach, leaving no room for desert. My bf chose the mussels in an herb de provance soup. It was a bunch mussles that looked like they were swimming in yellow water. The taste? None, it was tasteless and watered down, no butter, no white wine, nothing to make it taste good. The herbs did nothing for the dish.Would I go back to give it a second chance, nah, not for the price. The most unsatisfying place I have ever eaten.
2	In 1997, Steamers was where I went out to dinner with the lovely lady who is now my wife....In 1999 on New Year's Eve (Y2K), Steamers is where I dropped to one knee and proposed to the same lady....And in 2001, Steamers is where my wife and I got a bite to eat after our wedding reception - since we were too busy talking to everyone at the reception to actually eat.So when my in-laws suggested Steamers as a place to celebrate my recent birthday, I gladly accepted.After going, I think perhaps we should find a new place.The restaurant still looks the same and the ambiance is fine, but the food is tired and boring.For the price you are paying, you'd expect really good food, but instead it was all just kind of blah. The service was fine although the waiter didn't really seem to know much about the menu and I hate it when they deliver the food and have to ask who ordered what - isn't there supposed to be some sort of a system whereby they keep track of who ordered what at the table? The calamari was overly breaded and rubbery, the spicy shrimp wasn't very spicy. My jambalaya was soupy and had too many vegetables and not enough seafood or sausage. My wife's steak was OK, but did not compare to what can be found at many steakhouses. Even the oysters on the half shell were just there, nothing special.The one highlight of the meal was the ice-cream, brownie thing they brought for my birthday.All in all, not enough positives to go back. I think we'll find a new place for future special events.
2	oh how i wished i check yelp before taking our concierge's advice about eating here.  the food was not good and was VERY pricey, i wish i went to the capital grille if i knew we were going to drop this much money, at least there i would have gotten a great steak and been satisfied.
2	Ruby Red Crab Legs ....YUM!    (There is a big $$ though for this Yumminess!....$70).   We started our meal with the N'awlins Shrimp appetizer.   Cajun spices but with "little itty bitty" shrimp.   It was just OK.   We actually ate at the bar.    The bartender, Brian, was very attentive.  Of course he was, we were the only two people in the bar for two hours on a Saturday night.   The bar is good size so that has to be a bad sign for Steamers.  Can you imagine what their rent could be in The Biltmore on 24th St. and Camelback??When I read Brad H.'s review of Steamer's,  I was touched by his story of the "Lovely lady who is now his wife"  who he proposed to at Steamer's.   Brad,  do you have a twin brother????  What a nice guy you are!
3	Steamers seems to be a Phoenix/Scottsdale staple for good seafood. The food wasn't bad, it wasn't THAT great either, though. The wine list is sufficient and the service adequate. The menu has some good combination dishes and a mix of seafood staples and chef creations. I had the seabass, which was tasty and fresh, but nothing memorable for me. Atmosphere wise, the booths are nice and probably the only place I would want to sit in the place, but I didn't really get that "contemporary and cosmopolitan" vibe at all. The best part about Steamers may, in fact, be its perfect location centered right in Biltmore Fashion Park.
3	Was here for a KYOT Wine-Down-Wednesday event a couple of years ago.  The bar area was packed.  Stood around waiting for a table to open up- very uncomfortable as the area is pretty small.  I remember trying the New England clam chowder.  Tasty, but it had too much potatoes and not enough clams.  Had something else, but can't recall which, and the current menu online reflects a few changes.  I do recall thinking I would like to come back and have lunch or dinner there, so I'm giving it three stars.
2	Just OK for lots of money. Service was very good, food was nothing special. Butter was rock solid, not spreadable. I would look for another seafood restaurant before ever going back to this one.
2	My wife took me to Steamers for my birthday this summer.  We were both let down that we weren't going to be able to take our annual vacation to Maine to see her Dad and eat lots of yummy fresh seafood.  We love lobster bisque, lobster rolls, baked stuffed lobster, and just about lobster anything.  Oh yeah, and baked stuffed shrimp too.So this was supposed to be our "mini-getaway" since we were homebound for the summer.  We were both a little let down to be honest.  She chose Steamers because their online menu said they had lobster bisque.  Well, we got to the restaurant and they didn't have lobster bisque.  I had the special, swordfish au poivre, and it was good, but very rich, and wasn't feeling very well a few hours later.  The wine list wasn't as extensive and one would expect for a nice seafood restaurant in Phoenix.  I have to say that in general, the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special, but it was very expensive. We agreed that next time we wanted a good bowl of bisque we'd go next door to the Capital Grille
4	I dined here recently with my girlfriend for AZ restaurant week. We had a specially memorable evening, as everything was perfect, or just near. The wines we chose in the wine flights were particularly palatable, as was the food (though they lost points when the server had no idea about a couple of wines we asked about). The appetizers were nice little meals on their own - she had the lobster in lettuce cups, I the Ahi tuna Tartar stack, which was nice, sans the tortilla chips instead of...toast points, maybe? I had the cioppino for entree, which, for a seafood lover like me, was just sheer bliss. My date had the tilapia, which we both thought was a tad on the "swampy" side, though it was still edible enough. We finished with key lime pie for her, and the chocolate s'more souffle pour moi, which we both gobbled with the abandon only dedicated gourmands can know. All in all, a wonderful evening. Our dinner came to close to $90, but I felt it was worth it. One of the nits we had was the decor, once the lights started to come up at the end of the night. Steamers, you need new chairs and tables. We thought they looked like they belonged at Golden Corral, not in an otherwise opulently decorated space with old world ambience. Luckily, we reserved a booth.
4	For some reason I have never had a "full" meal in the dining area the 2 times I have been here.  Instead, my wife and I have chosen to sit in the bar area because it is normally later in the evening when we go and we just want something quick and casual.  We normally just order a few things to share and here are some of our favs and un-favs:* The Steamers Clam Chowder - it is AWESOME!  They put both New England and Manhattan chowder in the same bowl.  Not mixed together though...on separate sides.* The Steamers Wedge - EXCELLENT and HUGE.* Rocky Point Shrimp Cocktail - I honestly don't think it is very good.  I think it lacks flavor and kick.  I would just stick to a regular shrimp cocktail in the future.The service is always excellent as they are very fast and friendly.  The prices are on the high side but that's what you get for wanting decent seafood in the Biltmore area.Although I am always there way after happy hour has ended; the specials look awesome.  If I am ever in the area around happy hour time then I will definitely make a visit.
4	Decided we would stop in at happy hour for J's birthday and have a bite to eat after seeing they had a write up in AZcentral. With new management and an updated look, figured we would check it out. ( To be honest, we saw they were offering a free appy, with a purchase of a drink... up to 2 per person:)  Great stuff!  They have a burger on the appetizer menu! Went with friends and tasted a little of everything,...mini-fish tacos, shrimp cocktail, Blue Cheese burger, lobster lettuce cups, calamari...Everything we ordered was enjoyed by ALL!  The only tiny issue was that the poor waitress was working the bar area by herself and was a little overwhelmed.  Help arrived just in time for the big crowd.  Didn't get a chance to try anything off the dinner menu.  We were pleasantly stuffed off our free appys! :)  Get in there before Dec.31!
5	Although I haven't eaten in the actual restaurant in YEARS, I have been to the lounge/bar a lot recently, for their happy hour.  It simply cannot be beat!Draft beers are $2...I had the Widmer, can't beat a good hefe for $2.  I've had the rocky point shrimp cocktail which was good, but not your typical shrimp cocktail. The shrimp was cut up, and in a ceviche like mixture served in a martini glass.  I enjoyed it.  I've also had the lobster lettuce wraps...which I also enjoyed.  Where can you get such large chunks of lobster in a dish for $5.95??  The real gem on the happy hour menu is the Bacon Bleu Cheese burger.  It's a delicious 1/2lb homemade burger, with thick cut bacon and bleu cheese crumbles.  I don't even like bleu cheese, but this burger was so flavorful, juicy and outstanding.  The fries are delicious too.  And to think it was only $4.95....makes it all the better.  You can hardly get a burger and fries at In-and-Out for that price.  Burger and beer for $7.50 with tax?  You will find me here often just for that reason.
