5	I had my first, what was supposed to be just a consultation....but my new Hair Stylist, Erin, took it a step further and actually cut my hair. She even offered to color it! The salon is nice, and very comfortable. I have found my new place to go for my hair needs!!!!!! Already recommending to everyone!
4	Pretty cool place.  I went there to get my eyebrows waxed and it was easy to get an appointment the next day.  The girl who did my eyebrows was really nice, talkative and did a really good job fixing my eyebrows.  I will return!  The only thing I didnt like was seeing the girls at the front desk eating when I walked in.  There should always be a break room in any salon where employees can enjoy their breakfast, lunch or break!
5	I've had pixie cuts by both Sidney and Yasmin and they both did a wonderful job on my hair!!
5	The salon is so cute and all the girls are great!
5	Great Salon! Great People! Really friendly & Helpful staff!  Marion Dodd is my hair stylist and she is amazing! She always makes me feel beautiful! Highly recommend this salon!
2	I love the North Central Phoenix location and the salon has a pleasant atmosphere. Unfortunately, I can't recommend the stylists. The first haircut I received was acceptable, though I could barely tell that I had even gone for a trim. But I recently went back for a shape-up and left with choppy, extreme layers and an uneven haircut. I had emphasized that I prefer a blunt bob with minimal, blended layers, but the stylist just did what she wanted to do I guess. I could tell the cut was terrible and tried to express some concern but to no avail. Now, it's too short to get fixed and can't be styled nicely.
5	I started coming here because my "eyebrow lady" changed locations and started working at this salon. Belinda is the best and I would not trust anyone else to come near my brows. she listens and takes the time to carefully shape and wax my brows to perfection every single time. I also recently got my hair trimmed by Amber. She also is fantastic. She listened and cut my hair exactly how I wanted. She's easy to talk to and I never once worried about what my hair would look like while I sat in her chair. Great salon!!
5	Belinda is the best eyebrow artist in the Valley! I always know I will walk out of there w/ terrific looking eyebrows and some great tips on how to keep them looking their best! Love her!
5	I really am a BIG fan of Salon Kismet. By accident I stumbled upon them a couple years ago and now I truly look forward to seeing them  for my appts. Dina is great with hair and is so much fun to talk to. But I also love Amber! I always leave the two of them feeling like I just socialized with two of my best girlfriends. Salon is really cute and CLEAN! Love there products!I've seen the nail girls work and it is amazing! I would love to get my nails done by her but she is BUSY BUSY. Park to the side of the building! Or behind the nursery.
5	My favorite salon for years now! Love... Love,, love! These girls have known each other forever and are all great friends. The good vibes are here with these girls. No negative salon atmosphere. You can relax they are a true salon team and everyone wants the best for their client. One stylist may ask another stylist to brain storm with you. Dina and Tina came up with a great idea for my hair cut and color, together! Love my hair :)
5	These 5 stars are for Belinda the aesthetician.Belinda used to be at Martino.Now she is at Kismet.Belinda has been doing my brows for more than 10 years now. I love her. Brows are perfect every time. She is on time, fast, precise, friendly, personable.  She was out for a few months once and OMG, I was lost. I'll never go to anyone else.
5	These 5 stars are for Belinda. I have personally never gotten hair/nail service here before.If you're looking for an amazing Esthetician then you must come here! I have been to many waxers and I stopped looking at Belinda. When I first came to Belinda, about a year ago and a half ago, my eyebrows were a mess. My sister tried to do them and made them a complete disaster. I let them grow out a bit and went to Belinda to fix them. She exceeded my expectations by a mile. She made them gorgeous.  She truly is a mater when it comes to any waxing. If you're looking for a someone to trust with your face appearance, go to Belinda!! She will make you look beautiful and you will not regret it. She's probably the best in town.
