4	I was glad to find a nice cafe close to where I was staying on my last trip into town. This place has everything I could ask for when looking to stay for a while. Free Wifi ... checkFlatscreen TV ... niceComfy lounge area ... chillin'Tasty drinks ... yummyThis place even offers a points reward type of loyalty program ... for those who keep coming back!
1	Gelato mini spoon samples ruined it.  There's an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm wherein Larry David finds himself behind someone who abuses the ice cream tasting policy with those little spoons.  Well, it happened to me with Gelato, and two mothers with their 3-4 kids.  Are you serious... letting each critter taste each and every desired flavor, while full grown adults wait in line for a basic cup of coffee?  Apparently they are serious, and this was my last visit here.
3	Very courteous & professional staff on my recent re-visit.  Good atmosphere with ample seating, including both comfy chairs as well as traditional tables with chairs.  Several coffee options were there for those of us who tend to drink coffee at coffeehouses rather than some creampuff fat/no-fat mocha wispy whatever drinks that just happen to have espresso in them.  Costa Rica drip coffee wasn't bad, though perhaps in hindsight I should have gone with the Kona blend.  I'll stop by next time I hit Ray's for pizza just a few doors down.
5	Stopped in this morning for the first time and am so happy I did!!  My husband and I each had a Iced Americano and it was Delicious. We will be back for the frozen yogurt next time.  So glad to have found this cool spot.
5	I highly recommend Java Grounds Coffee House for a nice, relaxing place to enjoy some good coffee. Great selection, awesome lounge and friendly staff.
5	Great coffee, pricing was right on, staff was extremely pleasant and very knowledgeable about items on the menu and was able to make a drink that I wanted to a T. Several drink and food items and combinations are available as well. Will be back here often!
4	I like the fact that this place is NOT a chain. The seasonal latte that I ordered was perfect! They named it the Roasted Reindeer. Made with hazelnut and white chocolate. Delicious! Not too sweet. Place is Comfortable and clean. Came back with a friend to have breakfast. We shared a egg sandwich on a croissant. It was tasty!
5	I absolutely love this place! The staff and owner are so great. Great location, great seating. Coffee is wonderful and the prices are realistic. Great variety to choose from to drink or snack on, or to eat.
5	New ownership. Much improved coffee is food, espresso is great, and the food couldn't be better. Only complaint is their short hours, still hoping they someday stay open longer.
5	As good as it gets. Great coffee. Nice selection of breakfast and bakery items. Loved my hot out of the oven muffin. Relaxed, spacious,inviting. Everything I want in a coffee/breakfast spot. Don't know why it took me so long to stop in, but happy I did.
5	This place makes me wish I lived in the north west valley. The blended coffee drink was to die for! I can only imagine how good the seasonal muffins might be. I wish I lived closer :(
5	Love this coffee house.   It's where I always go when I'm working mobile.  Wifi, good seating, and a great variety of drinks and some pastries.  The last owner really added some personality to the place.  Ownership has recently (a few months ago) changed hands, and the new owners seem to be pretty nice guys.  Hopefully they keep it up!
2	Not so great anymore.  I've been known to play hookie from time to time and stop by the local coffee shops to do homework or read.  This used to be my favorite coffee shop.  Not anymore.  The previous owner had some amazingly nerdy things, local art, etc... the new guy, while nice (overly nice) has some charity pictures up, and put up televisions and plays music that is too loud...  The quality of food and coffee has declined significantly since this change.  I spent $7-something on a milky "mint mocha" which had no mocha flavor, and no mint flavor along with a blueberry muffin.  The muffin was chewy (like it may have been made two days ago) and mostly flavorless.  While trying to do homework, the manager/owner will regularly interrupt... Don't get me wrong, I'll probably come back here, but if there were another non-chain coffee shop in the area, I wouldn't... :(
5	Keep going past the Sbux and come here. Real (good) coffee and genuine people.  This is the kind of place I think of when I think of great indie coffee shops.  The first time I was there, they knew several patrons by sight and greeted them by name.  We stopped by again yesterday on our way to the airport and the owner was just as friendly and engaging as the first time.I would be a regular here myself if I didn't live 900 miles away.  Sigh.
5	I went there today with my girlfriend and we both got sandwiches and coffee. Everything was great! The atmosphere was good and we liked that they had seating outside cause while we enjoyed our coffees it was nice to be able to sit, use the wifi, and study too.
5	Great coffee, great prices and genuine people!  I am glad it is so close to my house.
4	Well, I have to update and change my review. The place has changed drastically. At first it was for the better but now, well, it's a great place to hold your Bible studies and conduct your business (at the top of your lungs on your cellphone) with no regard for anyone else around you.It's now owned by a church-based "nonprofit". So as long as you don't mind hearing all the preaching going on around you by other customers, this place is for you!The food is way overpriced but the coffee is good and decently-priced.The staff is super friendly.
4	Certain places I wait to review after multiple visits. Coffee houses being one of them.My first experience I encountered a cashier that didn't seem too familiar with the menu and services they had but the person making the drinks knew their stuff. I got a dirty iced chai (they call it wicked here) and it was pretty good. Espresso had good flavor and the chai was more sweet and spicy than others I have had, still good. Second time in I asked the question I should've the first time. "Do you serve toddy?" sure enough they do. It isn't on the menu but they have it and it is delicious. They brew it for 14 hours and they have the recipe down to a T.My only gripe is the interior seems to have an internal struggle of what it wants to be. Am I a restaurant? a coffee shop? a sandwich place? Regardless, drinks are pretty good here and I encourage you to try!
5	The spinach, tomato, and cheese frittata is awesome with Chili on top!   Loved the Four Peaks latte.  The service is great.  They were so helpful and offered suggestions on ordering.  This is my first time here eating lunch.  Got a great latte to go.  My son loved their chocolate cake pop and had some fresh fruit.  Great selection of things to chose from.
5	As a small business owner, it is important to me to support other small businesses instead of corporate chains. The service is very good, the coffee is tasty and they have a nice variety of breakfast and lunch foods. It is nice to see the same people every time I go in and I appreciate the staff addressing me by my name and knowing my order.
4	Relaxed atmosphere, great coffee.  Staff are cheerful and witty.  I haven't yet tried the food, but I like the variety of offerings.  It's a good thing they're not closer to the house...I would spend too much time there.
5	The coffee is amazing!  They make anything you want,  and if you're not sure what to get,  they recommend some great stuff!  Their food is delicious as well!  But the best part about this place is the service.  The staff is incredibly friendly,  and it's a nice, quiet place to study or relax!
5	We were just running errands and were wanting breakfast, saw this place out of the corner of my eye. Made a u turn. Service was a bit slow, but had one of thier signature latte's 4 peaks, and a veggie frittata and was excellent. I will be comming back.
5	I love this locally owned coffee house!  They have excellent food and delicious coffee.  I highly recommend the Diamondback!  It's fabulous both hot and cold.  They offer a loyalty rewards card too.  I love this place because it's like going into "Cheers" where everyone knows your name and treats you like a friend.  It is a very warm and friendly environment.  I really like know knowing this is a locally owned place and it has a purpose, other than profit.  The owners use the profit to provide educational scholarships for private school to under privileged kids.  You can't say that about other coffee shop,s so I always like to support this place!  I also use this place to do informal business meetings or to just meet up with girlfriends.  They have great sandwiches and salads too!
5	O M G... Vanilla Butter Pecan Iced Latte with a hint of Caramel.... Need I say more????
4	Owner is very nice. Great atmosphere with plenty tables for studying or meetings. The kids working are a part of an outreach program to give high school kids work experience. I love coming here to support the cause. Just be patient as the kids are learning.
5	I cannot say enough great things about Java Grounds. They're a local non-profit coffee shop with a great cause, & my drink costs seriously half the price of what I would pay at any chain shop. (Not that I would even mind paying the same; I like knowing my money is supporting something great here)Joe, Chad, Amanda, & Monique are all rock stars, make great recommendations, & get to know their regulars quickly. Within two weeks or so of coming here regularly, they all knew my name, & would have my drink ready for me before I got to the counter!! JG's only downside is that they can get a little busy in the mornings, so you do have to plan for a little extra time if you're going to stop in between 7-8:30am when everyone is on their way to work but that is my ONLY complaint. I love love love it here, & added bonus: they have specialty milks like soy, almond, AND rice milk!!
5	Can't say enough good things about this place. It's not on the menu but they serve a great cold pressed coffee which can be difficult to find.  The frittatas are top notch, grab the egg white one if they have it w/ some salsa. The environment is always fun and inviting. There can be a wait when they get busy.  Watch out for Amanda behind the counter, jokes fly indiscriminately. This place is also a non-profit and is used as a work program for inner city kids and benefits Heart for the City in Glendale.Can't ask for much more, awesome product, great environment, meaningful purpose.
5	Not sure why I never came here more often. I'm not a coffee fanatic. I brew at home because it saves time in the morning. Came here today for a coffee and pleasantly surprised. Great neighborhood place and very unique. Staff is friendly and prices are fair. Love their signature lattes. Look forward to trying them all. Today I tried Old Town which is peanut butter and chocolate. Yummy! They have a great assortment of pastries too. PLUS on Saturdays and Sundays they now have all you can eat brunch for only $9.95. We are coming next weekend again. Scrambled eggs, sausage, hash browns, omelets and waffles. Sounds great to me.
5	This place is being delicious! I worked at Starbucks for several years and much prefer java grounds coffee! :)
5	The Funky Monkey....Heaven n a cup!  I love this drink.  The ham, egg & cheese on a cheese bagel was yummy too!
4	I had the Sedona and it was great.  Service was fair, not real slow but not great either thus 4 stars.
1	Just can't do it anymore. The place is a circus. The owner released the two men who knew anything about running a business and now it's just......Bummer, it was my only real independently owned coffee shop anywhere near me. I'd rather force myself to learn to love McDonald's coffee.Great for your bible study groups though; complete with blaring Christian music all the bible thumpers have to scream over. I've gone through this business watching it change hands a few times and now it is time for me to exit.
5	We love this place!! We visit it often. Great food, drinks and concept. There is nothing better than supporting local business and the community, but this shop takes it one step further by supporting local kids. It's a great place to study, read, or enjoy time with friends or family. Highly recommend!!!
3	I really wanted to like this place. When I went in, there were tons of tables. A good place to meet with a study group or just chat with girlfriends over coffee. There was also what looked like an omelette bar. It's clear Java Grounds is striving to be more than just a coffee house. It's part coffeehouse, part brunch restaurant, I guess :P. Anyway, the service, ambiance, and seating was great. The reason the rating is only 3 stars is because I didn't like my actual drink. That should comprise a pretty big portion of the rating, right? I ordered a soy spice chai latte. It was extremely watered down. I think the barista kept adding more milk and ice to fill up the cup. Since the ice melted almost immediately, even though I drank my latte right away, I could barely taste any spice or chai flavor. Extremely disappointing since I ordered spice intentionally because I love a flavorful chai. Definitely not worth $3.80 (including tip).Cute concept, but I will definitely not order a chai again.
5	Great Place. I have been by several times but never stopped. Had a chance to go there with a group of guys to meet up and chat. The ambience and size was better than expected. Everyone was friendly. Service was good and they had patience with us checking out a new menu. I got a regular coffee with room and almost got the breakfast deal but was not hungry at the time. Oh well, I will try that next time. Good flavor on the coffee and quick service. Enjoyed our time there very much. Price was decent even with a tip. I will review again upon my next visit and try some food as well.
