5	The Lounge is located on the first floor of tower 1 in The Signature at MGM Grand.  It's a full bar with bar seating, several high tables with chairs, and a small area with a couch and armchairs surrounding a television.  You can also take your drinks outside if you want to smoke and sit in large booth-like areas.Bartender was awesome.  Very attentive and fast.  When we went outside, he remembered to check on us to make sure we were okay and if we wanted any more drinks.  He also tried to turn on the fire pit for us (without asking), but it didn't work.  It was nice of him to try.Complimentary popcorn and assorted nuts while you drink.  Overall, a really nice place to start or end your night.
5	I was staying at the MGM signature not by choice. I had wandered off one night for some late night gambling. After loosing everything I decided to commiserate at the hotel bar. BEST DECISION EVER. So many women can atest to how walking into a bar alone can be a tricky situation especially when you simply want a drink especially in Vegas. This was one of those nights just drinks no pick up..conversation depending. The bartender was great. Quick with the drinks. The other patrons were the most entertaining. There seems to be a group of regulars at this bar,all older but since this is Vegas all with their own story to tell. There was a woman writing her autobiography at the bar.. and a retired Vegas veteran offering up free meals to the pretty girls. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas but I liked it. I dont know if I will ever be at the signature again, (not my fav hotel) but if I do I will def stop by for a round here
5	This is a really nice, cozy lounge in tower one.   There is plenty of seating in a relatively quiet atmosphere.   If you are staying at the Signature, this is a nice place to chill out for a bit and have a drink or two.   They have a good selection of drinks and they do have many specialty drinks on their menu if you want to experiment a little.   I was there a couple weeks ago and the wife wanted to take a quick nap while I wanted to have a couple quick drinks.   So, I went there and had a couple nice gin based drinks.   The service was perfect and the drinks came out quickly.    Good show.   Will I be back?   Of course I will.
1	I tried to use my voucher for 2 free drinks which cost me 15000 points from mlife reward I earned from 2 months playing facebook slots. I was told i had to go to a mlife station. I went to one I was at the New York New York Casino. There I was told I had to go to the MGM Signature Mlife station...which does not exist! Disappointed. Should be easier. Why could it not be on my card when I used my points for the reward. Now the reward will expire before I can use them, I want my points back!
4	This is a great place to start your evening! I used My Vegas rewards for 2 drinks at The Lounge. You bring your redemption code to the M Life desk at MGM Grand, the lady at the M Life Desk was abrupt and a little rude ( I did not base her attitude on my experience at The Lounge). She wrote up a voucher for a $30.00 credit for The Lounge and gave us directions. It is a long walk from MGM grand, otherwise I would give them 5 stars. Upon entering The Lounge it is very fancy and beautiful inside. Business class and cozy would be a better description. The bartender was awesome. I showed him the voucher and he let me know about the Martini drink special. We ended up with 5 free drinks that were excellent. We did get some curious looks at the 5 drinks he made for us one after another. We lined them up and did our tasting of our 5 drinks. It was a great conversation piece. The Uptown Martini has Maker's Mark in it. Never had a martini with whiskey in it. It was surprisingly really good. I would definitely come back. It was worth the long walk. The drinks may be pricey according to some patrons but these are classy drinks not your watered down cheap typical liquor drinks. In Vegas you will typically pay about $10.00 to $15.00 per drink.
2	We came here to use my myvegas reward. First off, you cannot get into the property unless you're staying there. After haggling with the security for ten minutes he finally let me in after I showed him my myvegas reward printout. I didn't realize that you need to go to the main mgm property to get the reward. The instructions said to get the reward certificate at the resort you're redeeming from. I was able to call the m life desk and they gave me the reward certificate number and I was able to redeem it. The lounge is not really a lounge; it's a typical hotel bar. Something you would find in a Marriott property. My mojito was good, the girlfriends drink was mediocre. The bartender was nice though, hence the second star.
4	Well, I didn't have any sort of voucher or coupon for a free drink, unfortunately. I had to pay full price :(. The cool thing is that you can take the drinks to go if you'd like. They'll put it in a big plastic cup for you. They also make the drinks moderately strong so you don't feel jipped or like you're wasting your money.I visited this place twice during my stay at The Signature. Both times I ordered a vodka soda with Ciroc vodka the first time and Grey Goose the second time. Prepare to pay anywhere from $12-$16 for a drink with tip. Ouch. Also, in eyeing their bar, it didn't seem like they had much of a selection, but I could be wrong. The place is very cozy and chill...it's a nice little lounge. The staff is also very nice and professional.
1	Went here tonight for some food before going out and everything we ordered was inedible. Skip this place. Worth spending money on the strip.
