4	You know what separates this Pizza Hut from all the others? The fact that you can sit down at a table and enjoy your freshly cooked, greasy piece of oven baked goodness. To me, all Pizza Huts are all the same in terms of food taste, price etc.... it takes something like the ability to sit down at a table like the good 'ol days to make them stand out.
3	In the midst of the ghetto and streetwalkers on Boulder Highway there is a Pizza Hut. My husband wanted to go. He wanted pizza. OK.Strangely enough the inside of the establishment looks new and polished, not run down. The front counter is clean and organized. The staff was friendly.What I didn't like - although you can eat in this is primarily a pick-up/delivery place. The dining  area is small AND there is no pizza buffet! *gasp* That is what I always think of when I think of actually going to Pizza Hut to eat - the buffet! No buffet here.The tables had no red pepper flakes or Parmesan cheese to sprinkle on the pizzas. Not even one of them. When I looked around to see if it was just the table we sat at I was baffled to see not one of the tables had condiments on them. Strange.Anyway, it's an okay place to get a pizza, especially considering the location. As for food - sure, it's Pizza Hut pizza, it's hard to mess up. It's the same consistency, etc. It came out piping hot, so that was good, but we were one of three tables in the whole place. Kind of hard to mess up.
4	Once a week, I get to pound the carbs and I was totally jonsing for some Pizza Sliders.  I have been thinking about them for the last couple of weeks.  They look so good on the commercials.  But, I snoozed on getting them... so, now, they don't have them anymore.  But, because my buddies didn't want to drive all over "creation", we decided to pick up a couple of pizzas while we were here.  So, here is my review from tonight.This Pizza Hut is on the corner of Flamingo and Boulder Hwy.  It's not in the best part of town but, all that really means is - you have to lock your car doors while you are inside.  We walk in and that is when I heard the bad news...  "Sorry, we stopped carrying pizza sliders a couple of weeks ago".  After throwing a fit... just kidding... after accepting the news, We decided to order a medium thin crust  pizza with mushrooms and olives and a large thin crust with 1/2 sausage and 1/2 pepperoni..  After we ordered we had a bit of a wait... that's what we get for not calling ahead.  We sat there and talked a while.  As we were waiting, I looked around and noticed that this place was extremely clean.  I, having a small bladder, had to use the bathroom and it too was really clean.  The only problem is you have to get the key from the counter.I also like that they have a board up front where you can see how long you have before your order is ready.  That is a nice touch.  So, as far as Pizza Huts go, this one gets 4 stars.  I prefer other pizza joints for better food but this place gives great service with a smile.
1	Pizza is ALWAYS doughy in the middle, even when we specifically request that it be "done" in the middle. Unfortunately this is the only PH to deliver to us. Won't be ordering from them again. 3 strikes, you're out.
