5	Wow, I'm impressed.  Of course, everything is new at this location.  Ordered some nachos and good god what a plate that was!  It was basically a nacho pyramid!  Around $8, and worth every penny.  Expectantly, the bartender was a little green on the price of a Guinness draft, but, I mean, they are new so that's fine.  Extremely nice and attentive bartenders.  My first time coming to this location and I'm really pleased with the interior.  It features: gigantic projector screen(s), flat-panel tv's, classic sports bar arcade games (bowling, golf,) as well as skeeball!, clean bathrooms (however, on a different note, the right faucet of the men's bathroom is a little unsecured from it's base), nice tables and booths, and a great atmosphere with music at the right volume.  Can't wait to make this my personal sports bar!  As good as it gets!
1	I have been here 3 times.  The big screen to watch sports on the back wall is faded and lacks color.  All the other TV's are decent. That's not why it gets 1 star.  The food!  Where do I start? This is a over-priced sports bar and the least expensive item on the menu (chips and salsa) are $6.00.  For the quality of food, the prices are way too high.  I am more than willingly to pay for these prices but the food is lacking appeal and often time I wonder if it comes out of the can.  The only special they had during the world cup was $3.00 Bloody Mary's.  It's not worth the price, lacks atmosphere, and poor quality food.
4	Like the atmosphere, being surrounded by TV's. Pretty good selection of food.  Karaoke night is always a big hit. :) Monday night FB is a great night to go also if you want atmosphere.
4	Ate outside on the patio.  that was so much better than inside.  Sweet tater fries and club sandwich were delish.  hubby has oysters and enjoyed every one.  Service was fine.  I'm not much on sports bar atmosphere so would not go if I couldn't sit outside.
2	This place epitomizes generic. I've been unlucky enough to be dragged here at least 3 or 4 times by one of my girlfriend's friends and every time is the same blur of aging yuppies and redneck douchebags.The whole place screams of suburbian blandness; down right to the food and the wall decor. They do have a decent beer selection but 99% of the patrons stick to light beers or some other cocktail.Overall, it's not painful but not an ounce of originality or individuality here.
4	Enjoyed patio dining at lunch today.  The turkey wrap with apple cider vinegarette and sweet tater fries are so very good.  Service was wonderful from our server to the manager making sure we were well taken care of.
2	[Southern Accent]Feller Yelpers,This place was conveniently located near our plant in the Charlotte Industrial Park area.  Well, not that close, about a few minutes down the road.  This seemed llike a new spot and myself and my colleagues decided to give it a go.Upon entering I was immediately taken back by the genericism (new word?) presented in this establishment.  It was spacious and open, however it lacked a certain [/Southern Accent][French Accent] je ne sais quoi[/French Accent][Southern Accent].  The walls were empty when comparing it to the absurd amount of paraphernalia found on the most generic of decorated walls at Applebee's (blech!).  So it was neither too much nor too little, the decoration was just bland.There were however an obscene amount of TVs in this place.  I counted around 25 big screen TVs.  I suppose the budget went all to the TVs instead of any other decorative item.  This place has a sign outside with a dress code.  It was very misleading since it lead me to believe that this would be more or less an upper scale tavern with a sports bar feel.  Boy was I wrong.  This place was trying too hard.We were all treated extremely well by our server.  Had we decided to play our hypothetical game of drinking a shot for each time that our waitress said "y'all" we would have been obliterated by the time the appetizers came out.  If I had a dollar for each time someone said "y'all", I could have paid for my entire lunch.  I would go on, but these are getting old quick.Anyway, onto the food.  I ordered a Smothered Chicken entree (see my photo) which came with veggies and a fruit salad.  The chicken was good, there was nothing special about it.  The vegetables were drowned in butter.  I guess everything is drowned in butter in these bars.  It kind of defeats the purpose of ordering veggies.  The fruit salad tasted bland.  Overall, a very bland meal and atmosphere.I would reluctantly recommend Hickory Tavern as a quick lunch bite for work breaks.  Perhaps the bar area would be a good place to sit and chill during games.  Therefore, unless you enjoy generic sports bars/taverns with gratuitous amounts of "y'all" being thrown around, I suggest you pass this one over for another option.Later y'all.[/Southern Accent]
4	Super crowded, but a good place to watch football as they have a nice setup to watch all the games simultaneously along one wall atop the bar.Even though it was super busy, the server was still able to keep track of me and let me order (even though I was late).  Props to good service.Probably a good bet I will be back to watch some more football or any other sporting events.
3	Super crowded sports bar in South Charlotte, nearly over the border into South Carolina. This is a great place for Sunday NFL football - they have a boatload of large screen TV's and they're labeled so that you know which one to sit at before the game starts in order to best root for your team.Not everyone here is a Panthers fan, so you're bound to find a few cheeseheads and (embarrassed) dolfans in the crowd.Beer specials and bar food nibbles. Their "Tavern Chips" rock - freshly fried thin-sliced potato chips with a spicy ranch dressing for dipping. They'll be gone before you know it. Which was just in time for my Reuben to arrive. A little on the greasy side (melted cheese and grilled bread, I shouldn't be surprised) but well loaded with corned beef and kraut. Ugh, more fries. Somehow, I ate them all. Oops.Huge bar with dozens of different draft beer options and a huge selection of bottled. Of course, the usual full bar offerings if you want some sort of girly drink with fruit in it.
3	They have plenty of TVs.  The beer selection is long and the food is average.  It was weird - with all the TVs on and several football and basketball games on, they were playing easy listening modern pop on the overhead speakers - really?Good for beer - eat the food only after you get that buzzed hunger going on...
4	Very nice and honest staff! Not only did they stay on the phone with me when I was lost getting there, they returned my ID and another friends wallet in the same night. Great food and drink prices!!!! I would recomennd the salmon!! Only downfall is the mixed drinks are on the weak side...but the bartender has no problem remaking a drink =)
4	This place has the best salad. How can you go wrong when you can build your own.
2	Decent food but so freaking loud. Not even worth going back.
2	After many trips to Hickory Tavern over a few years, I will say I love the oysters for 69 cents on Thursdays, as well as the salads, and the veggie burger. And, we have had good service on numerous occasions. But, we have also had terrible service several times. I rarely see a manager, and at this point, I am pretty fed up.Out here in Steele Creek, there are not many dining or pub choices, and I and my circle enjoy cold beer and oysters, so, yes, we have been to Hickory Tavern many times.Once,  were charged 50 cents for barbecue sauce (as a substitute for mayo/ketchup/mustard on a burger), and they refused to budge when we questioned it. A small thing, but annoyingly petty, in my opinion. Another time, they suddenly changed their Thursday beer special, and although someone in our party had asked the price, and the waitress misquoted it, we were all charged a higher price for our beers. I asked the waitress about it and she said that the price had JUST changed in the computer, and asked if I wanted her to take the difference out  of her tips. No, really, she actually asked me that. On a separate trip -- we decided to go back, but just make sure we were not in that particular waitresses' section -- a friend ordered the new flat bread with kalamata olives. It arrived with no olives, and the sliced tomato on top was pink (like salmon). My friend barely tasted it, and said it was inedible. The waitress never checked on us, and so I shared my sandwich with my friend. So she could eat! When the young waitress finally came back by the table, she asked if my friend needed a box for her pizza. My friend said no, and asked her to just take it off the bill, and they did. Which I guess was one of the classier things they have done, in my experience. The final straw was when we went ANOTHER TIME (unbelievable, I know) and ordered beers at a table in the bar area, and then waited, and waited, and waited. No drinks. Finally, we just left. It was not busy.These days, it's hard to justify spending money to drink average, domestic beer and eat bar food out. If we're going to be treated poorly, I would rather save my money, drink better beer at home, and cook. I miss the decent,, independent restaurants and sweet little dive bars in the area in which I used to live, closer to uptown. Unfortunately, I guess these kind of places are often what you get out in the burbs. It's too bad.
5	Great place!!!
4	Hello friends,Short and sweat. I've only came to this location in my small search for some descent oysters. Word on the streets is that they serve up a pretty descent oysters. Also, they have 69 cent oysters on Thursdays. Would have been nice if someone would have mentioned that in previous reviews. Would have saved me a trip. No worries I went through it so no other Yelper will have to. Thank me later. In short, I didn't close the deal on the oysters but at least I now know to come after 4pm. They do have OMB on tap. And a dang good Rib-eye special. TTFN
3	I don't usually write reviews about places like Hickory Tavern, but hey what the hell?!  This is your typical chain sports bar situation with the big TVs, the beers, and the random pop music in the background.  It's a bit nicer and pricier than some of the other sports bars, but at the end of the day it gives you essentially the same things.  There are locations all over the Charlotte area, and I assume they are all just about the same.  My favorite thing about the joint is that I always know what to expect.  The food is always solid, the service is pretty good, and there are food/drink specials.  If we are looking to have a couple beers and watch a game, this is the place we go.  In terms of the food, the burgers are good and they also do some decent shrimp and oysters.This place went up a notch in my book recently when it finally got on board with the local craft beer scene and started carrying NoDa and Birdsong to go along with Olde Meck.  Better late than never.  So, if you are fellow Southwest Charlottean in search of local beer, you can add this place to your list of options! Pretty good, but not great.  That about sums it up.
1	One and Done.  Never again.  Expectations were minimal, yet still managed to dissapoint.  I thought I played it safe by getting boneless wings and fries, but that did not work out in my favor.  The wings and fries were sitting in a pond of oil.  The wings were so oily I matted them down with paper towels and the paper towels were soaked through the same way a napkin on a greasy pizza would be.  It was gross.  Service was well below average as well.
4	Good California Chix sandwich and Carolina Burger.  They serve sandwiches "dry", so you have to add condiments.  And they are shy with the ketchup!
3	Mark of a good restaurant that is trying?  They handle problems quickly.  A group of us went Saturday night.  I ordered wings with sweet potato fries and guacamole.  When the food arrived, the wings were cold and there was no guac.  When I asked, I was told that they were out of guac.  Had I not asked, would I have been told?  I hate to complain to wait staff but my wife mentioned the wings.  To their credit, they did bring me a fresh batch nice and hot.One knock, they brought our food out in 3 waves over a 3-4 minutes period.  Those served first had that awakard "do I start eating" look.  Haha.
3	Overall a decent place. The atmosphere was better than the food. This would be a great place to watch sports, especially football on Sundays. I would go back again even though the food prices are higher than expected.
3	Service waz good, coulda been better. The food that i got wasn't really good. Super saturated with oil. Gave me one hell of a stomach ache. Only been there twice, so maybe 3rd time's the charm.
4	Absolutely love the build your own salad.   Great safe atmosphere.  The manager always walks around and checks on you. Makes you feel good.   Staff is always nice and pretty accurate with their orders.
4	Good service, always friendly but today every beer Donnie has order they do not have. :-(
2	This place needs a serious customer service/staff overhaul. My mom and I visited on a Saturday night this past weekend. It was not very crowded at all (no sports were really on). We got sat ordered our food and 30 mins later we FINALLY got it. Again, the place was NOT busy. The kitchen or the server forgot to put in my order. Did they apologize? Nope. Were just very factual that it would be coming out soon. Manager did a quick walk by and said the same thing. Oh and my food...was an appetizer. 30 mins for an appetizer. But the thing that just was so ridiculous was that all the servers were doing their closing work at the table across from ours. Which also happened to be right next to the entrance. Why would the manager have them sit so close to the door? And as they were rolling silverware, two of them dropped on floor. One girl goes, "you know you can't use those now" and the other girl was responded that she knew that. But the first girl then said "Well not everyone who works here does." - so that was interesting.But because we got to sit across from them, I also got to hear all about their sex lives. Who was sleeping over at a guys house, and then someone else who decided her date wasn't getting any action. Sit the employees in a different place, re-train them on etiquette when food is late, what's sanitary and what's appropriate to talk about in front of customers. I will be going somewhere else next time.
1	Oh Hickory Tavern how you were a big disappointment!  We went here last night as our power went out once we got home from work and needed something for dinner, as well as a place to hang out since the power was estimated to come back on around 9 p.m.The inside of Hickory Tavern is nice, but I feel like there are better setups with tables and tvs at other sports bars.  I think it could be a good go to option for watching a sporting event in the bar area, not the dining area.The food, this is why you get a star Hickory Tavern.  Plenty of food options, but why bother if it is crap?  I can't speak for it all, but I have no desire to go back because of what I had.  I tried the philly steak sandwich with peppers, onions, and cheese.  The steak was so incredibly bad.  I had a bite or two and was done.  It reminded me of the frozen shaved beef you can find at the grocery store, but with an outdated and old flavor.  It was so bad, I do not think I have had anything as bad as that sandwich.  I would rather force myself to eat brussel sprouts.  Kevin had the fish taco and buffalo chicken taco, just okay.Would rather drive to another area of Charlotte to go to another sports bar than go back to HT.
4	Food was good, almost always is. Can be pricey,  watch for all the costly upgrades. Lots of TV's which is great!   Felicia was an awesome waitress. Vodka & red bull $10 tall glass ouch
1	Worst service and food I have ever had and I've lived in Charlotte all my life and have a high standard of service. Don't waste your money . The bartender was more concerned about smoking cigarettes and serving an old roomate than waiting on my husband and I . I  always tip st least 20% or more since my husband is a restaurant manager. McDonald's has better customer!
4	My wife and I really like this place. Its a casual atmosphere, friendly wait staff, good food. The manager is very knowledgeable about local beers and even made me a custom beer flight. They have a big selection of local draft beers. Wings are good, burgers excellent, good deserts. I've never had a bad meal here. I've only sat in the bar area. I've been 6 or 7 times and the service and food always consistently good.
3	Great layout and location. Great bar setup and amount of tv's for watching football. It is the place to be down in SW Charlotte for Sunday football. Con's: You will not get out of this place for less than $70 a couple if you plan to watch some games, eat and drink. $70 is probably low balling it too. I just wish they had better beer prices, something like a domestic beer for $2 during games would be great. Also the menu prices are steap $12 for a burger is a bit over the top. The only reason my friends and I opt to go to another place instead is strictly due to price. Have a special Sunday football menu or something that would go along ways I think.
3	Standard Chain bar affair.  If your looking for somewhere to eat and have ample tv's to glare at, this fits the criteria.  The setup is very similar to all the other sportsbar/dark eatery's (fox hound, kilts, etcs).    I got a domestic beer for about $4.50 and chicken tacos for about ~$10. The food wasn't on the cutting edge of a food tasting experience, but they were still tasty.One word that sums up Hickory Tavern is consistency. They are consistently okay, which isn't bad.
4	My husband and i drove past on a Friday night and decided to stop in. So glad we did! Fun, casual atmosphere and a super friendly staff. The manager came and talked/checked in on us several times. We ordered the chicken and rice, which was very flavorful and an order of wings (which were pretty decent for people from Buffalo!) A solid experience...we will definitely be back!
4	I have never really liked Hickory Tavern until we came to this location! Every time we visit this one the service is amazing (Staff is friendly, Mgmt checks in on your meals). When we have guests from out of town, we now always end up choosing Hickory Tavern SteeleCroft! Fave items to order are the Crab Dip, Salmon BLT and Tacos!
5	For a chain restaurant with expected bar fare, Hickory Tavern has a good, diverse menu and everything is always good.  The manager ALWAYS comes around and asks how you are and genuinely seems to be doing things rather than standing around as you see in a lot of these places.  The wait staff is always courteous and spot on.  I have had Felicia wait on my party twice in the last couple weeks and she is outstanding - friendly, helpful and expedient.
1	First timein. Last time. Not impressed.  Started off with waitress not knowing what an import draft was I. E. Sam Adams , Goose Island. Hello. Any training going on here.  No enthusiasm.  Ordered wings steak Philly my wide ordered chicken salad sandwich. Wings had no sauce on them. Steak Philly was terrible.  Minced meat on a roll not much cheese. Wifes chicken salad was huge chunks of chicken. No seasoning. Oh yeah onion rings were hard as a brick. How Fricken hard is it to make Orings from scratch?  Been in this businesses 35+yrs. It's amazing how you can serve crap and still pack the place. Oh yeah the manager never came over to say a word to us or any other table. But he did have time to ST and schmooze one guest for 15 minutes.  Never again.
2	Food was ok; atmosphere was miserable.  We felt rushed, our order was wrong, our server was rude.  All around just could have had a better experience.
1	Order steak and baked potato. Potato was hard as a rock inside. Told waitress 5 minutes later bring back same potato split in half in a bowl. All they did was microwave it. I asked her if that was what they did. She said yes.. Still was not done. I asked here why would they not give me a new one. She stated they are out. I was sitting by kitchen door and watched at least 7 plates come out with baked potato on them after they brought my back out.
