1	I went in to purchase overalls and was treated so rudely I had to walk out even though he had the item I wanted.  I will never step foot in this placec of business again.
4	I recommend this store if you're wanting quality long-lasting technical apparel (like Tru-Spec shorts and pants). Yes the store is packed with all kinds of stuff, but you'll find everything from urban messenger bags to gas masks! This isn't a casual visit type of store. Be prepared to have a conversation with an interesting human being who appreciated politeness and manners and will return them in kind. Prosper has a big heart and tells it like it is. That's one of the reasons I return, he makes it fun and interesting. He's given me 10% off my purchases several times, saving me $30 and more (he didn't have to do that). And upon hearing I have a brain damaged brother, he said "What size is your brother?" then grabbed two Dickie t-shirts off the rack and said "Take these to your brother, no charge."  What other store would ever do that?  I'm not in the military, I go to Mad Man Army for desert camping and outdoor gear & apparel that will last... and for Prosper.
1	Giant Army Truck out front, really cool. Windows are shuttered and you can't tell if they are open or closed. Went around back to the main door. Also shuttered and no hours of operation sign. Guys want to shop after work, you need to stay open later and figure out a way to let people know that you are in the building. I ended up driving up to Sportsman's Warehouse and spent a boat load of $. I did go in Mad Man shortly after they opened. I spent 10 minutes trying to figurine out the pricing on gas masks and no one came around to see if they could help me.  Prices were nothing to write home about. Get it together before it is too late.TC
5	You can find almost anything that you want and the owner is AWESOME. He's helpful and funny. Don't let his gruff exterior scare you away. He'll help you and give you advise on everything in the store. He's old school, which is great. He treats you with respect and expects the same in return. Seems fair to me. This is the ONLY place that I shop for these specialty items.
5	Great place to stop and shop. From Ammo Can to Creepers, Khakis to Fedoras. I'm sure you'll find something you can't live without.
