5	This place is awesome! The coffee is fantastic. The staff is super friendly, they have comfy seating, plenty of room and free wi-fi. You're made to feel comfortable like it's your neighborhood cafe even if you're a first timer.The service is wonderful here. I plan to keep coming back any time I'm in the area, I wish they had a better location, though.It's the perfect place to wait and enjoy some R&R if you're picking someone up from the airport and really it's just a fantastic little place all together.
5	Perfectly relaxing ambiance with artistic decor. Friendly staff. Tasty food (had the delicious Turkey BLT today). Wonderfully balance cup of cafe latte (soy and vanilla flavor available).They also have a drive-thru option if you're in a hurry.
2	I have come here twice, the first time I came here I got a blended coffee drink that wasn't terrible but wasn't memorable either... then the next time I came I got a sandwich that was pretty good but I could of made the same thing at home.... the staff is friendly though.. but I won't be going back....
3	I purchased the Yelp deal and wasn't able to use it; none of the staff even knew about it. It wasn't a huge deal at the time (though it really would have been nice to use!), but I will be pretty upset if it expires.
1	Awful. The sweat panted ( hey put a little effort in to it ) crabby ( if you you think your job sucks find a different one ) ' barista' ( being able to work an espresso machine is not that much more difficult than a mr coffee) at least gave me some fodder for crappy service reviews. Lazy, dirty, and angry is no way to garner tips. I didn't drink the coffee afraid she spit in it.
1	The staff sucks beyond rude. Shouldn't be in business. Don't know how to make drinks. Don't waste your time or money going to this place. The nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds.
3	It is a coffee shop. also sells yogurt. WiFi did not work. If you need your fix it is better than nothing
3	They have a 6-8, bogo deal that was fun but my drinks always came out watery (I order iced mochas and lattes) and never really tasted right. Then they opened at 6:30 which is right after I would be leaving for work so now I never stop, Even though they are literally 10 steps from my apartment. Food is ok. Nothing super impressive. The ice cream is ok as well. Hard to want to go there when there are other options with better quality. I have never had issues with the staff. They do seem welcoming at the drive thru. Now, I drive about 7 miles in the opposite direction to moka, or if I have some time, manna cafe.
