2	THE GOOD:  Tortillas...soft, light, oozing with freshness...its all about the tortillas at Carolina's...and looking straight over the food counter into the kitchen where the cooks are lovingly tossing and stretching each piece of dough by handTHE AVERAGE:  Bland decor and cafeteria style furniture  that they seem to have inherited from previous incarnation of this locationTHE UGLY:   The fillings here have flavors so subtle (bland) that I couldn't taste much...looking around at the packed dining room, I thought may be I ordered the wrong thing...so I kept ordering...by the end of the meal I ate my way through the green corn tamale, the foot-long burro with house made chorizo, the machaca burro, the soft taco machaca and the green chile burro...I'm sad to report that  I couldn't find any tasty filling in all thatI wanted to like this place, but in the end, can't find a reason to come back.
4	I was craving this place so I was happy from the minute I parked the car.  I had the 2 tacos, rice and beans.  The rice and beans were fabulous, the tacos were so-so, but still filled my craving.  What I really wanted were chips and guacamole because I saw some other people eating them and they looked divine.  Anyhow, I plan to go back and try more items off the menu.  But for the most part, I was pretty happy.1/27/08-- the chips deserve 5 stars ohhhh the chips!!!!!!!!  I had the cheese enchilada's last night, not good. 1 star
5	I love this place!  I'm a creature of habit so I can only speak on a few different menu items.  I always order a bean and potato burro (hold the cheese) and a bean tostada (again, hold the cheese).  If I'm getting the order To-Go I always order extra hot sauce on the side.  Neither of the items come with hot sauce.  Sometimes, I order a package of tortilla's to take home.  Anyway, I've been there enough times to say that I really love it.  The employee's are ALWAYS nice and always seem to be doing their particular responsibility well.  Nine times out of Ten, the place is packed... so be prepared.  Also, they are not open on Sundays and are closed on holidays and sometimes a day or two before and after holidays.
3	I frequent Carolina's mostly for their breakfast fare and occasionally to buy tortilla's to take home.  They have reasonably fast service even when busy.  I like their Machaca and Chorizo with eggs...  I don't care for their addition of mashed potatoes so I get it straight.
4	Breakfast, lunch or dinner this is one of my all time favorites in the valley for true mexican food. Nothing fancy .. you'll find only the basics. Order at the counter, sit down & wait for your number to be called then enjoy your meal on paper plates or in a styrofoam container. The chorizo or machaca & egg burritos for breakfast are very tasty and I enjoy everything on the menu for lunch/dinner.This place would be 5 stars on my list if it 1) was open on Sundays and 2) served beer.
5	Love it.  The tamales are great, the tacos and tostadas are simple and satisfying, the menu is straightforward and cheap.  Only flaw is it being closed on Sundays.  Highly recommended, especially if fast and cheap are priorities.
4	I am shocked at how few people give this place five stars. Carolina's is the most authentic Mexican food you will find not on a taco truck. They make the tortillas by hand but they don't use lard so they are good but not like the real thing. The beef tacos are wonderful, the red chile burro, and the oaxaca special are my fav's. The 3 way burro is also great. If you are into chimi's they all rock. I read one review that said the food had no flavor, well I hate to think maybe that person was sick and lost his taste buds. I have never had bad food here, actually it is consistently delicious. I always get my food to go because the dining area is nasty. It is always so crowded and hard to find a spot clean enough for me to want to eat at.
4	Cheap, fast, and tasty.  The potato and egg burrito is awesome for breakfast. It's light and fresh not greasy and rubbery.   Had a few other items here before, the tamale was good but messy and not put together very well. The tortillas are very good, but I hear they're "authentic" and made with butter/lard or something like that.Good breakfast or lunch spot. The inside is pretty big and cafeteria style looking.
3	Some of the best flour tortilla's in town.. food is about the same as any 'berto's around the valley. Which is fortunate 'cause I don't mind 'berto's. Green chile is pretty darn good here.. do it up in a foot long burrito with a horchata and you're good to go!
5	Count us in for a #5 Combo, a Oaxaca Special & two hard tacos....maybe some chips and salsa to go!Best Mexican fast food around..and cheap!Always busy at lunch, but they get through the orders in a timely manner.  Seating can be tricky, so have one order and another stalk tables! :)You can park behind the place and walk through the back door....little FYI.
5	Amazing mexican!! Couldn't believe the quality difference of mexican food here than compared to the NE. Really good! Try the enchilada and tamales and im sure you will like the hot sauce!@!  great thumbs up all the way
5	Call ahead for faster service.  #15 flauta special is very good.  Excellent salsa, tortillas, chips.  If you are feeling especially decadent, order the butter tortilla, heaven.  #9 crunchy tacos with beef are also a favorite.  This place is fortuanetly, or unfortuanetly, 2 minutes from my house.  It is addicting.  No fuss, just good authentic mexican food.
5	Why can't I give Carolina's SIX stars? I L-O-V-E this place and, if I could come to terms with being 500+ lbs and seriously reducing my life span, I would eat here twice a day. The Number 3 is where I go every time....taco, enchilada, AND tostada.....plus one of their amazing parachute-sized tortillas to compliment the meal. Their salsa is addicting, as well, and I go through a minimum of 6 small cups per meal. Another thing I love about Carolina's is that they haven't sold their soul to the soft drink corporate incentive gods....i.e. they have BOTH Coke and Pepsi products (as well as some exciting punches!).....way to give your patrons what they want! Lastly, if you ever want to cheer yourself up or just throw an impromptu party at your cubicle, go to their main website ( www.carolinasmex.com ) and let the sweet music brighten your day. I dare you not to smile!
4	The best tortillas this side of the border. Green chili was very good, with a little kick but not too muchPrice and service we good.The place was super busy but kept clean and kept em moving.
5	I read somewhere today that Carolina's uses a ton of lard in cooking their tortillas and I say... awesome.  Use whatever you have to Carolina's but keep that taste sensation coming.  My normal order, because I can't bear to be at Carolina's and not have this, is the green machaca burro, add potatoes.  And it's amazing.  Every single flipping time, it's amazing.I'm really happy I just ate (unfortunately non-Carolina's) or else I would be seriously tempted to abandon work and drive the 8 miles for that burro right now.
5	Normally, I wouldn't give 5 stars to a place this loud, chaotic, and not exactly spotless.  But it is the day before Christmas Eve and half the city was in there buying tortillas, tamales, etc, including yours truly.Of course, I had to have lunch too.  I had the 3-way burro (red, green, bean) so that I wouldn't have to choose which way to go.  All I can say is that if this what a 3-way is about, I'm in Mr and Mrs Carolina, and bring enough tortillas to cover a king-sized bed!  Those are damn good too.I seriously need to find a reason to be in this part of town more often.  Oh, and some may have heard me gripe about so-called "cheap" Mexican food.  This really is cheap.  Tacos for $1.75, $3.25 for a burro, and I found a penny in the parking lot!
5	Almost as ghetto as the original, Carolina's (North [as we call it]) offers amazing and cheap Mexican food-the greasy, cheesy kind-and their tortillas are the best in town. Their signature (red) hot sauce is great, but not many people know you can get tasty green hot sauce or tastier pico for a small fee.
4	I'm quite happy to have stumbled onto Carolina's North for some really good Mexican eats. Is this place worth all the five stars I've seen? Nah, but for now it is a very solid 4 stars.I had a chicken taco, a tamale and a chorizo with potato burrito and they tasted very good. This helped me overlook the things I'm not that keen about the place ... crazy atmosphere during busy times, dive-ish good looks and hard to get tables during the rush.I'm sure to find my way back here whenever I'm in town! Really good cheap eats!
2	I'm from Texas, and I love tex-mex, which probably makes me a little harsher on this place than others would be.  The ambiance is perfect.  Exactly what you would expect from this kind of place.  Quick, cheap, easy.  The styrofoam containers everything is served in and the plastic silverware it comes with is a nice touch, too.But the food is a little lacking.  I had the cheese enchilada combo and the rice and beans were excellent.  The actual enchiladas though...left something to be desired.  I don't know what it was, but they just tasted...funky.  Like they had been cooked in my old gym sneakers.  After I ran a 5k.  With athlete's foot.Now maybe the cheese enchiladas are an aberration.  Maybe I have a different idea of what kind of greasy Tex-Mex I can expect out here.  Who knows.  My experience here was just not that great--which makes me very sad.  I really wanted to like this place.
4	Really good and cheap Mexican food fast! Love their enchiladas, green chile burritos and tamales....all for under $5 each! Their salsa is hot and their tortillas are homemade and so yummy!And although I love the Mohave location, this one is much closer to my neighborhood and it is much easier to park here. Plus it is larger which makes the "survival of the fittest" vibe a little less pronounced!Yummy!
3	You better know what you want by the time you reach the front of the line because this place operates like a hustle and bustle fast food joint where all the food is prepared to go even if you order it for here.  I dined in, but it was obvious that most of their business is to go.Rather simple menu which is fine, and I thought the tostadas and bean & potato burro was pretty good, considering how simple these items are.  Potato was rather soft, refried beans were smooth, and tortilla was above average.  On the whole, it was very affordable, and it's always good to offer tortillas to go by the dozen.I'm sorry folks but I'm just not feeling the butter tortilla.  Of course butter is probably good on anything, but this just didn't do it for me.They could offer more substantial serving ware for those dining in.   You would think they would have served the tostada open faced for dining in, but it too was neatly packed up to go.Table and floor cleanliness wasn't up to par either.  Maybe that's another of their ways of telling you to please just order to go?
5	As you can obviously see by all the GREAT reviews, Carolina's is the TOP for quick Mexican Food. Every time I go there the place is packed WALL TO WALL with people! yet you STILL get in-and-out in about 5-10 mins TOPS! I'm the type who LOVES the occasional Filiberto's, but ever since I've gone to Carolina's I haven't stepped FOOT inside another mexican "fast food" restaurant again! Try it and you WILL love it!
3	I almost feel bad giving this place 3 stars considering all the good reviews that it has.  The food is pretty good here, but it's just not great.  I finally decided to trek out to Carolina's after hearing so many good things about it.  I ordered the chorizo and bean burrito with 2 red beef tamales.  It didn't take long to get my order, which was nice since I was hungry like the wolf.  The burrito was decent.  The chorizo was spicy but that was about all that could be said for it.  The tamales were actually fairly tasty.  Though the red chile I asked for was sadly missing.For a quick-stop mexican food place, it's very good.  I'd certainly go there for a bite before most of the other places I've tried out here.  That being said, it's exactly what you expect of it.  It's not gourmet, new, or exciting, but it is a good solid meal.
3	I love the tortillas here, and as everyone else has said, it's very quick, but I was disappointed with the machacha and egg burrito which had very little taste.  Also, the salsa just didn't do much for me.  The enchilada and taco combo I ordered a different time was only ok.  I like the refried beans.  Overall, it's good but not great Mexican food.
4	this is some first rate mexican food. everything from the tortillas to the beans are fantastico here.... and the prices are great as well... if you are ever in the area and craving some good mexican food look no further.
4	This place is D Licious. I haven't had a bad meal yet. It reminds me of two pesos that used to be in old town in the early 90's. Their tortillas are extraordinary and their beans taste like bacon. For a fast Mexican restaurant place I would say this is the best one. Did that make any sense? Either way try Carolinas , you won't regret it.
4	So my mom came into town last night and after a night of drinking at Finnegan's, my belly was asking for a tasty Carolina's burrito. My mom was impressed with the homemade tortillas and enjoyed two green tamales, a chorizo burrito and coffee. Hubby ordered chorizo, egg and cheese burrito, that disappeared in minutes. My taste bud enjoyed each and every bite of my potato, egg and cheese burrito......like a bite of heaven. The bill was super cheap, 15 for three people! We left full and smiling.
4	Finally, excellent mexican food in the north valley.  Oh, Carolina's food is so good.  Starting with the tamales, both beef and green corn, which are so flavorful and cooked perfectly.  My litmus test for a mexican restaurant is red chile, and Carolina's is nice and spicy with lots of flavor.  But their tortillas are amazing.  Better than some home made I've had.  Just try one with butter and you'll have to fight chewing off your arm when the butter runs down it.  No forks needed; just a tortilla.It can get really crowded during prime dinner time.  Mostly people waiting for take out that make it hard to maneuver in the back part of the restaurant.  Often there's a wait for a table too.  There are only about 15-20 small tables or so.  They usually keep the dining area pretty clean, and the kitchen is wide open so you can easily see that they keep it very clean and organized.My one and only complaint is the freezing cold temp they keep it in there.  The air was ice cold in the summer, but they're still running the air conditioning ice cold in late November.  I wear a coat so as not to let the cold distract from the feasting.Having Carolina's in this part of town is a godsend.  Yeah, I know it's been here a while and I'm late to the party.  So I guess I have a lot of tortillas to catch up on.
5	just go in and order a dozen tortillas and you will be the happiest person on earth... their bean burritos are to die for as well...
5	Great food and great prices. Authentic menu items and tortillas are amazing (can even be bought in bags "to go")
5	This is our favorite place for Mexican food currently. My all-time favorite is Carlos O'Briens, but it's too far of a drive when you just want some takeout.The beans are phenomenal, as are the chicken chimichangas and homemade tortillas. I have never had a bad meal here and I've gone at least a dozen times. My only complaint was that the outstanding tortillas are way too big: storage is a real problem and there invariably ends up being too much leftover tortilla when making a reasonably-sized burrito with them.The atmosphere is Filiberto's but the fare is worth it.
3	I was so looking forward to coming back here after our last time in Arizona.  I'm afraid I would have rather gone to any of the other ***o's in town.  The tacos were ok, not the best shredded beef tacos that the area has to offer.  The star of the menu would be the cheese enchiladas.  Their enchilada sauce is especially complex and tasty.  I wasn't so thrilled about the chicken enchiladas though.  To reiterate what some of the other reviewers have mentioned, the fillings were bland and maybe a little bit overcooked.
1	BOO!!!! If i had the opportunity to give this place a HUGE ZERO I would.  This place is not only disgusting it hires the stupidest people to work their front register. I figured 4 stars from Yelp this place cant be bad.  As Shane does not eat beans he simply ordered a steak burrito with NO beans, he even asked the chick at the front counter if it had beans inside and she said no.  Why did we end up with a soggy chimichanga and a bean burrito when we got all the way home?  Their salsa taste processed like pace or cheap. The soggy chimichanga was wet and not flavor full.  The man was not able to eat anything as his whole order was messed up resulting in all beans.  I was able to salvage the chicken from the soggy chimichanga and fed it too the dogs.  At least they did not go hungry.
4	Best tortillas in town! I like the green chile burro.
5	This places is miles above the Filiberto's, Ariberto's, or any other widget-bertos that you come across in the great state of AZ. Like many of the reviews have said, the tortillas are soft and chewy and thoroughly delicious. I work right around the corner from this place, and it is incredibly crowded at lunchtime. May fav is the bean and potato burrito - just the tastiest thing. I know you are thinking - potato? In a burrito... but it's good I promise!I have a very sensitive stomach.. this might be TMI but my friends always make fun of "Grandma" that can't eat at crappy food establishments.. i.e. Jack 'n the Box because "remember that one time we went there and then went straight to Disneyland? Michelle almost lost it on Space Mountain!"I can't eat at a lot of mexican joints that will "tear you up" as my guy friends say... and this place doesn't do that! So, for that, you get 5 stars Carolinas!
2	Yet another Mexican fast food place made popular by people with no taste buds or basic food knowledge. YAY! I should have knowk by the customer base to turn around and walk right back out the door instead of waiting in line. I need to learn to go with my gut more but no I thought I'd give it a chance and people kept annoying me about the tortillas here. They are giant thin and not even fully cooked tortilla's, so what's so good about them again!?!?! The menu here is pretty damn BORING!! Some basic ass Mexican fare which in some parts of the country none of these items even exist! Just a guess but maybe just maybe some of you were high before going up in this Carolina North!?!? My Ma had a green chile burro it was THE worst ever congrats!! It barely had any meat in it or green chile!!! That's right it was a "green chile" burro made with maybe a teaspoon of actual green chile the rest was basically gravy. Not the good kind either I mean a lot of flour and water mixed in to the sauce that it was not even green it was gray!! GROSS!! A gravy burro doesn't sound too appetizing now does it?!?! The green chile burro gets -1 star here people. I had the cheese enchiladas w rice and beans. The rice was quite edible not burnt or crunchy but surprisingly fresh tasting and moist. I would eat it again if I had too the beans were not bad either nothing spectacular. Last but not least the cheese enchiladas.....they were good, I ate them and I don't even like red enchilada sauce. Now if I was in the area of the original location I would probably give it another go for sure. This location not so much however there is a far better Mexican place up the road that serves way better options and ummm real Mexican food and I don't care if it's cheap here either.
2	I really don't understand why this place is so popular either. Shit filibertos is better than this place. And thats bad. This place is a couple blocks away from me so I have eaten here a few times. I was expecting at least a little bit of awesomeness from the yelp reviews but what I got was something I couldn't even finish. The tortillas aren't even that great, like laura said they seem a bit undercooked. This place also seems unnecessarily busy sometimes. The front cashiers seem to be very annoyed by that fact. Every time I have been here the front cashiers seemed to be annoyed teenagers who care less about getting your order right and more about clocking out.
1	For some reason, my in-laws and friends enjoy eating Carolinas Mexican food for take out and eat in.  Maybe it's because the tortillas are fresh, and are actually good, when they are fresh.  Do not be fooled by any other review of this place, the food is awful in so many ways:1.  So much salt! On the chips especially, but you can taste the sodium,   and probably MSG, in all the meals, and there is A LOT of it in there, trust me!2.  If the tortillas aren't fresh, they are rock hard and indigestible3. The beans are pureed to no end4.  They cover their boring flavors and terrible enchilada sauce with cheese.  Everything had cheese, cheese and more cheese!5.  Unfresh produce, with brown lettuce and mushy tomatoes. Never again will I eat at Carolinas Mexican food, it must be some of the most unhealthy food I have ever ingested, and if you care even one iota about your heart and your health, you probably should avoid this place at all costs!
2	I don't understand the fuss over this place. Yes, the tortillas are fresh and the family story is compelling, but my group agreed that the food was just OK, with a rather limited menu to boot. The restaurant interior itself is minimal bordering on unpleasant. Maybe the original location is better. We have no reason to return to this one.
3	I do enjoy going to Carolina's when I'm in the area. It is definitely a step above the fili-b's. I like some of the burritos they have such as the chicken burro. The tacos are good too. If you want a good but not expensive mexican takeout  place this is for you. I will go back and enjoy it!
5	I was so happy when they opened their North Phoenix location!  It's definitely a "styrofoam" kind of atmosphere, but sometimes that's how the best food comes.  You can buy fresh tortillas which are delicious, and their salsa should be a controlled substance because it is so addictive.  Some of their items are generic, but others are phenomenal.  My favorite are the crispy chicken tacos.  I could eat those every day.  The breakfast burritos are good too.  And if menudo is your thing, theirs is tasty.  If you have a lot of people to feed and not a lot of money, this place is a delicious option.
5	Carolinas is pure happiness.  I go there atleast once a week.  The tortillas are made fresh and the salsa is amazing.  There's not a single item on the menu that I don't enjoy eating.  For a great deal go with the #3 combo which comes with a tostada, enchilada, beef taco, rice and beans all under $5.50
4	We really like the food at Carolina's!  The prices are fair, not the cheapest mexican food you can get, but delish!  We like the wide variety on the menu..they also have a very large fountain drink selection, both pepsi and some coke products as well as other fountain drinks!  It has always been very busy when we have been there so we generally take it to go or try and grab a seat when someone gets up!
3	Great food. Get take out though...
3	Not the fanciest Mexican food place in town but overall pretty good. They are known for their fresh tortillas. I enjoyed the enchilada plate I got there very much.
5	Best tortillas in town!  Any burrito is fantastic as they use their famous house made tortillas.  And their salsa might be my favorite ever.  I usually get a double-wrapped burrito and then either a half or full dozen tortillas to take home with me.
5	I love this place...the shredded beef has been freshly prepared every time I go, the hardshell tacos are not the healthiest, but who eats Mexican for the health food! Love the hot sauce, love the place!
4	My husband and I LOVE Carolinas. I always crave it on Sundays (usually due to alcohol consuption the night before) and it is closed on Sundays, which is why it doesn't get 5 stars. :-) We typically order several servings so that we can eat Carolinas for days, especially Saturdays, so we can enjoy Carolinas on Sunday. My husband swears by the machaca burros and I love the bean tostadas or bean burros. Their breakfast burros, salsa, and tortillas are also wonderful! The only thing I don't love are their cheese enchilladas, because I don't like the enchillada sauce. Its not because it is bad, its just different from what I am used to. It is probably more authentic Mexican, than I am used to. Everything else is great and their staff is always friendly.Be prepared to wait for a while, because the line can be quite long.
1	The food and service is as shitty as it was the first time.. Actually even worse.
3	I was reasonably happy with the food here.  Ordered a beef chimichanga with rice and an extra tortilla on the side.  The chimi was just a little dry, with lightly seasoned shredded beef - probably could have used a little more of a kick, but it was ok.  Rice is rice - nothing out of the ordinary there.  The tortilla was piping hot, and was pretty good.  I don't know if it's really the best tortilla in Phoenix like they say, but I wasn't disappointed with it - just a little chewy and had a nice flavor.Including a drink and tax, it came to about $8.50, which was about right.  Overall, not something I'd go out of my way for, but I think I'd go back if the opportunity arises.  Plus you can get fresh tortillas to go for a good price, so I may just do that next time I'm cooking at home, instead of getting store-bought.
5	I have always been a fan of Carolina's, but the drawback was the original location was far from my home.  Now with Carolina's north I can take care of my cravings more often.  I am a creature of habit with Mexican food, its either chimichangas or burritos which are always wonderful. I have ordered take out when family comes to visit and everyone is always delighted with the food.  The venue itself is very casual and friendly. The only drawback is they are closed on Sunday, but then even the best have to rest
5	Carolina's is a classic local Mexican food spot in Phoenix, if you don't like it you probably suck!  It's not the atmosphere that makes this place great, although it is not terrible (actually pretty nice if you compare it to any other fast food joint).  It is not the service that makes this place awesome, although I never have waited more than a few minutes for my food.  I actually recommend calling in your order over the phone so you don't wait in line since the place is so popular many times you wait longer in line (think Chipotle at lunch time).  IT'S THE FOOD THAT MAKE'S THIS PLACE THE BEST!  The tortillas are homemade and I usually get a dozen to go.  The salsa is so flavorful, the re-fried beans are taste, the breakfast burritos are perfect, and I have gotten the rolled tacos, enchiladas, bean burrito, red chili burrito, taco, tostada, & tamale and never once was it ever less than great!  This place is as good as it gets and the prices are more than reasonable.
2	A fine place to pick up addictive Sonoran staples, or, if you dine in,  hepatitis.  I thought this was supposed to be the "nice" location, a step up from the gangland locale, but it's jammed with junkies, disgustingly dirty, with all the ambience of an Okie squatter's camp from "The Grapes of Wrath".The original on Mohave is cleaner, less crowded and even with bulletholes and security bars over the windows, really quite charming compared to this.
3	I have never been to Carolina's because I always thought it might be a mass production machaca beef fest...and I was right.  Never been a fan of overly braised beef stuffed, fried, or folded into a tortilla.But, I must say it's pretty good... Fresh tortillas are a big plus...salsa isn't too bad...beef tastes fresh...enchilada sauce is pretty good...rice and beans were great...chips are fresh, saw them frying them up out back...really pretty good food, helps that the price is right!!Come around 11am or after 1pm, lunch is packed, seating is limited, or just take it to go....they always package it that way anyways....
4	Dining at Carolina's always reminds me of how things can be just so right with the world, all without any extra trouble or fuss.  The place is always hopping with a bustling counter crowd, particularly after work with takeout orders.  Machaca (in anything) is moist and flavorful, and the tortillas are whisper thin, just the right amount chewy, and perfectly cooked - the perfect home to any conceivable filling combo.  Better yet, you can get tortillas by the dozen to take home and fill as you please.  Something to think about the next time you have guests over for margarita night and want to impress the socks off of them with nibbles.  Hatch chili cheese crisps anyone?This place is unequivocally not for people who want romance, candlelight, ambiance and serenades with their tortillas.  It's for people who like their aguafrescas in styrofoam cups, their red and green chile combos on plastic trays, and don't mind counter service and booth seating.  Basically, it's unfussy heaven.A caveat - come here for the tortillas more than the combo plates.  You can find better tamales and tacos all over the city, whereas the tortillas are the main attraction.  Treat it like going to a seafood restaurant and purposefully NOT ordering the steak.  To do otherwise would be silly, kids.
5	The tortillas are the best I have ever had, and the food is so good. Its my favorite.
3	During the hectic after Christmastime we decided to finally try much acclaimed mexican dining establishment. Here is our assessment:VALUE  excellentFOOD  goodATMOSPHERE  poorAs the meals we ordered were tasty, the restaurant was freezing (no heat) on a very cold 40 degree evening. Our food became cool and definitly ruined it's flavor. Also neither of us liked the thin tasteless hot sauce...not even as good as Taco Bell!!! Why not offer a variety of salsas.  The place was packed with hungry customers and the food and reasonable prices keep the folks coming in. Personally I think there is room for improvement.
5	My favorite Mexican food.  THE BEST BEAN BURRO ENCHILADA STYLE IN THE WORLD (yes I've tried them all)  Get the red enchilada sauce, and a tortilla on the side.
4	TORTILLAS.You order anything that comes in one of their delicious flour tortillas here and you can't go wrong.My absolute favorite is their egg and potato breakfast burrito. Eat it with their delicious spicy hot sauce and you can't go wrong. Oh how I wish they were open Sundays. It would be the PERFECT hangover breakfast.I have had their bean burrito which is okay. I'm not crazy about their beans. I have also had their cheese enchiladas which are not that great.My husband says their machaca beef is pretty good and their green chili pork.One of my favorite things to do for dinner for the fam is to order a dozen tortillas, and containers of their beans, rice, and green chili pork to-go, grill or saute some veggies, set out cheese and sour cream and let everyone go crazy. Easy, cheap, and tasty dinner.I can honestly say that sometimes I just crave their butter tortilla. Yep. Just a warm, soft tortilla smothered in butter and folded up. Excellent snack.
5	Fantastic food. I wish it was closer. The Machaca is always amazing. The salsa is like no other. Prices are good, too.
3	GREEN CHILE CHICKEN BURRO! AIYIYIYIYIYIYIYI! [/battlecry]Don't argue - it was featured in the Arizona Republic six years ago. This is the one place that I've remained a faithful customer to for the last 6 years. This is by far my longest love affair.This probably isn't real Mexican food, but who cares. You like Panda Express, don't you? You can't go wrong with the tacos, tostadas, and buttered tortillas. Don't forget to stock up the salsa. It's amazing. I've seen people fight to the death for this stuff. Really.
5	If you love crunchy tacos, this place is for you. The shells are so fresh you can taste the hot oil on them. Love them. Also prices are awesome for what you get!!  Give it a try.
5	Awesome Food and love the Christian Music playing also. Great job!
5	Carolina's is our new favorite for fast, cheap, spicy, awesome Mexican food.  How can you go wrong with homemade tortillas (they sell them by the dozen, cheap, and way better than what you'll get at the grocery store), chips, salsa, and my favorite, a red chile burro?  You can't.  The spice is perfect, hot but not overpowering of the flavor.  And 3 of us can eat for $20.  Where else can you get that kind of price with this kind of quality?  There's a reason we're regulars here!
5	The best machaca and flour tortillas anywhere!!!I'm craving a machaca burrito as I write this.  Unfortunately, they don't deliver to Kentucky!  I spent 90 days in Phoenix last year and 'discovered' Carolinas.  From that point on, I ate there at least 4 times a week.  Everthing on their menu was good to outstanding.  A caveat - this place is a total dive in a less than desirable part of the city.  But, it's close to downtown and my hotel.  When I departed, I brought back several dozen tortillas.
4	I am and always will be a fan of Carolina's. I've been to the Original location at 12th St and Mohave and within my family that's my favorite location but my parents and one of my brother's prefers this Carolina's. I think it's because it's open later and the neigborhood doesn't look too risky plus it looks cleaner. Anywho, Carolina's just has really good Mexican food, I like their Chimichangas, their burros, and their tortillas. OH their tortillas is one of the best in the Phoenix area, and is comparable to the tortilla shops in south tucson. I always get a chicken chimi with the works, and i'm always content. I also get myself a cheese quesadilla because the melted cheese in their buttery fluffy tortillas are outta this world. *yum* The drive to this Carolinas might be farther for me but it's a great alternative to the original location if you find yourself in north phoenix. Oh plus you can have dinner over here since they close at 8:30 or 9.
5	OMG!!! These tortilla's are off the hook!  I really enjoy going here for breakfast, nothing like taco's and cheese tortilla to start the day off.  My family can kill a dozen fresh tortilla's on the way home.  Better buy two to go.
4	Carolina's tortillas bring me back to the old neighborhood, walking down the street with a hand made, paper towel-wrapped tortilla, butter running happily down the forearm.  Siblings hovering around begging for a bite, but oh no, that was not  to be.  Good Times.  I do think Carolina's tortillas can be accurately labeled "authentic".Yes, yes, everything else is good too.  But when I've got the really good tortillas that are so hard to find, it's difficult for me to put much more thought than that into the rest of the meal.  Can Carolina's get horrendously crowded?  Can they get behind on cleaning up the dining area?  Yes, they can.  Do I care?  Nope.
4	I have been eatng at Carolinas for many a year when they only had the 1 shop on Mohave.  When I saw they were opening up on Cactus & Cave Creek,  I was very happy.  I would just like to add a few thoughts to the many reviews.  The consensus of myself and 3 friends that have lived in the valley for over 50 years is: #1 arguebly the best beans around #2 they do have the best tortillas and yes they should be a bit chewy.  The alternative is dry so they crack and leak, no way. #3 they have no salsa, they have hot sauce.  For me, way too garlicky, so I bring it home and docter it up to my liking.  Tacos are good, red and green chili better than average. chips over cooked, but better than tostitos.  Enchildas, better than av.  So all in all, its the beans that keep me coming back.  A mexican food rest. needs 4 things to be 5 star, Hot sauce, chips, flour tortillas and good beans.  Carolinas slips a bit on the hot sauce and chips hence the 4 stars.  "and thats the truth", Bob, Caio.
5	Look, you want authentic Sonoran style mexican food like Arizonan's are used to then Carolina's is the place.Best tortillas in town. LOVE the machaca, tamales, even the 2 beef taco combo!The place is constantly packed yet she can still afford to be closed on Sundays. Normally, that would be considered restaurant death but not for Carolina's. What better sign do you need?
3	After hearing my peeps talk this place up, I decided to try this place out when I was out an about the other day. I had the Muchacha Combo and a soft drink. The Muchacha included beef, refried beans, lettuce and rice and a large tortilla to roll your own burrito. The food was ok and very reasonably priced at under $8. There was plenty of seating at noon when I went on a Tuesday afternoon. I would definitely go back to try other menu items, but this place doesn't crack the regular lunch rotation.
5	Not all tortillas are made equal, and there is no question that Carolina's makes the best ones.  They're huge, not super greasy, and perfectly made so that they don't break even when they are overfilled with goodies inside.I'm partial to stuffing my tortillas with green chile and chorizo w/ potato, but even if you just fill those tortillas with only cheese, you've still got yourself a real treat.  Do yourself a favor and skip the Mission tortillas at the grocery store, and pick up a dozen at Carolina's!
1	Went to this place but different location for the third time, wonder what is the big deal???  Had shredded beef bland taco plate when indeed I ordered the crispy chicken tacos!  I complained about my order and told them I would take the beef because I did not have time to wait was due back at work.  They searched my order and found the chicken request was not included on my order...did not get a refund or credit either!  The food here looks good but it is bland and tasteless.  Being of mexican decent I know good tasting restaurant mexican food when I taste it and this place ceases to amaze me how bad their food is and all the people who love to go?  Its constantly crowded and over rated.  Service is not even good!  Will not waste my money, time or frustration here again.
5	Get a buttered tortilla it is incredible!  I like the green machaca, get the foot long it's worth the 90 cents.It's fast, cheap, and easy but it is good!  You can't find better inexpensive Mexican food.  The tortillas are to die for.
5	My guilty pleasure. Yummy and the price is right. Warning, the dinning room is very crowded. I usually take food to go.
5	Great cheap Mexican food...no atmosphere.  Gotta try the tortillas!
5	Great hole in the wall place for cheap, delicious Mexican food!
5	Delicious, authentic Mexican food.  Buy some tortillas and chirizo to take home with you.
5	Carolina's is one of my Top Ten reasons I don't leave AZ. I've always dreamed of living near the beach and maybe someday I will. Until then, I keep a list of things I would miss if I left AZ. Carolina's Mexican Food is always in my Top Ten. Yes, the place is a dive and the line can be long, but the amazing authentic Mexican food and incredibly cheap prices more than makes up for it. The hard machaca beef tacos are my favorite. Anything with their machaca beef is outstanding: slow-cooked, seasoned, and shredded to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. It's available with green chile peppers, red chile peppers, or plain. It's served in a taco, a burrito, or anyway you'd like. Sour cream and guacamole are great extras. Another important tip: Carolina's freshly made tortillas are legendary. Be sure to take a dozen home. They're homemade and served warm in a plastic bag. If you're like me, you'll only have 9 or 10 left by then time you drive home.
4	Well Carolina's is just freaking yummy. It's so good. It's also so cheaply priced! The menu is varied, the take out is fast, and the staff is friendly. They have a salsa bar and varied soda machine.I have to knock a star off for the inside "dining". It reminds me of a school cafeteria. A big room with old tables that remind me of card tables. They also play strange Christian songs when on hold for takeout. Be advised they are closed on Sundays.Give a call and do some takeout. The food really is great and they certainly don't skimp on cheese and other ingredients.
2	Not sure what is going with this place but the quality of food is going downhill! Ordered a taco salad and got a half-full bowl. By the time my girlfriend got to this half-full bowl the undrained juices from the chicken had turned the shell into complete mush. She couldn't even finish this half-full taco salad. Not sure if you got new staff or are just trying to cut corners, but this is not the quality of food I'm used to getting from this place.
5	When a place gets voted as having the best tortillas in Phoenix, it is worth a visit. When it delivers this well, it's worth every possible chance to eat there.  So the graduation and assorted flyer mile and affinity point programs coordinated to have us in Carolina's area for a week. That's probably why we went four times. Even if we had been staying closer to the family (about an hour away) we would have gone at least twice. If I lived in metro Phoenix I'd probably go  as often as I could get there.IT IS THAT GOOD. OK, there are a lot of things on the menu I didn't try. But the machaca and anything on those tortillas make being in Arizona worth it.
5	Awesome!  Inexpensive and great for lunch
5	Unlike Carolina's at 12th St. & Mojave, this one is nice & modern inside!  This one wasn't mobbed with people & a long line either, when I stopped in today for lunch.  You can actually get in & order & eat!I ordered a #2 Combination, which included a green beef tamale, a cheese enchilada, Spanish Rice, & refried beans, plus a serving of shredded lettuce.  I added a hard shell shredded beef taco also.Every bite of this meal (ok, except for the lettuce), was just 5-Stars terrific.  It was some of the best food I have ever eaten, Mexican or not, & there were no negatives at all. The dining room was clean & comfortable, the service was friendly & fast, the prices low, & I forgot to mention that their help-yourself salsa is killer, too.AMAZING PLACE!!     :-))#2 Combination $5.45, Shredded Beef Taco $1.80.Breakfast & WiFi, yes.  Sunday, no.
4	2nd review Ever.  I'm on a roll.1) Best Tortillas in Phoenix.  No question2) Salsa is in the top 5 of Phoenix3) Beans and rice......again....amazing4) Low Low pricesSo...... Amzing Tortilla + Amazing Salsa + Amazing Beans & Rice = Delicious Hell, even the flautas (we always get the Zarape Special) are crisp and thin.  If you're a fan of flautas/taquitos, you know that too thick of a tortilla is a downer.This place is an easy 5/5....but.....enchiladas are a 2.  Sauce is good, not great.  Texture not right on the enchilada itself.  So, I can't give a mexican joint a 5/5 if there enchiladas are just ok.
3	Ordered dinner to go. I went with two beef tacos and the #12, which is two double wrapped beef enchiladas, with rice and beans. My order was ready when they said it would be. The food was decent. I have a feeling that if I ate in, that the food may be better. I will definitely be giving it another shot.
4	I have to agree with Rand H., this Carolina's is far superior to the one at 12th St. & Mojave.  It's well kept inside and most times that I have visited this location it is pretty clean. I have been there times when there are dirty tables, but when the line of people ordering never stops you have to go easy on them. Either  way the food is worth the wait. The machaca tacos are my favorite along with the standard bean and cheese burritos. I love that you can load up on as much salsa as you want.  The breakfast burritos are great (try the four way: egg, potato, bean, cheese). It is cheap and fast (even with said lines) and the tortillas rock. I always buy a dozen to take home and them heat them in a skillet before serving. YUM!
5	Eat here almost every week.  Great food and great tortillas all at a fantastic price.  The salsa seems to be made fresh daily and is always very consistently good.  Nice select of soft drinks and frescas.  Really enjoy the taco's and the combination #4.The place can get a bit busy but not as crowded as the original location.
5	I can't say enough nice things about Carolina's. We eat here just about once a week because it's so affordable and delicious. Also, there is just something so comforting about a warm homemade tortilla the size of a tire. My absolute favorite menu item is the Oaxaca special.  The Oaxaca is a burro filled with pinto beans, chorizo, potatoes and cheese. All of this goodness costs $3.45 and is great for breakfast or dinner.  If you are not into chorizo I would also recommend a soft taco or burro with chicken in the green chili. The chicken practically melts in your mouth and the green chili is very flavorful.
5	Best Mexican Food I have had so far since living in the valley.  It's quick, hearty, authentic, and VERY well priced.  The tacos, enchiladas, quacomole, tortillas and chips are amazing.  Will definintely be going back here frequently.  Only recommendation would be for them to sell queso.  The chips are soooo good its a crime to not have queso for them ( I sadly do realize how un-authentic queso dip is, but still love it).  Writing this has made me hungry, think I'll head there now...
4	I've been in Phoenix for about 3 weeks now (relocating from So Cal) and have been very disappointed in the Mexican Restaurants thus far. A friend of mine suggested Carolina's. It's only 3 miles from my office so I gave it a shot for lunch. GLAD I DID! I went with my wife and a colleague who both verified my evaluation! We all 3 ordered different things. I'll speak for my chimichanga.... Lightly fried and full of white chicken meat. I also ordered some chips and salsa (extra) which seemed fresh as can be. I ordered 6 corn tortillas to go because i heard they were so good (made fresh daily). I had to try one (they were still warm). Delicious! Not the best Mexican food I've ever had but by far the best Mexican food thus far in Phoenix. You order and pay at the counter and your number is called within minutes. Fair prices, too. This place will be in my regular rotation for lunches going forward!
5	yup best mexican food in the area!  the tortillas are homemade and you can taste the difference it makes.  ordered the soft taco combo and it came it rice and beans.  ordered the chips and salsa too.  was yummy all the way around.  will go back.
4	This location is near my house but there is the original location neary my work.  We order from them all the time at work.  I must eat here at least once a wekk.  I think they have been in business for over 50 yrs. Seriously, I can't get enough of this place.  Sometimes i get withdrawls.I usually order #9 with all rice no beans and 1 chix 1 beef.  Their tortillas are super sinful. you know they have lard in them but who cares..when they are good.  I've also tired the corn and beef tamales.  They also sell them by the dozen frozen too.  It's great during the holidays.  i tried to first cook them in the microwave..lets just say not a bright idea.  It turns out perfect in the rice cooker.  I also like their chocolate chimichangas.  totally sinful..
3	Went there for lunch today, had the chicken chimichanga, beans, and rice.  Nothing was bad, and the ingredients looked fresh.  Unfortunately, the taste was a little bland.  Just a big wad of chicken breast in a fried tortilla, the guacamole looked like it was from a tub, nary an avocado was found.The food was served quickly and the dining area was clean.  I will have to try something else on the menu next time, though.
5	One of the best places for mexican food.  Usually get the machaca soft tacos and a 3-way burrito.  Anything covered in red enchilada sauce is also delicious.  Their tortillas are the best, get a dozen for the road.  I can eat them warm and plain right out of the bag and be perfectly happy.This location doesn't have the ambiance of the OG laundry mat location, but it has it's unique features (old chinese buffet?).
1	I'm putting this right on the table:  I don't find anything appealing about mexican food, I don't like the way it looks, smells or tastes.  I don't like tacos, burritos, shredded meat, sour cream (unless it's on pancakes or waffles), salsa, or avacados.  (I went to Arriba's one time and had a garden salad.)EVERYONE where I work swears by this place so I went there once, and only once.  A long time ago I read an article that said the quality of the food at a restaurant is comparable to the cleanliness and condition of the restrooms.  If this is true, and it seems like there's a logical correlation there, the food must be downright awful.  The bathroom floor was filthy, there was no lock on the door of the stall I was in.  No toilet paper in the stall.   No hot water coming out of the faucet, only cold. I vaguely remember the bathroom door not closing properly.   I'll never go here again and certainly never eat anything from this place.  How this place passes inspection is beyond me.
4	I've heard from a lot of people that this place is pretty tasty-so I had to check it out. I thought maybe I had been there before and had an idea of what to expect but I walked in with a new picture in my mind. I thought it would be a sit down restaurant, but it was set up more like fast food and it was very fast indeed. I enjoyed a great red machaca burro and also tasted a flavorful bean, cheese and lettuce toastada and a side of Mexican rice. It was pretty busy in there at lunch time and we lucked out getting the last available table for our party of 3. The bathroom does not have a changing table and I had to change the baby on the counter top right behind the door-If you have small children that wears diapers I recommend changing them elsewhere. I would definitely go back here for some quick savory Mexican food on another day : )
5	Holy cow, their food is outstanding, but their tortillas are the best in PHX, home of the best Mexican food in the US...that is saying a lot, I know, but please check them out for yourself. I'm going back to PHX soon for the first time since moving away, and Carolina's will be my first stop. I'm salivating just writing this review. Truly awesome!!!
5	ordered the red meat combo.  YUMMM!  it might be the best red meat ever with a little bit of a kick.  it came with rice, beans and 1 tortilla.  i'll have to remember to order more tortillas next time.  i also ordered a side of chips and salsa.  double YUMM!
5	Tastes are always good, staff friendly, and atmosphere somewhere between shabby and a drive. Great place and family suitable. Never have had a bad experience!
2	Great food! BUT rude service and check your takeout order. They usually mess it up.
5	I had not been to Carolina's in 10 years and had Two of the Green Chili Burritos... Oh My God it was good. we just moved back to PHX after 6 years in Surprise , I have to say, we come back once a week.Awesome food and Green chili burro is Money!
5	Spending many years in San Diego, I would say this is the closest to the top taco/burrito shops in SD. Tortilla's are the best in AZ, no reason they have been voted that years in and out. Grab a bag of tortillas for later.FYI, try the Green Corn Tamales, not on their menu, but a hidden masterpiece at Carolina's.
4	Food was ok. Didn't understand the hype about the place though. Reminded me of chino-bandido's
5	Closed on Sunday! :( Best Mexican food in Phoenix!! Total hole in the wall, can end up waiting a long time for your order and 90% of the time they mess up, so make sure you check before you leave. Or if you eat there you can always bring it back up. Order & pick up at the counter. They make the tortillas fresh and omg are they delicious. I always get a cheese quesadilla and sometimes a chicken burrito with green sauce (extra onions), enchilada style, with a side of sour cream. Super cheap and delicious.
4	Buy some flour tortillas to take home for quesadillas and wraps.  they are almost  the size of hubcaps, thin and yummy!Very casual, food served in styrofoam containers, no plates.
4	Their chicken tacos are amazing. Just enough spice to give it a bang taste. I can eat those all day. I just wish then can redecorate the restaurant.
4	Went here with some friends after seeing its Yelp ranking. I agree completely. The food was really good and the prices were juuust right. The food definitely isn't the healthiest, but honestly when it's that good it's hard to complain about it.I have eaten here several times since my first visit and never once have been disappointed.
4	The food here is SO good!  The burros are excellent!  And the prices are just right.  I spent one week in Phoenix on a business trip and this was THE BEST Mexican food I had while there, and I ate Mexican almost every day.  The place was a little dirty looking but if you can overlook that, the food is so worth it! I can't wait to get back to Phoenix to go back.
5	Super fast, super delicious, super affordable.and they have the BANG! drinks!!! I've had beef, machaca, and chicken tacos, burros, and tostadas. Even if there's a line, I have not experienced a long wait.I stop by for a quick bite whenever I get a chance if I'm in the area!
4	Good tacos.
2	Used to love this place but every time I go now, the service and quality just plain suck. The last 3 times I have bought  guac from them, labels, slices of skin and brown guac are what I get. I used to really love their guac but I can't even bring myself to purchase it again.The service that I get is just getting worse and worse. The kids they used to hire were really cool and respectful, now they are nothing but jack asses. I used to love this place but as of today I won't be returning. It's a shame because I know the family used to take pride in their food and service.
5	We spent Easter in Arizona for the first time and all the natives suggested we try the burros at Carolinas.  The woman at the front was super friendly with the tourists from SF with the questions.  The place was clean and packed (Tuesday at 1pm) but it was  fast service.  We ordered three burros (3 way, green and red I think), two soft and two hard tacos (chicken). The burros were SUPER GOOD and my kids loved the tacos.  We ordered a dozen tortillas to take home - we were not disappointed! The prices were so reasonable...I wish Carolina's opened up in San Francisco....I miss it already...
5	Soo... goood.
5	Hands down the best tortillas in Arizona,  most of the time I just order 2 dozen tortillas to go; they are amazing. They have a large menu and should satisfy just about anyone's taste. So, skip Taco Bell and go to Carolina's!
5	I grew up on Mex food and this is the real deal. They remember me and Julie and are always friendly. They are ALWAYS busy,and it takes awhile to get the food,but its so worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Consistently good food...Their Burros Rock!!
4	Moved up north from downtown Phoenix and was bummed that we wouldn't get our Saturday morning burritos from Carolina's in downtown Phoenix.  One day searched for Mexican food on yelp, and saw Carolina's on Cactus - could this be, could this be the same one?  Ordered our chorizo burritos, just as tasty as the one in downtown.  Tacos - much greasier here than downtown :(  Enchilada sauce - almost the same, but not exactly, Tortillas - just as good.  Overall, it satisfies our breakfast burrito fix, but is is not exactly the same as the one downtown.
4	This is a COMPLETELY different experience than the Carolina's on 91st Ave and Peoria store. This location is clean, well-kept, looks new, and has a good vibe inside of it. The food was even better here. Everything at this location seems to be on a higher level. I wanted to get Huevos Rancheros, and it's not on the menu. Isn't this blasphemy? I would say so. Settled on the Enchilada, Tostada, Taco combo. Delish. Everyone has raved about the tortillas, and they really are all of that, and then some. This is THE place in town to get quality FAST Mexican food. Worth the little detour from the Bertos brothers.
4	5 stars for the tortillas.  Buy a bag and try to make it home with them...yummy!
4	My aunt took me here! She bought a deal chicken or something :) I got a tostada good but nothing amazing she got green chilli chicken. All average but their tortillas so good! On point and delicious at home with butter. Place was really busy but I'm not sure if it was because the deal was expiring or if people really love this place. - one star for being a bit on the dirty side!
5	It's all about the food.  And the prices are great.  I get a #3 (chicken taco, tostada, cheese enchilada, rice and beans) and a beverage for just over $7.00.There is no ambiance unless you count "non-ambiance" as ambiance.  You'll be eating out of a styrofoam tray and plastic utensils while sitting in an echoing room at tables that, after the perpetual daily lunch or supper rush, may or may not be clean. So how can this get 4.65 stars?  (I had to round up.)  It really is all about the food.  And there IS free wi-fi so you can dine and surf.  :)
5	Holy cow, their food is outstanding, but their tortillas are the best in PHX, home of the best Mexican food in the US...that is saying a lot, I know, but please check them out for yourself. I'm going back to PHX soon for the first time since moving away, and Carolina's will be my first stop. I'm salivating just writing this review. Truly awesome!!!
5	Where to begin?This is my favorite Mexican food establishment ever. I've been frequenting Carolina's for years and never once have I been disappointed. Some might compare it to Filiberto's or any of those [insert surname here]berto's but this is on a whole different level.Atmosphere-wise it's one step above a sketchy hole-in-the-wall but the food makes up for everything the appearance of the place lacks. I don't know their secret but their beans, the tortillas, the salsa... it's all to die for. And IT'S. SO. CHEAP. Like, seriously, I'd dish out more money for this food but the fact that it really is that cheap is the icing on the cake. It's almost always busy but it's always worth the wait. Always.If you haven't gone... you're missing out.
5	one of the only Mexican places I truly enjoy in the Phoenix area...their Machaca is off the charts and second only to their hand made tortillas....if you want a treat, try and buttered tortilla - YUMMO!!!Tamales, Burros and Chimis are also great!!!
1	As much as I love Carolinas, I got sick for the 2nd time recently.A breakfast burrito (Chorizo and egg) which looked a little grey, but tasted good. I wasn't horribly sick (like what happened the time before), but it was enough.I can't go back.  At least for a year or two until I forget.I just worry sometimes that things happen so fast in there is the quality and cleanliness always what it needs to be.I have eaten at the Cactus store 100 times and sick twice is too much.Still great food and a great spot, just need them to be more careful.
5	Visiting a friend who insisted we come to Carolina's on my first morning in town to get a breakfast burrito To Die For.She was totally spot-on.These delicious hand-made tortillas are fantastic!  I wish I could take a bunch back to Seattle with me, but since they're freshly-made, I'm guessing the lack of preservatives will make that a better idea than reality.I enjoyed the chorizo, egg, and potato burrito with plenty of salsa.  I loved the spicy/smooth combo with the sour cream in the burrito.I hope I get a chance to eat here again before leaving town!
5	The best flour tortillas.
5	The food is the best Mexican food in the valley!  I take my out of town guests here all the time.  Wish it was closer to me, I have to drive 15 plus miles, but it's worth it!  The food is fresh and the salsa and chips are amazing.  My favorite place for good quality Mexican food.  Please open a location in Scottsdale!!!
5	Best red chile and Im picky
4	if you haven't been here then it is your loss. Chimichanga style it all. haha no, but really all the food here is delicious. I love their in-house, hand made tortillas. Definitely a plus for me. You can't really argue with that, but just incase you can. Go try the food on your own. I normally get the same thing every time (a combo chimichanga) and i never walk away dissappointed...unless i was super hungry. This place will most likely satisfy the regular eater, but you super eaters/college kids, sumo's in training, or have eaten a buffet out of business in one night...this probably wont satisfy you.
5	Hands down best Mexican restaraunt of all time. Not fancy, not healthy, but so so good. Their tortillas are big and homemade and full of flavor. Their green chili sauce is chunky liquid heaven and their new carne asada burritos are seasoned perfectly. I eat here at least weekly and have trouble eating Mexican food elsewhere.
2	Overrated. Don't go out of your way. The tortillas are better than most places but the entire dishes are not special. If you are in the neighborhood its worth a stop but don't make a special trip.
2	Got a to-go combo from Carolina's tonight- two hard tacos with rice and beans.  I got one chicken and one beef taco.  They were completely devoid of flavor - the chicken tasted like nothing, and the beef wasn't much better.  The rice and beans were good, I had to add some to each taco to give it some flavor.  Maybe I got the wrong thing, but I seriously doubt the other meats could be much better.
4	Great tamales, fast food prices
5	As good as it gets, fast service, excellent pricing.  A destination when we are visiting the Phoenix area.
5	It scares me how close this place is to my house. Food is epic every time. Glad they have carne asada now as well.The chimichangas as so good and crispy when fresh. Salsa and chips are a must every time as well. You cannot go wrong with this place I promise. It will be jam packed just like it always is so be prepared to wait and stake your claim at the first open table you can find.
4	I'm a big fan, but service at times is non-existent. The green Machaca burros are great, as is the cheese tortilla, as long as you eat it when it's hot. I love the hard shell, beef tacos, but the last time they only had half the beef as normal in them.
4	Always great food and a decent price, the wait is sometimes longer than I'd like but with food this yummy I can understand why people flock there for dinner and lunch, I didn't go 5 stars here because there have been a number of occasions when I got my food and items were missing or wrong.  Always check your order before leaving!
4	Their homemade tortillas and salsa rock!  The plates dishes are a bit greasy so we switched to the ala carte meals which are much better in my opinion.  Love their potato & bean burrito.  Don't expect fancy but do expect to pay less.  Always bustling crowds in here so grab a seat after ordering.
5	The rental car guy at the hotel I was staying at raved about this place (while establishing it was fairly casual, busy, and inexpensive). He was right on, and the food was INSANELY GOOD!The tacos were supurb, the chips outstanding, the beans so creamy. Yum, yum and yum.If I lived down there, I'd eat here once a week. And be fat :-)
5	Beat tortilla in Phoenix!   Awesome service!   Best food especially salsa!!
4	This place I believe is a chain off the famous original diner located in south phoenix.  The food tastes exactly the same as the original.  I highly recommend trying this place out at least once especially if you like Mexican food.  My favorite is the cheese  quesada, folowed by the taco and burrito.  I think it's best known for the burrito.  The environment is setup like your typical fast food joint and you don't have to worry about dressing up since its very casual.
1	I call BS on these rave reviews.  They sound really scripted and phony.  Carolina's is just your usual dumpy Filiberto's-ish place and you simply either like it or you don't.  The same way you might feel about one of those other polarizing institutions, Chico's Tacos in El Paso.  Even the people who like Chico's Tacos will admit it really isn't that good.  But if you claim this is "the best Mexican food anywhere" or "so so good" (right out of a commercial script) or "fantastic Mexican food", your credibility takes a nose dive.  This has the appearance of "stuffing the ballot box", and something's fishy here.  Even within the bounds of dumpy Mexican food joints, this place doesn't even meet mediocre standards.The food in detail:Combo plate with tostada, taco and enchilada on my first visit:  taco... passable.  Which incredibly made it the star of the combo plate.  The enchilada was a formless mass of tortilla resembling something you scooped out of a casserole with some institutional enchilada sauce over it and no detectable filling.  Total amateur hour.  The tostada was like something spawned from an Ortega or Old El Paso kit and probably would have bored Midwestern Mexican food neophytes from Iowa.  A school cafeteria could have matched the quality. I can't even remember the rice and beans, I was so stunned how bad the main items were.  The cherry on the sundae was how severely pissed my wife was at me that I suggested we try this place.  Can't say I blame her, really.  It doesn't take a gastronome to see that this place serves up some really nasty food.The green chile burro I had during my ill-advised second try here was a bigger disaster than the first experience.  It felt like I was holding a water balloon.  That's because it was filled with a gray, soupy, gravy-like, watery substance that had chunks of, well... nothing... in it.  It was like a folded tortilla soup bowl that gushed all over the place when I took a bite.  And it tasted like it looked.  Hands down the worst burro of any type I've ever had anywhere.  Honestly, I've had way better burritos from Taco Bell, of all places.  Needless to say I didn't finish it and it went into the garbage with extreme prejudice.  I sure would appreciate a few more honest reviews here instead of people shilling for this dump.  Don't believe a word of anything positive you read here.  I've never hated any eating establishment like I hate Carolina's.  Not even MacDonald's.  At least people aren't heaping undeserved praise on MacDonald's.  This place doesn't deserve another thin dime from me.
4	This is my favorite Mexican food on this side of town. I've never ordered anything that wasn't good here. We always get the chicken tacos, red tamales, tostadas, burros, chimichangas, and rice. It's all good. You can't go wrong here. Even though this place more like a fast food place I love the food here. Sometimes it takes awhile to get your food so I would recommend that you call in. It's so much faster but it's always worth the wait.
3	While the food taste great, the way the restaraunt is operated is a bit confusing.  You have to stand in line to place your order, then wait around to pick it up.  Not wise for a "other than fast food" type establishment.  On this visit there were maybe 8-10 people standing around waiting, our group of 7 occupied seats so we didn't interfere with those eating.  Maybe a revamp is needed to provide an area for those waiting for their meals.
4	Always an Awesome Meal.Popped in tonight instead of driving to 40th Street & Greenway for PIZZA.Glad we stoppedTHE SALSA IS ON FIRE That NIGHT
3	I was so excited to try Carolina's after all the great reviews.  Prices are average, and food is OK.  Nothing special.  I had the chicken enchiladas.
5	So glad this location opened up in North Phoenix. Always simple low price quality food at all their locations. Best tortillas in town so always have to get a burrito. Green Chili Burrito is my favorite with the green machaca a close 1A. Red tamales are awesome and the kids love the chocolate chimis . No frills place but everything is a winner whether you eat in or take out, if you don't go it is your lost.
5	Without a doubt the best Mexican food in Phoenix. Well...maybe not better than Rito's, but you can count on it being open a lot more! The majority of their menu items are the best in town. Can't go wrong with the Green Machaca...melts in your mouth. You'd be hard-pressed to find a better chicken taco. Anytime I'm close, I stop in for a bite to eat. A Phoenix must.
5	So good! I would recommend buying a pack of tortillas to take home with you while you are there. They are always friendly and fast service.
5	Some of the best restaurants are the ones that taste like they are right from home. That is how Carolina's Mexican Food is. I been eating at this place for years and it takes like the real deal. All I can say is the food is "YUMMY."Read the history about this location and other locations. This restaurant has been around for many years. Known for their famous handmade right in the kitchen tortillas that melt in your mouth.Daily lunch specials. Always fresh and tasty. Be sure to bring home the salsa or place an order for catering. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.
5	Best food ever! Try the hard-shell chicken tacos! They are the best!! *you can't forget the bag of tortilla chips. Service was quick!
4	Really, really good food! Prices pretty decent too! Seems that everything is made to order - so always fresh!
5	Delicious is an understatement. Carolina's Mexican Food is one of the best, if not the BEST Mexican food restaurant in the Valley of the Sun. If you are in the mood for Authentic Mexican Cuisine, this is a must visit. There burritos, tacos, tostadas, and enchiladas are amazing. Each ingredient is tasty alone, but when combined; it's a miracle in your mouth. I never knew how good something as simple as a: bean cheese and potato burrito could be until I eat there the 3rd time. (I have probably  eaten here 900000000 x! :) ) I highly recommend this place!
5	This place has the BEST tortillas I have ever tried. I get a dozen of their flour tortillas and a quart of their beans and make my own bean burros at home. But when I'm really hungry I order an already made bean burro too and eat it on the car ride home. I LOVE this place. Only negative is they're closed on Sundays :(
4	My friend goes here all the time and brought me with her once - now we go all the time together! Great atmosphere, awesome good that really tastes like legitimate Mexican food, the way it SHOULD taste. It may not be gourmet, but it's still good and very high quality for the price!I always get a #9: 2 chicken tacos with rice and beans. So good! But I definitely need to try their other menu options, too. I've heard the burritos and enchiladas are great.Oh, and the horchata is amazing. Drink it.
5	The best! if your in the area, you got to stop by carolina's. you won't be disappointed in any of the food! definitely a fast reliable, and reasonable place to regularly go to
5	Haiku to the Oaxaca Special Burro:Oh how I crave theeChorizo, potato, beansBreakfast perfection.:)LOVE Carolina's. Authentic Mexican food, reasonable prices and tortillas that are big enough to sleep under while you have steamy dreams about them. Buy extra to take home and have one for breakfast with butter and jelly!
1	Let me start by saying this is not a one-off review.  I have been going to this place for years and it was very good. (Not the best, but good). This morning my wife and I took a trip over for my fav menu item. Machaca breakfast burrito with potato.  I've had this many times in the past but OMG!  I could not even finish it.  It tasted like old used fryer grease and did not even have an egg in it.  How do you call it breakfast without an egg?   Just mushy mashed potatoes with a tiny bit of hamburger in it.  (Yes burger. Not even real roast beef)  Worse yet the portion size had reduced to 1/3its normal size (barely 3 bites of filling) and was still wrapped in the usual giant tortilla.  Anyone that has been here before knows how good those are.  Er... Used to be.  The tortilla had the same used grease taste as the rest.  My wife had the chicken taco and even it had suffered major changes and used grease taste.  (How do you mess up a taco?) I am so sad and will be reluctant to return anytime soon Beware, this place may be on the way out.
4	I'll be honest, I haven't been to Carolina's for about a month. But my wife and I have been doing weekly take outs since they opened up the Cactus location. There is no need to order and wait; you just call in your order! I always order the Machaca with egg and I have never been disappointed. I'll admit, it's quite greasy and you need to have some napkins nearby but the taste is out of this world! The food is consistent with the South Phoenix location which I had been going to for years. The prices are very reasonable especially for the product that is served. By the way, the home made tortillas are the best in Phoenix.
5	Love their tortillas and the tacos are yum!
4	Best machaca around, hands down. The places gets busy, but you cannot beat the price and the food all around is good.
4	Excellent tortillas and red/green & bean burritos at a reasonable price.
5	Great tortillas and food.
4	I must state up front that I am a Carolina regular. I've eaten there well over 100 times over the years. So what keeps me coming back? Foremost, the prices are very reasonable.This is not Taco Bell. This is Arizona style border food, but at fast food prices. Try a simple beef taco in any one of the many combination plates to see the superiority. And the fresh flour tortillas are wonderful (hot, large & thin).  So why only three stars (see update below)? The dining room can be a disaster at times. Want a clean table? It's up to you. Get behind a large carryout order, expect a long wait. Order when the kitchen staff is taking a break, expect a long wait. Or get lightening fast service. You never know. The hot sauce is flavorful and actually spicy hot, but it is watery and presented in metal pumps. All three pumps are often empty before staff comes out to refill them. Meanwhile, the pump area can become an unsanitary mess.Perhaps the best approach to Carolina's is as a carryout restaurant. Or bring an extra friend who can save a table for your group while you order.  Enjoy the food, but pay a little extra elsewhere if you want some atmosphere.  Solid, traditional Mexican border fare, a refreshing change from ubiquitous Mexican grill chain restaurants.09/23/2014 Update: They've been doing a little better keeping the hot sauce pump area and the tables clean. Still not ideal. And the speed of service is still wildly inconsistent. Bumping the rating up to four stars.
4	Ive been to Carolinas many times in the past decade. I use to always stop by and pick up a dozen tortillas because they are hands down the best tortilla that ive had. Other than tortillas, i usually get their tamales. However the last time I was in AZ, i stopped by and decided to try something new. I gave the green chili burrito a chance and i was hooked. I had to go back again the next day for some more goodness. They are kind of small so i decided to try a red chili burrito too. The red was good, but the green was the best. I left full, happy, and satisfied. Cant wait till im back in AZ again for some good mexican food!
5	Whenever I am craving something cheesy I always think of Carolina's quesadillas. Everything I've tried here is good, but the quesadillas really take the cake. The combination of fresh, homemade tortillas and gooey cheese is just perfect. If you haven't tried one you are missing out!
5	Bad for the waistline, great for the taste buds and wallet.  Don't come here if you are looking to "eat healthy" -- that's not what this place is for.  It's the place to go if you are looking for good, cheap, Mexican food at an affordable price.  For just under $10 I can eat like a king including a drink (and describing me as "portly" would be polite.)  The major downsides are lack of ambience (but awesome compared to their "downtown" location) and wait times.  You *will* have issues finding a table during busy hours of 5-7pm, so it's best to bring a friend and immediately have that friend save your table.   Hot sauce is perfection and lives up to it's name...HOT.   Love everything I order here and I'm a picky eater.
4	How much Carolina's is too much?I already know the answer. There's no such thing as too much Carolina's. I just wanted you to get it wrong so I could fight you.-1 star because the tortillas are always a little burnt.
4	The tortillas at Carolina's are legendary.  Everyone in AZ knows that.  I am a bean expert and I think Carolina's has some amazing beans; not too salty and not too bacon-y flavored.  The one problem I have with Carolina's is the use of SO MUCH packaging!!  They use Styrofoam everything which is horrible for the environment and also horrible to put hot food in because the chemicals leach into the food.  Each item is wrapped in multiple layers of paper and I feel like we can fill a landfill with just the trash from a meal from two people.  They have got to put some recycle bins in here and change their packaging.  Would it be so hard to put combination meals on washable plates?
5	Hands down best Mexican food.  Nice folk behind the counter, even when it's slammed.  Drink bar is a wreck, salsa is excellent.  Sometimes there isn't a table. We still go, it's an institution around here.  I have yet to manage to have menudo there.  Holiday tortillas are to die for.  Everyone is pleasant, including the customers. And it's not a zillion dollars plus tip.
5	This a must try if you like authentic Mexican food. It's every bit as good as the original restaurant down on Mojave!
3	Carolina's is at the corner of Cactus and Cave Creek Road with its own parking lot that was easy to navigate and find a spot in.  Walking inside it became obvious that this place is a local hot spot since it was packed!  To order you go to the cashier at the front counter and pick either individual items or a meal combo.  The cashier was helpful in recommending menu items and was nice enough to suggest a combo deal for us that was cheaper than the meal we had pieced together ourselves.  I had the #15 - three flautas with a side of rice and beans with a taco added on (hard shell).  My fiancee had the two taco meal with rice and beans.  The rice and beans were very tasty, which we have had a hard time finding since our move to the Valley.  The taco fillings were good (shredded beef, cheese, lettuce, etc.) but the taco shell itself was oddly greasy and tough to eat.  On his last taco, my fiancee actually just pulled out the filling pieces and ate them without the shell.  The place itself wasn't the most organized and cleanest, but in their defense we went at dinner time and it was very busy.  There were a fair amount of people taking to go orders, which we may do if we venture here again.  Overall: B-  Suggestions?  Try the soft taco instead of the hard shells and I don't recommend the flautas since they were a touch burnt and there is WAY more shell to filling ratio on those - so not quiet as yummy.
4	Awesome food, portions are a lot better than most places, prices are good too... well definitely be stopping in when in that area... friendly staff
4	I found this restaurant using Yelp!  Wow, a great choice.  Even if you don't like frijoles, you gotta try theirs!  Incredible!  I had enchiladas and they were great.  Portions are very large so I suggest not ordering a whole lot to start with - you can always order more.  Be prepared to wait - it is about the most popular restaurant I have visited in a very long time (you know its good when the Police and Fire Departments eat there).  Oh, also try the buttered flour tortilla - yum!
2	I have been going to Carolina's for years. I have to say, the quality has gone downhill. The salsa is watered down, the flavor of the food is lack luster and the portion sizes have diminished, as the prices have gone up. It used to be fantastic, but not anymore. If people offer to buy me food from Carolina's, I decline. I go across the street instead. I'm sorry Carolina's, but you have lost a customer. In the PHX fast Mexican food market, there are many better choices, even within walking distance.
5	Best Mexican food hands down.  Oxaca Special, double wrapped is where it's at.  Order that and you won't be sorry.
4	Great food, terrible dining room.  Carolina's has excellent, cheap and very filling food.  Their Carne asada is done right and flavorful and their tamales are the best readily available options in an area saturated with fast Mexican food.  The interior of this place looks exactly how you would expect a place that churns our a ton of delicious and super cheap food.  It's packed and dirty.  I'd almost suggest they give up on trying to keep everything clean themselves and just leave out a bucket full of bleach water for everyone to use.  Maybe someone with some crazy OCD would wander in every so often and wipe the tables down.  I suggest you call ahead. The lines can get long and there's a separate register for people who called where the food is distributed away from where the masses order.
5	Nothing like a handmade tortilla drenched in butter!  The Oaxaca Special is the perfect anytime burrito as well..
5	I went for the first time after reading the competition article in Phoenix New Times about the Chimi debate between them and Tee Pee. Both are equally good don't get me wrong and really it's like comparing apples and oranges. I really enjoyed Carolinas enough to buy a dozen tamales to take home to keep in the freezer to pull out when I need a quick fix.
1	The sauce for the enchiladas was raw chile powder and the tortillas tough and tasteless. A smearing of beans on the tortillas was hidden by almost a head of lettuce.I was very disappointed
4	I used to eat here at least once a week when I worked in the area, at LEAST once a week.  My go to items were as follows;  Red Chili burrito W/ beans (enchilada style), Machaca burrito, Machaca plate, Red Machaca burrito, Tamale and Enchilada plate, Two Taco plate, Chicken Tostadas, Green Chili combo....  Basically the whole menu.  Now that I think about it, my Carolinas fandom was probably the single greatest contributing factor to my ever expanding waistline.  It is not the best Mexican food evarr, but it is pretty damn good.
4	Love this place!  Authentic, reasonably priced with hard working employees who move quickly.   Delicious food.
4	We've had take out from Carolina's a couple of times, but have never eaten inside. The food is great. The mini-chimis are tasty. We got tortillas to go last time, and they are nice and soft, making great burritos. I'd venture in for a sit down meal but they don't serve alcohol, and Mexican food is just not the same without beer.
3	Well...I wanted to fall in love with this place but I didn't. It was just okay for me. The young girl at the counter was super friendly, no question, and our meal came out pretty quickly. I knew going in that the dinnerware would be styrofoam with plastic utensils, but it's seems so wasteful. The place was busy on a Saturday night, so it seems popular enough. I had a cheese enchilada and a green corn tamale with rice and beans. Everything was just fine. The chips came in a plastic bag...very hard, over salted and cold. When I can find warm, freshly made chips, salsa and guacamole at my local sports bar, why would I make the drive here?There were used napkins on the floor, no clean tables and both the drink and salsa station showed evidence of heavy use. Kind of off-putting, really. Our family of four ate for $40. I can make a mean Mexican meal at home for far less than that. We have lived in the Phoenix area for over four years and we have not yet found a Mex place we love.
2	We had breakfast here on Saturday and the burritos were good but the service was horrible.  My husband and in-laws ordered coffee and were told it was out and would be about 10 minutes.  Ok.  We waited quite a while for our food and were half way through when my husband went up for the 3rd time to ask about the coffee.  Was told it would be another 30 minutes.  When he asked for a refund, the lady rolled her eyes at him and said he had to wait in line.  It wasn't a huge amount but to wait 30 minutes for coffee?  This was my 3rd time to this location and the service hasn't been great any of the times.  I don't think we'll be going back.
4	There is nothing better to me than going to Carolina's on a Saturday morning and getting a Oaxaca Special Burrito for breakfast.  Excellent every single time.
2	Just ate here for lunch today to give it one last try.  We always get bean tostadas as they are our favorites, but the last 3 times we have been here there have been almost no beans on the tostada.  Today while I was waiting for the order to be done, I was watching the guy make the bean tostada... he put a nice portion on the tostada, then he proceeded to scrape all the beans off back into the tray!  Are you kidding?  I watched this happen over 10 times for each bean tostada!   So instead of actually having beans on the tostada, it is just maybe a millimeter of bean juice and the rest has been recycled on to the next meal!Beans are cheap!  If I had a choice, I would pay more to have a tostada that actually had beans on it!My kids butter tortilla had more beans, which is sad as there is only butter on that item.
5	Heard about this place and their tortillas and it was better than I imagined! The smell when you walk in the door is intoxicating!
2	I had heard so much about Carolina's that I convinced my husband to try it on a Tuesday evening. The place was packed, always a good sign. We placed our order to go, and went towards the pick up area to wait, and wait, and wait. Finally after a half an hour, one of the girls noticed we were still there. Apparently they had been waiting on something. We got our stuff and left. I was still expecting the best, after all the wait had to have been worthwhile, right? Wrong! The food was lukewarm at best, the tostada/taco shells were stale, and my husband said his enchiladas were very bland. The best thing and this was truly the best I've ever had were the chocolate chimis for dessert. I would go back just for those. I so wanted this to be better than it was, but unfortunately it just fell short.
2	Food looks good, and the price is good. The taste is less than average. It is as if they are refraining from using spices to save money.The service was rather terrible. The woman at the counter seemed annoyed that I was there, and she would not make eye contact. When I got my food, thanked her 3 times before she acknowledged I was even there to get my food. Setting is old, but I don't mind that. Seats about 30 comfortably, though the seats are not comfortable.I'd give this place a 1-star, but the food was not horrible. I might give this place another chance, considering there are people who have given them a 5-star rating. I guess I'm a little curious if today was just a bad day for the whole restaurant.
2	I was in town and wanted a good machacha for breakfast. Looked this place up here on Yelp and this place had good reviews. As a result I wanted to try this place out. Ordered a machacha with eggs & potatoes and I ordered the chips. The machacha was very bland and did not have much flavor. I had to sprinkle a lot of salt on it for it to have taste. I was not happy with my food but I be willing to try this place again. Maybe that day nothing tasted good and other days it could be better. But I, unfortunately, came on the bad day. The chips and tortilla was good but not enough for me to give more than 2 stars. Try this place if your close by and maybe you could come on the good day when the machacha is good!
4	Best inexpensive authentic mexican in town with the best tortillas you will ever have. Green chile pork will make you have dreams about it.
4	So yummy! Great grab and go place. Wish they had a bar! Tortillas are fresh. Definitely not diet friendly, but come on people.... Did you really think it was? Really?
4	The food is good, typical mexican restaurant.  The best thing about Carolina's is the tortillas.  They make them fresh, and you can take a dozen home with you-they are usually still hot. Soooo much better than the ones in the store!
4	I dont get why people love this place. I came because of the word-of-mouth; I thought it was fine but just fine. Definitely not worth driving from downtown Phoenix. If you're going to go don't believe the hype and you will probably enjoy it.
4	The food is always great, but the service has been getting slower and slower. Doesn't mean I wont continue to visit them for taco Tuesday.
5	I go to the Carolina's on Cactus because it is convenient and the food is fantastic. The portions are huge and the atmosphere is casual but fun. The tortillas are fresh and fantastic. The price is reasonable. It's just easy to go there and get a good meal.
1	Wow - really awful. Took fifteen minutes to get three tacos. And they were not worth the wait. I spent four months in Mexico, and it is an insult to that country to call this comida mexicana.
4	The food is great. I love the authenticity.  I would give them 5 stars but they need to work on customer service.  I called to place an order for 7 breakfast burrito for myself and colleagues that we do every Friday for breakfast. I simply asked if it were possible if they could cut the burritos in half and the lady's reply was "we don't cut them in half" Oh. Well excuse me. It's so sad that there's no such thing as customer service anymore because they could have made an exception.  I thought to satisfy a customer, you try to meet their expectations and accommodate them. Whatever tho, overall the food was good, just need to work on their customer service skills.
4	Have ate at Carolina's many times and thus far the only menu item I was not impressed with was the green chili, not sure if it was just the batch of the day but was very bland and tasteless. The Oaxaca(say it with me now: wuh-ha-ca) is amazing, best I've tired around but do order more than one (small size burro). The Zarape Special is my second winner of the menu and consists of three flauta's garnished beautifully with a homemade guacamole that is excellent, and again some of the best in town. Especially when compared to Filibertos.Last but not least, their red sauce is addictive, with a noticeable garlic taste, wish it we were spicier though or that they had hotter options available.
5	wonderful tortillas, machaca burrito, everything is great.  The staff wears gloves and they are wonderful, enjoy.
3	Decent for fast food Mexican.  I had a hard taco which was good but not at all warm.  I also had a cheese enchilada which I didnt much care for because it wasn't warm at all so not melty and delicious.   I will definitely have tacos again for quick takeout.   My husband and those two items as well and also a tostada.   His comments were.."pffffff" he was disappointed because of all the good reviews and Check Please Arizona.   Easy cheap fast lunch but there are better choices at same price point.
4	I ate here today for the first time. It's not really a "sit down" kind of restaurant, but the food was very good.  I had the two tacos meal and iced tea. The taco meat was flavorful, the beans didn't taste like canned refried beans, the rice was really good, and the tea was freshly brewed. It's filibertos-ish by way of the menu  but WAY better in quality of the food.  There was a huge line after we got there but people were in and out pretty quickly.
4	The food is pretty cheap and is one of the best places to get a quick Mexican food meal  in Phoenix.  I wouldn't say anything stands out with so many Mexican food places to eat in the Valley. It is mentioned in a few reviews that they are terribly slow at getting even the simplest orders out but, if you do decide to go and eat-in I would let the cashier know that you are taking it to-go.  They get those orders out faster than the dine-in orders.
5	I love this place! There are other locations! Be careful of high volume times cuz it gets crowded! I love the tacos and redchille!!!
4	I rarely admit it in public, but I will for those of you who have lived in Yuma for any period of time...  I am a Yuma native.  I know, most people think that Yuma sucks, and quite honestly I agree to an extent.  I mean, there is a reason why I left.  Now to get to the point of my public admission...  There are 2 fast food and 1 sit down restaurants in Yuma that anyone who has lived there for more than a few months loves.  I won't say the names b/c I am afraid Yelp will remove my review, but those restaurants are owned by the Gutierrez family.  Seriously, Yumans ship their bean and cheese burritos all over the world to other Yuma natives.  It is a stop that most make when they go back to visit. And why have I been talking about Yuma?  Carolina's has got to be a near relative of the family who owns those restaurants.  Or at least originated from the same town in Mexico, because this is the closest thing that I have found to that, VERY FAMOUS among Yumans, restaurants.Maybe I have been gone too long, but I think that Carolinas may be a little better.  The bean and cheese burritos taste exactly the same, and the salsa is close (Carolinas is better/thicker.)  The machacha meat is near the same taste too, and the folded tacos are identical.  The rolled tacos aren't as good at Carolina's but it is the same taco that you would get in any Mexican household on the border of San Luis, Somerton, or Algadones. The rice is different too, similar but I had it once and I think there was corn in it. Carolinas has a bigger menu and offers more than its Yuma competitors.  Now, Carolinas isn't for everyone.  Living on the border nearly my whole life and being fed by friend's parents who were Mexico natives (some illegals,) my palate has been refined by traditional Mexican food from the northwest border of Mexico.  I have hard a hard time finding what I would consider good Mexican food here in Phoenix, because it seems to be a smorgasbord of cuisine from all of Mexico. So, if you grew up near the southwest border, give Carolinas a try.  You may find that you wont have to drive the 3 hours home when you get a hankering for a bean and cheese or a machaca burrito.  FYI:  Everytime I have been there it is crazy busy.  So if you are planning on going during lunchtime, dinnertime, or on weekends, plan accordingly and make sure that someone stands and waits for a table while the other people in your group place an order.  Also, true to the Mexican restaurant style...  The tables will probably be dirty so bring some disinfectant wipes if you have issues, don't look at how dirty the floor is, and don't pay mind to the spilt salsa at the self serve salsa station, or the ice that has been dumped all over the machine.  We have been in there quite a few times where there was more ice spilt than actually in the machine.  Consider in ambiance.  This staff is swamped with customers at meal times and it is your fellow patrons that make it that dirty.
4	Carolina's has some really good food.  My favorite is #16 which is the Chimichanga (I get mine with machaca beef) with rice and beans.  LOVE this, it is really good.  The beef is amazing, the rice is really good and so is the beans.  They are famous for their flour tortillas which I find to be just ok.  Then again I woke up every morning to that wonderful scent of homemade flour tortillas...my Grandma in the kitchen making her flour tortillas from scratch. Carolina's are ok, too big...amazing flour tortillas is not about the size is how they are made and what they are made of.  I did buy a dozen to take home and see how they would um "hold" up, they didn't...they got ROCK hard fast.  And who has a comal that big to accommodate a flour tortilla that big? I always come back though for their Machaca beef burritos and the #16. Oh and let me say this one other thing, I ALWAYS order cheese inside my Chimi, they NEVER put cheese inside, NEVER! I know they put some cheese on top, but even when I have asked them to put some inside as well...they don't! So don't bother asking.
4	Carolina's is a great spot for some delish lunch. It's inexpensive and you get a good sized portion. Their known for their tortillas which are incredible. I usually go for their two hard shell beef tacos that have a nice crunch when you take a bite. I get the combo plate for the addition of rice and beans. I will say I've had that meal both as take-out and dine-in. I highly recommend dining in, it's the kind of food that should be eaten hot and ready.
2	There were six of us who went just after the lunch crowd was over.  My first impression is that the place could use a good scrubbing.  Also, the girl taking our order at the counter had zero personality.I ordered menudo which was some of the best that I have had.  My husband and I also ordered the tamale platter.  We both ordered beef tamales.  We each got one beef, one corn.  They were just okay.  I am glad that all of our orders came out in styrofoam "to go" containers even though we were eating there, because I saw everyone getting their orders of cheap, flimsy paper plates that ended up being soggy.  One couple ordered tostadas.  There was more lettuce than beans or cheese.I can tell you that I will never go back.  The food is definitely not authentic.
3	I would actually rate this place 3.5 but yelp doesn't give that option. I have been on the hunt for decent Mexican food since we moved to the area in June. There were definitely pros and cons to Carolina's. The place is big and was busy (order took 20+ minutes to come out after I went to the counter and asked the status of the order). The ordering line moved quickly and the girl who took my order was friendly and answered my questions. I ordered a chicken taco and a single tortilla (since that is what they are famous for). My daughters had the kids b&c burrito and the kids beef tacos. I also ordered the chips and salsa. They do have salsa on a bar area but it is dispensed in ketchup pump things. Which made the consistency more watery than the salsa that came with the chips and salsa. The salsa that came with the chips was much better even though it was probably the same recipe. I got a water to drink and it tasted like fish tank water. It was disgusting! I've worked in restaurants before and I would guess they never clean the soda taps. The taco was ok, the rice was bland and unimpressive and the tortilla was good but not the best I've ever had. However their beans were amazing!! I would go back and take my husband to try a bean and cheese burrito but am still on the look out for a Mexican restaurant that has it all. Coming from CA you get a bit spoiled!
3	1st time here today. The food is one step above Filiburto's... It's pretty good but by no means great! The price is pretty low but the portions are really small so the overall value is only fair. The staff was knowledgeable but not friendly. Food came out in a timely manner. IDK I guess over all my sock were not blown off. I wasn't bad... it just wasn't great...
1	My family has catered from Carolina's before and LOVED the food.  I am hosting a party in the near future and wanted to cater from there.  I called to speak with someone about catering and was on hold for over 5 minutes.  I hung up, went on the website and was going to research it there.  I was unable to print their catering menu due to the way they have it uploaded on the web.  So I called back to talk to someone about catering.  After being on hold another FIVE MINUTES, Thelma came on the line and I asked her to fax me a catering menu...she asked me to hold so she could get a catering manager on the phone. I told her I had already lost 10 minutes of my life to holding for that already, gave her my number and asked her to fax me the catering menu.  A moot point, because if it takes 10 minutes to get someone on the line, how good is the catering service going to be?  I'll be getting my catering from another company :(
4	I love this place, every time I visit they have great customer service it's usually fast and we'll kept, food is amazing love love love Carolina's...
2	Not impressed.  Save your money and go to a newer fresher ingredients place.  I came here 2 weeks ago after a long day at work hoping to catch a quick meal.  I ordered 2 chicken tacos.  What I got was a soggy greasy mess with rice and refried beans that could be out of a can.  The are where the sauces are obtained looked old and dirty like no one had cleaned for a week.  I know this place has good reviews and is a Phoenix staple but I'm unimpressed.  Maybe once upon a time this place was the bomb, and that's why people keep going.   But as a first timer- it was gross at best and I can probably cook a less fattening meal at home.  Try paqime instead on central and Dunlap.
5	Carolina's has awesome food. Love the machaca beef and really good flour tortillas. We also ordered from them to cater a party and delivery was on time and all the food was excellent.
4	This is one of my favorite places to get some really good Tex Mex in this part of town. The food is always fresh and the seating area is usually packed full of happy customers.Normally get one of their tasty Burritos and drench it in their homemade salsa. The Tortillas are made to order and this is definitely what makes this place so wonderfully delicious.The menu here is pretty large and offers several combination plates as well. It is always fun watching the newbees standing in line with all their excitement. You can tell they have not been here yet and can't wait to check it out.Get here early for lunch or visit during off peak hours. The seating area gets very crowded and you may even get to share a table. No worries. Everyone is super friendly here.This is not a high end restaurant and it more or less reminds me of the kind of Tex Mex that we used to eat back in TX. Just fresh fast food and a simple eating area to consume it.Bring the whole family and a hearty appetite. This place is great for kids too. Just remember those delicious tortillas can be brought home for a snack later too. ESTOY LISTO!3.75 STARS
4	The food is very tasty. It has a distinct flavor that is unique to Carolina's. Often I'll find myself craving their food. The menu is simple. I can choose from variations of burros, chimichangas, or pick from their combination list. The real attraction is the speed of service - they're fast. You can see them hustling.The dining area is ample. It's definitely not a fancy place, but it's great for a breakfast burro or lunch.
4	I always get the chicken taco, it's amazingly good if you don't mind a little grease. Call in your order ahead of time-it's always insanely busy, and make sure you check that you have everything. They've forgotten to give me my order of chips a few times, which is really a bummer because the chips are some of the best I've ever tasted.
4	Great place, but I suggest ordering to go. Call ahead and pick up so you don't have to wait. I love watching them make the large flour tortillas in the back. Be sure to order a dozen to go. Everything is good on the menu, so you cannot go wrong.
5	I'd prefer you not go so the line wouldn't be as long! Just kidding because this place is the real deal. Whatever you order will be authentic and delicious.  The tamales, Burros, tacos, enchilada's are legit!  No matter what you get, add a dozen of their homemade tortillas to be blown away. It's obviously great because every time I go, there are many other regulars waiting for their fix. If you call ahead, you will get to pick up your order at a separate counter and will get to skip the line.
1	We ordered a cator meal for everyone and the portions were very very small and not worth the money we paid for.  The manager refused to do anything extra and said it was fine but it was not.  They said it would feed 8 people but not enough for everyone.  Very misleading and no future catering will be done with them.
5	Best tortillas and enchiladas.  Love Love Love this gem!
4	Love the breakfast burritos especially the big meaty tasty chorizo and egg.   The machaca is great stuff as well.  More than casual place with quality food.
4	This place is great! Came here once for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised by how good my meal was. (I really wasn't expecting anything great due to the very mixed reviews). I got the chicken enchiladas combo. My SO was basically eating off my plate (he just got a chicken burro...I though it was pretty tasty too, great tortilla).  Dinner for 2 came to just over $11 bucks. So it's salty, greasy and carb loaded, but if you're eating at a fast food mexican restaurant, this is expected! Unfortunately, this is not very 'fast food' due to the number of patrons who frequent this place. Average wait for dinner is 25 to 30 minutes. Just call ahead and do take out. That's what I plan to do from now on.
5	Best mexican food in the valley! This is my go-to everytime I'm in Phoenix and craving something delicious. Quick, affordable and tasty!
5	Carolinas burritos are on fiyaaaaaaa!!!!!! Amazing flavor and this is probably because of the fresh made flour tortillas. Check it out!
4	This is a great place to come for Mexican food if you're in Paradise Valley however if it is a Friday or Saturday night you might want to call in your order because it does take time.
5	Carolinas is the pinnacle of Mexican in my view. My wife catered a birthday of mine from here.  The burritos and tacos are killer.
