3	Located right outside of the ever busy Berri-UQAM metro station and at the corner of the Latin Quarter, it's no wonder that this below ground restaurant always has a line up at the cashier. The incredibly affordable freshly pre-packaged options are plentiful: all different sizes of boxed sushi, salads (Greek, pasta, or Vietnamese), Vietnamese salad rolls, and sweets. If you've got time though, the made to order banh-mi and bubble tea are worth the wait.   Besides the few coveted seats on the sidewalk patio out front, the dim, but air conditioned dining area features clean seating and televisions looping the latest news and weather.
4	This place seems to have the best Banh Mi in Ville-Marie and is on par with the average (not exceptional) places you'd find in California.  The bread is fresh and toasted when you order, the vegetables look like they've actually been chopped on the same day, and the coriander has more leaves than stems.  All that and bubble tea too, or basil seed drink, aloe drink, or other interesting libations if you prefer.
5	Coming from California, I wasn't sure if Vua could compare to some of the authentic asian food featured in California. However, Vua tastes just as good, if not better. The staff that makes the food only really speak French. But, not to worry: All the cashiers speak excellent English! I recommend the #7 (BBQ Pork)  Banh Mi Sandwich. If you're willing to spend  few extra bucks, pick up some egg rolls when you check out. They're some of the best in Montreal and worth it...
4	Hey Hey, it's the SAMMIES!Super Yummy here number 1!The samiches are good, two sizes too, 7 and 10 inches. Well made with decent french bread, rather cheap as well, under 3 for 7 and 3.50 at 10.The smoothies here were really good too, used a little more mango powder than other places, but that isn't a bad thing. It was a tasty treat for everyone =)
5	I LOVE Vietnamese fast food! This place has all the basic Vietnamese snacks like nem, banh beo, che (sweet bean drinks) for such a reasonable price. They also sell Vietnamese coffee for only 2.95 or something around that price and bubble tea. Their sandwiches are their signature products. The Saigon Dac Biet is my favorite, with pate, ham, and pork...so delicious. There's also an amazing vegetarian one as well. All their sandwiches are good actually, it's not a hit or miss kind of thing, though I recommend getting the Viet ones not the regular "Western" sandwiches. Their sushi is mediocre, I wouldn't go there for sushi for sure. They also have cakes and pastries here and there. Service is decent and there's a great lounge upstairs on the top of Thai Express that is nice and quiet (if you like that kind of ambiance and prefer noiseless areas than the main dining area) This is my ultimate food spot when I hit St. Denis street. A definite must try!
3	Great if you want a quick bite or if you are on the go! Cool home made drink / single wrap sushi and sandwich this is the typical asian express store that you can find in new york or toronto in Montreal! Great concept!
5	This place is magnificent. I'm vegetarian and there were plenty of delicious sandwich options, all for about $3.  If you're going veggie, I would get the vegetarian chay on the Banh Mi menu - it is more flavorful than the avocado (my husband got the avocado - and I won.)It's deli counter service, but there's a patio and some seating indoors. Great location too. Right across the street from the National Film Board. Great for a sunny day and a walk on St. Denis before a movie.
4	They have nice variety of sandwiches which are quite cheap starting at 2.95$They also have bubble tea, and ice coffee, and pre-made meals including sushi. If you buy a pre-made meal you get a free spring roll!!!I work close by and sometimes when i don't bring my lunch, this is a good option for cheap lunch.They also have vegetarian sandwich and spring rolls for those who don't eat meat. We don't have a lot of vietnamese sandwich places in mtl, but this place is fun and has tons of choices... I like it a lot and I go often :)The place is small but it looks clean and presentable, and cheap too, it's cool.
4	Vua Sandwichs is a unique, unassuming Vietnamese restaurant on St. Denis.  They offer take-out style Vietnamese sandwiches, sushi, salads, side dishes and beverages.  The restaurant itself is clean, well let and has seating in both the cafeteria area and upstairs.The Vietnamese and regular sandwiches start at 3$ each for a 7", and 3.50$ for a 10".  There are enough vegetarian options between the sushi, salads and sandwiches.  Most of the cooked, Chinese style food had fish or meat in it. Vua offers lots of discounts on bulk purchases such as buy 5 pieces of sushi, get 1 free and buy 3 sandwiches, get 1 free.  These are great options for catering and parties.   There are lots of beverage options including aloe drinks, bubble tea, Vietnamese coffee, both hot and cold and smoothies.  If you're looking for cheap, quick and fresh food near Berri-UQAM, then this is a great choice.
5	My friends and I were very impressed with this sandwich shop. This is the best viet sub we've experienced better than any here in Toronto. Sandwiches were well made, fast, and didn't cost too much.Even though it was basement level the place was professional and well designed. They offer diverse set of drinks and snacks. This place is so professional and well organized that it makes you think it's a chain. Kudos to the owners for creating such a good experience.
4	This small shop on St. Denis has some awesome Vietnamese Bahn Mi. You can pick your ingredients from a board with offerings like BBQ pork, shredded pork meat, avocado and chicken. The bread, for a deli, are great and not too crusty. Costs are low and the bubble tea is fresh. Try the mango bbtea!
3	I avoided Vua for a long time because it looked so much like a chain restaurant.  I was expecting the Vietnamese version of Thai Express or Sushi Shop. Turns out I was wrong and it's actually just an independent shop that clearly aspires to be the Vietnamese fast food franchise chain of note.At first I thought I arrived in a convenience store (and in some ways it is), but they also have a deli counter where I ordered a Saigon style 10" Bahn Mi. Their ten inch sandwich was too much for me, next time I'll stick to the regular size.My sandwich was ready mere minutes after ordering.  The staff don't slack, they can get really hammered during lunch time and at $2.95 a sandwich, volume is where their profits lie.Most of the interior is lined with shelves and refrigerators bursting with an impressive assortment of ready made Asian goodies.  It spans from Banh Mi of course to Sushi and Bubble Tea, and lots and lots of imported snacks and drinks.  If you need an Asian fix, but Chinatown is too far away, Vua might satisfy your cravings. They even have a few tables near the entrance and a small terrace for customers.I'm not really an expert on Vietnamese sandwiches, but I have had the real thing.  While not as good as the original, they do serve up a reasonable facsimile.  Is there better Banh Mi in Montreal? Probably, but sometimes it's all about location and Vua is in an incredible spot, and at $2.95 you'll not find a cheaper lunch in the area.
5	After three days of limited vegetarian options in Montreal (let alone GOOD vegetarian options), I trekked in here waiting to be disappointed. Never happened. This was probably the best sandwich I've had in my life. Ingredients were super fresh, including the bread which was perfectly crispy. The sauces they used definitely also MADE the sandwich. I also tried the veg spring roll (?) by the cash register. Good, but the sauce they give you with that is way too sweet/fruity. Really above all other details, there's: I got my first sandwich here on Sunday morning. Finished it before getting on the metro. Spent 8 hours thinking about it. Came back to Berri UQAM, got two more. (One for "dinner" and one for when I was back home.) Service was also very nice & fast both times I went in there. I can only hope a version of VUA opens up in Brooklyn soon.
4	This unassuming basement shop boasts an impressive selection of drinks, snacks, rice boxes, sushi, and desserts. There are a few small tables in the lower level shop, but if the cafe is full, there's seating outside and plentiful space upstairs.I ordered a veggie sandwich, taro bubble tea, and coconut tapioca cup. The sandwich was listed as 7" but looked a little on the small side. The tofu/carrot filling made for a satisfying vegetarian option. The bread was denser and less crisp than the french baguettes I've had at other banh mi shops.  On the other hand, the chewier bread made the small sandwich more filling. Taro bubble tea had great flavor but the cup was stuffed to brim with ice cubes.. reminiscent of Starbuck's volume-filler trick. Minor complaints aside, Vua is exactly the kinda joint I'd like to make a daily stop in. The selection is wide and the service is fast.
3	Got a TON of food from this place: chicken banh mi, chicken wings, two avocado/cucumber sushi boxes, sesame ball, shrimp spring roll, chicken spring roll and a basil seed drink.Stingy with chicken banh mi but very flavorful & fresh ingredients.  Loved the sauce they put in it.  I've had better in NYC though.Chicken wings could use more flavor but at 30% off, what's the problem.  Same applies to the sushi.  They also water down their soy sauce tremendously to the point of almost no flavor.  Sping rolls could also use more flavor.  I've made better at home.  Peanut sauce is helpful with flavor but again, could use more bang.  Sesame ball is better at dim sum.Loved the basil seed drink.  Not too sweet with a bit of chewy crunch.  Yum.Fed two people dinner and breakfast for $20, what's the [big] problem?
4	Shredded chicken sandwich had great flavor, but the bread to meat/veggies ratio was way off (and they completely left out chilis!).   Next time I'm getting a 10" and am Titanic-ing the contents to give me a meaty 5" banh mi.
2	Holy scheisse, this place has high reviews. I pray none of them are for the Vietnamese sandwich, which was by far the worst banh mi I've ever tasted.An array of Vua's 10" Vietnamese sandwiches are $2.95 after 9pm. What a steal! They won't toast them, though, because apparently they turn off the ovens by then. The sandwich is already pre-assembled and bagged so you can be in and out in under a minute.  We went with the classic. Unfortunately the sandwich was terrible - did they put onion gravy in it??? There was an excess of something cloyingly sweet and sticky that is completely foreign to all my banh mi endeavors. The pickled veggies inside were mushy and tasteless instead of providing crunch or tartness. The bread, of course, was spongy and cold but didn't seem like it'd hold up as toasted baguette either. If there was pate in it -sigh!- then it was swallowed up by the strange gooey sweetness. Quebec, of all places to ruin a pate! I had neither high nor low expectations for this place - just hungry! but the banh mi was just a huge disappointment on all fronts besides price.Come here if you just want to be full; 3 bucks for almost a foot of sandwich is a sweet deal. But if you actually know what banh mi tastes like, avoid avoid avoid Vua's offerings.
5	No. 14, hold the mayo! My regular stop for dinner the last time I was in Montreal. I couldn't stop thinking about that veggie bahn mi when I went back home.
4	Aaaaamazing. I want to go back, right now.I ordered a BBQ pork banh mi, I wish they stuffed it with more pork but it was a GREAT sandwich. Even the food stored in the fridges looked delicious and fresh. The service is quick, the prices are affordable and reasonable, and they have some good deals too. On a nice day, take your food out to their little patio and soak up the sun. You will not be disappointed!
5	Walked in, walked out with an excellent sandwich in about 5 minutes. So affordable. You wonder why you ever pay double for subway. Ordered the sardine bahn mi and couldn't stop smiling. So good. So worth going. I want to eat everything there.
4	I really like this place.  I always order like 6+ sandwiches and take it home to eat for the week haha bc I'm a pig and I also like it for my lunch for the week when I'm too lazy to do groceries.  I believe you can a discount when you order more.  I'll will be going back soon :)  It is also very healthy and better than Subway.  You get more for your money too!
4	My first banh mi in Montreal! This was cheap ($3 CAD), filling, and perfect to take with me on the plane ride home. This tiny little Vietnamese sandwich shop serves readymade sandwiches, rice balls, and bento-type lunch boxes, in addition to the Subway-style assembly line where they will make a fresh banh mi sandwich of your choice. You can also get boba drinks and have a seat at one of their 3-4 small tables. Bathroom is upstairs in the Thai restaurant. I guess it's a shared space... Nice friendly staff, although some don't speak English, only Vietnamese and French!
2	Last time they gave me less meat on my sandwich so you're lucky to get 2stars bc I like to eat.. Be NICE to touristy yelpers!  Just go to Toronto Banh Mi Boys for the real good stuff..I'm going there next (very meaty).
4	I'm seriously starting to love Vietnamese food. I've been craving a decent "Bahn mi" sandwich now for some now. I've bookmarked this place thanks to reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a shot yesterday.I was NOT disappointed! I went with the BBQ Pulled Pork and the Grilled Chicken. Both were good but the Pulled Pork was out of this world! And for what... $3 each? SAY WHAT?!?They have nice variety of sandwiches (at least 30!) as well as have bubble tea, iced coffee, and pre-made meals including sushi. If you buy a pre-made meal you get a free spring roll!!!SAY WHAT?!?The service is OK but ordering from a lady who can't understand English or French and needed repeated instructions was a bit of a put-off. So I made sure the Bahn mi was done according to my taste. The woman in front of me was irate since she screwed up her order. So beware of that.I'm definitely going to come back here.How can I say no to a $3 delicious sandwich?
5	Definitely as good as it gets for $3.79. Wish we had a Vua in the States! Sandwich ingredients were fresh and bread perfectly toasted. The cilantro + garlic spread combo was right on. Don't skip out on the bubble tea either!
4	This was my go-to place when I needed a good, cheap Vietnamese sandwich. Although the workers usually only speak French/Vietnamese, all the sandwiches are labeled by numbers on the big screen, so it's not too difficult to communicate. About $3, and I always get the little sesame dessert balls for about $1.50. All sushi and to-go items are 30% (maybe 20%, not sure) after 9pm. They sell individual pieces of sushi (shrimp, salmon, egg, etc.) for 99 cents which I think is great if you need a small fix.Also, the milk tea + boba is kind of pricey here, but I'm also a California native where I can get it for $2. Here it's around $4ish dollars. Come here for a good banh mi in Montreal. I miss you, BBQ pork sandwich aka #7.
2	not the best banh mi i have eaten in my life as i'm near the hot spot, st-denis/jean-talon which house better banh mi shops (outside of cote-des-neiges)i get them free through my hook up (family member) and as they say, free always tastes better but after being spoiled by toronto style banh mi (which is shorter and meatier), nothing really come close except maybe going straight to the source, a trip to Vietnamsome people rave about it. as for i, well, i won't complain too much. i forgot, the pork is way better than the chicken though. the sauce they put in the chicken banh mi makes me want to throw up. i don't know what it is but there's something in it. i love chicken but i can't stand chicken banh mi for some reasonps. prepare for some onion breath. they really go wild on them onions
3	I'm not a banh mi expert but I really enjoyed my roasted chicken sandwich and bubble tea. I think my tea cost more than my sandwich (cheap sandwich, not expensive tea). Good value for a quick and nutritious lunch. The small seating area was clean but quite crowded. I think this will be a good spot to pick up a picnic on the way to the Jardin Botanique when the weather gets nicer.
3	The bubble  is great with many choices but the sandwiched is not great enough. Tasted ok but I used to have some better. The sushi is not good, taste like sushi in can ( not recommended) but if you check after 8 or 9pm with 30% off that's more acceptable with the price - Bubble tea & meats balls are better choices. A nice spot to have a quick drink with friends before continuing to explore the city
4	Amazing Viet sandwich, not as delicious as the one i tried in Saigon before. 10pouce  just 4$. they have many choices also sushi and prepared meals - good place for quick lunch or even dinner.After 9pm they have 30% off for sushis. They are still good not so fresh but acceptable.The bubble tea is a must too. A sandwich & a bubble tea are a perfect combination
5	Cheap. Fast. Delicious. The banh mi was awesome. Carrots and radishes were pickled ever so tart. The bread was toasted to perfection. They also had sushi and other goodies if sandwiches aren't your thing. My only complaint is that the tapioca pudding (che) wasn't of the consistency that it's suppose to be. It was very thick and kind of fell apart. It's suppose to be smooth and creamy but the fault in dessert won't keep me from coming back for their awesome sandwiches.
5	The "banh mi" and Milk coffee are perfect together. And in the summer, they even have  Vietnamese-styled "Banana ice-cream". If you are Vietnamese, you'll know what I'm taking about
4	Cheap. Friendly. Tasty. What more could one want?  I'll definetly be back.
4	Considering that I've been eating Banh Mi from Garden Grove, California - Vua Sandwiches appeals to me for a number of reasons. Service: The service here is pretty friendly. They gave us some good suggestions and could tell that we were from out of town. They speak both Vietnamese and French here. They gave us two complimentary Cafe Sua Da which were strong and tasty! Just like how a french pressed coffee should be.Food: The sandwiches here are much more rich than the ones that I had in Orange County...mainly because they put a lot of mayonaise/butter sauce on the outside. They even offer to toast it for you. I had the Dac Biet (Special) and tried some of the Xa Xiu (BBQ pork) which were all really tasty. The pate is rich and is probably some of the best pate that I have had. They also offer some take out sushi and che along with french baked goods. You can buy some food to go (there is limited seating) or enjoy your sandwiches out in the park. We took our sandwiches back to our hotel. Bottom Line: Buy 5 sandwiches and get a free drink!
5	Cheap. Cheap. Cheap.For the price the food tastes fantastic and fills you up nicely. It's perfect for students or for anyone needing something to eat during a quick lunch break.
4	One of my favorite places to go if i want a banh mi! its super good and cheap, they offer a lot of choices, a selection of bbtea and boxed sushi
