5	I took my 7yr old son and 9yr old niece to this place Monday evening. We arrived around 6:30 and the parking lot was practically empty. I was shocked, knowing I had a friend go here and she said it was packed. It turns out they had come on a early release day from school so it was busy. My kids had a BLAST!!!  I know for some people the pricing would feel expensive, There are many price levels depending on the age and jump time. I feel like it was worth the money I spent for them to have the fun they had. They only stopped for a water break. We stayed for about an hour & half.  Both kids said when we left, "i'm so tired I'm going right to bed when I get home!!!" Who wouldn't love a place that would make a kid say tha??t!!!  The staff was very attentive and quick to their posts, even though, there were only a few people jumping. I was impressed by that!
5	My kids had the BEST time here at a recent birthday party -- a place for every age -- I soo want to go back and do the jumping myself, it would be a great workout and fun for everyone :)    They did a great job!
5	I came here with my sister as a guest for a yelp event. My little one had so much fun I had to drag her out! So we made a play date for Wednesday to meet her very best little friend there. I check out the website see the deal for wednesday morning. We show up and the place looks closed but there is an exercise group we wait around finally someone notices us and comes to tell us it is closed. I explain what I saw on the website and was told that was an error. Bummer for the little ones. She totally made it right and gave us both free passes to come back. Which we will it is so much fun!
1	All the employees seemed to be in a bad mood.  Unfriendly staff.  I was overcharged... and I brought it to their attention beforehand. I was told it didn't matter what the website says... I would have to pay what the fees stated at the location.  Manager was condescending.  Crummy experience!
1	My son sustained a concussion at this place and the employees could care less!  Although it is set up to have a ton of fun, accidents like this one could be prevented if the staff actually responded to complaints.  Apathetic teenagers are in charge of your child's safety.  We're still waiting to find out the extent of my son's head injury.  Learn from our mistake and take your children to a safer environment.
5	Wow what a great place to have a party.  My son who was turning 6 wanted to have his birthday party at AZ Air time.  We had about 20 guests not including adults and each and everyone had lots of fun.  With energetic boys this is a must.  They were able to jump and get all that energy out.  The party planning gals and pals did a great job making his birthday a success.  We will be back for a fun day of jumping.  Thank you for a wonderful birthday party.  Great fun Great service Great birthday, Thank you!Happy customer.
4	A great place to go in the heat for your kiddos to burn off some energy!  My nephew (who is 14) loved jumping around in this place- particularly the foam pit.  My son (who is only one) enjoyed the area in the back specifically for younger kids (I think it's for age 4 and younger).  You do occassionally have to look out for older kids getting into the toddler area but the staff was pretty good about getting them out of there once reported.  I recommend bringing your kid some water or gatorade- they will be working up a sweat.  But there is a snack bar in the back if you need!
4	All I can say is Yippie!!! We took the kids ( ages 16, 15, 12, and 8) and they all enjoyed it! My husband and I even jumped! We held my youngest daughters birthday party here as well and they staff was so helpful and made sure all the kids had a great time. They were so tired from jumping they went right to bed! Huge score! We don't quite understand the point of the cards they handed out to us after the party.. we thought they were gift cards redeemable on our next visit but apparently its just some kind of jump ahead of the line card... whatever.. still a great place!!
3	Purchased the LivingSocial coupon for the location and upon walking in, discovered that all the individuals were early teenagers and younger. I did not feel comfortable as a mid-20s male with a early-20s female trampolining with young children as their parents watched from the benches.Returned the LivingSocial with no issue.
4	I attended a birthday party at AZ Air Time this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised by how clean it was and how much fun my 2 year old son had jumping around with his friends.  The facility is huge and includes a 5000 square foot main trampoline, separate jump areas based on age, 2 dodgeball courts, party areas, a snack bar, a foam pit, and a ton more... Luckily, there were a handful of staff members working, but none of them were supervising the kids, so make sure you have a 1:1 adult to kid ratio if your kid(s) are at the age where they need supervision.  While the party had our own area blocked off, there was another party going on in the same area, so it was a tad bit chaotic, but a blast for the kids.  They brought in NYPD Pizza and I'm pretty sure the hostess brought in her own fruit, veggies, cake and goodie bags.If you're looking for somewhere to burn off some energy, or for your kids to play, this is definitely a great option - as long as you plan on supervising!  Be prepared to sign your life away before you jump as well - waivers are required!
1	The place is fun but the way they manage the 30 year olds that act like 12 year olds is a joke. It's unfortunate that there are always a few that can ruin everyone's time.
1	If I could have selected a minus 5 rating, I would have.  I also should have read all of the negative posts as I seems this is a pattern with this place.  This was supposed to be a children's facility where we could peacefully host our son's birthday party.  Instead our experience became an absolute nightmare.  The management, specifically the party planner acting as the 'manager' on a Saturday afternoon, was extremely rude and has no concept of customer service.  When we arrived at the facility to greet our 'party host', Jessica was unsmiling and we were curtly asked to wait.  We had 25 kids, (all between 3 and 6 years old) at the party and thank goodness there were enough parents watching their children because most of the staff would disappear into some back room.  Finally, I received our bill and it was too high, off by at least $100.  When I asked our party host to please correct the bill and then we could pay it, she brought the bill back two minutes later stating the manager had modified it.  When I looked at the total, it was still the same total but with modified line items.  I took the bill to the manager myself and asked her what was going on.  She insisted the bill was lower and that I was mistaken.  I tried to explain the math of adding and subtracting and she was unwilling to listen to me nor would she explain how they got to that amount.  She then immediately threatened me by stating that if I didn't pay the bill, she would contact the police.  I told her that was a form of extortion and I needed to speak with the owner, she called me a name and stomped off.  As I waited for her to return to pay the corrected bill and tried to speak with other workers, they indicated she was on the phone with the owner.  Thirty minutes later I turn around and a Phoenix Police Officer is talking to her.  I waited by the cash register for them to come over to me.  I don't know what lies she had told him but he came over and insisted I pay.  I am so disgusted by this incident and have never been treated so poorly by anyone.  This is a warning for everyone to double check your bill and ensure its accuracy.  Although, it seems they can simply call the police, tell lies and force a payment without any explanation.  I sent an email to the owner about the incident that same night about a week ago and never heard back.  I have a feeling she will after this post.  Then I read the other posts about the management bullying people to pay whatever amount. Please read this and do not host a party or go to this awful place!
4	I love taking my kids here. Perfect place for them to play and exercise without knowing they are exercising. Supporters if Phoenix Children's Hospital, discounts for kids with physical issues, such as my daughter. If you haven't been, bring your kids and enjoy! They will love it. Snack bar is awesome too!!!
5	Fun place, super music, clean facility and friendly employees. Great way to have spent a rainy Saturday. I suggest having the cashier also provide the bracelets. After waiting online for a long time, to only be told to stand in another line just to get a bracelet is very annoying, especially for excited kids. Not very efficient.
5	I highly recommend this location! Our family has jumped here for a while now! It is very clean and they have free WiFi!!!Easy area to get to and you cant miss it. Tons of parking too! We go year round, but majority of it is during those hot months when you're cooped up in the house. They have daily deals on their website, each day is different. So don't forget to check that out.If you buy/receive a gift card your kids can use it yo jump and even something from the snack bar. So I recommend them as gifts.What kid doesn't love the foam pit! They keep the air flowing for those sweaty kids. Of course sometimes it does smell like sweaty kids, but thank goodness the air is cranking! So you don't gag when you're in there :) sweaty kids also means they're having a blast! Thanks AZ Air Time team! You guys rock! See you soon and tons this summer.
4	Came here becuase of groupon, it was really nice. Wish they had a place for people older than 12. Most places were cordoned off for 12 years old and under. Overall I would come back again. One really cool thing they have is that they have a side trampoline in the foam pit so its pretty cool for side flips!
5	I took my 10 year old son and his friends this past Saturday morning to the Tucson/Marana location. Wow what a cool experience as a spectator and snack bar consumer. No complaints great time very attentive staff and we agreed to change his birthday party from the previous pizza place to here in December. If you have not gone yet, go you will not be disappointed unless you think about why didn't i think of this as you watch 200 plus kids play.
5	We live in Las Vegas but visit family in Scottsdale often and my two boys BEG to go to AZ Airtime. They love it and have a great time. They spend 100% of their time playing dodgeball. They play for two hours, but if I let them they'd stay for four. If we lived here I would buy a membership. This place is much better than a similar business in Las Vegas because dodgeball is always available.
5	My hubby and I came here to hang out with our niece and nephew who absolutely love this place.  They could probably be here all day and be happy.  An hour of jumping is plenty for me, because I am sweating buckets after about 15 minutes of jumping.  Beware, because muscles you didn't know you had anymore will hurt after jumping here for an hour or so.  Even on busy days, there never seems to be too many people jumping at once.  They keep this place very clean, and the wristband system keeps jumping times organized.  My niece had her birthday party here and had a ton of fun.
4	While visiting family in AZ, we took the kids here. There was special online and it was only 11.00 for 2 hours, I believe. Can't beat that, and it was a welcome break from the pool (imagine that!) and being stuck inside the house during the day. (So hot here now)It had all the kid-pleasers including dodge-ball, foam pit, and free-play in a safe environment. Just hose your kids down with antibacterial (or bleach) when you get them home. (Just kidding...)
5	Nice and clean setting for indoor trampoline jumping. Good work out for both kids and adults.
4	Nice plan for kids to get their energy out! Clean & the staff is very friendly. $11 for each kid for 1h... a little pricey.
5	We had a birthday party there for my 8 year-old son, and it was fantastic.  The kids all had a blast,  and the staff was very helpful. They ordered the pizza for us (both regular and gluten free), and guided us through everything.  We reserved the upstairs area because we had 25 kids. The huge chalkboard in the room was a lot of fun too.
4	Took the kids I nanny for and everyone had fun! Great place for kids and adults. Prices are okay and staff could be more amiable but overall very fun time. Definitely check it out, good way to make the kids tire out!
4	This is the 3nd time we've been & we'll deff be back ! My son. & I have such a fun day I was a good sport and joined him, this place is cool for a few reasons 1. It makes him super tired2. It makes him real happy & lots of other kids to play with3. Massage chairs are actually worth the $ and time ahhh I played on my phone & got a quick rub down.  It was the bomb.com
