1	Got to store checked in...then found out you have to buy a mattress in order to get two free pillows...not cool should have been up front about that
5	I'm so glad there's a Relax the Back close to my Las Vegas location - ever since I was rear ended buy some guy who wasn't paying attention to the road, I've been needing special cushions and pillows, and I've gotten most of them from here.  The staff is helpful, and they have lots of products that make sleeping, sitting, and relaxing more comfortable for me and anyone else with back, neck, pelvis, etc. issues.  And I did get my check-in discount.
5	This store is great!  My husband and I needed a new bed and we wanted to try the Temperpedic models.  We heard from a friend that this store had all of the models to try, so we went.  It was such a nice shopping experience from start to finish!  First, we had no clue where to start and asked a lot of dumb questions to our sales person.  She was so very nice and helped us and answered everything, even when we probably asked it repeatedly.  She never rushed us and let us try everything over and over until we finally agreed on a model we both liked and enjoyed.  No one in the store was pushy or in your face, yet they were always there when you did have a question or would offer suggestions when they could see we were having issues trying to decide on our final purchase.  If you are in the market for a new bed, go try out the samples at this store and shop in peace!
5	I have been shopping here for several years. I have purchased a bed, a zero gravity chair, an inversion table, desk chairs, and other assorted items. The products are excellent and they deliver the promised results. The products are not cheap, but cost way less than a back injury would. I have several more items on my wish list and am thankful this company exists.
1	The staff are polite and courteous until you make your purchase.  After they have your money they treat you like a second class citizen and blow you off even though your concern is legitimate.  I purchased a TechTouch massage chair that sells for over $5,000 after taxes.  I paid in full... no financing or anything.They sent two delivery men to setup and install the chair.  One of them must have been having a horrible day because he was pretty rude to me as well as his coworker.  I should mention his eyes were very bloodshot, but he did not smell like drugs or alcohol.  They spent roughly an hour setting it up.  As soon as they left I inspected the chair and found they didn't even hook the back up correctly.  I immediately called the store and asked for them to come back and finish assembly.  The rude employee came back in and 1-2 minutes later popped it into place and left without saying a single word.  During this visit they damaged my doorway (chipped the wood and paint) because they didn't have the patience or courtesy to bring it in carefully.  Plus, my $5,000 massage chair came brand new with a long streak of paint off of my own door.  So not only did they damage my doorway, they also stained the chair.Also worth mentioning is that the delivery men trampled an expensive Turkish rug that was several feet away from the hardwood area where they were assembling the chair.  It's almost like they wiped their shoes on it over and over because it's filthy.  I bought it 3 days before their arrival so it was brand new until they showed up.  I shampooed it for an hour and it's still stained.  Thanks, Relax the Back, for trashing my doorway, chair, and new rug.I used the chair that night and found the shoulder pads were not functioning.  Upon further inspection there was an air hose and 2 electrical connectors dangling from the back that were not connected.  I called them again and got another bothered employee.  They insisted this was a manufacturer defect.  They repeatedly said that some hoses get kinked and that this is causing the shoulders not to work.Funny, why WOULDN'T THEY HAVE TOLD ME THIS PRIOR TO MY PURCHASE?... they wanted your money at all costs.  After my insisting they come back out and that I see hoses and connectors dangling they finally agreed to send someone out.  A salesperson came out to repair the chair.  He spent 30 minutes or so opening the chair and connecting it.  Three days later I noticed there was an issue with the speakers and that they were not operating properly.  I again called the store.This time I was told this would be a warranty issue (EVEN THOUGH I'VE HAD THE CHAIR LESS THAN 10 DAYS) and that I would need to contact the manufacturer... again, this shows a lack of service AFTER they got my money.  Before then they were accommodating and polite.  I contacted the manufacturer.  They sent a rep to my home to fix the speaker issue.  Upon his arrival he noticed hoses running along the side of the chair and he said that is not how the chair should be assembled.  Big surprise... Relax the Back failed me again.He replaced the speaker section of the chair and still found the speakers not functioning properly.  He then wondered if the issue was in the assembly, which wouldn't surprise me one bit.  He had to leave and reschedule so that he could have adequate time to disassemble and reassemble the chair.It is now January 21, only 18 days since the chair was delivered and I'm already experiencing every issue a customer can.Spend 10 minutes online comparing prices and you'll see for yourself that they're overpriced.  I purchased a Jesper sit stand desk online for $1160 shipped and assembled... Relax the Back charged $2,300 for the very same one!Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY from this place.  It will only lead to headaches and high blood pressure.UPDATE 1/31/14:  Despite his friendly response below, I want to point out that Chris knew of my situation from the start and didn't do anything to try and resolve it until 2 days ago after reading my negative Yelp review.  In fact, he knew I purchased the desk somewhere else for a cheaper price over 2 months ago... I told them right in the store, yet this is the first I'm hearing of a price match or anything of that sort.  Funny how he never addressed any of this until my review was seen.  Also of note, he has known of the issues with the chair/delivery/etc., since they first occurred.  Unless of course, this happens to all of their customers and he has me confused with another customer whose new chair was setup incorrectly, doorway was damaged, and brand new $1,000 area rug was ruined.  I did speak with him this week.  They offered to reimburse me the cost of having it cleaned, although I'm skeptical.  I will update my review if that happens.
5	I refer all of my patients to this store for one reason, it has a complete showroom of anything you are curious about: tempurpedic beds, pillows, wedges, cushions, ergonomic chairs, neck supports, hand-held massagers, laptop stands, and especially inversion tables.  Located at the Southeast corner of Charleston and Ft. Apache just before it turns into Rampart., same place as Whole Foods.  The products are great quality, not junk, and they finance.Review updated on 8/12/14: This review above got filtered by Yelp.  Just wanted to mention that I spent over $700 in products for myself personally.  So it is not all business promoting.
2	I have back and neck problems and went into this store on a referral from a friend. I was desperate for relief and interested in several products I saw on the company website. The salesman who was working Saturday morning really wasn't interested in selling me any of them though. He couldn't answer my questions. He wasn't excited about letting me try a massage chair and inversion table. And in both cases he roughly put me in place and walked away leaving me struggling to get myself out of a painful situation. I asked about a few other things and he was quick to tell me this is a franchise store so they don't carry everything on the corporate website. Overall I was very disappointed in the level of service so I didn't get a chance to determine if any of the products would be useful. I went in ready to purchase a bed or a massage chair or whatever felt good. I guess the good news is I left with all my money.
