4	This place does an awesome job of processing film.  I have tried other places to develop 35mm rolls of film (such as Rtiz Camera), but they don't compare to the type of quality that you will get from Photo Shack.  The only thing is that this place is a bit pricey, but it makes up for it from the quality and service.The owners of this place are really friendly and nice people.  Also, this place is in a great location for college students, since it is right across from UNLV.
5	I just got some prints back from here and they look fantastic!!!!  The owners are very nice and accommodating.  Prices are the best I've found in town so far.  They have many different sizes and papers to choose from and they're quick, a must for getting that last min print done!!
5	I have a penchant for all things analog and these guys have been my go-to for film processing in town for a number of years now - first as a photo student at UNLV - now as a graduate.  I shoot medium format slide film and get it x-pro'd here - and the results have always been great!  They're one of the last places that develop film in town now that Sahara Camera doesn't any longer - so be sure to give them your business. Even if I haven't been by in months - they still remember my last name.  Genuinely nice folks and awesome processing.
5	I shoot medium format film as a hobby, and as far as I know the Photo Shack are the "it" guys in town. I am very happy every time I visit there: world-class developing and prints, fantastic customer service (owners are knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating) and a very fair price. I highly recommend the Photo Shack to anyone in the Las Vegas area.
5	Excellent! I brought in two photos that are close to 100 years old in for scanning. They managed to scan the photos through the frames, which couldnt be removed due to their fragile 100 year old state. The scans came out amazing, they corrected some of the image flaws, and provided high quality scans that will last a lifetime. Note, they are a bit spendy, but in the end you get what you pay for!!
5	Amazing. Super nice people who went above and beyond to help me make my photos look their best. And was so much less expensive than I was thinking.Would highly recommend.
5	I needed to get Canadian passport pictures taken for my renewal application and was informed via yelp talk (thanks, Tiger W!) to go to this little photo shack across from UNLV.  The owner/photographer is super nice and knew exactly what I needed when I said I wanted a Canadian passport pic.  He reassured me that he has done them before, is a "recommended" passport photographer (by the Canadian consulate in LA), and has all the current specifications on hand.  He was quick, thorough, and professional in his work and after about one hour (hung out in Einsteins Bagels while the pictures developed), he handed me the final product.  Perfect.  (Canadian) passport pictures are $25 for 2.Much of their business is photo developing and restoration from old photos and from *gasp* film!  If I had any old photos to save, I'd come here.  As it is, I am very happy with the quality of my pictures and am less hesitant than normal to show them to the appropriate customs authorities because the pics make me look less like a fugitive and more like a person with a neutral facial expression.  :)
5	Had a throw-away party camera that I took to Walgreens (big mistake) who developed my film but left me with a mangled strip of negatives (partially an issue w/the film, partially that they're just not a "real" photo lab)...brought the wreckage here & they were able to salvage 99% of the pictures - it pays to go to the professionals...highly recommended!
5	I love this printer!  I am a model/actress and when I need last minute prints, THIS is the best.  I needed higher quality prints than the crap one would get from the kinko's/cvs printing machine, so I decided to check out this place.  Very high quality work, and Lel is super quick and does a perfect job every time!  He has done 8x10 headshot prints for me, as well as 9x12 prints for my portfolio. A++ , especially for last minute jobs!
4	I will give them % stars once I receive my passport. They were Great. $25 plus tax for 2 2x2 passport pics seems a little steep but if they work then I am happy. But price aside was quick easy and professional.
5	This photo lab does a superb job with great customer service!They had done some small prints for me with excellent color matching to my screen. I came back for a 20x30 canvas print. It turned out great!Will be back for more prints. Thank you Mr Lel!
5	Perfect job. They scanned in two films that I had had previously developed and also developed and scanned another roll of film. I was only in Vegas for a day and they managed to do it to a really high quality in just a couple of hours. Really good service at a really fair price. To leave your film here is to leave it in very capable hands. They even uploaded the files for me on Dropbox as I am travelling and don't have a laptop with me.
5	I always LOVE the work that they do here!  I shoot film and digital and ONLY trust taking my images here to printed in Las Vegas.  My clients love the quality and the service cannot be beat either.  I also cannot even count how many people I send here and everyone has always loved them.
5	AWESOME!!!!  I was having a hard time finding a place that could do photo prints from negatives. I took 1 Hr Photo Shack the negatives from my wedding pictures from 8 years ago to see if they could print pictures. Pleasantly surprised they said yes.  I left negatives with them at end of day and they told me to come back around noon the following day. I did, the pictures were ready and they were beautiful. The staff who works there are super friendly, very professional, extremely pleasant and really are experts in film and photography. I thought their prices were very very reasonable. I highly recommend this place.They've definitely earned my continued future business. Thanks 1 Hr Photo Shack!!!!!
5	My ABSOLUTE favorite and most trusted film developers. I won't take my film anywhere else for processing- I have been going to them for several years and have had nothing but great experiences. The couple who own this place are so friendly and knowledgable and do such a nice job printing my film every time. They truly care about their work and it shows. I cannot recommend them enough. This is the best developing spot in town!
5	Absolutely awesome place!  The couple who run this place are wonderful!  They scanned 300 photos for my digital frame and worked with me on music and all the features of the frame.  I highly recommend 1 Hr. Photo Shack.....the BEST!!!Jane HouseHenderson, Nevada
5	Love this place! The owners are kind folk. I dropped off my film before they opened and in the same afternoon my 35mm negs were ready to be picked up. Couldn't ask for better service.
