5	I've been a regular customer at the EBa! Cafe for years.  I take everyone I know here to try it!Best Product:Their drinks, by far.  My favorites are their flavored iced teas with boba.  The coffee drinks are good, but with all the good coffee shops in Tempe, I'd never pass up an opportunity to get a boba tea here.What is BOBA?If you've never had boba, then here's what you're missing-- you basically get a large scoop of oversized tapioca balls stirred into your drink.  They settle to the bottom, where it looks like you've got brown bubbles sitting at the floor of your cup.  As you slurp through your oversized straw, they come up with the iced tea, drumming at the roof of your mouth so you have to stop and chew every now and then.  They're the consistency of little drowned gummi bears, and can seem VERY weird at first, but if you're open-minded enough to try it, you might get hooked.  (I was determined not to like them, at first.  I got to the point where I went back twice a day to get more.)  They're completely vegan and don't taste much like anything on their own.  After a few minutes, though, they start to absorb the flavor in the iced tea around them.  So, it's like getting a drink and a snack in one.  Be careful not to take them home and refrigerate them overnight, though... they tend to dry out in the middle.Heads up to new boba drinkers:The cup will come to you with a sealed plastic top (to prevent spillage).  Don't try to peel it off... it's really stuck on there.  Just use your straw to punch a hole in the top of it.  That's what they're made for.  Be careful picking it up after that, though... the cups are sometimes thin enough to squeeze when you grab them, forcing the tea up through the new straw hole and all over you.  Take a few slurps before trying to move it around.Flavors and Mixers:All iced teas start with either a green tea or a black tea base.  After that, you choose your flavors to add.  My favorites are the peach, chai spice, ginger spice, pumpkin spice (seasonal), wintermelon, almond, chocolate, and sometimes banana milk.  The good thing is that the menu suggestions are just recommendations... you can custom-mix your flavors however you want them.  For the drinks that require milk, they use either soy or almond milk (I don't remember which), so even non-dairy folks can enjoy the whole range of flavors.  You can also substitute honey for the sweet syrup mixer, or even just opt out of the sweeteners altogether.  They'll prepare it however you like it.Other menu options:* In the middle of a Phoenix summer, their ice crushes and snow bubbles are amazing.  They basically take their boba teas and turn them into boba icees, with the same range of flavors available.  The ice crushes are without ice cream; the snow bubbles are with ice cream.* Their hot teas (not used with boba) are loose-leaf scoops in very cool little decanters, but they only have a few different kinds of tea to choose from.* Coffees and coffee drinks are very good.* Gelato is tasty.* The shaved ices are the same as I remember them from childhood, but I didn't like the red beans added to it.  They got too mushy and flavorless compared to the icy goodness around it.* The brick toasts are wonderful, and the other food usually comes in small portions, so they're good for a snack.* I don't think they mind if you bring in food from other establishments, as long as you patronize their business and clean up after yourself.Service:Suzi, the owner, is amazing.  She's in there all the time and is extremely friendly and helpful.  The other employees she hires all stay around for a while, which means that they enjoy working there.  They all know what they're doing and will re-make your order if they screw it up.  Not that they ever have!  They're wonderful!Decor:Their new-ish location on Broadway doesn't have the same mom-and-pop homemade feel that their old location on Forest did, but it's clean and cute, anyway.  There is seating available at tables, at the counter, or on couches in the front lounge area.  There is a TV in there that is sometimes on, so it can either be a good place to study or way too distracting, depending on your timing.  They'll turn the TV off if you ask.  Wireless is free for customers, but not for leeches.Specials and discounts:* There is a box of "buy-10-get-1-free" cards by the cash register.  If you get hooked, you'd be amazed at how quickly those go by.* Sometimes, there are coupons on the rack inside the Sub Factory, which is in the same shopping center, a few doors down.* There are also seasonal coupons online at: http://www.ebacafe.com/What I would change:* I'd love to see a decaf iced tea available for mixing.* I'd love to have more comfy lounge space and fewer fluorescent lights (the only reason they keep them on is to follow safety codes until they get new lighting installed).
5	This place serves the BEST Boba Tea in the valley.
5	OMG!!!!!!!!!  I CRAVE boba.  Whenever I go visit my sister in the OC, we go everyday.  I have been looking for one since my last visit, Thanksgiving.I walked into Eba and found...HOME!  I was so excited I nearly peed my pants!They have a huge selection of drinks...tea, iced tea, milk and tea, etc.  You can choose either green or black tea.  Then, there is a wide range of "chewies" to add.  I, of course, go the boba.  I think I said "boba" at least a dozen times in there.  The entire time I am there, I'm on the phone with my sister, asking her what I order out there.So, I ordered two of the biggest chocolate-black tea-and-milk boba.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmI am playing Powerball today.  This has to be a good sign!
5	YAY, BOBA!  I lived in the Korea Town area of Los Angeles for 2.5 years and loved it.  While there I developed a serious Boba addiction, thanks in part to the fact there was a great Boba spot on every corner.... literally.  Phoenix area.... not so much.  In fact, after moving here and seeing how things were as far as diversity, I figured my Boba days were over.Enter Eba.  My life is changed.  Not only are their teas great, the price is right... $2.97 for a 24oz, plus staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  I recommend the Thai tea w/ Boba or the Red Bean with Boba.Ok, here's the best part which separates this place from every other Boba spot in the East side.... SOY MILK.  Yes, they have soy milk and don't charge extra for it!  Awesome.
5	Eba cafe is amazing. The boba tea here is some of the best I've had, and it's so reasonably priced. I also love that they take cards! It seems every other little asian tea house takes cash only, and who the hell carries cash on them? They have a large menu of food, as well as tons of different drink options. They also sell gelato, lots of little random knickknack items, and Eba clothing. Oh - another great plus, they have punch cards! The perfect way to reward all of us boba addicts. Anyhow, this place is great. It's laid back, they have better hours (then that "other" boba place ;) ), and the owner (?) is super friendly. Not to mention it's even CLOSER to my place than that "other" boba place. Yay!*If you are unaware of the "other" boba place, feel free to check out my Lollicup review(s). Support Eba!!!
5	After reading all of the 5 star Yelp reviews that came before mine, I knew I would like this place!  I was looking for the best place to get my boba fix, and I think I found it!  This was only my 2nd boba experience ever... I went with the green tea + soymilk boba; it was really good - not too sweet and just enough of the "chewies" as Amy D calls them or "gummy bear consistency balls" as several others referred to them!Eba has a welcoming atmosphere and Susie (the owner) was sweet as can be... with free wireless and plenty of other snacks to choose from, you cannot go wrong.I'll be back for sure to try some of the other chewable additions and flavored drinks.  For the health conscious, I noticed you can add protein to your smoothies and order your boba sugarless too!  Gotta love Eba Cafe!  FYI - Eba is located in a strip mall, I never would've noticed it if I didn't know about it from Yelp!
5	This was my first time for Boba! YAY BOBA!!It was surprisingly good!  I ordered a green tea with milk and sugar syrup with regular boba....I Loved the flavor of the tea and the boba was cool, chewy like a gummy bear but doesn't stick to your teeth.Cute and comfy atmosphere with a ton of different ways to order your boba. They also have  a small food menu which I didn't look at but saw what people were eating and it looked pretty good.And if you've gotten a little tipsy after all your Boba drinking they even have a karaoke machine!I can't wait to go back!
4	I met Gabi et al for Office Hours and it was a nice start to the day.  When I lived in Boston I would go into Chinatown for Boba....I have to say that Eba was much more generous with the Bobas than they are in Chinatown in Boston!However, as far as the tea part went I thought my tea was entirely too sweet (passion fruit)....I mean there should be a slight flavor to it but this was very sweet.  I plan to try more flavors however so I will be sure to update on those.  They do have a ton of options though so there is plenty of room to explore.  I didn't realize until after I ordered that they have shave ice!  I loooove shave ice.  Its definitely another item on the list to try at a later date.Eba is located in the strip mall that has Fast Signs in it in case you drive right by like I did and didn't even see it.....I'm not sure it has a large sign on the storefront.  One of the big drawbacks for me is that Eba doesn't open until 9am.  I would love to be able to stop there before my summer classes to pick up a drink but with a 9am opening time its just not possible.
5	This was my first time trying boba, and it was delicious!  Eba has an amazing selection of drinks (and ways to prepare them).  I decided on tea+soymilk, boba with coconut flavor.  Mmmm!  It was sweet and creamy and wonderful.The cafe itself is bright and welcoming.  I joined several other Yelpers there for Office Hours and we lounged on comfy couches.  In addition to food they sell a selection of gifty items too.Is it sad to admit that I craved MORE later that day?  Yeah, that's right... if this place wasn't so far from my house, I might have gone back for seconds.
5	Oh, what a wonderful feeling... Picture this: A Young Woman moves from a city known for its Asian fare and bubble (boba) tea - only to discover her new Dessert Playland is devoid of her favorite sweet treat. We're talkin' about all types of bubble tea, including mixtures with different flavored jellies. We're talking Boba Heaven. So, imagine the vast disappointed of said Young Woman when she realizes she's traded her Asian District fare and Boba for Mexican Food Mecca and Horchata. Not that there's anything wrong with any of this... except a world without boba is a sad, sad world. Enter Eba. When I stopped here the other day for the first time, I had very low expectations. I was imagining limited options. Oh? Boba Tea of only milk and tapioca? Bummer. Little did I know that Eba is the real deal.I walked up to the register. Me: "Do you have coffee jelly?"Owner: "Yes."Me: "I love you!" I jumped for joy. I ordered an iced coffee latte with coffee jelly. Talk about a blast from the past I never thought I'd have again. (Let alone find in Phoenix!)Eba is now - by far - one of my favorite places in Phoenix!
4	We've got another first timer here...!I am just as shocked as the next person that after many years in Seattle, I had never had Bubble Tea.  Gasp!  You can get it almost as readily as Starbucks.  I learned it's also called Boba and maybe one other name.  It's all the same to me.  Same-same.I had my first boba initiation at the recent Office Hours with Gabi.  I was completely overwhelmed by the options presented to me: what type of chewies (for the record, that term just doesn't seem right), base drink, optional flavorings, etc.  It was a lot for this gal to handle.  Luckily, Alica B. was at my side leading me down the boba path.  She helped me pick out a concoction of Thai iced tea and regular boba.  Gotta start with the original boba, right?  She ended up with a coffee drink with coffee jellies.  I feel like I'm now "in the know" because she asked for the coffee jellies and even though they weren't on the menu, they indeed had them.  That's a little insider's tip from me to you.  Wink wink.  She was so excited I thought she was going to consider this woman the Patron Saint of Boba and commence worship on the spot.I was surprised to find how incredibly filling boba is.  I wasn't hungry for hours!  Overall, it was good.  I don't see myself craving boba, but if someone wants to go, then I'm in.  I'll check out the jellies in my next go round.  If the craving is boba, I would definitely recommend this place!
5	It goes by many names. Boba tea, bubble tea... Well maybe just two names. It's really the texture that's more up for debate. Melty gelatinous gummy balls that are sproingy on the teeth is one way to describe it. Black phlegmatic chunks of mucous laden smokers lung is another. It's all about perspective.I happen to like the gooey little pearls that collect at the bottom of milky green tea, and Eba Cafe is the best place in the valley to indulge. They used to be located just north of ASU and I would pop in before classes, until one day they vanished without a trace. I was adrift without my convenient bubbly study break fare, but as fate would have it, I was stuck in gridlock on Broadway and what should mine eyes behold? A bright red "Eba" in a strip mall across from the dairy plant. What a sweet reunion it was! Jelly goodness afloat in milky green or black tea with one of thirty-some possible flavors added! The black and green tea are traditional stand-bys, but if you're feeling daring, try the wintermelon tea. It has no sugar added but the natural sugar is so incredibly potent that I couldn't finish a thimble full sample without experiencing the puckered, day-uuum-that's-sweet face. After you've chosen your tea, try to narrow down the flavor additives, red bean is a solid choice but watermelon is my ultimate trump card. Mango, taro and honeydew are also pretty tasty. Then decide if you want some kind of gelatinous goop added to your drink. They have several different types including boba and coffee jellies, which I've heard are great in, well, coffee drinks.Eba also has some light lunch and munch options if you feel like nibbling. I've had the green curry chicken bowl, which is earthy with a nice spice, but the accompanying rice was a little dried out. If you're just there for a snack, try the brick toast with coconut. Delish! They also serve gelato, but between you and me, it looked kinda nast. Eba should just stick with what it does best, wicked good tea with lovely little snot balls.
4	So, boba isn't that novel if you're from an area with a bigger Asian community.  For me growing up and in college, boba was everywhere.  I never really got into it, so I don't have a seasoned boba palate, but I do know a good boba cafe when I see one and Eba is the real deal.The little details here struck me as legit.  * The boba flavors and extras are extensive - probably about 50 or so different flavors and way to order. I opted for the vanilla green tea complete with little tapioca balls at the bottom, which satiated my (at the time) liquid diet.* Hot food lunch offerings. When I met Gabi and other Yelpers I noticed I could have even had a full-on rice chicken curry lunch.  *  But the icing on the cake was the karaoke set in the corner.  Hellz YES, how authentically Asian -- Karaoke when you're sober!!  Oh the horror, good thing no one spiked my boba otherwise I would have been strutting on the table singing "Humpty Dance" by Digital Underground much to my and your dismay.I'm liking you Eba.  I'll warn you next time so you have sufficient time to confiscate the aforementioned karaoke machine.  I will be back.
4	Being a total Asian bobaface in a generally boba-deficient state, I adore this joint.  The chocolate mint smoothie is always on my mind if I'm in the Tempe area or passing through on my way north.  I dig my boba firm and chewy, so I always ask for the drink to be made extra icy to chill the little pelotas to ideal suppleness.  Eba has a pretty large menu and will gladly do flavor combinations.  They use the proper plastic seal on the tops of the cups so you can shake the living daylights out of the drink (as one should).  Also, Eba has free wi-fi and is close to the airport; it's our favorite pre-flight stop to do a final check of email.
4	I love this place but my waistline cannot afford frequent visits!  I love boba drinks in all forms and sizes!  My favorite is a mango smoothie with lychee jelly.  The small is enough for me...once I got the largest size and I swear I was ill from carb poisoning! hee heeThe last time I went, I had taro with boba and it was so good I wanted the large!  but no...i stuck with the small.i reserve a star because they don't have spicy popcorn chicken!  It's the ultimate companion for boba!My rec is go and be creative for a fruity, chewy, icy treat!
1	I'm ashamed that I invited someone to come here with me for our first time. I can get over the fact that it's in a strip mall and that the decor leaves much to be desired. But their boba tea was awful. I had banana with boba bubbles. We ordered edamame (which was fine...pretty hard to screw that up...as I'm sure they had a frozen package of it ready to go) and tofu. The tofu was the worst I've ever had in my life. And again, the drinks were below sub par.Maybe I'm just spoiled by the boba tea I had back in IL. But I didn't think central Illinois was exactly a hot spot for asian treats. I would assume that Phoenix should have a better taste for those sorts of things. But based on Eba Cafe I'd say that's false.I would not recommend this to anyone. Hopefully there are other boba places. Or maybe I really ordered the wrong thing. I'm always open to suggestion and correction. In the mean time, I'll go on thinking that this was a waste of my time and money!
4	eba is good . old location was much better .nice staff . nice place. check it out if you have not.
4	i love boba! this place is yummy with it being powder and syrup made, and the size and the price is reasonable! i love the watermelon and melon flavored boba, my 2 faves!, green apply is okay, banana sucks. taro is okay too.  it really depends on the flavor you are getting. and some have milk in it.  in L.A. they make it with real fruits etc so it taste more refreshing and yummy, visit LA, must visit Chinatown bobas! yummy.  their thai ice tea is also very good if you are into tea, its a peachy creamy kind of tea! so if you are really into tea you must try! it is hot when you go in there as if air conditioning is never on, & whenever i go there it's the same nice lady.
5	I am totally addicted to this place. Tons of flavors of smoothies, and perfectly cooked Boba. Green Tea, or even Vanilla Chi - so far all the flavors I've tried have been fantastic.
5	Spending a lot of my childhood in Canada led to a quick obsession with boba tea.However, in Arizona, a really good boba place is hard to come by but then I found Eba a few years ago. Their drinks are so refreshing and as good as you can possibly find in this area. Plus, the boba come out just right, not too hard or chewy, which seems to be a huge problem for some places. I recommend the almond milk tea with boba, which is my personal favorite.I almost cried when I thought they went out of business after they closed their old location but they ended up relocating so go to this one and try it out!
4	Looks like the owners have opened up iKitchen at Ray/Rural... will give it a few rounds  on food (never ate food at this location) before reviewing but they surely brought their extensive drink menu!
