4	There really aren't appropriate categories here on Yelp for lawn & garden and landscaping equipment including riding & push mowers, chain saws, string trimmers and leaf blowers & vacs - and repair service for same, but that's what Arizona Lawn King sells and repairs.  They're factory authorized dealer for Stihl,  Husqvarna, and Honda  equipment , which may be more expensive than the lower end of what's available at discount stores, but is a cut above in terms of initial build quality, performance capacity, and durability.   An authorized service center for Stihl and  I think Husqvarna as well, they also have large on-site mower repair shop in outbuilding. Easy to get to on north side of East Indian School Road between  7th and 16th Streets, but occasionally traffic makes it easier to turn in if  approaching from the east/travelling west on Ind. School.  I've had courteous, competent service at time of purchase of a single Stihl trimmer and HONESTY in repair service that kept me from buying a new one of same when I didn't need to.  Repairs weren't instant but were done in less than time projected.
1	Can I give no stars.  What a horrible place to get service work done. got an estimate for tune up on a hedge trimmer and a weed eater.   So the hedge trimmer they gave me a horrible estimate that was more than double what it should have been when I said no they told me I owed a 18 dollar fee for the estimate and said I should just leave the trimmer since it is not worth any thing.  I ended up selling for 150 on craigs list FYI with out the tune up.   they even charged to add string to test the weed eater.  Place is a total rip off I will never go again.
1	DO NOT TAKE ANYTHING TO THIS PLACE TO BE REPAIRED. THEY ARE THIEVES. I took my Honda push lawnmower there because it would not start. They ended up putting a new carburetor on it and said it was fixed. I took it home it sat in the garage. I did not use it because I just moved and planted grass. I took it out of the garage to use a month later only to find out it would not start. I took it back called a few days later and they said water was in the gas but, it was fine now to come get it. I travel alot so, I had hired a landscaper to do my yard. I left the mower there for a couple of months they called, I said I would get it picked up. My son went to pick it up last week only to be told it was thrown away because it had a bad crankshaft that we must have hit a rock or something with it. So, since we took so long to get it they threw the mower away.
1	Don't bring any of your lawn equipment to these people.They don't even deserve one star, they are crooks!! I brought my weed eater there to have it fixed two weeks later they called and said it was ready to be picked up,I let them know that I had moved to the other side of town and I would pick it up when I was over that way again.Well when I called them to tell them I was coming by to pick it up,they told me they junked it , I said number 1, why wouldn't you call me? and the person said he did and left many messages, which was a lie because I left them my work number to make sure they could get a hold of me,so I said number 2 why would you junk an almost brand new gas weed eater, I said you wouldn't !!I know you sold it.So the person on the phone became irate and told me he could do what ever he wanted to with my property!! and in fact he did sell it and then he hung up on me!!! If you do need something repaired go to Arizona Tree and Turf Equip Co 1502 W Bell Rd at least they're honest and wont sell your property!!!
