3	I took my car here as almost a last resort.  My car is pretty old and didn't want to have to put much $$$ into it.  When it started acting up recently I tried taking it somewhere other than the dealership, but they were unable to completely diagnose the problem and said Zimbrick was my best bet.The service staff was friendly and did a really good job with my car.  Yes, their labor costs were high but I felt confident that they knew more about my Hyundai and would fix the right thing.  They actually also were able to fix another problem that I hadn't even known about.  The second repair was completely free because it was covered under a recall -- the parts alone for that repair would have added $500 extra dollars.When repairs took an extra day they gave me a loaner for free (which they drove to where I work) and knocked 10% off my bill.  Considering my car was obviously a beater, they treated me with respect and courtesy -- I've been to places where the level of respect is equal to the expensiveness of your vehicle.
1	ABSOLUTELY DO NOT buy a car from Zimbrick eastside.  Especially a used one.  About 2 years ago, I had one of the worst experiences I have ever had with the car I bought here.  I was recommended by a friend who works at another Zimbrick (apparently they are not all owned/operated by the same people, and of course, I would not apply the to the other Zimbricks) because their's did not have a car I was interested in.  I purchased a car that had roughly 45k miles on it, and the sales people and every person there was incredibly nice while and before I bought the car.  However, I kept having problems with the car during the 3 month warranty I had on it, and I had to bring it in a total of 7 times; about 4 times for the same issue (brakes, odd noises from the car), 3 times for other issues.  I was also driving a great distance to bring it to them every time, as I do not live close.  At one point, I even had to bring it to spend my own money  on bringing it to a separate dealer to do an inspection on it, and they found some very odd issues with it, indicating it was probably in an accident, even though it had nothing on the carfax.  Every time I brought it in to zimbrick, the people were rude and unhelpful, and many times, blaming me for the issues, even though I had had the car for an incredibly short time.  I finally ended up sending an email to the General Manager of Zimbrick eastside detailing everything that had happened, and I never got a reply.  I even ran into the GM once when picking up my car (there was absolutely no one else in the place that could get me my car... I had to wait for him for over a half hour), and I mentioned the email to him.  He mentioned something about sending it to customer service, and he certainly acted like there was nothing more he wanted than to get away from me quickly.Then, about a year and a half after buy the car, the timing chain in the engine broke, destroying the engine.  I had to buy an entire new engine, basically doubling the price of the car.  I thought it was bad luck until I spoke to a friend who is very familiar with cars, especially this kind of car, since she owns one as well.  I understand that it is incredibly rare for a timing chain to break, especially for a car that is under 100K (this car is WELL under 100k).  She said that it's common for used car dealerships, when they get a car that has certain engine troubles, to tighten or loosen a timing chain before they sell it, and it will usually last for 10k-30k longer without the owner noticing anything.  And of course, this can break the timing chain. And now, since the chain is broken, I certainly can't prove anything.  This scenario wouldn't even have had occurred to me, except for the way I was treated (like I had the plague).  However, I certainly think the first part of story, on its own, is enough for anyone to not buy anything from Zimbrick eastside, or to bring anything to their garage.  I just wouldn't trust them.
4	Purchased a used Ridgeline from Mike Glover. Nice no pressure experience. Impressed with the vehicle and the way my wife and I were treated on a holiday weekend. More car dealers need to learn from these guys (at least Mike).
2	Mike glover was a great salesman, with that said everyone else there is terrible. The "Manager" has anger issues and has no problem yelling at you and seems to enjoy confrontation. The "finance guy" has no idea what is going on and struggled with the simplest questions, and was not sure how to do his job. If purchasing a used car make sure they let you take it to a mechanic because they leave many issues hidden and hope for the best that you don't find them. The only reason that i am giving them two stars is because of Mike, he alone deserves five stars.
2	Ok.  This review started out as a solid 4.  I have not had much luck with decent service at car dealerships but they were so friendly from the first step on to the lot.  It was quick and easy to purchase our car.  The salesman was cordial and even gave us cute little waters. It was the weeks after.  Part of the deal was to get the rails for the roof rack.  For some reason the car did not have these.  They told us next week.  Next week came and they said at the end of the week.  That came and went.  About a month and several "a couple more days", they finally got there.  Someone could have updated us.  We should have not had to make all the calls.  It just seemed like once we owned our car they had no time for us.  I felt like a burden and I did not get that warm feeling I received on my first visit.
1	The only decent part of this experience was buying the car at the Economy Korner , Zimbrick Eastside, after that it went downhill fast! Beware! Make sure you check EVERY single part of the car or take it to your own mechanic and have them check it out! Within a few days I found a problem with one of the buttons on the car not working. I called my salesman John Bridgeman; he asked that I bring the car in. I came looking for a solution to the problem but he was hell bent on blaming me for causing the problem. The way he dealt with the situation was rude, un-professional and degrading.  When I purchased the car, I was assured that I would be back there to purchase my next car, I guarantee I won't be!
5	Service has always been honest and efficient. I can't ask for more. Communication is always top notch, which I appreciate too. My car has been in several times for scheduled maintenance, staff is always helpful and the job is always completed to satisfaction.
