4	Oh, Savers. The holy land of theme parties and vintage clothing, mixed in with piles and piles of random stuff. For vintage t-shirts without the Urban Outfitters price tag, drop a line into the resources at Savers. You can pick anything from dish ware, to hats, to broken electronics at this store (don't ask me why you would want to buy broken or semi-broken appliances). This place is also my go-to for generic work clothes, like plain t-shirts or Dickey's or whatever. Convenient and conveniently cool, if you look hard enough.
4	I must admit I'm not an experienced thrifter. But after my honey gave me a dazzling electric blue and gold Hawaiian-style button down that shimmers and is slick smooth last year for my b-day (OK, I stole it from his closet and after wearing it so many times, he finally agreed to let me hang it in mine), I resolved a few weeks ago to finally make the trek and see what it is all about.I had a gig right nearby so I was limited to about 20 minutes' browsing. Clothes were neatly hung and at a comfortable height to facilitate browsing by folks of any height -- I hate having to reach up, or get someone with a pole to pull down a piece hanging from a rack near the ceiling. I did long- and short-sleeved shirts.OK. So you know you're shopping and you see something that piques but then you see the price tag and you're like, "well, it's nice and all, but DAMN it's not that nice"? So imagine you instead see it, like it, and then look at the price and it's $3.99. YEAH!And these shirts have been professionally laundered and pressed before hanging. NICE. I still take them to Uptown so they look right, but DAMN. In just a few minutes, my cart was full to the brink of explosion.Then I did the corner racks. And I pull to this nice brocade texture, purple, and with french cuffs. OMG. I grab it. It's Jhane Barnes! OMG. I actually looked around me like I was on candid camera or something. Am I really about to get this $350 piece for $3.50? HAHAAHAHAHA!All told, after the people behind me at the check out line stopped grumbling and giving me nasty looks -- hey, I was at least prepping the shirts so the tags could be scanned quickly -- I walked out with some 20 nearly-new pieces for a HUNDRED BUCKS.EFF-YOU Nieman's, DIE A HORRIBLE DEATH Saks. I've already got my collectibles -- dozens of them. These are just wear and enjoy myself. Love it. Do it.
5	Have time, then yes go here, and YEAH you may find the perfect pair of LUCKY jeans..for only..wait for it ...$19 if that!  I two pairs, can't remember how much..but less than in the mall pLUS new!  Many choices of jeans to try and cost around $7 to $15 normally. You can find some gems in here..Great for costumes, baskets..can get lucky on bags and luggage..have gotten books and yoga dvds for little cost..
3	good finds , i found a tie that was 2.00 on sale looked brand new , i looked it up  , it was going for $125.00 so you should go and just see what they have...
3	This is the only Savers that I have shopped in. Normally I go to smaller thrift shops and vintage shops. This is a large facility, with lots of clothes. I was not impressed by the pricing. There were some of the same exact items that I have found at Ross for cheaper. But I was happy to find a pair of brand new Michael Kors Platforms for only $9.99. I would probably go back, but I would want to have more time to search the racks.
4	Not only is a savers but it is also a halloween store, like a spirit, with reasonable prices! The wigs were only $9 new!! I got some scrubs here and althought they were kind of expensive for a thrift store they have thurs where you get 25% off as well as mondays. Also every week a certain color goes on sale.
3	In general, I like Savers. This is a place where you CAN get crazy steals and good deals... notice I say CAN.Savers has always been my go-to spot but over the years it's been only a place I go to every now and then. My opinion of Savers now is simply this: It's a good place to go when specifically looking for crazy deals but for general shopping, it's only worth going when there is a sale going on (like 50% off all clothing, etc..)When I see some authentic like-new condition Michael Kors shoes going for $40 I can understand that but I have to call shenanigans when I see pre-owned, non-brand name clothing going for $6.99 or more. I have seen some brands that Wal-Mart sells being sold for only $1-$2 less than Wally World sells. And it's PRE-OWNED clothing. This location has a good selection of books and VHS movies. Books are super cheap and VHS movies range from $0.99-$2.99. DVD's and some video games are available too but they have those cased in a glass and you must ask for them. Every Halloween they have a good selection of Halloween stuff. Some items are cheap, others are pretty much the standard price. You can find a wig here for the same price you can get at Walmart. There was a costume I saw last month that was $60.00... doesn't seem like it should be in a thrift store. Every year they have a person standing there hawking you while you go into the Halloween section.. I don't like that and think it ruins the shopping experience. If they are afraid of theft, they should spread out the section more instead of enclosing it in a small space where people can easily pocket stuff.The toy department is a disaster with dirty, broken toys and games. The toys are scattered on the floor after being played with by some kids whose parents can't be bothered to keep an eye on them. Some of the toys are broken and are being sold. Seems really silly. Last time I went there was a Bratz doll head that was missing a good chunk of it's hair and was really dirty and had a price tag of $3.99. Makes no sense. Occasionally you can find a good condition game or handheld game (like 20 questions).It really sucks when you find something really cool but there is no price tag. There is a rule that if it does not have a tag, it cannot be sold. They must think the employees are incompetent and cant come up with a reasonable price. If that's the case, why not have the employee who looks like they are some trashy jiggalo who came from the Liquor Store next door and can't be bothered to help any customers, go and check for items with no tag?The dressing rooms are usually no hassle, and on sale days, they have someone monitor the rooms which is good. Other times all the doors are locked and you have to chase someone down or wait until some cashier calls Happy McEmployee back from their smoke break just to open a door.Speaking of employee's, I just can't compliment them and this is a store that seems to have new ones each time I go. There are a few willing to help but once you get to the front, you get a Kat Von D look alike who's rolling her eyes at everything she is scanning. Pleasant.Even with it's flaws, Savers is a decent place. 3/5 for me.
4	I love Savers. That about sums it up into words. I'm not saying I find a deal every time I go there, but I have been lucky enough to get a few deals here and there. Today I found this great set of vintage 50s plates, well there was only 9 in the set but I loved them anyways. So they were taped off in a set of 4 for $5.99, 3 for $2.99, and 2 for $2.99 (which didn't make any sense?!) I still wanted them anyway and didn't make a fuss about it. When I went to check out, the lovely cashier- (can't remember her name!), was so awesome! She realized the price differences on the plates and though that was silly, and she took $2 off for me on the larger set of 4! She knew I was willing to pay the price, but still wanted to help me out a little! So I was very appreciative! I know it's only $2 but that's a lot at a thrift store! Great store!
3	Sometimes I get lucky and find something. But personally I never find anything at any of these thrift shops but friends I go with always find something good.
5	This is by far my favorite thrift store although the new Goodwill one on Camelback and 17th ave comes in as a close second. But between all the Goodwills and Savers in this area I always find the most amazing things at this Savers. It is so clean and organized.
3	Not as nice as other savers I've been too. Maybe I was just disappointed because I drove a half hour and didn't find anything.  Also, they don't have any 50% off colors on Fridays which was a bummer too.
