1	I will not go back.  The manicure was painful and they did NOT use sterlized tools.  I will go back to La Femme next time I'm out there.
2	I came here because it had good reviews. I got the deluxe pedicure cuz my feet really needed it. It was only suppose to be $40, but by the time I was done it eneded up being $53 not including tip. She paid more attention to my legs then my feet. The massage wasn't that good. She kept massaging the top of my foot istead the pads of my feet. She kept trying to upsell me with other stuff, which is one of the reasons I think the price ended up being $53. By the time I got home my feet were still rough. I don't get pedicures that often, but I definately had way better for a better price.
4	I have been here twice and both times the service has been great.  The only complaint I have is that the posted prices don't match what you are actually charged.  I appreciate that I can walk-in and get needed service.  The shop offers many choices for gel polish and it lasts more than two weeks.  Pedicures are done well and the polish also lasts.  I'm happy with the service received and will continue to visit this establishment.
1	I came in with the intentions to get a pedicure the staff was very rude, and they charge $25 just for a pedicure. Then procedded to talk badly about us and give dirty looks. So overpriced don't go here
1	If it were up to me this place would even get one star! I got a full set here only because it happened to be in the area I was at the time. My friends were going to get pedicures and they were $25! No. That's over priced. I could get a mani paid for that price normally! Anyways I got my set and the guy was rude! Kept telling me to hold still and would tap me on my hand with the file every time I slightly moved! The shapes were inconsistent and I new instantly they didn't feel sturdy. The moment I get home one of my nails popped off effortlessly! The next day ANOTHER!! It was infuriating! I didn't even go back to them to fix them cuz I'm sure they would have been equally as shitty as the first time! I normally go to signature nails on horizon ridge. GO THERE. THEY ARE FABULOUS. They even fixed my nails for free since I'm normally a loyal customer and they felt my pain!
4	After being turned away from another won't-be-mentioned-by-name salon, we were gladly accepted by Q nails. I got a gel manicure and my mom got a regular manicure. I'm knocking off a star because they kept my mom waiting a little too long and because their prices are a little expensive. $30 for a gel manicure only is a little much considering in la a gel manicure and regular pedicure is $39!So I hope this gel manicure lasts. The guy who did my nails was awesome. I will definitely go back next time I'm in town.
1	NEVER EVER in my life coming here again. They charged me way too much money for a shitty job that my 5 year old niece could've done. The lady rushed doing my nails, my French manicure came out crooked and uneven, I'm extremely disappointed with the service. Never have I wasted my time and money in such a horrible way. SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
1	My nails chipped the next day. Gel was cracking. In after she did my nails they were very score but I think it's because she didn't clear the critic from under the nail. It was not busy so I don't know why she did a half job on me. Will never go back... Wait the pedicure was good but who wants to go to two different places to get their feet and nails done
