5	Think consignment in Scottsdale and you might be tempted to think everything is going to be expensive. Not here! What do they have? Pretty much everything you need to furnish and decorate a house. I was talking to one customer about how great the price was on a giant framed mirror (7' x 5' ish) and she mentioned that she was buying this original framed art because the frame was cheaper and better than what she could buy at Michael's. About a month ago I bough a frame print for $10 and I am sure the frame its self is worth more than $10. Just a heads up this store does not have cloths, at least not that I saw. So... all that and friendly staff that have fun and seem to like their jobs makes this one of my favorite places to bargain shop for more stuff, after all who doesn't need more stuff?
5	Incredible selection.  Like walking through a museum of fine art.
5	I have been frequenting about 10 consignment stores in Scottsdale.  I am furnishing a house and looking for quality furniture and home goods at a decent price.  This place is one of my top 5 (actually it's in my top 2) and the merchandise is of a high quality at a reasonable price.
5	This is my favorite of the consignment store trail in and around Scottsdale. It's one of the ones I refer to as being in the Bermuda Triangle, AKA the Scottsdale Airpark neighborhood. Sometimes the only way I can locate businesses I found before is to drive around helplessly while my GPS sends me diabolically impossible directives.This store is the best in class for me for many reasons: it's big and has a nice selection. There seems to be at least some level of taste and standards as to what is accepted. Furnishings are arranged in pretty good vignettes. It's clean and smells OK. Pricing is realistic for the most part. The staff is unfailingly friendly--on a hot day, I've been offered bottled water numerous times. I have consigned here and gotten a great return for my items. On one occasion, there was a little problem in which my husband and I had just decided to purchase a chair we were looking at, walked around the corner for a moment, and returned to see someone else buying it. The manager was distraught, and did all she could to keep everyone happy. In my case, it was having furniture picked up at my house free of charge since we allowed the other customer to get the chair. The delivery crew was polite and professional. If you can find this store, it's a winner!
5	Where should I start! My girl friend and I recently moved to the valley from Southern California...and we were so optimistic that our furniture would work in our new condo but just like every move we were surely disappointed. After much thought we anxiously seeked out consignment stores and stumbled across Airpark Consignment. Shellie was extremely welcoming and very high spirited. She was also extremely honest with presenting her market and boy does she know it well! We were surprised that our items sold quickly and for a pretty good return! The store is very well laid out and the way that items are presented doesn't seem like a second hand shop at all. There is a great selection of really high end name brands for way less than you would pay any where else. Every time we are in the Airpark my girlfriend and I don't hesitate stopping by and taking a look at their selection. To say it simply thank you Airpark Consignment!
5	This is a great place to get a good deal. They are professional and know what they are doing. I have been buying from them for years. Much better than other stores in their area. Don't miss out on this one.
5	Excellent prices and the owners were VERY nice n helpful people! They are alsoWilling to negotiate prices!  Very few places measure up to this one! Def worth the trip across town!
4	Cute little consignment store that sells some unique home furnishings. Prices are quite reasonable. For instance, they had a plush brown microfiber sectional with chaise for sale for $800. There's a little bit of every type of style for you to browse through, whether you like modern/contemporary, antique, or more Asian inspired designs.
