4	This small museum is attached to another called John Knox House. I don't really care about Scotch history so I'm not entirely sure who he was, but he lived or was born here or something.Anyway, there seems to be little distinction in here between what's the shrine to old Knoxy and The Storytelling Museum, resulting in the often amusing spectacle of befuddled looking tourists loitering around, not really sure what they're meant to be appreciating.Whilst the museum was a bit yawnsome, there was a fascinating book on sale about the streets built under Edinburgh. I'm quite looking forward to my visit to Mary King's close next week and this book further whetted my appetite, even if it's claim that underneath the city lies a "metropolis" is maybe a bit optimistic.The cafe looked quite nice, but I was on my lunch break and it looked the type of place I'd find just that bit too awkward to sit alone. I might risk social leprosy and try it soon though.
4	The often missed Scottish Storytelling Museum is a great little gem. As pointed out in the last review, it is attached to another mini-museum, John Knox's house (but I do care about "Scotch" history so watch out for a review in the near future!).This museum isn't so much of a museum but a centre for various activities and events to be held around the theme of storytelling. You can check out their website or pop in to see upcoming events. At the time of writing, there is a very entertaining small display of primary school projects to create and design big open books. The centre has a nice shop selling a good selection of story and history books for adults and (perhaps all importantly) for children. These are more often than not around a Scottish theme. Also worth investigating is the cafe. It's a spacious cafe with a modern aesthetic. It's more suited to hot drink but they do serve some good soup. The staff are very pleasant.Great for a family day of activities or just a peek around!
5	While I have been through the Storytelling Centre, I write specifically about the John Knox House attached to and also operated by the Centre.  I have been to the House a number of times and it is truly a gem of history (political and intellectual) specifically focused on Scotland's and particularly Edinburgh's turbulent Reformation era.  Its curator, Dr. Donald Smith, is a treasure house of knowledge about the religio-political currents of that time and if you have any desire to dig beneath the surface of the history of that time in depth I encourage you to arrange a tour with him.  The House and Centre are real gems that the city is lucky to have.
5	Stories are magical doors into other cultures and lives. The Storytelling Centre quite literally has magical doors into stories. Children love the little doors in the cafe area which they can open to reveal clips of stories, little dioramas, pictures and artefacts. Then even more magically, the whole wall is a door revealing a storytelling space. The centre offers regular storytelling sessions for all ages and tastes, get their programme and you're sure to find something that piques your interest. Want to tell stories yourself? There's lots of training opportunities here too.
3	I have walked past the Storytelling Centre umpteen times and have always thought that would be a lovely cafe to sit in and watch the world go by in. It has a massive windowed front looking right onto the Royal Mile. Perfect for drifting off and staring into the distance. So, I decided one day I would give it a go. It was fine when I arrived, although I had barely sat down and was asked what I wanted. I felt a little rushed, especially when the waiter stood there whilst I had a look through the menu. To be fair to him I should have just said I wasn't ready, but I ended up going for  a cappuccino and a piece of millionaires shortbread. The coffee was perfectly pleasant, and the millionaires shortbread was sweet, crumbly and pretty nice. Almost as good as my mums but not quite.Where this cafe fell down was the image I had in my head, and what it turned out to be. This may sound awful to some, but there ain't any point in beating about the bush. I came here for a quiet half an hour chillax. Did I get this? No. Why not?Kids. When I first walked in there were about two families, that was fine. After sitting for about 10 minutes I swear the place being swamped by screaming, crying, shouting kids, and their mothers who were decidedly unimpressed at the lack of high chairs. I think I turned up just after/before some book reading for them. Needless to say I did not stay long after that, my head was starting to hurt. Moral of the story, next time I will double check what is going on in the actual centre before I turn up. The cake selection is wide, and very tempting. Good specials on the board and a fairly solid menu.
4	You can't really go wrong with the Scottish Storytelling Centre. Tucked into the Royal Mile with a modern facade, you could probably walk right past it in the hunt for more tourist-tastic places to visit, but the Centre is well worth a stop. It has a shop, a cafe, an exhibition space and a theatre. The latter two have a varied and eclectic programme on, so keep an eye on the website for some of the more interesting events taking place.  The cafe not only sells cakes, but alcoholic options are readily available. Cake and wine. What's not to like?!
4	The following is a review specifically on the John Knox House museum which is a part of the  Scottish Storytelling Centre (last line edited for clarity and understanding)Historical PlaceA Spritful AtmosphereStuart opposing
