1	FYI, this place is membership only as I was so rudely told upon entering the store. I have driven past this store numerous times and today my husband and I attempted to check it out. We walked in and behind me I hear the yells of "hey, hey!" I turn around and the girl at the counter asks "do you have a membership?""No, I didn't know I needed one." I replied."This store is not open to the public, ok? Sorry." The better thing to say would have been to ask if I would like to open a membership and not be so rude and turn away business.Here's a store I will not be giving my business to.
4	I'm sorry that Maggie was treated rudely at Restaurant Depot, but I assure you the joint does not deserve one star.  I own a restaurant and I shop here at least once a week.  The place is amazing and the prices are often better then major restaurant suppliers.  They sell everything from whole goats to individual Sweet and Low packs.  FYI, I don't serve goat at my place!Had Maggie been allowed to enter she would seen a galaxy of stuff for for restaurants all in huge quantities.  This place makes Costco look like Circle K.  Aisles and aisles of food, every sauce and condiment you can imagine, huge canned goods, cooking supplies... and yes.... even whole goats!
4	I agree with Carlin about Maggie's review. Come on. There is a huge sign outside that states it is not open to the public. There is a reason their motto is: "Where Restaurants Shop."Restaurant Depot fills the niche, right between distributors and Costco/Sam's Club. I haven't had any rude experiences or bad service here and I've been coming here ever since it has been open.
5	Been shopping here for quite awhile and find everything fresh, fresh, fresh. Very friendly & helpful their staff is first class and knowledgeable. Sorry Maggie H. had given these folks a bad review for her own mistake, I find it unfair.
5	This is a real "cash n carry" restaurant supply.It's no secret that this is a membership only place.  And not like Costco- you actually have to provide specific business license/tax info to obtain a membership, which is free.Pricing is based upon market pricing, but it's lower than anything you'll find at a regular grocery or Sams Club or Costco- this is where restaurant owners go to get their stock.What an awesome store!  In and out very fast, nice, helpful employees, and rock bottom pricing.  Plus, it's super clean.  Every time I go there, I enjoy the experience.They have one big huge massive refrigerator room, loaded with produce, amazingly priced meats, and freezer cases.  They have jackets for the warehouse, and if they aren't by the front door area, go to the other refrigerator exit, as they are likely hanging there.
5	Great store if you are business owner, in particular RESTAURANTS....thus the name! We shop here for our 4 locations, best prices and broadest selection. At one point, I used to come in with my 4 y/o now 6, the staff has always been awesome and my kid loves having to breeze fast thru the freezer section in our orange jackets that they provide. Best store for mass purchasing! Oh yea, we make pupusas www.SalvadorenoRestaurant.com
1	Might be a great place for cheap pricing, but if you are a current customer I suggest you check you bank account .. the company data records were hacked last month and RD is now just sending out letters informing customers that their personal bank accounts may have been compromised.  http://www.kmov.com/ne...http://www.restaurantd...
5	Seriously.. Maggie H. Should be stripped of her elite status for such a mis informed point of View. I LOVE RESTAURANT DEPOT because unlike Costco or Sams Club, It is exclusively here for people to conduct restaurant Business,This is restaurant Owner Mecca.. No crowds, just lots of Slobo's and Eastern Slavick Europeans who smell like the restaurant business..Hard working restaurant people.. Restaurant owners size each other up secretely by looking at how large their carts are, Its like a total Sub Culture, a club if you will for the hardest working restaurant owners in the valley..I meet some of the coolest people ever here, and the prices are truly about 20% less than Sysco or Us Foods...
4	A great place to shop for restaurants or other food service establishments. Here's a price example 15 pounds potatoes at Costco $6.95, 50 pounds of potatoes at RD $7.95! They are not open to the public so don't get all offended if they turn you away..Quality, price, service, they got it all.
4	Massive, massive restaurant supply warehouse open to wholesale customers only, (privilege tax certificate required) though you can go to the service counter just inside the front door to request a 1-day-pass (and pay sales tax).  I would assume there are some restrictions on the day passes as well, but they were perfectly courteous and there were small cues about them not being open to the public - I think it was the two large signs outside the front door.   The cooler section alone may be 1/4 - 1/3 the size of an entire mid-sized Costco.  If you thought Costcovian quantities were large, these quantities run from large to massive, to freakin' massive, to vulgar exclamation 'in HUGE.  Long aisle of whole sale wines & spirits, which may be purchased by bottle or case, again, wholesale customers only, and not geared for needs of non-commercial customers, though big-family folks may covet the volume purchase deal.Clean, wide aisles. Clean mens' room too.   Access from southbound frontage road off 17, south from Indian School,
4	Happily, I have access to a card.Granted  - the quantities here are too large for the most part to be useful at home - only two of us live there - but WOW. The selection! The prices!I've spent thousands in the past on huge quantities of paper goods and soft drinks for a nonprofit I work with.Last week we were shopping for a party. I picked up a case of frozen corn cobs, a gallon of oil for the deep fryer, a case of plastic utensils and were on our way for CHEAP!My roommate saw the WHOLE GOATS from New Zealand in the cooler - and is now planning our next party - something that will necessitate buying a whole friggen goat!Come for the selection, prices and helpful employees - come back for the goat!
2	I joined Kansas City Barbecue Society for $35 just to be able to get free day passes to RD. I was really interested in trying some of their private label wines.  Unfortunately at the cash register I found out you can't buy any alcohol from them unless you have a liquor license.  Then I had to wait for about a half an hour to get a refund after they overcharged me $6 for an 11 lb. bar of Callebaut dark chocolate that had been entered in their computer wrong.  Not a happy camper.
1	This is hands down one of the worst restaurant depots in the country. Understaffed, inefficient, filthy, and unprofessional. I use restaurant depot all over the United States and this is easily the bottom of the barrel. The management needs to get their arms around this place and take a realistic look at the operation from top to bottom.
3	3 stars is sufficient. It's OK if you're really into saving money on produce and meat. They're cheaper than most vendors on most products. Sometimes the employees are unprofessional, and other times the customers are rude. Whatever. The bottom line is that I've saved some serious cash and that in itself is worth the hassle.
4	I have gone into Restaurant Depot not knowing it was members only just like Maggie. The person out front was rude about letting me know it was members only. When I went there was no OBVIOUS means of knowing it was members only. I do have access to the store anyway and love the deals! One person's experience may not be another's and no one should be berated for their opinion. State your experience and move on. If it's helpful great... if not, no problem. Again the deals are great and is worth checking out IF you can get in.
