5	Looking for a traditional Wisconsin Supper Club?  Feiler's is the real thing...its not fancy, its not nice...but its comfy, warm and friendly...have a Brandy Old-Fashioned, sit back and enjoy your Cod...
4	For what it is - a very small bar and supper club that offers steaks, burgers, prime rib, fish, etc. -  Feiler's is very good. Kind of has a home-away-from-home feel, a good place to have a meal on a weeknight.
2	Quick review: Sampled the fish fry on Friday night.  Slow service, "catalog" cheese curds, mediocre fish (with nice batter, though), and lifeless/tasteless hash browns.  $21 for one person's meal.  Great supper club look/feel - that's about it.  Full details/review (with pictures) at my site.
2	I was disappointed here. I was told that Feiler's has the best burgers around, and I love me a good dive bar. Although I've only experienced their burger, I was pretty disappointed; it was bland to the point where it tasted like the meat was cooked in a microwave.I did like the atmosphere, and the service was just fine. It is definitely the only sit down restaurant in its area, which is a pretty odd location, you can kind of tell that the other stores/businesses built themselves around the old and decrepit Feiler's. I'd give it another shot, but I'd have to be wowed.
4	I've been in Madison for 30 years now, plus or minus, and I've always been curious about this restaurant tucked away near Home Depot.  Today I went with friends, and it was great.  My steak sandwich was super, and my wife had walleye -- broiled -- and the piece of fish was cooked perfectly and HUGE!  The cheesy hash browns (wife got) were better than the twice-baked (which I got).  But they didn't have any dessert (Sad)!  The ambiance is totally rural town supper club, and I mean that in a very very good way.  I will not wait 30 years to go back!  Cocktails are cheap and strong.   Just the way you want them.
4	I fell for this restaurant immediately, and I do mean fell for as soon as I stepped one foot out of my car I went immediately face down on the ice.  Now just because it begins bad does not mean it ends bad.Once my fiancee knew I was all right and subsequently she stopped laughing, we went in and enjoyed a really great experience.  This was my first time at Feiler's and I could tell right away I'd go back again.  The decor is very chic Ala That 70's Show.  We started with a round of beer for me and brandy old fashion for her.  It was Friday night so we of course ordered the Friday night Fish fry, which for both of us meant beer battered perch and hash browns though cod was also an option.  I was disappointed to later find out they have walleye on their regular menu as that is my favorite and preferred fish but none the less, the perch was excellent.  Crisp and not too fishy with a good portion, the perch was just right.  The hash browns were more like small cut potatoes and were not crisp and well done.  I did, however, take them home and cooked them up proper the next morning and they were great.Overall, I would say that Feiler's is a neat little neighborhood treat tucked in the nowhere land near the beltline.  It will take you back in time for certain and though prices are from the 70's, it won't set your wallet back either.  Good value for the price and we'll definitely keep it on our list!
5	I've been to Fieler's a number of times in the last couple years for cocktails and their Friday Fish Fry.  The ambiance is definitely unpretentious, old fashioned, WI-supper club which I love.  Prices are reasonable and service is good.  Continues to be my favorite Friday night spot.
4	My wife and I decided to do a tour of older places on the southwest side which brought us to Feilers.  We did not know what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised.   Old fashioned was good and the staff and patrons were super friendly.  Going back soon to try the food.   Will update review then.
