4	Grade: BThink excellent burgers and fries and cheap beer. Mmmmm, beer....
4	When looking for a restaurant on yelp, I think most people are hoping to find those special gems.  The village bar is a perfect example of that.Sitting adjacent to the Glenway Golf Course on the downtown-west side of Madison, this little shack of a building holds a fun sports bar inside.  It literally has the appearance of an old house, with the same door you'd expect if you were going to visit relatives.  The interior is pretty typical for a country-style bar; you've got a few TVs, some small tables, and old men arguing about the Packers.  But therein lies the Village Bar's charm.What truly makes it shine though is the food.  If an award should be handed out in Madison for best bar food, the Village Bar is a sure bet.  Their burgers are some of the best in Madison, with that nice homemade taste as if it were fresh off the backyard grill (and still dripping with grease).  They're small though, so you're not getting your typical half-pound bar burger with giant bun, you're getting something to make you want to come back again.  They come with some crispy fries as well, so make sure you slather on that ketchup and mustard and come hungry.Furthermore, the Village Bar is a great place to come after a round of golf at Glenway, grab a beer, and watch the game.  It's a comfortable atmosphere, and while you've got sports fans around you, it's not like an Old Chicago style place where it's packed and rowdy.  I remember watching the Bucks playoff run here when I was young with my Dad, and it was one of the most exciting places to be as everyone was a true sports fan.  From the good sports talk to the run-ins with old friends, it's hard not to fall in love with the place.  And who knows, you might even run into a celebrity as Jerry Seinfeld came here on the recommendation of his staff when he was visiting for a show.There is a reason for the missing star though.  One thing the village bar has never been good at was service.  Their bartenders are very blue-collar, and while this might fit in with the environment I sometimes feel awkward when simply trying to order my food.  And the clientele is basically everyone's father, so if your not part of that clientele you might feel out of place at times.  Still, don't let that stop you from coming in and scarfing some delicious dogs and burgers while you watch your favorite team.
4	good burgers (fried), cheap beer (and good local beer). a good local crowd. i wish there were vegetarian options. kid friendly, too.
4	Real clean. I was comfortable having my 2 young boys there.  The menu is very limited,but it is just a bar. The burger was better than the steak sandwich. The portions are not huge.  The clientele is mature and educated. The plates are a bit annoyingly tiny.
5	... i grew up in the neighborhood, The Village has great cheeseburgers and classic bartenders that one simply has to experience 1st hand to fully appreciate.  I haven't lived in Madison for a good 15 years now, but whenever I do get back there, consuming a Village cheeseburger is on 'the list' of things I do when I'm back.  Same goes for hittin' up 'The Little Store/Joes/Regent Coop' for some aged cheddar to fly home with ... and a steak at Smokies.  If you are a card player, ask the bar tender at The Village for a deck of cards, they'll have at least one to lend ya.  Long may The Village keep doin' what it does ...
4	Definitely the best burger I've had in Madison (I've had people say Tony Frank's is better, but I disagree).  There is a very strange beer selection here, as well, with some standards like PBR on tap, but no Rolling Rock or Coors in the place at all.  They did have some craft beers on tap though.I went on a Monday to watch a football game, and it was a great place for that.  I'm a big fan of the ambiance, and I could see where it would be REALLY good for someone who actually knows about football and gets involved in games, since I didn't know enough to dispute calls the refs made.
4	As everyone else has said, great burgers. Fries are ok.... Could be crispier. Wish they sold onion rings though.... :-/
5	Best Burgers in Madison bar none, which is crazy because the grill is tiny and manned by one person.  My dad grew up in the neighborhood so i was basically at the Village at least once a week stuffing my face with cheeseburgers on hard rolls (which is the best way to order them btw trust me) and fries.  Im only 23 so i cant really speak on the beer since i havent been there for a few years (i live in CA) but i know its cheap, local and most likely delicious.  Plenty of TVs to watch Packer, Badger, Brewer and Bucks games, plenty of cool old bar decor as well which gives it a homie feel to compliment the fact that the bar itself looks like a home.  Its right across the street from Glenway too so its the perfect place after a round of golf.  Super kid friendly, my fondest memories as a kid was having the ability to walk up to the bar to order for myself and my family without being questioned, the bartenders are AWESOME.  Its a local bar that is filled with local people who are as friendly as they come in Madison.  This is authentic Wisconsin tavern food at its best.  I love everything about this place.  Walk in, eat, hang out and i promise you wont be disappointed.
3	This place is a good local dive, especially if you like golf. At the bar, you literally overlook the Tee Box at Glenway. Burgers are OK, fries are very good, beer is ok with a good selection, and they have friendly folks tending bar. Very limited food menu. I suggest a second fryer for Friday fish fry and fish sandwiches.  I would give them one more star BUT they never wash their hands! The guy/owner working the grill will grab raw meat, then cooked fries that fall on the grill, then serve drinks, then handle money, then cheese, raw meat, serve a beer, re-stock condiments, make change, grab a bun, shake your hand, wipe his brow....you get the point...and never wash his hands. I'm not even sure if they have a hand sink at the food station...I'm sure code requires that they have one but I've watched closely twice now and haven't witnessed any hand washing. Lately, I stick to bottled beer and spend my dining dollars elsewhere. Check it out and you will see what I mean.
5	I like to consider myself as a bit of a burger connoisseur - yes, such a thing exists! I will search far and wide (though, I'm not sure that's the actual expression) for a great burger. I've heard many a tale of the great Village Bar burger, that uses the power of steam to cook their burgers. But it is a mere dive bar, surely you don't mean that a cash only location such as this has mastered the art of frying a burger. Aye! I have tasted its divine glory! Now, a burger that can make me feel like I need to write in the style of a medieval knight on an epic quest must mean it's a good eat (I hate the medieval theme so much - it just happened, I'm sorry).Back to the burger. I don't know quite how to describe the 'moistness' of the actual patty - it wasn't that it was 'juicy' because often juicy means messy. No, this was something else, burgers can easily get dry if you cook it too long, this patty was far from that, in fact it was quite the opposite. Top it with cheese and place the pickles on the side (thank you - didn't realize I needed to ask without pickles, glad to see they weren't served on my burger) and I think I just enjoyed what everyone has been raving about.The Village Bar - you a quite a vintage little place aren't you? I'm not particularly fond of dive bars, but they had so much classic memorabilia displayed in the table that made for a nice little search and discover during my wait for food. They also have plenty of tvs (even some flat screens) to watch the game of your choosing. I must say, I was annoyed that they don't take cards, though I'm sure my review won't be changing that anytime soon - at least they have an ATM accessible inside the bar.There is just something about that burger that will have me stopping in again and bringing friends as they stop in town for a visit. For that reason, and that reason alone - The Village Bar has earned all five of my stars that I have to give.
3	Much a-do about nothing....This pretty much explains my thoughts on the Village Bar.  Since my first time included an awkward "Its not you, its me" conversation (Just a tip: Wait to have this conversation after you have eaten vs. before ordering to avoid awkward silence), I have been back a few times to see if it can deliver what people have been writing.  And....it can't.  Yes, it is a nice neighborhood bar.  Yes, the bartenders and crowd are a decent and friendly bunch.  But no, the food doesn't elevate itself from just being "bar food".  If you are in the neighborhood, stop in.  But if you are truly searching for great burgers, try any of the 5-10 places that do it a whole lot better.
5	Everything it 'oughtta be.  Perfect Wisconsin tavern in a great location.  The food is a great value - very tasty grill fare.  The staff is always friendly.  We feel comfortable bringing our small child here in the dinner hours (not like we'd feel bringing her to, say, some bar on campus.)  Perfect place to have a beer, watch a game, or just grab a quick dinner.
4	Good burger.
3	Small older building with limited seating serving typical, average bar food. Burger is very average, and served on a small plate. You can easily find a better burger that this one.
5	It makes no sense. There's nothing about the seemingly ordinary village bar that would lend itself to crafting a mind-blowing cheeseburger, but my mind has consistently been blown. They're wizards & warlocks in front of that flat-top. They say that the burgers are all beef, but I suspect that there's a little unicorn meat added into the grind. Soft bun, melty American, fried onions, juicy unicorn, and the cold PBR on tap make me even semi-enjoy watching a Packers team not starting Aaron Rodgers. Endorsed!
4	I came for the burger-After viewing a few years old episode of George Motz's "Burger Land", a co-worker and I stopped in for lunch one day.Really, just a small bar with a flat top behind the bar.  Nothing any more special than you would find in countless Wisconsin small towns.Something must have brought George here...Enter the "Brick Burger"  Soft bun, smallish patty (Hand formed?  Not sure) and covered in a huge slab of Wisconsin Brick Cheese.  The burger itself seemed pretty standard.  Some salt, some pepper, and a hot grill.  3 stars for the burger-4 stars for the messy, cheesy glob of Wisconsin Brick Cheese melted on top- Yummo!
4	I have to compare this burger joint to my home town Lions Tap:  the fries are better here,  the burger patty is good and on par but lacks condiments and choices of doing a double or adding bacon which would add a bunch.  They only accept cash so credit cards are not an option.
5	Brick Burger!  As in, the thick slab of soon-to-be melted gooey-ness cut straight from a "Brick of Wisconsin" Cheese!  "If I new nothing else about you at all, that would be enough"-A Knight's Tale!But let's get down to why we are here... gastronomic bucket list... also known as, Chowdown Countdown.  Watch the YouTube video!  Who throws ice on the grill?  Oh yeah... anyone who knows how to "steam-fry" (is that a word) a moist delicious burger, that makes people travel from all over the country to this non-credit card taking dive bar!If you really want to get in good...  you can sit at the bar and talk football!  Although the Packers are obvious, a lot of good Cleveland football was discussed in this bar as well!Let me tell you something... Burger, Cheese, Salt & Pepper-... everyone else is just covering up their own inadequacies!5 STARS!Pickle on the side
3	Good burger just need more Heath inspection awareness.  No hand washing between dropping raw meat and fresh veggies.  Gloves would be nice.
5	Great burgers and atmosphere! A Madison original. I must stop if in the area. Family owned by a good dude. Dump the chain bars and go to a real pub...
2	Cool local bar vibe but the burger left me wanting more! I love the well seasoned grill in the window and the bar itself! Shoulda stayed in Sauk City for lunch today (in my opinion)
