2	Monterra used to be in the hands of Sares-Regis and really well run and maintained.  It might not have been the best neighborhood around the complex, but the complex its self was really nice, well maintained and clean.  I place I loved living in for the first three years.  Calling its self "Luxury Apartments" with pricing and a community that fitted that mold.  It was a good place to be near downtown without actually being in downtown.Come an economic downturn and Monterra took a turn with it.  With high vacancies which lead to lower occupancy the rent dropped a LOT.  And a new management company took over.  Gone were the days of getting in good residents and taking care of them and the community.  Maintenance and care has took a considerable turn in the last year or so.  The nice quite, close and clean community has disappeared.Trash is everywhere.  Especially after a weekend, expect to find several beer cans strewn around the complex.  People seem to have a hard time making it to the dumpsters, and it will last out for a while.  Everything feels just a bit more dirtier then it did just a year or two ago.  Including a lot more animal feces that isn't cleaned up and mysterious stains on the sidewalks or halls I dare not think about.Plus, noise has become an issue.  Gone seem the days where noise complaints are taken seriously.  Heck, even with the old management heard bass a few nights and by the end of the week we all had notes on our door reminding everyone to be courteous.  Plus the sharp increase of families means there are kids running around, up and down the halls and screaming all day long as well.  (Can't complain about kids playing outside too much, but as a day sleeper even ear plugs don't drowns out some of their shrieks)  Parking lot noise has spiked considerably, where I seem to hear the bass go though the parking lot all day and all night long.The parking lot is more of a mess.  With cars just speeding though it, even with the speed pumps.  (Someone just lost a cat in somehow in a parking lot you shouldn't be going more then 5MPH in, (Poor kitty. :( ).  There never was enough parking to begin with, and it seems harder and harder to get a visitor in these days as well.Monterra is still a decent complex, especially given the neighborhood.  They wee build well and have nice floor plans.  But this being my fourth year in Monterra, it will be my last.
4	I have lived here for going on  two years now, and my goodness, they have done a stellar job. Let me give you The Good, The Bad and the down low on Monterra.~What To Do~Its an apartment complex.... :)~The Good~First main positive is the physical location in relation to driving. You are twenty minutes away from each major city in Metro Phoenix. It is right off the 202, literally. This helps me on my daily commute to work, only 15 minutes away. My fiance, she is even closer at less than a 8 minute drive. The management here is great, they always are smiling! Smiling lease agents??? Yes! They are kind and helpful. When we had an AC issue last summer, they allowed us to sleep in their promo room near the front. THANK YOU FOR THAT! The maintenance team is always fast with turnaround times and they never quip if we feel like there are still lingering issues. They are non-hesitant about coming back and double checking work done. The rent is also very cheap compared to others in town, its striking to me. Overall, a really solid complex who haven't done us wrong.~The Bad~Not too much. The location we live in, although very nice for commuters like myself, is situated in a not-so-nice part of the valley. I am not afraid to go out at night, but I wouldn't necessarily blame someone if they were. I have never had issues with any neighbors, and I have yet to hear any gun shots. This is a pretty low socio-economic area though, which is why the price is so much lower. Also, they are far away from a nice grocery store. The closest is a Food City, which I prefer not to step my feet in. We have to drive a bit to get to the Frys out off of Camelback, which is 15 mins away but worth it. The local residents also seems to forget to pick up their dog(s) poo, which is nice when you step in it at night. They put out ample dog waste areas and baggies for free, so its just laziness on their end. Lazy neighbors, sigh... The pool also has a bit too much chlorine it it....OK at this point, I am just stretching to find something bad about the place. ~The Down Low~I am seriously impressed. They get a solid 4 stars. Its great that they rate out this high, but they deserve it. They lose a star for the neighborhood, and the distance from a local nice grocery store. But that's really it guys. It's safe, very affordable, and the staff/maintenance take amazing care of their tenants. Please call them if you are looking for something in the area, you will be taken care of!
4	If its an ideal location you seek, look no further. Seriously folks, there is NO better apartments in the entire valley with as good of a location in terms of centrally located. Its also the best "bang for for your buck".  Anywhere else, and you would pay 2 or 3 hundred more a month for the same apartment. The reason its cheaper here may also be why its so darn convenient... its location. You are literally off the 202 and AZ51/ I-10, which might be a turn off to some people. Fortunately, you cant see nor hear the freeway. Staff is top notch and the rec/ pool area is almost resort like. The only downfall here is the landscaping and grounds keep at the rear of the property. It seems like they focus most of their attention in this department to the front part near the pool area.
4	I have lived here a year now and have enjoyed it overall. The location is superb and the best part about the complex because it is so close to everything. The office staff is wonderful.  Very polite, friendly and accommodating. This also goes for the maintenance crew, especially Noah. He has been so kind and friendly and he loves Oscar, my pup. It is generally well maintained although dog poo has been a major issue for me, but that's more a reflection of some a**hole tenants.  My apartment faces the freeway and can be a bit noisy, but if you choose one on the other side you can barely here a peep from road noise. I have also noticed that these apartments are very energy inefficient. Our electric bill has always been extremely high despite being very conservative. Overall I recommend these apartments!
4	I just wanted to write a little something about Monterra's location and surrounding neighborhoods because when I was looking for a place it was difficult to determine the area I was moving to. I also want to note the  apartment complex itself is very nice, and so far the staff have been very helpful, nice and respectful to me and my boyfriend. Monterra's location is perfect for commuters! It's right across from the 202 and 10 freeway entrances and exits, which cuts off a lot of time in the morning and makes commuting not so bad. I commute out of Phoenix, so I am always counter traffic which also saves a ton of time. However, the surrounding neighborhood is a little run down. It's nothing you should be terrified of, but I wouldn't feel comfortable stopping at any near by stores or gas stations by myself and especially at night. If you travel North about 10 to 15 blocks you will run into somewhat of a finical district with a very high-end mall and a very upscale area. And East of Monterra (about 10-15 blocks) there are a few nice shopping plaza with a Walmart, Target, Fry's, Walgreens, etc. There are also a ton of little restaurants along the way. This is the area I like to go shopping and feel more comfortable heading to. Luckily, the apartment complex is gated and you don't have to worry about your car at night. I even forgot to lock my car for a few days and nothing happened to it. Overall, I really like it here, the apartment is nice, the rent is cheap, and I feel safe. I have already recommended Monterra to a few friends.
