5	In warm weather, I love smoothies.  And I have found my new spot! Just opened their doors today (AUG 21) actually - just opened their window (drive-thru only)  :)  I've always been a strawberry smoothie fan, that is, until I had their pineapple! Oh my!  My friend got the mango smoothie and it's a close 2nd for me.  Next time, I'll plan to try the pastries which looked fabulous!LATER THAT SAME DAY . . . When I found myself in the near vicinity later in the afternoon, something sweet sounded so good so back I went for a ride on the Caffeine Highway.  This time I tried the almond poundcake . . . YUM!!!
5	Closed!   Boo!Love the Caffeine Highway!  It is so nice to be able to swing by on my way to work - I drive from Uptown out to Matthews and the location is perfect!  I usually get just a regular coffee - sometimes I splurge and get a latte - the coffee tastes great and the service is oh so friendly!  Davey and Diane are super nice!!!
5	Very great service and variety for both my toddler and I.  I heard the owners really put heart and soul into this business. Superb local!Very great service and variety for both my toddler and I.  I heard the  owners really put heart and soul into this business. Superb local!
5	Coffee houses in Charlotte are a dime a dozen these days, but Caffeine Highway is one of the few exceptions.  The service and variety of beverages is unmatched.  The services is leagues above chain coffeehouses that rhyme that "Sharschumcks" as they owner is very involved with daily operation here.  I met the manager when I worked down the street from the coffehouse and he gave me several coupons.  I love the fact they have a rotating selection of drinks and specials.  The espresso drinks are awesome; they use a medium roast espresso that isnt as harsh as the chains.  The smoothies are more like sorbets, but nonetheless delicious. The staff are willing to accomadate your beverage preferences. Soy hot chocolate or chai latte with 2% milk? No problem. AND they have consigment treats from Nova's Bakery in Plaza Midwood.CH has a drive-through to complement our lovely commuter culture.  If you're near Idependence and Sardis, stop by for a quick jolt of caffeine and friendliness.  You'll be back soon.
