2	Did not particularly care for their food.  Pretty weird-tasting pad thai.  Also, my dining companion and I both felt sick to our stomachs all day after eating here.  Would not reccommend- go next door to Verrazano's Pizza instead.
4	I don't know what Jane is talking about... my roommate and I think the pad thai is delicious.  Add to that that this is one of the few places in the area that delivers, and you have a pretty decent thai restaurant in my opinion.  Just what I wanted on a Sunday afternoon!
2	This place is not that great but it delivers so I have ordered from here a few times. The pad see ew is pretty good.  I also like the pinapple fried rice - it's well spiced but not over spiced.  I've gotten the panang curry a few times and it has been hit or miss ranging from decent to bad - sometimes its just overloaded with sugar.  The tom ka gai is ok but there are large pieces of galangal and ginger that you need to pick out every bite.My fav Thai in town is Lotus of Siam ( http://tinyurl.com/l8hr9w ) , and if I don't feel like driving clear across town, Archi's or PIn Kao are decent enough.
4	I am shocked at so little reviews.  This restaurant deserves some more love!  Although this place really does benefit from the locals, as a tourist like myself probably wouldn't have found it if it weren't for my friend's uncle recommending it to us ("best Thai food in town" he said).Since I was still hung over from the night before (hell yea Vegas), my friends and I decided that an Asian noodle place would be in our best interests.  When we entered, we were greeted by one of the nicest server ever.  She was very friendly and attentiveness, and even told us she may have been us earlier (and if she means my friends and I drunk off our asses on the strip from the night before, then yes, she has seen us).  She was happy that we decided to dine in, since apparently the place gets a lot of take out orders.I ordered the Chicken Pad-See Ew with Bok Choy (since they were limited on the amount of Chinese Broccoli), and it was quite a decision.  It was great!  The noodles were savory and not dry, and there was a generous helping of chicken.  Plus, the meal was barely $7, so it was both good and affordable.I was also very happy that our server allowed my friend and I to drink our much needed Gatorade during our meal.  It was really the difference between us feeling hella crappy to feeling GOOD after our delicious Thai meal.A definite hole in the wall that more people should check out.
3	When I need a quick lunch or low on cash, Thai Taste is definitely the first place I will think of. I wouldn't say they are an "authentic Thai" restaurant, but they are good. They have both Thai and Chinese dishes. The prices are amazing! Lunch specials are around $5.50 and they even include your drink. It comes with the typical entree, fried rice, soup, small salad, and egg roll. Its a small little hole in the wall place, but good food and great service. I recommend anyone trying it at least once.
4	I actually really liked this place the food was not bad at all it was not the best either but it was worth it. I got enough food for two people for 11$ and change. So it was a great deal. But the reason I go back is because of the friendly staff. They didn't just leave me to sit in a corner while I waited for my food to go. They actually sat me gave me a glass of water and had a conversation with me. Granted this might have been different if the place was packed. But it is a good place for not a lot of money. And decent portions too. And the service was awesome. I will be going back.
3	I've driven by this place multiple times, curious but have never stopped to try.  Came home today to a menu on our door and they offered delivery so we decided to give it a try!  We ordered pretty generic-chicken pad thai for me, shrimp pad thai for my husband.  We also ordered an appetizer of peanut satay and a side of sticky rice.  The pad thai was very good.  The chicken satay was tasty (the sauce was yummy) and it came with these spicy cucumbers that were so good! We would definately order from here again. There was a $2.00 delivery charge-totally worth it.
1	When your curry is sweeter than your Thai iced tea, you have a problem.  Here's a news flash: Thai food isn't supposed to be this sweet.  My friends and I went on a recommendation from a business partner.  I should have known that it was a bad recommendation after we took said business partner to Thai Grill, and he refused to try the larb...We ordered the Kana mhoo krop (roasted pork stir fried with Chinese broccoli in garlic and ouster sauce - 7.95), pad see ew 6.95, pineapple curry 7.95, and Tom kha gai 8.95.  I also had a Thai iced tea that was pretty good.  It wasn't overly sweet or creamy, and perhaps on the lighter side when compared to a lot of Thai restaurants.  The tom kha gai wasn't too bad.  It had a lot of chicken, spices, galanga, and mushrooms.  I ordered it with extra lime juice, and medium spice.  It came out fairly bland though, and we had to add chili paste to it, which made it a lot better.  I wouldn't say it impressed me though.Next up was the pad see ew, a standard Thai noodle dish, with beef.  The beef was nicely prepared, and the Chinese broccoli was sufficiently fresh.  The sauce had a little added sugar, but not too much to make it gross.  It was an OK dish, nothing grand or uniquely characteristic other than the added sweetness.The Kana mhoo krop was something I had never tried before, and I wish I could have tried it at a better restaurant.  The oyster sauce was ridiculously salty.  The pork was fried in little slices, making it very tough almost like a thick bacon.  It wasn't particularly good quality, which didn't matter anyway because all I could taste was salt.  The only potential redeeming quality was that this dish had an overload of Chinese broccoli. Unfortunately though, this dish just plain sucked.The worst dish was the pineapple curry.  In the words of one of my work colleagues, "Yuck."  This was probably the sweetest curry I've ever had.  That's all I have to say about that.This is some of the most Americanized, and grossest Thai food in town.
1	Terrible Pad Thai, smelled and tasted awful. The yellow curry was super runny and definitely not up to par with some of the other places around here. Very disappointed. Will not be returning.
4	I love the Panang Chicken, and the service is always friendly. It's very clean, and pretty, although seating is limited. The Thai Tea is very good, although $# for a smallish serving is kinda steep. We have been eating there for years, the taste is always the same, unlike some of the Thai places where its different every time.
4	$ 5.95 lunch specials ! I usually order the basil chicken that comes with a side of steamed rice, egg roll, and a refreshing salad. I ordered a 7 on the spice level-- and it was perfect for me. Anything more, and I wouldn't have been able to feel my face.The staff is friendly, and the food comes out relatively quickly.  This is important to me since I only have an hour lunch break. There are better Thai places in town, but few offer better value for your money.
1	Never again. I absolutely LOVE Thai and was thrilled to find a local spot not too far from my new condo... however,  my excitement was short lived. We ordered crab rangoons, chicken satay, green beef curry and shrimp pad thai... where do I even start?!! First off, the crab rangoons had no undetectable crab and only a hint of cream cheese, the chicken satay was flavorless and tough, the beef curry was an odd consistency with a sad amount of meat and to top off this unfortunate meal, the shrimp on the pad thai was DISGUSTING! It tasted muddy and had absolutely NO seasoning. I tried to explain to the server about the flavor of the shrimp and she wanted to stand there and explain how the shrimp come frozen from the vendor... I could not care less where it came from lady IT'S GROSS! I kept telling her to have the cook make one yo taste and she just looked at me like no one was home. I honestly thought I was going to get sick from eating the one. I am totally bummed that I had such a horrible experience... the search for local Thai continues.
4	Really Clean Restuarant.  Really Fresh Ingredients.  You won't be dissappointed.
1	Very upset with this place. I had the chicken pad thai and it made me sick. As I am culinary student, I had no hesitation to report this place to SNHD. I would not recommend eating here.
5	Been a satisfied customer for 12 years! That should say it all but, I can elaborate. The food is consistent, very fresh and hot. The owners cook and serve the guests, they are there all day and care for each costumer.
5	I have been coming to Las Vegas for business for a couple of years. This tiny restraunt is big on wonderful service and amazing delicious food. I think it is Las Vegas' best kept secret!! It is a wonderful treat and a privelege to enjoy this clean restaurant. Very fair prices too. Take out has also been.convenient and on time for me.
4	Great service great Thai food  especially pineapple fried rice.My son and I comes in at least once a week for lunch special $5.99
1	I really don't care if the food from this establishment is good.  After walking in and ordering fried rice,  pad kee mao, and red curry we sat for 45 minutes for our togo order.  Thai taste could have the best food on the planet, but I will never again order from this restaurant.To be fair the curry and pad kee mao were pretty tasty, however the fried rice barely qualified as fried...Service was friendly.I still will not patronize this establishment in the future.
4	I love kana-mookrop from here. It's the best dish in town. I give it 4 stars because sometime they did not open their restaurant on time.
5	So my hubby and I have been passing by this restaurant for a while and finally decided to try it out.The food was incredible! We ordered the mint shrimp (which was so damn yummy), the orange chicken, shrimp chow mien, combination fried rice, shrimp wonton soup (we were on a shrimp roll), one day sun beef (which by all means was the bomb) and sticky rice. Everything was so delish. The one day sun came with the best sauce! I will definitely be eating there again!
5	One of the best thai places in Vegas. I always feel welcomed in the restaurant. Has great lunch and dinmer specials. The dinner special says it feed 2 but four of us ate it with leftovers. It also has the best green tea ice cream I've ever eaten.
1	I was not at all impressed, and certainly wouldn't recommend. The restaurant was completely empty aside from one other table that already had their food. The waitress was inattentive and the food took much longer than it should. The soup was extremely salty, and all of the entrees were over sauced and flavorless. I was hoping for a new regular Thai place, but this is certainly not it.
3	So being Sunday and feeling kinda lazy I wanted to order in. If you have been following me, I have been reviewing more Northwest area restaurant due to the fact that I live near Summerlin. This restaurant I spotted one day driving in the area and found out they deliver. So I got Appetizer - Gyoza , Pad Thai, and Green Tea Ice Cream. Gyoza was amazing -- very fresh had a spicy sauce with it witch was good but killed the dumpling meat taste. Pad thai -- it was average unfortunately no peanuts or crushed on it or little, and noodles where good. The Green tea ice cream to me tasted more like vanilla ice cream with a green color but it was good I have seen some where its intensely green tea flavored. I have no major complaints, The Gyoza where probably some the best I have had. Will be back to try other items.
1	Very very slow.  First time here.  Figured I would give it a try since it's a block from my house.  Been waiting 40 minutes for my take out order....still waiting.  Wish I would have read the reviews first....
5	Thai Taste is the only Thai restaurant I strongly recommend because I can't trust other spots besides Basil n' lime and this one. The freshness and quickness of service is satisfying and never lets you down. I wouldn't go anywhere else (:
2	Came in to get a few things for lunch. I usually judge a Thai place by their Pad See Ew. Got that and I guess they have a Chinese menu as well so I got the lemon chicken to try it out. Waited for what seemed like forever for the food, so now I am thinking, this is going to be some great food.Not so much. They gave me orange chicken instead of lemon, which was not only the wrong thing but tasted like a bad version of Panda Express. Pad See Ew was ok but nothing special. Noodles could of been a little softer. Overall just subpar. I don't think I would ever come back.
