1	dear 4,431 people standing on the sidewalk, handing out 'girls girls girls' cards.i left vegas 3 days ago and that slapping sound you make with your cards is still in my head.i didn't want your 'girl' service, but i would have bought one of your classy neon t-shirts. waaay better souvenir than a vegas magnet.
4	Same as my other review on the card snappers.  They are just trying to make a living.  If you can't handle seeing pictures of boobs, you are visiting the WRONG city.Minus one for the inability of the promoters to tell me where to buy one of those awesome neon shirts.
1	I think Gross Gross Gross Promoters would be more accurate. It is tacky and skeevy to be bombarded with porn walking down the street. Unfortunately it must work or else they would not have jobs.A special shout out to the guy that tried to hand me one while leaving the M&M store while I was pushing my 3 year old in the stroller- Thanks but I think I will pass on your prostitute on this family weekend.
1	These guys are the most annoying people on the strip! They flick their cards in your face even if you are walking with your wife, kids, parents or what not. Best advice is to just keep walking because they are better protected then you so if you wanted to touch them you go to jail.
1	Yes these guys and their business is disgusting. Yes they are annoying and their business fliers litter the streets for miles.Instead of complaining on Yelp, Gather signatures and get them removed. I feel sad for the guys snapping the cards but they are doing what they have to in order to make ends meet. If you want a signature I will be happy to sign but keep your belly aching to a minimum please.
1	Whenever I walk on the Vegas strip to get from point A to point B and past these illegals who barely know any English are just an eyesore when walking on the Vegas strip.  I remember when I was a kid, I'd  visit Las Vegas with my family and have stayed at Excalibur because it was very kid friendly at that time and newer. My dad would walk me across the street to a convenience store and buy snacks, coffee and to show me around the strip at at the time the New York New York hotel wasn't built and MGM GRAND just opened. Before they built the bridges to connect the casinos, we would just cross the street but then when I came across a lot of advertisements for girls girls girls and never knew what that was about and the sidewalk would always ve littered with these hooker ads.Till this day, I see the same thing in the strip with those people handing and snapping those half naked women and sometimes they are littered all over the sidewalk with kids walking around. I noticed the parents telling them not to look down and just felt disgusted that they thought Las Vegas was suppose to be family friendly and not sleazy like downtown Las Vegas.
1	Why yes sir, I will take one of your cards. Never mind the fact that I'm holding hands and speaking with my wife, I'm sure she'd be quite impressed by my ability to either multi-task or ignore her completely so I can give my undivided attention to check out the ladies. Smooth.Better yet, keep trying to give her one.Do you need to try and hit up the couples? The worst part, though, is little kids can't even look at the ground  when they are down here. Sorry kids, put your blinders on and just sense where that crack in the road or curb is so you don't trip and bust your huge head.I understand that they're trying to make a living but really? On a side note, I can't help but wonder how much business this generates - I have a hard time believing it's enough to make it worth while hiring all these people. Maybe I've got it all wrong, maybe they are volunteers. I guess they could be interns, on their quest to get to know the ins and outs of the business so they can open up their own places and in turn employing others - thus creating jobs and wealth! Once all these internships are over there should be a huge boom in the strip club business - get your resumes ready!
1	These English illiterates are ALL over the Vegas strip hustling flyers and bothering people! I once went to Vegas with my family one year and around that time my brother was I believe 11 years old and this broad hands him a flyer with a naked chick on it! Holy smokes my mom went ape sh*t. She ripped up the flyer and threw it in this ladies face and the lady called my mom the B-word in Spanish so my mom pushed her and told the lady that she spoke Spanish and told her not to be trying to say things she thinks others don't understand just because she doesn't have the balls to step up  and go toe to toe! The lady seemed taken back and just stayed quiet as we sauntered away mad dog'n her.These people are the filth of this city! I mean... yea, everyone has gotta make their $ somehow and this is a good way for illegals to get by. But, don't hand flyers to children! Have some damn sense! Maybe that's how they get down in other countries but that ain't how I roll here!
1	This is the single most annoying thing about lost wages... then again you can collect the escort playing cards and trade them with your friends...Has anyone ever found or hired the girl from the card and gotten her autograph? Are the girls on the cards really in Vegas and working as an escort? Hmmmm... enquiring minds want to know. Has a businessman in vegas called for an escort and have his daughter appear at his hotel room unbeknownst to either of them? Well all these questions and more will likely never ever be answered. HahaPro Tip: Really? Like I would know... I have never hired one of these performers. So sorry, No Pro Tip's for you on this one hahahaBut yeah, these illegal alien types working for likely next to nothing, and the girls are likely working for tips... but hey it's the world's oldest profession and this is in Sin City...Regardless of that, the trash generated by these folks is ridiculous... Literally you see these cards blowing down the boulevard morning noon and midnight... At least they could put a trash can near them to dump that stuff into...
1	Annoying to have 50 hands in your face,when trying to make your way up the strip.Disgusting to have 1000's of cards,littering the entire sidewalk of the strip,when trying to make your way back down it.
1	Have you ever wanted to punch somebody after leaving a casino broke? These guys make the perfect candidates for your punching bag as you walk down The Strip dejected.Many of these guys just jumped the fence and don't know a lick of English. Others are simply high schoolers needing paid. Regardless, they are ANNOYING.Also, I'm pretty sure what they're promoting is technically illegal, even if it is only frowned upon in Sin City.Hint: never talk to one of these promoters. Always walk past them without saying a word.
1	Like most men, I was faced with the dilemma of how I was going to hire an escort when in Vegas. But not any more! I have all of the info I need on a convenient business card and even with the girl's picture so I know what I will be getting. I love how the people handing out these cards don't discriminate whatsoever. Walking the Strip with your wife? Here have a card! Visiting with LV with your family and young children? Have card! Only 12 years old? Have card! Every young boy deserves to lose their virginity to a paid escort!Seriously, they need to tone things down a bit. I told one of the guys, "no thanks" politely, and he kept following me, finally just throwing the card in my face. I think that everyone should take a card and just throw it in the trash.  Then it will drive up their printing costs.
1	Worst marketing in the city. Standing on street corners downtown, verbally harassing pedestrians and littering their pornographic "advertisements" all over town. I don't have a problem with nudity, I have a problem with the cards being accessible to small children- so inappropriate. These promoters are annoying as hell, disrespectful, and know no boundaries. If I don't make eye contact, here's an idea: leave me alone. That is not a coy way of inviting you to follow me down the street ten yards and toss papers at my retreating back.
