4	Excellent pollo asado street tacos. And the rice pudding is delicious.  I will definitely be back to try their many different salsas.
5	Have to say I was impressed.  Went for Happy Hour and had a couple of street tacos.  Great Value and realy delicious.  This place gives off a vibe of welcome and comfort.  A place to hang out with some friends on a Saturday afternoon.  I will be going back to try their regular tacos and salsas very soon.
5	Great new place, with a relaxed atmosphere and a bit trendy ;) love the Baja shrimp gourmet tacos and the salsas are fab!
4	Stopped in for happy hour the other day to try the latest edition to the street taco crazy taking over Phoenix.The place is small but well decorated and cozy and I loved the lighting at the bar. We split the street tacos which were only $1.50 during happy hour! What really set them a part were all the sala choices. I picked 6, my favorites were the roasted corn, chipotle and avacado crema. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of them on the menu. The coronas were still around 5 bucks on happy hour which was pretty high, but they did have house margaritas and wines for $5.I will be back
5	Been here three times since it opened and loving it. The salsas add a lot of variety to the flavors and textures of the food. Will definitely come back and recommend to friends!
4	This little taco place is legit! Last night my hubby and I got the keys to our new house in Madison Manor, and were thrilled to see Urban Taco had opened right at the end of our street. I had high hopes for this place because who doesn't want access to awesome Mexican food just a block away from home?Well folks, I am pleased to report it was incredibly delicious! We started with a tasting flight of 5 salsas, and that honestly could've been my whole meal right there. Chips and salsa are where my judgment of a Mexican restaurant lies, and all of the ones we sampled were great. The variety of flavors they've created are sure to please most everyone's palate.For the meal I tried the costilla short rib taco and the Baja shrimp taco, which were delightful. Hubs had both of their pork offerings and they were thoroughly enjoyed as well.They have a nice little bar with a selection of wine and beer that includes a few craft brews (which hopefully they will expand more as the business grows). There's also a selection of specialty mixed drinks for those of you looking for an extra kick in the pants.During our dinner last night, the owner himself welcomed us to the neighborhood, so come on out CenPho and welcome him too!
2	I was so excited to give this local new place a try. The place is dark and urban but well done. The food was so average and they do not offer fish tacos... What a blunder.
5	Loved this place! First impression -  AWESOME. I love hand crafted, rusty, eclectic stuff and this place has just the right amount.  The owner was really nice and made a some of the stuff himself like a old drafting table into a dining table. Then the margarita came - pretty decent! Waitress was really attentive. But the food - Salsa sampler was amazing and the Urban Street Taco's were great. I had the short rib, braised pork and octopus asada. The pork was the best and the octopus was a nice spin on street tacos but I'd probably do all pork the next time. Really enjoyed everything and the price was right on a saturday afternoon outting with the girls after a fun day Vintage shopping on Cave Creek Road in Phoenix. So glad my friend Christina suggested it!
4	I had the green chile burrito and a margarita...it was delicious! My go to place has normally been Los Taquitos but I think this is my new one :) The owners were attentive and the atmosphere was great. I will be back.
3	Was so excited to have a gourmet taco shop within walking distance! Stopped by today to pick up take out and try it out. Mmmmmm .... mixed reviews.It's very cute inside.The menu isn't as interesting or "gourmet" as I was expecting. And it's expensive for what it is. $5.75 for a bottle of Kiltlifter is a lot. Tacos were $2.50 for street and $4.75 for gourmet. Ouch! I had two short rib street and one braised pork street taco. Liked the poblano strips, but it lacked little flavor without the salsa. The selection and tastes are much better at Taco Guild if you are seeking gourmet.May try it again, but definitely on HH when the street tacos are $1.50 and beer a dollar cheaper.
4	Pros - nice ambiance - delicious tacos, we all liked the chicken ones the most. - good salsaCon- only 1 waitress
5	WOW.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant, but boy is it good.  Urban Taco has an upscale feel while still remaining very friendly and welcoming.  Definitely stop by from 4-7 pm for cheap margaritas and $1 off "street" tacos.  I sampled two tacos off the gourmet tacos menu.  The Costilla short rib taco was exquisitely tender and delicious, but my favorite taco was the Baja Shrimp taco, which was filled with plump shrimp.I think Urban Taco's secret may lie in the spices and salsas.  We tried the pico de gallo, cucumber (ended up being one of my favorites, what a surprise!), avocado and garlic crema, chipotle (lots of spice but great flavor!), roasted corn and garlic crema (sweet and unexpectedly delicious on the chips), and chimichurri (fresh and herbal, my other favorite of the night).  I would have been satisfied with a basket of chips, a margarita or two, and a selection of the diverse yet delicious salsas; the amazing tacos were just the cherry on top.Great meal, great service, and all for a great price.  I'll be back!
5	What? Who would give Urban Taco 3 stars after trying the octopus tacos?  If you like tacos and a relaxed vibe, but especially salsa, check Urban Taco out. Much more than expected. And they have good beer too.
3	Their tacos are really outstanding but their wine list and margaritas not plentiful or that good. However nice environment and their 5 different salsas w chips--wonderful.
5	Food is excellent, as is the drinks and service. We has a wonderful evening sampling a variety of street tacos and salsa. We plan to return soon for another lovely evening. I highly recommend this place!
4	Our first visit was a couple of weeks ago. My boyfriend is quite picky when it comes to food and I am always on the hunt for a great street taco. We both enjoyed the Urban Street Tacos. We tried one of each (made our own sample plate) My boyfriends favorite was the octopus asada, mine was the braised pork. We enjoyed the warm, salty chips after our tacos to finish the awesome salsas we tried. All were great! Margarita were a little weak, but that is an easy fix. ;-) We will be back!
5	It was my second time to visit tonight.  Great service.  Very pleasant atmosphere.  I ordered the chopped salad.  The best salad in town!  It is interesting and more than just a pile of lettuce.  I love the variety of salsas too.  Great flavors.  Very interesting choices.  Fresh and reasonable.  I love that it is a neighborhood restaurant that offers excellent food and wonderful service.  Love it!
4	This place is not your average Mexican restaurant. The place has a collection of different furniture the menu is simple and the food is first rate. i like the different salsa's that you can order. The staff needs a little training on customer service, a little disorganized, but not enough to keep us from going back. This is a great addition to our neighborhood
4	This is a good solid addition to the 16th street corridor, though it enjoys a less than fortunate location in the strip mall where the infamously ghetto-fabulous 16th street sports bar used to be. it has a fun cheerful atmosphere and the bar is a great place to park, have a few drinks and some food. Their Happy Hour goes 'til 7 which is awesome and you can enjoy $5 beers and $1 off chips and salsa. I started out with chips and guac which did not disappoint-fresh and delicious.I took the two taco plate which consisted of a short rib taco, and octopus taco and a side of rice and beans. The tacos were flavorful and good sized. The short rib was good but I expected a little more from the octopus taco-perhaps more meat or less marinating and other ingredients because I really couldn't taste it. It was not bad, don't get me wrong but I love octopus and was REALLY looking forward to this and it didn't quite deliver.Their salsas are great. The chipotle salsa is really good but the kick sneaks up on you. My taste buds were toasty even when I was driving home.This was only my first visit so I'm eager to come back and try more tacos.They have a small but solid selection of wine, your requisite Corona and Dos Equis and some tasty looking hand-crafted cocktails.The service is friendly and the crowd that was in were all lively and fun. My underwhelming octopus taco not withstanding, I still recommend stopping in and giving them a try.
1	Wanted to like this joint...yelp reviewers were positive...but sheesh, cannotrecommend anything.  Service was awful & taco corn tortillas were hard &brittle.  Fillings were below par too.
5	First visit was awesome!  Chips and three types of salsa and all three were delicious. Had the pollo asado tacos which were moist and tender.  The owner came out to check on the meal which is always nice I think to have a connection with a local restaurant owner.  The ambiance was very casual and the music was great too.  Definitely returning with more friends!!
5	Happy that my first Yelp review is of this great new place. It's amazing what they have done with the space that used to be a bakery. Very, well...urban...comfy seating. I had the 2 taco plate, veggie and the shrimp, and my friend had the shrimp burrito. Portions were ample and the taste of everything, including the salsas and chips, was fantastic. Our waiter was very nice and helpful. I LOVED their chimichurri. This is a great addition to the neighborhood. Looking forward to checking out their happy hour.
5	Just got back from lunch with coworkers and this place is amazing. We had the 5 salsa flight which was great; gave a chance to savor many flavors. Then cane the tacos and those sure didn't disappoint. We were all raving about the braised pork. Go get some tonight! And at the end I placed a to-go order for a coworker and the salad is the size of a toddler! She said its amazing; she had me order the chopped chicken salad with chipotle dressing. I'm so going back to this place.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Our waiter was incredible, his name is Sam. He was one of the best waiters I have had. The atmosphere is much much better than I expected. I will definitely come here again, probably very frequently.  Every single salsa was great. My burrito was perfect. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
4	Good food, great salsas, great service. Pretty room, and friendly & attentive service. We were there for dinner (bonus -- happy hour runs through 7:00). Started off with chips and a variety of salsas. Loved the chipotle, as well as the avocado. Street tacos were $1.50 each so I tried all 4. Short rib, pork and chicken tacos were all very good. Octopus was only so-so; would have preferred more grill/char flavor. Decent craft beer options, although no drafts and high priced ($5?) for "happy hour". Nice place, we'll be back.
3	We have been anxious to try Urban Taco......we eat out daily and I am a native of North central Phoenix .......we arrived at 11:10 having confirmed on line that they open at 11:00.....we were the first to arrive for lunch. Only two men were sitting at a corner table.......we were totally ignored, having just come from a spin class we were not at all well dressed.....but finally one of the men stood up and ask us if it was 11:00...... And then very tersely ask if we wanted to eat. He was so rude!!!! I later confirmed he was the owner Ouch !!!!The food has pretty good over all, but not great......the guacamole was horrible! Very thin and kind of runny.......rice and beans side dish, below average.....tacos, we tried three different kinds were pretty good.There are so many restaurant choices in NC Phoenix , with more opening all of the time.......why would be bother to return or recommend Urban Taco......Otro is better.
4	Great addition to the neighborhood!  The tacos are awesome.  Huge selections of "salsas".  They are really good, but less traditional than a tomato based salsa.  They are creamy (they need to mark the dairy free ones on the menu) and act more as taco sauces.  The burrito was massive; way too big for one person.  So-so happy hour, but the drinks sound yummy.  Beer, wine, and tequila only.  Super cute inside!
3	I was excited to see Urban Taco move into the Central Corridor area. However, not to impressed. The chips were not authentic, I believe they were Tostitos. I tried 3 salsas, the cucumber salsa good concept but  lacked in reasoning and needed a crunch factor or spice. Tried 3 street tacos and all lacked in seasoning. I will say they are definitely better than Americas Tacos. Being Hispanic, please make your own tortilla  chips and SEASON your food, it will make a difference.
5	Maybe I'm naive given the lack of great tex-mex where I'm from (NY), but I absolutely loved this place. Fantastic salsas (their specialty) and I had the chicken burrito. One of the best I've ever had. I'm sad I won't be back down this way anytime soon.
4	First time here. Loved the food. Made well with attention to detail. The margaritas were great not a mix made from scratch. Good service nice place. I will be back. I hope they don't get too busy to get a table because this food will take off. Great prices too. Thank you Urban Taco for a very nice meal.
4	This place was surprisingly delicious. They have an unassuming storefront in a little strip mall off 16th st North of Bethany. The husband and I met our friends (Erin B and her husband) at Urban Taco for happy hour on Saturday night and happy it was! Their happy hour offers $1.50 street tacos, 5$ margs, 5$ beers, and 1$ off salsa flights. We decided to get 8 (yes... you read right, 8) salsas, guac, and a vast array of tacos. The salsas were awesome, with the table coming to a consensus that the best were the chimichurri, chipotle, avocado, and habanero (which was not very spicy at all) and the ones we would pass on would be the corn and garlic (really odd flavor), the roasted tomato (nothing too special), and the cucumber (some liked it, but it wasn't overly flavorful). The guac also was nothing special, so maybe pass on that. I had a short rib taco (which was really good, the meat was tender and flavorful), the braised pork (also very tasty, but a little less so than the short rib), and the pork belly and potato (pretty yummy, like a mashed potato taco, but the belly didn't stand out). I tried the octopus taco, and it was good, surprisingly tender, but a little fishy for me. I had a marg and it was standard, but a good deal at 5$. Happy hour goes until 7, even on Saturday. Check them out, I know I'll be back!
4	A co-worker and I went her for lunch and both loved our dishes.  We both got two tacos.  He got a pork and a shrimp, and I got the octopus and a short rib.  I couldn't believe how tender the octopus was and the beef melted in my mouth.  The side dishes are even tastier than your typical rice and beans.  We will definitely be back, maybe happy hour next time!
5	You can't throw a sombrero in Phoenix without hitting a "modern Mexican" restaurant. They're all branded as gourmet, fusion, and sport the same stained concrete and corrugated iron interiors, minimalist decor and overpriced food. It's a formula that works I guess, although lacking in originality.Urban Taco fits this mold. Sleek, modern interior? Check. "Gourmet" tacos on the menu? Check. Stained concrete and corrugated iron? Check.So what sets Urban Taco apart? Why should you come to yet another Modern Mexican place?THE FOOD. Urban Taco may not be an original concept, but of the myriad Modern Mex places I've been, Urban delivers on the Taco.Let's start with the salsa. My advice: try them all. Each has its own unique nuance, and they are really what make the tacos here pop. Don't skimp on the salsa.The food is extremely rich. Listen to these dishes: pork belly and potato, roasted corn and garlic cream, avocado and garlic crema. Extremely heavy and creamy, and every bite is a joy. The Rajas Con Crema De Maize impressed me the most. In keeping with the rest of the menu, it was thick, creamy and rich.Urban Taco is definitely worth a visit.
2	OK So we went here for lunch today and we were so looking forward to the food!  But alas, the food was not so hot.  We had a flight of salsa, all of which began to taste the same.  They all had this creamy mayo like base to them, lending the flavors to be very similar.  We did not try the pico or the corn salsa which I'm sure and hope were not creamy based as well.I had the Pork Verde bowl, which had such an odd flavor that I actually couldn't finish it.  The same flavor was in the Mexican rice so perhaps it was the rice but where ever this seasoning was it didn't work and made both the pork and rice uneatable.Joe had three street tacos; one being the pork which tasted crummy just like mine, a chicken taco, which was dry and the last taco was the Costilla, this one was flavorless.  He ordered the taco plate that came with re-fried black beans which were actually delicious and more of that crappy rice.I completely agree with reviewer Raquel R.  If you're going to pass yourself off as a modern authentic taco place, make your own tortillas and chips and you might want to reconsider how you are seasoning foods and where seasoning might be lacking.The service was fine and the decorum was very cute.  But overall the food is overpriced and tries too hard.  There are so many gourmet taco places springing up, many being a lot like this place.  Overpriced food, flavors that miss the mark and little attention to cooking basics such as not serving dry chicken!
3	Nothing that made me say I must come back, had taco and salsa flight.  Service was fine, nice set of wines, clean safe. So if you need someplace for a first date or catch up meeting this is great...if you are looking to have an gastro adventure this may not be the spot.
4	Fun place! I really enjoyed the food and the location. I will come again for sure. Clean location and plenty of sitting room.Only downside was the marg- not good at all.
5	This place is awesome. If you want to try something new and different come to Urban Taco! Their salsas are as amazing as the tacos. Service was great. If you have Alix or Corynne, you're bound to fall in love. Had a great time! I'll be back!
4	Gourmet taco plate:Baja Shrimp tacoBraised Pork tacoAbsolutely delicious Salsa flight (5 choices) very good (pico, good; Roasted tomato and poblano, very good; Roasted corn and garlic crema, good; Habanero, great; Chipotle, great)Service started out a little aloof but warmed up as lunch progressed. Interior is nice, but very small. Big tables, bar looks nice. This place will be hard to get into once "the people" catch wind of it! Let's keep it our secret for now.
5	Great food. Love the street tacos. Well done presentation. Reasonable prices. Street tacos are $1.50 during happy hour. Atmosphere is neither too loud nor too quiet. You can have conversations!  But the food is the reason to come. Choose your salsa from ten varieties.
4	The food is delicious! I had a bean and cheese burrito - wonderful option for vegetarians. We also had five different salsas which were all excellent. The flavors are amazing. The only negative thing about the experience was the customer service. The wait staff could have been more personable. It was happy hour but she didn't mention it at all. Aside from that, I recommend it!
4	Had Friday night dinner - salsas are great, beer selection is limited and they were out of two select beers.  Music is nice, great relaxing, quaint neighborhood place.  If you live in the area it's an easy walk.  Nice bar area. Had the grilled chicken burrito which was nice, but the chicken is not grilled, it's shredded.  They also put paprika all over the rims of every plate which gets all over if you are not careful.  Will definitely come back soon - bring a friend.  We need cool nice restaurants in this neighborhood.
5	Such a wonderful neighborhood restaurant. Great service and wonderful food. Love having great restaurant in the neighborhood to walk to.
4	Came here for Taco Tuesday and LOVED it! The interior is modern, I always love brick walls and wood tables. The music choice was on-point. Honestly, sounded like a playlist I have at home so that was a major plus :) The staff is very friendly and educated of the menu. The food was quick! We tried the Salsa flight of 5 different choices and the waitress suggested their best ones (loved all of them). Tried the octopus taco, carne asada, and pollo all three were amazing! Will definitely be returning soon! Perhaps on another Taco Tuesday evening!
5	I'm almost hesitant to write a review because I'm afraid of this place being "discovered" and getting so crowded I won't be able to get in.  I've been driving by for months and have been curious but something about the little strip mall was a turn off.  However, one night last week I was on my way home around 9:00 PM and saw it was still open so I figured I'd get some take-out.  OMG!!  The food is ridiculously good!!  I couldn't stop eating it and I can't stop thinking about it!!  I can't really speak about how it is to hang out there because I've only had one chance to go back, and again it was for take out.  That said, the food is AMAZING!!  It's hard to find tacos this good.  I can't wait to go back and try everything!!  So far the street tacos are my favorite.  The gourmet tacos are good too, I just can't really tell a difference except in size and the amount of meat they use (more for the gourmet, obviously...and they don't offer the shrimp taco in a street size).  I want to try all the salsas but I'm having a hard time breaking away from the unbelievably tasty habenero salsa.   I love this place and am telling everyone I know.  It's hard to find tacos this good!  I can't wait to take my friends and family.  I am going to eat here as often as possible!  I hope Urban Taco stays open and does well because it is wonderful having such a great place in the neighborhood.
1	Seating was atrocious.  Poor setup.  Chips were stale. Salas were good.. tacos were mushy.  Pork belly was not crispy.  Nice looking little place but would not recommend.
2	This place recently opened near my house, so we figured we'd try it. Went for happy hour street tacos... $1.50 per seemed like a pretty good deal. Walked inside and really enjoyed the look and feel of the place (this is why I gave it two stars). That's pretty much where our excitement stopped. The food took forever even though there were only a handful of patrons. The bill came quick though, which was awesome because we couldn't get out of there fast enough. Tried all four street tacos, and they basically tasted the same. No real difference or flavor, unless you added the provided flavored salsa. The rice and beans were extremely underwhelming as well.I probably will try this place one more time, as it is literally a block away, but I won't be recommending this place to anyone anytime soon.
4	I loved this placed. The decor is great. The service is great. The short rib taco was great. I love anywhere that has a good margarita. And it is in my neighborhood. I couldn't be happier. You will enjoy it.
4	I have driven past this place numerous times. Today I decided to stop in for lunch. Entering the building one immediately gets a feel of urban contemporary.  Great ambiance but not stuffy.The menu is small but very nice. The salsas are excellent.  We tried five different ones. The cilantro lime was my favorite. I wasn't surprised at the prices.  It seemed appropriate for the location. I was surprised however at the portions.  The tacos are served on small shells. The gourmet are about $4.50 each and the regular ones are $2.50. What really surprised me was $2.50 for a non refillable diet coke. Lunch for two, with tip, was $36.00. We also ordered chips. I left still hungry but satisfied. The food is excellent.  I will go back but may have a small snack first.
4	The food tasted great. However the service was awful. Our waiter scolded us for asking him to split the check. We were all in disbelief and couldn't believe it was happening.
3	Food was really good. Loved the chicken street tacos and the salsa varieties! But the service was not so great. They nearly lost their minds when we asked to split the check at the end of the meal and were less than gracious about it.
3	We had seen Urban Taco many times from the street on the way to and from our usual haunts in the neighborhood and finally we decided to check it out.  The concept of the atmosphere is what's in style, for sure, but the execution of the rustic/industrial concept needs a little bit of work.  We sat at what looked like a bar, but upon further inspection was a U-shaped amalgamation of bespoke knee-busting tables, setup in a manner that precludes about 8-10 people from joining the glorified community table setup (fake bar!).  I say fake bar, because when I ordered my margarita, the employee went in the back of the house and emerged with the "cocktail" a minute or two later.  Maybe he didn't want me to see him pour the Costco margarita mix in the glass, I don't know.  So we sat here, weren't really greeted, whatever, etc. I can live with it.  Then we ordered a flight of salsa, which came out lickety-split.  If you're highlighting salsas in my opinion, your chips should be delicious.  These chips were store-bought, room temp, nothing special.  So we're sitting there and assessing the situation - it's busy, pretty good atmosphere, 1/3 of the items are palatable so far, so we ordered tacos.  We tried all the street tacos, they came out fast.  They were all pretty damn good, but the plate came and nobody said what each taco flavor was, just dropped the dish and left.  Octopus was the only discernible visual difference between the four varietals, and the least exciting.  The other three were nice, tasty morsels.  Then we realized the music.  What a buzz kill.  It was a hodgepodge of about 10% classic rock, and the rest is what my wife referred to as "adult alternative."  It sounded neither urban, nor rustic, nor taco for that matter!  Long story long, the bill came and it was taco Tuesday and about $20 total, so I have to go back.  At a regular price of $40 for two, I'll be down the street.  If they step it up, it could be a really great neighborhood spot!
4	I should be out running right now and not writing this review, but with Urban Taco fresh in my mind and belly I thought I would crank it out. Place is near my new fav bar Linger Longer Lounge so that's a plus! Okay, it's a Thursday night and I have been drinking for about two weeks straight so this was a food only mission. My gal and I ordered up some chips and a grouping of salsas. All but one of the salsas were shockingly thick. But don't worry, these salsas will get any mariachi band up and trumpeting. Roasted corn, avocado crema, green chili w/ cilantro, cucumber and roasted tomato/poblano. Usually there will be a salsa that falls flat. Not here, all are loaded with flavor and with the thin chips are a must! Wow, I could really use a pacifico beer. No, stay focused and dry!! Next on the list is two street tacos. Pork belly with potato? What, can you mix that shit? Hell yeah, and to my surprise it was a mashed potato. Unreal. All I can say is unreal. My second choice, the short rib. Moist (hate that word) short rib with some greens and sauce. Delicious! Now the gathering tables will leave you little room for your thighs and the service can be a bit dodgy, but they are very friendly and appreciate the business.
5	I recently stumbled on this place and love it. If you like Octopus, you will be happy to know the meat is cooked perfectly (not rubbery at all). I have tried the street tacos and gourmet. The gourmet veggie taco is the absolute best. Even if you are a 'meat' person, you will be surprised at how delicious and filling these are. I see a lot of negative reviews on the price and I am wondering where these people eat. You can get two large gourmet tacos, rice, and beans for like $10. It's inexpensive for the quality, freshness, and amount of food you get.
4	This place trying hard to get on board the gourmet taco restaurant trend. Located in an old strip mall, they've done an entire renovation to the interior of their space to create the urban-industrial atmosphere they are shooting for. Music from the stereo behind the bar fills the restaurant almost as if there was a DJ in the building. For food, they've got two things going for them: excellent salsas and well prepared meats for their taco creations. With a group of whatever number, they want to start you off with an appetizer of chips and your choice of their homemade salsas. Then you each order your choice from a good variety of tacos. I'm giving them four stars because the salsas were so good and the meat was tasty, but I almost gave them three stars because Lunch for one was $17 (two taco plate and an iced tea).
4	Wow...one of the best burritos I have ever tasted!  Good service, nice, cozy atmosphere and downright tasty food.  We enjoyed the pollo burrito and are still talking about it a week later...it was that good!  We will definitely be back and you should get yourself there quickly too.
1	Terrible experience. We ordered the salsa flight which was good. Then ordered the tacos and a burrito. The pork was pink and undercooked. When we sent the plates to the kitchen so they could see it the owner/chef came out aggressive and confrontational. In all my years of waitressing, bar tending and being a restaurant manager (and having to deal with these issues) I have never attacked a table in the manner he did. We will never be back.
4	It was a nice small local joint, with a fun ambiance. The tacos were really yummy (we had the basics-pork, beef, chicken). The margarita was nothing special, but not over priced. Friendly staff and the food came out pretty quickly. It's great since we live down the street! Great addition to the neighborhood!
4	I was really pleasantly surprised by this place. Small restaurant but it was consistently busy so we decided to try.  Smaller menu but our tacos were very good!
5	My new favorite Mexican food restaurant.  Love the salsa choices.  The chips are great.  My favorite is the vegetarian tacos.  Amazing!
4	My husband and I spent 24 hours in Phoenix recently, and stumbled into this place after unsuccessfully finding a different restaurant we'd been circling the block looking for.  "Let's just find something quick like tacos!" we said, and swerved into the parking lot as soon as we saw the unassuming "Urban Taco" sign.  We were pleasantly surprised with the warm, modern decor (well decorated but not too pretentious), the interesting menu choices, and the delicious food.  We each got tacos (veggie, shrimp, carnitas, beef) and they were all good.  We had told the waitress we were in a hurry, and the food came out quickly. We tried a local Shake chocolate stout, which was delicious, and the bartender came over to chat with us about it.  We both agreed that if an Urban Taco opened in San Francisco, we'd eat here all the time!
