5	This is a hippy dippy health food store. If you care at all about what you put into your body, shop here. If you prefer processed foods and the typical American diet, don't bother. Prices are very reasonable. Selection is truly outstanding. Great book selection as well. They put on a radio show every weekday morning. The staff is mostly friendly and very knowledgeable.
4	An apple a day keeps the doc away, but do I listen? Not as much as I should and I definitely never pay attention when the doc tells me I need to take more vitamins. Both are traits I'm trying to fix, but in the midst of my struggles, I stumbled across the one store that might save my immune system and soon to be brittle bones. Battling the sniffles, I was told to check out Healthy Habits Health Foods in Central Phoenix. The stubbornness in me said no, but the sickness in me said, what the heck. So in walks sick Lindsey, already against the concept of vitamins and not knowing where to even begin. The store looks inviting but with so many different bottles and supplements, I didn't know what I was going to do. Then, as if my deer in headlights look was caught on camera, a staffer appeared out of nowhere. I stuttered my way through my list of needs and symptoms and like a vitamin guru, he ran through the store grabbing the items I asked for and those I needed but didn't know I needed. He was so friendly and helpful but not in a "in your face" sort of way. Feeling like I was walking through my neighborhood grocery store, I kind of wanted to find an excuse to stay, but with my cart full of "get me wells," it was time to go on my way. The checkout was seamless, and I got in my car (parking right in front), went home and was well in no time. Since then, I continue to go back and visit healthy habits, even when I'm A-ok in the health department. They made the nonbeliever in me realize that vitamins don't bite and searching for healthy foods can actually be fun.
4	-Healthy Habits is like a concentrated version of Sprouts (smaller version crammed into a small shop). Before Sprouts came along, this is where you had to shop for the healthy stuff.-Healthy Habits reminds me of a little NYC grocery store, small and every nook and cranny filled to the rim with products.-Smells good when you walk in, like lavender, chamomile, and other natural herbal stuff. I felt like I took a shower just by walking through the store.-Rows and rows of vitamins and other natural suppliments, protein powders, and some food items.-Prices were pretty decent.-They have a pretty good selection of books (natural remedies, natural living, etc)...well marked too.-Dr. Bob Martin (kfyi radio) talks about this place every Saturday am.-Employees seemed helpful.-Parking is convenient (spots are kind of tight and close together in case you are concerned about car dings, etc).
4	Great selection and wonderful staff.  They're always happy to go way beyond the call-of-duty to look for something you are requesting, and if possible, special order it and stock it for you - fantastic.  Four stars because I still have to shop elsewhere for fresh food and some strange herbs / extracts.  Would put 4.5 if I could :).
5	They have chia seeds.They sell raw cacao powder.There are 11 kinds of nut butter.Homeopathic remedies line the walls.If any of that gets you... a) inspiredb) excitedc) slightly hot and bothered  ...then definitely go. Now, if you have no idea what I just said... stick with Fry's.
5	OMG!THE BEST Health Food store in Phoenix, without a doubt.Came down with the worst cough I have ever had, went in and bought the 2 items recommended by the doctor who owns the store, and my cough went away.The doctor is VERY helpful and has restored my health several times.I HIGHLY recommend this place and is the only place I go to get my health food vitamins and minerals.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the knowledgeable staff!  Finally!
5	Very nice people combined with a very nice selection.if you have any questions you can just ask and every one there is happy to help you.This store for sure is worth checking out.
5	Great selection, friendly and knowledgeable staff and they had exactly what I needed for my upcoming plane ride (I get nauseous).  Great prices too!
5	Fresh Raw Cow and Goats Milk.MMMm
5	Healthy Habits...how do I love thee, let me count the ways. 1: Awesome selection, 2: great helpful staff  3: everything from bodybuilding oriented stuff to really great health supplements. 4: prices are super competative 5: and I just love going there!!! I would say I am there once or twice a month.....and so far it has been a beautiful relationship!!!
4	Great store but lack of certain items
5	I've lived in this neighborhood for 8+ years, and have driven by countless times. Finally, after a bout with an illness, and in an effort to get my immune system back on track, I decided to stop in and see what they had to offer.1) I had no idea this place was so big!2) I feel ashamed that I hadn't been in before!3) Staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. I spent time talking with the naturopathic nutritionist who gave many more recommendations on diet and nutrition and pointed me in the direction of affordable supplements. 4) They offer free work shops and seminars every Sat. 5) Super competitive pricing6) Healthy Habit is a locally owned and operated store (why was I wasting my money at the Vitamin Shoppe again?) It is a very crowded store, but they have so much to offer!
4	If you have a really strict, doctor imposed diet, this is the place to come and snag things you wouldn't normally find at your average grocery store. That being said, you do pay a bit of a premium for things, so I mostly come here for the handful of items I can't find anywhere else.
5	Love it. Avoid the big chain stores. Healthy Habit Health Foods is a Phoenix institution! Great to see the always affable Dr. Dan in-store!
3	I just visited Health Habit today and found it to be a more than adequate store. They had a wide variety of homeopathic products for just about any malady you can name. They also have a satisfactory assortment of things like electrolyte pills and B complex vitamins. Furthermore, they have information about diets and health regimes for people of all ages.  The staff was friendly courteous and extremely helpful. Finally, and most importantly, they have a large selection of good tasting, healthy foods. The cost of the products was slightly than say a grocery store, but not any different from Whole Foods or any other health conscious places. So, check out Health Habit if you are in the neighborhood, it will fit your needs.
4	I have shopped here on and off for years, they have a really good selection of just about anything health and beauty related and the prices are very reasonable on most things I have purchased. My biggest complaint is the way the store is laid out is far too cramped and difficult to navigate particularly if they are busy and there are many people in the store. It would be a much more pleasant experience if the store was in a larger location and easier to traverse. Can't beat the selection of products though, no matter what I'm looking for I can usually find it there.
5	Three years ago I was diagnosed with a FUNGAL BALL (ewww!) in my sphenoid sinus (the deepest, hardest to reach sinus cavity). I was terrified after researching this condition on the web as it can be fatal and the surgery is quite dangerous. I went to one of that year's "Phoenix Top Docs", an ear, nose and throat specialist. He immediately wanted to do surgery!!! I asked for a less invasive therapy (anti-fungal medicine) and he refused. His reason? The "blood supply up there is minimal and so the medicine would never reach it..." I persisted, suggesting "It can't hurt to try". He flatly refused again, so I found Healthy Habit Health Foods on-line & went searching for help. Dr. Dan took me by the arm, whisked me around the store and filled my basket with close to a dozen anti-fungal herbs and suggested a special diet as well. He also assured me that I wasn't going to die and that I could beat this - he gave me HOPE!!! About 10 months later, that whole, gross, huge fungal ball CAME OUT. What a miracle - this is sooo rare! I adore Dr. Dan and am convinced he saved my life and I would recommend this store to anyone. I do advise you though to ask for help, because it can be confusing. The place is jam-packed with so many great items that it is hard to find stuff. But I love this too, because i know it is jam-packed for a reason - they care so much about their customers and want to be sure they have something there to help everyone. Finally, I shop around when it comes to supplements and most of the time, they are cheaper than anywhere else, even the on-line stores! Good luck with your health and never give up. Shining On... Chris
4	I am a fairly frequent customer here. The store has an amazing selection and for the most part they keep up with their inventory. And again for the most part you can get solid advice here but i would strongly suggest you do your research/homework on the internet prior to coming in. Its like getting a 2nd opinion which is always a sound thing to do-especially since supplements can be crazy expensive and in some cases useless. My only gripe is when i show up on one of their busier days. The aisles are tight and it only takes 2 to 3 people to make the product in these aisles unobtainable until you can jockey your way in. The other gripe i have is using their web site. It has an option that allows you to ask a question to someone on their staff and indicates someone will contact you back via email with an answer. I have tried it twice and neither time was i contacted back. If your not going to fulfill that service...or if its broken....get rid of it from your site folks!
4	Love supporting local business... had friendly service  by all.....
5	I love this place!  Very friendly and helpful.  And they carry hard to find supplements like GLEE!  It keeps me going!
5	This is a great neighborhood health food store, I just love going there! Shopping locally is not only good for your budget but for the community as well.  I find that items here are much more reasonable than the chain health food stores.  I even find hard to locate items that generally I have to purchase on line.  I love raw milk for making Kefir and I can purchase it here along with the Kefir granules!  I cannot say enough good things about HH, if you are a staunch supporter of your community and into a healthy lifestyle, then  defiantly visit this hidden gem!
5	I love to support local business and to take care of my health as naturally as possible. Healthy Habit is a win win for this. Their store front is deceptively small though because when you walked in you can see that they have a huge amount of products for sale.I went in today looking for essential oils for use in helping me get over a cold. I walked through the store to the essential oils and had no less than 3 workers ask if they could help. When I did accept help from the 3rd worker she was friendly and very helpful in finding just the right oils, even pulling two different brands of the same oil so that I could compare them.  They didn't have one of the oils I was looking for (chamomile) but offered to either have me get the herbs themselves or to order it for me if I would rather. Great customer service and a surprisingly large selection of unique products.
5	Great selection, local small business with knowledgle helpful staff. You get the sense the staff are passionate alternatives to health and wellness. Instead of of spending your money at sprouts for vitamins and such, check this small gem out.
