4	They opened earlier this week and their food is wonderful. However as of yet they don't have as many tables as they will in the future and decoration is also lacking. They are only just starting, so help them out and dine in! If you're not feeling it, they deliver!
4	The menu for Super No. 1 came in the mail, and I was curious how it would be. I ordered the Combination Lo Mein and it was tasty. The menu has a lot of options and the portion sizes were large. I will order from here again and I look forward to trying their other dishes!
4	Had not had Chinese food since moving to Vegas in 2012. Decided on this place after reading reviews on YELP. It certainly doesn't disappoint. All food is fresh and made to order. Best crab Rangoon's I've ever had. Great portions, too. Staff is friendly and welcoming, and very attentive. Great for families, good sized children's menu and portions. Definitely recommend and definitely going back soon.
2	For a new Chinese restaurant, I expected better.  Their flavors were off.   I don't understand how a new restaurant could start off this poorly.It's hard to find good Chinese in this area.
2	Two stars for trying to support a local restaurant. Hot tea was Lipton, not very authentic. Crispy noodles not very fresh tasting, and didn't come with dipping sauce. Had the lunch special shrimp broccoli with steamed rice and egg roll. Decent sized shrimp, but sauce was overwhelming and total portion was underwhelming. Egg drop soup was decent. Some drinks come out of a fountain, and some are served from a can. Confusing. Decor is not very appealing, but service was prompt.
5	I love this place!!! I moved from Germany and there was an awesome resturaunt that had a dish I have been searching for since I have been here. Well, they had exactly what I was looking for and it tastes amazing. Never ordering Chinese from anyone else.
2	Not much flavor. Nobody in restaurant during Sunday lunch. Incense burning at front door if you're allergic. Water tastes like tap water. Lady couldn't understand much English.  Ordered from a picture and it was nothing like shown. Too much ginger flavor in their sweet & sour sauce.  Won't be back unfortunately
