3	The funny thing is, I might not have liked this place much if I had found it on St Laurent or St Denis, but then it wouldn't be Miss Villeray. Tucked on a quiet, green residential street (Villeray) between St Laurent and St Denis near Jarry Parc, Miss Villeray is industrial bar meets 60's diner chic with most tables lined up against the big open windows. Outside the windows stretch wooden benches where the party inside continues for the smokers. Apparently this place gets a little crazy on the weekend (like cowboy hats and dancing on the bar crazy) but on a sunny Tuesday is was just partially full of locals, quiet and kind of perfect. Instead of 5a7 they have 3a7 daily, which is smart in a town that loves a little mello daytime drinking. The cheese, meat or seafood boards look like the way to go menuwise and at 12$ the right size to order one of each if you're out with a crew, which I plan to do soon!
5	Wow this place might have become one of my favourite little hangouts, it's just too bad it's not in my neighbourhood.They have a good choice of beer, lots of micro brews, the food was great, especially if you like tapas style.  I think I had a Charcuterie platter, meats, cheese etc...  This will be a definite repeat.
3	Sympa bitro , mais se rempli trop rapidement . C'est petit .Bonne musique d'ambiance .
3	ok bar in the buzzing villeray neighborhood.beers are ok. cheap enough but nothing to write home about.found the drinks to be expensive but from what i got, an old fashioned, it's packed with alcohol. biking my way home was a bit hard..noise level can be pretty loud making it hard to hear people. service is great though. waitresses and waiter are quite attentive and helpful enough.there's a terrace but no alcohol outside which defeats the purpose of a terrace!place was buzzing when i got there (around 7pm ish) and it was almost dead by the time i left (around 9pm ish) so i have no idea if it gets crowded and better on other days.its decent enough for a stop but there's better around if you're not too lazy to walk
2	Go for the name. Don't stay for the drinks.Crowd is a mixed bag of no.Cocktails are disgusting. Sugary mess.I wanted to like this place, the vintage neon sign and name seduced me but in the end Miss Villeray, I'm just not that into you. See you never.
4	We finally came here one of the last nights we were staying in the neighborhood, and I was sorry it took this long for us to try it!Atmosphere: I would call it sophisti-casual. Low lighting, nicely-dressed and attractive crowd, high wooden tables and a modern bar in colorful lights. A great place to catch up with old friends or to make new ones!Drinks: an impressive array of local and non-local microbrews. My husband loved his until I ordered a Snakebite (half blonde, half cider, with a ruby kiss of creme de cassis for which it's named) and he tried it. His face fell. It was the perfect drink for a warm summer night, one we have replicated many times since for our family and friends.Food: we shared a market salad and a margherita pizza. Both were outstanding. The salad was very fresh (arugula, beets, chevre) and perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette. The pizza came with a thin crust, expertly charred, and a well-placed array of fresh toppings -- mozzarella, basil and tomato sauce. It was a lovely meal.Service: our server was friendly and fun -- a little sarcastic but I like that. He kindly indulged our non-perfect French. Bonus: It was ladies' night, which meant I got 2 free beer tickets. What?! Guess we'll have to stay for awhile. We were happy to.
