4	What is there to say about this place besides "unlimited golf?"I drove an hour and a half to get to this distant location, conveniently located right in the middle of B.F.E.  I figured, what the heck, it's unlimited golf.Right away I noticed that there were very few people there, and it was in excellent shape.  This Troon course is very well maintained; the grass was green and the greens rolled true.  The course is also very playable, with wide fairways throughout.  I hit 12 of 14 fairways on my last 18.45 holes after starting, and after a very enjoyable day with good golf and no crowds whatsoever, it was time to finally call it quits.  It's a shame this place is such a drive, or else I would show up for unlimited golf every month during the summer.  But then again, if it were closer, there would probably be crowds and no unlimited golf, right?Also, I hate those two par 5s on the back.  They are going down next time!
1	I'm giving Copper Canyon 1 star because I don't want anybody else to know about this place.  Shhhhhh!Best/Truest greens in Phoenix...probably because nobody is willing to drive this far west to play.  This makes for a stellar putting experience sans unrepaired ball marks that seem to be all over most courses in the Valley (doesn't anybody repair their marks anymore?)  As always, Troon properties treat their guests well.  Personally, there is just something cool about walking up to the range to see a pyramid of balls waiting for you.  Not to mention the joy of having somebody pull your cart around while you get checked in.  Sure, these are tiny details, but for a guy that plays a lot of muni golf, it's the little stuff in addition to the conditions that truly separate the great courses. The starter was very helpful, and went over the ground rules and recommended that we play the Combo Tees to maximize our enjoyment.  This shortened the par 5's and the longest par 4's while keeping everything else middle or on the back tees.  Great suggestion!Finally...Unlimited golf for $45.00 in the summer which included a burger for lunch.  Sure, there are cheaper options, but not many places can match the value of this place.  Just make sure you fill up the gas tank before venturing out to Southeast Las Vegas:)
4	This golf course barely missed getting the 5 star treatment.  Like one of the other reviewers, I was actually contemplating giving this course 1 star so as to keep this hidden gem a secret.  Even with being on the cusp of Arizona's peak golfing season, I was able to snag an affordable twilight rate from GolfNow.  It also didn't hurt that I was playing on Super Bowl Sunday afternoon.  From the first tee, I could tell that I was going to appreciate and enjoy this course.  The tee boxes were cut cleanly, the fairways were impeccable, bunkers were well-maintained with collared tan bermuda  and, as with any Troon managed golf course, the rough was green and slightly penalizing - unlike other courses that don't seed their rough.  The greens, though, were a mixed lot.  All of them were slick and rolled true but a good majority of them were peppered with unfixed ball marks and golf shoe pocks.  I might be nitpicking here because the greens were by no means damaged and such.  The course itself is very straightforward and flat.  There were only a few holes that got past an undulating 30 degree grade.  And while the course is called "Copper Canyon", other than the final hole, the views aren't awe-inspiring and Del Webb cookie cutter retirement homes do line most holes.  Copper Canyon is a bit of hike if you don't live in the northwest Valley but with it's reasonable rates and top-notch maintained 18, it's worth the drive.
