4	The name says it all.  This family owned restaurant (3 to be exact) specializes in tortas but they also carry your staple Mexican fast-food affair you would find in AZ.  Everything I or anyone else has had has been solid.  Just in case you don't know what a torta is, the best way I can explain what one is that it is essentially a toasted sandwich with a fusion of Mexican and American ingredients.  When it comes to TEG's tortas, there are a few standouts.  One would be the cochinita.Cochinita which is marinated pork is absolutely delicious by itself, but in a torta, it is absolutely scrumptious!!!  My best description of what cochinita is to think of pulled pork that is braised in a slightly sweet, salty, and spicy redish/orangeish sauce.  In addition, it has American sandwich staples such as mayo, shredded lettuce.  What makes it a "torta" are the slices of sweet and sour pickled jalapenos and carrots and slices of avocado (and they do not skimp).  What completes the sandwich, I mean torta, is the bread.  It's always warm and fluffy in the inside and the outside always has a nice crisp texture from the grill. The other torta I would strongly recommend is the carne asada.  The combination of the carne asada steak with mayo, fresh pico de gallo, and lettuce along with the warm bread makes this torta an absolute winner (my mouth is actually watering just thinking about it!).The Cubana, which has your typical ingredients that come with any spin on the classic Cuban, is also good.  If you are a big fan of Cubans, then this one may be for you. But in my humble opinion, this does not anywhere near come close to the yummy goodness of the cochinita and carne asada.The Hawiiana (Hawaiian) is also a relative good choice.  With the combination of Ham and fresh grilled pineapple along with other condiments, it also is descent selection.As I stated before, they do have staple Arizona style Mexican fast-food here and there are a few I would recommend.  One would be the flautas (large deep fried rolled tacos).The pollo is the one I would suggest.  If you envision your typical fried rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, well this is not that, this is even better!  The flautas at TEG are larger with much more stuffing then your typical rolled tacos.  In addition, they make them with yummy flour tortillas, not your typical corn.  The shredded chicken is well seasoned and moist.  The tortilla is always fried perfectly, light crisp on the outside with the inside of the tortilla still soft.The burritos here are good, actually better than average, but because the tortas here are the showcase, everything else takes a backseat.  The rice and beans are hit and miss, especially at the Chandler location.I used to give TEG four and a half stars, but with the mistake of expanding too quickly, combined with quality and consistency falling a bit, I would have to give them three and half stars; four stars would be stretching. I'm anal so three and three quarter seems to fit.For example, the Phoenix location, which the Son runs and where he started the chain has a few issues.  For example, the Cochinita at the Phoenix location is always drier and saltier than the other two locations.  In addition, they have certain items only at that location that the other two do not.  One would be their Sonoran style hotdogs, which are excellent and an item I would highly recommend.  When I have gone to both the Mesa and Chandler location and asked for them, and unfortunately they said they don't carry them.  I was disappointed to say the least. Another example of inconsistency is the last time I went to the Chandler location.  I brought a couple of out of town guests, and I was a little disappointed because the bread was a little too bready (dense) and not light and fluffy as usual.  When all the ingredients are in perfect symphony, you have one amazing torta, but when one ingredient is off such as something like the bread being too dense throws off that harmonious balance of flavors and textures.  In this case, it made a difference from a four and half star sandwich to a 3 star sandwich (which is still good in my book, but not great).The best and most consistent is their Mesa location.  I think that it is because Mom and Pops run that particular location (well they used to anyways).  Everything has always been consistently delici-oh-so-good.Overall, would I still recommend Tortas El Guero, and do I still go?  Yes, but I wouldn't rave about the place like I once did especially with the inconsistencies I've experienced as of late.
4	It's closed.
