1	UPS on GVP & Pebble: Terrible!!  I asked for next day delivery service and explained that it was imperative for a SATURDAY delivery. Idiot scheduled it for Monday. Now I'm screwed and manager, Michelle, was NO help. Did not take responsibility for their screw up. She blamed me for not double checking  which i should gave done but she never took responsibility either!! Don't trust them to get it correct. Double check the work.
1	Congradulations, Pebble Marketplace UPS, after 113 reviews, you received my first one star review.    On my visit to The UPS store in Pebble Marketplace, I left with the impression it is disorganized and customer unfriendly.  I went here for a money order. The Manager (I'll omit that person's name), in the not most friendly, and a rushed manner told me that they don't take money orders after 2 PM. Besides being such an absurd policy, the manager had no suggestions of where to pick up a money order, or acknowledgment of me as a customer. By the way it was 2:15 PM. This is like going to a pharmacy and the Pharmacist saying we don't take prescrptions after 2 PM.    Plus there was packing material all over the floor.   This is the second time I left here disappointed. Places like this ar e an argument for the mega retailer.    After leaving here disappointed, I went to the location at Pecos and Windmill. I left with a much better impression of a UPS store. (Please see my review for 2657 windmill Parkway, Henderson).    Business owners please keep this in mind. Although a customer may visit your establishment for a minor item like a money order, that person might return for more business.
4	If you notice, most of the reviews are old and the reviewer hasn't reviewed anyone slse. Really not that out the ordinary of a UPS store. Yes there is a lot of family working there and slightly all over the place but meh everything I've shipped made it and on the correct date. They give a 15% discount for people shipping to deployed Military(thank btw). They're around the corner from my house. The one woman I usually have helping me is very nice and remembers me every time. It's a UPS store not a restaurant, verify you stuff, you can't send it back to the kitchen.
1	Bent over in Henderson!I had to pick up groceries at Smith's in the same plaza, so rather than running to a USPS site, I knew that The UPS Store could handle a First Class, Certified, Return receipt letter under 1oz. The USPS charges around $6.30 total for the transaction. I walked into an empty UPS Store, and the clerk waited on me right away. I filled out the return Receipt card, and the Certified Card, and they were both attached to the envelope. The clerk entered the sale, and then said "That will be $12.22! I was shocked to say the least. I asked her of she was sure it was entered correctly, and she said it was. I thought the USPS discounted any of their services performed by UPS. Apparently, UPS just doubles the USPS rate, and hopes that no one notices. I will NEVER be back to that clip joint, if I was not permanently disabled, I would have dropped the letter off at a Post Office. I signed up with Stamps.com today, they allow you to print all the required info right on an envelope, and then request a pickup. That's the route I will take from now on.
1	Needed to return a package to sender, they wanted to charge me $2.00 to put one piece of tape across the box. Got the wrong item from amazon and it said to take it back to a UPS store. I had to explain to her that my wife has a PO Box there, then she rolled her eyes and told her daughter/assistant to "just tape it". Poor attitude, poor service. I didn't need to buy anything so I understand I wasn't contributing to their business except for the amazon prime service I have that allowed UPS to ship me a package, but the attitude was unnecessary. Would've gladly paid $2 or more if the lady was just nicer.
1	The store manager is rude, lacking EVERY key feature that a manager should have. Luckily there are two other girls who sort of helpful. However, customer service rating talking for it's quality. What a shame. Everyone on their cell phones... What a joke this place is. I rather drive few miles extra next time.
1	I tried to send a medium package via UPS Ground. The timing of the delivery didn't really matter to me. I was told that my package was not eligible for ground shipment. I would have to send it air for $73. For a Wednesday drop-off, it would arrive the following Monday. When I asked why I couldn't send it ground, I was simply told it wasn't an option. Basically they refused and only gave me one option. Interesting how that one option happens to be the one that makes them the most money possible. I decided to call around. The other UPS store on Eastern told me that ground was always an option. Finally I decided to go to the UPS customer service booth on 335 Arby Lane. I was able to send the package ground for only $27. With the ground option, the package was delivered one day later but I saved almost $50. Please do yourself a favor and just drive to the Arby Lane location. Otherwise, these people are going to rip you off every single time. They are dishonest and try to squeeze as much money as they can from every single customer.
