5	A friend referred me to Soutwest Customer Firearms and I was pleasantly surprised to see their selection.  Everyone was super helpful without being pushy.  More importantly they were knowledgeable about guns and firearms with most of the guys being prior military.  I would highly recommend that if you are in the market for a firearm or knife that you check them out. Ask for Jon.
5	Ok, I normally don't write reviews unless something is outstanding or really crappy. In the case of Southwest Custom Firearms, I say Outstanding! Why? Because of the Intro to Firearms class I took last night with John, the store manager. I grew up in CA and have been very afraid of guns and never even considered touching one let alone buying one. Now that we're in AZ, the hubby wanted to get one for home protection. The only way I would do that is if I were comfortable with the gun.John's Intro class has gotten me to that point and I am so thankful. Here's what was covered and why I think this class is a must for beginners.1. First thing covered is a few AZ laws regarding firearms2. Second is safety, safety, safety. 3. Simple, steb-by-step instruction on how to handle a few different guns (the common ones that most people have for home security). He doesn't give you a ton of rules of do's & don'ts -which you'll likely forget. Instead, just 3 simple rules. I like that. We dry-fired with 3 different guns. 4. He gives his suggestion for what gun would best suit your needs without pushing product. After last night's class, I'm now ready to handle a gun at the range and practice. Which is another thing he stresses - practice, practice, practice. Thanks John for helping me conquer my fear of guns!
2	The selection is so-so... But the problem is trying to get the guys who work there off of their cellphones long enough to show you the so-so selection.. Let alone greet you when you walk in the door. I hope their customs orders are keeping them in business... Because I can't imagine their storefront is doing the trick. Save your time.. Go somewhere else. I had good luck at Cabellas, but bass pro and Scottsdale gun club are decent too.
5	Good shop, third the accolades for John, and all the others here who've helped this pistol neophyte shop there, very friendly, honest and helpful. Repeat and remaining a customer, highly recommend
3	Only store that sells a particular holster.  Unfortunately I did not try it on one of their similar firearms before purchasing, and the fellow at the counter said I was good, but it was too small. Being from out of state, that is a bit of a challenge to return.  Fortunately the manufacturer said they will exchange, but I had hoped to avoid shipping.  While my experience was so so, I'd give it a chance if I lived in the area.  Some of the firearms felt overpriced a tad.  If you are a veteran, ask for a veterans discount.  Don't know if it just applies to accessories or firearms also.
4	Thanks to Steven M on Yelp Talk, I found this place.  It's too bad that this place is closing.  The guy working there was very cool and helpful.  I was able to buy some magazines, a couple of semi-auto pistols, and other accessories for wholesale prices.  Very nice!I wish I heard about the sale sooner, I heard there was some awesome deals to be had.
