4	This place was insanely busy when we arrived near the end of the lunch hour. The restaurant had a back room to accomodate our large group. It was a nice touch with the room having a glass door, so the noise of the restqurant was blocked out. The service could have been a little better but our orders came out corectly and we got refills so I can't complain too much.The food was standard as you would expect from a chain restaurant but it seemed to taste that much better because it's one of those places you can only visit when you're in QC.I personally enjoy St-Hubert more than Swiss Chalet, but I know there's many more people that would argue that point against me.
3	Nice setting for a chain restaurant, the food was good and the service was adequate.
1	A friend recommended(born & raised in Montreal) this "incredible chain" to me, during my visit. It was a "must go." So before my concert at the Bell Center, we bee-lined to the closest St. Hubert we saw. We had 1.5 hours to spare, before the 7pm concert  - plenty of time. WRONG.nothing,ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about this place impressed me. IF i didn't know better and took this place to be the representation of Montreal, I would have left right away.Nobody greeted us. They wiped the table after we sat. Nobody spoke to us, let alone explain the menu items. We were dying for a cold mixer (we're all passionate about drinks) but nobody asked.I don't think I've ever had such a salty soup in my LIFE - it was like drinking salt water - 2:1 salt - but could I let that be known? no, because nobody came to check on us. Tables around us with French -speaking people were check often but we were not - we don't do this, in Toronto - just avoiding Francophones? it's not heard of.The chicken was good - the sauce was no Swiss Chalet, but it was pretty good too. by the time we were done eating - we had 30 minutes to concert time. Of course, nobody would even make eye contact with us.Even when we got up, dressed to go - nobody came. We had to go ask our tab to be closed - as you would do at take outs.So in the end , we were 30 minutes late for the concert.I'm glad I knew better than to take this place as a representation of Montreal - and thank goodness our dining experiences improved during our stay for my first timers to Montreal.DON'T VISIT, IF YOU DON'T SPEAK FRENCH. was the message I got from this restaurant. I will bite my tongue on that.
1	We love at st Hubert and usually have great experiences when we go.When we went to this st Hubert it happened to be a freezing cold day.. So we had about a 20 minute walk to get here from my sister place in Montreal. When we got to st Hubert my 3 kids ,husband and I were frozen.. The first waiter we saw spoke French to us and when we replied in English her demeanor changed a bit....less friendly..She seated us by the doorway, but after sitting there for a few minutes and getting a cold breeze on us we decided our frozen bodies couldn't take it anymore..I spoke with the waiter about changing seats after sitting there for about 8 minutes and not being seen by anyone.. Even though the restaurant was pretty empty..She sent a man to come over and get us to change seats .. Over all the reception was cold .. They made me feel uncomfortable for being there and I kept wondering if it was because I was English.. Would never go here again..
4	It's St-Hubert. An institution in Montreal. Good chicken, good service. Its a good place for a quick lunch on weekedays.
1	No greeter, sticky icky table - seriously need refinishing, service was meh, the food was alright (St. Hubert  is St. Hubert) - I ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio and got Pinot Noir (whatever). And the best part....wait for it...was the itinerant guy urinating out side the widow - Bon Appetit! They must be getting used to serving drunk hockey game attendees.  Never again.
4	Food was really good! Very good service too
1	We finally just left. Never got service after watching our waitress gab to her friends for 15 minutes. Nice.
3	Being from Toronto I have to say st hurbert isn't the same as Swiss chalet. The Swiss chalet sauce is everything. The service is was good. Server was friendly and quick. Food was not bad either. Big plus free wifi 3 out of 5 stars
