5	L'Institut is a hospitality school, and its culinary students and graduates operate a gourmet restaurant that is open to the public.  The food served at the restaurant is unbelievable, and it is hard to find such exquisite food for the price anywhere else!  The service is also top notch.  The hotel is open to visitors as well and is relatively inexpensive.  I haven't stayed there but the building is very modern from the outside and very interesting.  A must see for visitors, highly recommended!
4	Great experience. Room was great as was the staff. Breakfast is buffet only. Good the first day, meh the next. You could tell it was a training experience for the students when a line formed waiting for clean plates and multiple staff just walked by.There is a great crepe place across the street: La Bulle au Carre. This is a good location for shipping and wandering. Square St. Louis is a lovely park.
4	im a fan. the staff was very friendly. we were able to change one of out menus because couldn't eat some of the stuff. we also got the wine pairing and that was also very nicely done im not a very big wine person but they did a good job.
4	Some odd food combinations and strange English translations, but well cooked, professionally served, and entirely approved of.  Breakfast is of lesser quality, with buffet scrambled eggs and cooked from frozen pastries, and some items (osso bucco, for example) not American diner friendly - but very good."Modern" French cuisine, with locally sourced ingredients.
5	I love the Crown Bamboo bath sheets - think ultimately absorbent and light. I had to google and order some for home. The goat milk's moisturizer  and bath soap are wonderful. Room  is squeaky  clean. Waffle knit bath robes are lovely. Bed and pillows comfy. Balcony inviting and weather happened to be cooperating with rays of sunshine and some warmth.  Underground parking for a small fee (in Montreal, seriously? How great is not having to circle around trying to find parking and worrying about break ins?).  Service overall friendly and attentive. Lovely breakfast (don't miss the mini croissants).Some minor opportunities. List ordering information for goat milk products and towels. : ) Crank up the strength of your breakfast coffee. Instruction on how to swipe your card on getting into room (top/down, fast/slow etc). Provide a list of TV channels and languages.  Provide some more cups for the coffee machine (and milk packs in refrigerator) . How about a bottle opener in the room? Overall, I am a raving fan and will return.
4	We are big fans of this hotel. Staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms are very nice: modern, clean, comfortable and quiet. They have really good bedside lamps and a little seating area with sofa and coffee table. Bathrooms are interior, but light is good and some have a walk-in shower. Each room has a little balcony with table and chairs. Very sweet. I recommend staying on the side of hotel NOT on Rue D'Berri, as it is quieter and overlooks the charming Rue St Denis. The breakfast used to be served by institute students, but now is buffet style and is not as good as it was a few years ago, though coffee is good and strong. We had dinner only one night and it was so-so and expensive. Location is outstanding. Have stayed here three times, all in June, July for the jazz festival. It is a 20 minute walk to the jazz festival venues around Place des Art. Right across the street is a charming Montreal park with fountain and benches--perfect for relaxing and soaking up the local scene. Park de la Fountain is a short walk away and is great for jogging and strolling and it has a nice little cafe for brunch or lunch with outdoor seating. Shopping and restaurants on Rue St Denis and surrounding streets to the west is great. All in all, this is a great deal if you are not into super lux places. Would be five stars if they still had their old breakfast service.
5	I had lunch here at the Culinary Institute and it was delightful. There is some slight apprehension during service, probably due to nerves on some of the students part and my terrible franglais =) but they put their best effort to make sure our meal was great.I selected the scallop ceviche to start and I'm glad I did. Very fresh, the citrus flavours definitely highlighted this dish nicely.The flank steak for my main was good. I asked for rare and it was more on the side of medium-rare, but it was still very tasty. It came with some potatoes and asparagus spears. The spicy coulis was a good accompaniment to the protein.For dessert, I had the panna cotta and it was very nicely presented and was an excellent choice to close out a meal.Highly recommend coming here for a good dining experience.
