5	This is in the big shopping plaza on 44th and Thomas. If you live in Arcadia, chances are you've shopped at Arcadia Crossings and you might have seen signs all over the parking lot: "$5 watch batteries". I saw those signs for about 3 months and still neglected to break out a Lincoln and get my battery fixed. Finally the stars aligned and I had my watch with me and a few minutes of free time. The store owner Jenny was helping a customer who magically kept pulling watches that needed new batteries out of his jacket (in July mind you) asking if she could fix them. No worries, I browsed though the Arcadia News which had a stack of their newspapers there. Once Jenny was able to help it only took a minute for her to fix the battery and have my watch ticking again like new. They charge a couple bucks for the install so with tax $10.29.  What I did like about the place is when talking with the owner, I found out they have been around for years, back when there was a big mall where the Wal-Mart sits today a couple blocks down the road.Her and I'm guessing husband had a small cart at the mall and ran everything. When the mall closed and the big shopping center was opening up, they made the move. I didn't buy any jewelry that day, but any small business open for over 25 years in the same neighborhood should tell you something. If anything they are worth a visit on your list of stores to check out and if you can't find anything you like, go over to Costco and get a hot dog and soda. If you need a watch battery replaced, be sure to visit these guys!
1	ZERO stars. I brought my $600 Swiss army watch in as I needed to have a number placed back on the dial after a drop. Should have been a quick, cheap job. I jut picked it up and it looks like crap. There is excess glue all around the numbers, which they say "I have to live with". As I was making my case with the Asian lady who owned the place, one of the other workers was snickering in the background. Not only that, this simple job took 3 weeks to complete as they had to send it to California to fix because they did not have to tools to put the watch back together. Worst of all, the crown/pin was not attached properly and is loose. This place needs to be put out of business. Bottom line, Do not trust them with your jewelry even for seemingly simple jobs.
