3	Service was kind of slow, being that there were only 2 other tables being served.I had the Kobe burger with swiss and mushrooms. The burger was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. The French fries were also very good!
2	Service was slow and the waiter seemed absent-minded. This actually worked to our favor because he ended up removing a burger from our bill for some strange reason. We were in a hurry and didn't have time to argue (at least, that's our excuse), so we treated it like a comp and tipped accordingly. The burger itself was pretty good, but I doubt I'd ever return.
2	There are not many choices in Miracle Mile so I have ended up here more often than I should. I always go in with high hopes but leave disappointed. Our waitress was very pleasant and service was a reasonable speed. It is just that the food is not very good - especially for the price.I had the grilled cheese. It comes on Hawaiian sweet bread - which I like - but there was a definite lack of cheese for the thickness of the bread. My husband had the hot dog which he said was "alright". As mentioned in another review, the french fries are good. It is just nothing special.If you find yourself at Miracle Mile, consider taking a 10-minute walk outside and finding someplace better to eat.
2	Came here because the food at the Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood Casino is pretty limited unless you really want to sit down for a meal.  But for grabbing a bite to eat, we figured we'd try this place.  The only problem is that this ended up being a long meal.  I ordered a beer and 20 minutes later, it arrived and the waitress took our food order.  Another 20 minutes or so later, she came by to tell us our food would be out soon.  Another 15 minutes later, she brough our food out.  On top of that, the guacamole burger didn't have guacamole on it.  And the nachos didnt have cheese on them.  So after getting a side of guacamole and some cheese for the nachos, we finally get to eat.The food was good, kailua pig was a little dry but tasty.  The burger had a really good flavor to it.  But the service was so bad, especially considering how few people were in there.  It was just too bad to deserve a 3 because of that.
1	Service was incredibly SLOW. We waited forever for our food. The two tables that came in after us and ordered similar meals after us, got food first. Then when the burgers came, they weren't even good. They had no flavor whatsoever. I wouldn't go back.
2	Went here for breakfast day 1 arriving in Vegas to sum it up:Meh food.Pretty good breakfast deal. Slow and forgetful service.If you want more detail read on.We were drawn to the restaurant by the promise of a good breakfast deal which is what we got. The food was cheap and just general diner breakfast food nothing very special but nothing objectionable. The worst part was the service. Service was super slow and took very long to come take our order or get refills on our drinks. Keep in mind this was at like 10 AM and the restaurant was near empty. The waitress had to be reminded multiple times to bring sugar/cream to the table. I am sure this place makes decent enough food but the wait times to just get a simple breakfast and get out were too long for any rational person to bear.
3	This place is a staple in every Vegas trip I go on. Either it's a drunken dinner here mid trip or the hang over cure the day we leave this place has some pretty good food. I get the same thing every damn time I go, the Royal Ali'i double down on the eggs please. Yes sir/ma'am this burger is the perfect gut bomb. Cheese bacon and egg absolutely divine. That burger with a side of chili cheese fries will cure anything (unless you have excessive diarrhea, just might add to that fire) Reminds me of an Islands, good solid food
2	Bottom line... AVOID this place!We got some good nachos, but we were starving so our judgment was impared. There was only 1 waitress for the entire place... at LUNCH TIME! She fought valiantly and did a great job, but she was outmatched by the many diners in attendance and the service was ultimately SLOW.  Burgers are $10 each without sides. Not worth it, but the nachos were plenty big to share with 2 peeps (also $10). Come to think of it... every item on their menu is $10 with a few at $11 and $12.They had Fat Tire on tap, which is great, but $6 for a pint is a Ripoff. Bloody Mary was $8. Again... ripoff.
2	Burgers were nothing special at all and arrived cold. Calamari appetizer was overcooked. Service was inattentive. Best part was the fat tire. Go elsewhere.
4	Burgers are really good. We try to make a stop here whenever we come to Vegas. It is a little pricey, $10 for just a burger without the sides. The onion rings & fries are good. They let you order them as a half & half. Good deal.Overall, we like it & will be back again.
3	Food was ok mostly junk not healthy enough for me. Find of pricey you do get free soda refills
3	Pretty good loco moco and I'm not normally a  loco moco person. Basically, it's a beef patty on rice with a fried egg on top and gravy over that...mmmMMm, getting hungry just thinking about it.Maybe I'm just craving some local Hawaiian flare kinda food but, this is the best loco moco I've had in Vegas so far...Let it be known that this review is only based upon the loco moco. Haven't tried the burgers or anything else. And speaking of burgers, just because it's an "Aloha Burger" or has a pineapple in it, don't make it any where near being "Hawaiian.." lol
1	Mediocre food, Apathetic management , and a long wait for the food.  Quite possibly one of the worst food experiences I've had in a long time. Do not come here.
2	We had the pulled pork sandwich.  No bbq sauce which I thought was weird.  So it was a little dry.  The coconut shrimp was awesome though.  The best part of our lunch had to be the cocktails.  The mai tais were awesome.  I would eat here for drinks and appetizers.
4	I really like this place too. This place was going to get only 3 stars for its burgers, but I remembered having them bomb ass nachos which made me up the ante on this rating and I recommend nacho lovers to try it as well. The meat in the nachos were nice and tender not hard to chew like those other places that sell nachos. My burger sliders were also good, I got the kobe beef meat that was just delicious. I really like this place and would come back for more because of their variety of foods (not just the burgers), but to be quite honest it wasn't the best burger I tried, but it was good, which is why I first said that I'd rate it only 3 stars, because this place is known for it's burgers I just wanted to point this out if you're going to try their burgers, but those nachos were just too delicious to not rate this place any higher. My experience here wasn't all that great and it took ages for our food to come, but that didn't matter because those nachos made it well worth it. There was a wait when coming here took about 15 minutes to be seated, not sure if it's always packed like this but be prepared to wait to be seated if you guys are coming here.
2	The woman had family visiting from Switzerland, so they decided to Vegas it up.  We visited the Miracle Mile shops while her Aunt struck it big at some slots.  She decided to treat us for a meal and Cheeseburger Las Vegas, aka Cheeseburger At the Oasis was the recommendation.Seating was prompt and the ambiance was cool - pseudo Hawaii/surfer/L&L/Ultra-Hawaiian look...which for me...is blehh..  The waiter came and took our order about 15-20 minutes after we sat.. (this wasn't so bad..)I was debating on whether or not I should try the original burger "Cheeseburger with an Attitude" or the "Ahlili Burger".  I ended up with the Ahlili burger just for the fried egg and bacon.  I also had the notion to be adventurous and perhaps try a DIY Golden Bowl (http://www.yelp.com/biz/golden-bowl-charbroiled-teriyaki-6-long-beach) style burger:  Their cheeseburger with Avocado and covered in Teriyaki sauce.BUT NO.We arrived at 9:00pm, so the night was still young (and this was a Thursday).  Explain WHY the waiter had NO gusto in his service and not happy at all to serve us.  I WANTED to try the DIY burger, but when he came to me his respose :"{sigh}..what did you want...{frown/look/awkwardness}".   My response dropped from a full fledged custom burger to "the alili burger".  He doesn't acknowledge me and walks off to the other member in our party.Being Vegas, I would have thought that I could have a "Vegas Burger Experience" - ie meat cooked the way I want it, toppings the way I want it, dressing and sides the way I want it, but I guess this wasn't burger king:  I couldn't have it the way I wanted it.We sat and waited...and waited...and waited.  Drinks came out, their iced tea tasted like water...something was wrong with the mix I suppose.  We brought it to their attention, but instead of fixing it or trying to see what was wrong, our waiter simply said "This is how it is".Lovely.We waited...and waited...and waited.  He never showed up until our food came out (1 hour later....really.   The woman's family were still in conversation.  They mentioned the long wait, but I was really hungry and did notice).  The food was awesome.  I can't deny it.  The burger, even though it was cooked on the medium well side, it was good.  I preferred a bit more pink, but i wasn't given that option.  The cheeseburger was done well.  I could careless for their coleslaw actually...i didn't taste any dressing on it, and it seemed as if they wanted the pineapple taste to come through into it...but I didn't get that flavor on my palate.  Overall:  The food, although EXTREMELY long on a Thursday night, was worth the wait, IMO.  I would have appreciated better customer service, because lets face it:  It is apart of the dining experience.  This is the main reason as to why I did not give it a 3 or four stars.  Simply put, as the 2 stars state "Meh.  I've experienced better".  Had the waiter been more friendly and explained the menu, I would have opted for the Cheeseburger Challenge, as my burger was small.  (And I could have gotten a tshirt!).Im confused though.  The guy seemed like a total douche...but offered us free cups as we left for the Cheeseburger: Reno location.  Im guessing they had closed down or something and gave the cup for free.  The woman used her charm and asked for another cup, which he smiled and hesitantly said yes to.  Had his simple smile then reflected during his service, we could have had 3 stars.AHH and dont be fooled by their "Cheeseburger" brand ketchup in a squeeze bottle.  Its only Heinz. .
3	My friends and I were looking for places to eat within the PH Westgate and we stumbled here because we were too lazy to walk more to look for more options. When I walked in, I had to walk back out to check the name of the restaurant because the sign said Cheeseburger, but the decor was screaming ISLANDS (Hawaiian-themed burger restaurant chain).Food:1) Ahlili Burger - It's a standard burger with bacon and a fried egg. The bacon was a little overcooked and the patty was on the drier side. I've had better for cheaper. FYI, the burger doesn't come with fries.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ToVZZ921RuOfP_OCu-smzA?select=fTK8zmHJZlxz-KRJ6783Ug2) Seasoned Fries - Awesome fries. They're the kind where it's sorta brown/orange. Pretty big portion, so 2-3 people can share it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ToVZZ921RuOfP_OCu-smzA?select=BBeMBRBxmoysVY9vdbFCaQ3) Chili Cheese Fries - It's chili cheese fries. It wasn't the best one, but it was still pretty good and hit the spot.4) Hamburger Nachos - Large appetizer. Good for sharing.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ToVZZ921RuOfP_OCu-smzA?select=iv3ppkjerLgjQ6qc9D7n0gService:It was hard getting the server's attention. They weren't even that busy. Maybe they were just understaffed.Essentially, it's a bootleg Islands with a more extensive menu.
4	This place has changed a lot since back in the day when Planet Hollywood was still Aladdin. Although I think the food tasted better back then, it's still a great place to get a pretty damn good burger in Vegas. You kind of have to be specific when you order to get your burger just right, but when they get it right, it's gooood. Cheap, good, and a great view of the tourists walking through the hotel.
3	I'm conflicted. The burger was good but was it really? Like I ate it and I remember it being good but there is something about this place that makes me never want to go back. ever. The service was attentive but almost to the point where I was like Go away lady. They push everything on you.. especially there ugly as shit cups. NO I don't want that ugly ass pineapple thing. Also their mixed drinks lacked in alcohol and one of them, something with raspberry was straight up nasty. I almost didnt want to swallow it. I got the plain cheeseburger and it was $9. no fries no drink. You want a basket of fries its $7, and you get a maybe a side of fries in a basket. Soda's are $3... typical of Vegas. Verdict: Would i go back. No. Instead I'll go to Wendy's by the MGM.
1	Out of all the people's lives you walk into, you had to walk into mine.This burger was almost as bad as Bob Big Boys "Burger Boss" food truck. The patty is noticeably bad. Needs flavor. Texture was weird too. Reminded me of those gross store bought frozen cheeseburgers my Mom used to keep in the freezer sometimes when I was younger. I had some trouble finding the yelp page or I would've kept walking right on by this joint.Coming out, the presentation of food was sloppy too. Shredded lettuce strewn all over. Have some pride in the back kitchen people!
2	It's cold here, like anywhere indoors in Vegas.  We came for a late lunch on Labor Day weekend, so it was still a little crowded even around 1pm, a 10-minute wait.  But we got a nice table by the fountains and strip club, so it was pleasing for both parties. :)The food seemed a little 'meh', to put it best.  It was very run-of-the-mill island bar fare.  Basically their take on "Hawaiian" burgers is to put bacon or avocados on everything, with a slice of pineapple on the side.  Last time I checked, that really doesn't have very much to do with the beautiful islands of Hawai'i at all.  Neither does the Buffalo Burger, which we ordered.The burger came out medium rare, which was nice.  Although, my girlfriend did later complain about some stomach pains, which made it a tough day.The prices here are going to be resort prices - you can get better just by walking around in Vegas, and I suggest you do, unless you're absolutely set on eating at the Miracle Mile Shops.
2	I had the Kobe burger n fries... The burger was so dry! I loved the fries though! Glad I tried it, but wouldn't go back.
2	I have eaten here a couple of times. It seemed to have gotten worse. The burgers did not have much flavor to it. It was very bland. Burger comes with a lot of lettuce. If you are looking for a burger in Las.Vegas I would definitely go to Burger Bar over this place.
3	-Spinach and Shrimp salad was BOMB!-Sliders were "meh".-Nachos were pretty good.Service was friendly but super slow.  Overall, it was just ok.  Typical tourist restaurant.  Overpriced, average (or below average) food.
3	came here for a quick lunch--located inside the planet hollywood mall.it has a hawaiian theme to it all...server was nice, just took forever for our food to come out.food was ok...just super slow service!
2	Meh... They're just OK.. I got their pull pork sandwich, wasn't much flavor going on. I had to add in hot sauce to make it taste like something! Service was pretty slow, it wasn't even that busy at all! I had better, that's all I had to say!
2	2 Stars because the restaurant decor was Awsome but unfortunatly we never got to eat here.  We ordered our food and 60 minutes later we still did not have our food.  We had to get up and leave.  I'd like to think that the food would have been good but now I'll never know.
3	Everyone's right, the wait is super long.Had the Kona Mud Pie. Yes, that's right, I went straight to dessert. It was good. Looking around the table at what the others in my group ordered, it looks like they are not stingy with their portions.It's kinda expensive.It's not a bad place to go if you're already in the mall.
4	4.5. Their burger with the fried egg and bacon is so juicy and delicious. 3/4 of us got burgers and the odd man out got the pig sandwhich (pulled pork). She said the burgers were much better. The fries there are great, and the sweet potato fries are pretty standard only crinkle cut. The four meals with four drinks was $60 without tip.
3	I'm surprised at all the dismal ratings for this place, because I thought this place was decent! I'd give them a 3.5 because I thought the cheeseburger we got was really yummy. I'm not sure if it's because I was starving, but it was good! The cheeseburger is pretty big (kind of expensive though, but what do you expect when you eat in Vegas?). The portion for fries is huge and the fries were really yummy - thick and HOT.Everything is Hawaiian themed, which is kind of cute. When we went, around dinner time, there wasn't a wait at all. In fact, there was only a few tables that were full. Service was nice, they came twice to make sure everything was alright without being too in your face about it. I would come back again if I was looking for a chill and not too fancy place to eat and happened to be in the mall at Planet Hollywood!
2	Food was great.  Service was incredibly slow....Way better options in the area.
1	The food took twenty minutes to arrive, and then the sweet potato fries were cold. The ketchup still has the foil inner seal. The bun was barely toasted and the pork was over salty and dry. Just terrible. Will never return.
5	I don't know why this place has such bad reviews but I've been here twice and loved the experience. I was prompted to my seat and my order and drinks were here on a timely matter. My food was well cooked and my server even threw some fries for free. I had the cheeseburger babies and it tasted amazing. Maybe some people have waaaay too high of expectations when it comes to a cheeseburger, fries, and a drink...
1	We were in town for all the events this past weekend. Thought we would eat here at the miracle mile shops; mistake!They seated us in the far corner, we were the only party sitting there. 20 minutes to take our drink order (as our waiter was MIA)  then 20 for our food (the hostess took our drinks), food arrived before drinks, Bugged a food runner for some items we were missing. In all 3 different people helped us out during out 2 our stay here. And they had the NERVE to auto charge for the tips! Heck no! It wasn't busy at all!!!!maybe because we look like a bunch of 20-something party folks they sat us alone in a dining area. too bad because at that point, it didn't take much to make us happy and we would've gladly left a huge tip.Avoid Carlos as your waiter!
3	We tried this burger place for the first time a few years ago after receiving a dinner voucher following a timeshare presentation. We remember the food being really good and have returned each time we were in town. The burgers were always cooked perfectly. My favorite had always been the mahi mahi burger, although the coleslaw has become dry and bland over the years. The service is always friendly although the efficicency is a hit and miss. The last couple times we have found the food quality and portions to have gone down. It is difficult to sell a $10 and up burger without fries and drink to the average person on vacation, especially if the portions and quality are  undeserving. I am sure their business will continue due to being in a good location and having tourists as the main clientele. Good thing they are not starving for return customers. We sadly no longer have this place on our "must visit" list each trip.
2	We had a craving and wound up here. The food was pretty good. I enjoyed my burger. But I did not like that my burger was close to $11 and didn't come with a side or that my $8 mixed drink was mostly juice.
2	While walking the Miracle Mile shops, we spied this place advertising an all you can eat pancake breakfast and another breakfast special.  We decided to try it out in the AM.The food isn't great, maybe a little bland when ordering the normal breakfast special, but hey it was cheap.  The pancakes were good, and very filling, so the "all you can eat" is more of an enticing challenge than something to take advantage of.  The service wasn't spectacular, It may have even been slightly less than adequate.  Getting coffee refills from our server was a little challenging.  She'd stop by and ask if I wanted more coffee, then walk away, and 10 minutes later, stop by without a pot of coffee, and ask if I wanted more coffee... you get the idea.My biggest issue with Cheeseburger is clean eating utensils, or the lack of them.  Both visits started with dirty silverware, with remains of hash browns still in them and wrapped up in the napkin.  Major fail - maybe the dishwasher needs to be checked to see if it's working.
4	Just went here and I loved it! I got the cheeseburger babies, which were 4 lil delicious cheeseburgers with pineapple on the side. They were really good, but I didn't get to try any of the drinks :/ fairly priced for being in vegas too. Should def stop by to check it out
