4	A great burger spot down the street from me. And they are open late night? Amazing! I welcome you, Hamburger Yumi Yum, to my hood, and please make an indefinite appearance. The burgers here are deliciously fresh with a slight char and toasted sesame seed bun. The standard toppings are diced onions, tomatoes, and jalapenos complimented with mayo, mustard, and ketchup. The fries are simple, but quite possibly more enjoyable than the burger. You get a healthy serving and they are crisped and salted to perfection. Not only do they have great food, but the owner Rosario is a great hostess and accommodates her guests.My recommendation is to eat there (despite the delightful landscape of 16th St) or better yet head into the Royale and grab a beer with your burger. Either way this shit is bomb fresh off the grill, get it while it's hot. Fast-food burger spots can suck it, I'm gonna get me a $5 combo at Yumi Yum (minus the high fructose corn syrup)!
5	Very nice people running this show. The yumi yum burger is the best. It's on par with the Sonoran hotdog.
5	I spent some time there last night. They have moved to the NE corner of 12th and Inidian School road, across from the famous(infamous?) Mo Money Pawn, and the campus of LongView Middle School.  The Mrs. half is in perfect command of English(no worries). Hubby does the grunt-work, LOL. She said that their last regular location was at 16th St. and Oak. From what she explained, they ought to be appearing in the evenings other than Thursday and Sunday night.I started out with asking basically why they are different/special. She explained that they use fresh meat, which she seasons herself. Then, she described how their burgers are topped. That is, normally with a pico-de-gallo, jalapeno, and the rest of the standards. I then ordered a typical bacon cheeseburger, which was absolutely delicious. Mind you, I can tolerate sliced raw jalapeno, but there is nothing to fear in the heat department here. In fact, it's so subtle, I had to question her to find out it's basically just minced jalapeno.I had resigned to trying just one for myself, but as with a good Sonoran dog, and a less-than-full stomach....there's no way to get out of there with just one. So, I upped the ante and tried the eponymous Yumi-Yum burger. This adds on sliced, grilled hot-dog, and two different cheeses to the burger. I had them cut it in half, and took home a taste for my 13yo son. He agreed with me that it was absolutely the BOMB. Fries? They got 'em, but I didn't sample. BUT...I did get the details. Whole, fresh, UNpeeled potato, shucked through the cutter(like you see at In -N-Out). No pre-fab stuff for them. Drinks? She flat-out told me that they encourage customers to bring their own. However, she does have a couple of canned Pepsi products on-hand, if you're parched.So you know my 'taste' in burgers, I'm a real fan of Carl's Jr, our own local Lenny's, and the intrepid Lucky Boy at Osborne and 16th St. The Yumi folks absolutely bring something special and unique to the table(pardon the pun) in the realm of burgers. Do not hesitate to try them out when you you're driving by.
4	Seen this little truck rolling round town decided to try it... pretty good. Worth the stop, fair prices.
5	No me imaginaba encontrar un puesto de hamburguesas de la localidad de donde yo soy muy ricas el pan suave planchado en la flat tap un pan mur rico de hamburguesa con ajonjoli me probe una mortal y si que era para morirur rica tantos lugares cerca conocidos para comer hamburguesas yo elijo este ahora uno de mis favoritos atendido por su propietario una buena eleccion para street food aqui en phoenix.Regresare por algunas mas..
