1	One-star reviews are extremely rare for me (this is only my second one), and I don't do so lightly.  I went to this dentist for years when I lived in Charlotte, from 1996 to 2009.  They seemed to be okay, though I had a few issues here and there. Once one dentist left me so long that the numbing for a small cavity filling wore off before he got back. Had to re-inject me and wait again while that one took effect. Another dentist (no longer works here) and the dental hygienist talked in a foreign language for a few seconds while they were working on me...and you know what that means as far as what (who) they were talking about...very uncomfortable... I've been blessed with pretty good teeth -- have only had two cavities that I remember, and those were tiny...one didn't even require numbing, and the other was borderline so I opted for it (the aforementioned absentee dentist).  I also had a couple of "clean and seals" where they grind out a soft spot in your enamel and then seal it to prevent it from becoming a cavity. I've since moved to another city and had to get another dentist here locally. On my first visit it was quickly determined that my new dentist would have to re-do everything that this dentist's office had done.  One of my (tiny -- hello?! this shouldn't have been hard!) cavity fillings had since fallen out, unbeknownst to me, and the seals were both poorly done and were leaking.  One of the seals was so bad that decay had formed under it and was starting to get bad -- nothing the new dentist couldn't clean out and fix up, but -- SHEESH!  My new dentist blasted out both seals, cleaned the decay under the one tooth, and redid the seals properly.  He also replaced the now-missing filling on the tiny cavity.Needless to say, I just dropped $300 (my out-of-pocket after insurance) to have this dentist office's work redone.  Not happy.
4	i've been going here since i moved to Charlotte. The first cleaning here was a bit rough with the girl having a hell of a time with the floss and my 'tight' teeth, but the cleaning battle may have been a result of it being an overdue trip to the dentist after a year and a half hiatus. The second trip was much better and i've been requesting that same cleaning person from then on. i did have some work done here with some fillings and didn't have any problems. The lady at the front desk is probably one of the nicest people (possibly in the world). She will chat with all the folks, nearly to a fault not really concerned with the long line forming, but if being too friendly is a fault, what an unfortunate world. Once inside, the place has a ton of rooms and if i didn't request the same person, i would feel no connection with this place at all. i don't even know if the same dentist checks on me every time or who even did my fillings. Despite the lack of connection, they do a good job at getting you in and out which when going somewhere i don't care to be is the most important thing.
3	The sign out front says "Charlotte Dentistry", so don't drive past it.  Well I've got some mixed feelings about my visit.  On the positive side, the staff here is like, ridiculously friendly and accomodating.  The receptionist on the dental floor has one of those rare pleasant and genuine demeanors that inspire immediate comfort and confidence.  My hygenist was also very sweet, kept me comfortable with her chatting and not too rough with the tools.  I mentioned that I was thinking of going to Charleston soon for a trip and she called over another hygenist who is a frequent visitor, then proceeded to take diligent notes for me while I was in the chair.  The dentist I saw was also for the most part pleasant, but that's where the mixed feelings come in.  See, the hygenist asked at the beginning of my visit if I was "happy with my smile".  I mentioned a couple of things that I might look into fixing and she left it there.  But the dentist went ahead and pointed out some things - not health issues, mind you, I wouldn't have minded that, but sort of little cosmetic things, like a small line I have on one tooth - that left me with a bit of a furrowed brow.  Yeah, I was aware of those things but I'd already talked about the things that I wanted fixed.  Perhaps sales factor into the equation, but if I'm already thinking of getting some work done it seemed a bit unnecessary to point out other, non-health related things.  On the other hand it may have been a "well you might as well get these taken care of too" kind of thing.Not offensive, just brow-furrowing.  Overall I have to recommend the place through.  The rest of the staff were great.  I may update in a couple of months after my orthodontic consult - yikes!
5	Long time patient.  Great staff.  Friendly & Professional.
5	Great dental practice for families..We have been numerous occasions (4 of us), and we are in and out in an hour/hour and half (way better than 4 separate trips). Courteous and thorough.
5	This is probably the best (because it's old too I guess) practice I've been to. (I've been to about 5 different practices.) Not only the front desk staff is extremely friendly, but the hygienists and assistants are also equally nice and take good care of you. Now coming to the dentists, there are about 14 working here and I initially worried about who to pick when scheduling for a procedure, but I've seen 4 of them so far over the last couple of years and they were all very experienced and non-condescending when asked questions. I've had no issues so far with the fillings I've had done here. They also assured me that some of the costly procedures recommended by my previous dentist were unnecessary. It saved me nearly $1700. (And most insurance plans won't cover crowns or inlays.) They really look out for the patient's interest instead of simply making profits for the practice. I think it's becoming a rarity these days given the economy and competition. Here's an article that explains that:http://www.smartmoney.com/plan/health-care/dentists-drill-for-dollars/Oh and BTW, this is probably one of the few places that still do amalgam fillings. Yes, they ARE safe and have a much higher success rate than the new composites. (I've had a bad experience with a composite before, and remember that it requires a very well trained dentist to do it otherwise there will be complications like pressure and cold sensitivity).In short., you can't go wrong with this practice!
2	I moved to Charlotte from out of state in 2011. I needed to find a good dentist so I started to research and google reviews of local dental offices. Charlotte Dentistry stood out. They had fantastic reviews for the most part so I decided to try them. I had a superb dentist for 20+ years that every dentist since has commented on his superior work. I have lived in many states and subsequently tried my share of dentists so I believe I know a good dentist and dental practice and this place isn't it. The dentist was rude. He was abrasive too. They charged me huge sums for minor work and billed my insurance in a way as to charge me the patient the most money. I've worked in insurance billing and they could have run it differently but asking them to was like pulling teeth. The minute they felt I was unhappy about dropping $1500 out of pocket on a couple cavities (2) they were even nastier. I also took my son (he was 6) there and what a joke! The dentist checked him and said, "oh good job brushing", blah, blah. I asked if he had any cavities and she said ONE! I was happy. We left and I called back a week later to schedule his filling and the lady says he has 4 cavities! I said no he has one. She insisted the chart said 4. I was upset but figured somehow the dentist misunderstood me so I let it go. I then took my son to a pediatric dentist as Charlotte Dentistry (after telling me they treat cavities in kids) said they couldn't treat him. All the work was finished at the pediatric dentist. I take my son back to CD for his next 6 month exam (long story but my insurance only covers one pediatric dentist and he's in Newton so we can't go just for exams). I give CD another shot. This time after the dentist checks him he again doesn't state if he has cavities. So I have to ask again. I clearly ask if my child has cavities and he says NO. I keep asking to make sure there can be no misunderstanding. He keeps saying no. I ask him to call my pediatric dentist in the future to coordinate care. He agrees. 2 weeks later he calls me and says he talked to my PD and my son has 2 cavities! I called my PD and they are shocked and say they never said that and my son has no cavities according to their charts. I call CD back and pretty much go off. Please don't go there. My son had no cavities, these people are clueless and they can't ever be straight with you. Plus they charged $700 more (almost double) for the work I needed. Very overpriced for mediocre to bad dentistry. Also for any of you moving to Charlotte be aware that dental care costs about  20% more above the national average. I was really surprised at how costly dental work is here compared to all the other places I've lived including large metropolitan cities.
3	Do not get this place mixed up with Dr. Perry Sowell's dentist office.  For some reason (maybe proximity) this "Charlotte dentistry" popped up when I clicked on Perry Sowell. He is NOT affiliated with Charlotte Dentistry.  I do not know anything about Charlotte dentistry, but Dr. Perry Sowell is AWESOME!  I have to give some stars to post this, so I'll be fair and give three.
4	I am petrified of dentists. I haven't been in while due to lack of insurance as well of being so scared.I decided to try Charlotte Dentistry out and it's fantastic. I made sure to let them know how fearful i am, and Jodie was rubbing my arm and explaining everything to me. We have a long road ahead with treatment. I went in for a consultation today and Jodie came to find me, saw we had some good news and hugged me. They are so kind and really really care. I'm never going anywhere else.
