3	Of the two Pump it ups in the area this is the better maintained really need to address some maintenance issue at both locations holes in the slides and such. Up front the pricing seems a little stiff but they have open bounce for the kids on weekdays for 7 dollars. If you wait until the week of the event you can book a party for 25 kids for an hour and a half for 99 dollars. The trick is though you have to wait until the week of and be willing to take whatever time they have. With both locations to use we have never had a problem. I would highly recommend not buying into the party plan with food and drink from them, the pizza and salad are just baaaad! The best is to book early morning and then after the kids have bounced their hearts out take them back to your house and feed them all the cake they can hold. Be prepared for them to take a nice long nap after all this. P.S. pump it up is great for adults too! P.P.S make sure everyone is wearing socks it's a rule.
4	Pump It Up is a kid's play area located in a non-descript industrial park off of Sunset Rd, close to Dean Martin Dr. It's basically a warehouse with different rooms filled with giant inflatable slides, obstacle courses, and moon-bounes.My kid's friend had his birthday party here. About a dozen highly energetic kids (2-4 years old) were running around like crazy going up and down the slides and bouncing around. They first start you off with a  safety video then take you to the first room for 30 minutes or so. The room has a moon bounce, obstacle course that leads to a slide, and a basketball hoop.After that they take you to the second room for more of the same for another 30-60 minutes. That room has 2 different moon bounces and another slide. All the kids (and most of the adults) had a blast sliding and jumping around. Nothing beats the joy of seeing your two year old light up as he learns he can handle going down the slide all by himself and the screams of happiness he lets out as he flies down, gets up, and runs back up for another turn. When that's over they take you to the party room where they had tables set up for all the kids to eat with plates already set up with pizza, a juice box, cookies and grapes. No, the pizza isn't the greatest, but the kids didn't seem to care.The staff, while friendly, didn't seem overly enthusiastic about being there. But, if you have to deal with rambunctious kids all day long I guess you can't blame them. The facility could use some touch ups. It felt and looked a little dingy with obvious wear and tear on the carpets, floors, and equipment. But, while it isn't the cleanest place around, it's still a fun place to take kids of all ages. I would highly recommend it for birthday parties if you have young kids.
3	This place is pretty nice - perfect for toddlers... They had 3big bouncers in the main bounce room and  3 bouncers in the second room... Its a nice place to have a toddler party...  Nothing that great to report about it
4	This is an amazing place to wear out your kids before their nap...hence giving you more time to get stuff done. It consists of 2 huge warehouse spaces filled with bounce houses. What more could a kid (or mommy for that matter) ask for? Its super cheap ($7 per child and adults are free) and you can take your munchkins from 9:30am-12:30pm for open bounce time. I believe they have open bounce sometimes in the afternoon but i'm not quite sure when. Just make sure you bring socks for all involved, a sweater, and a giant cup of coffee (its bloody cold in there...that's why they are getting 4 stars instead of 5....I hate being cold). For the ladies...I also recommend that you wear some sort of sweats or yoga pants because its hard to navigate the bounce houses in jeans. I truly don't know who has more fun...myself or my monkeys.
3	Been to this place for bday parties and although many prefer such a place to celebrate a birthday, I am not one of those people. It smells and the people who work here aren't the friendliest. I only gave it 3 stars because it's quite entertaining for kids.
2	I've been to 2 birthday parties here and this past time I could barely stand the smell. It was a mildew smell reminiscent of bath towels left in the washing machine for too long. The whole place wreaked of it. The staff seemed friendly enough. The A/C needed to be turned on because everyone was sweating, not just the kids bouncing around. I would recommend jump for fun or skymania over this any day.
4	We had so much fun taking the kids here. The charge is only $7 for 2 and a half hours. The kids get wore out because they have to go through an obstacle course to get to the slide, or they have to climb for ever to go down the slide. The younger kids may not want to go down the slide alone. It took a while for our 3 year old to warm up to it. I had to go down with him a couple of times, but it was a good work out for me too. The place is full of kids. It did get a little crowded, but it was still worth it. You definitely will need socks.
5	Great place for kids and adults. We just had our son's birthday party here and it was fantastic! The staff is super friendly and extremely accomodating. The staff took care of everything: setup, cleanup, cake cutting and serving, loading gifts, etc. If you're looking for a fun place to take the kids for an hour or for a great party venue, definitely check out Pump It Up.
5	Came here for a birthday party!They were open past the posted hours (I'm thinking they just didn't update them).When we arrived, the birthday mother greeted everyone in the front parlor, all the presents were offloaded into a rolling cart which was then taken to the party room, and shortly after all the kids arrived, they were to watch a safety video on how to play properly/safely on the equipment.The kids went into one big room with a big slide, a small slide, and obstacle course, and a blow up game where you throw balls-I read on the flyer that the parents are allowed to play too, but in this party, the parents all sat on the benches and took pics/ watched the coats+ waters. They played in there for a little over 20 min,then went to the next room.The next room had a slide, a bounce house with big boxing gloves, and this awesome inflatable game the kids go into, grab a tail, and try to run up it (its at an upward angle) then try to pin it as high as they can (with velcro). This room was about another 20+ minutes.An attendent guides you from room to room, and lastly we went to the party room. The birthday boy got to sit in a big chair with an inflatable crown,where he got to eat and take pics. The parents provided the food, drink, and cake, and there wasn't enough time for presents while they were all in the room, so he took him home.So thats what to expect if you go here with a party...now...they also offer drop in play time,where a child can only be present with an adult (they aren't a babysitting service!) And like I said before, I was to understand that parents can play too. As of lately, it is pay once for unlimited play. I imagine as it gets more popular, it may be pay by the hour. I was looking at the flyer and it was something like $7 for one parent, and one kid with them would be free. Verify that before you go. Prices were right though when I checked it out. Would definitely take the munchkin as a reward for good grades or whatever.They are next to town square, on Sunset. Also, you can only get there by traveling west on Sunset and as soon as you get off the overpass, its al immediate right. If you miss it, you'll have to go east, back over the overpass, hang a U then try it again. Its a little maddening, but whatever, we got there.
4	We have gone to a few Birthday parties here.  I think it's a great concept.  We arrived and the kids and parents gathered in the front room.  They go over the rules and then we are all carted to the first room.  There are 3 rooms for the kids to go crazy in.  the last room is the room where we all eat and sing happy birthday.  I am writing this review as a guest so I'm unsure any exact cost involved in the packages.  Overall it was great experience.  The staff does a great job of keeping an eye on everything.  My daughter is still a little too small for some of the bounce slides but she still had a blast. They also seem to keep the whole place pretty clean for have so many kids in and out.  I also slid down a few times on the slide with kids.
5	This place was awesome for my two year old triplets!
3	Recently had my nephews 6th bday party at pump it up.  Everyone had a blast however felt like we were rushed from room to room then rushed to eat... Staff was very nice nd friendly....
4	Went to a party here and now I take my son here like once a week! The pop n play is $7 bucks and adults r free n u can play with the kids also! Just wear socks. And the rooms are huge and spacious and they have plenty of water fountains to keep u n the kids hydrated :) the staff is great! Make sure u keep all eyes on your kid cus it gets hectic there n some kids arnt too nice... over all this place is the place to be in the summer or winter when u can't go to the park :)
4	All my mommy friends have been talking about Pump It Up for quite awhile, so we had to check out what the hype was about. It took me awhile to visit because we had gone to Bounce U about a year ago and it was miserable. It was packed (they had a party, during open play. Stupid, or cheap? One of the two!), the AC was on too low so everybody was sweaty, the open bounce was 1.5 hrs I believe and my kids were asking to go after 45 minutes. I was like "oh heck nawww", since we had to drive all the way to BFE to get there (approx 30 minute drive). So, I forced my children to have fun at Bounce U. When we go to Pump It Up, we're there for all 3 hours of open play and my kids are sad when the person comes on the speakers telling everybody time's up. The AC is set to a fantastic temperature although the music can sometimes make me feel like I'm at da club (really really loud house music). The teens who walk around supervising are nice and carry bandaids for injuries. The price can't be beat. It's cheaper than every other indoor play place I can think of that doesn't suck. I also just learned about some program where they watch your kids for 3 hours for $20. They let them run around all crazy and then feed them lunch. The kids have to be 5+. Sounds like a pretty good deal. Downsides: Unlike some other indoor play places that are open all day, there is a schedule for open play. Check their website for the days & times. There was once a huge group of people who showed up at open bounce (10 adults, maybe 3 kids), and the adults kept telling my kids not to go into the obstacle course because they were too busy racing!! Super ghetto, and probably a favorite place for them since all those grown ups are free and they only had to pay for the 3 kids! One of them was wearing booty shorts that already had her oversized bum hanging out the bottom, and then was climbing through the obstacle course bent over, AT A KIDS PLAY PLACE!!?!?!?!? Perhaps a dress code for teens & adults should be enforced, something to the degree of... No buttcheeks & wear socks! Thanks.Last downside, this place was hard for me to find! I had it up on my Maps GPS, but Maps told me it was on the left side! I should have known it was going to be wrong when my son (5) warned me about how much Maps has been failing recently, but I didn't want to believe it. It is on the right side when you're heading West from Las Vegas Blvd on Sunset, and you have to cut off the random car lane on the right to get in here. Watch out for cars!
4	First, sign up for their email updates.  This is how I found out about their Black Friday deal.  For $20 per child, you could drop off your children from 8 am to 1 pm.  They provided breakfast and lunch.  Kids had to be 5 or older.  We have gone there before for birthday parties and a groupon free jump.  This was the first time that we did the drop off.My kids were talking about it all week leading up to the day.  Then my son was upset that I was still in bed at 8 am and he was not there.  Since I didn't get them there until 9, he told me that I was not allowed to pick them up before 1 pm.  The staff was great at drop off.  They had some cereal when they got there.  Then they had one or two pieces of pizza for lunch.  They were allowed to drink as lunch as they wanted.  They also did arts & crafts.      They were covered in sweat, had a great time, and want to return as soon as possible.  What more can you ask for?
4	Love this place! Its sad, but I think I love this place more than my son does. HOW can you not love this place though? They have a vertical velcro jumper wall, a boxing arena with oversized boxing gloves, 2 huge slides, an obstacle course, and a basketball bounce house. This place brings out the child in everybody! If you're strong enough to withhold from climbing into a bounce house, then you have more will power than me. Its $7 per child, and adults are FREE!!! Isn't it incredible?!The only critique I have is that sometimes they have floor associates that are supposed to be keeping an eye on the bouncy house's to make sure all the kids have their shoes on, no ones being hurt, etc.. But they aren't always doing their job. They will disappear for a bit and when they return you will have to tell them what to "be on the look out for". Other than the sometimes wondering associates, the place is fantastic! Do check it out and have a great time with you children!
5	We love this place! We go for Pop-In Playtime with my 2.5 yr old and he has a blast. it is a good workout too! I take my older kids here as well and they love it! (12 and 9) They also have a punch card buy 4, get 1 visit free!
3	My kids are fans.Me...not so much. I have only come here during birthday parties, and left with a headache both times.  But, my kids did have a blast and conked out on the drive home. The parties that we attended had playtime in 2 different rooms with loud music blasting. (Gosh, I sound old). The first 40 minutes were in the room with the slides, obstacle course,  and bounce houses.  The second 40 minutes were in a room that was in complete darkness,except for the black lights. - more bouncers, slides, and a little area for toddlers. The kids were given glow-in-the-dark necklaces, but once they were running around- I could not tell which kids were mine.  We then went into the party room for pizza and cake.  So glad I carry hand sanitizer everywhere I go. Before the kids can go in, they are required to watch a short safety video. Socks are required since the kids take their shoes off.  And beware: it does smell like feet in there. There are some benches for watching parents, but I prefer the comfy couches at other indoor play areas. (Okay, now I sound really old). I am happy to come for my children's birthday parties, but since it is quite a drive, and I don't like headaches- I doubt I'll be back on my own for open play.
4	The party isnt cheap but it sure is LOTS of fun!! Its easy to book and they run the party for you. The only thing i would say to do is tell people the party starts 30 mins earlier than planned. They start the party right at the time stated so most of my party missed the first room so that was a bummer... Paying $300 to $700 for a party you would hope that all your party could be there. The pizza ia better than Chuck E Cheese but still not that great for $15 a pizza!! Even though im complaining i think its a reall cool set up, but i would not plan another party here!
5	Had my daughter's birthday here and went smoothly. A little expensive but worth it. It's not a place for grown ups so you might get bored. But kids go crazy and love this place. By the end the kids will be tired so that's great for me and my wife.
3	This is a great place for kids to make friends, release energy and get hurt.A room full of excited kids running around screaming and bumping into each other is the best way to start a Saturday.. :)If you've never been this is the breakdown.1. Sign waiver2. Take child's shoes3. Release child into a room full of inflatables and 4. Hope for no major injuriesWith that said I must point out free play and weekend birthday parties are very different.For free play I feel staff pays more attention.For the birthday party I attended it seemed very unorganized. For all birthday parties there is a 2 room experience. You start in 1 room full of inflatables for about 30min, then the push the herd into another room full of inflatables for 30min.After the jumping is over the hand out hand sanitizer wipes and cram you into the eating area.Now here's where it gets crazyThe host (who works for pump it up) tells a gang of 30+ 5-9 yo to take a seat and put on their party hats. After all us parents hustle to get our kids seated with hat on head she then asks the children to get up and gather for a photo..what the..? (If you've ever thrown a party or work with children you can easily visualize the problem with that).So after the confusion and the kids are finally seated again and groaning in hunger the host has disappeared. So us parents (which was a lot..1-2 parents per child..yikes) got up and did her job. We served the pizza and poured the drinks. She did return in time to do refills and cake but geesh when your paying over 300 for a 2 hr slot there's needs to be better service.In the end kids had fun and parents were ready for a nap.I like free play here better. Just an FYI it's cheaper to have party at park or home and rent your own bounce house.
4	Visiting from Los Angeles, and wanted to let our kids have some fun (away from the usual casino arcades).  Checked online at reviews of different jump houses in the area, and decided to go with this national chain.  I was not disappointed.  We went on a Monday, so maybe it's a little less crowded, and found that the place is clean, not chaotic and offered plenty of options for our 8 year old, 5 yr old, and 2 yr old to spend their 3 hours away.  It's $7/child (free for under 2 yr old) and that gives you access to their 2 rooms for up to 3 hours.  Call before you go, because they don't always offer free time.  I would recommend!  My kids all napped afterwards...which was great for us parents!
4	always a fantastic place to take the kids. The weather here gets hot fairly quick and when you want your little ones to get exercise,this is the best way. they have inflatable slides and bouncers as well as athletic inflatables too. i would recommend this place as a 4.5 if i could but sometimes its hard to find an employee that doesnt seem completely drained...
3	Bring your own chair if busy. Free wi-fi?? Neon room was cool but a little too dark. The place is hard to get to because of the one way access. Had to drive against traffic.
5	What a great place for kids ! Jumpers and jumper slides , air hockey tables, each room is different and fun. All the kids had fun with the laser games on the floor...I like how the helpers take pics through out the time were done so parents can relax . The helpers do so much . Even the clean up at the end . Next place for another bday party.
5	We had our son's 7th birthday party at Pump It Up and it was fantastic. The staff was friendly and helpful; they took care of everything so the parents could relax and enjoy the party too! The kids had a blast and the price was great! Highly recommend!!
5	Disclaimer: This review is based on one visit to open play. I have no other experience with this establishment.What to do with a rambunctious 5 year old when visiting Las Vegas? I have to recommend open play for $7 on a Monday morning.
1	My daughter went there for her friends birthday and she came home with a broken leg do this place is dangerous
