3	I took some non asian friends to the fast food counter and they were impressed by the selection.  They were also impressed by the live seafood area in the supermarket.  They are not used to seeing everything alive like that.  For 2 mains and a rice/chowmein, was around $6 each, for 7 of us, came out to around $42, pretty inexpensive after spending a weekend at the Marriot Camelback Inn.Japanese and chinese restaurants in the same shopping center.Place was clean and not smelly for an asian grocery store.
5	Support the Asian Invasion and shop at this place.  Mad mad props to a great Asian market in an area like this.  My family and I always lived in areas where there weren't many Asians around when I was growing up.  We could never find what we needed for our dishes.  Now I live in SF home of all Asian goodness.  This place gives me hope that should I move away from SF that I will be able to find places where little Chinese girls like me can fill my food cravings for dried baby clams, fish balls, sashimi etc.This place is also way cleaner than most markets I've seen.  With very reasonable prices.  Great selection of everything you need from produce, meats, dried, and frozen products.  Also has a deli that I swear could be in the heart of Chinatown.  Love love and love.  I heart asian supermarkets.
5	While visiting the Phoenix area, we checked out their 'Chinatown'. Small as it is, I was surprise to find a 99 Ranch Mkt. Coming from the Bay Area I wasn't at awe with the store; its typical like all other 99 Ranch I've shopped at.It received a 5 star because of its location in the Chinese Cultural Center plaza which is cool to explore.
4	Vegetarian nirvana. After moving to AZ from the SF Bay area, I was so excited to finally find a Ranch99 market. There, I discovered vegan 'frozen shrimp' (made of some sort of root), mushroom 'meat' and other tasty bits. The shitake mushrooms cost less here than anywhere else in AZ from what I can find. Of course there are rice crackers, fun veggies, and lots and lots of tea. Be aware - huge tanks of live animals,there for the chopping. Its a bit disturbing to the non-meat eaters. Avoid the back wall of the store.
5	This delightfully charming grocery is proof that Phoenix is more diverse than it appears at the surface.  99 Ranch Market has inspired me to get off my butt and try something new and daring in the kitchen.  Anyone up to try some of Stevey's experimental egg rolls or sushi?It's not for the faint of heart.  So if seeing chopped-up giant catfish heads and eyeballs or hundreds of huge fish swimming in a tank makes you queasy, 99 Ranch Market may not be for you.  But if you don't mind feeling like the only non-Asian within 300 yards in hopes of scoring some ingredients (meats, breads, pastries, green tea ice cream, veggies, fresh seafood, rice and noodles) to whip up an incredible feast, by all means run (don't walk) to 99 Ranch Market.
3	It was on a whim that we cruised into Ranch 99 Market. After eating at Matt's Big Breakfast, we were on the 153 going home and decided to take a detour after I admitted that I had never been there.My boyfriend was born in Taiwan and spent part of his youth in Thailand, so he was eager to introduce me to some of his favorite childhood treats. Plus we both agreed that it would be fun trying to guess what exactly is in a "Bird's Nest Drink," (it's ginseng and gingko enhanced bird spit, apparently) and other poorly translated or exotic offerings. Plus there was the promise of gigantic tanks of live fish and shellfish, including some of the largest clams I have ever seen (seriously, they had necks the size of toddler's arms).I didn't have the intention of doing anything other than browsing, but after a while I had to grab a hand basket because the opportunity for trying something new was too much of a temptation for me to deny. With my guide in tow, I scored all sorts of snack foods, including jackfruit, roasted watermelon seeds (they're just like sunflower seeds, and I'm told that monkeys love them), fresh lychee, curious sounding drinks (chrysanthemum, aloe vera pulp, and grass jelly. couldn't find any birds nest), a variety of soups and marinades. Two full bags of food for 12 dollars. Super sweet.I think my favorite part of the entire trip was peeking in other people's carts, seeing ingredients I've never used before and wondering just what meals would soon be created from them.
4	Very nice to see a Ranch 99 in Phoenix.  The assorted variety of Asian goods is pretty much like every other Ranch 99's I've been to in CA; a little bit smaller than I noticed though (but that's no matter).  This place even has an awesome Taiwanese restaurant!  Comparable to the night market stands in Taiwan! Wonderful wonderful.
4	I'm so glad that there is at least one Asian grocery store in the valley. Unfortunately they seem to have a hard time keeping some of my favorite items in stock, I wonder if this is a result of some of the import restrictions/delays that have been a result of the recent quality issues with food and toys imported from China.I'm half Chinese and spent much of my youth being dragged around Chinatown near L.A. by my grandmother and 6 or 7 aunts. So the 99 Ranch Market brings back memories...some fond...some not quite so. But, at any rate, the prices are great and the selection is good and authentic (when it's in stock). The cashiers could use a little dosing from the friendly fairy, however. Then again, I don't remember many friendly cashiers or clerks at any of the stores I frequented as a kid...so I guess it just makes the experience all the more genuine for me.I would recommend going on a weekday, or, if you must go on the weekend, just avoid going around lunchtime. There's a dim sum restaurant in the same shopping center and the parking lot gets pretty jam packed with cars and pedestrians.
4	I don't belong here, that's a given. Immediately when I walk in, I feel like there's a bright, shinning light over my head, as if I'm on stage and it's otherwise pitch black. Translation: I don't belong here. I walk the aisles, admire the plethora of things I've never been seen or heard of. I look at the frozen fish and wonder how in the world to prepare such things. I look at the sake aisle and wish I knew which to pick, which one wouldn't soil my taste buds. Sometimes I'm tempted to pick up their fresh slices of sashimi, but I usually pass. I just can't talk myself into it. I walk by the fresh fish, past the butchers and men with their imploring eyes. I feel uncomfortable under their gaze. I can only imagine what they're thinking. That's when I pretend even harder - pretend that I know what I'm doing, instead of wandering the aisles looking at anything from poxy stix to soy sauce. Then I end up in the meat section, dumbstruck. Gizzards. Tongue. Heart. It's like a lab here, animals dissected to entertain my morbid fascination. I tend to get repulsed when I get to the chicken feet. So, I pass through the produce aisle and stutter near the bakery. Here is where I once picked up the most delicious bread I've ever had. It certainly wasn't healthy, but I don't care. I've since gone back looking for another loaf, but have yet to find it fresh on display. I keep hoping, though, that someday we will be re-united -- myself and that delectable bread - otherwise known as "crack in a bag."  So, if I'm so uncomfortable, why do I even bother? Because I like trying new things, from teas to bread to meat. I just can't seem to pick up the latter, for fear of self-poisoning. Plus, nothing beats cheap bags of edamame here. Other stores want nearly $4 for a bag. Screw that. I've also tried their milk pearl tea here. It's not bad. It's not something I'd get very often, for I can find better concoctions elsewhere. But, for what it's worth, it's not a bad choice if you're in need of quenching your thirst while you peruse the many aisles of Asian wonderments.
4	This place is wonderful and at a great location, the Chinese cultural center. They have great Asian products, great selection and great prices.The products and packaging are beautiful, for the most part.It is the best place to go for fresh seafood (a lot of it is still alive!), the prices are very reasonable. If you are looking for that exact something like frogs legs, rattlesnake, sea cucumber, squid flavored chips or kidney flavored tofu, this is the place to go.The produce selection is great and very inexpensive.The bakery counter has great pastries and other items.It is a great place to just experience.
3	I'm used to Ranch 99 back in Northern California, and this supermarket wasn't anything spectacular. This is a good place if you want seafood! All of the traffic was around that area. The food from the take-out section didn't look too good.The market also has the bakery, peking duck, the flattened 1/2 duck, and roasted chicken. There is also Hong Kong Express to-go food where you can order noodles, dim sum, congee, boba drinks, rice dishes, etc. It's right next to the take-out food. The most interesting part of the supermarket was the selling of Chinese pancakes in front of the store. You can order mini pancakes with either a red bean, coconut, or custard filling. Each pancake is made to order and is $.50 each. I tried both the custard and red bean pancakes and it was pretty good! Cash only payment for the pancakes. You also have to wait awhile for the pancakes since there is a long line.
4	Fan-freakin'-tastic!I have been here many times and it never lets me down.  This place is fantastic for finding ingredients (regular or hard to find) for homemade Asian food.  The prices are much lower than your local supermarket and the selection is out of control.  I went to pick up some sesame oil and some other random items today and I wondered how I would manage to select one out of the 30 or so different brands and varieties they have.  Luckily, I had a friend with me and we managed to logically deduct ourselves into a selection.  The bakery is amazing and everything I've had from there is delicious.  The produce section is vast as is just about every section in the store.  I appreciate that they even have English aisle readings on one side for those of us that can't read characters (Chinese, I think).  Today, the smell was pretty stale-fish-like, but I usually don't find it to be like that.  I have also seen (but not tried) their sushi-grade prepackaged fish cuts.  If I were brave enough to try and make my own sushi (which I am definitely not - let's leave that one to the pros...) I would try it.This place is crazy busy pretty much all of the time and the parking lot is 100 times worse.  Make use of the secret underground parking garage with a 3 hour limit.  It's always empty so wither people don't know about it (until I let the cat out of the bag just now) or they are gluttons for the punishment that is the craziness of the parking lot.It's a great place and even if you don't have anything in particular you need, browse around and take a chance on something with no English on it.  Study the pictures (they are often very helpful) and who knows, you might just find something you love.
3	In a pinch it'll do great! Though the selections are much better, as well as pricing, at LeeLee in Chandler. Though for the location and diversity it'll do just fine.
5	IT'S REOPENED!  I was devastated when a second screen showed "CLOSED," so I called the number and the store has reopened under a new name...they have assured me they have much of the same merchandise.
4	This market is actually NOTclosed it just has been renamed!!! You can find further reviews under Super L Ranch Market. Was surprised when I saw the closed info here on Yelp so I drove to Lee Lee's in Chandler instead to get my stuff. Yesterday I drove along the 202 and voila saw Super L Ranch (former 99 Ranch) to be open! Went there and got a couple of great items. Very glad to see they are NOT closed!
4	They are open!  9-9 everyday just changed the name to "Super L Ranch Market" Best place in town to get all your luau needs..
5	Greetings,This grocery store is now called Super L Ranch Market.  We are an individual Asian market that will meet your everyday need.  We are still in the same neighborhood with the same address and phone number.Super L Ranch Market668 N. 44th St., Ste. 188Phoenix, AZ  85008602-225-2288 Tel602-225-5693 FaxSuperLRanchMarket@gmail.comCome visit us soon, we can't wait to see you again.  Have a great day!
5	This location is NOT CLOSED.   I went to this store on 07-13-2014 and it was very open.  Yelp should be more responsible about saying businesses are closed when they are not!!!
