5	nicole is excellent, as a therapist myself i wouldnt have anyone else do my waxing now! salon is clean and nicely decorated, loyalty card system is fantastic too!
4	I have been a customer of The Wax Bar now for a few years. It used to be located on George Street, in the premises of Toni & Guy Hairdressing Salon. Last year they moved to a new location on Rose Street.This is a great place to go for a wax. They offer precision hot and strip waxing, tanning, makeup, eyelash tint etc. and there is also a nailbar available.Waxing can be painful, but The Wax Bar makes the whole experience a lot more comfortable. The staff are very friendly and professional.
5	Waxing your lady bits can be uber painful and awkward. But not here. Nah ah. My beauty therapist was Emma and I can honestly say I only squirmed or felt pain for a few seconds. Emma was very personable and made me feel comfortable. We chatted about lunch and various places to eat around town. I asked her how many people she has probably waxed in her seven year career - about 2000! That's experience! Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic! Couldn't agree more with Shona, Emma puts you at ease from the word go and makes the whole experience as pain free as is possible! Looking forward to coming back for my pre-holiday de-fuzz and nails! Highly recommend :)
1	After waiting twenty minutes I found out that, even though the website states they offer eyebrow threading, it turns out that they don't.It is not of interest to a client that the person who used to offer the service was self-employed.  It is not of interest to the client that the employee she is speaking to  thinks waxing is better.  It is certainly not of interest to the client that they think she is to blame for the mistake.If you claim to offer a service and you don't, you are lying.  If you make a client wait and then speak to her in a patronising way, you will lose business.I can't get my morning back , but if you're looking for a salon, you can save yourself the trouble.  Besides, there is no signage to tell you you're in the right place, and Google Maps directs you to the wrong place altogether.
