5	Serendipity is having an appointment at my nearby optometrist and discovering that the new Rice Trax location is open! I'm a huge fan of Rice Trax, so I couldn't pass it up.The food is just as good as I remember. I ordered the Mochiko Bento. Obviously, it comes with Mochiko Chicken and adds two Teriyaki Beef skewers, two Chicken Katsu skewers, and a couple of Shrimp Tempura. This is all served on a bed of rice with some salad on the side. It's always too much food and I had enough willpower this time to only eat about half of the bento.No longer tucked at the back of an obscure shopping complex, the new location is much easier to find. It's right by DQ on the southwest corner of Rainbow and Robindale. The interior is bright and welcoming. The employees are friendly.This is all great news.
1	We were extremely excited to find out that Rice Trax was finally re-opening after many months of waiting. However, when we ordered out favorite bentos, we were GREATLY disappointed. Gone were the chicken katsu on the stick...gone were the teriyaki steak on the stick...gone were the large shrimp tempura. Rice Trax's portions SHRANK. It wasn't enjoyable anymore. I miss the ambiance of the smaller restaurant. It was more inviting and felt like a mom and pop store. Rice Trax has lost it's uniqueness. Rice Trax has turned into every other local Hawaiian place like L&L, Ohana Hawaiian BBQ and Island Sushi. I don't think we'll return any time soon. SO DISAPPOINTED!!!
5	The Mochiko chicken is some of the best I've ever had. Very friendly staff. Love the rice, made to order on the spot! Very easy to find. Great location. Food gets out quick. You'll spend a out $20 for two people.....totally worth every penny.
3	I was disappointed with Rice Trax. We went last week after waiting for it to finally open. The fried rice was way too oily and I couldn't even eat it. My beef was very dry. The macaroni salad is very good though. We ordered the tempera and it was $150 for 3 coin size prices of carrots. It was not absolutely horrible but I wouldn't rush to go back.
2	I've been waiting for the new location to open, so i could finally try it.  I was too lazy to drive to Jones. LOL!  I didn't really enjoy it.  My fried rice was extremely oily and the rice was hard and undercooked.  Great idea with the salad bar to choose what you want in the fried rice, but bad execution.  Maybe I'll give it another try in a month or two.
4	Didn't know what we wanted for dinner, came across this so we gave it a chance. The food was delicious, one of the best easy fast foodish teriyaki place I've had...will def come back again!
4	New to my side of town. The fried rice is cooked to order with your choice three ingredients.They have two main dishes that cover just about every meat they serve including seafood. The chicken catsu and chicken mochokino (Hawaii popcorn chicken) is what I had this time. Food was great. Service was fast. Brand new building .And I will be back again!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Space is inefficient and somewhat poorly designed (lots of room but limited seating). Chicken katsu is on a stick. The funny & friendly manager is not behind the counter anymore.LIKE  The mochiko chicken. The actual chicken katsu. The sin city shrimp appetizer. The furikake shrimp. The different sauces offered.LOVE  The combo bentos/boxes. The fried rice bar. The portion sizes.
3	Food was really good .... New building kinda no good ....U pay extra for everything ....Miss the old restaurant on jones ....
4	What a yummy find!You can create your own bento or choose from their pre-made choices. I opted for Mochiko Bento & the bf chose Furikake Bento. Let me start off by saying, oh my goodness, the portions are ridiculous! They are so generous! No, really. Like I could share a bento with someone and we would both still be super full. Anyway, you can choose white, brown or fried rice. Fried rice has an upcharge of like $1.25 or something. Kinda pricey, I know, but I wanted to try it. They ask what veggies  & I just chose peas, carrots and corn.  It was tasty. Not the best fried rice but I liked it. It needed more flavor though. Like somekindof seasoning. Maybe garlic salt? I like egg on my fried rice too so that's another negative thing.Mochiko chicken was more on the salty side & I usually have mochiko more on the sweet side. I liked the chicken katsu on the stick. Dipped it in the Teri sauce and sweet chili and aioli sauces (all free btw, just ask); they were all good condiments! Teriyaki steak was tender and not chewy. Boyfriend loved his bento too. He finished all his shrimp and Mac salad! I did not even touch the house salad. I just wasn't a fan of it at all.All in all, portions were definitely very generous, food was tasty but watch out, price can rack up if you add extra things.
3	Food is great and price is great as well, but service is super slow.  Took almost 20 minutes to pay for a to go order. Staff is friendly & the place is clean. Location is really easy to find and great since I live less than a few minutes away.
3	Trying to give RiceTrax a fair shot but 3 of the 5 times I've been to their new location they've run out of pork for their fried rice. Never really ran into that problem at their old location so maybe they're adjusting to the new location/demand and running out??  I won't be back for a while, probably call to ask if they've run out of pork before I do. Seems like a weird thing to have to do at a place known for their fried rice.I've brought friends and family here, kinda sad its not the same.
3	Two Words = Fried Rice.1 star = That's right, you get to make your own and the way you like it. You get to pick what goes in, what kind of sauce to use, and it is made to order! Awesome idea, but they should put out some recipe ideas on the wall or something because it certainly slows down service as there is ALWAYS a line here. Folks can't make up their mind on what goes in their rice!  Maybe another register would work out better?2 stars = Bento Boxes; I like that they come with so many items. It's like a mini buffet! I like their Mochicko Chicken and Furikake Shrimp sides.3 stars = Fast food Asian food; gotta have one in the neighborhood. Great go to place for quick dinner for the family.Lacks 4 stars because of the smell of Simple Green or whatever cleaning product they use every time I go in. Kind of ruins your appetite!Lacks 5 stars because of the wait. Never had this problem when they were on Jones.
4	Bento Action! Talk about going local style language! I am always looking too find more local style food in the ever expanding nine island market. Found another good one! It little different concept then your traditional plate lunch action with two scoops rice, mac salad, and protein. Yet if you look at the menu notice all the staple local food from katsu, teriyaki chicken or beef, curry, mochiko chicken, and more. Then notice they have few Favorites combinations choose from with all kinds of mix plate goodness. The word Bento brings back all the things I miss about the islands but more so the local food. RIce Trax Teriyaki Grill does a wonderful job of bringing me back for the islands. The differences is the choices of sides not sure if works the same for the Favorites part of the menu. I choose too do the Trax Box (The Boxes) you get too pick two items from list of 14 items. They also offer three item that called words too my heart "Bento Box". I went with both teriyaki beef and teriyaki chicken. The sides they have whole list just for that part of the menu. I keep reading reviews for the kimchi fried rice. I was all over it. Not often find local place that can get kimchi fried rice instead of white or brown rice. Not sure if for all items since was my first time but looking around think all the proteins comes on skewers. Another differences that stood out for me. It might make it easier or harder depended on you. Me say fan because like fact that gives the beef and chicken nice grill char mark on the outside. You really taste the teriyaki marinade all the way from the outside and in. Yet both meat nice moist and cooked perfect. The kimchi fried rice was "Da Bomb". I could have ordered just bowl of it and be completely content in life. They added diced zucchini and other vegetables make it ever more hearty fried rice. If want leave those things out. The prices are very very reasonable most of the combinations all under ten dollars. It all made fresh too order.The service was excellent. On the way out taking my leftovers and refilling my drink for the road One of the workers notice that could use plastic bag and ask if wanted one. I was fine either way. Just the fact she notice but taking the time too actually help out put it in the bag rather then here a bag. Classy touch.The decor is interesting because it had really high ceilings for such small place and just one artwork.  Bold colors orange sure if looking for place too brighten ones day this is it! If need visual comes too the menu they have few of them look at. The outside sign could be bigger.. I passed it once since was my first time. I enjoyed my experience and definitely plan on coming back.
4	I've been here once and really liked it! I ordered some shrimp and was pleasantly surprised at the generous portion. The white rice with the seasoning sprinkled on top has me craving to return! I like the choices of rice and veggies, a breath of fresh air from normal island style grills. My husband maintains that this is a better place for lunch than dinner, but I beg to differ!
4	nice place for quick bento. I like their Furikake Shrimp and fried rice. the taste is good and service is good too, but the only one problem is wait too long sometimes..but overall I really enjoy it.
1	Really wanted to give this place a try because my husband wanted to go for weeks now. The food looked good, smelled good but the service was too damn slow. The idea of mixing and matching is really the only excuse to give this place one star(besides the fact 0 isn't an option lol)From the time it took me to place my order and then to check on it, my lunch break was already over. And the food wasn't even ready for take out. Thankfully they gave me a full refund, but there's no need to take 25 minutes for one order. It must be good if the girl at el pollo loco told me to try it. She told me to call ahead to save myself the wait. Hopefully we can try this out again in a few months!
4	I miss when this place was located on Jones and the wait wasn't that long.  One star taken off because of how ridiculously long it took for our two 3 item bento boxes to be ready.  It would have been 1 1/2 stars but I am not offered that option lol.  From ordering to finish, it was 45 minutes.  Granted, it was a busy dinner hour.  It just sucks when you are hungry and waiting.....I always have kimChi in my fried rice, always.  At this new location, it seems like the fried rice got sweeter.  I'm not fond of too much sweet teriyaki-ish flavor, especially in my rice.  The garlic chicken is the bomb and my favorite here.Next time, we'll just order before we get there.
3	Finally this place is open again! I missed them when their Jones location closed down.First, I have to say, they have some of the best macaroni salad I've ever had, ever, anywhere, period. It tastes extra delicious with a dash of siriacha sauce. I could order a side and finish it all to myself. Their kimchi fried rice is my favorite. At their new location, they don't list all the different types of rice anymore, so if you don't see it listed, definitely ask for it anyway.All their meats are crispy and come in large portions. Perfectly cooked, tender, and tasty. Overall, it's a great place to catch a quick bite that is 100% better than the average fast food. Oh, but come during a less busy hour, because food here always takes awhile to get to you.
4	I've always been a big fan of Rice Trax but almost forgot about going there because of where they were previously located. I'm excited that they moved, a block closer to me and a lot easier to get to for everyone else. I'm loving the new digs a lot more, near businesses like Oyshi and Soyo on Rainbow and Robindale.Vegas has a few decent bento places but nothing else really like Rice Trax. They raised their prices about $0.50 more from what I remembered. The bentos are now about $10 with big portions and lots of taste. My favorite is the Furikake Bento probably because it came with furikake shrimp, pieces of golden fried shrimp with furikake a mixture of sesame seeds and seaweed.  It also comes with their house salad which is their tastiest item, teriyaki beef and chicken, rice, and a delicious dipping sauce.Most recently, basically today, I had the Mochiko Bento.  It came with mochiko chicken, its a lot like popcorn chicken but using mochiko flour, kind of oily and gummy I didn't like it a lot. It also came with large pieces of chicken katsu, a couple pieces of shrimp tempura, skewered teriyaki beef, rice, and more of that tasty house salad. It was a lot of fried oily food but good tasting food.You can also create your own 3 items and 2 items bentos from any of the items they have listed and create your own fried rice by choosing items from their fried rice bar.Their food look good and taste good but watch out for their wooden skewers in some of their items, they don't taste so well.
5	The food was so Ono!  Aloha style service!! We'll be visiting again on our next run to Vegas.
4	Not the healthiest food but who cares!I've been living in the vicinity for years and finally got my butt to Rice Trax.I was disappointed in the girl that waited on me (I think she may have been new). There was no line so I let her know it was my first time in and was a bit overwhelmed with the menu. She didn't bat an eye or offer any advice, so I chose to build my own bento with Chicken Katsu (on a stick), Shrimp Tempura, and Shrimp Furikake. I had no idea what Furikake was and I asked the girl, her response was, "it has seasoning on it, it's good". Not very helpful, I verified that it wasn't spicy and put in my order. I noticed after the fact they have Mac salad, so I ordered a side. I now know you can substitute it in place for their salad for an up charge. (No thanks to counter girl).  She never mentioned I could get fried rice or did I want any certain sauces. I know for next time though. Who I am guessing was the manager was very nice and efficient, I wish she would've waited on me! I got my food quickly. I liked all of my food. There was one sauce they gave me, I didn't care for. The portion of rice was huge!  Price is maybe a tad high but it was fresh, not greasy, and tasty. I will definitely go back, an probably soon!
4	New location seems to be the same as the old location in terms of quality of food. Menu is a bit confusing if you're trying to make your own, but I always get the mochiko bento with kimchee fried rice so that's quite easy to order.
3	The food is good but the second time I went there with my child the line was not moving at all.  I could see it taking considerable time to get my order so I  left.  They need to figure out a way to speed things up.  There were other people with kids behind us, who were also getting ancy.  It was about 10 minutes with one person and there were 5 or  6 people in line just waiting to place the order.
4	Very good food!! I stumbled into this place when it was on jones and completely loved it! I waited for them to open at their new location and when they did, well it was worth the wait! Great looking place and their food is still really really good! Love the garlic chicken and the kimchi fried rice!!
4	WHO KILLED THE CHICKENOur first visit and we ordered "The Favorites"  Furikake and Mochiko style.  Everything is served in takeout styrofoam boxes with white plastic utensils.  Like everyone had previously pointed out,  the delivery of the food is "don't tell me you're in a hurry" cause it won't matter. Sit down and check out the high ceilings and chill braddah and sistas.Now let's move up the pace and talk chicken. Teriyaki cubes were missing the teri sauce. Katsu chicken same story... no flavor and wishing I had ordered McNuggets.As for the rest of my two pound box... I can dig it.  Beef teri was beef jerky tasting yummy. Shrimp more than stretched my imagination.  Mochiko chicken was succulent and tastefully seasoned. Mac salad was to my liking. In fact the next time, I'd make my own bento box with those three choices. If you're a rice eater, this place makes it real fresh and good. Wish I could substitute the rice for more salad.BTW... invest in a bigger trash container or get one that compacts all your diners' styrofoam. I witnessed multiple complaints of trash container being too full.
3	Unfortunately not as Good as when they were on Jones...their mochiko chix was cold...garlic chix was hard to bite into...their Mac salad had no taste but black pepper...BUT their customer service was Good. Sorry guys.
5	Mochiko chicken and chicken katsu is the best. Love that I can make brown rice, fried rice.
4	I didn't have a personal affinity for their previous location, but my fiance did, and he really doesn't like this new location at all and thinks its lost a bit of it's charm as a mom and pop place. I, for one, love this location because 1) it allowed Tonkatsu Kiyoshi to move in to it's old spot 2) there's a lot more space and seating for when you're waiting on your order. For the first few weeks of the grand opening, I think they were still getting adjusted to the new location and orders were overwhelming them. However, I think now they have adjusted and are able to serve customers quickly again. I'm a big fan of their House Fried Rice, with added egg and corn. I usually order 3 items, which I never finish, but I figured this place is all about the reliable leftovers. For the sake of my health, I don't frequent this place too much, but it's a nice place to go to when I feel the world is just a little bit too stressful and I just want some Hawaiian comfort food. I'm not sure if they've done so already, but I think it would help if they took orders on an electronic system, versus writing every thing down by hand. I really would recommend taking a to-go menu and calling ahead if you are in a rush though, make sure to get a side of the mac salad!
5	The prices of the food here can be considered a bit pricy; however the portion size of their food is very well worth it. The food was presented in a very organized and appealing matter whether it was take out or eat in. This place has become one of my favorites for sure, especially the sauces and their house salad and maccaroni salad. Come here if your in the mood for an asian flavor somewhat similar to Hawaiian BBQ or L&L Hawaii  BBQ
5	Amazing local kine grinds. And super big good portions!! Love the new look. Really inviting and open and bright because of the windows. Love that you're able to make your own kine fried rice!! Get your fried rice with Kim chee...winnahs!!
3	Got the mochiko bento with fried rice, first thought was prices are kinda high but then you see the portion size and understand, one bento is enough to feed a small family! As far as the food goes it's pretty basic in flavors nothing really is going to wow you, shrimp tempura was pretty soggy and over battered, chicken was a bit dry. I wasn't expecting much out of this place just a quick place to grab something to eat. The house fried rice though... O..M...G... Disgusting, the amount of garlic and salt is way over kill that is the only flavor going on inside, I can't believe I payed extra to be tortured with this horrid rice I can't even stomach. It gets three stars because of the friendly service I got, but if I'm hungry I think I'll pass this place up.
2	Asian fast food and lots of it. It was intresting, just not something I want or crave. The kids love it, its fast and convenient. No frills, nothing memorable,  it is what it is.
4	Came here last night with my boyfriend to get some food before we headed home. We felt bad that we came right before closing, but I don't regret it just because of the fact that the food was great! We got the mochiko chicken plate to-go that had mochiko chicken, shrimp tempura, chicken katsu, house salad, beef skewers, and rice topped with furikake. Everything was so good and I couldn't find one wrong thing about the box of food. I'm very surprised and impressed that this restaurant uses furikake and mochiko considering the fact that most restaurants don't include those ingredients in their food. Overall, this place has amazing food. It would be better if their plates were a dollar cheaper but I'm fine with the prices now. The food is worth it. Also, we were pleased to see that the cashier noticed that we did Kung fu (she saw the shoes we were wearing)! She was friendly and interactive!
4	I'd give this place 4.5 stars if I could. The only thing that's stopping me from giving it 5 is that it is kind of pricey. A bento is ~$10 depending on what you get. But you do get your money's worth because the portions size is pretty large and the bento combos come with plenty of food. It's just that I'd rather pay less for less food than more money for food that may not get finished. But that's just me.Anyways, I got the Mochiko bento which came with Mochiko chicken, salad, rice, shrimp tempura, chicken katsu, and beef skewers. Like I said, it's plenty of food that also tastes good. I particularly liked the chicken Katsu. There was something about the flaky breading that made it taste better. Their rice comes with furikake which was nice too. This place is worth a visit :)
5	Best bento box for the price! Been coming to Rice Trax for a while and the food is always hot, fresh and tasty. Check out any other fast casual Hawaiian joints and you'll really taste the difference.
4	I know been too long since update cause totally slacking on my Bento Action! Instead of going with the make your own went with one of Bento combinations on the menu. I got the Furikake Bento. Updated review let me add bringing back the Furikake not that I don't get enough at home. It kind of like Spam if your local from da islands you know certain things that go with rice. Furikake is one of them!!! The Furikake Shrimp was awesome! It basically shrimp tempura with nice light panko breading style not greasy or heavy. They toss it with the Furikake seasoning. The shrimp is nice most and hot on the inside. It first time ordered the Furikake Shrimp definitely not my last time! They were so addicting could have whole Bento of it. =)) Two other entree was the teriyaki chicken and the teriyaki beef. I had both before and still right on point. I enjoy the fact that everything comes on screws. It makes easy too eat, not so messy, and leaves more room for rice. Forget too mention Furikake on rice. Seriously can never have enough of the good things in life. The house salad (instead of mac salad) really enjoy. The greens are nice fresh, crispy, and like the house dressing comes on top of it. Plus they don't drown the salad with the dressing. Whatever the dipping sauce they give you with the Furikake Shrimp is da bomb. In the need for Bento at reasonable price really no other spot would go in town. Looking forward too my next Bento!!!!
4	Great fried rice -brown rice! A craving of mine for this cheat day dinner of mine! Yummy!! Call ahead of time --
5	When I'm craving some garlic chicken, Rice Trax is my go to place.  For starters, the serving size of their boxes are huge, it reminds me of the plate lunches back in Hawai`i.  Compared to other places in Vegas, I don't mind paying $10 for the amount of food that you get that actually tastes ono!
5	This place is awesome!!!  Servings are big and staff is real friendly.  Fried rice is saweeet!!!
5	The secret to great fried rice is seasoning. The fried rice is the tastiest I've had at a restaurant. The beef is always tender, mochiko chicken, and shrimp tempura is a winner. Some people I have eaten with say  the breading on the garlic chicken is a little heavy, but I don't even notice because the taste is awesome! Not to mention great for the kids too.
4	Mochiko chicken was pretty good, fried shrimp was a little bland, fried purple potatoes were really good but you only get 3 little pieces when you order as a side. Fried rice was pretty good. Definitely a must when visiting Vegas.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. On one hand, they relatively inexpensive bentos considering they have huge portions that are easily customizable. (Can't beat an average of $10 per bento!) On the other hand, I always eat more that I should here and because the food is so heavy I end up regretting it in the end. They have preset combinations but I always make my own. You can do a 2 item or 3 item combo and each comes with your selection of rice, your chosen entrees, Mac salad, and 2 sauces. The garlic chicken, mochiko chicken and furikake shrimp are stand outs in the menu. You can choose their house fried rice, white rice, brown rice, or make your own. The kimchi friend rice is one of their offerings and it had a pretty good flavor but it's way too oily/greasy.They take a long time to prepare/cook your food so order ahead and take it to-go.
5	Like this place very much.  The fried rice is extremely good   I get the bento box 3.  And aways have leftovers for that midnight snack.
5	A friend recommended this restaurant to me, so decided to try it out.  They have a counter where you can order take out and a sit down service.  My understanding is that they just started the sit-down service a few days ago and have added new entrees to the regular menu.  I had the Furikake Salmon with brown rice which was delicious.  Another person in our group had the Shoyu Chicken, which he said was the best he's ever had.  The Katsu-don was just "awesome"!  The girls who served us were very friendly and attentive.  The Hawaiian music playing in the background, the pictures of Hawaii and the shirts that the girls wore made you think that just for that moment you were back in Hawaii.  Great food, nice ambience, will definitely be back!
5	One of our favorite local food restaurants to fill our local/Hawaiian cravings.  Being born and raised in Hawaii, my husband and I always try to find restaurants that remind of us of home and this one does.  They expanded their menu from being a fried rice bar with bentos to adding many of the local favorites like saimin, beef stew, katsu with brown gravy or curry and much more! Today we went and learned that you can dine in with servers and its been 1 week since they started this... Also they open on Monday's! Thank you for bringing the island flavors to Vegas!
1	Shame! They closed this business and decided to text some workers they closed. And I believe some showed up to work and with was closed. Poor management and shame for local people.
