4	BF and I went here for Valentine's Day.It was a little intimidating at first because I couldn't find any reviews and it looks so nice.  The staff was pleasant and our server was on top of refilling our waters.  We however didn't get any more bread but I'm not exactly sure if "free refills" is something that they do.  The bar looked awesome but sadly we don't have very much money to get wasted.  Note to self: must order the White Chocolate Martini and White Chocolate Brownie when funds are abundant.BF ordered the Kobe Beef Burger.  It came with the standard lettuce & tomatoes as well as fried onion strips.  It tasted pretty good.  BF ordered it medium but he usually orders beef medium rare.  I don't understand the switch considering it's Kobe.  Anyway, it was good nonetheless.I ordered the Prime Rib French Dip sandwich.  Let me tell you... I have had several french dips in my life... a lot.  It's my favorite freakin' sandwich.  This was probably THE BEST french dip sandwich I've had to date.  The beef was oh so tender and the bread didn't rip the roof of my mouth.  There was something different about the au jus but I can't put my finger on the flavor and I can't even really explain it.  I just know that I liked it.  I would love to come back some day.  Considering how many dollar signs there are, I'm not sure when that will be.  Minus a quarter star for price.
2	Went here for a weekday lunch with my wife.  Service was ok, nothing special.  Nice enough waiter, but nothing memorable, service on this slow side.Food was fairly unremarkable as well.  I had a salad and a roasted chicken dish - fairly forgettable. Interiors were on the nicer side, and lunch was fairly empty, so restaurant felt kind of cavernous, as it is somewhat large and needs a crowd to fill it.Nothing great or terrible - I found it to be slightly below average for food and service, probably a little nicer than average for decor.
2	With a gluten food allergy it's hard to find places to go out to eat.  Four our 3 year anniversary my husband researched nice places we could eat at near Vegas while we were there to celebrate.  He even called ahead to confirm they had a gluten free menu.  When we arrived they had no such menu (despite telling us on the phone that they did).  The waitress didn't even know what gluten was.  I know that's not her fault, but it was disappointing to say the least.  I just ordered lobster and steak with no seasonings which was okay.  Service was slow.  I wasn't impressed and won't be returning.  It's also a $30 cab ride from the strip, YIKES!
2	Black Pepper Grill....I'm not really sure what this restaurant is supposed to be... I mean with the pricy menu and decadent  ambiance i was expecting something different. We were greeted, seated,served, and waited on by the GM of this location-she was nice - a little much for my taste( as far as those servers out there who think we all want to know their personal bio) other then that-there isn't much else to say...probably  because i'm still confused. Recap-Pro's food wasn't bad, great ambiance. Cons-unprofessional service, loud kitchen, and PLAIN CONFUSING!
3	They have great food, but the service was lacking.  I first went there when it was white chocolate grill and had great service the first time, then really crappy the second.  The last time I went I ordered the Creme Broulet , and it was runny like soup.  They refunded the money, but not my tastebuds.  Went across the street for some frozen custard instead.
2	+Went there for our 3 yr anniversary...first we get there and they only have beer and wine, really? What is this a pizza house, thought it was a steak house?? So that started it off not to so great, but I am 8 months prego so I didnt mind as much as my vodka drinking husband. Being easy going we stayed and decided the alcohol wasnt the reason we were there. Our waitress was so nice, she was on top of it, she was truly the only good part of our experience there. So I ordered the chopped salad I guess you could call it, the one with bacon and walnuts, that was the only good part of our entire meal, the dressing was to die for!! My husband ordered the bone in rib eye, mashed potatoes and veggies, the only thing that was good on his plate was teh carrots and he doesnt like carrots. He ordered his steak medium well and it came out black oh and the best part was, it was a bone in and there was NO bone!! His mashed potatoes were a potato just mashed (barely) with a fork and some sour cream barely mixed in....hard as a baseball, you could literally throw it and it would stay in one piece. I ordered the "turf" for an additonal cost to my hubby's steak and it was supposed to be 6 oz for $20, I had NO JOKE 4 bites and that was all there was, and they were tiny and dry. I told the waitress and she removed the lobster, overall the service and people are great, but really for $65 for 1 full meal, 1 drink and a salad.....I could have cooked better at home for less.
1	We actually went to the BPG in Lake Las Vegas.  It was a disaster, and then it went downhill.  It started with no one taking our drink order, but someone did offer to get us water and it came about 10 minutes later.  Between no one refilling our water glasses to not taking away plates it seemed as if there weren't any busboys in the place.I ordered a glass of merlot and it never seemed to come.  I finally flagged someone down and they brought me a glass of grape juice.  Not sure what it was.Next, after about 45 minutes something apparently went wrong with our order of chicken and it had to be remade.  This took another 20 minutes.The dinner was chicken stuffed with sausage.  It would be better described as sausage, with a tiny bit of chicken.They had a live piano player who was good, but didn't seem to realize that it was supposed to be in the background, not giving a concerto.  It made it difficult to hear the person across the table, let alone hear the latest excuse from the waiter as to why our meals weren't ready.
