3	Every Thursday, the Henderson Events Plaza on Water Street plays host to this market.  I wouldn't say that there are many farmers present, though.  Since I work right across the street, my co-workers and I usually walk over on a break to buy some goodies.  There is one fruit/vegetable stand that represents the farmer and there is always an array of beautiful produce available, as well as free samples.  The strawberries are huge these days and you can get a complimentary taste.  Other stands offer raw honey, artisan breads, hummus and salsas, and bakery items.  There are also quite a few craft vendors selling home decor like wooden piggy banks, vintage wall posters, salt/pepper shaker sets, soaps, etc.  And, it wouldn't be a farmers market in the Vegas Valley without the hot dog guy, the kettle korn guy, or the guy who sells something called a Tacizza (a taco and pizza concoction--I'm not brave enough to try it).  It may not be the best market around, but it's better than nothing here in Hendertucky.  At least I know I can get some fresh and juicy tangelos on Thursdays!
3	Teri W. was right on the money when she started her review with a big SIGH.  I kinda feel that way too, but I have to give the Country Fresh Farmers Market three stars because many of the products really are very high-quality.I have bought some interesting things here, including a homemade piggy bank.  I have no use at all for a homemade piggy bank, but it was so cute.  The produce IS horrendously overpriced, but it's usually very fresh and juicy so I get sucked in anyway.  The corn was the worst of it last week... 75 cents an ear is highway robbery.  I never end up spending as much as I plan because I get a little ticked off that the prices don't match what I expect from a farmers market.  I know it's getting to be a useless soapbox at this point, but anywhere else in the country, the prices would be a lot more fair.  I guess i just can't get used to the mark-up here.  Maybe I should lower my expectations a bit.I'm glad this farmers market is here.  It could be better with more vendors and more reasonable prices.  Three stars for effort, location, quality of produce, and the fact that they will give you a discount if you come later in the day.
3	This market does have potential. But sometimes I wonder if this is a farmer's market, or a swap meet....it seems that there are more purses for sale then peaches, or more wallets instead of watermelons...If I want a salt and pepper shaker set, I'll go to Target.
