4	Well, it's KIND of a department store. Everything is pretty much organized by, well, department.I LOVE BIG LOTS. Here's an example of two conversations:Conversation A"Wanna go to Wal Mart?""Um, I guess so. What for?"Coversation B:"Wanna go to Big Lots?""Boy, do I EVER!"When I got my first apartment, I got everything -- ice cube trays, curtains, rugs, pillows, throws, vases, mugs, bowls, everything. For less than $100. It's great! It's a good place to go especially for glass items, like vases, decorative pitchers, wall hangings. As for other items, we got a gargantuan container of beer nuts (they were tasty, too) for $3. They have pretty good soaps and lotions, too. Check it out!
4	This is one of my favorite store (Biglots in general). A great place to visit when you first move to Vegas and furnish your new place or for decorations on those holiday ocasionsI like that I can get nescafe instant coffee here (where I came from instant coffee is all you need) for $5. Some supermarkets sell it for $6.50
5	Never no what you'll find there. It pays to go often just to check, could find things you were not expecting!
4	Every once and awhile I find myself @ Big Lots and when I do I usually score some pretty good deals. I get all my spices here since they are mostly a buck. I also like the seasonal stuff they get in as well. I saw they sell pink xmas trees! How rad is that? I may have to get one!So whenever I find myself south on Eastern I stop to see what new goodies they have in..cuz ya never know!
4	OK first off i had a preconceived notion about this store....basicly i thought it was ghetto and cheap and gross. my sister dragged me there against my will. but i have done a complete turn around. the store was very neat, well maintained. they had great deals. the furniture they offered ranged from desks and book cases to couches and love seats and looked and felt very good quality. the movies we found were 3 5 and 7 dollar. where can you get a new movie for that. the food sections had some great deals too. overall id go again and any thoughts i had of this store before going have been dashed. don't judge a book by its cover i suppose,
4	Coming from cali on christmas week, I was amazed how much was in stock. I bought a few things for my kiddies at home. Place was clean and deserted! I had to remind myself that x-mas eve was in 2 days:-)next time I need a lil something, I will cozy on by this place! thumbs up!
3	This Big Lots is ok. They didn't seem as organized as some, but they have a nice selection of items, which is nice. I come here from time to time since it's near my work, but I still prefer the one on Blue Diamond since it seems a little bigger.
4	How come I always forget about Big Lots?  This is what I always ask myself whenever I come in here.  They have anything and everything you could possibly need for you house.  The biggest purchase I made from here was my couch.  Yeah it's fake leather but it is comfortable and looks great!  I saw the exact same brand, same model couch at a big store for twice as much.  Too much at Wal Mart and Target?  Don't want to wait for delivery from Amazon?  Check out Big Lots, they'll probably have it for a better price!
2	I think there over priced!  Are you serious $4.00 for a cup with a straw in it!  I can go to $. 99 store and get 4 of those!  Every now and then, I find a few things that are worth it, like pool fun stuff like rafts, and floatation devices.
4	I feel like I live here. My house is a 5 minute walk from here..or maybe less. I've gone so much. I really love this place because its so cheap. They have DVDs for 3 and 5 dollars. Some really really good ones. Everything is cheaper than at any other place. They have really cheap video games too.
4	Cool spot to get the international goodies.
4	We usually only visit Big Lots around the holidays to do their Toy Donation drive.  I really like that they do that, and I always hope that I pick a good toy out for whatever boy or girl gets it.  =)The prices here are really great!  I just have other places I prefer for certain things so I can't justify adding this to my shopping rotation, but don't let me discourage you.Always clean when we go, and we get checked out really fast.  The employees are very nice and courteous.I'd suggest getting school supplies here - they usually have a lot to choose from for good prices.Cheap snacks, too!  I've found some great things by shuffling around the food area.The toys are also not the most popular but by no means are they "old" or "dated."  When I purchased a toy for the donation around Christmas, I bought a Snow White doll that was modern and Barbie-esque.  It was actually really pretty.Parking is easy and never a hassle.
5	I love big lots around Christmas time they have rally good deals but duribg the year I never would have guessed that it would have so many sales. Their snacks are cheap and spices are name brand and only about a buck fifty for a big jar! I like this store
4	One thing about this location is that is stays organized. I always find what I need without digging through a mess.
2	Um.My mom and I stopped in here to see if they had any patio furniture left from summer... When walking around, it all seemed pretty disorganized, items included furniture (that was filthy). I don't even know how people would sit on a sofa or lay on a bed to see how comfortable it was. Covered in black shoe marks, ugh.Halloween items, christmas, food items.... it all just seems like a big cluster eff.We couldn't find any other furniture, or even cushions for that matter....so, we headed back to the front. My mom asked a woman pushing a cart about any seasonal items, like patio furniture. The woman pushing the cart, and the other employee behind the register both rudely responded that "summer was over."Thanks, bitches.
1	I absolutely had the worst experience here, buying a sectional couch from here. I placed the manhattan sectional as a price hold. And made small payments as time went on. Last Friday 11/14/14 I was ready to pick up the couch and make my final payment of $433. Brianna was the cashier who ringed me up. When she pulled up my account she said I owed $122 instead of $433. I asked her if she was sure? And she said I only had to pay $122 and I was paid off. I noticed that she rang me up for one couch and not for both. When I mentioned this, she said I was ok and gave me my receipt. She then gave me the couch and I drove away. Later that evening I get a call from that same girl, stating that I was right and I owed $311. I told her that I was at work and I'm busy. I will come in and pay for it next week. (Unbelievable that they would call me for there MISTAKE)! Today I receive a voice mail stating that they are going to call the police on me since I haven't paid the balance off. I called the manger Karen and told her that I will pay off today but I told her associate that I was going to pay the balance this week when I was off, which is today. There was no need for threats. She then treated me that I had to come under a hour to fix this or they were going to call the police. I live in Summerlin so  I had to drive all they way the Windmill store with my 2 year old son. I went in and I spoke to Gilbert the furniture manager. I told him I was there to pay the balance off. He then gives me an attitude and lectures me stating that I knew I owed the balance and I was trying to get away with it. (I could not believe he was telling this). When I said I just wanted to pay this off he, he snaps at me for having an attitude. He takes me to the cashier in from of the CUSTOMERS. And tells me I owe $433, I politely correct him told him that I owe $311, which stated on his cashier screen. He then snaps at me again and tells me not to correct him and to drop the attitude. I was standing there with my mouth open with my 2 year old son in my hands. Brianna (the young lady who rung me up wrong) then came up to Gilbert and told him I was ok and that she was going to charge me. Gilbert then threatens me that they were about to call the cops and I was Lucy that she was there to help me. I then told he to calm down and he curses at me in front of my infant son. I told him to leave the area because he was upsetting my young boy, and he kept yelling at me. Brianna told him to call down and leave. I was astonished that a MANAGER talked to me this way. Brianna apologized for his behavior and for her mistakes I understand that mistakes happen and was willing to let that go but not Gilbert behavior. I asked Brianna to speak to her manager Karen. But Karen was to busy to talk to me and help me with my issues. Brianna was nice enough to give me the District Managers number David. I called him and told him the incident that happened. He apologized and told me he would look on to it. Yea whatever! At least Brianna was nice enough to deal with the mistake she did, and took 10% off my due balance. I can't believe a store like this operates with employees like this. I'm still in shock a manager like Gilbert cursed at me and my two year old son. I will never set foot in another big lots again. I guess these people care more about them selves than own up to there mistakes. Especially the violent behavior Gilbert exhibited. I repeat this is not a family safe environment and they will CURSE IN FRONT OF YOUR KIDS.  The a mangers and I guess the district manager in this case does not care about its customers. All I got was 10% off to drive all they way across town to settle a bill that was there ISSUE NOT MINE. And I got cursed at and threaten at. How nice. Never again will I go here. Please of you care about your kids do come here, when Gilbert's around.
1	I absolutely had the worst experience here, buying a sectional couch from this store. I placed the manhattan sectional as a price hold. And I made small payments as time went on. Last Friday 11/14/14 I was ready to pick up the couch and make my final payment of $433. Brianna was the cashier who rang me up. When she pulled up my account she said I owed $122 instead of $433. I asked her if she was sure? And she said I only had to pay was $122 and I was paid off. I noticed that she rang me up for one couch and not for both. When I mentioned this, she said I was ok and gave me my receipt back. She then gave me the couch and left. Later that evening I get a call from that same girl, stating that I was right and I owed $311. I told her that I was at work and I'm busy. I will come in and pay for it next week on my day off. (Unbelievable that they would call me for their MISTAKE)! Today I receive a voice mail stating that they are going to call the police on me since I haven't paid the balance off. I called the manger Karen and told her that I will pay it off today. I told her that I said this to her associate that I was going to come in on my day off, which is today. There was no need for threats. Karen then treated me that I had to come to the store under a hour to fix this or they were going to call the police. I live in Summerlin so it's a far drive. I had to drive all the way to the Windmill store with my 2 year old son. I went in and I spoke to Gilbert the furniture manager. I told him I was there to pay the balance off. He then gives me an attitude and lectures me stating that I knew I owed the balance and I was trying to get away with it. (I could not believe he was telling this). When I said I just wanted to pay this off he, he snaps at me for having an attitude. He then takes me to the cashier in front of other CUSTOMERS. And tells me I owe $433, I politely correct him and told him that I owe $311, which stated on his cashier screen. He then snaps at me again and tells me not to correct him and to drop the attitude in front of all these customers. I was standing there with my mouth open with my 2 year old son in my hands. Brianna (the young lady who rung me up wrong) then came up to Gilbert and told him I was ok and that she was going to charge me. Gilbert then threatens me that they were about to call the cops and I was lucky that she was there to help me. I then told him to calm down and he curses at me in front of my infant son. I told him to leave the area because he was upsetting my son, and he kept on yelling at me. Brianna told him to call down and leave. I was astonished that a MANAGER talked to me this way. Brianna apologized for his behavior and for her mistake, I understand that mistakes happen and was willing to let that go but not Gilbert's behavior. I asked Brianna to speak to her manager Karen. But Karen was to busy to talk to me and help me with my issue. Brianna was nice enough to give me the District Managers number, his name is David. I called him and told him about the incident that happened. He apologized and told me he would look into it. Yea whatever! At least Brianna was nice enough to deal with the mistake she did, and took 10% off my due balance. I can't believe a store like this operates with employees such as these. I'm still in shock a manager like Gilbert cursed at me and my two year old son. I will never set foot in another big lots again. I guess these people care more about them selves than own up to their mistakes. Especially the violent behavior Gilbert exhibited. I repeat this is not a family safe environment and they will CURSE IN FRONT OF YOUR KIDS.  The mangers and I guess the district manager in this case does not care about its customers. All I got was 10% off to drive all they way across town to settle a bill that was their ISSUE NOT MINE. And I got cursed at and threaten at in the process. How nice. Never again will I go here. Please! If you care about your kids do not come here, especially when Gilbert's around.
