4	Humeira, the pharmacist, is so friendly and knowledgeable! Today's visit was a bit slower than usual because EVERYONE is sick. I had a prescription called in and it took a few hours to fill it, but the staff is so great and I just love the drive-thru!
4	This shop is great. The workers are so kind and knowledgeable which always makes for a good trip.
4	This review is for the Minute Clinic inside CVS. At first we thought it wasn't open because the store is under construction but it's just tucked back in the corner and we met with the NP in a small office. The noise from the construction was a bit jarring(especially while sick and with a headache) but they are expanding the Minute Clinic area so I'm sure things will be better in the long run.I signed in and was seen within 30 minutes, the NP Marisa was very personable and nice. She truly cared how I was feeling and made sure she was familiar with my heath history. We were in and out in under an hour. The pharmacy is another story(but I don't want to reduce the minute clinic's rating based on an awful pharmacy experience).This is the perfect option for cold/flu or when you need a quick prescription, they get you in and out quickly and on your way to feeling better.
4	The pharmacist at this CVS really cares about her customers. Always surprised that she remembers me. Their new Minute Clinic is a bonus. I believe it is the future as more and more of us move away from company supported health care.
1	I've been frequenting this pharmacy for at least 3 years, and I find this review is long overdue.  I'd like the start by saying the pharmacists here are skilled and knowledgeable, even if they never remember who I am.  The techs they have working here are another story, Not only are they not skilled, and not knowledgeable, they very obviously lack general customer service skills.  I have two of my scripts set up on auto fill, every 90 days.  For those of you not familiar with the auto fill concept, it's supposed to take the hassle out of refilling your drugs, with the pharmacy taking care of contacting your Dr and filling it on time.  In the last 12 months, my auto fill has been messed up 3x, considering it only fills 4x a year, that's not really impressive.  Each time it's been a different excuse, and each time I end up making multiple phone calls and trips to the pharmacy to get it straightened out.  This last time, it took me 3 phone calls and 3 trips.  The techs with whom I spoke to on the phone were rude and argumentative.  After I gave up on calling and went in person, with a reasonable solution, Ada (the tech attempting to assist me) spent a solid 15 minutes arguing with me, insisting what I was asking for could not be done.  Since this wasn't my first rodeo with Cvs, (I had them perform this request before), I knew I was being bs'd.  While a line of angry people formed behind me, she got flustered and took a phone call.  Apparently she decided she was no longer going to help me.  One of the pharmacists stepped up to help the next person in line, and she told him to help me instead.  I explained my plight to him, and he resolved it in less than 2 minutes.  The moral of this story is if the techs don't know how to do, they will tell you it can't be done.  They have no interest in actually helping you, and are not concerned with the lack of customer service they provide.  On my last call, I informed the tech that I found her inability to provide a solution unacceptable, and her response was I can't change it....no admission of guilt, not even an apology, just pure attitude and contempt.  So go ahead, mess up my prescription, catch an attitude with me and refuse to fix it.  I'm sure that will work out for you in the long run.
1	So I tried contacting customer service, but waiting on hold for one hour is not for me. I tried calling three different times, and I kept getting transferred.  I went into this clinic two weeks ago due to a sore throat.  The lady in there told me it was just allergies and a cold, and she recommended some over the counter medications.  I asked her if she would make sure the medicines would be covered using my health savings account.  She ensured me they would be.  She also recommended an "over-the-counter" drug, Nasonex or Flonase, which is not over-the-counter.  I went and picked up the medicine, and the pharmacist basically told me the minute clinic girl did not know what she was talking about.  She told me I could go back over, but by that time, there was a line.  In my world, time is money, and I wasted a bunch of time at this place. I left after an hour with nothing.  And I still have symptoms, which is pretty inconvenient due to my profession.  I do not recommend this clinic to anyone.  Save your time and money and go somewhere else.  I will be going to an urgent care tonight.  Don't make the same mistake I did.  If you have any more questions, feel free to email me at emily.liscom@gmail.com
