4	This new location provides car care (no body work), insurance, travel, and other AAA member services.  I visited for member services and the staff were quick and attentive and service was prompt.  The on-site insurance services are new - that's home, life, auto, etc.  You can drop off your car if necessary and get your hair done at Indulgence or grab a quick bite at Salsarita's both just across the parking lot.
3	customer service is friendly and they have 2 computers in waiting room
2	This location offers auto, travel, and insurance services. The travel center is fine -- I asked for and received exactly what I was looking for (maps for our vacation), but would have loved for someone to sit down with me and recommend some things to do at our vacation destination.I have not used the insurance services, but there always seems to be an agent available.The car service area is not on my list of places to repeat business. This was my second oil change there. The first time I waited for 90 minutes for my car to be finished. Since I had a coupon, I thought I'd try it again. Nope. 2 hours this go round. for an oil change. Oh, and by the way, you have to have an appointment. One of the guys did offer to take me home or wherever, but that was an hour into my stay. If i didn't have an appointment, I don't think the wait would bother me so much, but I did . . . and it does. I will not be back.
3	I could write 2 reviews for this location, 1 for the travel section, and 1 for the auto service area. But I'm going to roll them into 1 instead. Travel: it's nice to see that people still use travel maps and trip-tix. I remember the thrill of going to AAA before planning a trip back in the old days (before the internet) and picking up brochures and maps. The clerk was very efficient, and had a couple of great suggestions on local sightseeing where we were heading.Auto service: I was having an issue with my ignition system, so I took the car to AAA. Unfortunately, I was met with the words we all dread to hear: "we won't be able to do anything unless it does it again". And of course the problem wouldn't replicate itself on demand. I needed my tires balanced, so I figured I'd get that done, and in the meantime the ignition might act up again. I didn't have an appointment, so I was given a wait time of 2 hours. The waiting room was ok, the chairs were plentiful, and there were a couple of computers to use. Pricing seemed a little high, even for a member.
5	The guys got me in and out in no time!..In other words, I was very satisfied with the service :)
