2	Something just didn't feel right while watching this show...Could it have been that I didn't know what the point of the show was?Could it have been that there was no story or premise to the show?Could it have been that I got bored seeing the same set of boobies from the same five girls?Could it have been that the show was performed in what looked like a conference room with a built-in stage?Could it have been that the room was not even half-full?Could it have been that I wasted $29 to watch this show that did not titillate my senses?Could it have been that one of the girls had a chest that was as flat as a board with what looked like two Hershey Kisses as nipples?I would have to say a big emphatic "YES!!!" to all of the above.
2	There are 5 young ladies who have talent that is wasted in this production.Ooh La La is produced by Anthony Cools.He tries to infuse the same type of sophmoric humor into this show that goes well in his hypnotist show.As a topless production producer he makes a fine hypnotist.I wondered if he was trying to hypnotize the late eveing crowd (11 PM)  in the same theater his show runs. ..into thinking this was good stuff.It is not ....The girls are attractive and extrremely flexible. They begin the show by giving you a "backstage glimpse" of their preparations and their stretching routine ....Then the show starts.The segments have no connection and are trite at best.The girls work hard and I wonder if they they get bored performing the crappy routines that have been developed for them.The room is small amd provides an opportunity for intimate contact and experience ....but that fact and opportunity seems lost on Mr. Cools.The highlite of the night is a gymnastic type ring routine .....(This is billed as a T&A show)Good try ladies, you certainly do your part ....Anthony - stick to the hypnotism and let a producer put together a show worthy of the Paris hotel......  Not a show you want to see until you see....... Under New Production !!
3	If the girls weren't so pretty.....It had some humor, some magic, singing, an aerialists, and some great dancing.The aerielist, Nikki i believe, super buff, arms of steel!But I agree with Brain, something just didn't feel right about the "conference room with a built-in stage".  It's just so tiny. My boyfriend and I got seated right in the front which was nice because then we didn't notice the 15 empty rows in the back. Like I said in the beginning, if the girls weren't so pretty and talented, I would have been very disappointed. But the venue only matters so much, so over all i give it a 3 out of 5 but I wouldn't go back unless the tickets were free. And even then... i may have to check my calendar and see if washing my hair is more important that day.
3	This show was pretty much a skankier version of the Velvet Hammer Burlesque shows I truly love, with a little more  tittie. It was pretty cheesy, but I was very entertained.
