4	I had never heard of meat-and-three before I moved to the South. Lola's does it up right with an array of meat (chicken, meatloaf, etc.) and side  (mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, black-eyed peas) options.I went there on a Sunday afternoon and it ended up pretty crowded because the Obama rally had just let out. Finding an affordable restaurant open on a weekend in Uptown was pretty exciting because most of that area shuts down when the office buildings are closed. The cafeteria-style restaurant had friendly employees, though they were a bit overwhelmed by the usually large number of customers.
4	Lola's is located on the ground floor of the office in which I worked this week, so it became the logical place for which I picked up my lunch on my first day in Charlotte.I ordered the buffalo chicken strips, a side of seasoned fries, and a soda.   It cost me somewhere around 8 bucks and the food tasted good, fresh, and plentiful.   For the price, it's certainly good value and I did enjoy that they prepared my food then & there, even if that meant waiting a few minutes for it to be ready.They also serve a variety of sandwiches and burgers, so selection is quite good.
2	Buffet style hot lunch with separate sandwich line and salad bar.  Prices reasonable. Food had been on warmer too long.  Edible but not delectable. Nice decor but I would clean better.
3	What I Ate:Baked Chicken, Greens, Black Eyed Peas, Stuffing, Corn BreadThe price is right and the food was great for lunch downtown.  Check it out if you're only here for a couple days and you want to try some real Southern food.
5	This 5-star review is STRICTLY for their jalapeno cornbread.  Can't rate on anything else because I've only had the cornbread brought to me by a coworker.HANDS DOWN the BEST cornbread I have ever had in my life.  The combination of sweet and spicy is incredibly amazing.  I don't know about the other stuff here but I would come here just to eat the cornbread...mmm.
1	"We use words like honor, code, loyalty... I don't give a damn what you think you are entitled to. "  Col. Jessep, A Few Good MenJust went to Lola's with my customer "loyalty" card in hand (buy 5 specials get 1 free).  I would have had 1 more stamp to go to get a free lunch.  Card Stamp Guy, aka Col. Jessep, took my card and replaced it with a new card which required me to be twice as loyal (10 stamps required).  Said he didn't make the rules, just had to enforce 'em.  He had quite an accumulated pile of confiscated 5-stamp cards in front of him; all those loyal visits down the toilet.   I guess when times are tough, honor goes out the window and restaurants demand extreme loyalty from their customers.  I guess the truth is, there is no free lunch.  But, I can't handle the truth!!!
5	I just had the Roast beef with Mac and Cheese and some scrumptious mashed potatoes. yummmmmmmy is all that I can say. I will try not to go back more than once a month for dieting purposes, but is surely gonna be difficult!
5	The sweet potatoes are AMAZING! Instead of just the usual cinnamon, I think they add nutmeg. The fried fish is great...just enough breading and not greasy. You do not go there for the ambience, but the atmosphere is good - the people working there are friendly and the customers all seem like old friends (and make you a friend right away, too). I wish I lived closer...my last visit there was in April and I am thinking of a way to duplicate the sweet potatoes for my Thanksgiving dinner!
4	Some pretty good country cooking served at a good price.  Nothing at all wrong with that.  Agree with Allene T. re. the quality of the cornbread.  LOVE the jalapeno variety.It's a longer walk from Cubeville than some places I tend to frequent for lunch Uptown but, after loading up on fried or baked chicken, mac n cheese, etc. That's a really good thing!
5	Wow! I went to Lola's for a private Christmas party and MAN! it was good! I had never been here before and I definetly look forward to going back. I had some AMAZING post roast. It was flavorful, tender and juicy. I've had some good pot roast, but this one was, dare I say, the best!! Everything else was on par too. The collard greens & mashed potatoes were probably my favorite sides (we had a buffet-style meal). The staff was very pleasant and my meal was delicious! Will be going back again for sure!
4	Lola's has delivered pretty good food for some time, it's a nice change of pace for uptown that I often forget about, but they have really good veggies(especially the homemade dressing), fried/baked chicken and fish, everything is seasoned nicely....you can dine in or carry out.
5	My breakfast burrito was unreal. It was the size of a football (and not a burrito, which seems to be a trend in CLT. You're supposed to wrap the whole thing, burritos aren't open faced...) and had me full until dinner.I really didn't eat lunch, not out of any attempt to starve myself mind you, I was so full that it never occurred to me. And it was tasty too! the sausage had great flavor that really permeated the beast.
3	Been here a couple times for lunch during weekdays and food is A-OK. Couldn't get myself to eat their fried chicken as I had to get back to work, but have tried their fish and veggie dishes - all decent/good and generous portions as well.They have a loyalty program - stamp card on visit; accumulate x number of stamps to get a free lunch. Thats not bad.Nothing to complain about, but nothing to be wooed about at the same time. A regular soul food kinda place thats OK for the price you pay.
3	Had a great lunch.  The food was good.  I thought the fried pork chop was a little dry.   Greens were good.  Haven't had a chance to try their dirty rice.  Maybe next time I go I will try.  Is it as good as my dirty rice?
4	Great Southern comfort food. The meatloaf is awesome! It is a great lunch spot in downtown Charlotte.
5	Went to lola's for the first time today i had the mac and cheese fried chicken and green all which were great the employees where friendly and i overall great experience
4	I just recently discovered this restaurant, and it is by far my favorite place in Charlotte get some great southern food! The fried chicken, dirty rice, mac n' cheese and mashed potatoes are all delicious. This place definitely provides a welcoming, relaxing environment, and the customer service was very pleasing. I can't wait to taste other items on their menu.
4	I didn't even know this was here! Went for a delicious lunch today with two coworkers.Delicious southern comfort food. I had the barbecue chicken, greens, mac n cheese and jalapeno corn bread. I heard the meatloaf is to die for. Great helpings, well seasoned, and it left me fully satisfied!A convenient, quick spot in Uptown for lunch. It's quite popular (long line) but the line moved quick and there was plenty of seating. Will definitely be going back!(get the jalapeno corn bread. I am not usually a corn bread person but it was SO GOOD).
4	The best comfort food you could ever want.  Daily specials are excellent.  Nothing fancy but clean and well organized. Very reasonably priced.
5	Good southern cooking. Wonderful place to get lunch, skip the fast food chains. This place is affordable, offers great comfort food.
5	Excellent open face chicken fried steak sandwich, with mash potatoes and gravy. Fried chicken also very good.
5	The food was amazing but the peach cobbler was one of the best I've ever had. The staff was very nice,  the food was fresh and the price was right. I was stuffed when I left. I had roast, black eyed peas, greens and peach cobbler. This is located near the NASCAR museum and worth trying!
5	Simple, good, filling Southern food. Best collard greens in town by far (if you like them, I do). I usually eat here multiple times a week since I work close by. The staff is nice and friendly. The place is nothing fancy, but it's the food that keeps people coming back. Highlights: fried chicken, cornbread, smothered pork chops, collards (worth mentioning again), cabbage, black-eyed peas, fried okra (but they don't have it every day), macaroni and cheese, and meatloaf. Eat here!
5	What's not to like about this place?I was at the Charlotte convention center. I'm not into any food being sold there so I ask one of the security people what's near. Without thinking twice she says, "you want to go to Lola's! Then come back here and tell me how much you liked it!" The line was long but moved quickly. I saw chicken fried steak on the menu and did not see a need to look any further. I get to the counter and the nice young woman asks what side I want. I go for the mac and cheese so she puts a big scoop on the plate and hands it off to the next person. Person number two is...grandmotherly. And I mean that in the nicest possible way. She looks at my pile of mac and cheese, grabs the scoop and dumps another one on top. Mmmmmmm hmm! I opt for the total starch fest and get some mashed potatoes. My new grandmother figure asks if I want gravy, but asks in a way that you cannot say no. I'm loaded up with a ton on my plate AND cornbread, I stop for an iced tea and at the checkout counter are small styrofoam containers. "What's in those?" I ask the checkout person. "You should get one." "OK...but what are they?" They are banana pudding...and they are awesome. I walk outside with enough food to feed a family of 6 and proceed to eat way too much. Everything is great. (I didn't eat again until the next day.) If you're at the convention center (or otherwise nearby) and it's lunchtime. Stop reading and walk now.
5	Lola's is amazing. The Sheraton was charging $18 for breakfast, even if you just wanted a bagel. I walked over to Lola's and had a breakfast sandwich on the best biscuit I have ever had. Ever. And, it was about $3. Great staff, generous portions, excellent food.This is a breakfast and lunch place.
5	Last month I attended a conference at the Charlotte Convention Center.  As we left for lunch we exited the building onto MLK Street.  There was an employee of the CCC posted up outside to help direct foot traffic.  "Can I help you with something?""We're looking for somewhere to eat.""What kind of food y'all have in mind?"(Shrugs) "It doesn't matter...just something good."(No hesitation) "Lola's then.  It's right down on the corner.""Um, ok.  What's Lola's?""Southern, soul foo--""Sold!  Say no more.  Thanks!"I took off down the street with a smile on my face.  I love soul food and Lola's didn't disappoint.  When we got there about 15-20 people were in line ahead of us.  However, by the time made it through and sat down with our food the line snaked out the door.  I'm not certain if it's always that packed or if it was just convention center volume.  In any case, I really enjoyed my meal.I opted for fried chicken, collard greens, macaroni & cheese, cornbread, teamonade (Arnold Palmer to most), and a chocolate chip cookie.  I'm one of those people who pick the skin off fried chicken and since all skinless fried chicken tastes exactly the same...I have no opinion about the chicken.  I will say that my skin-eating tablemate said it was the bomb.  She rolled her eyes back into her head as she said it.  The greens were seasoned really well (they had a slight peppery kick) and the macaroni was tasty too with a cheesy, baked crust on top.  It was one of those times when I didn't really have space in my stomach for all the food but it was so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it.  As I went along I shifted a bit in my seat, trying to open up side compartments in my stomach to make it work.  I'm guessing that's why they serve everything in takeaway containers because they know they're giving you a lot of food.  I had to wrap up the cookie for later.I waddled out of Lola's feeling like I'd want to make it a weekly thing if I lived in Charlotte.  It's a solid soul food pick.
5	Everything that my husband and I tried was exceptional... It is cafeteria style southern cuisine... We tried the fried chicken, collard greens, Mac and cheese, cornbread and black eyed peas... Everything is amazing, and very reasonably priced, my suggestion is to go early and beat the lunch crowd, because it got jammed around 12pm because of neighboring businesses letting out for lunch...
5	The food at Lola's is absolutely delicious !!!! When you want real food (meat and vegetables) this is the place to go. It is conveniently located and the staff is well mannered. I have been numerous times for lunch and waiting for the opportunity to try breakfast. As a matter of fact tomorrow morning is beginning to look real good!!!
4	Inexpensive compared to other lunch options in the area. Cafeteria style service. You grab a tray and tell them what you want. They pass your plate to the next station. Then wait in line to pay. The don't skimp on servings. I was going to pass on the cornbread and glad I didn't. It was absolute fire! (That means it was delicious) The baked chicken was tender and juicy. The mashed potatoes and gravy right on point. Dirty rice was good too. I will be back here when I'm hankering for a carb overdose. Don't go there starved, unless you can care less about overeating or spending a few more dollars for extra sides. Great place to have lunch with friends. Open and spacious but seating limited during the lunch rush. Outside seating is an option too. Just know that it's crazy during lunch but they manage it well. Very friendly staff to boot.Enjoy!
5	Decided to try their breakfast options. Went with the Southern Breakfast. Best biscuits and gravy since I've moved to Charlotte. Chunky sausages in the gravy. Eggs were fluffy and soft. Potatoes were lightly seasoned with bits of onions and peppers. Such a content homey feeling eating this. Delicious!
5	Why have I not eaten here sooner?? This place has about all the comfort food you can think of. Juggling college, working, and an internship doesn't leave much time for me to go home where this style of food is cooked almost daily. Let me just say that their fried chicken is as good as grandma's! I got the friend chicken, cornbread, collard greens, and mashed potatoes. No complaints. And it was only like $8! Parking does kind of suck, I came with my group around lunchtime and the lines were a little long and slow moving, and it's a little awkward getting drinks since the check out line and soda area are close to one another but the food makes up for all of their setbacks.
5	What a fabulous restaurant. A team from our school was at an educators conference and found this treasure. If you stop in tell Bruce (the owner) his new friends from Indpls, IN said "Lola's has the BEST Sweet Potato Pie ever!!!"
5	Tender pot roast, creamy well-seasoned mashed potatoes,  vinegary green beans are specialities.  The chicken-and-dumplings were fantastic!  Delicious southern cuisine in the heart of downtown Charlotte.  Don't miss Lola's!
