1	WARNING- BUYER BEWARE ...  Deal with them at your own risk ...On June 21st, 2013, I purchased a load from Genco Marketplace.  It was sold to me as an Overstock load (not returns or salvage).  I paid $20,000 USD for it the same day it was ordered, it cost me another $8,000 with shipping, duties, taxes, etc.  Genco had various minor issues finding the payment and pushed to have the load picked up before they closed their Ohio facility.  No big deal.  The shipment of 19 skids arrived at my shop On July 15th, 2013 and I immediately noticed it was in very bad shape.  Most of the skids looked as if a dinosaur had eaten them ( I have many pics), and many were mangled and bent beyond salvage.  I notified Genco the following day July 16th.  At that point, I was unaware of the worst part, which I shortly discovered after inspecting and cataloguing the load.  After inspection, it became very clear that I was either being scammed or Genco had made a huge error somewhere.  I was missing 75% of the items I had purchased.  Of the 25% that did arrive, only half was salvageable.  This is a serious issue that a reputable company would want to look into asap.  Not so for Genco.   I informed my sales rep (Ray Gallagher) at Genco Marketplace on July 19th via phone message and email and received no response.On July 22nd we completed inspecting the last few skids and our suspicions of having been shortchanged were confirmed.  At this point I checked our Bill of Lading and found that the shipment was actually short 4,000lbs (of 13,500lbs).  I immediately sent a follow-up email to my sales rep.  He requested a list of what was missing and damaged.  On July 23rd we sent him a complete list of damaged and missing items with a summary and pictures.  No response was received.On July 25th, we sent another follow-up email requesting an update.  No response.  July 26th, I decided to go above my sales rep and phoned their customer support and spoke with a lady by the name of Carol.  I passed on all the info and was promised a response.  None was received, so I followed up with an email addressed to both customer support and my sales rep.  No responses received.I phoned again to customer support and was passed on to Vince Curtain, Director of Sales, and left him a voicemail explaining the situation.  I received a brief voicemail the following day explaining that the "alledged issue" was under review.  I called back several times and left him a voicemail to please contact me, no response.  I finally got ahold of my sales rep by phone (same day I filed a BBB complaint, hmm).  He assured me they wanted to keep doing business with me and that they would review the issue.  I asked what sort of timeline I could expect for a response, and was told he was not sure.  At this point I was becoming increasingly concerned at the lack of interest in the problem, and that they were ignoring the majority of my emails and calls, and that I had been given no explanation or timeline for a response to my inquiries.  I finally had my lawyer draft a letter, which did get a response from Vince saying only that they had upheld their portion of the communication, and that the issue was under review.  I also filed a Better Business Bureau complaint, and received the same one line response "the issue is under review".  What did this review entail?  When would it provide me and answer?  More importantly, what were they going to do about selling me a product and not delivering it?  It is now August 8th, almost a month since I first reported the issue.  NO ONE has contacted me for additional information.  NO ONE has taken the initiative to discover what has gone wrong.  NO ONE has made any effort whatsoever to rectify the problem, except to infrequently answer my calls/emails when pressed by my lawyer or the Better Business Bureau.  I still have no direction at all on what they are doing about it or when I will have an answer.   Either they have intentionally scammed me, or are completely unconcerned with the fact that they have not provided me the goods I ordered.  Both are signs of a company no sane business person should deal with.  Conclusion:  AVOID GENCO MAKETPLACE ...
1	Genco promises one thing, and delivers another... We purchased $20,000 of "Premium" unopened TVs, that the salesman "guaranteed" to work perfectly and over 20% of them arrived damaged with broken screens... When you are paying 40% of the MSRP for a $1,500 TV and the screen is broken, ITS A BIG DEAL! Over $5,000 down the drain, and the salesman says they "Don't give refunds".They even required us to ship through their "white glove" carrier which costs 3 times as much as our shipping supplier quoted because they were supposed to handle the items with extra care AND they would be insured for damages... Once we received the broken merchandise, we attempted to file a shipping claim. Genco led us through hoops, taking pictures of each damaged item, and the exterior of the box with the serial number, only to tell us 2 weeks later we were not able to receive any refunds for the damages through their white glove shipping carrier.Over and over again, we were led to believe things would be handled correctly as the director of sales would step in, and make promises that "as soon as they received the product again, we would be given a credit towards the merchandise". Six months later, and coincidentally, Genco never received anymore premium TVs... At one time, we suspected this and created another account with a different user name and began receiving emails from another salesman. When we received an email regarding premium TVs we approached Genco about the manifest we received, and they made up an excuse saying they were returned and could only be sold through the salesmen who originally sold them, and thats why we didn't receive the email from our main account. Over the six month relationship, our salesman Ray Gallagher acted very unprofessionally, even threatening to cancel our account because we were "demanding favors". Ultimately, resulting in our company taking legal action against Genco. It no secret if you do your research and look at reviews from other companies purchasing from Genco. They are many negative reviews claiming exactly what happened to us... If you do decide to go through with purchasing from Genco, I recommend you record each conversation, as the salesmen are very greasy, and will lead you to believe one thing, and deliver another.
1	Genco is a big rip off, I had the same exact experience as the previous review. my salesperson Ray Gallagher promised me Clean customer returns, Shelf ready TV's ,I have it in writing, in his email. I purchased 4 pallets with 30 televisions on them, 27 out of 30 had Cracked Screens.  when i called him he would not answer my phone calls, or return my emails. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.
1	I guess I'm too smart of a businessman to be allowed to buy from Genco. I have been calling and emailing them for weeks but it seems they don't want to do business with me. I think it's because I asked the right questions in the beginning and told them I was looking for a particular type of load. I also mentioned that I would like to buy a small load at first to see the quality, this also did not sit particularly well with the salesman I spoke to.When I backed away from my small load request and asked if I could buy a truckload I still wasn't getting answer to my emails or calls back after leaving numerous voicemail messages.Buyers beware. Read the reviews here and on other websites and you'll soon learn that other than a select few 'big' buyers everyone else pretty much walks away from this company with a horrible experience.
