4	A "hearsay" review.  (See below for update.)   My wife stayed here two nights while visiting our son in Phoenix.  She enjoyed the stay- the price was right and, although she had a room overlooking the street, the blackout curtains were thick and kept out the street sounds.  Comfortable room. Nice pool, especially when it is 112 degrees. Continental breakfast. Do people live in Phoenix of their own volition or does some government agency assign them there??  They must all be in the Witness Protection Program.ADDENDUM:  Finally stayed here myself, so this review is now more credible.  This is a great motel, quiet and full of amenities. Nice beds.  Nice pool area and a pretty good continental breakfast.
2	I've stayed at better mid-range hotel/motels before. If you're wanting to stay in the area and don't mind a little extra drive, stay at the La Quinta in Scottsdale, it's MUCH nicer - and a little more expensive. I stayed there on my last trip. I did great a really low price for this location. Now I see why. I was actually tempted to move to the Scottsdale location after the first night.When I arrivied after 10:00 PM the front desk clerk acted like I must have come to sell her insurance instead of to check in. "What do you want? She asked with her font lip curled up and throat extended toward me. Not a friendly greeting. Later I called down to the front desk because I could not connect to the free wireless network. I had to let it ring over 5 minutes before anyone answered. I was able to connect but the connection was terribly weak and slow - adding a few more minutes to my day before I could get to bed.I am here the last of my five nights - I have only been able to connect to the network three of the days I was here. The desk was surly when I asked what I should do to find network service and they weren't very helpful.The breakfast is standard La Quinta stuff. It's OK but don't expect any protein. It's all sugary cereal, breads and some fruit. OK if your want to sucker-punch your pancreas. The coffee is actually pretty good. Not too overly roasted but strong enough to call it coffee.The temp has been over 110 here everyday and I'm surprised that the air conditioning at this motel/hotel isn't better. I was pretty miserable every night trying to find a balance between running the blasting, noisy AC unit under the window and keeping the temp tolerable. The bed is comfy, as advertised, though the sheets don't fit the mattress. I didn't sleep well because it's been so HOT in the room. Ugh!There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom. So, after doing in the bathroom what bathrooms in hotel rooms are for, while traveling and eating travel food, I was dissapointed that I had to open the window and let 112 degree air IN to the bathroom in order to exhaust OUT to the otherwise prinstine Arizona environs what I had left behind in my tiny trailer-park type camode's delightfully drab air.The little kitchen is very nice to have. I saved a few leftovers from dinner in the little fridge a couple times for a snack. That was nice - and the coffee maker in the room was easy to operate.I agree with the first reviewer in wondering why people live here. It's so #&@* HOT. There's no escape. Unless you stay somewhere nice.
2	Of 5 La Quinta's I recently stayed at across the US, this one was well below par and was by far the worst. Me and about 3 other people were unable to get onto the free wireless Internet. The person at the desk was real nasty and unhelpful about it. The room was a little dirty. While the hotel had a hot tub and pool, the grounds were pretty run down. The motel is located in central Phoenix very close to Scottsdale, Tempe, and downtown Phoenix. The downside is that the area is a little questionable. While not terrible, I would highly recommend not going for a jog by yourself at night. On the plus side, they do allow pets and give the typical La Quinta Continental Breakfast in the morning. The rooms have a small kitchenette which is a nice bonus. Overall, not terrible, not great either but I'd say you are better off at a different La Quinta or other motel.
2	Not bad for the price.  We were in town for a quick overnight trip to a few spring training games. Looks like it was a renovated Best Western or something along those lines.  Definitely have stayed in nicer La Quinta's but this one worked for the price and location.
2	Where do I start,? The bathroom does not have lotion, and when I came back from my business, there was still paper on the floor , there was not plastic bags for the trash can, no drinking glass in the bathroom and even when I used the shampoo, they did not replace it.The palce is a little rundown and it really has paper thin walls. I woke up in the middle of the night when a baby was crying .. just wnat I needed. The hotel is on a major street and you can hear all the cars and the sirens. , So if you are looking for a cheap place , but NOT a good nght sleep , then you have found the place
5	We stayed for a week with two kids, a dog and two cats. So yes, very pet friendly. Great pool, nice employees and excellent free breakfast- saved us a good deal of money just on that meal alone. Computer and printer access, coffee and water available all day. Comfortable beds, clean room. Pricey I suppose but well worth it for this family relocating from California. : )
2	It's ok. The price was decent and it was near my meeting, but I don't think I would bring the family here.
4	This LaQuinta is in a good central locations with wonderful clean rooms and a very nice staff. The young woman in the breakfast room obviously loves what she does and greets each guest in a friendly and warm manner. This hotel is very pet friendly with a nice grassy open area.The hotel is all non smoking and well kept.Garcia's Mexican Restaurant within walking distance, and it is near the airport.
4	About this time, a year ago, my husband and I spent the night there on our wedding night.  We had a small ceremony, followed by a wonderful dinner with friends and then decided to stay at a home-away-from-home hotel.  Plus we had guests at our home and it was appropriate that we were alone. The room was pleasant enough but nothing to write home about.  The property is well kept and the service was adequate.  I probably would not stay at that specific location again even though I usually frequent LaQuinta hotels whenever I travel.
4	Figured I'd write a review here, being that this place was my very first impression of Phoenix since it was the very first place I came when I "impromptu" moved here from NC in August 2012.It doesn't really deserve four stars, maybe only three, but I gave it a little bump considering the other guy's kinda dumb review. For a cheapish hotel in an area I now know isn't super-safe, this place is all right. I had absolutely no problems when I stayed here, the staff was super-friendly and the room I stayed in (for about a week) was consistently looked after. They even cleaned up the litter my cat scraped onto the floor; BAD CAT.When we were there, they were doing some kind of renovations, and I was glad to see it was a family affair; members of the owners' family were digging into the earth and installing whatever. I just like to see a family-owned business like this doing okay, as opposed to some corporately-owned and randomly-staffed place.Anyway, not the Four Seasons or anything but it'll do...for me and for you!
2	on the plus side - freeway, fast food & market closeon the  neg side - pet friendly leaves the rooms smelling, carpets soiled, Floors to walls areas grimy,This is the first LQ Inn Ive been to outside Calif that was not up to par. Im very disappointed.  Who signs off on these rooms??
1	Room cleanliness was just ok. Carpet edges were quite dirty.There was a lot of old and fresh dog poop everywhere in the court yards and landscaping. The elevator was filthy. We will never stay there again.
2	It was clean.  It was 103f when I checked in. My room, 227, didn't have the a/c on. It was about 100 in the room. I left and went back to the front desk. The front desk clerk was right off the short bus. He told me that all the room a/cs are turned off to save money.  These are cheap models that can't cool a room down in any good manner of time. I cranked up the a/c and left for 3 hours. When I returned it was nighttime and the room was somewhat comfortable. At breakfast I saw some of the other guests. Scary looking peopleLa Quinta, this is one of your worst properties.
3	La Quintas are usually nice and all of them are pet friendly. This one is in desperate need of a renovation. The bathroom is falling apart and the rugs are heavily stained. Looking around the neighborhood, you can understand why. The staff were perfect, the price was great, but it needs to be renovated to be 5 stars.The Wifi is free but slooooow
4	This was a great place to stay with a great price.  After a horrible experience at Extended Stay America, we stayed here for 2 nights. The room was clean, front desk service was very helpful, and complimentary breakfast was more than just a continental breakfast. Our flight was very early, so they even opened the breakfast room 15 minutes early for us. The parking was also convenient.
3	Clean room, decent price, large clean outdoor swimming pool. Summary: great if your just passing through but avoid if your a business traveler. Note: I was in town to watch my hometown NHL team play the Arizona Coyotes so it served my needs very well. I am also an experienced business traveler & would advise business travelers to avoid this hotel due to lacking business amenities. VERY WEAK WiFi, no business center.
