2	I've stopped by here every day this week and I get the same thing, a soda and a sandwich.  Monday it was $2.35, Tuesday $2.81, Wednesday $3.02.  I didn't come back on Thursday, at this rate of inflation I couldn't afford it.
4	No reason to go anywhere but the QT, these guys are awesome.
4	This QT is like a lot of the others. Very clean, and the staff is fast and friendly.
4	QT - best gas station eva!!! This location is super busy! Even busy, the customer service is on tap and the store/restrooms are clean. You could but what more could you really ask for from a convenience store
5	Every time i step into a QT, it is falling into a little piece of heaven. they are my oasis in this dry and barren land.   this is my secondary home QT, and the one i technically go to second most, and they always have great deals, and the restrooms are spotless at all times. if you have somehow never been inside a QuikTrip. . . well there's not much I can do for you., just tell you you have to do so, or else you don't even know what it means to be alive.
4	This location is definitely popular and very busy. I would suggest being careful when coming here and watching other cars. The inside is clean and well organized. It's an easy quick place to get gas, a snack, or drink. One of the better gas station options in Mesa!Overall: AAnother top notch QuickTrip location. If you gotta stop for gas, this is a good spot!
5	I'm not a regular convenience store goer, but when I go, I look for QT! This place is SPOTLESS inside & out, including the BATHROOMS, yay! The beverage selection is THE BEST of any convenience store - in addition to any normal drink you can think of, they have drinks "on tap" that I've never even heard of! I'm a coffee snob, and I was delightfully impressed by their dark roasts - rich tasting & they keep them fresh. They even have a section of actual healthy items, protein bars, etc. One day I spent a while going through all the isles, and I'm pretty amazed at what you can buy inside a QT market, check it out for yourself.Checkout is cheetah-FAST, like the cashiers are ready before I've even dug out my wallet! All the employees are really nice & cheerful, I like that they always say hello.BY THE WAY, as of Sept 2014 this location has the NEW DELI KITCHEN THING, IT'S DELICIOUS & they have soft serve ice cream!
