5	I was looking to add some variety to my workout routine when Enamor offered a deal for Go Figure, so I grabbed it! I just returned from my first class, and was really, really happy with the workout I got!I had been hearing about barre classes- my friend in Tennessee has been raving about them, but haven't heard too much about them here in Phoenix. As Laurie B said in her review, it's a wonderful fusion of ballet, yoga, pilates. Not only does it give you a total body workout, but it's also low impact- which is great for runners like me with bad knees.Kelly has a beautiful studio there. I was warmly greeted by Rachel at the front desk, who already had my internet deal set up and paperwork ready for me to fill out. Kelly was warming up in the studio and came out to greet me as well. They have lockers to store your stuff (for footwear, you only wear socks in the studio as the floor is carpeted) and the key is on a coil that fits conveniently around your water bottle! And as you're waiting, they have some really cute clothes for sale, as well as the gripper socks to help give you some traction on the floor. (I had regular socks on for the workout and didn't slip too much, but will probably pick up a pair of their socks next time around.)The workout got started right on time, the class size was small, and it was just a perfect experience for my first time doing a barre class. Kelly was great at demonstrating the positions and movements. She came around and praised and corrected as needed. She provided variations on the exercises if they were too difficult. We got to use not only our own body weight, as well as the barre of course- but also hand weights, small balls, etc. Great choice of music throughout the hour-long workout-- it kept me motivated even if I was getting tired! The length of each exercise brought me to the point of muscle fatigue but never was too much, and it was really nice to have moments of stretches interspersed throughout the workout. And the stretches at the end were a nice finale to the class.If you're looking to try something new with your exercise routine, check out Go Figure! You'll definitely feel the difference, and I can't wait to SEE the difference after my next few classes!UPDATE (7-12-12):Did my 2nd class today, and I left feeling great! The class size was a little larger today (maybe 6 students), but the studio is big enough that we all had enough space to stretch and reach without bumping into one another. It also stayed cool despite more bodies.With more students today, I was really impressed by the range in ages- probably 30's to 60's. It's really such a great workout that anyone can do it. Kelly provides variations on the exercises, so no one gets left behind despite their level of fitness- which I was grateful for as I needed to do knees-down push-ups today (still working on increasing upper body strength!).I also wanted to mention the great personal touches about Go Figure... The day after my first class, I got a personal handwritten note of thanks and encouragement from Kelly. That really meant a lot. And I am impressed with how Kelly remembers everyone's names. It's really nice to hear "Great form, Tracy!" in class as I'm working hard!  :o) Also, I had mentioned a back issue I had to Kelly before the class, and she remembered during the class and had me add a block to the exercise so I could still do the exercise safely.Finally, as I left today, my body really did feel good-- my muscles were a little tired, but they were relaxed and did feel longer and stronger. I could totally get used to this!
4	I've never done a barre workout until yesterday at Go Figure and kind of didn't know what to expect. I bought a single class for $21 just to try it and was not disappointed. At 9:45 AM on Friday morning, it was just two chicks including myself and the instructor but I prefer smaller class sizes anyway, it allows the instructor to give you pointers on using proper form.In an hour, you get a full body workout using resistance bands, pilates balls, small dumbbells and your own body weight. Even though the music is fast paced (club music, no Chopin or Tchaikovsky here) it is low impact. No jump squats! Many of the movements are using a small range of motion but you really feel your muscles firing. Many of the moves are pilates inspired. You don't really sweat a lot. I did leave with shaky legs feeling great, and no soreness the next day.I have only taken one class and I understand they switch the routines with each class. It is suitable for all fitness levels. One thing I'd like to see more of are true ballet moves and some balance work. It is a barre workout after all and don't we all want to look like ballerinas?
5	I've never done barre before but have heard great things about it. The only problem is barre classes are a little pricey and more than what I'm willing to spend each month no matter where you go. When they had a Living Social deal for 5 classes I jumped on it right away. I attended the Saturday morning classes and had Kelly as an instructor except for one day when we had a sub since it was her birthday. I enjoyed all of the classes. The hour went by really quickly because you were constantly moving and doing new exercises. I had a lot of fun and got a great workout too. I was so sore after the first class and felt it for a week! The class size usually had no more than 10 people. I really liked this because you get the individual attention in a group setting.The studio and equipment was all new and clean. The dressing room was equipped with lockers with locks and keys which was very convenient. I would definitely recommend this studio to anyone looking for a great barre workout. Maybe one day I can afford to go back without a deal.
5	I've bought a couple of packages now from Go Figure (one was a Groupon).  These classes are amazing and the instructors are all wonderful!  I'm officially addicted.  The classes are always tough and are always small.  I've had a few wind up one on one with Kelly and they are great.  If I'm the only student, then those classes wind up the hardest because I get all of her attention.  You get a full body workout starting with a warm up then moving in to arms.  You then do about 30 minutes just focusing on thighs and your seat, then finish with abs.  The classes are great and the instructors are all so friendly.  I love Go Figure!
5	On a whim, I bought a 5-pack of classes to Go Figure for $39 from Living Social. This is an amazing deal, considering a regular 5-pack costs $90. I was a little hesitant on my first visit. I used to go to yoga and Pilates (the two workouts I hear Barre compared to regularly) semi often back in KC, but hadn't done either in over two years. Yikes!All I have to say is, I LOVE Go Figure! It's such an amazing workout and a great way to start my day! I've taken classes from Kelly (the owner...she is amazing), Michelle C., Kara (want to get your butt kicked? Take her Friday 6 a.m. class to get ready for the weekend!) and Kathy. They are all so welcoming and energetic. Each class is a little bit different but works every part of your body in a perfect 60 minutes time frame.What I also love about Go Figure is that they have everything you could need. The studio is stocked with mats, bands, balls, blocks and small hand weights (of varying weights) that are all used in the various exercises. There is an area with lockers that come with individual keys. Everything is clean, modern and sleek. I've never been pressured to buy more classes, although once my first 5 classes are up, I definitely signed up for a month unlimited--which they awesomely gave me for the new student price! I try to make classes 3-4 times a week, and am excited to already see a difference in the way I can work through each class.I know trying a new exercise regimen like this may seem daunting. Please give it a try at Go Figure. Everyone is so positive and friendly, and each move in class can be modified for every level. You will love it!
4	This studio is great and the work out is fantastic. I've never taken a barre class and I will definitely take more in the future. The workout is tough but not so much that you feel like you can't do it at all. I like the idea of body awareness that go figure teaches along with the exercises. My only
5	New to town and was looking for something to replace my beloved Barre3 in Portland. Have taken Pure Barre and Karve, both were a disappointing experience. So happy to have found Go Figure. Took Kelly's class yesterday and signed up for monthly unlimited.  Loved, loved, loved her class and the studio - can't wait for my next class tonight!
5	I have tried many workout places and never found one that I loved. This studio is different.. Very clean and great instructors here, each time I go I feel like I am getting a personal session. Kelly is my favorite class to attend and she always mixes it up so I never feel like I am doing the same class.
5	These ladies are great! Always a welcoming environment and on my first class I was created with a hug. The workout itself is intense. At first, I thought what could this actually do for me but after a week I could already see my glutes tighten!It's a franchise which is odd to me just because the women here are so great. They limit the amount of people in a class and weekends tend to be full! I did 6am and boy was that a wake up. The instructors are all so pretty and fit AND nice, it's like geez talk about having it all.
5	What a great studio. The owner Kelly is wonderful, warm and welcoming and a great instructor. The rest of the staff is wonderful too! The studio is clean and quaint and makes you feel comfortable.The workout is amazing! If you were to just watch you would not think it would burn or do much, but I promise the results are real. It burns! Also, it is as easy or hard as you want to make it. If you are looking for a good workout that is something you can do forever and are wanting to tone and lift areas you have never  been able to, then you will love Go Figure. I have had wonderful results and enjoy just being at the studio.So happy that my friend Alesha brought me here.
