5	I have been bringing my son here for over 6 years.They have video games and toys for the kids. My son goes to both the dentist and orthodontist. I truly can't say anything negative. The staff is wonderful. The office is well run, and I am confident he is getting great care.
5	Such a wonderful experience for my 3.5 year old son and Mom!!! We tried two other dentist prior to this office and had not so great experiences. I honestly thought my son had developed a fear of the dentist. We walked into to this  office and grandma Barb greets you and the little play area is small and fun. Honestly the experience was amazing they cater to little kids and know exactly how to work with them. I will be bringing both of my boys here for now on!!
5	Wow!  The entire staff and experience was excellent.  I wasn't sure how my 2 yr-2 mo old son would react to his first dental office experience, and he did fantastic!  In large part this was due to the staff who let him act his age, and I'm certain that because they did this, he didn't throw any fits!  They had patience with him, played "games/mind games" with him to get him to willingly submit to their services.  An excellent all around experience.  I told my son's Bubbe that, "Boy they understand little kids and have this thing down!"  A+++
5	I started taking my kids to affiliated and fell in love with the atmosphere.  All the doctors there are very friendly and knowledgable. They really know how to make my kids dental experience fun and pleasant (and of course they love the slide and the video games).  Dr. Tim guided me on proper dental care for my children and helped us turn my sons bad hygiene around.  No more cavities!  Yeah, Thank you! I decided it was my turn for a long awaited great smile. Dr Feinberg and his orthodontic staff helped me achieve a movie star smile :) They cut my time in braces down with their advanced technology and equipment. I can't say enough about how great my teeth look.  There is not a day that goes by without someone commenting on how beautiful my smile is!  My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner!!! Now my son is in treatment now with Dr Feinberg, his experience has been great and his teeth look amazing. I'm so pleased that I found this practice and love telling everyone about them. They are truly fantastic!
1	The level of ineptitude in this practice is astounding. We will be one-time patients and strongly discourage any parent subjecting their child to the incompetence here. Our 13-month-old son went for his first check-up and was tortured by the hygienist and dentist. He is a very calm boy who has no problem brushing his teeth or allowing mom or dad to help him brush. Yet they had him in near hysterics for the entire appointment! They were completely disorganized and unprepared for the appointment - had to run around to get additional items while our son was screaming. The only information provided was that he had 4 teeth starting to push through. Not a word was offered about the health of his teeth and gums, nor were any questions asked about his oral hygiene practices. We had to ask about everything to get any sort of information.When setting the appointment, I was quoted a rate of $45 for the exam and $65 for fluoride treatment. Despite explicitly telling them we do not want fluoride painted on our son's teeth when setting the appointment, they tried to apply it anyway saying they were going to paint on "vitamins". Fortunately, my wife verified it was, in fact, fluoride and stopped them in time. To add insult to injury, they tried to charge us $130 after the appointment. We told them we would pay the $45 we were quoted for the exam and the billing employee responded "it says here in the notes you were quoted $110." That's right! For exam and fluoride, the latter of which was declined. So why did they just try to charge us $130 if those notes were in the computer? Ineptitude is a gracious qualification - dishonest could easily be justified as well. We will be lodging a complaint with the Arizona State Board of Dental Examiners and the BBB. Caveat emptor.
5	I have two daughters, ages 3 and 4 and we have been going there since our doctor recommended around my oldest's first birthday. We have been to a lot of medical offices and I have never been so impressed by the Doctors and staff here! They really know how to meet my daughters on their level! The first few visits, my oldest was pretty apprehensive because of some bad medical experiences she had with doctors early in life... but they really focused on her helping her calm down. Dr. Tim even sang her songs. They are the most gentle people I have ever had deal with my kids.  Even the hygienist, Katie, took the time to find out what my girls were interested in to discuss with at their appointments, and remember when we can back! Its really been our dental home and the girls look forward to going every 6 months!!
5	Every visit to this practice has been first-rate.  The staff is professional, efficient, warm and courteous and the doctors top notch.  My sons (1.5 years and 4 years) look FORWARD to visiting the dentist and their first check-ups were enjoyable experiences!
5	My three kids have all gone here for dental and ortho. They do an amazing job at both, and make the kids very comfortable. The staff is both professional and fun. If you have kids, I definitely recommend you give them a try. They have two locations and both are equally amazing.
