2	This place is a skip, hop and a jump down the street from my house, so to say that I had high hopes for this place would be a massive understatement. I walked in and was digging the ambiance: the bar was full of people, the decor was simple and the windows were all fogged up on a cold night: good start. The beer selection would have pleased some off-island, cars-up-on-blocks kind of people, but I made do and ordered myself a pint of something ghetto. The food, here is why I am only giving the place 2 stars. No pub that I have heard of does tapas so I was already a bit put off: you're either ghetto or high end, not both. Portions were small, we were charged for things and quantities that we did not order and everything tasted like half a salt shaker was used in it's preparation, shame, cause I really wanted to like this place.I would however come back for a drink, but food, not until I hear they improve.
5	This is an excellent place.  I will list the goods and the bads, but the goods give them the 5 star, despite the other reviews I just read here on Yelp.  Here is what we had: 1.  BRUNCH FOR TWO:  Incredible array of meats.  The pork chop was amazing-the most delicious I have ever had-benefiting from a good brine that makes this chop flavorful and far more juicy than any pork chop I remember.  Boudin noir-homemade-was different than anything I have had in Montreal-it was light and delicate, with the pork fat having been cofited making it tender but adding a nice texture.  The mace flavor and onlions were noticeably large in the dish.  In fact, I think this was different than black pudding from England, german style blood sausage, Lunenbourg pudding from Nova Scotia, boudin from France or even Korean Sundae.  Here they make it with oats, which is not always done with the others I have listed. Bacon;  among the very best in MOntreal-very smoky and a good amount of salt from their brining. Reasonably lean compared to many bacons.  Montreal happens to be a great bacon town, if you know where to go.  Marrow-nice, but not that different than other marrows. Egg:  extremely well cooked over easy. Beans: very delicious-though I have no expertise here-they were definately different from the one's I have had.Sausage;  excellent homemade sausage.  Kid test-they loved it.  But this place is a little slow on the service to have a good kid experience, though we had a decent time of it today.  2.  TURNOVER:  Incredible, one of the most amazing, with a delicate pastry that was delicious and crisp. 3.  QUICHE:  The most unusual quiche with lots of creamy richness and some flavors I couldn't identify.  The bacon or ham was extremely smoky, giving this a very unusual and almost English flavoring. 4.  COFFEE:  Excellent Kenyan with a bit more character and acidity than most coffees.  The roast was deep and well balanced. I wanted to try the "egg sandwich" and the "bison tongue sandwich which our neighbors raved about, but the meal was already over the top too much. CHEF:  Great chef formerly of DNA.  He belongs here much more-this is the appropriate setting for his skills.  Can't wait to try dinner here. WAITER:  Friendly and helpful, but always in a bit of a hurry to get away.  Also, there could be a little better explanation of what to expect from the different dishes on the menu (example;  the egg sandwich is a very small item.  Also, he encouraged us to order sides for the kids-quite unnecessary and pricey given the amount of food)BAD STUFF: Slow preparation-perhaps a bit slower than is necessary.  The cooks moved a bit slower than cooks tend to.  They are obviously intreseted in "slow food" style, but that doesn't mean moving slow.  But they were knowlegeable and dedicated nonetheless after talking to one of them. SLow delivery of simple things-it took quite some time to get some hot water. Balance-it is hard to balance a meal that is so much protein-and one could not expect it here. Price-Quite high for the items, but worth it nonetheless.  I would share the brunch for two amongst 5-6 people in the future and have a few sides.  That would be a reasonably priced meal.  We sepnt about 100 on 2 adults and 2 children which for brunch is quite pricey.  Menu:  handwritten and abbreviated-a bit too "cool".   How about handwritten with some explanation?  Has the photocopier been discovered in this part of MOntreal yet?  INFORMATION: Alternative meals;  They should be a great choice to try for dinner.  Brunch is only 2 days a week.  They were very crowded by 11:00 having opened their doors at 10:30I give this place a 5 star.  I would give it the same rating in Manhattan.  This is a keeper, but you never know in Montreal.
2	Disappointment.I went here from brunch with some good friends and high expectations - who wouldn't, give all the hype and big-names associated with this place?The food wasn't too bad, but that's about all I can say. The servings were small - by any Montreal breakfast standards, let alone the prices they charged. I had the breakfast muffin which was tasty, but basically just a $15 Sausage-McMuffin.The coffee was expensive, tasted terrible, and was served in small cups. My sometimes-alcoholic friend (birds of a feather...) ordered a cocktail, which even he struggled to finish.The decore is OK, but hardly original. It looks just like Liverpool House and Joe Beef (which I can understand look the same, as they're run/owned by the same person and right next door to each other), to the point where there's even a picture of Joe Beef on the wall.I have heard (both on Yelp and offline) that the brunch for two is good. I'm thinking about going back to try it, but I'm not in any rush.
4	Brunch:My lady ordered the very pretty quiche Loraine. At first we thought maybe we would split our dishes between the two of us, unfortunately, I wasn't wearing my dress that Sunday morning to be able to legitimately eat something called "quiche" and feel like a man about it. Although, I did manage to bum a few bites though; manly bites... while growing chest hair, changing a flat tire and storing a pack of cigarettes in a stab wound.The quiche was filled with bacon and floating clouds of cheese that deflated at each bite in the creamy eggs that were next to custard. All bound together with a buttery crust whose flakes found the corners of our mouthes as little reminders of pastry pleasantries for later consumption... OMG, the quiche effect is taking its toll on my writing. HOCKEY, JACKHAMMERS and CHAINSAWS. The omelette pie was sided with a lightly dressed toss of watercress, parsley, shaved cucumbers and dill whose pepper notes cut through the richness.
4	Menu is posted on a board. The food is served mostly tapas style, with plates intended to be shared, about 4 per couple, though there are some main courses as well. The food was tasty and slightly inventive, but certainly not as inventive as Derek's previous restaurant. But it was ever so tasty and good. Calamari was a bit disappointing, but the winter vegetables certainly made up for it. Telescope was needed to read the alcohol menu on the wall from our seats. No reservations, first come, first served. A lovely gastropub choice.
4	There has been much anticipation for Jamie Oliver's 1st foray into the Montreal food scene with Maison Publique, the English pub style joint run by Derek Dammann, his local partner, former sous-chef and formerly of DNA restaurant in Old Montreal. While I had hoped to first experience their dinner service earlier during their opening week, the timing didn't work out. However, I was able to visit for Brunch on their first open Sunday. I was very exciting to see what exactly Derek and co. had in store.The restaurant is located in the heart of plateau Mont Royal in a relatively residential area. The bar dominates the decor and with good reason as it is absolutely beautiful. You also get a nice open view of the kitchen from both inside the restaurant (just outside of the frame to the left) and from the window outside the restaurant. The steady stream of alternative music added to a relaxed friendly and slightly hip vibe.No menus are handed to you here - everything is posted on a board for all to see. Our waitress kindly informed us of this fact and mentioned the few items she had gotten to try... They'd only had one service previous to our visit, so quite understandable. The menu is a nice mix of classic brunch items with some twists, some typical English breakfast items and more eclectic fare. To start off, I ordered the apple strudel. Nice and flaky with a delicious apple filling, it was a good start to the meal.Next up, I ordered the breakfast sandwich. A sausage patty covered with melted cheese, topped with a egg and maple syrup, all between the housemade English muffin. You are left with a very tasty and satisfying sandwich. The English muffin in particular was quite nice.My sister, on the other hand. ordered the pancakes with pear butter and smoked bacon. Very nice and fluffy pancakes, all perfectly cooked. The pear butter was a nice and subtle touch to the dish and the bacon had a great smokiness as you would expect.All in all, a very successful brunch and this was their first weekend. I only except things to get better and better. In general, good brunch places are hard to find so to see a new option enter the scene - especially in my neck of woods - is a wonderful thing. Everyone looking for a great brunch will be in for a great treat if they visit Maison Publique. I hope to have a review of their dinner options shortly - this experience has only made me more eager to come back for more.Cheers!
4	Went here for Brunch on Sunday and it was fantastic. The food was very tasty and filling with portions just the right size. Service was pleasant and the atmosphere quiet and relaxing. Will come back again for sure!
4	I've done breakfast a few times and dinner once and I do enjoy it here.  Food is always a new and fresh experience, and it manages to always surprise the taste buds in a very good way.  Atmosphere is awesome, service is great and I love the originality. It's places like Maison Publique that makes Montreal different and unique. I'd best sum it up as commercial free!
4	I ended up in this lovely establishment as it was situated exactly between two places my friends were staying at for a weekend in Montreal. We knew nothing about the Jamie Oliver connection 'til we got there. it's found right in the Plateau in a super residential area, just a hop skip and jump from Mont Royal Ave and around the corner from Papineau.My friend and I arrived early so we quickly order coffee and split a biscuit. First of all the coffee was awesome - they use 49th parallel beans and the biscuit was divine. Crispy on the outside and flaky and buttery on the outside. The bit that made it beyond the beyond amazing was the jam - rhubarb/strawberry. I understand it's pretty Quebecois and let me tell you pretty freaking delicious. A traditional bruncher, I went for for pancakes and bacon. For 13 bucks you a get a stack of three pancakes and bacon. No maple syrup needed as it was already drizzled for you perfectly. Super filling brekkie as we were on our way to Osheaga and festival food, that said I didn't even finish my last pancake as I was pretty full from the biscuit. My two other friends got the same and loved them too and our other went even more traditional and went for bacon and eggs - also a winner.My only regret was not going for an early morning cocktail - they all looked delicious! I'll definitely be making my way back when I'm in the 514.
3	The Caesar (drink) is hands down the best I've had in the city, maybe ever.   As I watched the bartender (who looks more than a little like Eric Balfour from Six Feet Under) making it, I knew it was going to be good. It was spicyyy, perfectly seasoned and rimmed with...pickling spices, I believe.  It came with a circle of sausage on the rim that was so delicious, It left me wanting more.  The only caveat?  It was $12.00. We also ordered the Clams Casino.. and they were not very good.  My husband had to spit his out into the napkin.  We didn't try anything else, though, which is probably a good thing, because for the clams, caesars and 2 beers our bill was $70.it hurt a little.  but we still talk about that caesar.
4	The food is amazing,  Derek is arguably the best chef in the city. The soft serve is awesome!
4	In August, I was walking with my mom down Marquette to one of my favourite brunch spots, Maison Publique. Before we could see into the full-length window beside the bar, someone in an apron stepped out of the window in front of us. He waved and began picking herbs from the small garden under a tree growing out of the sidewalk. Chef Derek Dammann came into view behind the bar and greeted me with such warmth I was convinced he recognized me from my frequent visits. I introduced him to my mom.The food here is fearlessly rich - they grill their Croque-monsieur in maple syrup. I find most restaurants are too timid with their hollandaise, but Maison Publique's smoked salmon benny has a bright, lemony flavour. The decor of dark wood and brass trimmings creates the feeling of dining on an expensive yacht, many decades in the past.
4	It's small.It feels like a bar/pub.The menu is stapled to a wall.The service is chaotic.I enjoyed 2 out of the 3 dishes I got to try.Dry-cured deer: Tasty, loved the sweet pickled bell-peppers it came with.Welsh rarebit: No. It's essentially greasy cheese on hard bread and that for $8.Pappardelle with boar ragout: Tasty, loved the addition of orange zest.They make ridiculously good Bloody Caesars, spicy flavourful awesomejuice.The only other place that makes a Caesar this good is in buttf*ck nowhere Ontario (Buster's BBQ), so I'm happy to have found this place.I think I'd come back here just to try & share some more of their food, hang out at the bar & fill myself up with spicy goodness (not for brunch though, dinner time only, it just doesn't seem like a brunch type of place to me).
4	Maison Publique is a nice place that is worth a visit.As soon as I arrived, I figured I had cracked the code on why this place (and places like it) find there way on En Route's top 10.Regardless of other factors, the food and layout of the restaurant are unique enough to make a contribution to the restaurant scene. Often, like Maison Publique, the location is just slightly enough off the beaten path to render it a "find". Sometimes En Route restaurants achieve these aims, while failing to please with a complete package of food and service. Maison Publique does better than most.The layout here is classic pub. The ceilings add to the feel that you are in a neighbourhood joint somewhere in Britain.The food is meant to be shared by those at the table. Some dishes (such as the Welsh "Rarebit") were unique, but not to my liking. The beef cheek salad was also creative, but short of delicious.The albacore tuna cru was a tasty tuna app that could easily be shared or reserved for one person. The highlight of the meal was the 65$ steak delmonico which was a large portion that could be a meal for two people by itself. The flavouring on the steak was perfect.Service here is good. They have a nice bar area with ample beer, wine, and cocktail selections.
4	4.5 Stars VIBE Definitely hipster but without trying too hard. Oxymoron? I got a drive here so I'm not sure on the directions but it's definitely a neighbourhood place (yay). At the same time, not sure how accessible by bus/metro it is. So better in summer than in winter? But in winter not as crowded? Regardless, I sat at the bar. It's great. Staff en pointe. It was ideal for one of those leisurely Saturdays. WE ATEWe were here for brunch and it was very chilled out for the time we came. I think it changes all the time but we had: -Granola - hearty size - DC loved it. -Lamb meatballs with hallah and a bit of cheese. Aw, man! So good. Sop up the sauce with the hallah. -Fried potatoes with cheese, mayo and scallions. If I could I would have picked up the plate and just opened my mouth. One of those scrape the sauce off the plate with your hands type of dishes. -Pork (belly) and beans. Yeahhh. It's not healthy but it's all soo good. -Coffee is by Cafe Myriade. Solid. It all cost about $60. So a bit pricey but we had a feast! OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Yeah, I like this maison. I'll be back late night next time but would also love to stroll around this lovely neighbourhood in the warmer months.
1	What a disappointment. If i can give a restaurant zero stars, I would. The menu is confusing and the staff are not helpful. Upon asking more than once (we were a group of 8 and not one of us understood the menu), the answers we were given were vague and not helpful. We were unaware that the plate you chose had NOTHING else on it but what you ordered. For example: you ordered the pork chop, you got a giant pork chop. When I mean giant, I mean it's the size of a Flinstone piece of meat... but be aware that it's tough, fatty and either came over-cooked or raw. Then there was the tuna "plate". Keep in mind you ONLY get the tuna on your plate ... and it was the size of 3-4 sashimi slices. I'm italian; I gotta eat!! Was this an amuse-bouche? NOPE!! that was my meal. Thank god there was Mac and Cheese in my cupboard at home!!!I was utterly disappointed and the staff didn't seem to care to hear how disappointed we were. Considering that it'll cost you about 150$+ for two people (not including wine) I would really recommend taking that cash and going to Pinxto or Quartier General. The only good part about the whole night was that I was in good company.
4	My second dinner here tonight.  The room reminds you of a set in the movies.  Started the evening with a great tequila cocktail.  The menu is on the chalk board along with few specials.  The chicken in the pot is the best dish I've had both times.  Nothing will disappoint you.  Great service, wine and food.
5	Just had my third meal which was a Sunday brunch.  Yum!!!  Love their BLT made with beefsteak tomato, bacon, basil, ranch dressing and more.  The asparagus with an egg was also delicious.  Great bar drinks including a mimosa and a spicy ceasar.  We got around 11AM, and had no trouble getting a table for two...
5	Great vibe! Excellent waitress very helpful with menue selections. In town for business a few days and definitely off the "tourist track." Went there on a Yelp review. Whole baked walleye was magnificent. Great local wines. Highly recommended.
5	Totally fell in love with the homemade strawberry jam here!It is more like a bar than a restaurant, and you can see the chef cooking in front of you if you choose a bar seat. the staffs are nice and friendly.They change their menu according to the food the farm provide to them everyday, but the blood cake is the regular course. it is with high cholesterol and is a little bit oily but somehow very nice with the running egg. the dessert of the day is muffin with cream and strawberry jam. Surprisingly delicious
5	We came here for brunch at the request of a friend. I know the reviews say it can be really good or ok, but I was told it all depends on the crowd. We came here for brunch on a Saturday and it was hands down one of the best brunches I have had. Let's start with the coffee. I've never felt such a lovely jolt from coffee. It was served in a lovely Montreal mug. There was 5 of us who decided to share several dishes. The menu changes regularly, but we got 7 dishes to share and there was not a dish that I'm not still dreaming about several hours and two meals later. My favorite was the pancakes and BLT. I know what your thinking. That's pretty normal bfast food. But, don't be fooled. I don't like sweet foods in the morning, but I was not sure how I could stop eating the pancakes and was a little annoyed I had to share this with others at the table. They were buttery and melted in your mouth. Also they were topped with bacon...mmmmm! The BLT was a delicious beefsteak tomato sliced and sandwiched between the layers was bacon and basil. The dish was then covered in a cream sauce. I will come back here next time I come to Montreal. I might even drive back just for this food:)
5	If you like chain restaurants and think you should have 2 sides with your meal this is not the place for you. They serve small plate style dishes here, everything is a la carte, it best to order to share. Order a few items at a time and they will filter out of the kitchen as they are finished. They will bring it all at once if you request it but frankly that's not the experience you should be after here. The menu is on the wall and changes frequently from the looks of it.Staff was very attentive and helpful as our French is non existent. It was explained that they really try to source from Quebec first, Canada second, and lastly elsewhere. Our evening started off with drinks I had a local beer and my wife a local cidre.  Our waiter explained the specials and the feast commenced. We started off with the stuffed oyster, Lebanese lamb tartare, and Asian style greens. The oyster arrived first and what an oyster, the size of my hand stuffed with onions, herbs, cheese, and more. Very rich and filling as we finished that tartare and greens arrived. The tartare was prepared excellently with middle eastern spice and a tzatziki style sauce. The greens were amazing garlic, chilies, soy sauce, and dry-salted cured pork. Being pleased with everything so far we pressed on wanting to savor every bite our last night out in Montreal. Me moved on to the fried rabbit and clam special. The rabbit was tender and tasty broken down into quarters and lightly fried. The clams came with an amazing broth garlic, chilis, and herbs. Skipping dessert was not an option having seen them go by to other diners as we ate. A seasonal rhubarb parfait was the perfect way to end my meal, my wife couldn't resist the pot de creme, a rich smooth chocolate custard. C'est fini!
1	Who are these people giving five stars to such a horrible restaurant? I almost hope they are tourists. This was in my top five worst restaurant experiences ever. And out of those five it was easily the most expensive.Bad food plus bad service equals horrible experience.If you're considering going to this restaurant please remember that you're in Montreal. Dining options are abound.However if you enjoy a restaurant that runs out of steak at 7:30PM, has a confusing menu, has rude waiters who only want to push the most expensive thing on the menu, if you enjoy a completely raw Porkchop after waiting 90 minutes for it, and then waiting 45 minutes for them to put the exact same piece that you cut into back on the grill before getting it back, and lastly, if you enjoy having a condescending owner tell you that the problem must be you, then this is the restaurant you need to reserve. Shame on you Maison Publique. And shame on Jamie Oliver for attaching your money grubbing name to this crap hole.
1	NEVER GOING BACK.When I made reservations for a group of 9 people, I was told that we would not be able to order a la carte and the staff recommended a family style menu at 70$ a head, not including alcohol or tip.  Once we got to the restaurant, waiter told us that group menus were 55$ a person. Already off to a bad start.If I can resume my experience in 3 statements:-HORRIBLE SERVICE: We were seated at 8:00 pm and only got our first entree around 9:00 pm. We actually waited 30 minutes between each service and the minute I complained about it the food started to magically appear out of the kitchen at a quicker pace. My opinion was that the waiter was trying to get us to spend more money on wine by slowing down the service. Thumbs down.-HORRIBLE AMBIANCE: Music was way too loud, temperature was insanely hot it was a sauna in there. A restaurant that small, packed with that many people and with that kind of ''reputation'' should be able to afford decent air conditioning for clients. I was literally drenched in sweat by the time our main course arrived. Not a pleasant dining experience to say the least.-AVERAGE FOOD: Food was ok but nothing to brag home about, and whoever gave this restaurant anything higher than a 3 star rating must be a tourist. Oh, and get this: the wine list only has CANADIAN WINES. And they're not cheap either. My cousin was visiting from Italy and we wanted to show him a good time on his first night in Montreal, and instead his and my whole family's experience at Maison Publique RUINED our evening. We were so glad to get the bill and get the hell out.Very disappointed and will go out of my way to tell people how horrible this restaurant is.
4	Excellent meal, great service. Did the 7 course tasting menu for $55. Highlights were the giant oyster and the butterscotch dessert. Their house cider was also nice.Would definitely come back for another meal, and would be sure to order those items again.
4	The menu is on the wall with only about a dozen or so items. Even then, there were 3 prospective patrons that stood in front of the menu wall for a good 20 minutes, staring, contemplating, inquiring about items, etc. I found it entertaining...We had a great server who explained the specials and beer list very well. The beer options are not plentiful, but still good craft options.The foie gras mousse was decadent. I should have asked if my friend actually wanted it, instead myself being forced to scarf down two huge scoops of foie.The oysters with tiny pasta was a large and delicious portion.The fried rabbit was unfortunately very over salted. I like salty food, but every small bite of this dish needed a drink of water. Even as a leftover the next day, I tried my best to justify the dish, but it was just verging on inedible.I hate to let one dish completely ruin an experience. I'd give them another shot.
5	Five big stars. Derek and his crew crushed it tonight (and from what I understand, every night) with a menu wide open to the chef's open mind. We said a) we are creative eaters and b) we are hungry. From pasta (sage tagliatelle) to seafood (MONSTER 7 year old oyster) to meat (...lots of meat), it was an awesome meal. Great beers and local wines available; super view of the kitchen, rad music selection courtesy of whoever is picking the music. It was a stunning meal.
1	I will never step foot in this restaurant again thanks to the pretentious douchebag of a dudebro who treated us like he didn't have time to deal with us when we walked in on a Friday night. Who is this guy? His bro chums who were standing around outside smoking got the special bro treatment when they came in, though. I've eaten here for brunch once and had an overpriced sandwich, which was ok, but I thought I'd give it another shot on a weekend night. When we went in and told the dudebro that we'd like to sit and have a drink at the bar (thinking we'd order a small dish to start off) he grunted at my manfriend, "It's NOT a bar." REALLY? You know, considering the fact that I live DIRECTLY across the street from this place and listen to their noisy customers out howling drunkenly on the street many a summer night, it seems ludicrous to slap me with that attitude. Pissing your neighbours off, particularly when you're a restaurant with a bar, in a residential neighbourhood, is probably not a good idea.
