1	As a patient of Dr. Maltais' for the last few years (maybe 2-3 x a year for the last 3-4 years), I can honestly tell you that I would never step foot in their office ever again. It's not that she does a bad job - that is not my reason for 1 star - it's more of sloppy accountability and very poor customer service. On my last visit (which was for an Botox), there was absolutely no clarity between Dr. Maltais and me, the patient, about how many units she was going to do. Dr. Maltais kept referring to a certain number and I was thinking that was the number she was all going to do, just slightly over the number of units I had been doing the last several visits. What SHE had in mind was adding "this number" she was referring to to the number of units I had done in the past. Unbeknownst to me, I ended up with nearly double the number of units I had always been doing! I did not find out what she had done until I went to the front to pay and almost fell over at what they wanted to charge me. I literally bickered back and forth with her staff and when they went to go ask her about it, she and her nurse (who was barely in the room) flat out lied about me being aware of how much was injected. She never even came out to talk to me in person. If I knew, as she had accused me of, would I have been so surprised when I went to pay? Would I, a person who has been a client for a few years always doing the same amount, have protested so profusely for at least 10 minutes? I'm not a cheap person but I certainly wasn't going to pay an extra $150 for a mistake I clearly chalk up to the professional in the room.When I talk about sloppy accountability, what I mean is that there's no checks and balances. Upon discussing in the room about the intended plan/procedure (which is what happens in most cosmetic doctor's offices), both parties should have to sign off on what's being done - imagine that, a mutual, agreeable contract AHEAD of time - so that neither party is left unclear about what's going on. Dr. Maltais is lucky that I didn't report her to the medical board for gross negligence. I'm not okay with double the amount of Botox being injected into my face without my authorization and then the lackadaisical response that I somehow knew what she was doing when I 100% did not. How can she know that when she has no procedure in place to get this documented or authorized in writing prior to the service she is providing?To add insult to injury, there was a complete lack of customer service - there was no apologizing, no trying to settle this fairly, no nothing, especially for a client that had been going there for the last few years and had referred people to them - they told me I owed the whole amount. Their office person literally said to me, "the service was rendered so you owe the amount due." She said this so many times I wanted to slap her. She didn't care that I said that I didn't authorize the service that was rendered. I just think this is extremely poor customer service and not ever worthy of any of my money ever again. As a person who sells a high dollar product for a living, I would have never treated a good customer this way. Maybe I wouldn't have wanted to foot the entire bill for a mistake I made but I certainly wouldn't expect the customer to eat it as they did.To sum it up, I do not question Dr. Maltais' abilities as a doctor but I do question how the business is run and their accountability to run a professional medical business that takes all the proper steps to ensure the safety of their patients, the fairness of their procedures, and the ability of delivering any amount of good customer service. If you do happen to patronize this business, please just make sure that you have EVERYTHING documented in writing ahead of time so that you, too, don't get ripped off.
5	Dr Maltais is a fantastic doctor. I have been seeing her for many years. Her eye for natural beauty is perfectly in-sync with mine and I prefer not to let anyone else work on me. I have sent tons of patients to Dr. Maltais and she has never disappointed any of them. I have since moved out of town but I love her work so much that I will take the time and the extra expense to fly in to see her. It is rare to find a Doctor that you trust that takes the time and the interest in making you look and feel beautiful. Anyone should be confident in going to visit Dr. Maltais and her staff, they are honest, professional and truly understand what natural beauty looks like.
4	I have been a client at this location since it was Dermacare- The Staff has always been attentive and friendly. Dr. Maltais has the experience and knowledge to address any concern or question I may have. No matter what treatment or request I may be interested in, any of the talented staff will make certain what is involved and if it is really necessary. They are there to help you look and feel good, ask questions, they have the info ,certifications and latest technology, products and best services you could ask for in the area.
5	Everyone makes you feel welcomed and calms any nerves you may have. I've seen Dr. Maltais twice and she is fantastic! She will not make you look overdone or look like you've had "work done" If you want a boost in your appearance that looks 100% natural go to Dr. maltais. I've referred a couple of people to her, and they look amazing and totally loved her!
