5	If I win the lottery or somehow encounter a huge sum of money, I will become a member of Silverleaf... that is, if I am invited.The Silverleaf Club is by far, the most beautiful country club I've ever stepped into... I didn't see the entire golf course, but I am sure it is amazing - here are the stats and description: 18-hole, par-72, 7,299-yard course designed by PGA champion and golf course architect Tom Weiskopf.The Silverleaf golf course winds through secluded canyons and valleys of the McDowell Mountains,providing dramatic elevation changes and city views. The Silverleaf Club and Spa (unfortunately, I didn't even get to see the Spa part) is exclusive and membership is by invitation only, it's tied to property ownership, and there are two membership levels - full golf and social.I attended a wedding at The Silverleaf Club this past Saturday night and it was incredibly beautiful.  The ceremony took place at sunset and the colors in the sky combined with the green golf course and red mountains were breathtaking.  There was a tad bit of rain before and after the ceremony and during the middle, we witnessed a rainbow!  The cocktail reception was held outdoors with a full bar and passed appetizers, and then we went inside for dinner and the party - it was a dream and I couldn't be happier for my friends that are now husband and wife.  The Silverleaf Club provided a true fairytale evening that I know I will never forget... and it wasn't even my wedding!
5	My wife and I were married here in October of 2006 and it was as close to a fairytale wedding as possible.  I am pretty sure that we were either the 2nd or 3rd wedding ever held at Silverleaf.  The location, service and staff were all amazing and they have been so ever since.  Food at both the club house and Stone House (after the turn on the golf course) is always fantastic and the specials are fresh and unique.  Home made ice-cream is available in multiple flavors and can also be taken to go!  Their french fries are amazing as well.The best party at Silverleaf was back in '06 (I think) when they put the giant tent up on the hill.  I heard that the tent alone was about $700k.  Tickets were extremely reasonably priced because the event was also being used to market some of the lots for sale in the upper canyon.  Nobody knew who the performers were going to be so when the stage rotated around everyone was surprised to see that Kenny Loggins was performing for this private event.  The food and drinks were fantastic and I have wished that they would throw another over the top party like that again.  Two years later we did go to the spring party to see Earth, Wind and Fire, but it will never be as good as that party on the hill.In the last couple of years the real estate market has taken a big hit. While property might not be selling as well the service at the club has never changed below 'Fantastic'.  It is refreshing to see that the club is being operated in the same fashion and enthusiasm as it was when it first opened.Being a private club does present a challenge for people to experience the location and food.  However, if you are ever presented with the opportunity to go, don't pass it up.
5	Holy cow this place is nice. I have a family member that is fortunate enough to have a limited (non-golf) membership, and I was able to check out the spa on what basically amounts to a one-day guest pass. Based on what I have heard, this place is incredibly expensive to join, and possibly even by invite only. Having actually been inside, I can see why. The clubhouse and spa are simply remarkable. There is also a restaurant/bar. Everywhere you go, your every whim is catered to. All the facilities are top notch and I can only imagine how awesome it would be to have a club like this as a regular place to visit. I have heard that many athletes visit Silverleaf, most often baseball players during Spring Training.I had an amazing massage and my masseuse (can't remember her name) took special care around my injured lower back. After that, we hung out in the bar area for a bit. There seems to be a 1:1 ratio of employees to guests. Do you need anything? Just make eye contact and they will practically read your mind and bring you whatever you want.I can't speak to the women's locker rooms, but I know that the men's lockers have gold plates with engraved names on each locker. I was Mr. "Guest" for the day, yee haw. The showers are crazy awesome (waterfall showers, whoooooo), there are TV's strategically located, and there is even a nice little game room.I heard that there is an exercise facility but I didn't check it out. Too bad too, I might never get the chance to go here again. Oh well, back to the real world now. Like another reviewer mentioned, if I won the lotto I'd try to become a member for sure...
5	We are building a home in this community - after looking all over the country and europe. The reason is the high high high level of excellent service. This is the finest high end community in the United States.
5	The most breathtaking golf club I have ever been too. The food, service and ambiance was stellar.  The spa is modern, spotless, relaxing and just beautiful.  We were actually here for a friends birthday party, so I didn't get to use the spa, but just walking through it was enough to make you dream about it!  The valet doesn't accept tips which is a nice classy touch.  The staff were very nice and happy to help answer any questions you had.
