5	Love, love, love this school!!! 1.)  The teachers love teaching and it shows.2.)  The students love being there, and it shows.3.)  I love the Montessori Method.Since attending MHM my daughter has flourished!  She has become such a well-rounded little girl.  A few weeks ago she was speaking Chinese with the Sushi Chef at dinner (well, she attempted to, but he was Korean & didn't understand her...lol).She has explained in detail the phases of the moon during evening car rides (waning crescent.  She's five!  Did I even learn this stuff in school?)She's been introduced to quiche, hummus & pita bread, green salad, and broccoli cheese soup, just to name a few.  All served family style at lunch time!  I could go on & on....The tuition I'm paying at MHM is not much more than I was paying for daycare, previously...AND my daughter is receiving so much more!  Yoga, Gymnastics, Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Sign Language, Musical Instruments, Nutritious & organic breakfast & lunch.  Not to forget a loving and nurturing environment!  I can't say enough good things about this school.
5	My daughter just loves this school! The staff is well qualified and passionate about their work. I'm so happy to see the progress my child is making. She even cheers when I pull into the parking lot to drop her off
5	Although my kids are constantly getting colds from being in school I guess that's the price you pay for early education. My son is 3 and loves his teachers. He is always asking to go to school. He started at 18 months and it has really boosted his self confidence and learning ability. Our daughter is 1 and is not as much a fan when I drop her off but I can tell that in the past few months she has grown so much. I would definitely recommend this school. It was cheaper than sending them to daycare and they are actually learning something. We are also not a traditional family and have always felt welcome here. Love it!
5	Best school ever!  Ms. Lana loves the children so much and makes sure that they are well cared for at all times.  I would never trust my children's learning in these early years to anyone else.  I cannot recommend this school enough!  If you want to have an intelligent conversation with a three year old and have them taught with compassion and care, then this is the school for you.  It is one of only a few true Montessori schools in town and is absolutely the best!  All four of my children have attended for years-- my only complaint is that they don't go past third grade-- I would keep my kids here forever if it were possible!
5	My 3 year old son has been going here for over a year and loves it.  He gets his backpack in the morning and can't wait to get to school.  He just started preschool and I can tell he is really thriving here.  His teacher Ms. Olga is very nice and seems to really enjoy her job and loves the kids.  I don't mind when my son comes home with paint, glitter and messy clothes because he gets to enjoy doing things that I would rather him not do at home, if you know what I mean.   Any concerns I've had in the past were dealt with swiftly.  They also helped my son with potty training and helped me addressed developmental issues.  One of the owners, Ms. Lana, is usually there in the mornings to greet you and I've never felt like tuition payments came before my child's wellfare like some other schools.
