3	Stopped in for a LARGE iced coffee and a breakfast biscut sandwich.  The iced coffee was much larger than most coffee shops and hit the spot.  The drive thru was busy but the restaurant inside had a small family enjoying breakfast and me.  I found the location to be clean and the service friendly.  Oh yeah and the bacon for my breakfast, real bacon, I'm impressed.
2	Don't like fast food, but sometimes you just have to settle.   They added lettuce when I said not too....  spicy chicken wrap tastes ok for fast food
5	For a Wendy's, I really like this one. Everyone is always really nice to me, and the store is super clean. No complaints.Also, these chains need to start posting their hours!
2	Positive: fast and accurate service. Close to my office. Negative: Nothing ever tastes right. The fries are limp and the frosties have an odd taste and texture. The chili is served the wrong side of warm.
1	Wendy's is no luxury dining experience in any case, but this one is exceptionally bad.  The ketchup dispensers are broken, but the staff doesn't care.  The cashier used more obscenities than I would like my six year old to hear.  The dining area was dirty.   Worn paint and damaged seating everywhere.  The bathrooms have a gas station feel to them.  The food is low quality, even by Wendy's low standards.  If you must eat here, get it drive through and keep your expectations low.
3	Wendy's.It was raining today in Phoenix!  Flatbread sandwich. With medium fries and dp.  Medium is like 20 oz of soda.  I ate the food - it was fast food quality.
3	Thus Wendy's is usually pretty good.  Busy location. The food is always hot and fresh.
3	Always had good food here, just went in for a frosty float and the lady at the window barely spoke to me. I got my order pretty quickly considering the long line ahead of me, but no line is long enough that you can't say thank you or "have a good evening" to a customer.
4	The service was so so so slow.  The cashier was friendly and helpful though.  Tried the pretzel bun cheeseburger.  Was so delicious!  Found out that you can order a pretzel bun on any sandwich for an additional 30 cents.  The frosty is good also!
5	Stopped to get some lunch and added a coffee at the very last minute and they gave me the coffee free.  Service is awesome!
5	Special thanks to Benjamin, who comped us 2 Frostys for the kids when we didn't realize that the ones that normally came with the kids meals counted as a drink. He wouldn't let me pay for them, and he also ran out a sandwich to us so we could start our meal. Great service! The food was good as always! We'll be back when visiting Tempe thanks to Benjamin!
2	I remember going to my first Wendy's, what, a couple of decades ago?  I remember thinking the hamburger tasted just like my mom's.Flash forward to last week, and granted I haven't been to a Wendy's in a very long time... but my order of fast food, was very disappointing.  The fries weren't "like they use to be", my sandwich tasted like McDonalds.This Wendy's, anyway, is a true disappointment , to me, the food is not worth it, the experience is not worth it, the taste and appearance, "not like it use to be"won't be back... probably impacts my opinion of the entire franchise now...
