5	I really enjoyed this place!  Its prices are pretty on par with what you'd expect for a gourmet coffeehouse with some fancy sandwichy things.I got both kinds of chai latte, both of which were served unsweetened (with sugar packets on the saucer).  I've discovered that if you're looking to taste the chai and not just drink some super-sweetened milk with enough tea in it to make it brown enough that they can call it tea, this is much better.  I also ordered a croissant and eventually a panini.  A friend ordered the panini of the day.  Everything that we ordered was good, served in a timely fashion, and not horribly expensive.I think that the best part of the coffeehouse for me was that we were there for quite a while--basically through two meals--and I never felt pressured to get up and leave.  In fact, when I started pulling out all of my notes and books in preparation for spending some time there studying, the waitress came over and pushed another table up to mine so that I didn't have to juggle tea, breakfast, and three books.  My only complaint would be that they sacrificed practicality for presentation when they bought their tea dishes.  Serving hot beverages in a thin glass rather like a wine glass may look just darling but it makes me feel (and look) like a tool to have to wrap it in a napkin and only touch the glass with the tips of my fingers because it's too hot.
5	Coffees, teas, bakery based menu.  Best bagel I ever tasted, and the egg-ham-cheese on it was superb.  Delicious coffee, out of dozens of varieties.  Endless tea choices as well.  Pleasant service and reasonable prices.  What's to not like?
3	When I'm trying a new coffee shop, I'm usually looking about three things. The first one, and the one that makes more sense, is the coffee! The coffee was great, so nothing to say on this.The second thing is, like everywhere else, is the service. I liked this venue as you sit down, and they'll serve you at your table. The service was good, and fast.Last but not least, I'm looking for a computer friendly coffee shop. I won't stop going to a place that is doing a great coffee, if this is not a computer friendly venue, but I may go less often. This one has a lot of seats, and table, but they are lacking of electric outlets. It's a problem if you plan to stay there to get work done. Also, the free wifi was so slow, even with only 3 people connected. I had problem to load simple web pages... By chance I had my Internet USB stick.At the end, it's a good coffee shop, but maybe not the best one if you need Internet (who don't need Internet for their devices today!?), and have a short-life battery for your laptop.
4	Coffee roasted on premises. Perfect!
3	Great coffee menu-tons of options!Lunch menu is typical but decent. Service was slow because they only had one waitress on the patio (minimum 10 tables). She was absolutely lovely and going as quickly as she could, but solely due to the shortness of staff, we waited quite a long time for our menu and order to be taken, and there was obviously no quality check done. Assumed their was adequate staffing, I would definitely visit again for one of their delectable coffee concoctions.
4	Caught in the rain!! We stumbled in here and had a coffee and a lemon tart.  Yum!!  Service was great and we were del get a table.  Didn't eat but the food looked good.
5	Such a great spot for a coffee along St. Denis! I had a coffee outside on the patio, which was a lovely spot to people-watch and enjoy a sunny summer afternoon. Inside there are lots of coffee bean options to bring home and brew yourself. Great atmosphere and high quality coffee.
