1	Horrible food.  I hate to rag this place but...The sushi is "mall-quality."  It's not horrible, but it's just C-level fish.The huge problem is the teppanyaki...just awful.  I ate there over the Christmas holidays.  I love this style of cooking and it's kinda hard to screw it up.  Here's how Kabuto managed:-  The chicken was so salty it was inedible.  I ate 3 bites and had a headache for the rest of the evening (and I like a lot of salt and seasoning).-  I also had a problem that neither the cook or the server questioned if there was a problem with the food since I hardly touched my chicken.  They probably didn't notice since...-  The cook just GLOPS piles of noodles and rice on your plate (and on the table) like he was slopping hogs!  Only a 3 year old could be comfortable eating here.  Just crap.-  I didn't say anything because my relatives have friends who work there.  If not for this, I'd have talked to the manager.  The food was awful and the presentation was worse.-  Our cook even screwed up the "onion volcano"...first time I've ever seen this botched.-  Kabutos wasn't always bad.  I used to eat there every few months back in the 90's (before I moved away).  It's really gone downhill.  They now serve mostly rice and (now) noodles, and only a few bites of vegetables...all of which are completely over-seasoned.  I honestly think the cook just doesn't know any better.
3	My kids love this place and judging by the number of other families in the place their kids love it to. We usually split the meals between the kids and my wife and I split also. They give you so much food you can never eat it all. We've asked for special order food here before (due to food allergies) and they have bent over backwards for us. If you are looking for high end sushi or Japanese food this isn't your place. I'd say it is a nice place to take your kids, they get entertained by the chef while mom and dad eat in peace (at least as much as you can get).This resturant is right behind a highshool field so watch out if it is a game night parking can get crazy.
4	My closest sushi is complemented by a neighborhood friendliness in the staff that makes the environment a great meal.I've never received an order of sushi from the chef, in either take-out or at the bar service that wasn't followed up with friendly care and conversation.  I even feel guilty that I can't recall his name tonight.  In today's post-modern chill, Kabuto staff works to keep a neighborhood feel at the sushi bar, and congenial conversation if you're looking for it.  I've always been pleased with the sushi, as well as treated to a few of the chef's off-menu creations every once in a while.  To most establishments the art of service is lost, here it is practiced with Eastern respect.
4	Our favorite sushi restaurant in Charlotte, by far.  You can waste your money at all of the chi-chi, trendy joints in town - or you can go to kabuto, where the sushi is delicious (and cheap!)
2	I have to rate Kabuto on the level of all the other places in charlotte and surrounding and it certainly does not match up well at all . I did try their sushi and the teppanyaki. The sushi was basically grocery store level maybe even worse and the teppanyaki was overly salty. The quality of all there food simply was not there. They did put on a decent show though and I would recommend it for families with kids or if you live near by and do not want to travel to the other better places. Other than that they have similar prices to other places so it is a waste of your money.
1	The japanese food here is nasty compare to other places in Charlotte. I've been here a couple of times with my co workers, but what really irks me about this place was the other week I was craving for Japanese food so I order a TO-GO plate to pick up for lunch. How about they charge a 15% TO-GO gratitude!!! You heard that right. I've never seen such a place charged you for tip when you aren't even sitting in there asking for service. My to go meal ended up being $16 bucks after taxes and tip. On top of that the fried rice was bland, its basically just cook in tons of butter. The meat were tasteless and dry and so were the veggies! They definately won't be getting my business again!!
3	I've been to the University area and Tyvola locations and this year we tried this one for my oldest sisters birthday dinner with the fam.  I found a buy 1 get 1/2 off coupon online and brought it with me.  It was pretty empty at 5:30 on a Wednesday, so no trouble getting a table and we were sat right away.Our server was nice and he got our drink order and soups our right away.  Had some mai tai's to start, sooo strong it took me the whole dinner to drink mine.  we all pretty much got shrimp and it was fishy, should have gotten the jumbo shrimp which is what they used for the shrimp appetizer.  Everything else was pretty good though, love the veggies and they give you noodles in addition to rice here.  I only wish they did the sprouts here, I love sprouts!!Our chef was done really fast since we had all shrimp and 1 rare steak.  The server at one point asked whose birthday it was and then that was it, not even an offer if any of us wanted dessert, just gave us the check.  No big deal since we were stuffed, but different from any other Japanese steak house I've been to where they usually sing and give a complimentary dessert.  Oh well it was still a decent reasonably priced meal and the nephews love it so I'm sure we'll be back for her bday next year!
4	i like this place alot. Nice cooks, host. i've been to this location, the university and tyvola.... something about THIS place that makes me come back.. (maybe b/c it was my 1st... awwww ain't that sweet)like TRACY D. i printed off the same coupon a few times before and it worked w/o a hitch. i didn't get the "hoollll brother, her's a cheap skate" look. (i just printed off a coupon yesterday 11/16 before I posted this.. ain't that a co-inky-dink!i do wanna try to bar, and just do some sushi and saki. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Go, Try it, Have fun.. take the kids too. It will be a good expierence for them.
4	after my Liquid Diet at Mellow Mushroom and STILL craving Sushi, I drove North Up Johnston Rd to this location. Walked to the "bar" and had 5 different kinds of sushi:Yakitori - (Chicken and scallion skewers grilled with teriyaki sauce)Dilworth (Salmon, Crab, Masago, Breaded, Fried, Rerolled w/rice)Kabuto (Shrimp, Cucumber, Masago, Shitake Mushroom)Rainbow (Crab, Avocado, Cucumber, Tuna, Salmon, Whitefish)Salmon Crunchy Roll (Salmon & Crab lightly deep fried w/ panko (bread crumbs)Arigato Kabuto's....... Arigato!!
3	Kabuto is your run-of-the-mill Japanese Steakhouse. Different stations with chefs slinging shrimp tails around the communal dining areas like it's a lunchtime magic show. Always a plethora of laughs and gags going around the group. This place is great for lunch. $9 and 30 minutes and you're out the door. Uhhh...If I'm craving a salad with ginger dressing, which I always am, (you do too. admit it) fried rice, steak, shrimp and white sauce (DUDE) then Kabuto is king of lunch options in my book. Always super clean and full of kindhearted staff. The parking lot is super difficult to get in and out of though. 51 traffic at lunch is a beast. Good luck getting stuck behind someone trying to cut across traffic at 12pm on a weekday. It's murder. This place would greatly benefit from another exit/entrance or a stoplight. Here's hoping....You can't really shake a stick at balanced lunch when you can have soup or a salad, veggies, fried rice and a choice of a protein for under $10 and be back out the door and headed back to the office or meeting. Glad to see these guys have taken this into account. Though, you should know that the $10 offering mostly comes in the protein department. Some may require more steak or chicken, which can be sparse. Service is always quick and friendly. They do a wonderful job of memorizing orders. Rarely has it come to pass that my order has been mal-delivered. Quick on refills and I love that they always offer a to-go beverage. "Why, yes! I would love a diet coke to go! How thoughtful!" Pretty much always my thought process. This place also does full dinner options and has sushi. Neither of which I have tried to date, but would happily oblige if the option was presented. Thanks for the quick and entertaining lunch/service, Kabuto!
3	Let's start with the good things about this place.  The theatrics by the cooking staff is great.  They talk to each other, crack jokes, and have a great time doing what they do.  It would be a great place to take your kids.  There were a lot of young well behaved children there enjoying themselves when I went there for dinner.  There is also a little Koi pond with a bridge that you walk over when you head to the Hibachi grills.  The quality of the food at Kabuto is about average.  One thing that was a little disappointing, was the portions.  Even though I was the only one at the table to finish their meal, I feel that at similar restaurants I have gotten larger portions.  Lunch time is a lot lighter as well, but for about $9 you get a protein and two sides.  They say that they will get you in and out in 30 minutes for lunch.  Sometimes this will happen and sometimes it will not.  Another thing I should mention is that I got a 22oz Kirin that was past it's "enjoy by" date.  Not far enough where I wanted to fuss but I would probably will stick to more common beers there (you would think that would be common).
2	Kabuto is one of those places I can come once a year and be done with it. Average Japanese Steakhouse experience.  The service is friendly and the food is good but it's just not as amazing of an experience as it would seem. The bar drinks are not very innovative and are just sugary mixers and liquor. The kids do enjoy the 'spectacle' of the noise and cooking but once it's over everyone is just sitting there eating around a huge table.
2	Initial reaction upon walking in - in need of renovation.   I decided to stay as my daughter had never been to this type of restaurant.   Staff was very friendly (hostess, waitress and chef).   I found the food to be good but expensive for what you get.   Ice berg lettuce salad was very disappointing.    Most importantly, I was not comfortable with the cleanliness of the restaurant (under table, under and around stove they cook on).     I won't be back.   If they totally renovate I might give it one more try
2	Well it's not the place it use to be. We went there for my birthday per the kids request and we had the typical experience which was a lot of banging, a lot of yelling and a lot of fire. I can understand why kids love this place, me not so much. I use to enjoy their food back in the day but now you don't get nearly the amount you use to get and what is with "Japanese Katsup?" That stuff is nasty. Didn't they use to give you two sauces? I had to ask for something different and truth be told that sauce wasn't much better and the chef seemed upset with me when I told him I wasn't a fan of the Japanese Katsup. Dude get over it and go make your ring of fire. The food was MEH. Miso soup which really was chix broth with a little (and I stress little) sliced scallion and 2 thin slices of mushrooms, a salad which was Iceberg (BLEH) and their famous Ginger dressing, which I do admit, I like.The entrees were MEH as well. I had the fillet, scallops and shrimp. My husband had the fillet and lobster. Our steaks were cooked perfectly but I think the chef was upset at the seafood because he MURDERED it. Every piece of seafood was so overcooked, it was like we had the fillet with rubber bands. I understand you want to put on a show but can you at least do it with the zucchini and leave the seafood be?That evening my son and I had some sushi as well and I will say the fish was VERY fresh. Had I known the chef was going to incinerate my entree, I would have just stuck with the sushi.
5	Excellent food and service. The staff is very friendly and make you feel like home. I will recommend this please.
1	If it were possible to give a restaurant a negative rating, this establishment would receive it.  My family and I have frequented Kabuto for years, but it has deteriorated so significantly we will never return.  The restaurant is run down, and not cleaned thoroughly.  On our trip tonight my four year old asked why it smelled bad when walking in the door.  The quality of the food has substantially gone down while the prices have increased.  The vegetables on the hibachi were not done at all, while the steak I ordered had a rancid taste.  When I complained the "owner" started raising her voice at me in front of my young daughter and three other family members screaming that she would not allow me to say the steak I had been served was spoiled.  There is a reason this restaurant is having to run specials on a large plastic sign out front, and why the last time we visited there was only one other table in the entire restaurant.  It is very sad to watch a once good local establishment run into the ground.
2	I remember coming to Kabuto and the chefs would actually entertain you - no matter how old you are. Nowadays, you can't get them to smile at you. I went to lunch with my mother earlier this week and we were appalled at how bad the customer service was. They close at 2pm and as mom and I walked in at 1:15, the hostess assumed we would have the express. We told her we were having the regular hibachi. Little did we know, she would sit us down with a group that had already ordered their food and the chef was just starting to cook! There were plenty of empty seats on the other grill, and not to mention, since it was only 1:15 of course there were more patrons coming in! The chef had to stop what he was doing several times to ask the waitress if she could take our orders, and help out like she's suppose to. That is not cool. Also, if it's 1:50p and you have patrons coming to your restaurant, you shouldn't have to hurry them out of the door either. I don't like being rushed through my lunch so that you can have 2 or 3 hours to clean or do whatever you do before dinner. When 2:00p rolls around, just lock the door and as patrons leave, just escort them out and lock the door as they leave. It's that simple. We do it all the time in retail. I would give Kabuto at least a 4 rating, but I would highly recommend that they work on their customer service first. Hopefully, when I see better results from other patrons on here, I'll be back.
3	Not my favorite experience at a Japanese Steakhouse. My food was good-- not phenomenal, but good. My waiter was relatively inattentive (and spoke limited English), and thus, got my order wrong; thankfully, everything is made in front of you, so this was fixed and I enjoyed my filet and lobster as ordered. That stated, this place is just too loud (and I'm eighteen, so that says a lot), and the service feels rushed.My suggestion? Go to the Nakato down the road.
5	This is my favorite hibachi place. When we started going to this location over 3 years ago, we only went once in a while for a nice fun dinner. Eventually, we learned about their express lunch special which made it affordable for us to go a lot more often! For the express lunch, you will get smaller portions than you do at dinner, but you're paying less, too. I, for one, love the express lunch portions because they're perfect for me! I can rarely clean my plate of all of the food at a full dinner. As with any place, you never know who you're going to get as a chef. Some of the chefs are laid back and fun to casually chat with or joke with while they prepare your food. Some go through the motions of the showmanship and some simply come, cook, and leave. I will admit that the express lunch service hasn't been as efficient lately as it's been in the past (it used to be seated, orders, food, check, out and now has a lot of down time and waiting). Sometimes you'll go a while without a drink refill which is a bit of a pain with how small the glasses are and how much ice is in them. Sometimes it gets difficult to flag someone down. You can still be in and out in about 45-60 mins which isn't bad for a freshly-cooked lunch mid-workday. We hope to be checking out the fairly new express dinner next week as we'll have family in town who will be on a budget.Tip: If you get your salad with ginger dressing, hold on to your bowl when you're done and dip your meats in the ginger dressing. It's tasty.Tip: Chopsticks and ginger dipping sauce must be asked for. You will only be provided with one sauce instead of the two that most other places provide.Tip: If you are having trouble flagging someone down, (nicely) tell your chef what you need. The waitstaff are quick to respond to a request from the chef and they're usually a lot better at getting the attention of the runners.
2	Oh no, Kabuto.  Went with BF's family for a family celebration.  We had reserved the large room for our group.  When we arrived, we were told by the hostesses to wait to speak with the manager.  The bedraggled manager plodded over and informed us that the room had been mistakenly double-booked and another party had already been seated in the room.  She tried for about 25 seconds to be pleasant and apologetic, but then her willingness to make her customers happy wore thin.  She harumphed and threw her hands in the air while saying, "We made a mistake.  What do you want us to do?"  Well, I definitely want you to learn how to act like a professional.We declined being seated amongst the party in the large room and took one of the tables in the middle of the dining room.  The place was shabby and the floor was filthy.  I mean, I typically wouldn't notice, because I'm not looking at the floor, but it was noticeably dirty.  The food was average.  The one highlight: the chef was professional, light-hearted and entertaining.  He couldn't save the day, though.  I would not return, and I cannot recommend.
4	We enjoyed a nice dinner. My goddaughters and I love going here. The service and food were excellent. The chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it. Very nice evening!
3	My experience was okay.  Hibachi meals are not my favorite, but my 9 yr old date was the boss, so hibachi it was!  After a previous disappointing experience at Nakato, I chose Kabuto.The interior feels sort of uninspired, but I didn't notice that it was unclean. The menu seems a bit more limited than other hibachi grills, but there were still plenty of choices.  In the end, it was all pretty standard - watery soup, iceberg with ginger dressing (although they do give you the choice of ranch), veggies, noodles, rice and protein.  The white sauce was good.  No ginger sauce - that was disappointing!  The chef was fine, he was good with the kids at our table, but not as friendly with the adults.  Our server was excellent though!  She was very efficient and attentive.For two of us (adult and one child), the bill with tip was over $40, which I am frugal enough to feel entitles me to a really great meal.  Kabuto was just okay though.
4	It was a very fun experience.  The food was good, fast and lots of it!  Took my mother in law for her Bday so that it was something different that normal steak house.  The chef was somewhat entertaining, but not near us much as some other places that I have experienced.  We were there for Lunch and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food that we received.  However, I would have been disappointed to receive the same amount for the much higher dinner prices.
4	Food is great the only bad part of the experience is the hostess. My party of four called to make a reservation over the phone and they agreed to a certain time and when we arrived they said they didn't have our parties name written down. So we were forced to wait 20minutes until they made room for a simple party of four...soooo unprofessional
1	Biggest disappointment after years of eating at Kabuto. We sat at the front table and ordered sushi. While the hibachi area was packed we did not anticipate a long wait for sushi.   The server took our order and never came back.  We ordered a few rolls and they slowly started coming after a 45 minute wait. The manager apologized but very insincerely. I believe he is a sushi chef and certainly lacks management skills. The final roll came 50 minutes after we first ordered and it was wrong not once but twice.  Very disappointed and will be hesitant to go back - at least on a Sunday night with an inexperienced staff.
2	I went here with a couple of friends a while ago and honestly everything was mediocre at best. For the price, quality, and quantity there's a similar restaurant nearby that's way better. The service wasn't bad, and the presentation was typical. Just nothing special. I have no specific complaints, but nothing to brag about or remember, either.
4	Went there with my three children all under the age of 7 and our friends family with their children. The entertain was great for the kids and the chef was very interactive and engaged the children. There was a lot of yelling and shouting from other tables, so it was hard for the adults to talk. The food was great.
4	When we came to Kabuto for lunch on Saturday we had in tow a couple of sad kids who had just been dealt a little bad news.  So we drove to one Japanese steak house for lunch; closed until 5:00.  Looking on our phones for a new place to go, we found Kabuto.  We got there just in time to take advantage of the lunch menu.  The kids had a ball, and very soon their troubles were far behind them.  Our chef made them laugh, and they devoured their meal.  Truthfully, I've had better Hibachi.  It was really good food, but I have had better in comparison to other places.  But when my little ones go into a restaurant with frowns on their faces and come out laughing and happy, I gotta give the place credit.  We'll definitely be back.  It was an enjoyable experience!
4	Love the Hibachi chicken, comes with two jumbo shrimp, soup, salad, noodles, rice and vegetables!!! Took some home!
2	First off, I sat in the sushi bar area. I have not eaten in the dinner area yet. So my opinion is solely based off of the sushi bar area. This place is mediocre at best, the tofu was ok, a little blane. Disappointed in the miso soup, it had this weird taste that I can't quite place. The sushi was pretty good for the most part. Almost everything had cream cheese in it, I do not like cream cheese in my sushi and had to ask for it without. The server took forever at first but was friendly; the sushi chefs were very nice and friendly as well. I probably won't come back to eat but it was ok to try at least once. I just know better sushi places. They had a crappy and small sake selection and their cheapest bottle was 18. I didn't even bother to get anything; I love sake and I always get it. Most of the time I can find something I like but they just had such a little selection of nothing good. Also I had to get a new soy sauce bowl. The one I had was dirty. I feel you should pay more attention to that. This place is ok. I don't know how the dinner part is but after my experience I have low expectations of it.
