5	Great, great massage and energy therapy services here!Anita T and M & B Energetics provide a truly exceptional healing and relaxing experience.  I have been receiving regular massages from Anita for quite some time and her attention to detail and knowledge of the healing process has helped me and my body immensely. She offers great deals and is very reasonably priced given the absolute quality of her treatments. I highly recommend her and her services! I can gladly say that she has provided me with the best massage experience I have ever had. She also is high skilled in various forms of energy work and reiki.Enjoy!!!
5	I've had the opportunity to work with various healers and massage therapists over the years and with Anita, I can truly say there is something really unique and special about her approach. Her touch is instantaneously healing and she is extremely gifted and intuitive. With every session, I can feel her clearing the energy blockages from my body and I always leave feeling at peace and illuminated.  She is beautiful and soulful and it is reflected in her caring nature towards her clients.
5	I had my first reiki session @ Mind & Body Energetics and it was truly an out of body experience. From the very start I was made to feel comfortable, relaxed, and at peace. It turned out to be a session where I found answers I was seeking and a peace within me. Id like to thank Anita for her professionalism, her energy, and especially her innate ability to assist in healing. I couldnt have asked for a better therapist, Anita really is the best.
5	Anita is a truly gifted healer and massage therapist.  She has been working on my mother, who has chronic nerve pain, arthritis, and carpal tunnel.  Anita is truly her saving grace and is bringing her great healing and comfort.  I visited her for the first time today and also found her to be one of those rare therapists who intuitively senses right away which parts of our body need work and attention.  She is so talented in her craft, and I felt so much better afterwards.  She is a kind spirit and a special therapist.  Highly recommend!
