4	I will stick to the quality of food because that is what I believe I am best at rating.  Everything was prepared well and my ribeye was 'medium' as promised.  Some of the sides were better than others and the appetizers were tasty.  That being said, this restaurant would not make the top of my list as far as steaks in Charlotte go.  Del Frisco's takes top honors, followed by Capital Grille and Ruth's.  This place isn't far behind.
4	Walked in with no reservation and we were seated straight away.  It was a little before the normal dinner crowd which might explain the no waiting.   Everything is a la carte so for the main course I ordered a petite fillet and my wife ordered a seared Tuna mignon au poivre with tomato sherry vinaigrette, we also ordered the Flemings potatoes which turned out to be scalloped potatoes.   The steak and the potatoes were done perfectly, however the Tuna was not what we expected.  I would not call it seared as much as I would say it waved hello at a pan on its way to the plate.  The entire thing was really cold - not cool - cold and the vinaigrette was over powering.   We sent it back with the same comments and asked for the topping on the side the next time which really helped.  Even the second time around the tuna could have been warmer but it had very good taste.  Entire meal with a couple of drinks was $130ish.  With it all said and done I would go back with no hesitation.
4	4.5?OK. I am always looking for a bargain so when I saw gift cards at Costco ($80 for 2-$50 gift cards), I decided to try this place. The decor of this upscale restaurant was very warm and comfortable and unpretentious (so I was told by my sister who says she felt out of place at the Capital Grille in Charlotte). We came on a Tuesday evening before New Years so the place seemed very empty. The free valet was great (especially when it cost $10 to park in the near garage). My husband ordered a martini which he claimed to be the best he had in memory (and I know he is picky because years ago I served him a martini that he sent back). We complimented the bartender and she asked us to stop by the bar for an after dinner drink. For dinner, we ordered the cold seafood tower for two as an appetizer. This is the one reason why I did not give this place a 5-star. Although the presentation was beautiful, for $50 it was a bit of a rip-off. The crab legs, claws, lobster and shrimp were flavorless. I realize that it is difficult to get fresh seafood so far away from the coast, but for such a nice restaurant, they could have done better or taken it off the menu. The menu was simple and the wine list long. We ordered the lamb chops, bone-in ribeye and bone-in NY strip. When we got our plates, we were amazed at how large the pieces of meat were. The lamb and steaks were cooked perfectly medium-rare. This is the best steak that I can remember--and I eat steaks very often. The meat was tender, seasoned perfectly, and had a nice crust on them. We also ordered the sauteed mushrooms, which were fine--nothing more to say about it. And then the onion rings...... Oh the onions rings, were so delicious--I have a weakness for all things fried. The rings were cut rather large (3/4" or so) so the onion still had good texture and the breading was crisp and light. It was an excellent balance of onion and breading. Over-stuffed, we were unable to eat desserts so we headed to the bar to see the bartender. Although the dinning room was rather empty, the bar was packed and very lively. To our surprise, the bartender really hooked us up with our drinks. Overall, not cheap, not fancy, but a great dining experience. I can't wait for them to open in the Domain in Austin, TX.
4	Good substitute to Morton's or Ruth Chris-try the mac and cheese- seriously.
5	This is a great Steak house with wonderful service. We have been often and like it much better than the others in town. The staff at the bar are all friendly and we have our favorite waiter and waitress for the dining room. They always make us feel like our business is appreciated. The tomatoes and mozerella salad is really good. The steaks are super and the lemon pie is a great light finisher. They work hard to earn my business and I appreciate that. Easy valet right outside and fun to walk around Epicenter after.
5	Great food. Attentive service. Elegant, cozy atmosphere. What else could one want? Highly recommend it.
3	My wife and I had a gift card and so we tried it. I had the rack of lamb and it was cooked properly, the quality of the meat was good and the taste on the mark. My wife is a Vegetarian and there were no choices for her at all. We sort of expected this so it's not factored into the rating.The wine selection is quite good. Lots of wine by the glass too which is cool because you don't have to commit to an extremely over priced bottle.The sides were over cooked and drowned in butter.On a whole - this place was OK. My opinion is that Ruth's Chris is a little bit better. I guess I may be picky but I still prefer my back yard and a bottle of wine over the false sense of entitlement that fills the air of these restaurants.
5	been traveling a lot for business and north carolina was one the stops.  the downtown section here was pretty pleasant and yes, there was quite a few college folks walking around hitting the happy hour clubs after work.  business travel is funny.  not nearly as glamourous as you might think.  that's why people that have to travel 60-90% for work automatically get a 40% salary increase over the stationary people.  if you want to brag about your salary, go shine shoes for a consulting company that will send you all over the place to do whatever and probably they will pay you $140K / year to do almost anything as long as you do it out of a suitcase Mon-Fri. but i digress.we have no idea where to eat and were about to walk right by the non-descript and none-to-impressive from the outside, Flemings. until one other traveler, that comes to charlotte a lot, said the place we're standing in front of is one of the best in the whole area. flemings.  so we say, 'what the heck' and go inside.  we are immediately impressed and happy with the decision.  it's packed and the place is decked out to the tunes of millions (at least if it were california).  bar area was beautiful, dining area was impressive. the wait was only about 15 minutes. the wine list was very nice. the bartender gave us a couple fine glasses of red.  we were sat somewhat quickly. i'm not a massive red meat eater but my filet mignon was really flavorful. the sides that came with it were perfect without being too big. ask the waiter on what's the best to go with each entree.  we had to coffee and port before heading out to our next destination, but the meal here was fantastic and we can definitely see this place being a regular visit when we're in town.
3	Traveling to Charlotte for the first time as an exhibitor, decided to make Flemings one of the restaurant to take my reps, since we had Mortons already. My overall experience was ok, the bone in rib eye although was good but not what i expect from a 5 Star establishment, it felt more chain like than i hoped for compared to other nice steak house. All around the atmosphere was good the service was great and the company of course is the most important. I most likely would not come again since there are so many other great steak house to choose from.
4	Fleming's Steakhouse is a classy place.  The wait staff are very professional.  The food is expensive, but the New York Strip was the best I've ever had.  The baked potato was cooked to perfection.  We were not dressed for Fleming's, but were not made to feel out of place.
4	Flemmings was very tasty. It is one of my favorite steaks in Charlotte. They dont blacken the top under a broiler (like a lot of other steak places. I'm not fond of the top charing), instead it is a nice crispy dark brown. The steak was perfectly cooked for me. I'm a rare person and it had just enough cold in the middle to make me happy. I also liked their take on the classic potatoes gratain. The Chedder and Jalapeno was a welcome change from the normal gruyere and nutmeg flavor.
3	Charlotte has a pretty good selection of Steakhouses; Flemmings is just one example.  Flemmings is a pretty classy place with the prices to match it.  It was pretty busy the night we stopped in there so clearly it much be popular amongst both the locals and the business travelers.  The service was pretty good and professional.  The food was very good, but it should be based on the prices.  Given the choice I would probably try the Capital Grille.
4	I'm not a Fleming's newbie.   I've visited their La Jolla, Woodland Hills, and Walnut Creek locations (all in California) numerous times and have always had a wonderful experience.   When I saw that there was a Fleming's right across from my hotel, I made sure to dine here at the first opportunity.Being by myself, I opted to sit at the bar and started off with a Fleming's Classic Martini.   I sipped merrily on my cocktail while perusing their menu and honed in pretty quickly on the lamb chops and their Chipotle Mac & Cheese.The food arrived actually right as I took my last sip of martini.   Having ordered a beautiful meal, I figured I'd accompany it with a nice glass of red wine and I ordered a glass of Hall Cabernet at 18 dollars  (I know, ouch!)   Here's where they lost that 5th star:  they brought me a carafe and poured me the glass of red wine but I never actually got to see the bottle of Hall.    Now that's not saying that they totally gave me some cheap red wine instead of what I ordered.   While my palate isn't so sophisticated I certainly am able to tell the difference between swill and more elegant vintages.   Nevertheless, if I'm going to venture out and blow almost 20 bucks for a *glass* of wine, show me the bottle, will ya?The meal was lovely and the wine paired well with the lamb and Mac & Cheese.   I stuffed my face, royally and had a wonderful meal.   Most certainly I would come back in a heartbeat.    I actually had to laugh at some point when I looked down the bar and realized I was the only person there drinking wine.   Everybody had a glass of bourbon, or some martini or other, and that includes the few people that, like me, had opted to dine at the bar.     What's the dead giveaway that there's a Northern California in your restaurant, I chuckled to myself?   Look for the guy who's sitting at the bar, eating lamb chops and drinking a glass of red wine.    Classic!
3	I'll admit it, I love steak. I could never, ever, survive as a vegetarian. So, naturally I was super excited to try Fleming's during Charlotte Restaurant Week and perhaps add them to my Charlotte "steak place repertoire." Many, and I mean, many of my buds in Charlotte crush hard on Fleming's, but I'm really bummed to say that I just don't share in the love nearly as much.Fleming's inside is lovely, a dimly lit and posh-like restaurant with a lovely bar and comfy seats. Fleming's also has one of the most impressive wine by the glass menus I've ever seen. They have roughly 100 wines by the glass and most of them are fairly priced.I'll throw it out there right now that our server was friendly but a little distant, as he seemed a bit frazzled with his customers. I can only assume that Restaurant Week certainly made things busy for them. On to the food. Here is how it panned out. Bread: Fleming's offers two (tasty) spreads, feta cheese spread with chives, roasted red pepper spread. Yum.Caesar Salad: Super fresh romaine with a healthy amount of Parmesan cheese shavings. However, the dressing was way too anchovy infused for my liking. That's just my preference though and I know that is a traditional Caesar, it was just too strong for me.*Hubs and I split our main courses when they came to the table to create our own surf and turf. Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes*: A generous portion of three jumbo crab cakes set with a side of remoulade. These cakes looked really, really pretty when they were placed in front of me. However, when I dove in I was a little disappointed. They were a bit fishy and a bit bland. I was looking for more spice, more pizazz, more POW. They just didn't do it for me.Filet Mignon*: A beautiful piece of steak, but it came out a little undercooked for a medium (one side was a little purple-y), but hubs didn't care, he ate that side. While the meat was delicious, it was way over salted - to the point I had to chug down water because of the coarse salt I just rolled over my taste buds. Sides: First up, Fleming's Potatoes, the star of the night. A big block of potato stuffed with jalapeno cheese and covered in cheddar cheese. Unhealthy? Oh yes. Delicious? Absolutely. We also ordered the asparagus which was just fine. **Hubs and I also split our two desserts. Desserts**: Cheesecake with Berry Sauce and Chocolate Mousse. I was delighted that the servers bring out delish Chantilly cream with every dessert. That's a nice touch. Overall, these desserts were good but not great. Nothing really to write home about - the chocolate mousse was a bit bland and one note, and I am a chocolate fiend. However, the cheesecake was rich and well made. So, overall, I really wanted to add Fleming's into my steak house rotation, but based on this meal I just don't think it's going to happen. Maybe it was the rush of Restaurant Week or the late dining time we arrived for, but it just didn't live up to its hype. It wasn't a "bad" meal, it just didn't knock my socks off.There are so many other fab steak joints in Charlotte that my taste buds and belly prefer to frequent.
5	One of my favorite steakhouses in the city. Been to ruth cris, been to del friscos, morton's ect but out of all of them flemings does it right. Some of the best side dishes, lobster mac and cheese, garlic potatoes both very good.  Hip location to in the epicenter.
4	One word, lobster mac and cheese!!! YUM... ok that was three words but you got the idea. My hubby does not eat red meat so he was able to find an awesome chicken dish that was flavorful and oddly enough I didn't even get a steak, I got the scallops and....YUM.  Ok so I guess now I have to go back and actually get a steak but the calamari was excellent, our salads were fresh, the sides were delish so if you are looking for a steak review....this ain't it! :) But if everything else is so good I am sure it's safe to say they can prob prepare a steak 8-)
5	Another chain steak house... Woopdeedoo... Actually, this place had the best peppercorn NY strip that I've ever had. Their F17 sauce (?sp) to accompany it was outstanding. Pair it with a blue cheese wedge salad and finish with a glass of Justin 2008 cabernet and it's absolute heaven. Oh, and the decor ain't bad either.
4	This was my first time going to Flemings and I ending up eating there 2 times in the 3 nights I was in Charlotte.  As total food snob from San Francisco, there are very few memorable meals in Charlotte.  Flemings was a total surprise and made me thing otherwise.  The porcini mushroom ravioli appetizer with a salad was a great light dinner one night - paired with a yummy Spanish white wine.  The 2nd meal was on a very crowded night and we were a group of 10.  For someone who rarely eats beef I went all out and orderd the NY Strip steak.  It was really good.  Our waiter gave us a thorough analysis of all the types of steaks and recommendations on how to have them prepared for the best flavor - very helfpul.  I will go back to Flemings my next trip for sure.  I can't say the same for the other restuarants I have tried in Charlotte.
3	Flemings is another chain that made it's way into Epicentre. I like the ambiance upon entering, and the staff is pretty good. The bar area is a little small for my liking with the bar booth right up to the bar. If it's a slow night, not a big deal, but if the bar is 2-3 deep, eating in the bar area may be a little cramped. Hit this up on a recent restaurant week, and it was good, but I wasn't overwhelmed. I'd make the excuse of restaurant week, but some restaurants really step it up and make sure their customers leave wanting come back for more and spend the $$$. Flemings didn't do that for me, though I will be back to try the full menu. Loved the bread and spread choices! Steak was cooked through nice for me, but was over seasoned, which made my water go away fast. Jalapeno potatoes were good and went bye-bye fast. Enjoyed the cheesecake for dessert, though the 2nd one we had...mousse, was so-so.
4	Stopped by Fleming's white staying in the Aloft hotel.  The staff is very friendly, and insists on calling you by name.  I started with a tomato and mozzarella salad, which is very hard to mess up, so it was very good.  Then I had the bone-in ribeye, with sides of fleming's potatoes (au gratin with cheddar and jalapenos) and sauteed spinach.  The steak quality is excellent, perfectly cooked and very tender.  The sides were also done very nicely.  For dessert I had the lemon gingersnap pie, which was also very good.  But the most impressive thing about Fleming's was the service.  Immediately after placing our orders, it seems like the waiter just walked back into the kitchen and grabbed our salads.  Once those plates were cleared, a runner was immediately at our table with our entrees and sides in hand.  Many fine dining restaurants will have you linger for hours over dinner, but this place has everything timed extremely well.  You definitely get what you pay for.
4	We visited Fleming's for the first time on a recent Friday evening.  I had always had the impression that it would be "stuffy," pretentious, and geared toward the older affluent couple.  I was impressed when we walked in that it wasn't any of those.  It was fairly modernly decorated, and there were younger couples and groups there.  We each started with a glass of red wine (at the lower end of the price scale), which was delicious.  Items on the menu are a la carte, so the cost of the bill can quickly add up.  Our server brought us bread to start, so we skipped the appetizers and too highly priced salads, and ordered our entrees.  I tried the Porcini Rubbed Filet Mignon (cooked to medium).  It came with a few asparagus spears and a gorgonzola sauce (which truly sold the entree for me).  The steak was cooked "just right" for me and had a lot of flavor which the sauce complemented perfectly.  For my side, I ordered the creamed spinach.  It was good, too, although my heart (and stomach) still belongs to the creamed spinach served at Boston Market (go figure, right?).  My partner ordered the pork chop.  When I asked how it was, he replied, "It's okay."  It was a big piece of meat and looked delicious and moist, so I asked what that meant.  I tried it and, he was right.  It was just okay.  It really didn't have a lot of flavor or spices to it.  He said it tasted much better when it was combined with the creole mustard glaze and julienned apples. The service was great and our bill came to $100 for the two of us with two glasses of wine, two entrees, and two sides.  It was really good (at least my meal was), but a bit spendy for us to do outside of special occasions.  Plus, there was no Epicentre parking garage validation.
4	can't go wrong at a Flemings no matter where you are. Great service and great food.
3	my two favorite parts of this meal - the peach sparkling martinis and the chocolate molten lava cake, they both make me happy and both are worth returning to flemings for...probably sitting in the bar area and just enjoying those two items.fleming's overall has very nice ambiance even though they are a bit on the pricey side - reminds me of a place you would see in an old mobster movie, maybe even dick tracy only there are alot of charlotte bank elite wearing ties there...not really my style :)   i enjoyed scallops for my dinner, my husband had salmon and other folks at our table seemed to really enjoy their various filet mignon and peppercorn strip steaks.   we had the calamari (YUM), ahi tuna and sweet chile shrimp as appetizers and the only real downfall was the 20 minute wait from the time we ordered our apps to the time our dinner order was taken.all in all it was an A-OK experience
3	A group of six of us went out to Fleming's for a post New Year's Eve party on a Thursday night. We had a reservation, but there was no wait. Clientele at that time seemed to be mostly bankers (lots of ties), but the ambiance was nice and us revelers didn't seem to be bothering the working people with our fun. The decor is nice and the service was attentive. All were pleased with their order, and at our table we had the salmon, New York strip, Filet Mignon and scallops. The calamari appetizer is amazing and the chocolate lava cake dessert is the best I've had in town (you'll want to order early if you're on a time crunch - takes 18 minutes to prepare). The jalapeno mashed potatoes were really good as well. Be sure to arrive hungry as the portions are large and you're going to want both an appetizer and a dessert. The restaurant validates your parking, which seems to be rare at the Epicentre. There is also a full bar if you don't feel like eating and a great specialty drink menu for those who'd like to try something new. Can get a bit pricy with drinks, appetizer, meal, and dessert, but overall, for a chain, I was pleased with the experience.
2	We went last night for Charlotte restaurant week; the 3 for $30 "deal." Except at Fleming's everything is al a carte so add in the wine & sides with dinner & there goes that deal! The food was very average. Almost tasted premade & heated up. The service was OK (not typical to fine dining if this is the class Fleming's belongs to). I wouldn't recommend this restaurant nor would I go back.
5	Best run restaurant in Charlotte. Great food and the best service around. We go all the time and are never disappointed.
4	I went to Fleming's for Charlotte Restaurant Week. It was a delicious meal and great service. They mix your martini's at your table!I had the wedge salad to begin with, which was delicious. The Bleu Cheese is almost as good as my dad's homemade. For my second course I had the 8oz fillet. It was cooked perfectly. The seasoning was a little spicy but not over powering. As a side item I tried the Parmesan mashed potatoes and the Fleming's potatoes. Both were excellent, if not a little expensive. For dessert I had the blueberry cheesecake, it was delicious; even better the next morning for breakfast. It was a great experience to have but I do not think I would be able to afford to eat here too often, maybe on business dinners.
5	I'm a fan. Great to have a  more 'modern' selection for a steakhouse than CG. I'm not especially a fan of the Epi - particularly if you are going to get dressed and spend this kind of money... but Fleming's delivers great food and solid service. Atmosphere is fresh and modern, cozy and contemporary. They have a few extra touches, using your last name here and there after you are seated. A breath of fresh air relative to the other stale steakhouses in Uptown.
5	Excellent service.  Delicious meal.  Pricey but VERY good. Most tender steaks I have ever had..and I am a "foodie". Expensive.  Easily can drop $200 for two with little effort.  Definite for a special occasion.Casear was to die for.  Calamari, good.  Lava cake and turtle pie very good. Could not find anything to complain about. Paul gave EXCELLENT service.  Tim, manager, very attentive.  Nice relaxing atomosphere.  Will be returning as soon as we can recover from price.
5	This meal could easily qualify as my Last Supper! Despite the crowded CIAA weekend, the customer service was excellent! The wait staff was prompt, attentive, and kind. If you are a fan of Ruth Chris and you enjoy steak, chicken, and chops this is a great place that serves above average food! I had a blueberry martini done with grey goose and fresh blueberry juice with blueberries at the bottom. A very sweet martini with a clean taste (thanks to the goose). For my entree I ordered the herb roasted chicken, tender and juicy with al la carte sides. The Sauteed Spinach (with a little bit of chipped purple onion) was perfect. It was refreshing to taste a vegetable that does not depend on butter for taste! Macaroni n cheese with leeks. I love a good creamy sharp cheddar cheese sauce! My only complaint was that the a la cart sides were not as big as most other places I've been. No fault to Flemings, I'm just being greedy.But really, the sides are enough for one hungry person, so order two mac n cheese if that is your dish!  I am also pleased to know that I do not have to wait to go back to CIAA next year for a tasty rematch, there's a Flemings located in Tyson's Corner and in Baltimore. Hallelujah!!!
5	This is our best choice for a steakhouse in Charlotte.  Always great service and great quality food.  Great Bombay Saphire martini's with blue cheese olives ( the bartenders make the blue cheese olives fresh).  I travel all over the country and eat at many steak restaurants and this steak house is a must.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I picked Fleming's as a surprise birthday dinner and I have to say that they went above and beyond . We had a reservation for seven o'clock and were seated as soon as we got there. I was disappointed that for a slow night,(we went on a Sunday) they sat us next to another table but everything else made up for it. Our waiter(Brian) was attentive and very knowledgeable on the wine and all aspects of the meal. Our appetizers(onion soup and crab cakes) were the first clue on how good the meal was going to be. After a great house salad our tender and juicy rib-eyes came out with our sides of asparagus(yum) and a smoky cheesy  wonderful mac'n'cheese. Everything was so good I did not want the meal to end. An expensive meal but worth every penny.
5	I give it 5-stars because I do think it tops BLT, which is right down the street. Also because I had the best appetizer of my life at this restaurant: the Lump Crab Louie Wrap. I would HIGHLY recommend it, and even considered going to the restaurant just to pick up that appetizer to go before. Yes, it is that good.During the week days you'll see a really nice business crowd. It's got standard steaks and for those with some extra cash, the seafood platter is a good appetizer to get - really great seafood and some of the best lobster I've had. I can only give this place 5-stars for how impressed I was with the seafood, especially being one who grew up on the east coast.
5	Seafood Tower!
2	Just because a restaurant has white tablecloths does not mean it has good food but reviewers of Flemings must be so impressed with the tablecloths that they overlooked the taste of food.  Worse restaurant I've been to in a while, and that includes the food I am forced to eat at the airport.   I had  fish, that tasted institutional - something off high school cafeteria menu. It was an insult to the sea.  The service was good, which is why this place got two stars and not one.
2	Been their twice. Did not like their bone in rib eye. Both times I had to sent my steak back. Great place to have a drink. The bar faces the main street.
4	I loved this steak house, little too much pepper and seasoning. The waitstaff was really great and I had a wonderful time
5	I'm not a big steak house type of person. So, even here I didnt have any steak except a bite from my buddy, but wow was it good.Matter of fact, everything in this place was good.What stood out the most was the level of training and the teamwork amongst the staff. They were really on it. One of our buddies, who drinks lots of water, said that they must have hired ninjas to fill our glasses, cuz even that was never empty (yet without being intrusive).As for what I ate:- double breasted chicken- sauteed spinach- creamed corn- NY cheesecakeA-freakin'mazing! Would totally come here again and again!PS: Wine afficionados... their menu is a must try!
5	First time at Flemings. It was great. I ordered the special Oscar fillet Mignon. It was lights out good. Overall a great experience.
3	Great steak house.  Consistently good food.  I would call it the second best place next to the Capital Grill.
4	I stayed across the street at the Omni and was in town before all of my friends arrived.  Saw Flemings and I had never been to this chain before so I figured I'd give it a shot.  First thoughts, the decor and atmosphere was definitely that of clean, modern steakhouse with dim lighting and dark colors with wooden accents.  It kind of reminded me of Dylan Prime back in NYC.I made my way to the bar and ordered the seared ahi tuna and the burger ($6 each).    Both were cooked appropriately, a lot of red!  The burger was good but the tuna, woooooweeee!  I could have eaten a bunch of it.  The service was good and the bartender was helpful in providing directions for local nightlife aside from epicentre.  Would definitely go back and recommend to another.Oh, they seemed to have a solid wine list that rotates seasonally as any respected somelier would do.
4	I have generally enjoyed this place for work functions and dinner to be up front.  The service is very good, food is higher chain steakhouse and acceptable, but after being denied the courtesy of a parking validation only because we had eaten in the bar area (approximately $100 for 2 people), I got a bad taste in my mouth.The management has informed me politely that regardless of the check, as we went for happy hour (which is every day including Sundays from 5 to 7), they could not offer the validation. Their happy hour is indeed a great deal, so I can see the reasoning there. I would like to see them base that off of amount spent instead though. Review updated, thanks David for the explanation.
5	Let me say that the private party option here is fantastic.  Allison (private dining coordinator) is so great to work with, and really goes out of her way to accomodate our needs.  We've had our past two work Christmas parties here, and both were exceptional.  Great food, great service, and great atmosphere.  Relaxed, and not stuffy - which was just right for our group.Wonderful experience, would love to come back and try out the regular dining side of things.P.S.  Walnut Turtle Pie, just do it.
4	First I need to say that the foods and services were EXCELLENT. It is definitely a place where you go when your company is paying because the Entrees were all in $30+ range. However, I ordered Ahi Tuna Skewers from Small Plate section and it was delicious and enough for me especially when combined with my Crab Cakes appetizer. The ambiance of the resturant is very masculine with dark wood paneling and Men's club type decorations. Not a place for a romantic dinner unless you're planning on talking about your Pre-Nup arrangement. If you're dining out with your business associates over 40 years old, this is the place to go.Two of my colleagues ordered Steaks and said that they were cooked perfectly.
5	it rarely happens but there are times you do question your mothers ability to cook. only special places can arouse this thought, Flemings is one of them. I had the ribeye with mac and cheese green beans & mashed potatoes. The meat was tender, flavorful, and ultimately not sharable. Dare I say, more flavorful than Ruth Chris's ribeye. Sides are big enough to share and I had one the best bread pudding deserts there hands down, but they don't usually serve it. Not a heavy alcohol drinker but the wine selection appeared decent. For the financially challenged make this trip during lunch. For those looking for a great anniversary dinner not a bad way to show the one you love your not as cheap as you really are. For the daters, I have no advice , I'm only taking the wife here she has earned it (man that sounds so wrong but feels to right to say it). Service was great as it should be when you are spending this much legal tender.
3	I know, I know...rating this restaurant with 3 stars will not win me any best friends BUT hear me out!  I do have my reasons!!Ok, first of all my husband made the reservations for our anniversary and so I went with the "this is a special occasion" mentality.  I have to say I was super impressed with the fact that the hostess immediately acknowledged the fact that it was our anniversary and politely said "Happy Anniversary, I hope you enjoy your evening."  They sat us immediately.  The server seemed a little unorganized and a little unprofessional but that is okay--he also acknowledged our anniversary and introduced himself.  Shortly after we sat, one of the managers came over with a bottle of wine that my best friend had sent over to the table.  It was so thoughtful and certainly appropriate for this meal!  So far...sooo good, right?  Well the reason I only gave 3 stars is because of the meal and atmosphere.  I ordered a filet mignon and so did the hubs.  We ordered asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes for our side items.  The mashed potatoes were definitely creamy, flavorful and warm.  Very tasty.  The asparagus on the other hand, were thick and not crunchy but not soft...more like, chewy.  And they were room temperature.  The steak had a good peppercorn flavor and it sizzled on the plate (reminding me of Ruth's Chris) but there was quite a bit of fat on my steak.  It was too chewy in general and it didn't melt in my mouth, which is what I expect for the price.  As far as the atmosphere---it was loud and as others have described, very masculine.  I expected to look over and see a round table full of guidos and the Godfather at the head ( I can say that being Italian :)  There was a company gathering at the long table next to ours and they were cutting up and telling inner-office jokes the whole time.  I don't blame them, but I just didn't feel it set the romantic mood.  Plus we felt a little rushed by our waiter.  I think he was bored so he came over to check on us like 400 times.  On a positive note, they did give us an anniversary card and a free piece of chocolate cake.  They did "try" to make this a really special night but it just didn't quite hit the spot.  It seemed more like a bite off of Ruth's or Sullivan's.  It was a good effort but they didn't overly impress me...even with all the "anniversary gimmicks."  I would return for a company lunch or something along those lines but the same concept is done much better at Sullivan's in my opinion.
3	Food and service great. Love all the wines by the glass. Problem:  they play top 40 music in the restaurant - and rather loudly. It cheapens the experience and ambience. I don't mind paying for an expensive dinner but I sure don't want to feel like I've paid $150 to eat in an Applebee's or  a bar, and that's the atmosphere created by the loud pop music.
5	My husband & I went to Fleming's this past weekend and all I can say is AMAZING!!! The ambience was amazing, the service was beyond amazing, the food was PHENOMENAL...We had the crab cakes for our appetizer and OMG if they weren't the best crab cakes we've ever eaten. I had the filet & my husband had the ribeye, which I wasx jealous of because the ribeye had the most amazing flavor we have ever tasted. My filet was delicious, but I still prefer Ruth Chris's filet over any filet I'v ever had, but it was still amazing. I did enjoy their signature scalloped potatoes. I do admit I was nervous to try them b/c I don't like spicy foods and this potato has japaleno's, but you would never know it. Our server was the best and overall I rate this Steakhouse in my Top 2. If you have the budget, you absolutely HAVE to come to Flemings...You will not be disappointed!
5	Ok, so my husband and I messed up. We bought tickets to see Jersey Boys for the Saturday night during the CIAA Tournament. We left our house really early and crawled up 7th, literally crawled, to the point where I had to call and inform the restaurant that we were going to be late for our reservation. The man who answered the phone was very understanding and accommodating. We finally secured a parking spot and weaved our way in and out of the massive crowd, forward and finally into Flemings. There were some people waiting in the lobby area and I immediately feared we would be joining them since we were approx 10 mins late for our reservation. We checked in with a female hostess and the man, turned to us with a big smile and said, "you weren't even that late," making us feel very welcome. We were taken to our seats right away. We were initially seated at a table but asked to be moved to a booth since we were celebrating our anniversary. The super friendly hostess did so with no complaint and then asked how long we had been together (7 years!). Shortly after being seated our waiter, Jesse, came over and asked if we were going to the show and verified what time it started to make sure that we would be finished with enough time to fight the crowds on the street to get to the show. He made some suggestions for appetizers and whatnot and then we placed our order. The ONLY way this meal fell short is because the appetizer arrived before our drinks. Normally this would not be acceptable but the bar was so busy and it wasn't as though the employees were standing around not working. Since it was only about a minute difference I decided to let it go and just enjoy the evening. We started with the BBQ shrimp which were very tasty. The husband really enjoyed them as did I. I ordered the filet cobb salad with what they called a tarragon ranch, that just tasted like a regular ranch to me but it was still good. My only issue with this meal was that it seemed for the $27 price tag there should have been a bit more meat. In the end, however, it proved to be the right amount of food and I left feeling full but not overly stuffed.  The husband order the lite filet which came with a side of the Fleming's potatoes and a side of mac n cheese. He allowed me bites of each side and I have to say they were pretty delicious. Jesse (the waiter) was really good with helping with a wine selection (a delicious Malbec at a totally reasonable price!) and seriously provided the best service we have had in a very long time. He was there when you needed him but not overbearing and just had a great personality. I found the service to be so top-notch that I even stopped the manager to compliment him, which is not something I normally do. After the meal was completed and we went to pay we decided to sign up for their e-mail program and when he took the form to the hostess she informed it that it was our 7th anniversary and he brought us a small box of 4 truffle chocolates which was the perfect touch to end a perfect dinner on what originally looked like it was going to be a not so perfect night. We will def be going back and asking for Jesse to be our server again!
4	Great drink choices and quality food. Try and get there for happy hour (before 7pm) for good food and drink deals.
4	Wow.  I had eaten here once before, during Charlotte Restaurant Week, and had a good time.  However,  I recently went with 2 friends and the food was so much better than I remembered.  Seriously amazing steak.  Two of us had the petit filets, and they were great quality and cooked perfectly.  Third friend was disappointed that the prime rib is only available on Sundays.  However, he ordered a different steak and was pleased.  Very good service until the end when it seemed to take forever to see our server and get the check.  As a side note, I recently dined at Morton's, also uptown, and Fleming's is so much better that I was surprised.  The clientele is not as upscale as I remember, but that is probably what I get for going to EpiCenter on a Saturday night.  We actually witnessed a couple leave the restaurant yelling-- at employees or diners, I am not sure, but it was pretty surprising and not pleasant.
4	Wonderful ! Went there for a lite dinner....prime burger. Perfectly cooked, with juices flowing even though I had requested well done. Certainly a great place to be in. Will be there every time I visit Charlotte.
5	My husband and I went to the bar at Flemings to take advantage of the "Small Plates, Big Pours" offer and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience there.  We began our evening with the Baked Brie in Puff Pastry and it was delightful.  I selected the Filet over Risotto for my small plate and my husband had the Lobster Tempura...both were amazing! Our server/bartender was Shawn and he did an awesome job of taking care of our every need.  We will definitely be going back to Flemings as soon as possible. Thank you for a great evening out in uptown Charlotte!
5	Wow, pretty nice place overall! Very good service and a great steak. The potatoes that were served with the light fillet were very good. Spicy grilled shrimp I added to my steak were the best I have had anywhere--cooked just right. The place is a bit pricey for a regular night on the town, but my favorite of all the high end steak houses I've tried. Give it a try!
4	I went to an event catered by Fleming's so I'm not sure how it compares to the food at the restaurant.  1) The positives - Cheesy potato goodness, a willingness for the chef to find a perfectly rare steak for me to devour,crisp green asparagus, and the cost ...zilch, yup free! 2) The only teeny-tiny negative: they seasoned their steak with Montreal steak seasoning. If this is a high-end steak place I would think they could come up with their own blend....it tasted a lot like a steak I could make at home and I can spot that stuff anywhere. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad, but it's not something I'd expect at a fine dining establishment...a good steak doesn't need a ton of embellishment in my opinion.  If they don't use that seasoning in the restaurant I will definitely go back...but if they do I'd probably just opt for grilling out myself.
3	Flemings is one of those places that is usually on our list to try, but we rarely get there. We did happen to get there eventually, though, so figured it was time to add a review for them. As it happens, it was during restaurant week, so they were pretty slammed, and things may not have been completely normal.Up-front service was good, but after being seated, things went downhill somewhat rapidly. The problem is that our server seemed either utterly overwhelmed or completely oblivious. There were other tables nearby that were seated after us, had drinks, bread and even appetizers or salads before we had even seen ours. It didn't really get any better.I get that they were slammed because it was restaurant week - but since other tables had no problem, I don't think it was the traffic, it appeared to be our server alone having a problem. And it may have even been our table, since he seemed to attend to other tables faster than us.Once we did get our food, it was neither here nor there - the best part of the meal was probably the bread and the spreads offered with it. The steaks were fairly average, and the effort for us to get there is just not worth it. Not even during restaurant week.
4	Very nice decor, knowledgeable staff, robust wine list.  Ordered the Chilean sea bass with scallops plated on top of rissoto.  Amazing.  With fellow diners shared mac n cheese, sauteed spinach and potatos gratin - all were very good.  The potatos had a bit more complex flavor than the other sides, but all were very good.  Finished the meal with coffee and cheesecake with blueberries - both were excellent.  I would absolutely return!
5	Loved this place. Everything was good!
5	One of the best quality steaks you can get.  Forget the other overpriced guys.  Food and service was better.
5	Had an amazing steak here on a business dinner. Excellent sides, flavorful salads, stellar service and a superb wine list may make this the best steakhouse in Charlotte. Capitol Grill may get bigger crowds--but for food, Fleming's has an edge. Our server was fun, fast and helpful. Superb overall experience for business, friends or a couple. My group mixed between strips and filets and both were a 10. Bring your Platinum card. VERY nice wine list and decor. A+. Go there once--you be there twice!
5	Fantastic Steaks. Ate here a second time on another business trip.  Service was great. The place was almost full and was restaurant lively on a Monday night!  Great food... salad was superb, steak (flawless filet), flavorful sides (Fleming's potatoes) and vegetable sides were also perfect (spinach). Fleming's is a superb choice--maybe the best steakhouse in Charlotte!  Great for work dinner, couples or friends. Great wine list, great decor. My only minor complaint is that this location seems to let the host stand go empty sometimes--had to a wait a few minute to be seated. Other locations have 2-3 staff at host stand all the time. Manager should fix this here. Otherwise, A+.
2	Had dinner here a few days ago. It was OK. Great atmosphere. Apps were good.  Drinks were also good. Service was outstanding.  But the steak. Well just OK at best.  I can buy the same steak at Harris Teeter and grill it myself for about $18. Had the bone in ribeye. Cooked correctly but it was chewy and had too much grizzle. For $48+ ala cart it should have melted in my mouth and make me forget about what it cost.  Dinner for six was nearly $900 with tip. Outrageous. Just too expensive without everything being much, much better in terms of food quality.Also, they had our table positioned near a wall and the wait staff had no other route to go from the kitchen area to over half the restaurant so they were moving right behind three of us throught the meal and bumping into our chairs every time.  Terrible.
5	BEST SERVER EVER!!!! We had Jesse F. as our server and he really added to the meal. We were in town for a bowl game and he stayed conscientious of both our time and the food for us. Cannot say enough about him...if you go here ask to be seated in his section as he really knows both the food and the area. He gave us great area recommendations and gave us a new tip of "splitting salads" when you order a few appetizers to go with your meal. It made so much sense when we did it and I can't thank him enough for keeping us from being too full before our steaks came out. We started with the jumbo shrimp and beef carpaccio. Shrimp were a little longer and skinnier than what we are used to as Morton's regulars. All in all, they were pretty good though. The carpaccio was really good. Very flavorful and had a decent amount of capers. The sauce and bread on it was unique but added so much to the flavor. We split a wedge salad and that was good enough to end on. However, we soldiered on and had a strip steak and a bone-in filet. The steaks were freakin' amazing. The strip was 14-16 oz. and full of flavor. I'd never had a bone-in filet before but this was a great steak. Both steaks were prepared perfectly to our specifications and the chef even came out to make sure the meal was going well. The sides of garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus were prefect and delicious. We could not have asked for a better evening or meal and I really applaud Flemings on their strong service and high quality of food. We expected the meal to be expensive and it was but for a bottle of great wine and 2 steaks, 2 apps, 2 sides and a salad we weren't surprised by the total. If you aren't ready for the bank account commitment go to Texas Roadhouse. (Which has solid steaks too for the price...but you'll miss out on so much and Jesse!)
5	We ate here earlier today. The food and service were outstanding. The attention to detail in this restaurant is way above par. I had the Sea bass which was perfect. My wife had the crab cakes and thoroughly enjoyed them. We will be returning to Flemings in the future.
4	Happy Hour special menu is a very good value. Excellent carpaccio. Has replaced BLT as my go to before Bobcats games. Standard steak house menu and food quality for full dinner. On par with Palm, Mortons etc.
1	Everything was just ok, nothing spectacular.  We frequent Ruth's Chris and was expecting something similar for steak quality but no where close.  It took a long time to get drinks and food.  We will not choose this place over Ruth's Chris again.
4	I went on Sunday with my younger cousin and I was pleased.  It happened to be restaurant week and we ordered the salmon.
4	This is one of the best steak houses I have been in. I love Chima for the variety but the taste of the filet mignon here was amazing. the service was great as well and the variety of wines they have is incredible. It is a pricey for our taste (if drinks included) but this is not an every weekend restaurant... the only thing is that it was a bit dark, the atmosphere, i got a bit dizzy at some point but the rest was wonderful.
2	Not what I expected at all.  There are three great parts to my experience at Fleming's; the service, the atmosphere, and the drinks.  We came here for  restaurant week for a group of 4. Now I understand restaurant week you try to dumb the menu, which I knew before hand.  I ordered an uptown Manhattan which was probably one of the best drinks I have had in the area. Our server was quick, attentive, and even helped snag an extra chair for a guest we didn't know that was coming.  The ambience is dimly light (fake candles though) and very romantic/modern.  The bar area even looked nice to grab a few drinks.  So next we get our food orders.  We started with an appetizer of sweet chile calamari which I was overall impressed with.  Crispy, chewy, and the sweet chile taste was great and not overbearing.  The salad came next and nothing to thrilling, just a bag of lettuce dropped on my plate.  I didn't care about that I was waiting for the steak.  So while ordering my steak I asked for it to be cooked medium and inquired about what side there would be.  There was no side, but I could upgrade to a side of asparagus for $10. Really?  $10 for a couple pieces of asparagus.  So we decided to order sides "family style" which just meant a normal sized side where everyone got a teaspoon worth. Whatever, I didn't care bring on the STEAK!  So here it comes magically floating in my waiter's hand only to be magically going into my box at the end of the night.  I ended up donating this box to a homeless person ( duck voice guy).  The steak was the equivalent of what you would receive at a wedding, It was brown in the middle and cooked more to the tune of medium-well.  The taste just wasn't there.  Finally, they topped it off a tiny square of cheesecake which I would have preferred a small slice compared to this tiny portion.I totally expected more from a place like this.  I understand it is restaurant week, but this did not do anything to win me over.  I actually would have been happy if just the steak was good, but daaaaaaaaaaaamn comes to my mind when thinking about it.  $85 for a terrible steak, an appetizer, and two manhattans.  I am pretty sure I could have went to another steakhouse such as Sullivan's and  spent the same price while receiving a Grade A steak.  Unfortunately I won't go back here for client meetings or dates.  I wonder if the homeless guy even chucked my steak in the trash.
4	My review is limited to their bar area.  They have excellent bar bites menu from 5-7 daily.  I am guessing daily includes weekends. $6 and the portion is sizable.  They have several options, including the prime rib burger, the mushroom ravioli, Cajun shrimps, calamari, beef carpaccio, and the new addition: pork belly with chuney and goat cheese grits. I have been here several times, food is good especially for the price. The most recent visit (last Thursday) I tried the pork belly and carpaccio. I was a little disappointed in the pork belly, it was rather bland. But the grits and chuney were yummy. The carpaccio was ok, they could have gone lighter on the sauce and I wasn't getting the little mount of greens in the middle.  I think the calamari, ravioli and the shrimps were the best bets. Service was good.  We were not "big spenders," but water and soda were filled regularly. Bartender checked on us every so often. We were in and out in 45 minutes. I am a fan of Flemings for quick bites at a great price with solid food and service.
3	I took my girlfriend here on Saturday night for Valentine Dinner. I had looked at different resturants and decided to give it a try. She was excited about us going. I would first start off saying the atmosphere was very nice. The waiter was great gave great service and was over the top in helpfulness. What I mean he went the extra mile. The only true complaint is the price for what you get. She had the filet mignon which was under cooked that she couldn't finish it not that there was much to eat anyways. I had the Peppercorn Steak which was just ok. I just feel that with all the side items which you purchase seperately that the main course item would be larger. I felt we both walked away hungry. Would I go back probably not as I rather try somewhere else next time.
5	The food, service and atmosphere were all great!
5	The staff is patient, helpful and attentive. The suggestions made by our waiter were accurate. Great place for special occasion an with friends.
5	We reviewed several steak houses, and based on Yelp chose this one. The environement and staff were welcoming and accomadating.  We showed up with three more guests on on the reservation.Service was fast and professional.  All of the steaks and food was very tasty. The sides like cream spinich and the, Flemming potatos were memorable.  Great for a business meal, meal with friends, romantic or even with family. Most certainly will go back, when in Charlotte
5	This review is for the Happy Hour 5/6/7.  OMG, they have the BEST prime bacon burger for happy hour in the bar, it is such a deal for $6 and one of the best burgers I've had.  I've been here for dinner where you will get a great quality meal with a la carte sides, but a great reasonable option is to head here after work for Happy Hour.
5	Maybe it was the night, the companion and the mood, but I'm still in love with Fleming's.  The service was impeccable, the wine selections were great and the food outstanding. We wanted a quiet restaurant with a bit of a romantic feel, which for me means dimly lit, candles, well - you know the drill.  Fleming's delivered.We skipped the preliminaries and headed right to the entrees. Ribeye and porcini rubbed filet mignon.  For sides, chipotle cheddar mac and cheese (decadent!) and mashed potatoes.And aaaah, the wine. Seghesio Zinfandel and Silver Palm Cab.  Both great selections.Sometimes it's just good to focus on the basics. No ten-word, fusion-inspired, incredibly complicated-to-prepare dishes,  Not that I'm opposed to that kind of thing!  But for what could be considered a simple meal, when it's as well-prepared and delicious as what's being served up at Fleming's, I give it 5 stars.Bon appetit!
5	By far the best steakhouse in the Charlotte area. Every visit of mine to Flemings is never a disappointment. Delicious food, amazing and caring staff, and of course a great selection of wine. Hands down, this place gets five stars!
5	Great lobster tempura appetizer. Caesar salad had fried capers sprinkled on.  Sounds a little unusual but the crunch and flavor took the salad to a whole higher level.  Great steaks; well seared from a very hot cook and perfect medium rare inside.    Finished off the tasty Flemings potatoes between the two of us; delicious.  Great service.  The place was loud with pre-concert goers, but waitstaff was patient, professional, and took good care of us until the hubbub died down.  Waiter showed us how we could take advantage of the restaurant week menu to still get exactly what we wanted at a lower rate.  Stopped at the front desk on the way out to ask about a taxi; the sr manager, who'd come by and chatted with us earlier during dinner, immediately ran out to the street and hailed us a taxi himself.  Nice place, good food, attentive service, these guys do a good job.
2	I recommended this place on a work trip not too long ago.  Expensive but I figured it would be a great place for the work folk to bond and enjoy fine dining.   The waiter was accomadating at first since me and my co worker were waiting for the other members of our party.  He started talking smack about a concert playing next door which was irratating to my coworker since she liked the band playing.  Always be PC in these occasions.  Anyways we preordered some drinks and some apps.  When everyone arrived i had pre ordered the steaks and sides for me and my boss since he always orders what I order anyways since I'm particular in my selections of great food.  I had ordered 2 Rib Eyes (Medium Rare) with sides including the creamed spinach and the Flemmings house potatoes.  When the food finally arrived he brough 2 WELL DONE NEW YORK steaks and one side each of potatoes and spinach.  My boss started eating but i was particulary urked as I selected this place and this mistake was beyond odd.  I politely flagged down our waiter and explained the odd circumstance of which he didn't seem too displeased about.  Also mentioned the sides were 2 of each and he said he though we would share.  AS IF! Anyways he comes out 8 mintues later with 2 RIB EYES that were below rare as to try to hurry up the order but we didn't feel like returning this to avoid a scene.  Disppointing to say the least.  I would choose to come back but not on my dollar.
3	Very loud, companion sitting right next to me could not hold a conversation.  Steaks and sides were ok.  We had both recently been to a Ruth's Chris in NJ and this place was nowhere near that in food enjoyment.  The extensive by-the-glass wine list is nice, maybe a bit overwhelming.
5	Great atmosphere and fantastic food. Family friendly restaurant but also a wonderful restaurant for a romantic dinner. Everything from appetizers to dessert was fabulous. Loved the digital wine list :)
5	I had the ribeye and it was one of the best I ever had. The service was also great. I highly recommend.
4	Ambience is great. It is your traditional upscale steakhouse. I liked the experience because of great company... Service could have been more attentive and quicker. Our dinner experience was a total of 3 hours and 25 minutes, a little longer than I like to take.
3	they seated us, not very busy, but no one came to serve us. we were brought bread and water and finished that and were there for 15 minutes. we almost left but then the waitress finally came and said that no one told her that we were assigned to her. she was very nice but that wait was forever. the food was ok. the crab cakes were awful but everything else wasn't bad. all in all an ok experience. came back the next day with friends to have their sunday special (which includes entree, side and dessert, but it wasn't anything special, yet again. not very impressed. but if you're looking for ok, then this restaurant is perfect.
3	The service was great but the food was just okay. The tuna seemed frozen so I asked for another.  The 2nd time seemed normal rare temperature.  But, it's taste was just okay.
3	Food was okay. Service was good. But don't drive here. The two of us spent over $80 on food and wine and they refused to validate our parking because we didn't order a steak.  Bentley's, Capital Grille, and Ruth's Chris have much better meals and they certainly won't try to work you over on parking.
5	Excellent meal service and drinks.
5	Went here for dinner on a busy Saturday night after the Belk Bowl.  The food was excellent and cooked to our preference.  We had James F. as our server, he was very personable and and attentive.  Highly recommend if you are looking for a good steak while in downtown Charlotte.
4	You'll see that I am mostly a Capital Grill guy, but last night was Sweeties birthday and she hasn't stopped talking about the Lobster Tempura at Flemings for over a year so, as always I must sacrifice because that's the kind of guy I am.  Well, I am happy to say that last nights experience was nothing short of spectacular.Called to make reservations and informed them of said birthday.  While we were there no less than 5 employees besides our waiter stopped by to wish her a happy birthday.  Special right?  We were greeted by our server Jim.  He was great and part of the reason I like these "Prime Steakhouses".  He was a presenter if you know what I mean.  His descriptions of the dishes, and option were wonderful.  This guy knew more about dry vs. wet aging of meat than most and was a true salesman.  His service was wonderful throughout the evening, and exemplified what a true "professional" server should be.  Onto the meal.Chilled seafood tower to start.  Usually I won't opt for the tower since it's somewhat intimidating.  But tonight I was out to impress....pull out all the stops.  They bring the tower which was chock full of fresh, chilled goodness.  Lobster, Stone Crab Claws, King Crab Claws and the largest, freshest most delicious shrimp ever.  WOW.  The only think missing was oysters, but the shrimp made up for it.I had the Prime Bone in Ribeye.  This steak was delicately grilled at a super high temperature and served at the perfect medium rare as requested.  It was well seasoned and slightly charred on the outside.  It cut like butter and was just awesome.  Sweetie had the Ahi Tuna small plate which she said was wonderful.  Cream Spinach, ala carte on the side was done nicely and wasn't so rich that I felt bad eating it.  Finishing off the meal was a complimentary dessert sent over by their chef for the birthday (Classy touch) and, as recommended by Jim who said he wasn't afraid to tell his Mother that Flemings Carrot Cake was better than hers, a nice serving of Carrot Cake.  They put pineapple and golden raisins in their carrot cake which is a nice touch.  It was decadent.Great night, great experience.  Flemings outdid themselves last night and it was appreciated.
2	Ate there during restaurant week and was so disappointed.  We called prior to arriving and the lady who answered told us we could park in the garage and have our ticket validated. Not true. We ended up paying $12 for parking. I had the sea bass which was very plain and tough.  Someone at the table ordered the crab cake dinner option and it came with 3 of the smallest cakes I've ever seen. They were each about the size of an egg.  He commented "I'm gunna need a bite of someone's steak to fill me up!" The steak was excellent and well prepared. Overall the experience was average and I would choose another "top notch" steak house next time.
5	Fantastic place to go for a great night uptown. Took my future wife for her birthday and enjoyed the food as well as the service. The staff was very professional and friendly as well as respectful. Definitely, I will keep coming back.
4	Fleming's is always a good choice for a celebratory dinner, a date, or just a really good happy hour.  The happy hour goes  until 7 and they have $6 apps and drinks.  It is definitely one of the better deals in town.  You can go next door to Z'Tejas for cheaper food or drinks but this is soooo much better.  The only downside is the bar seats maybe 30 people and is always packed during HH.  If you're sitting down for a full dinner hopefully you're there on a Sunday night.  They have a prime rib special that includes a salad, side, and dessert.  This is a very good deal if you can get it.  Otherwise the steaks are all done nicely and I can't recall having anything off the menu that I've disliked.
1	One star for service.  That is about it.
2	Had a business dinner here last week.  My review is short and sweet.Food was good but nothing special.  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere WAY too loud.  Had to shout across the table all night.  But the prices are insanely high.  Just ridiculously so.
4	This place has great ambience and service is always excellent. The crab cake is amazing! The lamb chops were really good as well. Overall however the portions are somewhat small and the prices are too high for my pockets.
5	I had dinner at Fleming's after work last night. I'm a regular there so this review will probably lean more towards the bigger picture than just one visit. I remember eating at a Fleming's in Nashville when I was in college. It was the first and only time I'd been to one before they opened in Charlotte and I remembered it being the best steakhouse meal I'd ever had. When I heard they were opening one here, I was stoked. Needless to say we started going there not long after they first opened (I think it was 2008 but don't hold me to that) and have been going regularly ever since. I've done the steakhouse circuit - Ruth's Chris, Capital Grille, Sullivan's, Morton's - but Fleming's to me is just nicer than all of them. It's not as stuffy as Ruth's Chris or Morton's and the food is better. It's classier than Sullivan's, and, well, I just never really liked Capital Grille at all. Maybe I'm picky.The ambiance at Fleming's is lovely. It's an easy place to relax. There have been times I didn't even realize the restaurant had gotten busy because I was happily nestled in my own booth, absorbed in the food and conversation. The lighting is dim, but not so dim you can't read the menu. Dark, rich wood adorns the booths and walls, giving the restaurant a sort of classic look. And the service? What can I say about the service? Our usual server is Azer and he is always so welcoming and seems genuinely happy to see us. He's attentive and spot-on with everything and every experience is relaxed and enjoyable. Tom and Jared, two of the managers, are equally welcoming and friendly, always stopping by to say hello and catch up. They make eating at Fleming's feel like visiting friends instead of just being an anonymous restaurant patron, which always makes me want to go back.I've made my way around the menu from the delicious filets to the sea bass that is frequently a special, to the small plates (the short ribs are my favorite on that list) to the king crab legs. You really just can't go wrong with this menu. Last night I had the petite filet with the mushroom risotto and it was delightful. Sometimes I treat myself to the chocolate lava cake for dessert, which is one of the best things I've ever tasted. The combination of gooey chocolate cake and the liquidy hot fudge with vanilla ice cream is just to die for.  Their after-work happy hour bar menu is great, too. It's more casual, the star of which is a cheeseburger and fries. I've sat at the bar and had the burger on several occasions and it was delicious. Very juicy and slightly peppery for a little extra flavor. It's a fun bar atmosphere, too, if you're looking for a  place to chill after a long work day. Sometimes it's a nice, informal way to enjoy my favorite restaurant without doing the full dining room experience. All in all, Fleming's is just a fantastic restaurant with great food, spot-on service and an enjoyable atmosphere. They've created such an enjoyable experience that I can only keep going back time and time again.
4	Sought refuge from the rain while on a walkabout. Enjoyed a Chardonnay and my wife had a great, spicy Malbec. Bartender was friendly and offered directions to our next destination.
5	Everything you'd want in a steakhouse.  I took my team out to dinner and everyone enjoyed themselves.  The food was amazing and the wine list was nothing short of impressive.  I had the new york strip along with scallops which all were cooked to perfection.  The table shared the Fleming Potatoes, Macaroni, Mushrooms, and Asparagus.  All fantastic.
4	Food is great! Service is good. Steak was wrong the first time out but was promptly fixed.
5	Delicious food - eloquent, classy atmosphere and impeccable service. It's pricey but I don't mind paying for good food. There are also happy hour specials if you sit at the bar before 7.
4	I love Flemings. Actually I love a good fine dining steakhouse. The beef carpaccio is a must have. Great interactive wine list and service is top notch. They have a great happy hour special that has 5 items for 6 dollars until 7!  (The carpaccio is included!!) Steaks are awesome an the atmosphere is usually buzzing with energy. Dallas is a hilarious and awesome bartender who makes all of his guests feel at home. A great spot in the heart of uptown!
5	We ate here this past Saturday and were treated like royalty.  From start to finish our waiter Josh (or maybe Jeff) was excellent.  He described the specials to us and we decided to branch out from our normal filet to the shared tomahawk for two.  This came with 3 sauces, the marscapone was my favorite-just outstanding.  THe owner/manager (Tom) came out to present it and sliced/served it for us.  It was just an outstanding flavor to the steak.  They even wrapped up the bone for us to take home to our dog.  To start off they even split the wedge salad for us as they mentioned it was a nice portion and good to share.  To top it off they heard us discussing we were getting married soon and surprised us with a treat.  The food was just delicious and the service was outstanding.  The chocolate truffles they sent us home with were absolutely delicious.  We are big wine/chocolate people and order special chocolate, but this was some of the best we've had.  There are many great steakhouses in Charlotte, but Fleming ranks at the top.  This great service really puts it above the others.
4	I had the Alaskan King Crab Legs, Mac Cheese, Spinach, & Onion Rings. Everything was delicious! Best onion rings I've ever had - with a hot sauce that was perfect with them. The crab legs came with butter that was warmed by an underneath flame. The waiter was attentive. However, the man who brought the wine brought the wrong kind instead of just telling us the one we wanted was no longer available & offering comparable options.
4	Amazing food. I had the special of the day, Sea Bass with risotto that alone was to die for, but then I had the cheddar chipotle Mac and cheese and then it got even better.  I tried the ribeye steak, I don't even like steak much but it was delicious. Service was excellent. The wine selection was extensive and even allowed you to send the wine you preferred via an iPad so you can remember for next time. It's definitely pricey but if you want a good steak it's definitely worth it.
3	Fleming's was my date's choice and it was ok.  The steak was a little overcooked for me and the atmosphere was not that great.  We sat in the middle of the lobby and it was too much going on around me for me.  The bread was awesome.  The portions were a little on the petite side for the veggies but that is always the case at pretentious places like these.  But they get the steak perfect every single time and that is what we went for.
5	This is hands down the best Flemings I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. The burger is equally delicious as the steak. The steak is as good as the onion rings. The water is even amazing. I jest. Sort of. If you've ever eaten at a steakhouse, and can tell what quality vs imitation ambiance is, then you will truly appreciate this place. The lighting, the friendly yet classy atmosphere, the complete lack of high nosed snobbery yet respect of both management and staff to all the patrons that roam this place. It is incredible. If your in town or a local, check it out, enjoy some delicious food and I'm pretty dang sure you won't regret it. This place sets the standard of what a Fleming's should be.
5	We enjoyed a pre-concert dinner uptown. When our waiter was informed of our time constraint, everyone made sure that we were promptly served and given great attention, including from Tony Anderson, the manager. Our steaks and accompiments were outstanding! We'll return again for special occasions. Do the convienient valet parking and enjoy the ambience.
2	This was my first visit and I'm not sure if I'll go back.  We celebrated our anniversary here and every person we came in contact with acknowledged our special night.  There was even a card on the table for us.  My husband and I both had the surf and turf special which was a 8 ounce filet and a lobster tail.  The meal came with a scallop appetizer over risotto and your choice of a wedge salad or french onion soup.The scallop was good.  It was seared to perfection and cooked just right.  The garnish, which was scallop green, was browned on the edges and looked a little old. The risotto was a little plain.  My filet was cooked exactly as ordered, but my husbands was a touch over cooked.  We ordered both of our steaks rare.  The lobsters tails were a bit rubbery from being overcooked, which was a bit of a disappointment. Our meals came with a choice of french onion soup or a wedge salad.  We both ordered the wedge.  My lettuce looked like it was on the verge of being brown.  It was a little wilted.Overall, the meal was a little disappointing.  The service was good, but for the price I was expecting a little bit more.They have a very cool interactive wine menu.  I did order two different wines that they were out of.  One of the wines I ordered was recommended to me by our waitress.
3	Just got back from a solo dinner at Fleming's.  I was not sure whether to give it three stars or four stars.  Things sort of started out on a bad note when I found out that they really do not serve any dark beers.  My server was fairly attentive- but could have been better.  During the meal, I wound up with another server who was OK.  I had salmon with blue cheese mashed potatoes.  Both were excellent.  As others have commented, the dining room is noisy...very noisy.  If I am going to pay near stratospheric prices for food, I want the ambiance to go with it.  This is where Fleming's is lacking IMHO.  There are too many other restaurants in Uptown Charlotte where you can get good food, good service, good ambiance and a dark beer.  I probably would not go back.
2	Disappointed after good reviews.  Walked in without a reservation, hosts told me 30 minutes for a table  (with a half full restaurant).  I went to the bar, then came back and asked about the half full restaurant...they still said 30 minutes (with that super stiff smile thing going on, you know the smile that's not a smile?).  I sat at the bar...and ten minutes later was seated at one of the empty tables in the half empty restaurant.  Server Jared was A+, excellent.  Unfortunately the wine I wanted was out.  Ordered the sliced mignon, which was VERY good but the risotto cakes were mushy and luke warm, as if just scooped from a lingering bowl.  I had the "new school" or some such caesar salad - um....limp and nothing too original, hardly generous with the prosciutto, which was the exciting addition.  The bread was excellent, as were the dips that came with it.  I asked for steamed spinach which came with onions (not explained on the menu) and server immediately took it back after he learned that I was allergic to onions.  $61, not feeling so good about that.   For the money, I'm headed to BLT Prime next time, at least I know what I'm getting there.  Maybe it was because it wasn't a buzzing night, but this place just seemed to be coasting.
3	The best thing about Flemmings was the sales pitch at the beginning of the meal. They compared them selves to Capital Grille but in my mind CG is way better. Don't get me wrong the Flemmings steak was good. But is it on par with CG? Not to me at least not at that price point. I know it's about the atmosphere too, but even that I was not terribly impressed with. Good but lacking somehow.
5	This place is awesome! I came here for a client dinner. The food, the wine, the service... Impeccable! If there were 6 stars I would give Fleming's 6 stars! I recommend the Salmon. And check out their amazing app that allows you to figure out the appropriate wine pairings to match your order! I didn't touch the bread because I am on a diet, but it looked amazing!!!
4	My friend and I went to Flemming's during a night out. My favorite part was the outstanding wine list by the glass. We had the seafood sampler, two bone-in ribeyes, and creamed spinach. The food was great as expected. The service was outstanding and with a reservation we were seated immediately on a very busy Saturday night. The expectations were pretty high going into this restaurant and I was pleasantly surprised.
4	The wine list is insanely large and great. They even give you a iPad with the wine list on it. The food was pretty good for a steakhouse. I say that because usually steakhouses don't stand out for me but in this case, it was quite good and the waiters were attentive and nice.
2	The food was very good,  opposed to service... probably won't go back. If you are paying about $100 per meal, you would expect a nice and helpful service. I had a much better service in Morton's or even in McCormick's. Sadly,  at the end I made a mistake and mis-down-calculated the tip... anyway Fleming's is off the list forever while many other nice places are out there. The ambiance of the restaurant is good, though.
2	Seriously overpriced drinks. Insultingly so. I could drink cheaper at the capitol grill and find better food ambiance, and bartenders. Shame on the management and owners. Great happy hour food but not worth the 37.00 for two titos and tonics.  75$ bill for french onion soup,  a burger and fries, two vodka tonic doubles in a sad and pathetic little glass and two glasses of house chardonnay.
4	This was of many of our trips to Flemings.  We went with friends for a Christmas Celebration.  I had a strip that I thought was excellent.  It was cooked to perfection.  My husband and I split a salad and a Shrimp Cocktail.  Both were very good.  My husband had a special filet with a very rich sauce that made him a little ill later. We split a desert;  chocolate walnut pie.  It was very good.  We had a very good meal.
5	went there before a hornets game. very accomondating to get us to game on time, but not rushed. food was unbelievable!!!!!!! steaks done to perfection
4	A must in Manhattan, one of the best Restaurants in the world
