4	Earlier today I was on my way to the bank and noticed a new yogurt place in the area.  It had the grand opening banner up and I was the only one in the store.  The store has an interesting and modern theme to it - an orange and white plastic design that blends in with the yogurt dispensers and cups.  They even have these orange bio-degradable spoons that were nearly worth the $3.86 I paid for my yogurt. The quality of the yogurt is first rate.  However, the choices were somewhat limiting.  I am a frequent customer of Zoyo and must say that the yogurt at Orange Leaf was delicious, but there were few flavors and the toppings were someone boring.  I wanted marshmellow, white chocolate or something out of the norm.  I can recall only chocolate, caramel and strawberry.The yogurt is priced at $0.42 per ounce.  It is in the range of most places, but a tad higher.My main disappointment was the notice on the door for free wi-fi.  That was why I stopped in.  No wi-fi was connected.  One of my biggest pet peaves is seeing the notice on the door and needing to use it, but it is not there.  It is misleading and wastes my time.  I do not recall an television or music.  It was too quiet!  I would recommend Orange Leaf, but please increase the number of flavors and toppings alongside FREE wi-fi!
2	The yogurt was fine, atmophere is "modern".  The issue we had is they didn't have any information on gluten.  My daughter has Celiac Disease and has to eat gluten free and they couldn't tell us anything.  The guy even stated many people have asked for this information.
4	I live for late-night fro-yo.  I have been to Mojo, Yogurtland, Golden Spoon, ZoYo, Yogurtology, Cherry On Top, and many other ones in the valley that I do not remember because they are that forgettable.  The flavors at Orange Leaf are AMAZING!  I tried the chocolate-caramel, confetti cake, cheesecake, and strawberry flavors.  The flavor actually tastes like the real item.  This is quite shocking b/c at most places, the flavors are very subtle.  I would have given them 5 stars, but they lost a star because the topping were quite limited in comparison to other places.
2	The frozen yogurt here is the weirdest I've ever had. It has a slightly chalky taste and is not satiating at all. I ate the same amount that I normally eat at Zoyo and was left feeling unsatisfied. I think it has to do with the fact that a lot of their flavors are low-fat and the yogurt is made from powder. It's a shame, because they have some really awesome flavors. They just don't taste that great and aren't satisfying.
5	Love it here! Fun staff, unique and fun yogurt flavors, cute spoons, and original toppings! Its fun putting your own toppings on. The other day i did a little of each!
5	This place has great flavors !
2	I have been to this shop twice now. I like the variety of flavors and toppings they carry.  The first time we had a pleasant experience. The cashier was friendly and helpful. This second time the staff was rude and not very attentive; mostly the high school/college girl. She was more interested in checking her phone than assisting clients. Customer service is very important to me and if it's not there I will not give businesses my money.
5	GREAT new yogurt place! Amazing customer service and very frienldy familiy atmosphere! LOVE IT! and awesome flavors to select from!!
4	its frozen yogurt !!!! what can be wrong..awesome flavors here and very clean.. the peanut butter yogurt was out of this world! and low fat...
4	This has become my go-to self-serve yogurt place because:a. It's close to homeb. My kids love their yogurt and their cute orange chairsc. They have the best, most consistently good flavors for chocolate lovers...my most recent trip they had Brownie Batter, which was dee-lish (made me wish they'd had this on that night I ate a BOWL OF ACTUAL BROWNIE BATTER!).And now that they offer chocolate covered-almonds for a topping (I only take 4-5), that is the final reason I choose Orange Leaf over the others.
5	After my last two favs went out of business, this is the new go to place for Froyo.  Don't get me wrong, I really like Orange Leaf, it's just not as close to my house as the other two favs.  This is a destination location, meaning we're on a mission for yogurt when we come.  I guess I'm a little tarted out because I'm really enjoying the white chocolate strawberry and forgoing all tart flavors.  The strawberry cheesecake is also good, but not as good as the white chocolate.   Also, the fruit is always fresh.  This is key for taste and makes my dessert super healthy.  The decor is very trendy and orange, naturally.  The TVs are a big hit with the kids, and the background music is a nice touch.  There always seem to be a few patrons, but also a few available seats for us.
4	A couple of weeks ago I was in the mood for a smoothie and I was thinking that this place for some dumb reason would have some, lol! Anyhow this is not a smoothie establishment however, they do make a mean FroYo! It's so good that I've been twice in the past week. They have several base flavors available and the staff happily let you sample them if you want to. My favorite so far is the birthday cake. Now onto the toppings... There are sooooo many toppings everything from Boba, cheesecake, Butterfingers, nuts, Oreos, if it goes well on yogurt they got it! They even have several syrups to choose from my favorite is the Ghirardelli Chocolate, YUM! This place is fast, fresh and affordable. For you environmentally conscience folks the spoons are even biodegradable! I'm sure I'll be a regular here when summer officially hits.
5	Best frozen yogurt in the Valley. Very impressive!
4	Remember the boom bust market of Frozen Yogurt? It's nice to have a come back. Don't let the $ price fool you.  This place is expensive! Hard to successfully get a yogurt for under $6 the cups are LARGE even the small ones are LARGE so RESPECT to the marketing team for figuring that if people have large serving dish as the only option most people will not fill it only 25% of the way up.They have several fresh topping to choose from.  I get the strawberry cheesecake yogurt with the cheese cake cube toppings and add just a little hot fudge...wait that was a lie.....alot of hot fudge on top.Again RESPECT to the marketing team as many toppings as you want at NO charge they charge by weight....... free topping wowww.....I must have toppings.  Ahhh this may be the reason why my yogurt was $9
4	Self Serve fro zen yogurt! It is such a fantastic concept creating a frozen confection that not only  contains enzymes that assist in breaking down dairy, (allowing many people with lactose intolerance to have "ice cream"), but also having high levels of protein and many important minerals.Frozen yogurt tends to have less fat and less calories, so it is becoming the popular alternative to the traditional ice cream.Personally, I am a fervent lover of Cold Stone - any creamery that allows me to add in brownies and cake and caramel and hot fudge and whatever else I desire.So here is why Orange Leaf is superb!  With two sizes of cups to choose from, you make your way to the pull tabs on the wall labeled everything from Brownie Batter to Birthday Cake to Cotton Candy to Pomegranate.  Mix as many flavors as you like, or do a cup with half and half.  Then scurry over to the candy and fruit buffet.  Find any topping imaginable from fresh blueberries to crumbled butterfingers to brownies to marshmallow creme.  You can douse your FroYo any way you like, as much as you like, and not worry that you are spending $1.99 or more per topping.  Orange Leaf charges by weight.  Although I can't give you a price per ounce, I can tell you that our 16oz. container filled with Brownie Batter, Birthday Cake, Coconut FroYo, marshmallow creme, hot fudge, and caramel came to about $7.And the Birthday Cake is not only a Fan Favorite, but my personal favorite as well! Incredibly creamy, and tastes just like cake butter.I am in love!
5	By far, the best frozen yogurt!  Always has a good variety of sweet and fruity flavors.  The toppings are always fresh.  The biodegradable orange spoons are fun too!
4	I went to Orange Leaf as a well deserved treat after an extremely warm hike. Thanks to someone's Yelp review, I had an excellent experience! Thanks to the Yelper who's name I totally forgot, sorry!She mentioned they charge by the ounce and to limit how much you actually put in your bowl to make it a little cheaper and to not spend $9+ on a little sweet treat :)The brownie batter flavor just might be my favorite! It was seriously amazing!!Great advice, fellow Yelper! And a yummy dessert!
5	This place is great, and one of the better serve yourself frozen yogurt shops!
2	On the three occasions that I've visited this location, the workers always looked very unhappy and definitely didn't appear to want to be here. I don't usually like basing my rating on staff alone, but the staff just really puts me off and ruins the whole experience for me. Aside from them, there is a great variety of flavors and toppings. The place is decently clean, and there is plenty of seating. Overall, it's a good place for yogurt - though you should really get it to go.
2	The flavors and toppings were okay.I was a little disappointed how few non-fat options there were.They have an okay selection but all were of similar tastes.
4	Four words...White chocolate covered strawberry. YUM!!!I went with a group of friends and everyone was really happy with the frozen yogurt flavors. Another yelper said that they have similar tastes, which I agree with. I tried the coconut which had good flavor. Had I not known what it was I would have possibly thought it was oatmeal cookie.The topping bar was really clean and they have a good variety. I like how the cheesecake bites (my favorite) and the funfetti bites come in individual containers instead of getting smashed in the larger container with the spoon. Very clean, decent amount of seating, and less expensive than I anticipated. This place will not disappoint. Ask for a punch card...the cashier didn't automatically give me one but did once I asked.
4	~3.75Stopped here last Saturday evening after a trip to Ikea for a late night cool down. It was easy to find thanks to my GPS and it was pretty busy for close to 8:30 at night. We were greeted when we talked in and made our way to the back. I was suprised at the unique variety of flavors they had (oatmeal cookie, white chocolate covered strawberry, etc). I decided on birthday cake and brownie batter, and dumped a smorgasbord of toppings in it - because why not? The total for our two was around $10 and we sat inside to enjoy them. This isn't in my neck of the area so I can't say how often I would be back, but I had a good experience.
5	We came from VA and were really sad to leave behind Sweet Frog. One visit to Orange Leaf and Sweet Frog is a distant memory! I have fallen completely in love with the Pineapple yogurt. It's the perfect mixture of fruity, sweet, and tangy and I could easily eat a full bowl of it. I'm tempted to buy some to-go and take it home to make a Dole whip.I've also tried the mango and it was pretty good too! I'm looking forward to trying other flavors if I can force myself not to get the pineapple each time we go.
5	Love orange leaf over most of the other frozen yogurt shops.  Orange leaf has true flavors, and they're not watered down or icy.  The flavor that is listed is what it will taste like!  They have a great selection of toppings and my favorite is the peanut butter cookie dough (unbelievably delicious).  Try it out as soon as possible.  This location is super clean and the family owners are on point and super friendly!
5	This is one of my fav places to go on Sunday for a treat. I take the kids, they pick what they want and they sit still for 1/2 hour and eat their yogurt. They have a ton of varities and a ton of toppings, not all chocolate but fruit too. It is a quiet place but always someone coming in and out. I think the owner works around the clock as he is always there. They have a new punch card. This is a great date and family place so I would highly recommend it. Moderately priced too.
5	I love frozen yogurt. This place is super close to my place. I'm trying to stay away from this place but it's so difficult to because they carry the basic flavors but for whatever reason they taste so good. The toppings are always fresh and great tasting. Their cookie dough flavor is AMAZING! I've become a fan of their tart one as well. Stop in and enjoy!
5	Yumm! Who doesn't go nuts for this stuff! The new salted caramel we had tonight was amazing! And they have a good selection of toppings here! I also like the rewards program they have!
4	Love the orange and coconut mixed, so yummie!!!! It's a little pricey being that it's more than a gallon of ice cream, but I feel most self serve yogurt places are like that. I like that it's open until 10 pm because some close earlier than that and it's not too far from me.
1	Nope! I had been here before and had no issues. My bf and I were around this area if town and decided to get some fro-yo. I got the vanilla with chocolate toppings and he got the pink lemonade with fruit. 12 hours later we were both violently ill with food poisoning. This is the only similar thing we had to eat together. I will never go here again.
5	This place is the best. The employee's are so nice and helpful. It is very clean inside and the bar is always spotless. Besides that the food is so yummy!!!!
5	Went into this place for the first time a few weeks ago. Best place for frozen yogurt!! They employee  was super nice and very friendly. Would recommend this place to everyone.  Pricing is not too bad either. Great quality desert or snack with friends.
