4	Outbacks are my standard fare when I travel.  If i'm alone, and my colleagues aren't there to guide me towards the best Chilean seafood place or Thai wonderment, I go for tried, true, and meaty.  Outback is just that.It would be hard for me to give an outback less than 4 stars.  Others I know think that's insanely high for a consistently good steak place.  I don't agree.  I'd rate it lower if the service at that location sucked and I'd rate it higher if something insane happened.  Neither were the case tonight.Outback at this location was great.  Service was great.  Food was great.  'Nuf said.
5	We stopped going to Outback years ago because of the consistent poor quality and service.  However, we received gift cards this year, so we went back again.  I must say, this Christmas Eve dinner at Outback was one of the best family holiday dining experiences we've ever had!  Naively, we didn't call ahead to make them aware we had a party of 9 arriving, which could have been a headache for them and us. But they managed to get us all squeezed together, VERY quickly and extremely cheerfully.  The service was outstanding and all of our steaks were cooked perfectly.  Chris, the owner, and our server (Jay?  The one with all the customer service award buttons!) did everything they could to make our visit there pleasant, comfortable and lively.  They succeeded and then some.
4	I love Outback & find here recently, they're all pretty consistent. Last night's visit to the East Blvd. location was no exception.Food: Bloomin' onion was good, maybe a bit too overcooked, but we ate enough of it to justify the price of it.  My Outback Special steak was cooked a perfect medium well & seasoned nicely; tasted so good!  House salad was delicious & fresh as always; however, I would always prefer a tad bit more salad dressing.  Loaded baked potato was steaming hot (yay!) with just the right amount of toppings.  The complimentary bread was warm & soft; although I can always do without having it.Service: Seated quickly, it was around 6:30 PM.  Michael, our waiter was efficient & friendly & kept our water glasses filled.  He checked on us just the right amount - not too much & not too little. The manager came around once to make sure everything was OK & came over again at the end to let us know about the customer survey on the receipt (for a free appetizer).Decor / ambiance: Clean, lighting was nice, not bright.Prices: Reasonable. The amount of food you get & the price is just right.Parking: Ok...although you may have to park in the actual shopping center that sits behind it.
4	Went there last night with a party of nine.  We did a call-ahead and they had the table ready when we arrived.  We have eaten there a couple times before and had good meals.  Our waitress, Megan, was excellent.  She handled our big group as if it was a party of two. The manager came over a couple times too to approve a couple coupons.  I had the prime rib which  I was reluctant to order but it was cooked perfectly.  The cut was large and I took half home.  A couple others had the filet mignon which also was very good.  Even though it is a chain, Outback puts out a good product and good service at a reasonable price.  This location in particular has a good reputation.  Will definitely return when I want a piece of meat.
4	I normally do not review big chains such as Outback but they did an exceptional job on Sunday.We wanted sushi but every sushi spot was either closed or didn't open until 5. We just wanted a light meal since we had purchased steaks to grill in the evening. Low and behold we end up at Outback's bar for apps. I ordered a side salad and we split the cheese fries. The fries were pretty killer. They were layered with ooey gooey cheese and perfectly cooked bacon. What really sets outback apart is the service. Adam our bartender was fabulous! When we mentioned we were on the hunt for sushi he brought out a complimentary sampling of their seared tuna rare and it was shockingly delicious ( I may have to get that on a salad next time). Adam made the visit great, he asked us questions, shook our hands, and did a great job with recommendations (i.e order your cheese fries layered...you will never encounter a spare fry sans cheese). I must say overall he was one of the best bartenders I've had in Charlotte and he deserves to be recognized!
5	I've been going to this particular outback for ten years. Its great! The service is great, the food comes out great, the whole nine yards. Yes, I know its a chain restaraunt but this location is great so i say go!
2	Slow slow slow!Food was nothing to call home about
2	I used to love Outback, it was always such a special treat to go there. You knew exactly what you were getting no matter what state you were in, you could always count on their consistency.Those days are gone my friend!  After visiting all of the Outbacks in our area over the years, the ones we frequented had dwindled down to this one. It was the last of the best. It was the only one left with the perfect Victoria fillet. We hadn't been to Outback in a very long time so we were very excited to visit the other night. I ordered the small fillet as usual, medium, with a plain potato and a house salad. The salad came out and was on a small fancy plate, not the customary white bowl I'm used to. That made me a little sad but it was still pretty good, skimpy was the word that came to mind.I got my tiny fillet and it was cooked correctly, had good flavor, but was so tough I couldn't chew it. After about three bites I gave up. I asked to speak to the manager and explained to her that I could have gotten a better steak at O'Charley's (which I loath, that's another sad story) and was very disappointed in the quality. She offered to bring me another fillet but by this time my husband was finished and we had other plans so I declined. I really don't mind the higher prices they are charging, I expect that, but if the prices go higher and the serving size and quality go down also, that is NOT acceptable to me. Guess I'll either grill steaks at home or save up and go to Ruth's Chris, where I have yet to be disappointed. I know times are tough, but a fillet from Outback shouldn't  be.
2	I thought the waitress had an attitude... she sat at our table to take our order in the way of our arriving guest, the steak was not cooked right, mine was under cooked and another at the table was overcooked, the manager (owner?) did comp. the meal which helped a little but it still ruined the whole evening!  The waitress was not nice!!!!
3	Employees service  is just ok. managers seem really good. Glen is great. Employees just need better training. Food is good for the price. I enjoy the house salads with red onions, tomatoes....Steak sauce should be offered on to go orders.
4	After returning home on Friday after a long week of work, my fiance and I came to the conclusion that we experiencing a sensation we know well:  We were starving!  The unfortunate reality is that if you decide late in the game on a Friday evening that you want to go out for dinner, it's tough to find a place you can just walk right in and grab a seat.  Thank you Outback for call ahead seating!!We walked in and past the ten people in the waiting area, and had a table before the bartender could even pour us a beer.  A lot of people poo poo chain restaurants.  Not me.  I figure there's a reason there's so many dotting city and suburbia, and Outback stands out among these strip mall staples.As restaurants struggle to attract diners through the economic downturn, we the dining public are granted some pretty great deals.  The evening of my latest visit was a deal for four courses (soup, salad, entree, and dessert) chosen from a set list for $15.  I went with the cheese and onion soup (not sure of the name, but not French Onion soup).  It was okay... creamy, cheesy and oniony, but I wouldn't go buying a bowl of it any day soon.  I went ahead and kicked in the extra buck for the upgraded Blue Cheese Pecan Chopped Salad aaaaand... I think I should have stayed with the regular house.  Too much dressing.So that's pretty much where the less than average grub stopped.  I chose the grilled salmon and was happy I did.  I decided long ago that I will no longer order steak out.  I'm cheap.  And, honestly, I my steaks are way better than any I've had at any restaurant.  The salmon, however, was fantastic.  It was not overcooked (which often happens at chain restaurants) and was seasoned perfectly.  As always Outback does baked potatoes right.  'Nuff said there.  For dessert I opted for the cheese cake.  I wasn't as big as I'd hoped for, but then again I'm a glutton.  It was, on the other hand, delicious.  Not too sweet, very light, and with a raspberry topping.  I won't get too much into my fiance's dinner.  But I will say that service was very prompt, polite and professional.  I said before that I'm cheap.  Really a better explanation is that I love to find value in how I spend my money (I'm pretty sure that means the same thing).  Outback comes through in this department big time.  It's not everywhere you can get a five gallon bucket full of food for $16.  And even fewer where that bucket is delicious.
4	I had a coupon for a buy one get one free entree where your free entree had to be under $10. I thought that would be pretty limiting but it turns out there are a few entrees under $10 (sandwiches, burgers, small steaks)   We started with the chicken quesadilla appetizer minus mushrooms (gross). It was a good amount of food but nothing spectacular and that may have been because the mushrooms are the spectacular part of the dish. Oh well. I got a wood grilled small steak with fries and a salad while my boyfriend got the Steak Diablo.  My steak was good, his came with a spicy sauce that he could take or leave. I don't foresee that being ordered for a second time. Our waiter was very nice and our food came out very timely.  We didn't have to open the door on the way in or on the way out, I'm a fan of that.
3	Typically we stay away from chains, but we had a giftcard left over from something, so we decided to use it. The appetizer choice came down to the Bloomin' Onion and cheese fries. Go with the cheese fries (I assume, because the former was not that great). I got a hamburger and my wife got a steak. The meal was inexpensive, which I appreciate, but just ok. My wife said nothing about her steak, which I take to mean, it wasn't anything to brag about. The highlight was the service. I think his name was Adam. He knocked it out of the park.
4	I went out to Outback for a light snack. I was seated promptly without any delays. My server was very attentive and helpful with the menu. I ordered the side salad along with the soup for the day. The salad was fresh and crisp and I promise they have the best garlic croutons. The soup was better than I expected it was a creamy onion and cheese soup. And of course they brought out their famous bread and butter!
2	First, I am basing this review on my curb side visits over the last several years..and cannot believe I have not written a review earlier. Years ago i was so excited Outback offered a curb side pickup, make the call, place your order, receive your pickup time. Everything seemed to run smoothly and the food was always good. However, after a year or two the service & consistency of my orders changed so I decided to move on. Recently I decided to give them another shot. Two weeks ago I ordered the sirloin and lobster special, as you see advertised on TV for $14.99. Arrived and was charged $29.99, which I questioned. They placed my order for the filet, which I did not request & they did not say. I was fine with paying for the filet, but got home and it was rare, when I ordered my sirloin medium, ugh! So, tonight, I ordered the simply grilled mahi, served with rice and veggies. Upon arriving I paid and checked my order, no rice. I walked in and did receive a side of rice, however, when I got home the fish was so fishy, it smelled so bad I could not believe it. I threw it away and luckily had a piece of fish from Clean Catch, that I picked up today and was saving for Sunday dinner, but cooked that up to go along with my veggies.Overall, I am so disappointed with the consistency of my orders and hoped for a better experience but will move on. There are too many other restaurants, with better food and equal prices.
3	We were doing an early afternoon hang and stopped in. We ordered the blooming onion and the tidbits. The onion was as always wonderful my not so good value of the day was the tidbits which was advertised as lobster and shrimp appetizer  for $10 and consisted of 7 shrimp and barely 4 pieces of lobster and I say barely because they could barely be seen. Service was as usual excellent.
1	Let me start by saying, I have always been an Outback Steakhouse fan! This is my 4th time coming here and I keep thinking my bad experience was just a one time thing, but it no longer is! And I want so bad for this Outback to do well, because it's close to uptown!I ate at the bar and the bar has a stale beer, dirty smell. Like things have not been cleaned properly. Everyone knows when you walk into a place what that smell is and this Outback had that smell! I had to ask for my spot to be wiped down because there was food and crumbs everywhere! In fact, Ive been sitting here for close to an hour and the bar spot next to me is disgusting. It had potatoes, old food all over the bar and hasn't been cleaned in an hour! Yuck! Each time I have come here, my baked potato is undercooked! Same thing again tonite! Plus the bread isn't even warm enough for the butter to melt on it!Lastly, it is a Wednesday night and this place is empty? Maybe 4-5 tables occupied? I have never, ever been in an Outback that isn't packed, any night of the week! Sad, again because I'm a fan!Nothing worse than eating at the bar and having to hear 4-5 servers hanging around "airing out their dirty laundry" and having to hear all their complaints! This Outback needs a total overhaul! Clean it up and improve the service! Outback was always known for their service! This one I don't feel the warmth! The staff is distant, don't really care and I feel it is "just a job" for them! That is a recipe for a failed restaurant! Sorry, I really want this Outback to do well, but I won't be back until they get much better!
4	Too good to pass up. Fried rice and beef plates are the best here. Lettuce wraps for an appetizer with chicken are a really great start as well
2	Wait time on a Friday was really good.  Unfortunately that's about all that's been good.   Family of 6, my wife being a vegetarian, we're used to being a complex order. 20 minutes after our reservation time we were seated by pleasant staff and our waitress got our drinks promptly. Waited over 10 minutes for refills and no bread came out.  When it did, it was 1 small loaf for 6 people. Then another 8+ for refills and 2nd bread.  Hopefully the food is worth it.45 minutes later....Shrimp was room temperature, all steaks were rare, ordered medium rare.  They tried to reheat the steak, which if you cut it open, loses a lot.  Jamie, the manager on duty had them cook new ones which came out perfect. Aioli for each was 'broken' before it got to the table. Vegetarian taco was woefully light on toppings.  The Pico di Gallo was weak.  They did include avocado, but that's ALL she could taste. My fish taco had very good flavor, but the slaw was tasteless and the same issue with my Pico di Gallo. Found hair in a shrimp skewer...They replaced it of course. They did get the girls cheesecake as an apology.  That's appreciated.  My son opted for the chocolate milk shake which he found to be the best he's had (it's the only kind he gets)Rough day for Outback, clearly.  Management is the only thing that will bring us back.Update: Jamie did right by us.  She resolved our very poor experience to my satisfaction.
4	This location is convenient for meeting my husband for dinner after work. The food is consistently good. Service is okay. Love the ribeye and baked potato.
