5	Jean-Marc Chatellier's bakery in Millvale is a little bit out of the way for almost everyone, but it is totally worth it to go there.  This is possibly the only actual French bakery in town.  Everything here probably represents your entire allotment of both fat and carbs for a week.I am extremely partial to the brioche here, although I have been here many times, sampled many tasty pastries, and haven't had anything that wasn't an explosion of buttery delicious decadence in my mouth.
4	From its exterior, the bakery looks like just another old-fashioned neighborhood store, but first impressions can be deceiving. Despite its dowdy appearance, Jean-Marc Chatellier's is a kick-ass bakery, possibly the only proper patisserie in Pittsburgh.They make well-proportioned croissants that are pure buttery goodness. The exterior is flaky, and the inside is soft and airy, not too bread-y. In addition to the traditional plain, they also offer ones stuffed with apples, cherries, raisins, or chocolate. I was also impressed by their variety of pastries. The apple strudel was awesome. Of the brioches, I liked the ones with the almond paste the best.  The one drawback: the shop is difficult to get to without a car, and the good stuff may be sold out already if you show up in the afternoon. 4.5 stars
5	Walk in the front door and you're overwhelmed with the scent of butter.  Everything must have a million calories, but I don't care.  The pastries and breads are top-notch.  The Breton Cake melts in your mouth and is reasonably priced.  I've ordered cakes from here as well; they're a little on the pricey side but worth every dime.  In 8 years of patronizing Jean-Marc's, I have never been dissatisfied, except when I go in too late on a Saturday and the shelves are empty. :(
5	Authentic French style bakery.  Not like those other "french" places (Crepes/Le Pommier/Le Mont/Etc).  This place is owned and ran by a wonderful french baker.  It's out of the way sure, but we got our birthday cake there and were in awe of how mouth watering and knee tremblingly delicious it was.  The croissants are good, the holiday cakes and rolls are to kill for (literally).  And the baker himself is just a doll!  Everything is just melt or explode in your mouth delicious and buttery.  Not for lite eaters.
5	Hands down the best chocolate croissants in town.Have bought some to share at work and everyone was impressed!They are Super flaky, buttery, and smells & tast heavenly delicious.Caution, not diet friendly....
5	We love Jean-Marc so much we had to bring out french friends in to try the food.  They fell in love, with the food and Jean-Marc.  We grabbed some pastries, tiny tortes, and some croissants for the road.  They were gone by the end of the day. I can't recommend this place enough!!Check out his site for yourselveshttp://www.jeanmarcchatellier.com/It's nothing fancy, but his food is incredible!
4	Very solid basics even tho the looks is not as appearing as european standard. This nice little bakery is kind of out of the way for most pittsburgher (including me) and the pictures I found for their shop and cakes are just not that attractive. I am glad that I finally made it here.  Tried their blackforest cake first and was very pleased. It looks just like another blackforest cake in american bakery, but the texture of the cake is very fine and delicate. Awesome! If I have to order a cake for a birthday or wedding thing, I would definitely consider it as my first choice (but decorate it myself).
4	La Gourmandine has "rien" on Jean-Marc! RIEN! Jean-Marc's croissants (plain, almond, and chocolate) are light and delicious and his "palmier," or "elephant ears" were also light and just sweet enough. I am looking forward to trying his "tarte aux pommes." Allez!!! Oh, his sweet treats are half the cost of La Gourmandine's and easily twice as good!
5	This is my favorite spot for real baguettes and croissant in Pittsburgh.  I can't even call the logs they sell at Giant Eagle a stick of bread when compared to Jean-Marc. They also give tasty little samples of shortbread and this past week made a tasty open face ham and cheese.  This place was hard hit by the great MIillvale flood and is worth supporting.  Not to be missed and is across the street from the Lincoln Dinner part of the world famous Pamela's chain.
4	Love this place, though it's a bit isolated from civilization. And by 'civilization' I mean Pittsburgh, which, for many, calls the credibility of this review into question I'm sure. So I'll be brief. The baguettes are so delicious. I want one inside me at all times. A bientot, Marie-France. A bientot, Paul.
5	Whenever I tell people I moved from Shadyside to Millvale they always remind me that being so close to Jean-Marc's makes up for the loss of all the good restaurants.Being able to get a cup of (actually good) coffee and a breakfast pastry for $3 should be enough to make you want to come here. That's $3 in cash mind you, like many small businesses the minimum for cards is $10.The macarons and bittersweet chocolate croissants are perfectly made. The cakes look delicious. The ladies behind the counter are friendly and can take an order ahead of time, which I absolutely recommend that you do. There are discounts for bulk orders, even. Keep in mind that Jean-Marc is baking back there himself, and that this is a small bakery. I've seen people walk in and ask for all the chocolate crossiants they have without an order placed in advance, and then get upset when they can't bring the whole bakery to their office - they don't have more pastries waiting in the wings, Jean-Marc bakes them throughout the day. And really, would you want it any other way?Please excuse me for a moment whilst I defend my neighborhood, which some are attacking - Millvale is not dumpy, as a below reviewer exclaimed, it's just a residential row-house neighborhood (just like Lawrenceville WAS) that hasn't quite moved on from the lack of mill work yet - not to mention the seven-year trainwreck called Route 28 in the process of being cleared up. It is quintessentially Pittsburgh. If you go over the 40th St Bridge to get here, you'll have a brioche in one hand and a coffee in the other in no time at all.
5	My wife and I live right around the corner from here, and in the mornings I catch the bus right on Jean-Marc's doorstep. Occasionally I'll stop in for a brioche and a cup of coffee while I'm waiting. At 7 am the brioche are still warm from the oven and the coffee is unexpectedly wonderful. Sometimes on these mornings if it's a pleasant spring day, I'll even let a bus pass me by as I sit out front. Because on a cool morning, with a warm pastry, a hot cup of coffee, and only $3 lighter, I wouldn't want to interrupt a moment that's so near to perfect.
5	My favorite favorite way to start the day is a cheese croissant and a coffee at Jean-Marc's.Never been there? That's a shame, because no matter where you live, you will be happy you made the drive.Spread the love and take a dozen to share with friends. Enjoy watching their faces when they try one for the first time. You will smile because now they know what you do.  Enjoying his pastries is a pure personal pleasure moment.  The return trip is always better because as you get closer to Milvale, your anticipation mounts for the first savory bite. Satisfaction received like nowhere else in town. Enjoy.
5	Thinking of moving to Millvale so I can have a hot coffee, warm croissant and smile from Cindy in the morning.  You make my day!  I know what I want for my birthday and it's at JMC in Millvale!
5	In one week I encountered these DELISH pastries three times as multiple coworkers brought them in and told me "Oh you must go to Jean-Marc!"   So I grabbed my partner in crime and we made our way there.  Literally packed on a Saturday morning 9 am and we left with a BIG BOX:  My favorite- VANILLA CREAM CROISSANT. His favorite CHOCOLATE CROISSANT.Others- CHOCOLATE BRIOCHE, a special order he just happened to have when my boss went one morning.  SO GOOD.  In addition to all the yummy pastries, the place is adorable, tucked into Millvale, with a quaint storefront, and the French accent of Jean-Marc there to greet you.
5	I have been here close to 15 times and it is always spectacular. The service is always wonderful. Sometimes on Saturday mornings the place is crowded but the staff behind the counter never gets upset and is always pleasant.   There is a $10 minimum on credit and debit cards which seems reasonable. I always buy the plain and chocolate croissants. Just like buying a dozen bagels at Brueggers, I buy a dozen croissants. When I get them home my wife likes to just open the bag and she swears that she's transported to France. The pain au chocolat really are fabulous. I recently tried the macarons and they too are marvelous.
5	So I finally gave in to moving around before 2PM on a Saturday to come see Jean-Marc and taste his baked goods. I was running low on excuses, since a round trip takes me all of 20 minutes to make. The place is highly unassuming on North Street, a small strip of stores in Millvale that very, er, rustic - with a simple red-white-and-blue sign announcing it's presence. The inside of this place is tiny, where the customers are, anyways. Two pastry cases - one on the left has pastries, cake slices, mini pies, and more - most of them being $3.50(Except for these large, beautiful penguins with are $5). The one inside the door has all of your bread-pastries(croissants, brioche), ladylocks, cupcakes, etc(Most of these are around $2 I think), and to the right there are the full pies($8 and up), cakes, and the Macarons. Samples of cakes, Breton, and other items are strewn about the store.Being it's a French bakery, the Macarons were a given. You can get them individually for $1.35 or so, a half dozen for $8, and a full dozen for about $15. In my two trips here, I've tried quite a few, and they're all outstanding, but of note are the two floral flavors, Rose Raspberry and Poppy Lavender. My girlfriend is a floral fanatic, and had to try. Usually upset at the flavors not matching the description, there was no disconnect here. The rose(A flavor I'm usually not fond of) tastes like chewing rose petals in the best way possible, and the Lavender is much the same, tasting strong of its aroma. The fruit flavors are also very nice and the their texture is out of this world: Crisp, a bit chewy, and filled with ganache.The brioches are wonderful, the cheese being the favorite I had so far, super soft and tasting slightly eggy(in a good way). We've also tried some of the pastries. The seasonal pumpkin cheesecake is excellent, with a layer of chocolate on top and a highly spiced crust. Also the St. Honore, a giant puff pastry with whipped cream, strawberries, and just a dot of delicious caramel on top, was outstanding. Next time I go, I have my eyes on the beautiful Apple tarts, and the amazing looking Cappuccino Tiramisu.Jean-Marc's is a fabulous bakery, and its proximity to Attic Records should be a no-brainer to convince you to make a quick trip to Millvale on a saturday morning. Come early, because the selection was notably smaller when we came at 1pm. Also, the meters on the street take dimes, and are $0.25 for an hour.
5	My boyfriend and I have been going here for a long time, and I just have to say that Jean-Marc's stuff is the BEST! We enjoy the macarons (Salty Caramel is my favorite!) and the breakfast pastries. I especially enjoy the Brioche. So good!Their desserts are delicious, too...we ordered a Key Lime Pie for Christmas, and some croissants for our Christmas Day brunch. Try the quiche, it is amazing as well.Love, love, love Jean-Marc!Merci!
5	The Breton Cake is something fabulous, it's a traditional shortcake that originated in Brittany. Ridiculously good.  Everything is good here, I especially like the tarts.  Really worth the visit!
5	I have been to many french bakeries in France and the US.   Jean Mac has figured out how to create a french AND pittsburg bakery.   I have eaten from here dozens of times....at my chef brothers hoouse, birthday cakes or my own semi-drop ins.  Saturday I bought a lemon/respbery tart and 12 macarons.  The tart.   I am sooooo glad I bought a whole one.....it is soooooo lemony and light, yes, I said light! And the macarons!   I bought chocolait, salted caramel and vanilla.  All three are  delicious, exquisite, to die for, yummy.   Pick one of these words or any other in a similar range.Yes...I will keep going back, butI felt I NEEDED to give Jean Marc praise today!
3	I've read fantastic reviews of this place so I wanted to give it a try. The place itself is very unassuming and I was impressed with the selection.  However the price was a bit of a shock, partly due to its location and partly due to the fact that I was coming from P&G Diner across the street where my entire breakfast cost less than the price for half a dozen macaroons. I tried the chocolate croissant which I found very light and flaky yet very flavorful.  I also tried a piece of espresso tiramisu. It was good, not too heavy or sweet.  I would recommend the croissant and if I'm nearby I will probably stop in again, perhaps to try something new.  But I don't know that I would go out of my way.  After reading the other reviews, I wonder what I'm missing.
5	Once upon a time, I wondered why the french are so well regarded for pastry, especially the croissant.Then I visited Jean Marc and the answer is clear, it's heaven in your mouth! Even plain they are a delicacy, and filled with custard is beyond good.Don't miss the Breton cake, which they usually offer samples of, and the Paris Brest filled with cream.Also wonderful are the fruit tarts, I especially love the apple which elevates apple to a whole new level.Thanks for making your home in Pittsburgh, Jean Marc, you are a treasure of our city! We are so grateful you stuck it out after the flood.
5	I tried every flavor of macaron here in under an hour. Granted, this was my first macaron experience so I will not claim to have any point of comparison, but they were at once delicious, complex in texture, and intensely flavored. Favorites: Nutella, vanilla, chocolate, lemon, strawberry, PB&J*.Also, the Breton cake is a buttery, delightful thing. Be sure to try any of the baked goods available for sampling.
5	I have written happy things about other bakeries, and they were not lies... but I had no idea what I was talking about. Knowledge based on experience is, obvs, limited by the experiences that you have had. So, Jean-Marc's Bakery, in unassuming Millvale, is the experience that made pretty much every other bakery experience pale in comparison (except my dearly loved almond croissant from Athan's in Brighton Center bc that is call-your-friends-in PGH-and-tell-them-to-visit-Boston good.) It's not that the atmosphere is especially lovely or the service especially charming, although both are fine. It's the macarons. Specifically, it's the pistachio macaron... and the lemon macaron... and the salted caramel. And then it's the croissant that is buttery and flaky but not dry or crunchy. And the sugar brioche that is HUGE and dense, but not chewy, with crunches of sugar crystal on top that has become pretty much my favorite anytime treat. So, yes. It is rather expensive to buy macarons. 6 for $8 or $1.35 a piece. And there is a card minimum ($10, I think) and it is somewhat out of the way. But really, I can get there just as quickly/easily as I can get to other L-ville-area bakeries and the baked goods are better by such a degree that going to Jean-Marc is totally worth it. Unless you want to go Sunday or Monday because what is up with Pittsburgh bakeries all being closed on Sundays when I want a not-breakfast/not-brunch snack and Mondays when I really need an early morning bakery fix?
5	best bakery ever!!! they will make my wedding cake one day!!
4	Listen, the baked goods here are good. No, they are outstanding. So outstanding that the yelpernet seduced me into driving an unreasonable distance out of my way to fill my face with fancy French foods. Yup, confirmed: pastries rivaling the mouthgasms that I've happened upon in Paris (food related, you perv). French macaroons: Get the burnt caramel, or I will burn you. Other flavors are worthwhile, but you will be taking up a night shift at the local factory to pay for the dozen you just bought for $15.Standard macaroons: ohmuhguh.Apricot filled cookie things: HNNNNGNGG.Regrettably for my tastebuddies and wallet, this was all I was able to devour. Next time I'm in town I will certainly try EVERYTHING.Why 4 stars? Two reasons. First, the prices are out of line with reality. This place is in the middle of nowheresville, not downtown. I'll pay out for the good stuff (you should see my whisk[e]y collection as evidence), but you have to draw a line somewhere. I should shut up, though, because I paid for it and will do it again next time. So, shut your face, me. Second, the shop closed at 5 PM the day we went. We arrived at 4:45 and felt a bit rushed by the woman working there to make a decision. We may have choked under pressure while considering all of the fat-inducing options much to the dismay of the employee. As we sat in the car across the street immediately filling our faces with a bag and box of coma-inducingly delicious pastries and baked goods, a woman tried to walk in the door to find it locked at 4:55. There were still employees there and the sign clearly said that the place closed at 5. The would-be customer literally looked like she was about to cry after knocking on the door a few times only to give up and walk away......And that's how good Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery is.
5	We got married at Mr. Small's in Millvale a couple of weeks ago, and Jean-Marc made our wedding cake.  The cake was so beautiful, and so perfectly delicious, it served every guest at least one slice of heaven.  Perhaps it even upstaged the bride.  It was transcendent.  Thank you Jean-Marc, for baking us the cake of our dreams.ps. Your macarons are the best we've ever tasted in our lives, better than all the macarons in Paris.
4	I found Jean-Marc based on many referrals from all around Pittsburgh. I was looking for french macarons to distribute as favors for my wedding. Let me tell you- these are the BEST macarons you will find in Pittsburgh. I recommend the salted caramel flavor, although there are many to choose from. Tres Fantastique!!
5	Go here. Eat one of each of the macarons. Ignore the price. Change your life!!!
5	These are some good treats, my friends. The girls at the counter were very friendly and patient with us as we made our selections. The brioche is excellent as are the macarons. Of the 7 macaron flavors I tried, I was not disappointed with one. Is "macaron" French for "amazing?" It seemed like they could use an interior decorator to really make the place stand out, but people will come back for the pastries regardless. I highly recommend taking some time to make a trip here. It is moderately pricey, but better than you might find elsewhere.
5	Jean-Marc has the BEST cake and pastries in all of Pittsburgh (if not the state and/or country).  Seriously, how can you go wrong with someone who uses such fresh ingredients?  I don't even like chocolate cake with white icing - but I love Jean-Marc's half and half cake!  I also am obsessed with the raspberry filling... yum for fresh raspberries!  The icing is just out of this world.  The pastries are also delicious.  I love the salted caramel macarons... so good.  And the original reason that we found him (in the 90s) was because my grandmother (who was born in France) wanted to try his croissant, which are also delicious. He can also be helpful in a pinch.  I forgot to place an order for my mom's birthday cake until really late.  But he helped me out and was very nice about it (but always be nice in return, because he doesn't take any crap!  good for him!).We had our wedding out of state, and the only thing that I was disappointed about was the fact that we wouldn't be able to have Jean-Marc's cake for our wedding!
5	I heard many amazing stories about this place and I finally got a chance to check it out last weekend. Everything there was absolutely amazing. Just delicious. My only complaint is that I wish it was closer to where I live (Sq Hill) and had more evening hours. I would be going there every week at least! The fact that it's in Millvale limits my ability to go. I wish he'd open a second bakery in the East End!!!
5	I stopped by here this past Saturday morning with my girlfriend for a snack.  Our original plan did not include this side trip but after my girlfriend read a few yelp reviews we decided to stop by.The outside of the shop is unassuming and the inside looks much what you would think a bakery would.  There are display cases with baked goods everywhere and they even have quite a few samples to try.  After looking everything over I decided to get an espresso macaroon and croissant while my girlfriend went with a hazelnut something and salted caramel macaroon.  I tried my macaroon first and found it to be good but nothing above average.  Then I tried my girlfriends macaroon and boy was it good.  Salty, sweet and savory all packed into such a tiny package. My girlfriend being the nice person that she is traded me the rest of her macaroon for mine and I was a happy guy.  After the macaroons were gone I was eager to dig into my croissant and it did not disappoint. The outside was flaky, delicate and buttery while the inside was soft and chewy making a perfect combination.The bottom line for me is that I would head here again in the future.  I am actually looking forward to trying more of their macaroons, especially the lavender poppy!
5	Most bakeries will have one or two things that are amazing, and then a bunch of mediocre stuff that they don't sell a lot of but that fills their cases.  At Jean Marc's, every single thing I've ever tried has been AMAZING.The macarons, the cakes, the shortbread...seriously, it's the best.  My favorite thing here are the salted caramel macarons, but I can't emphasize enough that EVERYTHING is good!  The girls at the counter are always friendly, and there are usually samples of different baked goods out as well.  Definitely give it a try!!
5	A friend of mine told me about this bakery and boy am I ever glad that he did! I had the salted caramel macaroon, plain croissant, raspberry brioche salted caramel and rose raspberry macaroon. Outstanding! The salted caramel macaroon danced in my mouth like a symphony of angels. You really must try this but be forewarned that it has quite an effect on the senses. I personally didn't care for the rose macaroon. The raspberry brioche is dense but not heavy: I look forward to using the plain version to make French Toast. Last but not least the plain croissant is hands down the best croissant that I've ever eaten in my life. It has spoiled me permanently and nothing but Jean-Marc Chatellier's will ever do to satisfy my croissant cravings. His pastries are so incredible that a feeling of euphoria completely washed over me while eating them. Its as if somehow Mr. Chatellier is able to transfer love and happiness to his customers via his baked goods. You must check out this bakery!
4	What a great little place.  I love that it's located in Millvale as opposed to another "hip" Pittsburgh neighborhood.  I stopped in one day about 20 minutes before they were scheduled to close and I didn't feel pressured to leave or hurry.  It's quite a bit to take in--beautifully decorated confections in two cases.  Between the fondant penguins (which I held back on) and the macaroons, there were important decisions to be made.  I got a dozen macaroons in various flavors.  Pistachio and salted caramel are spot on.  Soft yet crisp.  Light but dense.  Fresh.  This is definitely what a "treat" should be.Jean Marc also gave me a chocolate truffle.  Oh boy.  It was good.  Dark chocolate.
5	Get the Almond Croissant!! It is sooo good! But other pastries are really good as well. Definitely a place to buy your morning pastries from.
4	Nice macaroons and cakes.
5	One day I got bored and I decided to go on a mini self-guided tour of Pittsburgh bakery (I went to Vanilla pastry studio, La Gourmandine Bakery and Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery.)I got French fresh raspberry cake and cupcakes(oreos, peanut butter and butter cream). I had a mouth-gasm with the fresh raspberry cake and I really like those cupcakes as well, peanut butter one in particular-cupcakes are not dry like some other places and makes me want to stuff the whole thing when no one is looking. Price is really good as well, but they had $10 minimum charge on card(it did not matter that much bc I easily spent well over $10 anyway).
5	I've always had a bad opinion of macaroons.  Which I still do, don't much care for coconut.  Well, this place has macarons, which are nothing like a macaroon.  Granted, I only tried three different kinds so far, Lemom, Nutella (Yes, Nutella) and chocolate.  The lemon was good, been having a slight craving for lemon, but the Nutella was almost life changing.  Then I'm really skeptical on anything chocolate, this was some good chocolate.  I can't wait to visit again.  Highly recommended.
5	Do you want to know how good Jean-Marc's naturally gluten-free macarons are? I am (moderately) ALLERGIC TO EGGS and I popped a benadryl and ate 3 of those luscious delights. Yup. That's how good they are. Now, I don't make this a regular thing, but let me tell you... it is worth being sick over. The salted caramel is my absolute favorite and I am a mega chocolate lover. It even trumps the chocolate for me. The nutella macaron is a close second and then the espresso. There are a variety of flavors and if I could, I would try them all. I have not had any other items from here because I am 100% gluten free as well as a million other things, but if this bubble girl who is allergic to everything will eat a macaron from this bakery, you know it must be good!! Do yourself a favor and make the trip to Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery!
5	Holy mackerel! Or should I say Holy Vanilla Croissant! This place is out-of-this-world delicious. I cannot remember ever going to a bakery this good in the US, and possibly even when I was actually in France. I'd highly recommend the recommend the raspberry cake, the vanilla croissant mentioned earlier, and - perhaps above all else - the Kouign Amann. I remember having a pastry similiar to the last one often on the way to class from a french bakery while I lived in London and I never thought I'd find anything like that here again. So good! A part of me is really happy that this place is a bit of a drive from where I live. Otherwise, it could be dangerous.
5	Put it in your mouth....in your...  ...   Mouth...    Seriously just do this. I love going here, best desserts in Pittsburgh and always consistent.
5	The best croissants in town and the ONLY bakery to get Kouign-Amann!!  What is a Kouign-amann you ask? It's a croissant raised to the doughnut power!! Sweet, buttery, flaky perfection in every single bite! Can't wait to go back!
5	Best croissants!!! I always get a plain and a chocolate. They're usually eaten by the end of the 40th st. bridge on the way to work. Authentic and awesome, I can't believe you haven't been over there yet! GO!
5	The kouign amann is exceptional; I've never had this pastry elsewhere but omg it is awesome.  Great croissants, friendly service.  It's rare and wonderful to find a bakery that really is all scratch.  The macarons are delicious but very pricy.  The lavender poppy macaron was really great and very unique.  Trust me on the kouign amann--get an extra one, it won't go to waste.
5	Super duper yummy. I loved the macaroons. I got salted caramel, rose raspberry, & lavender poppy. So good. I will continue to go back. I also enjoyed all of the free samples and my boyfriend enjoyed his two pastries as well, I just forget what they were called. The only thing I don't like it the location and neighborhood. It was so cute inside though, felt really romantic.
5	The best French bakery I have been to outside of France. If you want the best macarons (not macaroons), go here and get a mixed dozen. You will not be disappointed, the macarons have a crunchy shell with a chewy interior and a delicious cream center. Before you know it, you have devoured the entire dozen and you'll be craving for more!The tarts and mousse cakes are equally as amazing, I had the chocolate and raspberry and they didn't last 5 minutes. If you want a dessert for yourself and your special someone, go here. Both of you will end the night on a spectacular note.The Kouign Amann (pronounced, kween a-mon) is the closest to heaven you will get while still being alive. Imagine a regular croissant with caramelized sugar on top. Having one with your morning coffee, you cannot help but have a good day. Also, kougin amann is way better than a cronut. Yeah I said, I went there. Suck it cronut.Thanks to Rick Sebak for featuring this bakery on his It's Pittsburgh series, the rest of the city needs to know about this place and support the best French bakery outside of France!
5	I noticed that this kept popping up as the #1 food place in all of Pittsburgh. I live close by and decided to stop in yesterday just to try some macarons. Long story short,Laduree and Pierre Herme have absolutely NOTHING on Jean-Marc.I have said enough, the macarons speak for themselves. I think I shall make another trip later this week to try some other baked goods, which I am sure are just as sumptuous.
4	At no time on my drive to visit Jean-Marc Chatellier's French Bakery, did I feel like I was traveling to a wonderful French bakery.  Millvale is a whole 'nother world.  I must have been out of my mind for traveling to this part of town for a little self-indulgence.Once inside the shop, I felt a little bit better.  And everything here looked so delicious.  It was very hard to make a decision as to what I should get!  The people that work here are so nice!  Even the other customers were very friendly, pointing out the good stuff.I decided to pick up some of their French macarons.  I've been on a kick lately.  The more macarons, the better!  I also picked up some of their cheese croissants and an apple tartlet.  Turns out, everything I got here was very good.  The macarons were near perfection.  The croissants were very good.  And the apple tartlet was amazing.  I should have gotten more than one.  The best apple tartlet ever.  Pretty to look at, even better to devour.  Even BJ loved it!  I think I will have to come back for another visit.  Real soon!
5	I will go nowhere else from now on for baked goods!The ladies that helped me out there today were so friendly, patient, warm and helpful. I love that.The  kouign amann is the best thing I have ever eaten and I could eat it all day, every day. They're sweet, buttery perfection!The macarons are worth every penny, probably worth more! I tried the salted caramel and lemon and savored every bit. There is no word to describe how amazingly delicious these cookies are. Believe it or not, there are more downstairs. They're calling my name and I'm having a terrible time resisting the temptation to run down there and devour every crumb!We also tried a sample of the raspberry cake. No other cake will ever compare to that. Ever.I can't wait to go back and pick up more!
3	Out of 5:1.5 - Croissant: internal butter layer was collapsed, leaving one large pocket of air and no classic fluffy inside.  I also had high expectations.2.0 - Macarons: sweet like candy with a crispy yet slightly fluffy shell with a chewy creamy center.  Too sweat for scarfing down, for better or worse!2.5 - Brioche3.0 - Kouign Amann: instant sweetness followed by satisfying airiness and a sugar crunch at the end.
5	Best place in Pittsburgh.  The croissants and macaroons are great.  Every time here was a great experience.
5	I didn't know how much I loved macarons until I went to Jean-Marc's! I didn't even know there was a difference between a macaron and macaroon. I thought both were the not-so-great coconut cookies that I've shied away from due to my dislike of coconut. However, when I saw the rave reviews on the macarons, specifically the salted caramel ones, I realized that I must be missing something and that I owed it to myself to try these supposedly awesome macarons (the ones with one 'O', not two). I'm now in love with macarons! Although they were pricier than I expected (about $16 for a dozen!), I got a variety during my visit. My hands-down favorite was the salted caramel. The previous great reviews were SO deserved! I also really enjoyed the espresso, Nutella and pistachio. I would rate them a 9 on a scale of 1 to 10. The salted caramel would get a 10 rating, or higher if that's possible! I sampled some other goodies that were on the counter and while I don't recall the names of these desserts/pastries, they were also awesome. I will definitely be going back here! This little gem may be the only reason I ever venture into Millvale!
5	I am about the furthest thing from a Francophile... BUT THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!The macaroons are what draws a large part of the crowd, and that is because they are sensational.  That was my primary purpose for going, until I tried some of the bread.Best bread and pastries in the city hands down.  Beyond that, the magic hand of the baker makes better pastries that I have had anywhere across Europe.  This shop is a regional treasure and should be celebrated in our city.PS - Get there early.  Sometimes selections are thinned out by 9am.  Prices could be 4x what they are now and still sell out.
5	The Macaroons here are wonderful! Definitely trying out other bakery next time!
3	I was in the area and I knew JMC was close by so i plugged into my gps because i was craving some macarons. Unfortunately they weren't that great. I got four flavors, nutella, lavender poppy, salted caramel, and rose. I have had all these flavors at other patisseries so I knew what to expect and the artificial flavor and sweetness overload was not it! These may be cheaper than Gaby et Jules' but they are NOT better. The macarons are vibrant in color, small, and and a thick layer of cream filling with a dense meringue shell . The  The rose flavor was nice but by the final bite my mouth was overcome by how sweet it was, the lavender poppy again tasted like lavender overload but the sweetness totally killed it. I would have to say the worst was the salted caramel which the woman behind the counter described as the most popular one - tasted like caramel syrup in macaron form. I also expect flakiness in a macaron and these seemed too dense to flake from maybe over baked? I love ice cream, cakes, and cookies so it takes a lot for me to say that something is too sweet but these were. I also got a chocolate mouse cake pastry and it was ok. Nothing to write home about. I would bill this bakery as a french style bakery not a French Bakery because it seems very Americanized in the portions, flavors, and style of the pastries.  On the plus side the shortbread and raspberry cake they were sampling were delicious. The lady was very nice and the store was easy to find and there was lots of street parking.
5	Jean-Marc's is definitely one of the best bakeries in Pittsburgh. I like to stop here after doing some record shopping. Their pastries are out of this world. The kouign aman and creme brulee are my favorites. The prices are great and the staff is very helpful. I've been to a couple of other French bakeries around the city and none of them compare.
4	Stopped here for the very first time today. Of note millvale is adorable! Street parking was a breeze- bring your quarters though. The small shop was packed and we quickly picked out three flavors of macaroons. The marzipan was our favorite for its texture- crispy on the outside and rich in the middle. The Nutella and salty caramel were also delicious- but didn't have the same crispness- much more chewy. Can't wait to go back and try more.
5	Love this place :) always come down here whenever I'm in Pittsburgh! Best traditional macarons I've had in the city. Soft, even after refrigeration with a crispy shell. Always get the vanilla and pistachio here. They even have marzipan flavors and seasonal flavors. About $9 for 6 and $18 for a dozen. A bit pricy but well worth it in this place. Parking is easy and super cheap in millvale. However, the colors are artificial but the flavors are not!
5	Back in college many moons ago, I traveled around France for a few weeks during a summer break. I'm not a fan of French food, so the entire time I was there I pretty much subsisted on pain au chocolates, croissants, baguettes, and macarons.Let me tell you, the pastries you can get at Jean Marc's are just as good as the ones I ate in France. Actually, these pastries are BETTER, because you don't have to hop on a plane to get them! The croissants are buttery and flaky, with just that right amount of chewy bounce when you bite into them. The danishes are equally flaky with a perfect amount of filling. And the macarons -- ohhh, they are dessert bliss, with a wonderfully sweet, crispy shell and soft center.  I've never had a treat here that I didn't love -- the kouign amanns, the sacristans, the tarts -- it's just all SO GOOD.In addition to loving the pastries here, I love the humble storefront and the fact that it's in a less trendy neighborhood (for the record, I think Millvale is adorable!). I always feel like I'm visiting a hidden gem when I go here, even though I know that the secret about this place has definitely been out for a long time! The whole vibe of this shop is just so rustic and quaint and wonderful. Pittsburgh is very lucky to have Jean Marc's!I'm just glad that I don't live within walking distance of this place, or I would have a serious problem.
5	I used to live in Pittsburgh & come back here every time I visit.  Quaint shop in Millvale.  Always delicious.  Light, buttery, scrumptious croissants.  Chocolate croissants are to die for.  Macaroons are fantastic.  Jean Marc makes the best key lime pie that I have ever had.  It's fresh, made with real key limes and has a homemade graham cracker crust.  I highly recommend a visit to this bakery.
5	Love it. Don't miss the macarons.
5	I wish I could live on Jean-Marc's macarons.  Seriously incredible.  We have had Jean-Marc cakes for multiple special occasions, and they are always fantastic.  His buttercream is to die for...actually, everything here is to die for.
5	Clearly the best cake in Pittsburgh. The quality and texture of their cakes, their fillings (the raspberry mousse is incredible), their buttercreams and ganaches is outstanding. Macarons, truffles, and croissants are also excellent. I would go here everyday if I could!
5	It really doesn't get much better than Jean-Marc's! He has the best croissant I've had outside of France. And the best (gluten-free) macarons in the city. I want to click my heels three times and go there right now!
3	I came for the macarons, and they ended up being hit and miss as far as flavor. I will say the texture and feel were right on, however a few flavors were so-so. The vanilla was quite muted, the strawberry tasted artificial, and the rose macarons had way too much rose. I felt like someone had just sprayed perfume in my mouth with each bite. Overall it is a cute little place and inviting, but for me I expected more based on the reviews. I am glad I came, but will keep on my trek for the perfect macarons
3	I was not at impressed with the Macaroons. The flavor was not as "fresh" as I would have like. The saving grace at time was the Breton. Burnt Almond torte was ok.
5	I learned of this place from watching Rick Sebak's program, "The Joys of Millvale" on WQED (for those not familiar with Pittsburgh, that's Pittsburgh's PBS affiliate - they gave the world Mr. Rogers).  Everything looked so delicious on the show that I knew I had to go see this place in person.  So, on the way back from the Pittsburgh Mills, I stopped by Millvale and went and found it.  Millvale is a quaint little suburb, and the street where Jean-Marc's is located is, as well.  You will feel like you had driven back in time to the first half of the 20th Century.  It was a Saturday afternoon.  The street was relatively busy, but I found metered parking right across the street from the bakery.  A Quarter got me an hour of parking, which was way more than I needed, because the service was friendly and efficient.  I walked into the little bakery.  Immediately, I saw Jean-Marc behind the counter near the cash register, assisting some other customers.  He was not the one who helped me, but it is just nice to see the owner and baker in the place, especially when he's helping people.  The lady behind the counter directly in front of me finished up with the customer ahead of me, looked me in the eye, and asked how she could help me.  I told her that I was here for some Macarons.  She asked me if i wanted a dozen or a half dozen.  I looked at the prices and decided on a half dozen.  Then she asked me what flavors I wanted.  This was not an easy decision, because they have so many, and they all sounded delicious.  I opted for Peanut Butter and Jelly, Marzipan, Lemon, Raspberry, Mango Passion Fruit, and Nutella.  She boxed them up for me, I paid, and five minutes after parking my car, I was on my way.I was supposed to come here with a friend, but since I made a spontaneous decision to stop by alone, I promised her I would save her one or three Macarons.  Well, the whole half-dozen made it home alright.  But later that afternoon, I got hungry and wanted a snack.  So, I decided to try one.  I soon discovered that just eating one is not possible.  They were so sweet and light and fluffy, and they melted deliciously right in my mouth.  The six of them lasted only a couple of minutes.  I guess I'll just have to go back for more and try some of their delicious Palmiers (Elephant Ears, basically)!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!  If I ever get married, it would have to be a woman who is willing to get our wedding cake from here, because that is a deal breaker!
4	Okay, I'll admit it, sometimes I can be wrong.  One morning, craving some pastries, I decided to head back to Jean-Marc's.  I got a few croissants and a few sweet treats for later.  I've been back a few times since and when I want a croissant, this has been my first stop.  Part of the reason I've added a star might be because, with the addition of a few good breweries, Millvale has grown on me.  It may also have something to do with Rick Sebak's "The Joys of Millvale" reminding me how much Millvale has to offer.  The small town feel and friendly attention given by local businesses is something special and there's no lack of that here.  The bakery itself is a little small and when more than two or three customers are browsing for baked goods, it can start to get crowded.  Some of the items are a tad on the pricey side for my taste, but they're comparable to any other bakery around town.  But what you get is good quality, all made by one man, fresh every day like he's been doing for decades.  Add a smiling face behind the counter, and okay, you got me, I'll be back for more.
5	Hot chocolate was absolutely gorgeous- not too rich, just the right consistency. Canolis and the black and white cake were of course to die for, as were the eclairs. I always use the wait service here and the waiters waitresses are always super polite and always have just the right recommendation if you ask. Highly recommended especially if you've got children with you!
5	If you want great desserts, you have come to the right place. I love the assortment of cookies but the tiramisu has some bragging rights! They also have a busy gelato stand outside that has every flavor with delicous cones.
