1	House of Window Coverings has the most unprofessional and unhelpful employees ever. I wanted to redo all of the windows in my house and their designer Jan came to help me decide what to get.Jan was rude, condescending and just snarky. I had to chase her back to her car, because I wasn't done. I really wanted the window coverings or would have given up. I decided to get shutters for the whole house, placed the order and put down the deposit.Several days later the installers called to schedule the measuring. I was driving so asked if they could call back in an hour or two when I was home. After we hung up I got another phone call, and when I answered it turned out one of the installers had butt-dialed me back by accident and I could hear them talking about me. Jan had told them seriously horrible things about me (we were together for like one hour with my then 18-month-old son at home) and I could hear them discussing it. Seriously? What could have happened in an hour with a lone woman and a young toddler? Jan was obviously uninterested in me as a customer, judgemental and the worse salesperson ever. The installers were saying how mean I was and I was mad because they called while I was driving. Really? What I said almost word for word was, "I'm driving now and can't access my calendar which is on my computer at home. Can you call me back in an hour or two?".I was so mad I called the owner and cancelled my order and got my $3000 deposit back. Luckily I had paid by credit card so they had no choice but to give me my money back. Fast forward to now, three years later. As of 1 month ago I still hadn't gotten the shutters I wanted because I was so irritated by the previous experience. But a month ago I finally bit the bullet and called Sunburst. What a refreshing change. The guys they sent out were nice and helpful. If they had any negative thoughts about me and my family they kept it professionally to themselves.  My beautiful new shutters, complete with lifetime guarantee, were installed by two very nice and professional guys and look wonderful.I probably should be grateful about the bad experience I had BEFORE the shutters were really ordered. Any company with such unprofessional people can be counted on to do an unprofessional job. I see the location I initially ordered my shutters from, on Horizon Ridge in Henderson, has since closed. I'm not surprised that such a crappy company couldn't sell enough to pay the rent there.
4	Maybe Marcy was a horrible customer but I can not believe the allegations she made.  My wife and I had wonderful experiences with House of Window Coverings.  Jan who was out to give us estimates on curtains shocked us with the price of custom curtains but that is because we were naive on what it would cost.  She was pleasant and suggested other options.  We dealt mostly with Alina and she was wonderful and we are happy with both the shutters and the shades we have. enough so that we will be getting more shades installed instead of curtains.
1	This is the worst buying experience I have had in at least 10 years!  Julie Gugino, blind consultant, came to our brand new house to measure for blinds. I told her that the most important thing for us was to have the CORDLESS blinds and we picked out and ordered $2900 worth of CORDLESS blinds from her.  When the installer came to the house (the first time), he told my husband that he was missing something and would be right back.  Well, he came back more than 5 hours later when we were not home!  We rescheduled and then he came with blinds that ALL had cords!We told him that the blinds were not right and to take them back.  He said he would just go ahead and put them up because the hardware would be the same and it would be easy to swap out them out when the correct ones had been made.  A couple of days later (today), I received a call from Julie Gugino telling me that she had been the one to make the mistake when she submitted the order.  She asked what she could do to make us happy and we told her to get us the blinds that we ordered and paid for!  She sounded like she was crying and told me that she was going to have to eat the cost for her mistake!  Frankly, I could care less!  She wanted to try to guilt me into keeping the blinds that I did not want!  When I told her to call me when they are ready for installation, she hung up without even saying goodbye!  House of Window Coverings was referred to me by Costco and I have now called Costco as well to tell them that they should NEVER recommend this VERY unprofessional business to anyone.  I will be receiving a call back within 48 hours from one of the Costco special services managers.
1	Sales woman ordered wrong blinds for us and then tried to guilt us into keeping them because she said the cost would come out of her pocket!This is the worst buying experience I have had in at least 10 years!  Julie Gugino, blind consultant, came to our brand new house to measure for blinds. I told her that the most important thing for us was to have the CORDLESS blinds and we picked out and ordered $2900 worth of CORDLESS blinds from her.  When the installer came to the house (the first time), he told my husband that he was missing something and would be right back.  Well, he came back more than 5 hours later when we were not home!  We rescheduled and then he came with blinds that ALL had cords!We told him that the blinds were not right and to take them back.  He said he would just go ahead and put them up because the hardware would be the same and it would be easy to swap out them out when the correct ones had been made.  A couple of days later (today), I received a call from Julie Gugino telling me that she had been the one to make the mistake when she submitted the order.  She asked what she could do to make us happy and we told her to get us the blinds that we ordered and paid for!  She sounded like she was crying and told me that she was going to have to eat the cost for her mistake!  Frankly, I could care less!  She wanted to try to guilt me into keeping the blinds that I did not want!  When I told her to call me when they are ready for installation, she hung up without even saying goodbye!  House of Window Coverings was referred to me by Costco and I have now called Costco as well to tell them that they should NEVER recommend this VERY unprofessional business to anyone.  I will be receiving a call back within 48 hours from one of the Costco special services managers.
1	I made an appointment with a consultant to measure our windows for shutters. When the time came, she never showed up. When I called she said, "Oh I never wrote your appointment down, can we reschedule for later this week?"  Absolutely not. Very unprofessional. Would not recommend this company!
5	Had shutters installed throughout the entire house.  Quality, price, and installation:  Excellent.  Christopher showed genuine interest and concern in our satisfaction when he provided our estimate.  I highly recommend this company.  Pleasant people who take the product quality and customer satisfaction seriously.
5	We are so thrilled with the service and window treatments that were just installed today. From the moment we walked into the showroom to installation our experience has been exceptional. Our designer, Jan Rohl, spent the time to help us determine styles and fabrics that would work perfectly in our home and she really took the time to get to know us so she could make the best recommendations. We have many other projects in our new home and will make Jan and the House of Window Coverings our go to designer and showroomDon and Melissa
3	OK... I've had two experiences... one for Shutters through House of Window Coverings and one for draperies and roman shades that are Costco purchases that are handled through house of Window Coverings.The SHUTTERS ARE A 5 STAR EXPERIENCE. The Costco purchase has been a ZERO star purchase. All in all it will average out at a 3. It's too bad, Christopher and the Norman Shutter team really deserved 5 stars!Bottom line, Christopher was terrific. We were on a very tight time deadline and he not only met it, but he helped make it happen. I had called the week before we needed them and were told they were scheduled to arrive the next week. Normally they wait until they have shutters in hand before they schedule installation - however, HWC requested that we get installation the day after they arrived and they made it happen.Great work by House of Window Coverings on making the shutters happen!  As for the draperies and roman shades, more than THREE WEEKS LATE and we still don't have them.....
1	Worst purchase experience ever.  This was a whole house purchase not a small job.  Seven months after purchase and still not resolved. 100 percent of our contract price collected without our approval.  Wrong blinds order; blind ordered without our approval. Salesperson was unresponsive to our issues. Owner evidently refuses to talk with us and resolve the remaining issue.  A $2500 slider Luminette hangs improperly, has gaps in the pleats, uneven pleating in open position, top corner is folded over and does not lay flat, end bunches into layers instead of hanging evenly, the end does not cover the motor box and it's wires are exposed. The window is exposed on that end.  Hunter-Douglas was consulted, supposedly a new blind was manufactured except it has the same flaws. The before and after pictures show the issues.This is the third home we have Hunter Douglas window coverings.  We know the product well.  Our original purchases 20 years ago still hang in beautiful condition in that house.  The problem is the seller not the product.After months of phone calls and emails, two refunds were issued.  We now have no master room shade, several pleated blinds we did not order, three of one kind of shade and a fourth that doesn't match in one room, and a large $2500 shade that looks very unattractive.  The company says that the manufacture is now responsible.  Their response is questionable as this issue remains unresolved.  Since house of window coverings has had our money since early December 2013, the owner of hwclv is responsible.  Sadly, very poor customer treatment.
5	Jan came out to our house and was on time and very professional, we ordered 22 Shutters for our entire house. The shutters were installed within the time frame that we were promised and turned out wonderful. The entire experience has been very professional.
5	Great product and price.
4	I'm upgrading this to a 4 star review. After having received the Costco product very late, and having had some of them done wrong, they worked with us to make sure things got done the way we wanted. It took quite a while, but we did get what we thought we hoped to.The bottom line is that despite having problems, they worked very hard to see that we were satisfied customers.And the shutters that were 5 star are STILL 5 star!
5	This is the 3rd time I have used House of Window Coverings this year. Each time I have used Jan. My windows are beautiful and the rug is outstanding. I have done my entire house in Hunter Douglas. Jan was very thorough. She worked with me to get the right product on my windows.
1	Horrible, horrible experience! The salesperson ordered our shutters incorrectly. I opted for the invisible tilt, which was clearly written on the invoice. During the installation, I noticed the mistake. I called the salesperson immediately, and he never once apologized for his mistake. He did not seem to care. He tried to offer me a discount (which was not much more than I had to pay for the invisible tilt upgrade). I had him reorder our shutters and never agreed to pay the final payment since the shutters were incorrect. The salesperson said he placed the new order and it would take another 6 weeks. At the end of the week, my credit card was charged for the final payment. I called 3 times before I was able to speak with anyone regarding the charge. And their excuse was "Oh I'm sorry that was my mistake. I was not aware there was a problem with installation." Hard for me to believe when my new order was supposedly already placed a few days prior. I was refunded the payment. 6 weeks later the correct shutters were finally installed. I never received any apology for their mistake or for having to wait an additional 6 weeks before I got what I wanted. I would not recommend this company.
