5	Probably the best on campus. They spray A LOT for bugs, which is awesome. They take care of almost everything right away. It's a family owned business and they do a great job. The only thing that was  odd  was their payment plan. It was a bit confusing but just make sure to ask lots of questions.
1	I had a less than pleasant experience with them.  First off, maintenance for the complex was terrible.  There was exposed rebar on some of the steps and plenty of tripping hazards on the walkway to my apartment.  During the winter time, the walkway gets very icy and it does not get salted at all.  As a result, I have fallen a couple of times.  For the money, it is a little expensive for Urbana and the quality of the apartment itself could be better.  Bugs are also a big problem.  I had a room with a balcony and I could not open the door a crack without getting some sort of infestation which required me having to call them to spray for bugs.  If you're looking for an apartment, do yourself a favor and stay away from them.
4	I've leave in two different apartment/house runs by hunsinger in the past couple years. I think it's the best choice for those students with limited budget.Pros:1. Very very good maintenance. They'll take care of whatever problem within 24 hrs. In emergency (heat not working etc.), just submit a request in the morning and someone will come by this afternoon. 2. Friendly staff. They're NOT those guys who only care about before you sign the lease. They are consistently helpful.3. Good price, the current apt I live in is a 4bd 1100sqft for only $1400/month with free parking spot.Cons:1. Their building are quite old. Both apt/house I lived in are build before 1970. But they keep it well. Nice and clean. Come on! For something below $400/person, this is probably the best value you can get in urbana.
2	If you're ready to lose over half of your deposit, this is your choice. Pro: great maintainance.Con: their properties are mostly old (before 70s). So everything is old and not work perfectly. Some electric wiring problems happen. At the end of the day, some stuff are old and need replace/maintainance. They all count on your deposit.
