5	If you live in Lawrenceville and you need any bike repair work, you should go to this guy. He's open five or six days a week in the afternoon and does awesome work at reasonable prices. It's a small shop in alley just off 44th st but pretty easy to find. When you go in to the spot, it's a garage with a bunch of tools and an old TV playing awesomely shitty action movies (Under Siege II)My favorite thing about the experience is the feeling that you are dealing with a completely honest person who likes what he's doing.Yet another fantastic thing in Lawrenceville!
5	Excellent shop, and quick too. This guy has hooked me up on more than one occasion and didn't charge me for figuring out that I just hooked my wheel up incorrectly. Bike repair guys like him are far and few between, and I appreciate it greatly.If you need any kind of maintenance on your bike, go here.
5	Writing reviews after receiving really outstanding customer service is something that I always tell myself I'm going to do but always get tripped up on the follow through.  After my experience at Love Bikes, I made a promise to myself that I'd take a minute to tell anyone who would listen about what a great shop it is.  I have ridden bikes in Pittsburgh for over 5 years and have been to most of the bike shops in the greater Pittsburgh area.  I live a few blocks from Love Bikes and only recently realized they were there.  Wish I had discovered this terrific shop sooner.  I personally feel like most bike shop employees fall into one of two categories.  They either know their stuff but are cocky condescending jerks OR are super kind and down to earth but have no idea what they are talking about and/or try to oversell you on stuff you don't need.  That's been mostly been my experience anyways.  Well, I'm happy to report that Love Bikes is the exception to the rule.  The owner/sole employee is just a super nice, approachable, knowledgeable dude.  Took my bike in because my chain snapped, I replaced it but then found my chain was constantly slipping.  Putting a new chain on was the extent of my bike fixing abilities so at that point I decided I needed to take it to a shop.  Owner checked my chain to make sure it was long enough (it was), greased it and took it for a ride.   He didn't even have to get a block away before he said, "ah, you need a new cassette."  He explained my old chain was probably stretched and caused the teeth of my cassette to get worn down.  I felt totally comfortable asking about other problems I'd been having with my bike that I'd neglected to mention at other bike shops because I'd always been so desperate to get out of there ASAP.  One of my cranks kept coming lose no matter how much I tried to tighten it.  Was super nice, told me it wasn't my fault, probably just not getting enough torque to really get it on there if I was using a multi-purpose tool, threw my bike up on the stand and really tightened the crank once and for all.  Honestly, I could go on but the point is this bike shop is phenomenal and will be the only bike shop in Pittsburgh I'll go to from now on.  Oh! And it was incredibly reasonable cost wise.  Had my cassette replaced for about $35 and it was done within 15 minutes.  One thing to mention is that since it's such a small store, parts typically have to be ordered so it takes a few days for them to come in.  However, unlike a lot of stores, Love Bikes lets you hold on to your bike and then just bring it when the part comes in.  If you're like me and get pretty grumpy if you don't bike for a day or two, this is a huge plus.  It really annoys me when I have to leave my bike somewhere for 4 days so it can be worked on for 30 minutes.  What's the point of just making bikes just sit at a shop, proving their dedication to being fixed, for days on end when they could be outside, being bikes?  Anyways, if you love bikes and great bike shops, I promise you're going to love, Love Bikes.
5	How do I love Love Bikes? Let me count the ways:1. My bill was under $602. It is a 5 minute walk from my house.  3. It is a one-man operation. Said man is easy to understand and friendly.4. My bike tune-up was done in a day.5. My bill was under $60Here's the thing.  I bought my bike at Performance Bikes. I like them too.  But it's a corporate shop and sometimes you get a lil' piece of corporate attitude along with your purchase. That being said, you can also be assured that you're getting quality parts, etc. when you go this route.  I also adore Kraynick's. My only hiccup there is that the parts are cheap and quality, but it's more the type of place I visit to work on my own bike as opposed to having it serviced by a tech.  Love Bikes fills the gap between Performance and Kraynick's - a shop [literally] around the corner, where you can drop off your ride, know it's in good hands, and still have enough money left over from paying the bill to buy a shiny new My Little Pony handlebar basket...
