5	I'm trying to be more judicious in awarding those 5 "good as it gets" stars - but I think these guys deserve it.  Found them highly recommended on Angie's List and they lived up to their billing.  Was mildly hacked at $25 or so charge to make the house call to just give an estimate - but that charge is included in/applied to the bill if you have them do the work.  I had them do the work which they did on the spot, promptly.  The repair to the collapsed piece of furniture, a wood & leather futon, is imperceptible, and I truly believe it's sturdier than ever.   Since purchase in 2006 it had endured some rough horseplay and eventually several major bolts in the frame were totally stripped and the thing finally collapsed - was unusable.    The favored futon dealer from which it came is about a mile from my house and said their delivery & assembly guy would take a look at it for $35. With such proclamations as "We believe that you also want furniture that will last and hold up over time. and "When you buy from us you get the assurance of quality and value for your money.", and given that the purchase totaled well over $1000 and that they're a mile from my house - I didn't jump on that right away, but did call them back in a couple of weeks and they said their assembly guy would contact me to schedule an appointment.  After a month with no return call, I called them to be told "He didn't want to do it", and got on with it and got it done - and done well. To be fair to the original dealer, it had been 5 years since the purchase, and if your guy is not qualified or experienced in wood repairs  - well, better to not do them and not botch the job.  At any rate . ..  Speedy did NOT botch the job. They arrived promptly on schedule, restored my futon to perhaps better than new in the convenience of my home, did a fine job, and all for a total of $85.  This was probably a simple job for them, but it and the other favorable reviews for more delicate and/or complex furniture repairs gives me confidence in them for most any job they accept.  My compliments - and yes, I'd use them again.
5	I had 2 beautiful antique chairs that were wobbly. They picked them up, fixed them, and returned them quickly and did a fantastic job!
5	Awesome job repairing my leather couch my dog used as a chew toy! The couch looks better than new. Highly recommend
1	They did a repair on my sofa in January that lasted all of 6 months before the same fault recurred.  After 2 phone calls and an email that went unanswered, I threw in the towel and bought a new sofa from The Dump.  Old sofa went out with the bulk pickup this morning.  That was $400 I'll never see again!
1	Don't waste your time calling this company. Learn from my mistake. First, this company was challenging to even make an appointment on the weekend. They preferred to come out during the week. Sorry, but not everyone can take off work for an estimate. And, then for an estimate to be done, they charge $25.00. Why do you charge someone a fee to give a quote? Yes, they return it if you go with them, but absolutely absurd to charge someone a fee to get business. It is the cost of getting new business. So, they just came out today to give an estimate and a small China cabinet (5'X3') would cost over $1875.00 to do. Ridiculous! Save your $25.00 estimate fee and go somewhere else on YELP. That is what I am going to be doing.
