5	Just moved to AZ and this is one of the first restaurants we visited. Amazing food and the owners are extremely nice. We asked about a dish we saw some other folks eating and he gave us a sampling on the house. We've already gone back twice. Highly recommend the 'Turkish Pizza' and their gyros are great too. Strongly recommend this place if you're looking for great food and excellent service. This place is definitely family friendly as well.
5	Great food and extremely friendly and welcoming owners. Lamachun is delicious as is all the offerings. Gyros, kafta and kabob plates especially. Great vegetarian offering as well. American offerings also have a Mediterranean flavor.
5	Seriously, hands down The Best Gyro In Arizona! worth the drive anywhere. I originally stumbled a pond this place from a coupon I received from my coke rewards and I was hooked every since the gyro was perfect to the last detail and the fries are amazing they sprinkle this seasoning on them very good. I no longer reside in Arizona but you could best believe when I visit I'll be stopping by there...I love these guys! The staff is nice too! I couldn't ask for a better place and service. Thank You
5	Delicious food, good price and very nice people! Absolutely offers best examles of Anatolian Turkish Cuisine! You have missed a lot if you haven't been here yet!
5	As someone who happens to be quite curious about new tastes and really unique quality food, I happen to try and enjoy the various cuisines rather than stuck up with what I loved (I find it a little bit boring too-no offense). Anyways, there are three things I prioritize when I walk into a restaurant; greeting, serving, remembrance of the food, price/standard ratio and tidiness. I do care about them in a comparative way but from the "what their real potential is" aspect.Greeting: First and foremost, you are always welcomed with warmth and hospitality of the owners or whoever is upfront working at that time. I cannot guarantee on behalf of them that it will always happen but considering the fact that I've been there more than 10 times and (more to go) It has been always like that. Serving: Sky is the limit for the service. Restaurant business is carried by people and as long the "intentions" of the owner or employees are striving for the best, I'm down for it. You can simply see that in owners or the waiters eyes that they just want to serve you in the best way possible. Remembrance of the food: I happen to see some bad comments about the quality of the food. I don't say they are manipulating the truth but I have no doubt that owners would compensate it if those individuals would request a better plate. It is a human driven place and people might make mistakes unintentionally. Based on my all visits, the food was just always a good remembrance of what I've enjoyed in my hometown and I will be their loyal customer as long as I have that feeling. Price/standard ratio: Although this is very relevant and subjective issue, my opinion is the prices are fine. Yes, you can find some items a lot cheaper in somewhere else but that doesn't necessarily obliges the restaurant drops their prices. There are also other customers who keep buying from that "Expensive" price so bear with it. Tidiness: I think the place is clean and seems improving. I had the conversation with the owner and if he can realize what he is thinking about decoration, it might one of a kind restaurants in Chandler with a combination of satisfactory food, nice atmosphere and great hospitality. People who knows me already are also aware of that restaurant indirectly but for those who don't know me, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
3	I'm pretty sure most of these new reviews are from employees and their families. Refused to honor my Groupon (prepaid of course).This is exactly the same place as before. Their sign even still says Greek Grill & Fry Co. and it's run by the same people. The server was polite and made good suggestions,  but failed to alert me that they would not honor the 50% off Groupon before we ate, but instead offering a 20% discount. I always mention any deals on the way in for this reason.The food was good,  not a huge selection but it was hot and made to order. We seemed to be the only customers that whole day. The Uncle/Grandpa of the family was in the dining area watching TV and talking on his phone. It's a very casual place.
3	As a response to the owner's reply,  please take responsibility for your employees actions rather than just saying "it's not my fault". The reason I was upset when my Groupon was not honored is because I mentioned it BEFORE ordering. The server should have told me at that time it would not be accepted,  not after I ordered and ate food. This is bad business. But yes, the food was good.
5	This place is a great authentic Turkish restaurant!   The gyro is one of the best I've had!  The bread is warm and fresh. Staff is very friendly.  Don't miss out on the authentic Turkish tea!  I will have to come back again!
5	Love love love it. Finally a Turkish restaurant that serves the dish my Turkish grandmother made for me. I'll go back tomorrow for the Simit.
4	Delicious food. Everything was great. After having their catering I'm excited to visit the restaurant.
5	I had a wonderfully catered dinner this evening and now, 4 hours later, I'm craving it again.  Should have filled some doggy bags.
5	Had a dinner catered from here!! The food was amazing - great hummus, pita, and all sorts of awesome middle-eastern food! YUM!
5	Had the opportunity to experience their food thru a catered event. As soon as I saw the labels of each dish, I was super excited - this was my kind of food!  Tasty, delicious, unique food that you don't get the chance to experience in a sea of chain restaurants.  Check them out!
5	The owner took time out of his busy day to sit down at my table and describe each dish so I could make the best selection. I enjoyed everything I tried and would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Very tasty, fair prices, and awesome hummus! This place is legit. I highly recommend them. Lamb is great.
5	My hubby and I love the food and staff here. And the bakery stuff are awesome. Small friendly warm restaurant.
2	The Yelp reviews here are way, WAY off. They have gone through a change in management and name, although the signage on the outside still says Greek Grill. My husband and I were hoping for some authentic Turkish food since it's impossible to find in the valley. Instead, we got flat-out terrible food. My husband got lamb kafta that was pulled straight from the freezer. I got a vegetarian plate that had an inedible spinach pie. It tasted very old and dried out. The stuffed grape leaves were ok, but even the canned ones from Trader Joe's taste better. The falafel was absolutely the worst falafel that my husband and I have ever tasted. There were no visible spices or onions in the patty. So horribly bland other than the taste of old oil. My husband's Turkish coffee was nothing like we had in Turkey. It wasn't bad, but it was more like chai than the dark tar that is turkish coffee. We usually like to try baklava at Mediterranean restaurants in hopes of finding something close to what we had in Turkey, but we didn't want to risk further disappointment.The service was friendly though, and that's the only thing keeping me from giving them one star.
5	Top food and a great value for the price. Hummus was super creamy and good, lamajun hands down one of the best I've had in the US.
