4	Clean room, plenty of parking, polite staff...all pluses when you're on a budget.  Out of the three Las Vegas-area Motel 6s, this one usually has the lowest price.  NOTE: You're NOT close to The Strip!
1	There are only a hand full of places worse than this and I came across them when I visited third world countries. The room reaked of smoke and who knows what else. The laundry and ice maker were broken and the pool was closed. The TV is an ancient 4x3 tube set, no HDTV.  The place seems to be a permanent dwelling for crack heads and Craigslist whores and did not feel like a safe environment for my family.
4	The area around the motel looks a bit scary. The price was really good in terms of the area. The motel was being remodeled and they are doing a great job.  We had a newly remodeled room and this is what we saw:-Freshly painted walls-Laminate Flooring-New Furniture-Flat screen TV. About 40in-Fully stocked items for the bathroom and sinkGreat experience and will definitely use them when in the area.
5	I was so surprised by this motel 6! I am disabled and travel with a service dog. So I have to take into consideration not only my needs but my dogs too. I was so, Pleasantly surprised!  I was on a cross country trip helping my friend with his moving business. We needed a place to rest our head after making a delivery and there were no plans to gamble and I figured another night of fast food. What a great surprise not only does this place leave the light on the person walked outside for a moment to help us park our truck.      She pointed out some good places to eat and there is a 7 eleven right next door. This Motel 6 isn't in the greatest part of town but the casino next door had the best chili con queso in the world!!! Also there is a Starbucks in the casino that was open at 6 am a huge bonus. Lots of places to walk my dog. Dawson gives a paws up to the steak fajitas!         The room was super clean and cute in a 70s way. Beware the towels they are scratchy and not sure what they use to wash them in but it's the same it's the same in all the M6 so next time I'll bring my own towels. Also this is a M6 there are no shampoos hair dryers or coffee makers. When you stay in a cheap hotel it's the bare essentials; a bed, a roof, a tv that might or might not work, and towels.        Everything else is a bonus if you need strong wifi go to Mcdonalds or Starbucks they have free wifi. If you need a place to sleep this place is awesome!!!   So stop picking on the staff!!!!!! Call corporate and complain but expect big charges if they join with the big chains just saying.... Moving on.       I also want to send out a shoutout to the nice lady who checked us in on 2/13/14 nicknamed Big, you were awesome!!!! And you deserve a raise thanks for taking such good care of us all. We will see you when we come back through our next trip.
4	Clean rooms, nice flat screen, great price. 40 a night can't be beat. Polite and friendly staff up front. The only thing I found annoying was the cleaning ladies keep rolling their loud carts outside your room like every 5 minutes. So if you are looking for peace and quiet well you won't find it. I would also like to add that it smells like raunchy cheap cigarettes in the nonsmoking rooms because the smell comes in from the bathroom vents. I told them about it and they said nothing could be done. If you close your bathroom door then you wont smell it as much. Nevertheless, the price is right because everything else in vegas is way overpriced to stay in a basic run of the mill hotel. I will go back.
1	Never again coming here ! Dont stay at this motel if you have kids, youll have the phone ringing from front desk, not only that, but theyre SO RUDE! as well as the harsh knock on the door from the security guard telling you to keep it down with a 2 yr old. Oh and expect for your beds to smell like ciggarates, the place is very sketch, so expect to see weirdos walking around. You should also expect to be woken up by the cleaning people and their huge carts while they walk down the hall. They should really consider new staff, teach them on how to approach clients respecfully!
