5	I loved their food. Marissa always give u big servings. Very very friendly place. Everbody raves about their crispy pata which I still have to try. : )
5	I do not know why yelp has marked this place as closed but all I know is I had the best pancit here just this weekend! It was loaded with shrimps, chicken, pork and lechon? I actually cannot get over it upto now. Even they're lumpia is super good too! Definitely coming back! Friendly service and good filipino food hmmm yummmm :)
5	I have been coming her for a LONG time. They have the best lumpia shanghai! Chicken adobes amazing! A lot of other places have it but this one has a one of a kind taste. Marisa, the owner is a sweetheart. She is always so friendly. I like her turon. Every time I come here It seriously brings back memories of the Philippines. Oh how would love to go back.
1	I was craving Filipino food so this place was the closest place to where I was at. When I walked in I saw only 4 items available. Looks like the 4 items were sitting there for a long time. I ended up leaving without ordering anything. I went to another Filipino place downtown.
1	Very disappointed with facility/service. Took  a long time to make halo halo.  My family and I were the only ones in the restaurant,  then we were told it was CASH ONLY. Food was set out like a buffet, unappetizing, dried, and old. Would not recommend this cafeteria styled restaurant.We were very excited to have a Filipino restaurant near us and my Aunt was really craving Halo Halo.  I read the reviews on Yelp and we decided to give the place a try.  The lady at the cashier was so unfriendly, by the time our halo halo's arrived, my aunt no longer wanted them.  I ended up buying 2.  They were average at best.I am beginning to think that the 5 star reviews were posted by friends/family.
4	As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the sweetest Filipino Aunty EVER! I've been to plenty of Filipino food places with shady people trying to nickel and dime you for everything.  But Aunty straight hooked me up with extra rice, and sabow (soup), to go with my two choice meal.  She made me feel at home, like I was her long lost nephew, and it was her extra TLC that made the efood that much better.  If she doesn't have something ready, she will cook it on the spot!  But if you're smart, you'll call ahead to make sure the food will be ready for you once you get there!  If I'm craving some Filipino food in Vegas, I'd definitely swing by here for some good home style food and special family treatment.
4	We used to send a co-worker here to pick up lunch. We had them (especially Marissa) on speed dial. And I know they dread when I'm the one calling because I'm not Filipino enough for them. LOL. We call and ask what's on the menu since it changes every so often but we always get crispy pata. Their version is different from what you'll normally see in Filipino restaurants - appearance-wise. Theirs is super puffy. Crispy pata is one of my favorite Filipino dishes. Fried, crispy porky goodness...mmmm...  The dipping sauce is great (soy sauce + vinegar+ jalapeno + onions)...I just gave away the recipe! Great! I'm banned from this place now.CASH ONLY turo-turo (translation: turo = point). You point at the food you want and that's what they'll give you which is great if you're not super familiar with Filipino dishes. If you point with your lips, they'll love that! There are items such as crispy pata that's made to order.Other things that are good here are: halo-halo, turon and pork BBQ. They're pretty generous with the stuff they put in their halo-halo (leche flan, ube,  beans, etc). The turon (bananas and jackfruit wrapped in wonton-like wrapper, fried and drizzled with caramelized sugar) is sweet and crispy. Filipino BBQ is totally different from what Americans know as BBQ.  The Filipino BBQ is on a stick and is marinated in soy sauce, calamansi/lemon, sugar and sometimes ketchup. Yum!The first time I actually came here to eat, I was a bit shocked as to how small the place was but whatever. Pack it!
5	I recently discovered Baba's since I just moved from New Jersey.  One of the major things on my mind once I arrived was to find a good Filipino restaurant that will satisfy my need for some good 'home-cooked' Filipino food.  This is the place.Not only do you get very good food, you get the 'Tita' that hasn't seen you in years experience here.  She will make sure that your belly will be all happy and full.Amongst my favorites are the Singang na baboy and all the adobos.  The menu changes daily so be sure to ask Marissa for a menu that lists what is being served each day.No matter what you have, always finish it with their turon.
4	Disclaimer Alert...This review is strictly for their service, Shanghai Lumpia, and Halo-Halo.  That being said, I found Baba's to be 4 stars in my book.  First of all, service here is great.  I didn't get the owners names, but they treated us like family. One of the owners reminded me of my mom and couldn't help do what us sons of a Filipino moms do, that's joke with them a little.  She was game and did the same. As for their food, we didn't get to try much because they were out of almost everything.  Baba's on our visit was catering 3 parties at the time.  With only one person cooking in the back, this meant they were out of Chicken BBQ, Turon, and Chicken Adobo to name a few. But they still had their Halo-Halo and Shanghai Lumpia, which are my favorite Flip dishes.  As a Halo-Halo Hunter, I found that Baba's had pretty much everything I look for in Halo-Halo (i.e. Ube ice cream, legit ube, flan, white beans, and nata de coco).  One thing that was missing was red bean.  It was still good and found Baba's Halo-Halo up there with the challengers around town. Note to self...bring some red bean to make it perfect.  As for their Shanghai Lumpia, I thought that they were as good as it gets.  No one makes them better than my Auntie Heidi, but Baba's is pretty damn close.  I'm not saying I'm a Lumpia Hunter, but I am a Lumpia Whisperer.  Whispers..if they make them, I will come.  Come to eat Shanghai Lumpia that is. Overall, I can see myself coming back.  This place is no secret.  Tons of regulars coming in and phoning in is proof that Baba's is some people's go-to Pinoy spot.  You don't have to be a Halo-Halo Hunter or even a Lumpia Whisperer to eat here. You just have to be a fan of Filipino food served by great business owners.TIP:  Call ahead or pick up their menu.  Some items are served on specific days.  Shanghia Lumpia is all the time!!YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (466/500)
4	Good food at great prices!  Turo Turo style...so point at what you want. Some cooked to order items as well. All of this was $7.99 :Chicken Adobo (Wed-Sat). Very tasty! Super tender, fall off the bone...without an overly saturated Soy Sauce flavor like others I've had! YumFried Fish. A bit on the dry side, but there was a lot of flavor in the fish...just watch for bones!Sweet and Sour Meatballs (Wed). These were very sweet, but cooked well and overall tasty.Complimentary soup and rice...interesting combination of potato and greens...good though!  I was offered more rice during my mea...It was not needed but appreciated :)And to finish, the Halo Halo Special ($5). This was very good! Mix it all up, and you have a yummy treat :PI am sure I will be back soon to try the other goodies!Pics :
4	Great food. Great prices. Generous portions.  They don't use the crappy parts of the meat either.  The lady working was extremely nice.  She let me try the different entrees before buying.  She reminded me of all my Filipino friends' moms growing up.The ONLY thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is that it closes early (7 PM) and isn't open 7 days a week.
5	Looking to kill my cravings and my cousin's cravings for Filipino food. I ordered 2x Kare kare,  32 oz Diniguan, large Lechon kawali, Palabok, and bihon total $66.24I believe she was the owner and she was so friendly and welcoming. Unlike your typical Filipino restaurants here, look at you and look so disrespectful because I DON'T SPEAK TAGALOG!!! Not once she spoke to me in the native language, which was comforting for me.I paid for my food and she offered a free dessert, so I got the cassava cake. I gave her $10 tip addition to my food and she said it's way too much, so she threw in another dessert, puto. Well got home and we scarfed the food down... it was pretty good, not as good as my mom's diniguan... but it's doable. The Kare Kare and Lechon kawali was bomb. Bihon and Palabok were good. The 5 stars came for the desserts the PUTO, OMG I couldn't stop eating it, too bad I had to share. It was so moist and flavorable, coconut. I recommend the PUTO. I sure will be back. This is the best Filipino restaurant on the Northside.
4	I was in the mode for somethng Filipino, had a taste for it. Wanted to share some with Phily Phil, So I placed an order for Bihon and some Lechon, and it was as tasty as I remembered. Glad to see a Filipino place so close to me, will be sure to visit it often.
2	2 star place. Few items in menu, small portions and looks like food is been seating there since this morning. Food wasn't that good either. But place was clean and have TFC.
5	Excellent all around, not a bad thing on the menu.   Chicken skins were fresh and hot,  Sisig was great, the vinegar sauce is great over the rice.  I could drink the sauce all day.  Shrimp tempura,  crispy light, not Greasy at all. Take a trip to the northwest and you will not be disappointed.  IN MY Justin Wilson voice"i guarantee
5	Crispy Pata= HeavenThe outside was perfect, crispy not Greasy at all.   The meat was cooked just so.  The dipping sauce was some of the best that I've ever had.  I could just drink the dipping sauce, the wife loves it over her rice.
5	My husband and I are obsessed with their Lechon Kawali. It's probably the crispiest we've had. We go there if we're craving for home-cooked Filipino meals and we always leave satisfied. The owners a very accommodating, too.
4	I was craving halo halo so I found this place on yelp.  Came in and ordered a halo halo and of course, Lumpia. 8 pieces an order for $4.  I ended up ordering two orders of Lumpia, because who can resist?The wait was a little long, but it was worth it since everything was fresh! The lady working was so sweet and made me feel right at home.  Halo halo was perfect!
1	These people are crooks! We made a deposit of $150 for a whole lechon order 1 week before the event. We got a call from them 3 hours before the party that there will be no lechon. What ever the circumstances were behind this failure, they should've informed us well ahead of time so we could've worked on alternatives.  So we decided to replace the order with lechon kawali, embotidos, chicken afritada and sisig, whatever will be worth the deposit we put in. They instead delivered only embotido, lechon kawali and as a gratis, the woman said she's giving us 3 pieces of crispy pata,  but, we still gonna owe them $50. I said why do we still owe you when you failed to do our order? My husband didn't want any more confrontations, especially since we were at the church parking lot (another epic, they said they deliver, but they wanted to meet us at a closer location),  so he paid the $50 and the woman simply said there isn't anything else that she can do. Lesson to learn:  Do not order party foods from these people..The 1 star rating is only for the crispy pata sauce!
5	Wow Marissa is absolutely amazing and a great chief. Also the customer service is excellent. They do carter to your needs when it come to bomb filippino food!
5	Love the food and service here. at least once or twice a week myself and my employees eat here. they even know what our favorite foods are. keep up the good cooking and you will always have my business
4	What a great find! So far I've had the lechon and halo halo and I love it. I will definitely come back and try most of there menu during my stay in Vegas.
1	I came here this morning for sisig, but apparently the lady's husband makes it and he was out on a run, so sisig wasn't available. I also called around 5:30pm to try again and order sisig, but the lady who answered said they were closing. It says they're open until 7pm though? Ugh... This place is not consistent. Terrible.
4	came here after searching for a new place to get my lumpia fix on,....they were so nice and accomadating considering we came in right before they were closing.  I ordered 100 pieces of lumpia to go,  my friend had neverhad lumpia before and she ordered 50 pieces after trying mine.  the sauce was homemade at the restaurant and was way better than the store bought kind.  I willdefinetly be going back to try the full menu.
4	Stopped in while I was in the area. Owner was extremely nice and very welcoming. The chicken adobo was good but different from what I've had in the past more sweet that sour. The halo halo looked so good I had to order one and it was fantastic.
