4	I LOVE the House of Rice! Unfortunately, I heard they no longer offer cooking classes, but these were the best cooking classes ever. Even without the cooking classes, this is still a great store for all your Asian food needs. Before the 99 Ranch in Phoenix opened, this was one of the few places in the area to get any of these ingredients. Unlike 99 Ranch, though, at House of Rice they carry only the best ingredients and the best brands, so even in a small store like this you have just as much selection. Everything is carefully and thoughtfully packaged, and many of the ingredients come with instructions if you need them, as well as some free recipes. In their refrigerator/freezer section, they have a good selection of veggies and meats, as well as a variety of pre-prepared items (dumplings, spring rolls, egg rolls, etc.), which are made there at the House of Rice. They also have a great selection of Japanese knives, as well as woks and many other cooking utensils. They also have a bunch of non-food pseudo-kitchy Asian products, which they also sell on their website, http://www.houserice.com. Anytime we're in Scottsdale we always make a stop here.
4	What a great little shop. You can spend half the day just browsing through this little store. The housewares section has some really cool stuff if you're into asian decor. The sake selection is huge. Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.
4	Need some odd Asian ingredient for that Thai, Chinese, Burmese or Japanse dinner that your local Albertson's or Fry's has never heard of? This be the place in Scottsdale.
4	This place is great in so many ways.  First of all, for purely selfish reasons I love The House of Rice because it is really close to my house.  Second, I can get stroopwafels here, which are delicious Dutch cookies.  Yes, it is a predominately Asian grocery and supply store, but it also carries other international food stuffs.  It is small but jam packed full of goodies.  This is a great place to go for me when I don't have an hour to spend wandering the aisles of Lee Lees or the 99 Ranch market.
4	I wished I lived in Arizona, just so I can visit this store in person. After reading all of the reviews, this seems like a cool store to visit..I can only comment on their shipping services and supplies...Shipping & Supplies - Fast Delivery!!! I bought  my very first Spam Musubi Press from here, and I love it! I ordered it online and got it within the next two days. The website can do a lil upgrade, but other than that, they're cool. I'm gonna need to visit this store if I'm ever in Arizona...whenever that'll be...
4	One word - eclectic.  The House of Rice carries predominantly Japanese foodstuffs and cookware but also has a strong showing in the Indonesian and oddly Dutch categories.Apparently the store started as mainly Japanese and then they added more Indonesian food.  The customers looking for Indonesian ingredients demanded more Dutch ingredients so the House of Rice responded to their requests.  Now not only are there all kinds of Dutch biscuits, there are also an assortment of clog magnets and other decorative knick knacks.   I totally forgot how Indonesia used to a Dutch colony.  Somehow the Vietnamese baguette sandwiches are a stronger reminder of France's colonialism.Forgive the digression.  Anyway, we ended up spending over $50 on a cast iron pan and ingredients for making takoyaki (octopus balls) - our favorite Japanese street snack, which we have not been able to find in Phoenix.  Those takoyaki better be darn tasty.
4	I love the House of Rice.  The prices are great, and I can get frozen Kafir Lime Leaves, as well as shelled edamame for a fraction of the cost of any other shop in town.  They've got an amazing selection of knives, as well as enough different kinds of chopsticks to make your head spin.They have Pocky (those addicting little stick-cookies, for those of you who don't know) as well as many different kinds of rice cracker mixes.  They also have cheap coconut milk, as well as Mae Ploy Curry Paste - my favorite.  Oh - and they have spring roll wrappers - for a quarter of the price of AJ's.  Plus, they're fresh.I'm sure there's other Asian markets in town, but The House of Rice is basically across the street from me - and for that I give them 4.5 stars.  That and I love their greeting cards, wall hangings, and generally great selection of trinkets.  The staff's nice, too.One note: They don't stay open very late - 6:30 during the week, 6 on Saturday, and 4 on Sunday - so plan accordingly.
3	Interesting Store...Quite a few Japanese Items- but also some Indonesian/Malay and Dutch food items. The store mostly consisted of frozen pre made items and some dry goods, a nice stock of sushi nori, mirin and soy sauce. My favorite part of the store- they carry wide variety of chop sticks and MAC knives! There are odds and ends like Japanese figurines, cookware and attire- I cannot vouch for the quality of any of these items!Anyhow if your in the area, its an interesting stop by, you might find something your looking for  :)
5	I've been coming here since I was in high school. The employees are always super helpful and the selection is great. One time my boyfriend purchased salmon sashimi from there that was less than desirable. He didn't have to bring it back or even have a receipt. The manager apologized to him and let him come back for a free slab of salmon. That's a rare find in a business. Today we bought sashimi and they included a block of ice so it didn't thaw on the drive home. Super cute :}
4	Okay, I need to start to review the markets; I was asked by my boss; who's wife is Japanese-American (JA) where are good markets; I pointed out Lee Lee & Super L Ranch Market, but I totally forgot about House of Rice, because it's a little far for me in Central PHX to get over there.  But, I love House of Rice; when I need my JA stuff.  The prices seem a little high; but it's the quality that keeps me coming back again & again.
1	My wife is Japanese and I pass this store on my way to work so from time to time either myself or the both of us will stop by to see if by chance they have an item we need there. Let's just say stopping about 15 times to see if they have a specific Japanese item only once did they actually stock what we were looking for. Strangely enough that one time was also the only time that an employee even bothered to say hello or acknowledge our existence at all....
4	It took me a while to venture into HoR, because honestly I didn't know what it was.  A friend told me that he gets the frozen Ahi from there, and it's some of the best he's had.  When I finally made it in, I was really surprised on how much they were able to put in that little store!  The south side of the store carries mostly canned/dry and frozen ingredients.  They do have a small selection of fresh items, like ginger, lemongrass, tofu etc...  There is an excellent selection of Curry's, stir-Fry sauces, and seasonings as well.  The rice is extremely reasonable, and there is a nice variety of types and sizes.   The North side of the store carries an eclectic mix of dinnerware, and cooking utensils.   HoR is definitely not a "One-stop-shop", but it's create  place t get some quality ethnic ingredients without the high mark-up you would find at the grocery store... if you could find it at there!
5	I was in PHX for a few days and getting homesick for some familiarity. For whatever reason that meant to me I needed origami paper. So, swung on by here to pick some up. Their selection isn't *huge*  but it was really neat to find something to fold in the deserts of Phx. I also noted they have an excellent food selection and ice cream flavors (green tea, mango, etc) and mochi. Many thanks!
5	I've been going to House of Rice since 1981.  They have any/all Asian type foods (reading the reviews I have to laugh a little.... They are NOT "predominately" ANYthing, but I know how the reviewers think that.  I would say they are "predominately Dutch and Indonesian" , which is also not true, but that is why I go in there.I never quite get over OR figure out HOW on earth they get so many Dutch & Indonesian products in such a neat and tidy space/area, but I always find MORE than I want (or need).  I went in to get some MAGGI, which I use to season Dutch Pea soup (& other things) and walked out with 5 Chocolade Letters (Pure chocolate St Nik stuff - marked down for clearance) a jar of Tumeric, Rogge Brood (dense rye bread), and FriteSauce (the Dutch Mayo w/spices - but it's not spicy - hard to explain but it's a staple for us Dutchies to put on fries). I coulda woulda shoulda bought a lot more but restrained my adult self and bribed myself into leaving by rationalizing "I can always come back and get more"You can, literally spend hours in there just looking at all the International (mostly of Asian influence) foods, spices, cooking/eating utensils/appliances as well as nicknacks, even jewelry, paper umbrellas, Buddhas, wind chimes, etc etc etc.  you are beginning to get a mental picture of the great variety in a small place.  But it is not junky, unclean or unorganized.  The store's foods are in their respective cultural sections:  Dutch with Dutch, Vietnamese with Vietnamese, Japanese with Japanese, Indonesian with Indonesian, you get the drift.EXCEPT the refrigerator/Freezer section...  AAAAH. Herring, Dutch Cheese! (I never get past the cheese.... Sorry all you sushi or other culture fans... Look at the other reviews?). And a nice little note that said "Sorry, we're out of aged Gouda, but leave your name and we'll call you". Yes, I did.   I just wanted to buy the whole wheel of the cumin cheese.... It is out of this world!  Yes they sell the pieces in wedges!  You see now why I had to leave the store.I recall, in the past, asking them to get certain Dutch products (yes, they also carry a fine collection of cookies, drop (licorice)' candies, mints, beleg (stuff to put on your bread, like sprinkles) and, if I recall, they always were able to accommodate.  I am sure the Japanese, Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Cambodian, etc experiences are similar to my Dutch & Indonesian ones......SIGH :)They also have an online store, which I don't use, because I'm about 15 miles from the store.  They have always been nice and polite to me, but they do not bother you if you are just browsing around.  If you need help or advice, you need to ask.The only thing I can't figure out about this great secret of Scottsdale, AZ is why they are not on the search of the GPS.  They've been at this location forever so it's a mystery to me.LOVE this place!  Their prices are VERY fair, remember most things are imported!I would classify this store as an Asian Market/Grocery that also has Dutch items.ENJOY!
5	Man what a house of "rice"I was a little Disappointed when I saw it wasn't actually built Out of rice but hey that was probably an unreasonable expectation. Other than that small false advertisement,  this place is pretty kick ass especially their sake selection. Me likey my sake! Also their sushi supplies are nice for the at home sushi chef. Whoooaaa!
5	Today was the first time I have been back here since I was a little teenager, so I was very happy to be here! I even wore my favorite shirt, my Totoro shirt! Heehee. Anyway, I couldn't believe how many products they have, and how neat everything is! My mission was to buy a wooden bento, but I didn't find one. I got over it quickly though, when I started looking around at all their neat items! I bought some rice that I did't even know existed. Ha! I can't wait to try their Forbidden Black Rice, but why is it forbidden? I've never seen or heard of black rice before!
5	Great little store. if they dont have it they'll order it for You.
5	Consistantly excellent since first shopping at 1980 Have been trying things and almost always enjoy.Given many gifts as well as purchasing for self.Cooking electric and stovetop always quality. Easy to speak with anyone there including proprietor. Great cheeses.
5	Visited this lovely little piece of heaven today.  Met the most personable woman (Kiyoko) who not only helped us get what we were looking for but gave me ideas and recipes for new ways to use the Japanese groceries  I purchased.  She not only assisted me with my order but also mentioned that she can ship anything I need to the Turks & Caicos shipping company whenever I need something I don't have. Her customer service is a reason for coming back to this little market.My family and I will be returning to The House of Rice next year during our annual family vacation to Scottsdale!  If you get a chance and fancy some Japanese groceries, teas or unusual gift ideas stop off to visit the ladies!Thank you for making our shopping expedition so memorable. See you all next year.
3	No longer there. Not sure if the moved or if they are still in business.
