5	Ah, what can I say? I fell in love with chez nous the minute I walked in the door (well, maybe five minutes after: I had to wait for my eyes to adjust from the blazing summer sun to the barely lit interior of this retro saloon).Everything - and I mean everything is just how I remembered: The long bar; the line of cushioned booths along the wall; the wall of rock water feature behind the bar; the only light provided by super dim wall fixtures reminiscent of the late 19th century; the vintage velour wallpaper (now sans the yellowing and 45+ years of old cigarette smoke); the 70s soundtrack- it was all here! We determined it was slightly smaller than the OG location, but setup almost identically, save for a certainly separate entry room - which, p.s. contained an ATM (this bar is cash only) AND an old school black-and-white photo booth ( a real one, that gives you actual photo-paper print outs). There was a live band on *Wednesday* night - and they weren't half bad. They won my heart by opening with an instrumental cover of Ms. Jackson (if you're nasty)'s That's The Way Love Goes. Wonderful. Sadly, the special was $3 shots of purple hooter and some other shot I can't recall because i instantly began musing on my other options as soon as I heard "hooter" (it's a weeknight, for chrissakes - what am i? 22?). I believe thurs is 2-for-1 ladies night, too bad we missed that. So, me and the G settled for our mutual love of (well) G&Ts for $4 a pop. I believe draft beers were $3.50, imports $5 and top shelf up to $8.But we stuck to the G&T, which our barmaid was kind enough to pack a helluva punch in. just three and I was already planning my ipod song list for the ride home (not alarmingly in and of itself, but my chosen songs were a tell-tale sign of drunkenness: lionel Richie/all night long; Britney spears/Gimme More; ToTo/Africa...you get the idea). she was also kind enough to come out to our table when she noticed we were getting low to replenish our liquids.All in all this place, including its new location, are A+++ in my book.
5	I went to the new 'Nous' with my girlfriends a couple of weeks ago and we had a blast.  Of course there was the standard no card, and a $5 cover that Friday night, but it was well worth the ATM fee.  This is the kind of place you can hear some blues, reggae, soul, and disco to boggie the night away.  I preferred to drink a mixed cocktail and do the twist for most of the night and had a fabulous time.  There is limited seating and it does get crowded (with good reason), so arrive early or plan on spending your night on the dance floor!  The staff is straight forward and they get the job done well, music is top notch for Phoenix, the capital of non blues bar having cities..! have fun!
3	Welp.  Its unavoidable to compare Chez Nous on Grand with Char's over on 7th Ave, so I will do a dual-analysis of these spots.THE ATMOSPHERE:Char's is just a friendlier place.  Their doorman doesn't DEMAND his $5 like a put-out paperboy.  Chez's does.  Its kind of annoying and unsettling as your introduction to a night of hi-falutin drinking and lo-falutin boogieing.  Char's clientle seems to be in higher spirits and more polite as well.  Chez's are chilly.  Burrr.  If you stand in front of their seat to order a drink from the bar (because they went to go dance or something) they will let you know that you may NOT continue to stand there, even for a second.  The bartenders at both places are sweet and quick about their service.THE DRINKS:Weak at both places, but IIRC, they are cheaper at Chez.  The no-card policy at Chez is a nuisance, so Char's is preferable here.  They both serve the typical booze and beer, so nothing really stands out other than the cost (Chez cheaper) and the convenience (Char's takes card).THE MUSIC:They are both MANIACALLY cool spots for some soul-funk-blues and great dance floors to boot.  This is the main reason to but up with any inconveniences, small or large, at either place.  THE SET-UP:Just packed at both places.   If you want to come at a decent hour, you won't get a seat.  So, just forget about it.  Both buildings are pretty neat setups.  Chez is more of a railroad-style-room, and Chars more of a dance-hall set up.  Both have smoking patios, though Char's is small and quaint with tables and a busy atmosphere, while Chez's is (assuming) not complete and barren but large.  OVERALL:Char's Has the Blues AND the lead over Chez due to the fact that I can't seem to get over the vibe that I don't belong to "The Secret Club" ...shhhhh ... over at Chez.  But whatever, the drinks, music, and dancing will get me going at either place.
2	It's weird. I want to love Chez Nous, but I don't yet. You know how it is, it's hard to compare a copy to the original. If you've been to the now defunct location at 7th Avenue & Indian School, it's similar. The bouncers are friendly and just the right amount of chatty, my customized bicycle-riding photographer friends enjoy hanging about there, and the soul music will make you want to get down with your bad self on the dance floor.The night I went, they didn't accept credit cards so that was a bit off-putting. It's not the end of the world to pay two separate ATM fees: once to get in, and then again to buy round of drinks, but it is annoying. (I've been since and was able to use a credit card at the bar but plan on a $25 minimum, an additional 20% gratuity automatically added.) I've been lucky to be able to grab a table every time I go, with no hovering. Even on a fully packed First Friday. The staff could be a little friendlier. Otherwise, it's ok.But, all in all, it's just not the first place I want to go on a Friday night, dig?
5	One of my favorite bars in Phoenix!  How could you not LOVE this place!  It's so awesome inside!  Gary and I were bike riding downtown a few months ago and stopped inside for a little day drinking and a rest.  They did such a wonderful job making it look like the old location.My first trip to Chez Nouz were with out of town friends from Chicago.  I had just moved here and they wanted to visit and I didn't know where to take them.  We had dinner somewhere downtown and we asked where we should go.  This was one of the places she recommended.  We were super happy we went.  It was the best martini I had since leaving Chicago.  We got totally wasted, and I'm not actually sure how we made it home!  That's how great of a time we had.  And I've been going ever since.
4	Wow this place was fantastic!BTW they are open at a new location: 915 Grand AvenueGreat Atmosphere (Dark, 70's style furnishings)Great Music on Friday nights (think Marvin Gaye)Great CrowdBartender's / Bouncer very friendlyLots of Black PeopleI would have given the place five stars but the martini's served come in a tiny martini glass, other than that highly recommended for a date or a group of friends.
5	I would contend to you, dearest Yelper, that I date attractive women. Or at least they're attractive to me. That's the important part, right? But that doesn't mean that when I go out with them I always want to be able to see them... or worse yet have them see what I'm doing... And who knows what I'm doing when I'm there because I can't see the hand in front of my face. LOVE that... The music always gets me grooving in my chair and I'm going to say something politically incorrect. I always feel cooler when I'm hanging out with African Americans. They just give off a cooler than cool vibe. I keep inviting my Afro-American roommate out to whatever and he's always like "Naahh Dude, you're too white." I get it. But I'll break him down eventually. Little does he know I'm Mongolian. So anyway, it's a little difficult to order a drink and always crowded but overall I love it. Bring your stuck up yuppie friends. Smack their skinny asses with the iron hand of culture. They'll thank you tomorrow.
4	I'm a little late to the party....I finally got around to checking out the new and improved Chez Nous last weekend. This is sad because the new location is within walking distance of my humble abode. Anyway, the place looks fantastic. I love that it has the same vibe, the same house band,  the same goofy rock sculpture (WTF is that?) and the wallpaper. LOVE the wallpaper. I also love that the bathrooms are nice and clean, but really- no one goes to a bar for the bathroom.The bartenders make a mean dirty martini and they don't get pissy with you when you order more than one. (Take note, Bikini Lounge!)
2	I love Chez Nous for the dancing, the live music is always great, but this past Friday I was really disappointed.  The cover charge has been raised to $7, the drinks were weak, and I got charged $9 for a Three Olives and Coke.  Combine that with being cash only so getting hit for $3 at the ATM inside the bar, and after one poor drink I was already at $20.  Maybe it's because I've gone back to being a broke college student, but I found the whole experience disappointing.  It seems like a few articles in the AZ Republic recently and the prices are flying through the roof.  So for now, I think I'm going to take a break from our relationship... sorry Chez Nous
2	7 dollar cover for this? hahahaha. it's really a shame.  parking, boo, decorations, boo, no cards at the bar??? seriously?? wtf., Booo.most of the black guys i saw here had their snowflakes. cute. it's like the human embodiment of a pimp cane. accessory for the oh so rich. or want to look rich. whatever. majority of the clientele was in their 50's, which since i am no where close to that age. its not my thing. some of the women strolling this place were by far older then the men, and in fact this one old bag purposefully bumped into me. or she was that drunk. either way i checked for my wallet afterwards. lol.parking was horrible. the door man kinda gave me the creeps with his long leather jacket and insistence on shaking my hand..and the eagerness to shove a flyer in my hand as i was already halfway out the door. i kinda like jazz, groove and funk. but this place also served up a healthy dose of grope, gawk, and funk..not of the musical variety.i can say i will not be returning here. it just didn't really offer any appeal to me. but at least i gave it a chance. my expectations were already low since i knew this place used to be Fat Cats, and you could score some crack rock in the parking lot faster then you could catch yourself if you tripped. i suspect the same can still be obtained, but i think they had the dealers checked to stay in their car...because i did spot a couple sitting in their cutlass in the parking lot. sketch.so to sum it up, bring cash, and enough of itdon't park, try to magically fly here. bring your grandma, she'll have a blast.score some rockyelp.
2	Plenty of Cougars and Black dudes, it's a porno waiting to happen. The $7 cover was ridiculous and I wasn't going to go in...that is until the doorman gave my friend and I (a lady too) a deal. (NO, I didn't have to do "the dirty" in the parking lot or put anything in my mouth! Believe me this place isn't worth that.) I went up to the bar to get a Stella - and got my ass grabbed three times. By whom? I don't know; it was too packed to tell. (Obviously people like this place, though I'm not sure why...)I was lucky to get a parking space right away so that was a plus, but I don't plan on coming back, so the next guy can have it.
2	I think Arik and Eric summed it up pretty well. WOW I was under the impression I never had to pay cover......anywhere.........EVER!! I almost had 30 years of this luck I guess because that streak was broken last night and it was not worth it IMO. I should have stayed at FEZ and followed Thomas & Rickie home. *sigh* Really!?!?! Who's idea was this anyway!?!?! I got poked and prodded like a cow here which I usually dont mind so much but there was definitely attitude here that I dont really care to experience again. I was watching the bartender "Her name was Naomi" let's just say I prob wouldnt order anything but beer here and leave it at that.
1	Dear person who decided that we would have our "after party" at Chez Nous,It is with the most utmost regret that inform you that you're choice of after party venues was teh suck. And no, I did not misspell "the". That's how we say it these days. Get with the times, sucka.But seriously, wtf?Through what twisted logic did you come to the conclusion that the best way to top off a birthday party at fez laden with free appetizers, cake, and drink specials was an over-priced, overcrowded jazz bar...on a Saturday night?Now before I go any further, I shall confess to you that I was spared the $7 dollar charge. My friend and I managed to talk the doorman down to $4 for the two of us. Perhaps he was desperate to get more ladies into the establishment. Perhaps he's just a chump.In either case, you'll be interested to know that while waiting in the parking lot for my friend's boyfriend to show up, I witnessed the doorman using your $7 to help pay for a pizza and hot sandwich from Dominos. Unlike some of the other ladies in our party, I will not complain about the ass-grabbing and creepy smiles I received. Because I didn't receive any. No, menacing glares and bathroom gossip was my lot. Feeling that my safety was in jeopardy, I was compelled to make a hasty exit in the middle of the chorus of "Ladies Night". I'm not going to fault you for inviting me to a totally UN-safe space (because maybe I should've done some research before I took you up on it), but if you were a vegan I wouldn't invite you to a place that I knew had no vegan-friendly options. I'm going to leave it at that.And I'm not going to expect you to ask all of us our age, but please be aware that there are a great number of us who were NOT products of the 70's and have little use for disco and gold chains. The average patron had to be at least 10 years older and 20 years more behind on fashion than even you'd ever tolerate in a date. I take solace in the knowledge that you were just as unlucky as I would be (if I was single and into cougars, that is).I know that the overall cost of Chez Nous might seem a little exaggerated, considering we just had free appetizers and cake at FEZ, but nothing ruins a birthday party afterglow like inane ATM fees and greedy, smooth-talking doormen.Regardless, I want you to know that despite my displeasure with your recent choice of after-party locales, I still love you. In fact, I'm grateful to you, in my own way. It's so hard to be funny and snarky when you're writing a 4-5 star review of a place. In a time where my ability to nitpick and rant, it's refreshing to finally find a place so terrible I am justified in my neurosis. In the event that all of this is too wordy and convoluted to understand, I've made you a chart. =Things That Are Awesome=YelpMartinisZombie moviesLesbians=Things That Are Not Awesome=Overcrowded bars with unreasonable cover chargeSee you at the next UYE, you jive motherfucker!Hugs and kisses,JettaP.S. Nathan, I still have your coat. Let's make arrangements to get it back to you. The longer I have it the longer I'm going to be tempted to use it the next time Misty S and I have "roleplay night". Which I might do anyway if I find out all this was your idea : - )
3	Let me preface this review by letting all you fine Yelpers know that I am a Char's man.Chez Nous isn't bad. It is a litle like an ex girlfriend who you hook up with between relationships...it's ok, fun even. If it's around the corner why not...but let's face it I am in love with Char's so I don't think we can do this anymore Chez Nous..It doesn't feel right. It's not you it's me really... well it is a little bit you.The drinks came in plastic cups...classy. The crowd was a bit less friendly than my love (which is again in case you missed it: Char's).The band was good but the layout puts you pretty far from  the action unless you are on the dance floor. I forgot to mention Char;s in that sentence. So anyhow if you need a rebound club check it out, but you can't make a whore a housewife so bet on the queen of hearts and go to Char's if you have a choice.
3	I went to Chez Nous one evening with friends after dining across the street at the Paisley Violin. It's current location is relative new. They were previously located at the corner of 7th Ave and Indian School, but were forced to move last year to make way for a Fresh and Easy. Although I never visited the original location, those that have say the new location is virtually identical in decor to the original.The bar itself is quite small and intimate. Booths line one wall, bar tables populate the middle, and the bar itself runs nearly the length of the other wall. Live music is apparently a regular event at Chez Nous. The night I went, a jazz/soul band was performing. I like live music, but often times the performers are not that great, especially in a smaller venue. This group was actually quite good, and their music made the evening all that more enjoyable. Although there is no formal dance floor, people danced in the available space.The drinks are reasonably priced, and the bartenders friendly. Although I walked there, the parking lot appeared large enough to accommodate a good sized crowd. Support your community/neighborhood bars!
4	if it had been any less like the original i would have been sad.granted i'm not totally into jazz. ( i know. i'm a monster)but if you go there on an off night it's a really nice place to go to with a datefollowed up with of course their black and white picture booth so you canremember the night forever. :) isn't that romantic?
1	ahhh back in the day!!! when it was fresh and good, then fucking Fresh an Easy came along{ yes i do love me some f@E but damn}and they ruined it for all of us... Now it is like going back to an old boyfriend that you pretended was not that bad, righhhht... They tried, really they did but it is just a shell, the magic is gone.. I've always been in love with you, i guess you know it's true, you took my love for granted.... why? the show is over say goodbye....SAY gooodbye....you broke my heart...
4	Siiiiigggh.  This place is no longer, or at least I couldn't tell you it was opened.  It looked abandoned.  But man I am so upset.  Back in the dizzay, I was known to have a few cosmos, sit in a lounger, and dance with the house band to "Brick Howse."  in fact, my friends often call Brick House my song because of this legendary status.  Sad to report Chez Nous is no longer, and that makes me very sad :(
