5	I brought my husband and my parents all to Papa J's last time my husband and I were in Pittsburgh. My parents are really picky about their italian food, usually they drive places in east bumf*@ (tarentum, ligonier...) to get their capital I-talian.My pop is kinda grumbly, and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth. The only reason I got him here was becuase they were on their way to drop us at the airport.Well, my dad goes back now regularly and that says a lot, considering he lives in Murrysville. The first good sign Dad was happy was that he seemed impressed when it was open- it was noon a few days after Christmas. Second good sign was that Dad ordered wine, at it was only 1 pm. Dad, while not a teetotaler, rarely has a drink before 5 pm so I know he was anticipating a good meal. The kicker was that he was so happy he left our waitress a $20 tip on a $50 meal. Can I say, I live in Texas now and I still relive this afternoon back in December? I had chicken picatta...it was perfect. My dad had eggplant rollatini, my mom had a pizza, and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara. It all was amazing, delicous, and inexpensive. In Austin, you can't get a decent italian meal, much less a decent italian meal for under $50 for four people.I know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but I just think back so fondly on this day...when me Dad liked someplace I took him :)
5	Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.  I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.  Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.  Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
4	This is one of my husband's fave restaurants in town. My husband generally orders Chicken Parm, which is very good. Their sauce is quite good. They serve fresh bread with a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping -- yum. I generally order one of their house salads (think it has a specific name, but can't recall off the top of my head) which has mixed greens and I get it with blue cheese, pine nuts and their yummy vinaigrette. A tad pricey for a salad that's just lettuce and cheese (I want to say about $8 with the extras), but really good. (Especially with some cracked black peeper.) I tend to follow this up with a smaller plate like their red pepper app or the greens & beans. The place has sort of a rustic atmosphere and can be on the loud side. It has a comfortable feeling. It also has a solid wine by the glass selection -- better than a lot of places in the 'burgh. Unfortunately, we've never had dessert there b/c we get so full of bread and dinner!
4	Thanks yelpers for this find. The service, the plating, the ambiance were wonderful. I had the eggplant parmigiana and it was good - but different. It was thinly sliced (like deli meat) and wasn't breaded, it was fried in a very light batter.
5	This place has been a favorite for 20 years since we returned from a trip to Italy having several weeks of fabulous fresh food, and couldn't think of any place we wanted to eat. Papa J's measures up to our expectations with great salads, bead and wine. I'm partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband likes samplers, ravioli, fish, white pizza. I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby. But don't get the wrong impression -it's a great place-consistantly great food.
5	Great, authentic, classic Italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely places. I grew up eating here and make a visit nearly every time I come to town.Try the fried calamari "Roman Style" for a little kick!
3	I've been to Papa J's twice and had mixed experiences.Both times I had the banana pepper appetizer, which is great and goes really well with the FRESH and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.For entrees, me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience.  I've had the fish sandwich (very good) and the eggplant parm sandwich (okay).  My girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it, but the basil was over powering and the bread was soggy with the dressing. The service is also a mixed bag.  The first time our server went out of her way to take care of us and even MADE me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich.  The second time, the server was lackluster, didn't know anything about the menu and wasn't able to take proper care of us.  I would return to Papa J's, but I my terrible experience last time isn't enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie/Robinson.
4	I went there for dinner last night with a client.  This is second time I visited.  I had a scotch and he had a Guiness.  The (-1) is for drink selection. Just stock some better beers and higher end scotch and you're five stars.We started with the meatballs covered with Provolone and other blessed goodness.  These did not disappoint.  I had a four cheese pizza with sweet sausage and garlic.  It was fantastic.  They have so many good dishes, but I wanted the pizza last night.  I couldn't finish the pizza - way to go big medium pizza.I finished up with a coffee.  The parking can be a bit of a challenge on the street, but it's a small town atmosphere in Carnegie, PA.  I love the downtown there.
5	What a wonderful surprise found in Carnegie PA, just south of Pittsburgh.  I was in town on business with a couple co-workers and after having a not so great meal the night before, we asked one of the locals for a recomendation.  They told us to try this little Italian place called Papa J's and boy did they send us to a great place.First off, when you walk up to the place, the front and side windows give you a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside.  You can stand outside and watch the chef making all the wonderful food and you can smell the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.I am not sure how long this place has been around but the kitchen looked well used, while the dining area as well as the bar looked very clean and modern, almost as if it had been freshly updated.  The server was quick to welcome us and suggested several different items off the menu as his favorites when asked.  The three of us were very hungry and wanting to try a few different things, so we began with a Margherita pizza which was absolutely perfect.  They obviously make their own breads and dough for the pizza and I don't think this pizza could have tasted any better.  Then came bowls of Italian wedding soup which was pretty good.  Of everything there, this was the one item I probably could have done without.  Not that it was bad, but there was nothing particularly special about it.  We also ordered the Garlic Rolls (not that the bread they already give you and the pizza was not enough carbs for 1 meal) and they were to die for.  Crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside, these things were a meal by themselves.  One of the guys with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered a cup of the pizza sauce (which is fresh made there, not out of some can) and he was right.  As if these little killer bread balls with garlic were not good enough, dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better.  By the time our meals came, we were all pretty full, but we pushed on and continued to eat.  I had the Veal Parmigiano which was tender and very good.  It came with a side of pasta which I tasted just to try and it was excelent as well.  Had I not been eating a weeks worth of carbs in one sitting with all the pre-meal stuff, I certainly would have finished it.  As it was, I ate most but not all of the generous portion of veal.  One of my co-workers had the Chicken Picatta which he said was one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried a pasta dish which he said was very good as well.  They had a great wine selection as well at reasonable prices by the glass or bottle.Overall a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere.  I don't really know how expensive the area is for food, but coming from the Chicagoland area, I fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable.  The three of us ate very very well for an average of aproximately $30 each not including alcahol.  Fantastic fresh food at a reasonable price, who could ask for more.My only complaint is that I had to return to Chicago and I am now craving to return to Papa J's.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon!!!
4	Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.  Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.  It is the best white pizza I have ever had.  Order the white pizza on our visit this  weekend... it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.  It was delicious!  Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.Like the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.  The bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
1	Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
4	Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.  The bar was jumping when I picked up our order.The white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
4	We met our good friends from Morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu. I had read a few of the reviews ahead of time and the pizza was mentioned more than once so by the time we got there, I was jonesing for it. It certainly delivered. The crust was great, the sauce wast too sweet and the toppings were sufficient. Our friend for the baby clams with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try a bit - as good as the pizza was, this was _much_ better. We'll return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon!
4	OK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner. Advice host that we are in a hurry.  The host advised us it is a 90 minute service. The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine. In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping.  Yum!Just as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service.
4	Great little gem! The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving. I had the carrot cake yummy!! Def a place everyone should try.
2	I have to say that I write this review with much regret, because I have always loved PaPa J's. But my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit. From the minute we were seated, we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. As I said before, I've been to PaPa J's a good handful of times so I know the menu decently well, but the server couldn't explain any of the questions I had about a couple new dishes I was thinking about trying. I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.But it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over, so we didn't care at that point).  I mean come on, for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? There was no one filling up water.My biggest complaint, however, is what happened with our meals. My dad and I both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). Instead, the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all.  And by the way, that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which, we are sure it was) or the chef, who knows for certain. Not to mention, though, that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless. But before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server, let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake, he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet, and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point, the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So, he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, of course, my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for, and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes, believe that or not). All the kitchen did was scrape their "mistake" off of our fish! They didn't remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. Quite frankly, the fish wasn't good at all. I honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from McDonald's that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy, but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I'm not looking for a handout, but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally, I may have asked for a manager, but at this point I was ready to just get out of there (plus, we had to be somewhere else that night).My opinion... for the money, there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at.
4	This is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
4	I thought the interiors were very nice.  We stopped here on a Friday night & I was glad they weren't busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing.  My daughter & I split a chicken parm sandwich, which was really good. Instead of it being served on a hoagie, it was served on thin bread- like focaccia or something.  It was pretty good- little messy.The desserts looked amazing.  I thought it was pretty cool how you can watch the cooks prepare the food from outside.  The kitchen is situated on a corner with lots of windows.I would return.
4	san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.
2	Coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.I ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?  Ambiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of "musts" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!
3	Had dinner at Papa J's with a group of 6.  I loved how the restaurant is in a old brick building with large windows. It felt like a neighborhood restaurant. On a Saturday night, the restaurant was full but not crowded.  We were seated in a room with poor acoustics.  It was difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress.  While she tried, I can see the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the specials to both sides of the table.People ordered bourbon on the rocks before dinner which seemed watered down, while my lemon drop was made nice.  The bread was delicious!  Can you describe it to be creamy?  The fried zucchini was lightly breaded and not too oily.  It was a large portion made up of 2 sliced zucchinis.We ordered a variety of dishes.  The pasta dish was dry with more pasta than sauce or meat.  Those who ordered the fish special thought it was delicious.  The shrimp dish was enjoyed as well.  I had the chicken marsala which was pretty good.  The marsala sauce wasn't too thick, and the chicken moist.Hard to tell if the deserts were "homemade."  The tiramisu and spumoni were small in portion and meant for one. On the whole, I was on the fence with my overall impression of Papa J's.  "A-ok" probably is the best way to describe it.
2	Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are "just" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
1	Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
4	Great place for dinner, drinks or a small celebration.Papa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately, the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here. My favorites are the fried zucchini, wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also, their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. Also, if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event, consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.
2	Although the first impression through the door is charming and the aroma enticing  as you enter this restaurant- much can be improved upon for the prices asked for the dining experience. Our group of 7 had called a week ahead and were seated in the back of the far dining room, right by a door where clinking pots /pans and  dishes were heard throughout our meal, as well as a Darth Vader type noise coming from the ceiling vent. Our waitress was not knowledgable of all menu items, and three of our  very simple requests did not come out as ordered. ( dressing on the side of a salad,  less feta on an entree and no oil on another entree) The waitress blamed it on the cook, but did offer to get one entree changed. Also we were asked if we wanted pine nuts, feta or Gorgonzola on our salad and then were charged 2.00 extra per item in addition to the salad price (6.99) which brought the salad up to 10.99 ! Outrageous !There is so much possibility for ambiance in this restaurant , but they miss the mark on service and atmosphere. I will most likely not return. Very overpriced for the quality and service.
2	Papa J's is expensive and inconsistent.  The ambiance is nice but it doesn't justify the prices.  There are better restaurants in Carnegie.
4	Very good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price.  We had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitress was very efficient , but not very friendly. Our orders came out hot and excellently prepared!  Try the tilapia milanese , it's excellent. Best steamed broccoli Iv'e ever had.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.  I was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.Ordered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.
4	Just to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.We LOVED the food, it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)The one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!  She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... Now... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!The place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   So good food, great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.  All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
4	I am amazed that people can write negative reviews about Papa J's.   I have been a return customer since the early 90's and the food quality, and service, are way above average......and especially for this price range.Kudos to management for maintaining such a level of quality and freshness.   Nothing we had tonight was disappointing, and we over-ordered because each dish was delectable.The best item tonight was the Mozzarella appetizer "cradled" in Bread with an authentic marinara.The white pizza with sun-dried tomatoes was, as usual, out of this world good.   The scallops special appetizer was phenomenal.WE WILL BE BACK.
1	Absolutely Awful Service.  Went to Papa J's awhile ago and the service was bad - the waiter was surly, rude and unhelpful..  Decided to try it again since it is close to Stage 62.  Big mistake.  Greeted by a dour manager that seemed mad that we had a reservation. 30 minutes to get a glass of wine.  At one hour and 45 minutes complained to the manager that we still had not received out entrees.  He said 'What do you want me to do about it?" and said they had a busy night.  This is when tables around us sat empty. I then had to go back to the manager to give us our bill so we could get away from this ruined evening.  The bill was prepared incorrectly. If you want average food and terrible service, this is your place.  We will never go back.
4	The menu has lots of choices and the food is great! The Resturante has been expanded so it's pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for a nice ambience! The bread is great and fresh baked daily!
1	I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table? After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
5	Delicious!  Everything I've ever had here was great!  The white pizza is a MUST!  Always amazing!  I'm also a big fan of the chicken piccatta.  The bread that they bring to the table is delicious too!  They have a wide variety of selections on the menu and they also have nightly specials that always sound great!  Their prices are also reasonable.  Overall, I highly recommend this place!
5	2nd times a charm. This place was 3.5 starts the first time I came, but stepped up large tonight.  Waitress was righteous and very fun.  Food was all excellent.  Caesar salad tasty--got with tomatoes big $ on that, fettuccini carbornara with bacon n smoky cream flavor.  Can't wait for the leftovers!!  The white pizza is that star though.  The crust/dough is heavenly and the flavor is top shelf.  I don't throw those accolades out easily, especially on pie, but this joint serves it up.  Good vibe, great service, phenomenal food.  Ill be back.
3	Service was great. Apps delish, specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!
5	I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.
4	spinach/feta cheese salad:  B-pesto alfredo penne :  :A+Coconut Cake huge piece:  A+bread small portions:  BService B host seemed grumpy, waitress good, but then she got busy .PRICE: Pasta was $15 and the portion smallish more like a $12.99 dish ARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm
5	It was just what we were looking for. The service was great. My husband had the veal sausage on green pepper appetizer in the larger size. It was great (spicy) and enough for a meal. I had the stuffed eggplant. That was very good but the sauce could have been a bit heartier. I would definitely go back. Really nice atmosphere and free parking in the back.
1	We stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (8/1) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said "yep" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said "What do you want me to do"?My friend said "An apology would be a good start" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said "Get out and don't come back" ???????? Are you kidding????My friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. That being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.There are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
5	Some of the best chow around--love this place. The bread and salads and soups are great.
5	Finally, great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh, not that tasteless stuff that locals think is Italian.The bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich, and unlike most restaurants was made with veal. I love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options, and next time, I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing.
2	Man has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.
1	Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
3	Talk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible, thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok, as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly, that is a $10 dish whose price has been inflated.
