3	This open air bar sits in a central location inside the Miracle Mile shops. It's a great place to hang out when you when you want to take a break from shopping. They have plenty of big screen TV's with ESPN sports.
4	not a bad bar at all to hang out and grab a few drinks. came here with Kristina G. and some friends to catch happy hour on a friday afternoon. from 2pm-7pm, the drink specials here are a great deal! $5 patron shots, $15 buckets of beer for 5 Coronas, 2 for 1 margaritas, and 2 for 1 well drinks. the bar is located in the miracle mile shops near the box office for the theater and is right next to the casino entrance to PH so you can do some drunk shopping or gambling after you get a few cheap drinks in your system haha.
5	Great drinks for great prices! Excellent service too. Mike B is the man. Thanks again
4	A great idea, a fun little center bar in the middle of a shopping mall!! The bartenders are super nice and one of the bartenders even gave me free beer, and I wasn't gambling or anything like that- very nice.  Not a club scene or anything like that but a cool little place to relax, grab a few drinks and watch the game. Low key and friendly.
3	My friend and I were stumbling our way to Earl of Sandwich inside the Miracle Mile Shops until we saw a designated drinking station.  We were both dehydrated, as he ordered his usual Johnny Walker Black and I went with Patron Silver.  I typically order a stiff drink but as soon as I saw their Patron machine that houses ice cold tequila, I couldn't resist.  The bar has a cool vibe and was pretty DOA. However, it was pretty early and most sensible tourists were shopping and enjoying ice cream.  I paid a cool $10 or so for my ice cold shot and we were on our way to some grub.
4	Right in the middle of the Planet Hollywood mall which is perfect for me to grab a drink as I shop. You have to be drinking constantly in Vegas. There is no exceptions!!!They had $5 happy hour patron shots which is actually a good deal. Nice bartenders and fairly priced drinks. I would recommend if you are not drunk already.
5	$5 patron or soco lime shots all day, with a free chaser back!Or you can play at the tables and get free shots all night, while losing your money.Fast and friendly service.Watch out, taking shots before you shop, makes you purchase more items than normal.
4	First Impression: I got attracted to this place by it's bright colors of lights! Having it be in the middle and open inside Planet Hollywood is perfect. Came here a few times and the bartender was pretty awesome mixing me up with some original mixes. Even though I'm an easy drunk, I'm still picky... I can tell I was kind of frustrating the bartender by mixing me 3 different drinks until I was satisfied but at least I left a more than good enough tip for dealing with my indecisive self. Last Impression: The most impressive thing that I haven't experienced a shot of Jager in a tube for shots, it was cute! And also I have to give big kudos to the bartender...Check out my photos I posted!
4	went last month, this bar is located in Planet Hollywood Hotel by the casinos. we stopped by here to get the ball rollin after eating at Lobster Me which is also in PH. The bartenders were the shit! my friends and i ended up taking like 10patron shots each plus mixed drinks. I think the patron shots were like 3bucks each?? and served in test tubes. i dunno but i had a great time! ;p
5	$5 patron shots all day everyday, happy hour until 7pm. located inside the miracle mile right outside the planet hollywood, good spot to just chill and drink missionary. I usually stop by here but the last time i visited, this was where an awesome night began and my memory ended haha. The bartender was awesome and didnt make us wait up on anything, overall great
3	Great place to get a drink, especially if you are staying at Planet Hollywood. After dinner, we got drinks from here before calling it a night. Not as loud as the bar in the casino. We could actually carry on a conversation. Drinks are reasonably priced for Vegas.
2	It was an okay place to grab a few drinks. The prices where good. What I really didn't like was that when I checked my bank statement they had added an additional tip for themselves on top of mine. Be careful here.
4	This is just a circular bar, in the middle of the shoppes inside Planet Hollywood.It's a good place to stop and sit for a moment at 5am, or wait for someone to lose a couple hundred bucks in the poker room in PH and have a few drinks while you're waiting. The bartender we had was very chill, which I think is most important in a bar. The booze is the same as every bar after all, though the beer selection may change, it's the people serving you that determine whether you enjoy it or not.Speaking of beer selections, theirs was better than I expected, but no where near acceptable. I'm not too sure if craft beers are as big a deal in Vegas as they are in California, but still. Could of done better on the beer front. Though they thankfully had a mostly full complement of liquors. We were here off hours around 4 am, so the room lights were up and most of the accent neon rave lights were off. Theres this giant spherical crystal chandelier thing hanging over head, and most of the decor here is white marble and painted blue sky ceiling and it gives the place a more peaceful and regal ambiance and it is a stark, but sometimes welcome, contrast to most of the inside of PH, which is what I like to call, action movie strip club motif.Thoroughly enjoyed this place. Won't ever become a regular, since it's in Vegas and honestly, there's free booze on every casino floor, but who knows. Maybe i'll be back some day.
5	Visually stunning bar to look at! My eyes were fixed on the gorgeous chandelier and sparkly things surrounding it!!
5	Everytime we r here we hit the halo! Stan the man, Mike, James and Randy know how to have fun with all and they are very nice personable and even remember you.  Dont miss out. Come by and get the best priced drinks around.
5	Awesome!  Great place to people watch, meet new people and have fun.  Great staff!
4	Great bar located right inside the mall in front of the entrance to planet Hollywood.  What makes this a great bar?  The bartenders!!!  Both of them were on it...and they were extremely friendly and funny.  Perfect place to grab a drink prior to whatever you're about to do.  Haha.  $5 shots, $10 long islands, cheap beer.  My only complaint?  No draft beer...poop.
3	Open late which is nice to catch a drink while you're walking through the hotels
3	After you park at Planet Hollywood and make that hellish long walk through the shopping mall trying to get your tired butt back to your room, the Halo Bar just at the entrance to the casino/hotel is an inviting pit stop.Drinks are expensive, the bartender was attentive but not necessarily friendly, but it's nice-looking and convenient.
4	this cute bar has pretty good specials everyday and all day and they have big screen TVs for any sport action you may need. They are right smack in the middle of the miracle mile mall in Planet Hollywood which is a pretty good location.  if ur bored of shopping come on down and have a drink and the bartenders are nice and there drinks are strong no weakness here lol . I cant complain about the halo bar there prices are reasonable to be inside of a mall
4	Very nice bar to watch the game while getting something to drink. The bar is a huge circle. It's in the Miracle mile shops and right next the casino entrance. They have a flat screen to watch from. Has a good amount of seats and HAPPY HOUR!  SHOTS are like $5. 1 or 2 shots of Patron and I'm done. haha. If you're in town make sure to stop by for a drink or two!
5	Great bar to watch football at. One of the few places where you actually sit directly in front of an hdtv. Happy hour starts at noon, also
5	Best bartender in Vegas!!!  Randy....you are the best time I have had on 2 days!!!I can't wait to be back!
5	Best place ever! Wow, never thought I would see great service again and bam! The Halo Bar has restored my faith. Thank you guys!
5	$5 Patron & Jameson Shots... in Las Vegas? 'Nuff said :) Stumble over to this small bar by Britney Spears theater in the Miracle Miles Mall. You won't be disappointed.
5	pretty cool little circle bar. walked by while the game was on so i decided to sit and watch, it was happy hour, cant remember the time but it was during a random hour. and i got a margarita for 5 bucks. good deal!  nice clear HD tv in front of me and even got served some chex mix while i waited for my drink which i LOVED i thought that was pretty cool. This is a good spot to chill for a bit grab a drink and just get going.
5	Best happy hour prices. $5 shots of patron.  Located in the miracle mile mall at planet Hollywood
2	Drinks are pricey especially for something served in a damn plastic cup, but only if you order call drinks w premium liquor. They actually do have really good deals if you ask, or just look for the flippy things at the bar or stanchion signs. There are $5 shots and $10 cocktails I think all the time as well as some HH specials. I got the Tokyo  tea (like a long island w midori I guess) and even just 1 seriously kicked my ass. I've only been here a couple times while waiting for friends that were late to go to concerts at the Axis, which the Halo Bar is directly in front of. I was there an hour and a half this last time (yeah being punctual effing sucks), so I've observed enough to say that these are some of the worst bartenders at a strip property ever. They were super busy the first time, so I can understand being overwhelmed and slow. But this last time it was empty, and I was still ignored despite being the only person sitting in the section, and 2 bartenders standing right in front of me were too busy messing around changing the tv channel. I liked my cheap and way strong Tokyo tea, but I would get it to go and move on if you have the option. It wasn't just me, they seemed to ignore most people that obviously were waiting for drinks, even hot girls. Hopefully I won't be stuck here waiting for people again for a while, but it is the best meeting place if you're going to a show at the Axis
1	PH Halo Margarita Bar $14 16oz drink. WHAT!Walk around the strip, you'll find the exact same thing, more flavor options for $5-$9
