5	I came here as a walk in on a whim after driving by this place a few times. I got a regular manicure and pedicure and didn't have to wait at all. I love the colors that I chose! The inside is really clean and its cute because the walls are painted pink. I liked the lay out a lot and it seemed like all of the equipment was new. My nails look great and my skin feels so soft! Great service and great prices!
5	Got my hair cut from the lovely Dee!! AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!! This place is beautiful inside!  They cut hair AND do nails, a one stop shop.  The pedicure massage chairs are brand spanking new and so luxurious.  I was a little skeptical of getting my hair cut here at first because I've been going to the same barber for over 5 years (he got an inheritance and retired early! hahaha)  Dee and Billy (owner's) welcomed me with open arms.  Dee is definitely a pro at what does, she made me feel like I was at a salon on the Las Vegas Strip!  Rest assure that you are definitely gonna get the VIP treatment coming here.  They also have great products for sale!  I didn't take any pictures of the salon this time around, but I will the next time I go for sure! As far as the pricing, "forget about it" the best bang for the buck!
1	I Showed up just before 10am. Left at 1015am because no one had showen up even called and left a voicemail no reply at all.  Door states it opens at 10. My friend and I took two cars left one there to go get food.Came back around 230 decided to go ahead with getting pedicures. One express one spa, with the stuff she put on first with the dry towel which I believe was callous remover not sure what ever it was, but was on the back of my leg and burned like hell. With paying 45$plus extra for gel polish I received no massage. Which is the best of a pedicure. The express one was 25$ and didnt receive a massage either. I went outside and looked at my leg didn't look right. It looked like a chemical burn and  is raised with red bumps. It still stings went back in to ask if it was normal they said it was a scab. Which I knew it was not because it was not there when I arrived and scabs dont peel of so easily when I had tried to figure out what happened. Cute place with alot of potential but was the worst pedicure my friend and I have ever had. I will not be returning sadley.
