3	I think this is the place right next to the hookah bar, right? I liked it here. Don't expect upscale, but the service is excellent. Very laid back, and if you're uncomfortable with sitting in a small room with unfamiliar people who typically go in to a store to get their phone flashed... don't go. They did a great job though, we really needed a different phone after the kids destroyed the first one and we didn't have 200 bucks to replace it. We got a new phone for 20 bucks and it only took about 30 minutes for them to do it!
4	Screen would no longer respond on my not-all-that-smart phone. Was quoted $90 to "replace the digitizer" at one place, but thought I'd try WFB first which is much closer to home.  They quoted me $65 for same, but when I came to pick up the phone, the bill was $15. They cleaned the phone and some of the contacts within - and it didn't need the digitizer.  They could have just gone ahead and replaced the digitizer but they took the time to follow up on their suspicions, clean it and test it.  They also could have NOT replaced the digitizer and charged me for it - and I'd never have known.  Phone continues to operate months later.  FIVE stars for honesty and good service.  FIVE stars for courtesy & competence of Jeff at front counter and his seemingly endless patience.  It'd be minus 2 for the nasty cloth chairs and the sometimes hours long wait as there's usually only Jeff at the counter at least in the late afternoon and evenings and he does his best to take care of each customer, generally one at a time, and thoroughly - no rush, but the integrity and service I got won't let me go even a semi-star lower.Previously forgot to note they do more than repair phones. They sell used phones and are a reseller (I guess that's the term) for PagePlus, Boost, Simple Mobile, Cricket, and I believe T-Mobile and perhaps a couple of others.  Can flash phones from one carrier to another, hardware permitting.  Stocks & sells cell phone cases, chargers and accessories as well.
4	Friendly knowledgeable staff. Get your cellphone fixed up fast!
4	Really great personal service. They definitely know what they are doing. The personal service and attention might mean a wait for you, because they give it to all their customers, but it is worth it!
5	Wow. I spoke with the guy over the phone and described my problem. He said it would be a certain price -- at most. I went in, he fixed it and charged me $10.00 less than his estimate!The only downside was the wait time, but that may be because I went there late Friday afternoon and there was a line. Even so, the repair was done on the spot. It was worth the wait.The service was friendly, professional and cheap. Who could ask for anything more?
