4	Love being there the same time as the balloon man.  Gives you something fun to watch while spending some quality time with your Rooty Tooty Fresh n' Frooty.  He's made some impressive stuff though.  We all know what IHOP is, and it's little niche in the world. We only go on the weekends, and normally it's on a Sunday.  When we lived in the area, we hit this place quite a bit.  Gotta say, of all the IHOPs we've been, this is one with the least "church flow".  Ya know how those breakfast places always get packed at about 11:30 to 12:30?  That's church flow.  This one - not so much.  Not sure if that's saying something in general about the area's lack of churchiness, or if it's just constantly full on a Sunday.  It could really go either way.
3	IHOP - this chain restaurant brings back memories of meals with grandparents and post SAT brunch with friends... or was it OHOP?  I can't remember, but either way, you can't go wrong at IHOP if you're in the mood for breakfast.I happened to pop into this location for a breakfast meeting on Wednesday morning.  My companion and I were probably the only patrons under the age of 65, but that didn't stop us from having a good meal.  I ordered an egg white omelette (yes, they do have egg whites if you ask even though they are not on the menu) and 2 Harvest Nut 'N Grain pancakes.  Yum!  Portion sizes were so humongous that I couldn't even finish more than 1/2 of either item.  The pancakes were delicious - and the waiter brought me margarine instead of butter and a sugar free syrup as well.  I can almost talk myself into believing that this was a guilt free breakfast, but not quite!Service was fine... our waiter was sweet and i was pleased that everything arrived exactly as we ordered it.  3 stars because it's a chain but it's a consistent one at that - I would not hesitate to return!
4	Two words for you people...Strawberry Shortcake. IHOP is offering these new Pancake Stackers with cream cheese filling in the middle of 2 great buttermilk pancakes. The wife and I visited this location tonight for quick night out..not to mention my wife wanted to try these new pancakes. We were not disappointed we both had the Strawberry cream filled cheese stackers...she had her's with 2 eggs and hasbrowns...i had mine with 4 strips of Turkey bacon, 2 eggs, and hash browns. The whole meal was only about 14 bucks and the service was outstanding.Now be advised the Pancakes do come in other flavors...but the strawberry one's are fantastic. So if you want a giant sized great tasting version of Strawberry Shortcake...then go and try this new treat at IHOP. Eat, Drink and Be Merry my friends.
2	What in the heck happened to the portion sizes at IHOP? Back in the day, I used to walk out of this place with a full belly, ready to collapse on the couch. This time, I found myself picking off my son's plate! My husband's omelette was smaller than my son's that we ordered off the kids menu! Weird... just weird. I don't think we'll be coming back. I'll stick with the Good Egg.
5	We love this place. Been going once a week for a few months, the staff knows us and are very friendly. Always the same faces, usually a good sign. We had stopped going there a few years back because the food was not the best.  They have improved a lot. Yesterday the staff was wearing orange t-shirts to promote a new menu based on the Lorax movie coming out soon. Tried the Green Eggs and Ham with Rooty Tooty Bar-Ba-Looty Blueberry Cone Cake, "a fluffy pancake with blueberries in a crispy waffle cone, topped with blueberry compote and sprinkled with powdered sugar". It was actually pretty good. My wife had the same with truffula chip pancakes consisting of "whole wheat pancakes filled with rainbow sprinkles, topped with more sprinkles and a creamy strawberry yogurt sauce".  She thought they were too sweet,. This menu seems to be aimed at kids, and it was working. We go early and seldom see kids, but the place was full of them Friday.
3	Went here with a group of friends this morning; you can always count on a long wait on a Sunday morning. Our server was wonderful and attentive, even with how busy it was. He was prompt and brought out everything we requested right away. Our food was a bit slow to come to our table....35-40 minutes after ordering, I think. It was your standard IHOP fare, but I really appreciate that it has "Simple and Fit" menu items that are healthy but still very tasty, and it shows you the nutritional info. If I want a really dynamite breakfast I will not come here, but it is a good place that you can always count on to be good.
4	Well, gotta admit, not a very big fan of IHOP. However, their marketing worked and we have been going there a few times lately, twice because of free birthday meals.Like some other fellow yelper said, you don't expect too much from IHOP, and you should be OK.The food has been good, huge fluffy omelettes, they passed the crispy bacon test, and Sean and Kirk have taken good care of us (in separate occasions).Daughter and hubby love the New York Cheesecake pancakes...
2	We stopped by after a unexpected dental procedure for my wife as she wanted something soft to eat and pancakes filled the bill.  The food was O.K. but our server seemed more interested in us getting leaving.  She took our order and delievered our food with no problem, then she presented us with our check without even asking if we wanted anything more.  I was thinking about some desert, but with the "hurry up and leave" attitude, I wasn't going to bother her.  The sad thing is, they were not busy and I would have thought that she'd been upselling everything so that she could increase her tip.
4	Ok - but seriously. I know we all know IHOP for what is, what it serves, and the last time I had been to one was not memorable - I just ate there. But this one actually made me rethink my opinion. We went on a Sunday for breakfast cause it was close to the new home and well, we got a little unexpected "wow". The place was packed ( always a good sign) but we didn't have to wait too long. Our server, Brian, was super attentive and offered just 'old-school' good service. I mean, I know it's IHOP but still - you're spending money and eating their food - it's appreciated! The menu even surprised us - they have made some decent, healthier updates and it tasted as good as we hoped. Though we don't frequent chains - we will def be back and even thinking to add this location to our breakfast spot circulation.
2	I've eaten at this location several times but I don't think I will be back.The food & the service is always good but the portions seem to be getting smaller each time. I always order the same thing, Pancake combo, 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon & hash browns. The past 2 times I've eaten here, I've left still feeling hungry after eating all that. I don't even think there was a 1/2 cup of hasbrowns & the bacon slices are so thin.I think I will just go a little out of my way & eat at The Good Egg where you get realistic size portions, 4 slices of thick cut, meaty bacon for the same price and I NEVER leave hungry. Sorry IHOP you've disappointed me one too many times.
4	Went to have a late breakfast at about 9:30 P.M. Chicken Florentine Crepes were amazing and service was still spot on. Usually that late at night the service tends to wain. Good job and great food.
2	Don't go here for lunch. It's gross and everything is microwaved. The corn was not fresh and the gravy for the potatoes was like white turd. The service on the other hand flat out sucked. She came twice to fill up my water. I was waiting for about 15 minutes for the check. She said I'm sorry I'm kinda busy. There was 6 people in IHOP! That was just pure laziness. I've gone for breakfast multiple times and it was fine. This time it wasn't very good. Why can't they cook their food instead of microwaving everything? Is it that hard to cook something? I won't be back for lunch. Id rather go to a soup kitchen and ill probably get better food and service there.
4	We go to this IHOP on occassion an it has always been fairly good.We had an Anniversary Coupon, and Lupe was our server. She was nice and friendly.Food was good.PS, not very happy they don't seem to have the NY cheesecake pancakes anymore. Hubby was unhappy, Daughter was devastated...
5	This is my first five star rating. Our server Miriam was bright smiley and energetic. She did a special order waffle for us and it was delicious! I live the theatrical way she poured our coffee. She even poured our refills!! The facilities were clean and the place was very busy but we were seated immediately. This is our second visit. We will always visit this location when we are in the area.
1	I cannot belive this place is still opened! Pancakes were ice cold and like rubber! Hard as a rock bacon, and very lousy service. Will not be going back there anymore.
4	Hard to say no to a free birthday meal : )Went here for breakfast on a Sunday morning and it was a fairly good experience.I had chamomile tea and hubby had diet coke. I was adventurous and tried crepes for the first time in my life (Garden Crepes), they were good. Too sweet some bites but they were good. Hubby had the Colorado Omelette and he enjoyed it too. The only thing I can say is that it is usually bigger, but it was still a decent size. It was kind of plump on one side and the other side was wimpy.Our server Brittany was nice and friendly and one other server helped keep my hubby's glass full. Nice team work.Oh, and by the way... the New York Cheesecake is back : )
5	We love iHop,  we always come here for breakfast.love this plase,pancakes my favorite
4	I was at this part of town and stopped at this IHop for lunch. It was such a pleasant experience with a really great waitress. She had only been working there fo about 8 months. What great service. Thank you so much!
2	Ordered here today, BIG mistake but won't happen again!! I called ahead to order food for take out. I was put on hold and stayed there until I arrived at the restaurant (10+ mins). When I walked in STILL on hold and shared that info with them, they could've cared less! No apology, no nothing!! I was very surprised by that. They clearly aren't concerned with customer service whatsoever given their reviews everywhere online. I checked my food when I got to my car and they barely gave me any topping for my blueberry pancakes and clearly didn't understand what "extra butter and syrup" meant! If I wanted to deal with them I would've gone back in but I was SO over them by then! If I hadn't been set on their pancakes today I would've gone to 5 N Diner or Denny's!! I know better for next time.
2	I came here tonight at 10 pm, and the resteraunt was full of a bunch of panzy, animal like, horizon high school kids. Now I know that sounds mean, but they were literally standing up and yelling, throwing things, screaming across the reateraunt....and not being polite or respectful to other quests. The thing that bothered me the most is that I told multiple waiters to get a manager to ask them to act like humans, and that never happend!!! The food was good, and our waitress was sweet...but management needs some help, if they are allowing this behavior. I was informed by multiple employees that these kids come every Friday night so I would avoid this location!!! I Won't Come Back, I Don't Have Enough BOTTLES Of advil To Handle That, nor do I Have the patience.
5	Eat at this IHOP often, Always late night and always have the same waiter, Ernie. He does a surprisingly great job, no matter how busy it is. Insures food is correct, cooked properly, and always friendly and courteous
