5	My husband and I were getting marred in less than a week. The jewelry store we ordered our wedding bands from informed us (four days prior to our wedding) my husband's wedding band would not be ready in time for the wedding. The band was ordered well before the wedding and we were assured it would arrive in plenty of time. Because the wedding was four days away we scrambled to find an identical band.We did not want to buy from a mall or chain jeweler, but had no choice. We looked at every jeweler in Chandler Fashion Mall, but none carried a size 12. Every jeweler advised that the largest size they carried is a size 10. Frustrated and disappointed, we decided to leave the mall when we spotted Capri Jewelers. We decided to go in with little expectation that we would find a band. To our surprise and delight, notonly did they have an almost identical band, they had the size we wanted in stock! The sales staff was knowledgeable, helpful and had great attitudes. Our purchase was quick and we were very happy! The wedding would not have been the same had myhusband not had his wedding band. Thank you, Capri Jewelers!! The only downside was that we passed their store the following day and said hello.The staff did not remember us, but they probably see a lot of people ina day.  All in all, we were very satisfied with our purchase from Capri and would shop there again!
5	I highly recommend Capri Jewelers if you are looking for that perfect piece of jewelry! We have continued to receive great customer service assisting with a chain and a unique, custom ring. The manager, Rob, worked with us to help find a quality stone in a perfect setting and we couldn't be happier. They have a wonderful selection to help you find exactly what you are looking for.
1	These guys are bullshit!!! Bought a white gold necklace n cross with diamonds NAND found out it's less than 10k and I also bought a yellow gold necklace and seen later that it was stamped with 925 which means it's silver and gold plated. If that's the case why did I pay like it was a real hold necklace. They also use fake diamonds! Don't waste your money here!!!
1	I have had more trouble purchasing jewelery from this company than any other purchase in my entire life. I spent quite a lot of money on two matching bracelets for my mother and I a few months ago. She had only worn her bracelet twice before it snapped in half.  I tried to get the bracelet repaired the following week, and it took the store longer than they had told me it would to repair my bracelet. Before I was able to pick it up, my mother told me that the other bracelet was on the verge of breaking as well. I went into the shop and they told me that because it was a special order, there was no way I could return the bracelets. When I came home, I realized that they did not repair the bracelet properly. Looking at the two bracelets side by side, neither of them look like they will last very long without breaking. They have been very unprofessional and I will never spend my money here ever again.
