3	This park is too small for the amount of dogs that frequent this park, especially at night. The best times to come are early in the morning til late afternoon. In the afternoon there are rowdy dogs who have been cooped up all day running wild here.  I like that there is a seperate section for small dogs. Poop bags are available in both the small dog and bigger section and there are pooper scoopers and trashcans everywhere. The water fountain is in the small dog side which is kind of awkward. Overall it is a decent park if you come at certain times. People are nice and the regular dogs that come are friendly. It's a good park.
3	Yesterday I spent the day at the Snedigar Sportsplex baseball fields. My son played on Field #6 for 2 games. We were at the park for about 5 hours and all I can think about is DIRT!  My eyes and throat are still agitated and I was not enjoying the day yesterday with the breeze blowing dirt every which direction. The baseball fields are fine, nice even, but I'm not getting over the amount of dirt we took in.  Nothing is paved - there are NO SIDEWALKS. Even the dugouts are loose dirt.  It's miserable.
5	Best, and biggest, skatepark in AZ. Too bad it has a closing time...
4	They've remodeled the park! There are a lot more benches to sit at, including around the corner in the long run. Still best times to go are early morning til early afternoon (before the 5pm rush hits). Still closed on Weds for maintenance. Only downside is that they put down this red sand that will stain your interior, especially if your pup gets muddy paws.
4	My dogs love this park. it is small enough so you can keep an eye on your dogs, but big enough so they can run. The park is kept clean & the people are very friendly. They have picnic tables so you can sit & chat while your dogs have a great time.  Because of thevhot weather now. Most people come early in the morning or. After 7:30 in the evening. There is a separate gated area in case your dog is timid in the beginning.
4	This is a very nice park, lots of space, lots of organized kids programs through Sportball org, and a nice kids playground area.They definitely need more & better signage.
4	The dog park is nice. Not too big so you can really keep an eye on your dog and make sure they don't get into trouble. All the people there are nice and very welcoming. My only issue with it is one of the dogs that frequents the park. He is a big white curly-haired dog named George. He is guaranteed to snarl and snap at your dog.. 100% of the time. His owner does NOTHING to fix the situation. She just says "No George don't do that. You're a nice dog." in a really calm voice, showing no assertive action... Clearly he isn't well socialized and really shouldn't be there. I've seen him go after pretty much every single dog that gets near him and all the owner does is try to assure you that it's okay. IT'S NOT! I won't even take my puppy there anymore if he is there. He scares the crap out of him!
5	Such a cool park/rec area! The softball/baseball diamonds have shade coverings, a novelty for this Midwestern chick. Also, a really cool skatepark. I got to watch one of my cousins skateboard around with kids his age, younger, and older. Everything is connected by wide sidewalks for walkers/runners/bikers/skateboarders and everything in between.
