3	I always think going to Lil is a much better idea than actually going. Selling a range of imported products as well as some brands such as Pepsi, Lil is ridiculously cheap. I always come out with a bottle of Pepsi and some chorizo so I don't really make full use of the shop. My flatmate shops there and the pasta sauce makes our flat smell like a mixture between sick and feet. This tells me that I should avoid the products which aren't in English as it will probably be gross.
2	I remember when, in my first year of uni here, everyone in Halls got a Lidl flyer shoved under their door offering everything you could see in the picture for free. Being the cynic that I am, I was convinced there had to be a catch, but nonetheless m friends and I trundled off down to Lidl to pick up our free goodies.Except there was a catch. Everything in there tasted really weird. It all looked like a brand you'd recognise, until you looked at the label properly and there'd be one or two letters slightly different. Don't get me wrong, I did eat some of the stuff, but I can't write this review without sharing with you the fact that I used some of the lemonade included in the package to remove some nail varnish that I'd spilled on my desk a few weeks before. Enough said.
3	This Lidl is a bit out of the way, but hey, still Lidl.They sell the most amazing sweets, their sugarland range got me through a few sticky moments when I was at uni. I can highly recommend their peach loops.At the end of the day, it's a cheap supermarket and when you're in that mind-set, it meets expectations!!
5	I love Lidl.The junkies, the dregs, the lowest of the low. Nothing says "gritty realism" to me quite like a discount supermarket. Despite being partial to Central European cuisine, I must admit that the roll mopp herrings and tinned meat are pushing it a bit far, but if you know where to look, there are countless diamonds.The barbequed pork steaks I once picked up on a whim were wickedly spicy and the kind I'd gladly spend a tenspot on in a shitty Tex-Mex restaurant. The sweets and chocolate are the best in any supermarket chain, bar none, and when Christmas comes round, I'll gladly sit in my filthy hovel and slug bottles of gluhwein day in day out.They also humiliate, spy on, and exploit their employees in the ruthless hunt for profit. What a company.
4	Lidl offers the best value for money in lots of products!! I have been living in that area for more than 3 years now, so I have taken advantage of the weekly offers they have in fresh products but also house appliances or even activity equipment. Yes, the Italian creme caramels might not be as good as the ones you find elsewhere, but their tiramisu is quite decent!! If you look carefully, you will find British brand products at much cheaper prices than British supermarkets, for example the Hobgoblin Ruby ale.Lidl is one of the first places that forces you to buy a plastic bag, so if you want to avoid that, better take a bag for life and carry it with you, or even use a backpack! And you will also find very good quality German chocolates!! Last year they introduced also freshly baked bread and pasties, so you need to try them too!
