3	Very similar to the Feast Buffets at other recent Station Casino properties.  The food was satisfactory.  We went on a Saturday night, so it was steak and shrimp night.  I did not see very many shrimp dishes.  The sirloin and NY steaks were decent.  Overall, a decent buffet, but for the same price, I'd much rather go to the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.
2	Ok so I went to lunch and notthing spectacular..it was good..tasted like the other Indian casino buffets in Cali...what i dont get is they dont have ANY SHRIMP or SEAFOOD at lunch..really cheeziee..I dont know how i ended up here again but lemi tell you about their breakfast..the best part of my breakfast was the omellette station where they cooked my 3 eggs over easy..the bacon was good..well its freakin bacon..they had some left over rice from last nite..it was crunchy..dunno y..the breakfast piizza??..you heard right..breakfast pizza..i would guess left over again.. they had turkey??left over also..wow..so i ordered punch..it tasted like they mixed it with chalk..so I ordered ice tea..it just left me with a funny aftertaste..so i decided to just stay thirsty..they had assorted donuts..k.. this could compare to Circus Circus buffet...or...4th st in LA where they feed the homeless...
4	My rating is a 3.5.  I'm rounding up because of the great service we got from the server. We came here for lunch the day after Thanksgiving.  The place itself is beautiful for a casino. The trendy orange lamps. high irregular acoustic ceiling to help disperse smoke,  and earth tone carpets and unusual chair colors makes this a quirky and contemporary place. Though I love today's music, their muzak system plays sing a long classic hits from the 60s, 70s, and 80s.  They know that the 30-60 year olds got the cash.The buffet is smack dab in the middle of the casino.  The cost per person at lunch is $10, but they gave us a discount for $2 off if we return in December. We hope to go after Christmas, and that there won't be as many people burping, slurping, and inhaling their food.I guess that's a good sign when people in several tables don't talk and just get serious eating.It's clean and spacious. Some dishes, like any buffet looked dry and limp, like some of the melons, salads, and veggie dishes  They had a nice station for prime rib and ham.  My brother got a great looking piece of rare prime rib, just like he orders when in a steak restaurant.  However, the meat was cold because the server cuts a large piece from the roast from which he cuts other pieces.  I asked for the rarest slice he could give me, but that slab was medium well.  Also there were only two seafood dishes, shrimp and veggies and a poached tilapia dish.  Then,  I took a lot of time to look at every section - Salad Bar, American, Chinese, BBQ, Mexican, and Desserts. I was very picky but really enjoyed what I got.  The sweet vinegar cabbage salad was kind of plain but fresh, the Chinese veggies had baby bok choy, Chinese peas, cabbage, and carrots that was just freshly put out.  The rice pilaf was buttery with pieces of peas and carrots but no browned  noodles.  The collard greens with bacon wasn't quite like Johnny Rebs, but it was decent. Their best veggie was the moist and sweet baked in skin yams. Then I hit the desserts, and opted for the pumpkin ice cream and spumoni.  I also got one of these mini tiramisu cups.  Not bad. They had many kinds of pies and cakes, including some that were no sugar added. Their display case looked pretty good.The whole time the server was quick to take out dirty plates and bring drink refills - they didn't ask you, they just brought them..  Overall, I enjoyed eating, being with family, and hearing classic hits.  Some of the items didn't look that great, but I enjoyed what I did get. It was sweet that after lunch, my relatives won money in the penny machines...enough to pay for the lunch we had twice over.
4	Compared to similarly priced buffets, this buffet is very good.  We are local to this one and have eaten breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.  Like all buffets, if you come at the end of the meal times, the food will not be quite as "fresh"  As a general rule, Station Casinos buffets are above average.Of course there are other things to do at this property.
2	Brunch Buffet was less than ok.  All the food tastes like it looks OLD!!!  Server was really nice and helpfull.  Wish they spent as much time on the food as they did the help.
4	Whoa...Aliante is far out there, but this casino is the most beautiful I have ever seen. Almost fitting that this is the true Las Vegas Casino in a desert. Why was I out here, when there was other major casinos? Well, I have to thank a friend for making me drive out there. We were going to have a small reunion at this buffet and like I said, it was beautiful. This buffet is a combination of The Orleans French Market Buffet with Rio's World Buffet. The right price and elegant decor. The Feast Buffet has six stations (Asian, Tex-Mex, BBQ, American and Italian). Mainly, I was on the American, Tex-Mex, and BBQ). OMG...They had Mac n' Cheese, my favorite. I had two to three plates of the magnificent comfort food. They had sub sandwiches which I took a lot of..lol. On to the Tex-Mex, uh-oh, I shouldn't have gotten it, because the meat was right off the stove that it burned my mouth..OUCH!! Finally was the BBQ section. Oh man, there was a lot of Back Back Ribs with a similar smell of Tony Roma's...I only got a plate of it. There was one station that I forgot to get....THE DESSERT Station. After eating all that food, I was full!! So, I just got fruits (cantaloupe, watermelon, and grapes) To top off the trip, the Executive Chef came by and made sure we were doing fine. Now, that's class. In any history of a buffet that I have been to, I have never had an Executive Chef come to pay a visit. Now that's CLASS. I don't have any figures since I didn't pay for the meal, but my friend did use her Station Boarding Pass for lunch. Looks like it was around $9.99 with the BP. This casino is a little far, but it sure is very classy in the middle of nowhere. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
1	My aunt lives down the street and had a couple 2-for-1 coupons so the family came to check it out. We arrived here at 3:30pm only to find it closed til 4pm for the start of their $17.99 seafood buffet. There was an elderly couple sitting inside already though (we found out later that they were regulars and got special treatment). The oysters were mushy and the shrimp cocktail tasted of water from just being defrosted. I didn't see any clam chowder in the soup section so I asked the manager who was walking by and he had someone bring it out. It was ok. The lox was ok. Tomatoes were good. The crab legs in the asian section were flavored well but were a little dry from sitting under the heat lamps too long. They had beef tenderloin instead of prime rib at the carving station. Had a scoop of coffee and a scoop of mint chip ice cream.Some lady slipped and fell from some spilled butter that was not cleaned up. I almost got hit by some flying pieces of the plate that she was holding.
3	It's OK. A buffet is a buffet.
2	We decided to give it another try last night since my aunt had some 2-for-1 coupons. It was their Friday night seafood buffet. I skipped the oysters this time. The clam chowder barely had any clams. The shrimp cocktail were not fresh once again. The ceviche was ok. The beef tenderloin was really tough. The ginger crab in the asian section was ok. We were here mainly for the ginger crab legs. I want to apologize to those who had to wait behind me as I was stacking ginger crab legs on my plate. I was getting about 12 deep on each plate, and I got at least 4 plates of ginger crab.Our waitress was nice. Last time there was a waitress going around just to empty the crab shells off the tables, not last night though. Our table was always full of plates of empty crab legs.
1	I've been to the Feast buffet at Red Rock a few times for work events and enjoyed it so I took my friend to this one since it was closer when he was in town.  Talk about a bad idea.  It was seafood night and everything was either too salty or too greasy.  Both of us got sick afterwards....1 bathroom for my friend, 1 for me, and 1 as a sanctuary.  Sorry big D, next time we'll spend the extra cash and try one on the Strip.
3	The buffet at Aliante casino is just average.  Almost everything was fresh but just average in taste and preparation.  The ribs were boiled, not grilled, but tasted okay.  The carved beef was decent, moist and cooked well.  The fried chicken was okay but the batter was kind of bland.  The spaghetti tasted like it had been sitting around a while, and the marinara sauce was just warmed-up tomato sauce.  The scalloped potatoes were actually pretty good, and I came back for a second helping.  They also had some really good ice cream in the dessert section.I don't think I'd make a special trip to come back to this buffet.  The price was reasonable for a dinner buffet ($12.95), but there are better food choices in Las Vegas and definitely better buffets.
4	This Buffet was Delicious. I liked the Brisket at the BBQ Station, it was fresh and moist. They kept our drinks refilled which is my usual complaint at Buffets. We went at Noon and people were in the Buffet but it wasnt overly crowded. All the stations were kept stocked with food. I wish they had Ambrosia and for the Bread Pudding, Warm Vanilla sauce that some other Feast Buffets have would of been nice to put on top. Which is why they only got 4 stars.
5	Great quality food at an amazing price.  The reason why is because it's located inside of the Aliante Casino.  A casino catering to the local gambling degenerants of Las Vegas  ^_^
4	Affordable, nice staff, and not as crowded as buffets on the strip. Have had the dinner buffet twice and have yet to be disappointed!
2	We had lunch here on a Monday. The place was not busy at all. The food was far from spectacular. We used points from the players card to pay for our buffet. Thank goodness because the  food was horrendous. I would never pay for this buffet with my own money. The service was great other than that this buffet just like the establishment its built-in,is on a downward spiral into.the toilet.
3	I recently went to the Buffet again for Breakfast and haha my inlaws got us the buffet breakfast here for can you believe it $2.99 because they used points and got it half off. Now for even the regular price it was a good deal for the items you get. Granted it isn't the full line up like lunch or dinner but freshly carved Turkey and Ham and Omelets made to order just those two things make it worthwhile. Then you can get your Bacon, Waffles, chicken, fruits and many other things to make you happy. I think I love Vegas more for the Cheap Food than anything else (cause I never win big)
4	The Feast breakfast is currently $4.99 with a player card.  For that price, you get a nice spread of fresh fruit, a made to order omelette bar, all you can drink of non-alcoholic beverages (I had coffee, and it was good), carved ham, and all the other stuff you'd expect on the line (waffles, pancakes, bacon, sausage, toast, oat meal, cold cereal, the list goes on and on).  I can't go to a restaurant and get a small bowl of fruit and coffee for that price.  This is a hell of a deal!  It don't open until 8 a.m., and I'd prefer to start breakfast earlier than that.  If it opened earlier, it would get 5 stars!  Feast on, yelpers.
3	Went here for the first time last night. Just like any other local casinos buffet. The one thing that was different was they had a hawaiian night. So there was a full pig on hand, roasted I think. Decent kalua pig with the right dipping sauces. Deserts were ok, again nothing special just like anywhere else. Our server was great though. Forgot her name but our drinks always stayed filled and empty plates were taking off the table right away. Overall food, ok. Service good.
4	Tuesdays they make whole pigs.  Cruchy skin and everything.
2	The quality of the food at the buffet is really poor.  The only food that is good is the salad bar and the gelato.  The teriyaki or shoyu chicken is always over cooked and very dry and the roast beef is always tough.  I would recommend going to the Santa Fe Station buffet. The food there is ten times better and it's for the same price.
3	I think this is one of the best values in Vegas for buffets. Very cheap and decent selection. It is typical in its offering and nothing mindblowing but it does have a tex mex section. I have been to aa few feast buffets in town and they are all similar . Just stay away from doing a late lunch here because the food will be old. But price wise it is a good way to save a buck. Also word to the wise. They have higher prices on the weekends even though it is the same stuff. So stay away then.
3	Only $5 for breakfast and $7 for lunch but we were cheap and showed up at 10:30, ate a plate of breakfast while waiting for them to change over at 11 to lunch.I don't eat breakfast foods but they had salami and pepperjack cheese cubes which I snacked on while waiting for them to uncover the lunch. It's really close to the Nellis Air Force Base which we stay at whenever we got to vegas so we went twice. Make sure you get the boarding pass so you get the discount and $10 free play cash!
1	Station Buffet has seriously downgraded over the last few months. Rotton Tomatoes in the Salad Bar with indifferent workers to take care of it. Casino is in serious financial difficulty (like most), however with the new lower prices I believe the Pigs at the nearby Pig Farm get  safer food than what is served here. If you eat at Station Buffets limit yourself to Red Rocks and Green Valley and know they have downgraded also.
2	Not bad as far as price.... Food was ok.... Not the best but decent considering how cheap it is... Some food was seasoned perfectly ... Others were a little too salty for my taste ... The dessert was alright...
4	Breakfast for $5.00 who can beat that?!?!? Make your own omelets, hand carved ham, and delicious eggs benedict. There's fresh fruit although it's not a huge selection but they offer other stuff like crepes, fruit  compotes, waffles, french toast, you name it.I can't stress enough...for $5 bucks!!! It's cheaper for me to come here and enjoy a variety of delicious goods than to cook it myself. I love Feat Buffet at Aliante for breakfast. Unfortunately, have yet to try the lunch and dinner.
1	Went for lunch. As with any Vegas buffet, the quality of the food is a gamble, and not one you're very likely to win. Sadly, this one counts as a big loss.Aside from the typical decor, it doesn't even feel like a restaurant. Plates and utensils are washed en masse, resulting in eating surfaces that look like they were simply sprayed with a hose and dipped in sanitation solution. In other words, everything looks dirty.The food is awful. There's really no other way to put it. Looking at positive reviews, I can't for the life of me understand how anyone could eat this stuff with a smile. Maybe low prices are intoxicating their sense of judgment or they have the perfect combination of deadened taste buds and iron stomachs. The only other buffet I've been to that's worse than this one was at Sante Fe Station, and that one induced vomiting.One can't help but shake the feeling this is the foods last chance at being served. Most of the options appear to be right at the borderline of expiration, or at least of the lowest quality. There are seven sections: BBQ, American, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Dessert and the Salad Bar. Don't even think about seafood, because there isn't any. I did my best to try a bit of everything, but it was tough finding anything appetizing from the Asian or Mexican areas. They don't even look right.Meats are profoundly dry, akin to soft wood. Vegetables are fresher than anything, but the taste of the cooked ones manages to be awful as well. Fruit amounts to little more than watermelon. Meanwhile, you have a bountiful selection of breads. Great. And don't forget dessert. It rounds out the stomach cramps nicely. Though to be fair, they do have a gelato station that sticks out like a sore thumb in a place like this.I can handle a bad meal as much as anyone, but this stuck with me the rest of the day, assaulting my stomach with night terrors. The single thing I can honestly say I enjoyed was a potato. I implore anyone with a mouth to go anywhere but this people trough. Even from a financial point of view, the food court will satisfy more for the same price.
2	the food was not impressive and the service was terrible. we were there for an hour and the only time our waitress offered anything was when we sat down. we were never offered refills and never once did she stop by to check on us. we had to stop 2 different waitresses to ask where ours was. One said she would find her then never returned. the other ended up serving us herself. by the end, we asked for coffee then i was so irritated i changed my mind and we got up to ask for a manager. as we were waiting for her the waitress who got us the coffee looked at us, we apologized for wating her time then she walked away rolling her eyes. i dont know what her deal was but i followed right behind her to a table she was serving and made sure she saw me read her name tag then i walked away.the manager finally came and we explained everything. she was GREAT. she knew how to handle upset customers, understood the problem and made sure everything was taken care of. She even offered a refund for the meal but said she would prefer we take a voucher for a free buffet instead so they could have a second chance.i have yet to go back, but even the manager on duty said to make sure we request to NOT have the same waitresses we did this time.as of now, im not impressed.
4	TIME SPENT3 Lunchtime meals1 Dinnertime mealLAYOUTspacious, comfy seating, good selection of foods.SERVICE/FOODthey USE to serve all you can eat Snow Crab, but i don't know what happened.   either way, i've always enjoyed eating at the Aliante...NOTE* Aliante/Feast Buffet -- loves it's military members on Veterans Day as the meal is free.^^PRICINGaverage cost...  think $25.??CLOSINGAliante does a good job of balancing price and selection.   -1 Star until you reinstate Snow Crab Legs.^^;
2	The room is spacious and reminiscent of the one at Red Rock.  The overall food quality was good, but the variety was disappointing because the ethnic stations were closed as was the dessert section. I settled on a rather mundane breakfast of cooked-to-my specifications (thin) omelet, OJ, fruit, bacon and more fruit.
3	Review is for the breakfast buffet only.Family gathering for the Feast Buffet yesterday. Awesome service. I don't remember her name; the only thing I remember is that she's Japanese. The place looks great! Modern and clean. Doesn't smell or feel old.Breakfast wasn't bad - could do without the items (Chinese & Italian)  that looked like the previous night's leftovers. A nice touch was the grill man who could cook you up items, made to order. I'm sure lunch and dinner may be better but for the breakfast buffet, it's OK.
3	The Aliante Feast Buffet is ok. Nothing there is spectacular or interestingly different, but I have never left feeling hungry. I've eaten all the buffets before, but we typically go for lunch every couple months when I have the spare points. I'm not certain I would ever pay full price for the food, as you can get a better buffet downtown at Main Street, where the food seems a bit fresher.The desserts are probably my favorite part. They have a variety of pies, as well as mini dessertsOverall, if you are already in the area, it's fine, but don't go out of your way to visit this buffet, as you can get the same thing at whichever Station casino is closest.
1	Stay far far away!  For a Station Casino this place was VERY DIRTY, crap all over the floors and dust along wall of our booth.  I can handle a little mess during a busy eating time but not when it is close to 9PM.  Will not be back and I will be writing a letter to someone.  I felt bad, I took an out of town friend there.  The food was below what I expected aswell.
3	We still can find some quality food at this Stations buffet, it's not true of some of their other locations.  We come this way from time to time, it's on the other side of the valley, way north.  So it's  drive for us.  If we happen to be in the neighborhood and looking for food, we'll stop in.The selection of food is the usual, salad bar, BBQ, Chinese, Mexican and Italian and of course there are the deserts. Using your players card, you can save a little or even get a free meal if you have enough points.
2	Bleh.So I had been to Aliante's buffet a few times before, but the last time I was there I would say was about a year ago.  In the past it had served its purpose: a cheap way to fill up on a weekend afternoon without having to stray too far from my house.  There were always enough vegetarian options to leave me full and tons of desserts to share with my husband.This past weekend, however, showed me that this buffet had taken a big turn for the worse.  There were hardly any veg-friendly items, and what I could find was not good.  There were several occasions when I took one bite of something and then left the rest to sit on my plate.  The noticeable trend was that nothing was fresh or made from scratch.  The tomatoes in the marinated salad were soft and just a day shy needing to be thrown out.  The lettuce at the salad bar tasted like a sweaty foot.  I'm pretty sure the mac 'n cheese was made with Velveeta.  The hush puppies were completely dried out like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for 6 hours.  I looked at the different pastas and sauces and they appeared to have been sitting out for far too long, so I didn't even bother trying any of it out.  The vegetables they offered all looked like they had been frozen and then steamed into oblivion.  Again, I just didn't bother.The chow mein was completely inedible.  I want to say they used spaghetti noodles (not positive, though) and the noodles were overcooked and just covered in a thick, nasty grease.  One bite and I was done.The only things that were "ok" to me were the pizza, mashed potatoes, and desserts.  The buffet is only $7 for lunch, so I guess you get what you pay for.  A year or two ago, I'd walk away feeling full and thinking it was a good value despite the fact that as a vegetarian I can only eat a small portion of what they offer.  But after this fiasco, I will be spending my $7 elsewhere.For all you non-vegetarians, I would say that $7 is still a really good deal....unless they managed to screw up every single item they offer.  Which at this point, I would believe to be completely possible.
4	This buffet is consistently good I have eaten here probably 8-9 times and have enjoyed it each time. The staff is on top of the food presentation and friendly too. I will eat here many more times!
2	If you want GOOD buffet, go to the WYNN or RIO, but you get what you pay for. This is the "on-the-cheap" low low end buffet for desperate gamblers to get a fill and head back to the slots. This is in no way a good dinner spot unless you just happen to be there and need something quick and cheap. I would suggest TGIFridays which is in this casino. I go here on occasion when I get a 2 for 1 coupon in the mail or if we are at the casino already and just want to grab something fast. Avoid when possible. The food lacks flavor, is not satisfying and this place would not survive if it was a stand alone restaurant.
1	Aliante - Not at all impressed.  It seemed unorganized from the cashier to seating, to getting my food.
5	Great omelette! Bacon done just right. I have eaten at a lot of buffets in town. Everything came together here today. It was best experience in long time at buffet. This is legit. I wasn't riding a high coming off the tables or anything...LOL
5	Finally got a chance to do lunch and dinner here. I don't think you can go anywhere and beat the prices $7.99 and $9.99! I consider Aliante and GVR the best Feast Buffets in the Valley. The food is not bland. The roast beef is off the hook! The mash potatoes have pepper corns and they taste like butter unlike harden flour lumps I've had at other Feast Buffets. The salad bar at Aliante is always full of choices and the desserts are yummy.
4	Aliante Station & Casino is the closest casino to my house. Hubby and I eat here occasionally. Prices are good. Place is clean. Staff is friendly. They have a good salad bar and otherwise a good selection of foods. I always get a big plate of salad and something else I find appetizing.
3	Formerly Aliante Station's Feast Buffet:I rate Medley Buffet okay with a capital O. Recently Station Casinos sold off Aliante Station. After the change in ownership the Feast Buffet exited the newly named Aliante, and Medley Buffet came in. In a way this is a change for the better. I was not crazy over Aliante Station's Feast Buffet. It was on a level below the majority of Station's Feast Buffets. The fact that I was left to fill up on corn chips on my last brunch there, would of left me with a 2-star rating.   The reality is I am also not crazy over Medley Buffet.  It is still a star up from the former Feast Buffet.  Everything that I put on my plate: won ton soup, spaghetti with meatballs, chow mien noodles, fried rice, and cocktail shrimp at night was just Okay.  What is good about Medley Buffet is the price, limited wait, and service. What they did right was to check up on refills and clear the tables-with a smile.  Medley Buffet is in a league far above Circus-Circus Buffet and far below Rio's Carnival Buffet. It is in a league worthy of a return visit when I am in The Aliante.
1	ECK !!! Not Going Back. It Was The Land Of Bland. The Only Saving Grace Was That It Was 2 Fer February. No Need To Trash Food Items Individually. I Wonder What It Was Like When Stations Owned It.
1	SHAKING MY HEAD.So im kind of excited they got this 2 for 1 buffet promotion til the end of February. Of course you gotta have a player card to qualify for it. Since they are no longer a Station Casino, they trying to promote the heck out of their own namesake. So I take my fam and friends for a total party of 8. We get 4 player cards to take full advantage of the offer. Its  friday, which is steak night and the line for the entrance is HELLA long. So we wait. After about 30 minutes later we sit. Im going straight for the steak and beef ribs!Like a drunk dude tryin to skate up an icy hill, it's all fails from this point on. I get beef ribs, ribeye steak, sirloin steak, corn on the cob, and mashed potatoes.1. The beef ribs were dry and very skimpy. I literally had to dump spicy barbeque sauce on them just to get any kind of flavor besides the smoke flavoring. 2. The ribeye steak was well done. Now, if you like steak flavored gum, this piece of rubber is for you!3. The sirloin steak was the ribeye's evil twin brother. Nuff said.Based off of what I just ate, I was afraid to even look at the corn on the cob and mashed potatoes. BUT, I was pleasantly surprised. The corn was actually sweet and rather juicy. The mashed poatoes were tasty and the texture was consistant all through out. If you think about it, that's pretty sad if the sides are what is noteworthy.So I get up to see if there is anything else decent that can satisfy my hunger. As I go to grab a plate, another fail presents itself. I see some people just standing there looking around. Turns out, there were no more plates. Say what? Another unexcusable fail. What restaurant runs out of clean plates? Better yet, a buffet even? So to end my evening I decided to get salad since they had the small plates available for that. YES, I SAID SALAD! With this move I am totally contradicting myself by making fun of people who go to buffets just to eat salad. THIS IS THE LAST FAIL!So in closing, I don't ever remember encountering so many fails at any kind of establishment. Dont get me wrong. I know I should be appreciative of the 2 for 1 promo which I was, but the fails were just too much. So for those of you that are reading this and just now got in line, DONT DO IT!
2	I've been to this buffet a couple of times previous when it was Station's Feast Buffet.  This was my first trip since the ownership changed.  This review is based upon a lunchtime visit.The buffet was nice and clean and the wait staff were very friendly.Now, for the food........  I'll start with what I thought was decent.Most of the salad bar is just fine; there could be an expansion of the salad toppings and that would be a plus, but no real complaints here.  I did think the cold broccoli salad was pretty good.  Also, the selection of gelato is quite nice and tasty.Now, for what definitely needs improvement:The majority of the hot items are similar to what you would find in a high school cafeteria.  Seasoning is not in the cooking staff's vocabulary.  There are too many items that are deep fried and that just does not have a long holding time and hence the quality suffers.  All in all, I think I probably discarded 3 full plates of food that just wasn't worth eating.\I still felt like I got my money's worth by taking a couple of trips through the cold salad bar and a number of plates from the dessert bar.
4	One of  my favorite places to visit when in the Aliante area. Price is very reasonable and most importantly, the service is great. I usually go either on a Saturday or Sunday morning, I always ask for my favorite waitress, Letty. She is quick, super friendly and great to all her customers. Food is good. Again, you have to keep in mind this is a buffet and price is extremely reasonable. In my opinion, their buffet is much better than other breakfast buffets I've tired in town. Always satisfied.
2	Good selection, but the food was rather boring. Ate here once. Won't go back. Go to the food court or tgi Friday's instead
5	You can't go wrong here for breakfast. Omlettes made to order and the service is great. They guy Jose that makes the omlettes is great always on point when making mines. Can't go wrong for the value on this. 4.99 with players cards.....All good...Just so you know im sure it was mentioned here on some review...Its no longer a STATIONS CASINO, and no longer called FEAST BUFFET its now MEDLEY BUFFET.
3	Very good home-cooked type food at great prices.   Good Asian food and excellent pizza.  Amazing homemade ice cream! The only problem I have with this buffet is the food is not consistent.  Some days it's amazing other days it sucks.
3	Now the Medley Buffet, We came here on a Friday for lunch for $9. We used 10k points for $10 of dine-in credit. - Like a Feast buffet but a different Chef. They took the chef from Red Rock. - They have a buy 1 for 2 promo Mon-Thurs only.- Ribs are tough.- I come for the Mexican food! Yum! - Make yourself taco fries and meatball tacos with sour cream! - No sushi for lunch- Single price is $9 with players card but at a station casino, it's $8. - Fried chicken is worth getting- Leave with an ice cream cone!- Good value.
1	Out of all of the Las Vegas buffets I have ever been to, this has got to be the WORST! I am not a picky eater. I usually don't complain about food and I can usually adapt my taste buds to most anything. This shit, I just couldn't!!!!! The TEXAS BUFFET was even better than Aliante! I just honestly was all around disappointed! Most of the food was seriously room temp, not hot. Everything had pork in it. A lot of the stuff was dried out looking from not being touched or mixed. IDK, like I said, I rarely complain about food. I just can't get jiggy with the Aliante buffet! I usually give a place a second try but I wont be doing that with this one!
3	The place is pretty good and the only buffet in the neighborhood.  You can do much better on the strip, but it's a long drive.  This place has inconsistent food quality.  When things are slow they shut down large sections and you have little food to select from.   Some of the dishes are fresh and others are old.  They seem to be understaffed and slow to replace the missing items.    Be sure to use a players card to save $1 - unless than changed recently.
4	This place is now called Medley Buffet. Located inside Aliante Hotel and Casino, a locals casino, this small buffet can be found. The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars is because of their "Hawaiian" night every Tuesday. They have Hawaiian treats such as Kahlua pork, pineapple upside down cake, etc. But the real highlight of Hawaiian night is their lechon...which would grab any Filipino's undivided attention! This was the only reason I went here on gym night. We got a table, grabbed a plate and looked for a big flock of Filipinos. If you see a big group of Filipinos in one spot, it's either they're gossiping about somebody or there's lechon in that spot! There's a reason why Anthony Bourdain calls lechon "the best pork" he has ever eaten! I love pork too and I like cochinillo from Madrid and lechon from Cebu called Zubuchon. Lechon is normally served at an important event such as a wedding, graduation, baptism, family reunion (or whatever reunion) and birthdays. My excuse is it's still my birthday.So we found the lechon...chopped up and ready for the pickins. Ooh, there were bottles of MANG TOMAS to dip your porky treat in. A testimony of legitness. I filled my first plate of just lechon: meat and crispy skin...and a spot for Mang Tomas. I don't eat rice because I'm a weird Asian. The meat was nice although there were some parts that were dry. Tip: for juicy pork, pick the part closest to the bone. If you want fatty, tender cuts, get the belly...the only down side to that is you could be crunching on pig nipples. But whatever. Eat the skin while it's still hot. I know most of us like taking lots of pictures of what we're about to eat so we have something to post on Yelp and social media websites...you're putting yourself at great risk of stabbing/cutting your gums if the once crispy pork skin gets cold. Lechon doesn't let you mess around! It's serious business. The only fine detail they forgot was the apple inside the pig's mouth.They have the usual buffet desserts: pies, cakes, gelato, frozen yogurt/ soft-served ice cream, fruits, etc. i like the frozen yogurt and spumoni gelato. I tried the pineapple upside down cake which was more muffin than it was cake. But I still liked it.So yeah, LECHON TUESDAYS!!! Hoy! For only $20 you can eat as much lechon your arteries would allow you to eat before clogging up and if you/ your tito/tita, ate/kuya have/has an Aliante players card, it's only $15/person! Compare the savings if you got your own lechon for $100-200 depending on the size of the pig because nobody in town will sell lechon in small portions - you get the whole pig or none at all.
3	As mentioned the buffet is OK and nothing spectacular.  Some days are better than others depending on the daily selections.  Salad bar is very good and the staff friendly.
5	Me and my husband come every Friday night for seafood night because $20 for all you can eat crab is a great price considering how fresh it always is! And their ice cream bar has about 10 different flavors of scooped ice cream and  they are delicious!
3	Came here because my group was indecisive about what to have for dinner, so what better way to please everyone then to go to a buffet. This one is like any other local casino low key buffet. Food was good and it filled my belly, but nothing spectacular. Pros: -No wait at all for dinner on a Saturday night-Good variety: BBQ, Carving station, Mexican, Asian, Italian, Gelato-Cheap! Get an aliante card and earn yourself some discountsCons:-Quality was medicore-Some of the food had the appearance of sitting out too long
4	The Aliante buffet has improved a lot since being apart from the Station Casinos.  The quality of the food has improved and the workers seem to be more service oriented.  It's a good value for the food you get.
4	Get the Aliante Players Club for discount on buffet.  I've eaten at this buffet since the hotel opened and prices are very reasonable, especially for food variety.  You can enjoy Barbeque, Asian, American Fare, Italian, salads, and a nice variety of desserts and gelato.Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Go to the company website to check for Dining Promotions.  Special Nights include:Tuesday - Hawaiian Pig Roast NightThursday - Live PastaFriday - SeafoodSaturday - Steak
1	I've been here twice and both times I was disappointed. At dinner, everything was dry/stale like it had been sitting there all day. The fried shrimp were not deveined either. Gross. At breakfast, everything lacked flavor and the eggs were so watery I'm guessing they were made from powder.  I will not go back to this buffet. It's inexpensive, but even that couldn't make up for the state of the food.
4	Went for brunch recently with visiting family. Staff very accommodating with toddler & seating. Server prompt & attentive when leaky beverage glass appeared.  Food was plentiful & tasty.
5	Came for steak night on Saturday. It's only 15.99 with players card and the selection is amazing.   Steaks available are NY strip, bacon wrapped filet, prime rib, rib eye, and carne asada. There are several sushi choices as well. The tamales are good and there are a ton of sides and veggies to choose from. Glad we stopped by.
4	The breakfast choices were so so. But I suppose it's what you get for $8.99. Just when I thought I was only going to eat one plate of decent food (home fries, chorizo eggs, spinach with eggs, and mini waffles), they started putting out lunch! Yay for us for being typically late to everything. We were able to get some lunch items but I was more excited about dessert! They had some delicious chewy cookies and a wide variety of ice cream. Super yum!
5	I'm a picky buffet goer, that being said I had low expectations for an ex station casino. This is the Medley buffet now. Normally 15.99 without your player's card (10.99 with card).  We had two for ones & for $17 three of us ate. I'm in love with this place.  The staff was very understanding & polite.  Cherie was a pleasant waitress also. Here's the real reason I have them 5 stars. It was about 4pm when we went in & we all know buffet food sits.  It looked average not going to lie. The roast beef was overcooked to the point it lost the juiciness, still I cut it worth a butter knife, it fell apart & had the right amount of seasoning. The lasagna was boring I saw it had ricotta but no mozzarella was left because some scooped it off the top (at least that's how we make is at home). I was skeptical but the small portion I had tasted like I was eating at home minus the greasy cheese. Top notch I applaud the head chef & everyone cooking.They're desserts are great too! The only two things I wish they had was cook to order Philly cheese Steaks & more gluten free options.  My allergy isn't severe but I can't eat loaf of bread on top of pasta so I have to say the salad bar was pretty good. The shrimp was eh I must of picked up a bad shrimp it tasted like eating metallic... ugh!  But I don't think that should take away from the experience plenty of food to choose from. Great job Aliante! I consider you my favorite buffet hope the next visit leaves a lasting impression as well!Buffet hours are as listed on the website for  MEDLEY BUFFEThttp://www.aliantegaming.com/dine/#promosBREAKFAST:                                                                BRUNCH:Mon - Fri  7am - 11am $5.99*                                     Sat - Sun  7am - 3pm $10.99*LUNCH:Mon - Thur 11am - 4pm $8.99*Fri  11am - 3pm $8.99*DINNER:Sun - Thur  4pm - 9pm $10.99*Tue  4pm - 9pm $10.99* ~~~~~~Hawaiian Pig Roast NightThur 4pm - 9pm $10.99* ~~~~~~Live Pasta NightFri    4pm - 9pm $19.99* ~~~~~~Seafood NightSat   4pm - 9pm $15.99* ~~~~~~ Steak NightChildren under 2 Free. Lunch ends at 3pm on Fridays.* With Aliante Players Club Card
5	First time we've been here since it changed hands and is no longer a station, we weren't sure what to expect.....it's been totally awesome!! $5.99 with players card (can't beat that), lots of selection but watch out for the omelette guy, Jose, he's a tricky one! You ask for easy cheese & he'll give 1 little shred of it, ask for lots of cheese & he'll make it look like he's giving you 3 scoops of it!! The best way to start the day is with a good laugh & he definitely did that!!! Thanks Jose the omelette was delicious! My husband & I are looking forward to our next "ditch work & sneak off to breakfast" day.
5	Five stars for the service, accommodation, friendly staff and food. I contacted Bonnie from Medley Buffet at Aliante Casino. She gave me a good price and assured that me and my 17 guests will be accommodated... They did! Two thumbs up for the Medley Buffet team.So, if you're planning a get together and don't want the hassle of cooking, planning, cleaning, etc.... just give these guys a call and they will help you out.
3	Well it's Sunday and the place seems busy but not to where we have to wait to be seated, but we did. Then I asked the manager how long the wait is, and she said we are working it and walked away. Then she asked my sister it we were ok.... Not the best way to start off the meal. The food was good, it's wasn't old like it had been sitting for a while... That I was appreciative of! Out waitress was attentive and friendly!  I'll come back for the food, but hopefully the manager is fired.
3	I'm reviewing the food I've placed on my plate. It's brunch so don't be freaked out what you read here.Egg Benedict was very salty and the sauce was not made with real butter either.Tator tots were fine as were the biscuits and gravy.The potstickers I had were also pretty salty, they were tasty but the salt content in my eggs Benedict and potstickers was overwhelming, actually I think salty we be my adjective describing most of my food today. The steamed veggies were pretty good though. I did order a custom made omelet and that was very good.The waffles and blintzes were tasty as well. I had a bite of almost everything but I was surprised by the overall saltiness in the food today. It's not always this way but today was abnormal I hope.Summing  it all up, during brunch I recommend the custom omelet, blintzes with strawberries, a few strips of bacon, steamed veggies, and fruit. If you eat anything else may I suggest drinking plenty of water to flush the sodium from your body.Peace
5	Love it. I love buffets and I love this one. Good food and good service. Bring you whole family if you want. It's great for everyone. The food is awesome and have food for everyone. I would recommend this place for anyone who is hungry and love food.
4	The best place in town for weekend brunch.Only 11 dollars a person! Fresh omelets made to order,carving station,shrimp,awesome biscuits and gravy,and all you can drink champagne! A bit out of the way for me,but it's worth it
4	Good buffet.  Typical food selection.  Better food than Santa Fe Station buffet. Will come back again.
