4	Sometimes, the best way to appreciate life is to take yourself to the very pits of it, and just revel in the sheer destitution. Princes Mall Food Court may be a bleak, depressing and foul-smelling experience all rolled into one, but it's also quite unforgettable for those same reasons.Effectively a collection of chain fast food joints surrounding a sprawling mass of cheap late 80s tables, the first thing you'll notice is that the punters are all under 16 or over 65. Those that aren't are rarely in possession of all their limbs, or teeth.I'm not the type to snicker at fast food to try and convince both myself and others I've a shred of class, so I can appreciate the outlets here for what they are, and to some extent, enjoy them. It's just the customers that make it difficult. Every time you look up, you will definitely catch a glimpse of someone who's appearance and / or eating habits puts you off your lunch, so your best bet is just to keep your head down and get on with it. This can actually make your saturated fat-laden feast that bit more enjoyable, as you'll likely concentrate solely on the eating to blank out the misery of your surroundings.It stinks too. Really bad. Yet it has to be experienced at least once, preferably via KFC or Harry Ramsden's. Spud-U-Like looks very tempting as well and I'll go for that one next time I can muster up enough self-loathing to set foot in here.
2	Much like the whole of Princes Mall, the food court isn't anything special. The only thing it has going for it is it's convenient location to Waverly Station so if you're in a rush you can nip in and out before jumping on your train. In my case, I'll usually nip into Spud-u-Like which I think is the best of the bunch the food court has to offer and I can never turn down a baked potato with beans and cheese. Mmm.If spuds aren't your thing then you can choose from the almighty Harry Ramsden's, McDonalds, Subway, KFC, O'Briens or Costa. Take your pick. The main downside, is the fact that this place feels like the most depressing shopping centre in the world so I wouldn't choose to eat here if I wasn't in a rush because it's not the nicest place to spend more time than you have to.
3	I will say if you just around for a very quick shop this is the place for you. New look,  gleneagles, Joy among others. I rate this a 3 as I've been using the centre a lot lately as that just happens to be where the social case of where my fluttering by has been.
2	Just a busy fast food area. Nothing special really unless your looking for some grease and fat for the arteries. Just ducked in to buy some coffee which was not that good anyways. Just needed the caffeen to boost moral! Otherwise I hardly go in here unless I have to use the bathroom which cost 30P or so btw so make sure you have change on hand. Other then that really there isnt much to say about here. Gave the 2-star cause the place was clean and so are the loos.
3	This place is just your typical food court in a typical mall/shopping centre. It has a good selection and is located right in the heart of Edinburgh with great transport links just a few steps away.There not much to say about it to be honest it really is just as it says, a food court.
