5	So happy I get to be the first to review, and start it off with a good one.I visited 9/22, a week and 2 days after they opened. In most restuarants this is sort of a grace period were there may be a few forgivable mistakes in service and our food prep: not so at salt. in short: a fun atmosphere with fantastic food. Full review on my site
4	The space has a nice clean svelte but unpretentious design to it. The loft and edge detailing, an open stainless kitchen, a cozy bar and giant chalkboard wall with sleek light fixtures give it the kindof modern youth appeal you'd find in a hip Chicago joint. But there were some opposing choices which which confused my opinion and affected  the totality of the experience. First the seating.. I dont mind the communal tables, but the channel running down the middle was uncomfortable.. for the setting of plates and for reaching out across the table to friends. Im not sure if the metal channel that bisects the table is supposed to fit a lazy suzan or something like that.. or whether the intention of the table was never realized...because the presentation of the food was decided upon later.. whatever it was the table construction downstairs is awkward.  Perhaps next time I will ask to be seated upstairs. Communal tables to me, indicate the lack of pretentiousness and the ability to relax..... our waiter however was somehow overly formal which again made me sit on the hard edge of my seat... Lastly, regarding the seating, if you sit at the table downstairs close to the board, its difficult to read the menu (duh) on the board.. it requires you to stand back at the kitchen counter to be able to read it comfortably on the wall.. which is fine.. but i felt like I couldnt do that because the atmosphere seemed uppity the night I went (and that may have to do with the clientele which seemed suburban and nuevo riche)I really enjoyed watching the cooking team tho.. and seeing one read off the orders and the rest disperse into precise action - was really refreshing. The well lit open kitchen is much appreciated as to me it indicates a high respect for how the food is handled. Now onto the food which is really the most important part. Generally all the ingredients in all of our food tasted of being of great quality. Nothing was wilted, dry, cold, soured etc...and I got the sense (, both from the food and watching the team in action.. that my meal was being pulled together from scratch as opposed to assembled from pre-made vats.. We shared appetizers (which again sharing is awkward on a table that has a trough running the middle of it)...the Brioche was very tastey, some nice opposition of texture and flavor. The crab tasted fresh and I really appreciate the  herbs that sortof clean your palate.. the Beef Tartare used very good marbled beef, the flavoring has a distinct asian lean to it.. I really enjoyed scooping it up onto the little crostinis and sopping up the tomatillo base with it... the slices of (rhubarb?) again provided an counterpoint taste and texture... for the main course I had the pork belly.. I never ever eat food  this heavy in fat but Ive heard alot of good reviews about this dish in particular... my friend also ordered it.. between our dishes there was an inconsistency in the level of char on the belly... but both dishes the meat/fat just slid right off onto your fork.. it was very very good as anything would be should it be charred, caramelized and hugged in fat.. the pork belly was served on a mash of pretzel which was good but also heavy.. the slaw (which may have had caramelized onions in it? or maybe more  meat..) was nice and the pork rhinds were the neat texture counterpoint to this dish..  (The pork rhinds particularly took me back to days of home and eating rhinds with hot sauce off a street vendor in Pilsen..)Another person in our party had the duck breast.. which he liked but we all had one common criticism...our entrees just had an overabundance of "sweet".. there was nice differences in the appetizers, and there were nice differences in textures for your mouth.. but sweetness was overwhelming and I couldn't finish my entree... we took a look at the menu and it seemed like the majority of dinner items really are based in sweet sources.. I really hope the menu changes occasionally (as i think that is the intent), I probably will come back again to have a drink and dessert and maybe one of the vegetarian options next.... and to sit upstairs with a different waiter. I think the prices are fair for the quality of ingredients and I think the dishes are prepared well.. im pining though, for more diversity in flavors and a more consistent atmosphere that would allow me to feel more at ease...Overall its a great addition to the East End..and in contrast to the other review I DO NOT think this place needs to "grow some balls" - Not every high quality restaurant in Pittsburgh should pander to Saks 5th Avenue corpses... there is enough of that in this city.. which frankly can suck out the youthful atmosphere out of places with demands and snootiness and such (what do you MEAN you dont have type X Vodka?!) ... Pittsburgh needs to help elevate the pallates of the young and mobile... so that they want to stay here and EA
5	This is a very short review.This place served me the best meal I've had in years, and I'm enormously happy it's open; it's spendy, but damn, if you're going out for a good dinner, this is the place I'd recommend, hands down.Phenomenal.  Perfect.  No fault.  Awesome.  Great.  Stellar.  Wooo.
2	Salt fell short of my expectations. The decor is trendy and warm, but the food was mediocre. I ordered the sweet bread with potato puree. Sweetbread in itself is an acquired taste and like lamb needs to be prepared just right to avoid the strong organ/gamey taste and that just wasn't the case. My entree consisted of the duck breast served medium to medium rare with a banana potato puree and curry potatoes with pears. The duck was extremely chewy and tough and the puree combination while it was very interesting and tasty, just didn't blend well with the curry potatoes and duck. It's almost as if they tried too hard. Also duck liver is something you shouldn't leave off the description of the meal as it's not a side most people can stomach, and probably shouldn't be surprised with. All in all I'm glad this establishment opened up on penn, but I would definitely order something else next time. I'll give it another shot before I have second thoughts.
1	We were very much looking forward to eating here. We had the chef's cooking at the Alchemy meal at the Bigelow Grille.We loved it there. Sorry to see him leave. So we were excited about trying Salt. The drink special was horrible.....I sent it back. Not drinkable. They still charged me for it. The cheese plate was good....but no bread or crackers available. Odd. Beet salad was unique with the poached egg. Duck was good, but fatty. The short ribs were VERY fatty. We looked forward to dessert: a choice of ONE. We left hungry and unhappy, and over $100 poorer. Our waitress did not offer us the meal descriptions like the other waitstaff. The chef is a great cook.....we know from his alchemy skills. Please bring it back!
4	I went to Salt last night with a friend and it's like you're not even in Pittsburgh! The place definitely reminds me of restaurants in bigger metropolitan areas. We actually initially passed it up when driving b/c there's not much around it in terms of other restaurants. I think I remember seeing a beer distributor across the street. So on to the review - the hostess and wait staff were extremely pleasant and attentive. We asked to be seated at a community table and looked over the menu. Although the menu isn't extensive, it offers a variety of flavors. I chose the short ribs which are boneless. They were really good, they had more fat on them than I'm comfortable with, but I tend not to eat a lot of meat so I'm really really picky. The sauce on it was great and the brussel sprouts and mushrooms were cooked to perfection. They also had this sweet potato puree - LOVED IT - but I'm a big sweet potato fan. For a drink I ordered the "Rum" cocktail which was amazing. It wasn't overly sweet or bitter - I couldn't even taste the alcohol but I could feel it - dangerous! It was one of the best drinks I've ever had...we even went to Embury afterwards and I thought Salt's drinks were so much better than Embury's. All in all a great experience, I docked them one star b/c of the fatty meat - but hey maybe they were meant to be like that! They were very tender and flavorful.
1	I went there with 4 people including myself, last Saturday night. I mistakingly took the advice of a reviewer that if you dine in the common area, you would not need a reservation. Got there around 8PM and the place was packed.The hostess told us it would be 1- 1/2 hour wait, an obvious attempt to tell us we would not be seated. Since we drove all the way there, parked and had no back-up plan, we decided to have a drink and talk about what to do.I made it to the bar, but my 2 friends and wife were headed off at the pass by the hostess and told they could not go to the bar because it would be blocking traffic through the kitchen. Not kidding. The bar was not crowded, but small. Seats mostly taken, yes.I came back when I saw the horror on my wife and friends faces and asked her " So you are telling us we can wait 1-1/2 hour for a table, but not have a drink at the bar? How about the restrooms, are they off limits?" She promptly ignored my questions and started talking to incoming patrons. Very very rude and obnoxious.I know how it is in the industry, I have worked it and so has my wife. Yes, things can get busy, but this was simply silly.I warn the owners: Your place is hot, strike fast-yes-, but have a plan for longevity. In a market that is this fickle, with customer service like this, you won't get many repeat customers in the future once the buzz dies down. Like Pop-Rocks or Pet-Rocks, this will be your place in 2012 if you keep asleep at the wheel when it comes to the little things, like the customers satisfaction and desire for a good experience.I would not recommend this place unless they dramatically change their attitude.PAC
3	So last night I finally went to NaCl to see what all the hooplah was about...let me say as a premise that I considered myself an above average judge of food and restaurants, have been "around" quite a bit and an accomplished chef myself....The restaurant is in an unexpected neighborhood...the ambiance is trendy with nice "energy"...the kitchen is open, and there are "communal" tables on the main floor...I did not visit the reservation-only upstairs...all dinner and drink items are listed on a blackboard...my honey and I are vodka drinkers, so we just had glasses of Boyd and Blair...VERY small "pours"...nice bartenders making specialty drinks, but we think "measuring" every ingredient is amateurish and gives wrong impression..Octopus appetizer had right balance of presentation, taste and texture...Scallop appetizer nice presentation but ordinary...main courses we both poor...Sea Bass overly salted in cool broth...amateurish attempt at fancy presentation of broth brought   in "Mellior", poorly accomplished by fumbling waiter...Sturgeon poorly cooked, and when the chef was questioned, we were told it was correct!!!haha!!!Cheese plate desert was a joke!  Very pretty by basically one grape cut up in slices, trivial amounts of cheese...SO, I would suggest that NaCl needs to polish some rough edges...concept is good and could be very good, but some serious short comings need to be addressed...I will not be going back...even in PITTSBURGH you can dine better than that!!!
1	I had called weeks in advance asking for the common table for my daughters birthday dinner.  I was told that if we got there early we would be able to sit there.  Three days before the birthday, I called to verify everything and was told that he did not want to hold the table for a bunch of ladies who would sit there all night when clearly , since the restaurant was sold out, he could "turn that table " three times and make $2000. He offered me a private room upstairs  for a minimum $2000 instead of saying since we have nothing booked for upstairs I will let you have that.  I had already invited 12 women to this dinner and had to change everything at the last minute due to the owners greed.  I will never eat at this restaurant and would warn others that he is not someone  who has a good moral ethic.
5	Well, it seems as though people love it or they hate it, but when you read why people don't like it, well, I'd hazard that the reviewers that score low have themselves some issues. "Paul C" is just pissed off and with his rude question about the bathrooms being off limits, well, let's just say I don't plan on inviting him to my house."Ron C" is mad because they don't offer a plethora of desserts? Come on."L.C.", food was mediocre? Hum, not sure where you ate, or maybe your taste buds have been burnt off?The food was hands done excellent. The atmosphere is very lively, and you would think that by sitting at common tables you may not get a sense of privacy, but far from it. It's all in the body language and during the course of our evening there I did not feel at all like I was sitting with others at the same table. So Kudos to "Salt of the Earth" for that aspect. Excellent concept and well executed.The wait staff, while super busy was attentive at just the right level. She was there when we needed and yet not the in your face of the typical american style restaurant. I appreciate not having to become best friends with the waiter/waitress with "Hi my name is Candy tonight and I'll be taking care of you". For drinks i tried the vodka cocktail and the gin cocktail - very nice. For appetizers we started with the octopus, beets and scallops. All quote tasy and the scallops were probably my favorite and done just right, which are so simple to "f" up. The octopus as well, usually I'm weary of octopus or squid as quite quickly it can become rubbery, but not so, and pairing the octopus with the chiorzo- fabulous idea.For dinner we had the sturgeon, pork loin, duck and tilefish. All very tasty and varied, I think I liked the pork loin the best of the bunch, but that is just personal preference.When we arrived, we too were told a wait of up to 2 hours, but we took a cocktail table, had drinks and were at our table by 7pm. I was also amazed at the timing. We ordered our main courses after finishing our appetizers and I was thinking that it could be a while before getting them, but in short order they arrived. Congratulations to the chef on being able to cook in a timely fashion!I'll definitely be going back next time I'm in Pittsburgh.p.s. I've eaten in fine restaurantes around the world : DC, NYC, San Francisco, Vienna, Berlin, Paris, and even Detroit. Salt of the Earth definitely ranks up there.
4	I came here with some colleagues on a Monday around 6 PM and there was plenty of seating.  The seating consists of long benches in the room, where you sit next to strangers. You can also sit on stools facing the kitchen, and watch and smell the food be made.  Hmmm... I wonder why they don't have a sneeze guard for these patrons.  It might be a requirement of have lots of tattoos to work here.  The menu is written on a large chalkboard.  Depending on where you sit, you might have to crank your neck or squint your eyes to read the chalkboard.  I tried leaning in my chair and straining my neck as much as possible, but ended up walking over to closer to the center of the room to get a better view.  We shared three of the starters: octopus ($11), scallops ($13), and beet tartare ($10).  The octopus was mixed with chorizo (pork sausages), potatoes, almonds, and green peppers sitting on some sweet sauce.  The scallops were wrapped in watercress and lemongrass, and sprinkled with quinoa.  The best of the three was the beet tartare, twisted in Japanese miso, and marrow with a hint of  bourbon. Pepitas (pumpkin seeds) accompanied this tasty appetizer.  The chefs layout the food artistically as you can see from the pictures.  Entries are between about $15 - $25.  There were vegetarian versions of the hanger steak and lamb loin.  Tofu, perhaps?  I went with the duck breast ($19): pink slices of medium rare duck sitting in banana puree and banana bread crumbled on top.  The pear salad was highlighted by pistachio.  The dish was sweet.  My colleague who had the striped bass also said this was very good.  It sat in pine needle dash with long beans, cucumber slices, and snow peas.  Pretty much everyone (6 people total) enjoyed his/her meals, except for one of my colleagues who had the lamb loin, though he may have been in a bad mood.  We had chocolate ($8) for dessert.  Small squares of dark chocolate, with a small scoop of coconut sorbet underneath a puff of cream, surrounded in chocolate powder, drizzled with sweetgojiberry sauce.  A few hazelnuts accompany the plate.  Overall, we enjoyed our meal and experience here, though the meal was certainly on the pricier side, especially for those that had wine.  It's recommended.  Check out my photos.
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary. We sat in the upstairs section, and it was terrific, however- next time, I'd enjoy being in the common area- it was a riot down there. Go early in the evening because as they run out of a particular item they cross it off the board or replace it with a similar (but not the same) item. My husband and I shared three appetizers, two entrees, coffee and two desserts. I had a very generous glass of wine, and he had two mixed drinks. Our total came to less than what we pay for an average night of sushi at Chaya (which we like as well, but that's for a different post). Our waiter was absolutely incredible. He could not have been more informed, kinder, more friendly (but without being annoying) or any more helpful. He was absolutely fantastic. I told my husband I wish I could keep him in my pocket and bring him to all our dining experiences. If you have the chance to try BACON POWDER then do it. It is an experience!! This place is consistent. We didn't have a good entree and a amazing entree or a fair entree, everything was delicious, everything was hot and timed perfectly, everything was superb. I would definitely recommend it, and we will be going back and bringing friends.
5	Awesome!! Not your typical Pittsburgh restaurant.  This new American cuisine has options for the vegetarian and meat lover alike.   As the menu changes frequently, we experienced the new years menu, which was slightly pared down,  but still had many options.  Each dish has many complex flavors mixed together that's sure to give your mouth something new to experience.  Our waiter impressed us with his passion for the food he served and his accurate descriptions of  how the ingredients played together.  You will also notice the overtones of the chef's experience in molecular gastronomy, which we found, for example,  in the orange foam on our fabulous chocolate dessert with hazelnuts, coconut sorbet and goji berry sauce.   This is just what Pittsburgh needs to complement it's rich ethnic fare, which we are known so well for.
4	Salt was a smash success! All of our meals were fresh, creative and excellent. We had our smart phones out so we were able to look at the menu. Since we know they don't serve tea or decaf and refuse to serve bread or crackers with their ...cheese course, we came prepared. We brought our own stash of steak sauce, tea bags and crackers. Not only did the staff not throw us out, they gathered around us and praised our rebellion and initiative. They said we were the first diners to ever bring our own stash and a waiter high fived me! I'd go back in a heart beat, but I'll definitely remember to bring my own crackers!
3	Last night marked my third visit to SOTE. The men making the food are diRRty hot, the cocktails and food are delish, the portions were sizable, and I like rubbing elbows with strangers at the communal tables. The presentation is too fussy (note to the owners: if I am paying for dinner, I reserve the right to make some changes with my meal) and some of the waitstaff is BEYOND pretentious (um, dude, the "I wear black and listen to the Cure" demeanor was cool in 1986). I only go to SOTE when someone else is picking up the tab. Otherwise, I prefer some place a little less fussy and DTE.
4	Been here about a half dozen times since they opened since it's on my way home from work and it's always been reliably good. My husband and I usually stick to the starter plates, as the preparations and choices of protein are usually more interesting than the entrees. About three plates between the two of us makes a good (and surprisingly inexpensive) dinner.Nice cocktails and a decent wine list. Could use a couple more beers.Only two complaints:a) Their meat dishes can be a little limp and characterless. So I usually stick w/ offal, fish & tartare dishes, which consistently have better texture and flavor.b) The cheese plate is an joke. Normally I wouldn't even mention it since I expect a crappy cheese plate at most pgh restaurants, but given the attention to detail paid everywhere else, this feels a little incongruous. I'd either up the cheese game or ditch it altogether. Right now I just feel embarrassed for them on that front.Some stand-out dishes:- hangar steak tartare- venison tartare w/ doug fir & white chocolate- fried sweetbreads w/ grits (basically the best diner food)- snails & chicken skinService is ok but can be a little ditzy.
5	I was really torn on whether to give Salt a 4 or 5 star rating. For last night's dinner, I would probably knock it down to 4 stars, based on the service. However, I've been here many times without reviewing it when the service was great (the food is *always* outstanding), so I'll bump it up to five on the average. Last night, a large group of us from work decided to come to Salt to celebrate a colleague's birthday. That worked out pretty well, with a few minor service  hiccups, which I'll describe in my review of the service, below. Because we were such a large group, we ended up getting a lot of the menu items. I had the chestnut soup and the hanger steak. The soup was absolute perfection. I always hesitate about ordering a nut soup - they are so great in the winter, but so many places end up just sending out a dish of what seems like nut-scented cream (yuck). However, I decided to put my faith in Sousa et al., and I am so glad that I did. The soup had the aroma of buttered nuts you get from a chestnut cart, but intensified. The puree was absolutely smooth, and the pumpernickel croutons (which were pleasingly varied in size) offset the buttery sweetness of the soup with just a tiny bit of bitterness and the right amount of crunch. The soup was also garnished with a bit of argan oil on the top. I am ashamed to admit that I had never heard about this amazing oil before last night. It has a dry, nutty character to it that was in perfect harmony with the sweeter chestnuts. Wow.The hanger steak dish was also beautifully done. It had a Asian-influenced preparation, with ramen noodles and peanuts in a modified dashi. The bourbon in the dashi gave it a bit of sweetness, and the tiny bits of chili slices nicely balanced that sweetness with their spicy acidity. I might have liked a bit more chili, but that's just because I am a chili freak - I think the spice level was probably perfect for 95% of its potential customers.  I also enjoyed my husband's venison tartare. I like venison when it is well prepared, but find that it can come out gamy all too often. For this dish, it wasn't cooked at all, so I was eager to give it a try. What a revelation. The tartare was blended with a variety of other ingredients - the menu said that they included blood orange, white chocolate, and Douglas fir. The bite of the blood orange was obvious, as was the pleasing foresty-feel of the fir/juniper scent profile. Both of those elements kept the richness of the raw venison nicely controlled. One of my neighbors at the table had the beets for a starter. I didn't try his dish, but I have had it many times in the past. I *love* beets, and I am also a little biased in favor of dishes that use root vegetables at the appropriate time of the year. This dish also has a light mustard with some truffle flavors, and a poached egg in the middle, which can be smooshed up to have all of its runny goodness mixed with the beets, mustard, etc. Definitely high-class winter comfort food! My only issue with this dish is the frisee. Given the strong flavors of the beets, I find the bitterness and roughness of the frisee a tiny bit jarring. After thinking about this for quite a while, do I have an alternate suggestion, though? Nope, so maybe it is the best possible fit for a bit of lightness in a heavy dish. For dessert, I had the white chocolate. Little white chocolate rounds (like bonbons) dotted the plate, each garnished with a *tiny* duo of fenugreek leaves. I never would have thought to pair white chocolate and fenugreek, which just shows my own ignorance. The buttery white chocolate plus the fenugreek gave the dish a sort of Middle Eastern character, which was reinforced by the lavender and honey crunchy bits, and by the goat cheese ice cream. All of these together made for a nice blend of savory and sweet. As for the service, well, that was okay. I know that we were a difficult table - there were a lot of us, we were loud, and we were a shifting group in number, which is a crazy challenge for a server. However, even aside from any slowness, which is totally understandable, there were some inconsistencies. Different people received different utensils for the same dish (I didn't get a spoon for my dashi, for example, while others did), and some of the orders were a bit mixed up (one of our group ordered the cheese, rather than the chocolate, for dessert, but the cheese never arrived). We also had issues with variable policies on the seating. We knew that it was chancy that we could all sit at the same table, and figured que sera sera. However, a pair of diners next to us at the same table were allowed to save a third seat for a person who was "coming," despite the fact that we had a group member there right then who could use it. I'm fine with the no reservations policy, but I just wish they could be a bit more consistent. All in all, though, these are minor gripes for another great dinner.
4	First off, I really really really want to give this place 5 stars... if for no other reason how *closely* it came to living up to the hype for me.  In the end, there are just a few subtle flaws that keep me around a 4.5.The space definitely deserves a 5.  We had a reserved table on the 2nd floor, but I really appreciate the openness of the space and how the kitchen is completely visible.Food gets a 4.25.  My partner and I started out with a chestnut/creme fraiche/pumpernickel crouton soup that was delightfully nutty, well balanced and not too heavy subbing creme fraiche for heavy cream.  We also had a beet salad with truffle mustard, poached egg and frisee that was a perfect 5.Our main courses consisted of Skate (me) and my partner went with a vegetarian eggplant option.  The skate was completely new in terms of concept for me.  The skate itself was breaded and lightly fried, over potatoes and tartar sauce... but the real kicker was the seaweed and horseradish that made it feel like deconstructed sushi meets fish and chips.  I would have given the dish a 5 until I got home and saw that Skate is on the "avoid" list under seafood watch.  My partner's eggplant dish was vegetarian with fried eggplant, braised soy protein and an awesome tahini puree.UDPATE:  I learned from Kevin Sousa that the Skate was, in fact, in season and caught using sustainable practices by a proveyor he trusts. Prices were definitely acceptable ($6-12 small plates, $12-30 entrees), portions are ample tending to large, wine list is solid with wine/cocktails/beer being a bit on the pricey side (Cocktails $10, wine $9-17/glass $30-80/bottle).Service was ok, the hosts were delightful and our server was amiable enough just not extremely willing to give suggestions or go into too much detail about any of the dishes.
5	My wife and I ate at Salt on a busy Saturday night in the lovely upstairs seating area. It really is worth calling ahead as the wait becomes quite long (1.5 hour plus). One unique feature is that they do not print their menu, but rather make you read it off the wall (or on a smartphone, since they update it online regularly). I didn't mind this, but I can imagine someone with poor eyesight finding it an annoyance. The decor and architecture of Salt are top-notch and really interesting. The style is modern and clean, but I still found myself looking around quite a bit, admiring the design. The service was fine, neither a pro or con. It was nothing particularly outstanding and somewhat casual, but friendly and helpful. We did not wait very long for our food, enough time to chat, but I wasn't looking around wondering where it was. I think they have hired more staff to fix some early timing issues. Finally, the food (the most important part) was tremendous. The flavors were varied and robust, a good mixture of textures and interesting combinations. We'll absolutely be going back, especially considering the restaurant is still rather young and will continue to find its stride as the months go by. Highly recommended!
3	This place is spot on with first (visual) impressions. Whoever did the design work deserves applause. The main dining area with communal seating is really a fun and clever way to use space, and it allows the (apparently natural) friendliness of people in Pittsburgh to shine.It's only almost everything else that needs some working out. The pork loin was nicely done and, of the four dishes tried, was most harmonious. I wanted to give that award to the chicken, which was great until I saw that the thicker end was raw in the middle. And not questionably raw. Raw raw. Translucent pink raw. I would have sent it back, but it wasn't my dish and my co-diner ate it all as we looked on in horror.The hangar steak tasted good, but the presentation was really unattractive. Given that SOTE is clearly going for an upscale but attainable American, this was a surprise.The arctic char was done beautifully, but the pomegranate sauce was overpowering. Similarly, the venison tartar (ordered by my raw-chicken-eating friend) was interesting but was easily washed out by the blood orange sauce.So, in the end, the best dish of the night was the beet salad, which rocked. (Price-wise, four of us had three appetizers, 4 entrees, 5 glasses of wine, and the cheese plate for less than $200, which seems absolutely reasonable. Plus, there are plenty of veg options if you're into that. And note that it does get crowded really quickly.)
5	As you know by now, reservations are for the more private/intimate tables upstairs.  That could be a great spot for a big date, but the community/shared seating downstairs is a lot of fun.  In addition to the bar seats in the back, perhaps the best seats in the house are at the counter, where you can watch the chefs do their thing.I loved the menu handwritten on the two-story chalkboard, although I did have to get up from my seat to read everything.  Seven cocktails were available for $10; each started with a base liquor but included plenty of other unusual ingredients.  Four $5 drafts were available (probably 12oz pours) from East End, Full Pint, Great Lakes, Mojo.Starters menu is not for the faint of heart: snails, venison tartare, beets, duck livers, sashimi, chestnut soup.  Those ranged from $8 to $12.  Mains were in the $18-23 range, but there were eggplant and tofu dishes available for $12-14.  I chose the pork tenderloin over arctic char, skate, chicken and hanger steak, and I was not disappointed.  Honestly the most tender pork I've ever eaten, it paired wonderfully with red cabbage and apple cider.That was honestly one of the best meals I've eaten in a long time, but it was topped by dessert.  The goat cheese ice cream was out of this world.  I know, it sounds weird, but it was delightful when eaten with some of the tart berry sauce on top.  It was served with some white chocolate mousse on a gray slate along with the best honey I've ever come across.I really hope this place does well.  It's not as expensive as it could be, and the menu is well-considered, fresh and seasonal.  I can't wait to come back.
5	What?!?!?! Pittsburgh!Astonished, rejuvenated, and falling in love. I grew up in Pittsburgh and moved to Los Angeles to return for a visit 6+ years later and find real cocktails, brilliant modernist cuisine, and fresh/local fare. Bravo! Salt-of-the-earth was deeply impressive, nationally competitive with similar but twice as expensive gems in New York, San Francisco, Portland, and Los Angeles, and clearly a totally new vision for food in the city. They know their shit, I didn't see many other rye based cocktails or bottles of Creme de Yvette on the shelves in other near by establishments, nor would I have expected to. I also didn't see soba served with steak, or foams, snails, smears, sous-vide..... Salt is definitely leading a charge for cuisine change. The building is also beautifully renovated and lit so that being in the space is comfortable and cheerful. It provides a sense of community with long tables and open space, but the sound in the room doesn't echo or inundate. It makes for a great relaxing and belly warming three hour event when you meet your favorite friends, take your time, start with cocktails and finish cheese. I wish all dinner was this visually inspiring, creatively prepared, and appetite fulfilling. Delicious. Delightful. If you're yet to go to the establishment or the city, I'd read this recent New York Times article: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/27/travel/27headsup-pittsburgh.html. Don't get confused with the production "Salt-of-the-Earth" which I must say is the historic gritty visual that I think Pittsburgh typically evokes: http://theater.nytimes.com/2010/09/23/theater/reviews/23orange.html. They didn't drop the Pittsburgh visual entirely though, I love the little gritty local additions that did make it into the restaurant, like the heavily tattooed kitchen team, the giant chalkboard menu, and the only-here offerings like Venison tartare.
5	Incredibly good restaurant. Was buzzing even on a rainy Tuesday night. Food was inventive without being pretentious, and extremely tasty. Service was impeccable and our server really knew his stuff when it came to the food. Ambience was great too. This will become a regular go-to spot for my wife and me.
4	I've had dinner here twice -- once at the bar area (as a walk-in, after a 20 minute wait) and once upstairs (when I actually got my act together and called a few days ahead to make a reservation).  Both times were satisfying experiences.The main reason to like Salt is for its inventive and sophisticated menu. Every dish I've tried has been from good to extremely good. On the most recent visit, I had the venison tartare as my appetizer; it was not at all gamey, and the blood orange wedges over a white chocolate(!) sauce were a refreshing contrast to the meat. My main course was an arctic char, nicely prepared with a hint of Southeast Asian influence.  Another thing to like about Salt is its creative mixologist(s). Last winter, they served an original concoction that, the bartender promised, "tastes like Christmas." And it does! This time, I tried an intriguing non-alcoholic drink made of grape fruit juice, sage, and pepper. It's nice that they try to come up with elegant alternatives for people who don't consume alcohol.There are a few quirks about Salt that might bother some diners. Most glaringly, they take a prescriptionist's view on dining. When in their establishment, you follow their rules. No bread. No decaf. No tea. You have a choice of two desserts, one of which always seems to be a cheese plate. Their dishes are "challenging" in the sense that you must be willing to go on a dining adventure. I recall nothing that resembled "comfort food" on their menu. It is not that kind of a restaurant.Overall, I consider Salt to be one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is fun; it is exciting. I don't frequent it perhaps as much as some other restaurants (because sometimes I just want to eat uncomplicated food without thinking about it too much), but I've not been disappointed when I do go.4.5 stars
4	A  place in Pittsburgh that serves dinner till 1 am? ....I die!!! Ever since i read the New york times article that talked about farm to table dining and highlighted the chef and owner of this restaurant i knew i had to check it out. Everything this chef touches seems to turn into gold ( he had something to do with the restaurant Yo Rita on the s side) .  Well last night i finally got to scratch that itch. First of all let me say that getting a reservation here during the weekend is not easy my Bf and I had attempted a while back but we were unsuccesful. So we tried a slow weekday (wednesday) and got a 9pm reservation( We prefer later dinners). The restaurant is easy to find and there is a parking lot behind it. The construction is very modern, very open with high ceilings, good lighting and an open kitchen( fully stocked with cute sous chefs). The lower level consists of community seating overlooking the kitchen- long tables and benches (reminds me of restaurants in Japan). They also have an upper level with individual tables. The hostess was very sweet and welcoming we had reserved a table upstairs. As we were escorted to our table we walked infront of the kitchen and the chef/owner said hi and smiled.... The hostess informed us that they didnt do a printed menu but the menu for the night was written on the  chalkboards on the wall. One downstairs as well as right behind our table. The menu is very simple, lots of options for vegetarians and Carnivores. All local ingredients and not fussy. They also had a great list of cocktails and local wine. For our appetizers we ordered the tofu lettuce wraps (can come with lamb) and the tomato miso chili. I got a glass of the Bethel park Pino gris and my Bf ordered some beer. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful she was very familiar with the menu and she even recommended some entrees. The appetizers were AMAZING!!!!! Lettuce wraps had soo much flavour every bite hid a surprise. I also loved the soup it had a little kick to it and wasnt too heavy. My bf and I almost fought over the last bite. For our entrees we went all vegetarian I got the Tofu dish with vegan dashi and udon and my Bf got the eggplant with  soy protein. The tofu was delicious again so many delicious vegetables, lots of flavour and just the right kick.  The eggplant reminded me of moussaka it had some unique flavours. I thought it could have been more spicy. It was a bit light not as filling as the tofu dish was but still mega delicious  - Making delicious vegetarian food is difficult and very few restaurants can do this but my taste buds were blown. we ended the night with the white chocolate custard with honey and blood orange. The white chocolate custard was delish but i wasnt a fan of the goat cheese ice cream...i think cheese on deserts is the most disgusting thing ever. That being said i still loved the desert i could have easily had a second plate. Speaking of plates the utensils at this place are really cool very futuristic. I loved it.  I knocked off one star because the eggplant didnt quite meet my expectations also having one more vegetarian entree option could have been greatly appreciated. The service here was amazing our waitress was great, filled our water glasses regularly  and very attentive.  Its also very casual...no need to whip out the tie and heels unless you want to.... jeans will do. Also to be mentioned they played some amazing music ( band of Horses, Lykke Li, Ray Lamontage)  This place is simply effortlessly cool. Our bill came to $68 (sans tip). I couldn't believe how reasonable it was considering how amazing the food and the experience was. I def will be going back i cant  begin to imagine how amazing those Lettuce wraps are after a night of drinking ( Guys remember they'r open till 1 am!) .....a drunk vegetarian's dream come true !!!
5	Best in Pittsburgh!Go, be sure to sit at the large family style tables, after a nice cocktail you'll want to know them.  Then order, go with 4-6 people so you can share and order everything.  The tuna app we had... ugh, I'm not even going to tell you about it, just go.  GO!
4	Its great to finally have a modern, fresh, "top chef" style restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Love to go out here, food is either very good or near perfect.  Venison tartare with white chocolate and douglas fir, alaskan char with sharp cheddar.  Looking forward to coming here fairly often!But... service could use some work.  There aren't enough servers given how nice a restaurant this is.  The kitchen works great but guests were left standing at the door several times and we went without a visit from a server for too long.
2	My husband and I have been here a total of three times. If this last time (which we invited very good friends of ours, and talked it up to be a great place) was our first, we would never go back!The design and architecture is absolutely a high five! The husband and wife design-build team made the space(s) comfortable and simple, paid great attention to detail with an overall feeling of awesomeness! Now back to why our last experience was just simply terrible. It is very difficult to enjoy oneself when he is exposed to a waitress with a complete attitude. No matter how successful your business is, the waitress does not need to introduce herself with a shitty/cocky attitude, act annoyed when asked a question from the menu and completely inconvenienced when asked to fill up our drinks (more money in their pockets for goodness sakes). This turned all of us off completely. From that point forward, it was difficult to enjoy the environment and/or food (that was okay). Even though we were embarrassed our friends had to experience this, we were thankful they were there conversing with us or we would have simply walked out.We will probably go back but not anytime soon. We definitely will not invite friends with us next time, nor feel when were out and about having conversations with others, to talk the place up with compliments. I hope the owners and staff keep their heads on straight and realize no matter how well or poorly they are doing, there ultimate goal is to satisfy the people that are willing to dine there. And to make that dining experience a great one (just like the architecture!!).
3	This is the kind of place I enjoyed, but don't really need to go back to.  The place is beautiful, clean lines, beautiful long wood and steel tables, impeccably designed bathroom, so much clean glass, circular black tiles, hardwood, steel beams, and a huge blackboard wall for the menu...  The food somehow left me wanting more, although it was quite nice, i had the tomato/miso/chile soup (YUM and spicy!) and then the tofu main dish (meeeh).  Unfortunately it didn't really leave me with the longing to return anytime soon.  fusion tends to make my taste buds a bit confused
5	Just when I thought the food scene in Pittsburgh was beginning to seem a bit blah, enter Salt of the Earth.  This well designed restaurant is visually appealing yet completely unpretentious.  I really appreciated the clean lines and the playful mix between wood and steel elements.  I enjoyed the communal tables on the main floor but the seating area in front of the exposed kitchen is highly recommended.  It was there we got to meet talented chef Kevin Sousa and his highly efficient and eye candy team.  The food menu gets definite kudos for a very sophisticated and inventive menu.  Sousa's take on molecular gastronomy is both whimsical and technical at the same and it works well.  He created a form of bacon powder that actually tasted just like bacon.  Really clever, really tasty.  The tartare was delicately exquisite.  My short rib was a bit fatty but nonetheless delicious.  My companion's lamb loin was done to perfection and served on a lovely bed of celery root and pumpkin puree - very delish.  For dessert, I took the savory route and ordered sweetbreads on a lovely bed of grits.  Yes, you read correctly.  Yes, it was absolutely delectable.  They had a decent list of craft drinks available that were quite tasty and complimented our meals well.  The beer selection was adequate though I did truly enjoy my GLB Fitzgerald porter. Service was friendly and efficient.  Since we sat at the kitchen counter, we didn't have to wait at all.  Drinks were quickly replenished and our food was served timely.  I strongly recommend making reservation as it fills up very quickly.  Overall, Salt was an excellent dining experience and I'd come back in a heartbeat.
4	I wonder how much it would cost to get these guys as a personal chef?Dined at Salt of the Earth on Saturday evening without reservations and we waited for 2 drinks (maybe 45 minutes? 60? ehhh who knows). Communal seating makes finding out what is good for the evening that much easier since the menu changes daily.TIP: If you see something on the board you wan (food or drink), order it! Quantities are limited! We saw our entree get erased immediately after ordering ;-)mmmm When can I go back?
4	I went to Salt of the Earth a couple of months ago for my birthday and have been meaning to review it for awhile.  I had really been anticipating going there and wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed the concept of really good/great food in a casual environment.          I really liked the setup of the restaurant because of the many seating options. You have the option to sit at the "kitchen bar" watching the action, regular bar in the back, communal tables downstairs or you can sit upstairs with reservations. We sat at the communal tables and even though it looks like the chairs/stools you sit on might be uncomfortable, that wasn't the case at all. One complaint, and it's a minor one, is that the huge blackboard menu on the wall is hard to see depending on where you sit.  We were at one of the severe angles, but as the server explained, they encourage you to get up and look at it, as it adds to the communal feel of the downstairs. (This problem is solved if you have a smartphone & don't feel like getting up, as they post their daily menu on their website.)      Our server was very friendly, informative and I barely knew she was there, but in a good way. Very good unobtrusive service.      I started with a blood orange chili vodka cocktail.(I can't remember the name or all of the ingredients. Damn memory's going) This was my one other minor quibble of the whole night. It was very good, but it was VERY spicy and I love spicy stuff, but whew it had a little too much cayenne I believe. For dinnner, I had the venison tartare with white chocolate, blood orange & rye croutons (app), escargot with black garlic, cheese grits & crispy chicken skin (app), hanger steak with bourbon dashi, udon, chili, peanuts & kumquats and shared the "chocolate" dessert.     The food was spot on. I really enjoyed all of the food very much. The venison tartare was great. All of the ingredients wouldn't seem to go at all, but I usually go for the most interesting dishes when I go out. The lean venison, with the fatty white chocolate, acidic blood orange and crunchy croutons all complimented each other very well. My favorite dish, though, was the hanger steak. The meat was cooked beautifully and paired with the incredible bourbon dashii, earthy noodles, spicy chili, acidic kumquats and crunchy peanuts. Well, this dish rocked.       Overall, I had a great experience at Salt and will be back. This is more of a 4.5 stars, but I'm going 4, b/c of the too spicy cocktail. Can't wait until next time.
5	I've been to Salt of the Earth 3 times, most recently with my brother and his friend.  We sat in the common tables downstairs, but I've sat upstairs as well.  The large space and open-air environment are vibrant.  It's the kind of place that you'd be just as comfortable in a shirt & tie or jeans and a t-shirt.  People like to say that this the kind of place that you can find in "fancier" cities than Pittsburgh.  I've eaten in many fancy restaurants in much larger cities, and I can honest say that I have been never been any place as unique as Salt.Kevin Sousa has been serving outstanding food in Pittsburgh for years now.  His current restaurant is no different.  They unusual nature of the preparations and ingredients are highly unique, but are wonderfully harmonious in the execution of the dishes.  I recently started off with the Vodka cocktail made with local Boyd & Blair and Creme Yvette.  Yes it was girly, but it was delicious.  For appetizers, we had the cockscomb and escolar sashimi.  The cockscomb was combined with cheesy grits and collard greens that gave it a theme of Southern soul-food.  The pink escolar was beautiful in its presentation.  The slices were thick and the the flavors were outstanding.  It was a perfect appetizer to share (and not just because eating too much escolar isn't a good idea).  Sharing the appetizers is a great way to experience the vastly different variety and preparations that the kitchen produces.Our entrees were likewise outstanding.  I had the Bluenose bass, a fish and I can't say that I've ever had before.  The preparation with coconut and pomegranate was tart and flavorful.  It was unusual, but it really worked.  Chef Sousa is a master of unusual flavor combinations that challenge your imagination.  Likewise, I never would have thought bananas and duck go so well together, but they do beautifully in Salt's duck entree.  Compared to when the restaurant first opened, the dinner portions seemed noticeably larger.  The restaurant clearly acted on the early feedback from its diners.  I was perfectly sated at the conclusion of our dinner.  We didn't have dessert on this occasion, but it wouldn't have been necessary to leave full.Service was outstanding as always.  I keep hoping to see Kevin's old waiter Jim who literally is the best waiter ever (as anyone who went to any of the Alchemy dinners knows), but our sever was very friendly, knowledgeable, and all of our food arrived quickly.  The young woman sommelier who served our wine was also equally friendly and knowledgeable about the wine.I believe that any potential criticism of Salt of the Earth has to take into account the overall vision of the restaurant.  It does not offer a conventional sit-down restaurant experience (amuse-bouches, fresh baked bread, etc.).  What it does offer are incredibly unusual and high-quality ingredients at a VERY reasonable price.  Some say that the cocktails are too expensive at $10.  For the ingredients they put in them, I think they're a steal.  The "house" cocktail at Fleur de Lys is $24.  Salt of the Earth is a modern bistro for the 21st century.  It is especially appealing to the new generation of foodies & gourmands that are huge fans of shows like Top Chef (of which I count myself one).  I remember one of Kevin's blog entries, before the restaurant opened, said he didn't want to create a "destination" restaurant.  Personally, I would love to see Kevin's version of a "destination" restaurant like Moto or Alinea in Chicago.  Heck, I'd be want to be one of the first people to invest that that venture.  Amazingly, by not setting out to make Salt of the Earth a "destination" location, Kevin Sousa created a place with such outstanding food, service, and atmosphere that Salt has itself become one of the top dining destinations in our region.
5	This was my second visit, the first was shortly after the restaurant opened.  I have been impressed on both occasions.Attentive, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic (if a little quirky, in a good way) staff.Interior design that seems to combine "industrial" and "rustic" to make for a feel that is at once crowded, intimate, and down-to-basics. Overall, great atmosphere and set-up -- the kitchen is set up behind one of the bars.Great thought and attention to detail in the food.  Dishes come with many flavors on the plate.This is the kind of place where you find a dish on a menu containing an ingredient you think you dislike (or don't know), and get it.Pricing is very reasonable -- apps $9-12; entrees $19-24.I enjoyed this restaurant the first time around, but the portions seem to have definitely increased in size, without any offset in quality and level of ingredients.  Overall, a great restaurant that achieves characteristics absent in all the other great, recently-opened restaurants throughout the east end.  This one stands out.
5	I always bring out of towners to Salt of the Earth (to prove that Pittsburgh does have good food) and have never disappointed them or myself with each meal. Salt of the Earth offers fine dining but without the frills. There is upstairs dining for more intimate setting though I have always sat at the common tables downstairs and prefer to do so (since I can read the menu more easily :)). I do hope I get the opportunity to sit at the bar and see the cooks work their magic. Really cool to see how everything is transparent in the kitchen. One of the other things I love about Salt of the Earth is how it focuses on local food and caters the menu depending on what is available seasonally. The appetizers, entrees and drinks (try the french press coffee too!) have been spectacular though wish they offered other dessert options since I am just not a big chocolate person and do not want cheese. While modern dining, prices are more than reasonable. Because it is so insanely good I would suggest going not at peak hours otherwise you'll be waiting for awhile in a not so happening area. You're going to be hooked.
5	Hands down the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh, and one of the top 5 overall.  I spent the last 4 years in San Francisco, so it's quite a compliment to Salt of the Earth.  And the cocktails...amazingly crafted and absolutely delicious.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Oh. My God. Drop every single thing you're doing right now and go to Salt of the Earth. Go ahead, I'll wait. Go eat there, then come back and give this review a big ol' "Useful" (I also accept gifts) for leading you to the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. The surroundings are modern and warm, and the waitstaff is friendly, professional and knowledgable. The food is conscientious, complex, delicious, quality, and surprisingly reasonably priced. When I went, none of the entrees were more than $25, and the portions are perfect.  I was really afraid this was going to be a fancy $40, 2oz fillet with celery foam pretentious place, and it was the total opposite. The menu is written on a giant chalk board, and you can also download it to your phone if you want to read it in hand. There's a set of specialty cocktails, wines by the glass and bottle and beer for libations. The appetizers are big enough to share, and are all around $10. Get the cockscombs. Yep, that weird thing on the top of a chicken's head. Get it. Eat it. Love it. Get dessert too. Goat cheese ice cream with raw honey, crushed pistachios, and lavendar-infused white chocolate-- how you gonna say no?? Finally, they have the chemical symbol for salt on their exterior. Nerds rejoice!
2	I've been waiting to experience Salt for a long time and finally got in this evening for a bite with my lady.  I must say that both of us left scratching our heads.  All that hype and yet we left fairly unimpressed!Pros:  Great ambiance, solid startersCons: Expensive cocktails (heavy on the ice, light on booze), mediocre wine selection, too few entree selections.We had the snails for a starter (tasty, albeit a little salty).  She had the chicken, I had the pork baguette.  All in all I felt that the dishes were poorly executed (chicken was barely cooked and the baguette could have been crispier).  Both were missing something.Recommendation: Stick to appetizers and drinks.  Will I go back?  I'm sure I'll give it a second chance.
5	This is best restaurant in the East End. You cannot order your normal drink, and you cannot tell the chef how rare or well done you'd like your steak to be. But if you are willing to relinquish this control over your food the chef, it will be the restaurant you love most in Pittsburgh.  The food is very creative, is updated regularly, and executed very well. The chef prepares some foods that you will not find in Pittsburgh. Cockscombs. Snails with fried chicken skin and grits. The often-reviewed white chocolate with lavender and pistachio ice cream. And he prepares some familiar foods with a creativity on par with very good national and international restaurants. Right now, for example, the pork dish is a baguette stuffed with pork, foie gras, and a delightful mix of vegetables. I strongly recommend the tartare. The drink list is short, but usually has a number of excellent local and national beers and one cocktail per type of alcohol of their own creation. Wines are sometimes good, but are extremely variable. The only difficulty is getting a reservation. There are only few tables that are set aside for reservations; most of the dining is walk-in only. If you dine on the early side, this means waiting a few minutes. If you stop by on the first Friday of the month at 8pm, this can mean waiting an hour or more.  Plan on spending about $50 per person, including drinks for an appetizer, entree, and a split dessert. You should be able to order a meal until at least 12am.
4	Very swank place, I love the communal tables, it makes the place non pretentious and chill. It would be nicer if the people that sat with you were friendly - ours weren't. We see you staring at our food, and we're looking at yours too - might as well be friendly right? I love small plates as it allows you to try a bunch of stuff versus just eating 1-2 things. Their food is contemporary and I love the flavor combos. It freaks you out at first but once you bite down it's sensory overload. The main courses were solid and perfectly portioned. They had a great wine list and the cocktails were awesome!My only complaint? That chalkboard gets hard to read, so it would be nice if they could provide the table with some sort of menu. I have eyes like a hawk - thanks Lasik! - but I still had trouble reading some of the things on the far end of the board due to the low lighting and the chalk dust on the board. Definitely will come back when I'm in town.
3	Very rarely in life does something live up to the hype and I felt that way about Salt of the Earth.  I feel like it's just trying too hard to cater to the foody hipster crowd, and forgets that these are the people that will quickly abandon it as soon as the next great thing comes out.  The strict cocktail menu is a little over the top. I found only having a few drinks to order from and having them all be original creations didn't make sense.  They are expensive drinks, and most likely I've never tasted them before, and yet I have no choice to order one of them (or one of the 2-3 beers on tap). The food was solid, but not spectacular.  They list the menu on a chalkboard, but it's not descriptive at all.  In fact they just list what is on the plate.  So I really don't know if an ingredient is in my main dish, in my side dish, or is my side dish altogether.   You can ask your waitstaff, but this can get a little annoying after one or two dishes.  I was most upset about an added ingredient in my dish that wasn't listed.  To put curry in a dish, but yet not list it as one of the ingredients on the menu I found to be totally unacceptable and my waitress did not warn me about it either.  Basically, I was underwhelmed altogether and found it to be pretentious for the sake of being pretentious.
5	There's a good reason why Salt of the Earth won "Best New Restaurant" in Pittsburgh Magazine.  And why it's packed with patrons.  It's simply the best Pittsburgh has to offer and it delivers a great meal for a very reasonable price.  The wine list is excellent.  Every dish is extremely creative and carefully prepared.  The kitchen is open for viewing and the seating downstairs is communal tables.  While you may not agree with the way they do things at Salt, they certainly do it well.  I highly recommend this place.
3	Like many others I was very excited to try out Salt of the Earth and it was definitely hyped up to me as the "next big thing".  We called a few days ahead for reservations, and were taken up to the upper portion of the restaurant and sat in a more traditional dining setting in lieu of the downstairs area, which as others mentioned is a communal dining experience.  The place was clean and trendy with a very unique look.  We were seated by the server and our table was right next to the "menu" that was on the wall.  This seemed convenient at the time, but it was some what difficult to read, and wasn't very descriptive of what to expect.  WWhile waiting for our food several more dining parties were escorted to the top floor for their meals, and upon being seated the waiters sent them directly to our table to review the menu.  I can understand the purpose of creating a more social dining experience, but having people visit your table every 5-10 minutes can be a little bit of a nuisance.  Especially when they are asking all the same questions about the menu over and over again because they can't read it.The appetizers were hugely disappointing (if I recall we had the sashimi and something with veal).  Both of them were very disappointing, especially the veal.  It was a little frustrating since these items were recommended to us by the waitress.Finally our main courses came and I can honestly say that they were excellent, but it was hard to say truly enjoyed it that much because of how disappointed I was with everything that came before the main course.
4	The trip here was LONG overdue!  I felt like it was one of the restaurants in the city that I was embarrassed I hadn't been to yet.  Well, embarrassment no more, I made it it!I actually almost passed it up, as it's at the very edge of Bloomfield and the very beginning of East Liberty.  It's incredibly unassuming with the name only shown on a tiny part of the window in the corner.  Almost like they were trying to say, "are you curious about what we're doing in here?  Why don't you stop in!"The atmosphere is incredibly unique.  The downstairs portion is all communal style dining with long dining tables and chairs set up like a kings feast.  The kitchen is out in the open, like it's your own kitchen, except you have expert cooks living in your house (wouldn't that be nice?!).  I love the loft type feel of the second floor dining area that looks out onto the first floor.  Again, I felt like this was designed after someones super hip loft apartment.  I'd live here and get fed all day...no complaints!  The hostess told me that the upstairs seating is for reservations and the downstairs is for walk ins.  I like that set up because more than likely you'll always be able to snag a seat.Every ounce of this place just screams unique.  The menu is on a chalkboard on the wall...so thank gawd we were close...because I'm totally blind!  The drinks are set up by what type of liquor you'd like.  Simple idea, but very cool presentation.  Since it was approximately 120 degrees outside I opted for the refreshing sounding Punch, which had DonQ, Anejo, Benedictine, falernum, pineapple,  and angostura in it.  First sip I was taken aback because it was definitely a kick in the booty.  The next couple sips settled in nicely for a pretty delectable drink.We decided to go adventurous and order the Cockscombs app.  It was  described as the fried part of the Roosters little red hat type thingamajigger (technical term, I know).  At first thought it sounds incredibly weird...but we eat the chickens wing and leg....so why not little red part.  Total southern comfort food, with grits and greens.  It was tasty but incredibly fatty too, so it wasn't a fan fav among my table mates.  The other app, the Sashimi, was incredibly fresh with prickly pear and wasabi coating the outside.  That was the winner hands down.For the main dish I choose the Tomato-braised Eggplant with soy protein and tahini.  The Eggplant were in little cubes of light and crispy joy!  I just wish there were more because I enjoyed it so much!  The soy protein and tahini mixed well together for a perfect side.  The biggest observation I can make about this place is that the chef and owner put a lot of thought into the concept of this place.  With careful consideration you can tell the specific ingredients are put together to make a spectacular dish.  And for that, I admire them.  It's refreshing to have a place that's so inventive that it will just keep you coming back for more unique tastings.  I for one, will get my eat on here again very soon!
3	Went here again last week and I didn't enjoy myself as much as the first time around.  There were definitely highlights of the meal, the sashimi and my vodka drink (rhubarb and some other stuff) but my main entree - the cod, left something to be desired.  It was citrusy so flavorful, but the fish wasn't cooked properly - fish is supposed to be flaky and not dry but parts of my fish were rubbery (aka uncooked) so while I totally won't kick Salt out on to the curb, I was less than satisfied with the experience especially for what you are paying!
5	Amazing food, crap cocktails, great atmosphere.Normally, the phrase 'crap cocktails' is a death sentence in my Yelp reviews.  The food was so good I don't even care.  I'll just order a beer next time.We sat at the bar facing the kitchen.  I love an open kitchen.  Forces you to work clean and be tight as a kitchen unit.Service was exactly as good as it should have been for a restaurant of this caliber.The beef tartare was a revelation.  I've had my fair share of tartare but this has become my favorite by an order of magnitude.  Perfect texture, perfect amount of egg.The boyfriend had a gi-normous piece of salmon with delightful snap peas.  I had the hangar steak with garlic asparagus.  Both were perfect in every way.When I took my first bite of steak it appeared to be a little over seasoned!  QUE HORRIBLE!  Once I added the mango salsa/relish to the next bite I understood!How exciting!  The seasoning was balanced perfectly.  Just right. The building is so non-descript I couldn't believe that it housed what has promptly stolen my heart and warmed me up to Pittsburgh.Places like this in SF usually require a three month reservation window, is in a  neighborhood with no MUNI service and has mediocre service at best.  So excited to go back.
2	Best new restaurant in town?  Not if you ask me.  As my 2 stars would indicate, I've experienced better.  Visiting Pittsburgh for the weekend, we decided to have dinner at Salt of the Earth with a group of friends who live in the area and told us about this restaurant, deemed by Pittsburgh Magazine as having the chef of the year.  Unable to get a reservation, we decided to take a chance at getting a table at 8pm on a Saturday.  Upon arrival, we discovered the place was kind of quiet and had plenty of room for us at the first communal table, close to the large slate wall which serves as the menu... the ONLY menu.  Having to look over the menu was a bit awkward, as you have to get up and walk to where you can see it, which could have you invading some stranger's personal space.  My husband and I both ordered the Gin Cocktail, which had an interesting combination of slightly bitter & sweet.  The starters, his was the Sashimi of Escolar and mine was the Scallops, were both flavorful & presented artfully.  This is where it goes downhill... the main course.  I ordered the Maine Cod, listed with panzanella, chorizo, saffron and rapini.  Sounded like a nice Italian inspired dish to me, and although not the most flavorful of white fish, I figured this chef of the year could really wow me.  Upon the first bite I have to admit my tastebuds were confused, perhaps overwhelmed by the flavor combinations that just didn't work.  An unexpected and dominant flavor was a very fishy taste, which I assumed was the cod.  After a few more bites and it still not tasting right, I tried my husband's Cod.  His fish was cooked perfectly, while mine had a milkiness to it and as I cut into it even more, I noticed that it was raw.  He also informed me that in the mix of panzanella there were anchovies (the fishy taste) which I hate and were NOT listed on the menu.  No chorizo, but there were kalamata olives, also not listed.  After only a few more bites, I was done.  We questioned our waitress, Casey, about the dish... where was the chorizo?  her reply- well, the fish is poached in a chorizo broth.  why aren't the anchovies & olives listed?   we only list the highlights.   why is the fish raw?  each fish comes out differently.  What?? Anchovies and olives should have been listed as highlights, as they are very strong flavors.  If known, I would have not ordered this dish.  Raw fish was not something expected, as on the menu board it did not have a star listed next to it (indicating raw or undercooked).  Casey, perhaps a little annoyingly, told me "I can have them make you another cod, but it's going to come out the same way".  Hmmmm, what do you think?  Sure, I'll take another one, undercooked the same way... oh, and with extra anchovies please!Trying to salvage the meal, we did order dessert.  The White Chocolate Lavender with Blood Orange ice cream.  It was good, but not mind-blowing.  Upon getting the check, we noticed the uneaten fish still remained on it and asked her to take it off, which she did.  This whole situation was a bit uncomfortable, as I rarely complain due to the fact that I've worked in this industry for 20 years.  The most upsetting part was the attitude of our waitress.  Instead of just fixing the situation immediately (which would happen naturally in a restaurant of high standing), there were just constant excuses and explanations that wouldn't be necessary if there was a more thorough menu.As a whole, this restaurant has a way to go before it attains a stellar status.  Hostesses were pleasant, seating and ambiance were ok, the menu is a bad idea, some flavor combinations are just trying too hard to be trendy, waitstaff and food runners need to be more informed- we had a guy describe our starters after he asked if this had already been done and the food runner made an attempt at the entrees, using the words "saffron orange bubbles".  Either she thought we wouldnt know what foam was, or she didn't know!   They definitely need to work on consistency in their food and their service, that's what keeps people coming back.
3	I was loving Salt for a good long while, my visits peaking at twice per week at which point I began to plot how I was going to maintain my budget enough to get my regular late night drink and dinner fixes. My spending worries have been abated by a stagnant menu. I am vegetarian, so admittedly, I narrow my own choices. However, for a restaurant with such a small menu and apparent commitment to fresh ingredients, I expected the selections to be updated more often. Alas, the same seitan and eggplant entrees have endured winter, spring and summer. There are so many great veggies in season now, why would I want seitan (actually, I never want seitan) and eggplant?! To make matters worse, the seitan is currently served on baguette - wheat on wheat. I have plenty of wheat in my diet, thank you. Mostly a vegan, I got so bored with the menu once that I ordered the cheese plate to share with a friend. Just two days prior, I had seen a cheese plate served with fresh figs and other fresh fruits, so I was really looking forward to those. Our cheese plate only had dried apricots, blah. And only then would I beg for some wheat, but they do not serve bread or crackers with their cheeses. Maybe that has something to do with the cheese as dessert philosophy? On the topic of dessert, the white chocolate with lavender has been up forever, it seems! Maybe it is really good? I go home and eat real chocolate. As for the decor n'at, I'm indifferent. It sorta says to me, welcome to IKEA: Garfield restaurant edition.Now instead of visiting twice a week, I am checking the menu online as much, looking for an excuse to get back in the habit. Pretty soon here, I am going to stop checking and start biting my nails instead, or something. All of that earns Salt two stars. The extra star is for the excellent wait staff and amazing drinks. Well, they deserve more stars than that. Back 'em up Kevin!
4	our flight got canceled which gave us one more night in pittsburgh, a chance to catch the pirates and eat here.a thoroughly enjoyable experience. i'm a vegetarian and delighted in the eggplant and seitan--a very surprising dish and not what i expected at all, in a good way. my wife had chicken with popcorn sauce. we had an excellent riff on a jello mold with berries for dessert. we sat at the bar and had a nice chat with one of the chefs who explained how most of the food is cooked sud vide to make it moist and then grilled or broiled to sear it. a nice combination.a few quibbles. the plating wasnt pretty. some of the berries still had their stems on. and the cocktails were below average.if we find ourselves in pittsburgh again, we're going back.
5	A foodies dream!  Had to explain almost everything on the menu to the friends I was with because there were so many out-of-the ordinary ingredients and/or cooking methods used in the dishes.  I began with their gazpacho with peekytoe crab, it was heavenly.  Ordered the trout as my main--cooked perfectly on a bed of buckwheat, with miso sauce and smoked avocado puree.  Presented to the table beautifully!  Fish melted in my mouth!  Ordered their version of the strawberry-cream cheeze- pretzel dessert, OMG--awesome!  Everybody at the table ordered something different, all pleased!  Menu changes daily depending upon what is fresh that day--I will be back!
4	I've been looking forward to this place for a while.  I have mixed feelings, but overall it was a good meal.  Overall I'd say 3.5 stars.  We had a few drinks, a few apps, and a few entrees.  The "punch" drink wasn't great, but the bourbon whatever was on point.  We tried lettuce wraps(awesome) risotto(4*, didn't love the cantaloupe "dressing") flat iron steak(5*) & chicken(5*).Pros:Good food.  The chimichurri sauce for the flatiron steak was amazing.  The chicken almost had to be sous vide; most tender chicken I've had to date.I actually appreciate the fact that you can't choose a temperature for your meat.  Frankly, I don't care if you like your steak well done.  You are incorrect, good sir or madam, and you should go to a crap diner if you enjoy inferior cooking techniques.Cons:Stupid chalkboard menus upstairs.  Looks, I'm all about sustainability, but if you're going to do a chalkboard menu, make it visible.  I could only read 1/2 the menu because people were sitting in front of it, so I had to ask about everything, and/or walk over to the other menu.  Print a damned menu; paper costs next to nothing, and you can recycle it and get paid.  A bit pretentious: I don't care for how the menu is written; the food is great, but I don't like how the item is highlighted; e.g. "Vodka:" "Rum:" "Squab:" etc.It's worth going.  Seriously though, I beg of you, don't sit upstairs.
4	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.   Very nice atmosphere - communal cafeteria/bench seating with an open view of the kitchen.  Very good cocktail and beer selection.  We ordered beets and butternut squash soup as our appetizers and both were very good. Our entrees were the pork loin and hanger streak entrees, again very good. We also had a delicious chocolate dessert. Everything we ordered was great and it was not as pricey as it could be for the high quality.
3	The sign of a great restaurant is creativity in how flavors are combined innovating how people think food should be served.  Another sign is consistency.The first visit to Salt of the Earth was terrific and honestly one of the top meals we have had in the Burgh.  We sat there for several hours trying each app , each cocktail, and then narrowed to a couple main courses.  It was a phenomenal experience.We went back a month later same day of the week and a similar time and every thing fell short.  The skate wing was disgusting and overly fishy.  Third time may be the charm but not everyone will give you that chance.  I recommend Salt with some hesitation but if you happen to have the experience of our first visit it is worth it.
5	N to the A to the C to the L. Well friggin well....well...well.  I've been working on that rhyme for about two years now.  It's about time I write a review on this place. Ever since I opened up on the street, this was my late night hangout.  I haven't gone as much lately because of my schedule. First off, the set up inside reminds me of those modern modular houses you see in Dwell magazine.The food is always refreshing.  Kevin and his team always has some way to add a twist to something or even pull something out of left field.  My wonderful girls at the bar are the most precious people ever.  In the beginning I've tried almost everything on the food AND drink menu. So I was always very drunk and very full when leaving that place. I haven't tried too much of the desserts, but they look good. The great thing is, strangers next to me don't mind that I stare at them while they eat.  Either they REALLY enjoy the food, or notice my crazy eye.  Everyone's a winner.I have nothing but good things to say about the place, but can't conjure up the words to express it.  I blame the Chartreuse...yea, the chartreuse. PPS. I'm clicking options below and there should be a selection for Alcohol after "Full Bar" that says "Damn Right".  Also...when did "Hipster" become an ambience? If they have that, they should have "Gangsta" and "Douchebag" as options too.  Because I can think of some restaurants that exude those qualities.
2	Meh...overrated. i'll stick with yo rita's for my chef sousa fix. food combinations are much  better in the smaller, bite-size taco portions.
5	One of the best restaurants in the US. The stuff I have envied Seattle for for years.You must eat at the chef's counter.Some cocktails are better than others (get one anyway) and the wine list could be a bit better, but these are mere trifles--go, and experience.
5	I've been to Salt twice, and both times have been fantastic. Expensive, but definitely worth it for some delicious food. Two of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh!
3	This review is conflicting. Salt enticing interior was the first thing to intrigue me. After that, the restaurant was kind of disappointing. Although they have farm to table quality, I found the conceptually driven menu to be kind of scary. I don't know this chef, do I trust him/her with choosing interesting pairings? How do I know that my one word dinner plate is going to be amazing? Well, you just don't. I found my experience to be hit or miss with food. We tried four plates and two apps with three cocktails. The winner of the event was a tiny little salad, where the cucumber melon dressing was a stand-out by far. My pineapple mojito was amazing, and my roommates drink was fantastic as well. It was all over the place with consistency. I found my seitan sandwich to be such a joke. Really, the roll they used tasted like it was purchased from Sam's Club...not a local bakery. Although, my sister's salmon was fantastic and extremely well cooked. Originator of Pittsburgh and currently located in Boston, I am absolutely immune to expensive dinner prices at this point, but I find the prices at Salt to be WAY to expensive for Pittsburgh. NYC priced dinner? No thank you most live-able city. Although problematic, I would come back, but possibly for cocktails and appetizers, not an entire meal. I think Salt just needs to get their feet on the ground and understand who they are feeding.
4	4-5 stars (for Pittsburgh!). This is one the best restaurants I have so far eaten in Pittsburgh. The food is excellent, and reasonably priced (but of course not cheap: reasonable for the quality), and the place is enjoyable. I like the idea of communal tables down there, although a noisy neighbour could spoil your dinner.So: my appetizer was the tartar, the best of the 3 tartars I have had this summer (including in one of the best restaurants in Montreal). Slightly spicy, thinly diced meat (not ground), which I liked. However, the best appetizer I tasted was the pumpkin (?) risotto - very flavorful. Entrees: my trout was excellent (and very large). I was surprised by the amount of cilantro, but it turns out to fit well the fish and the puree. I confess that on the menu the apetizers were more interesting than the entrees. I have been told it gets very busy, but there was plenty of room on the Monday I was there.Update 11/26. I ate again at Salt of Earth. My experience was quite similar to the one descrided above. Overall the food is excellent. The appetizers were again more interesting than the entrees. My snails were deliciously tender - the best I have ever had - and I have had many. My dinner partner had the risotto, which was again good. The entrees were satisfying, but not perfect. My pork was better than my partner's trout with udon, but it was lukewarm at best. Which is a pity, because the meat was tender and tasty, and the turnip puree was - well i did not know you could make something really worthwhile out of turnip. The trout udon was acceptable but not very flagrant. A bit disappointing.The coffee was barley drinkable - instant coffee perhaps? It was kind of funny to look at the press since there was no coffee at its bottom... They took it out of the check, which was appreciated.  Upshot: I took one star down.
5	Another visit to Salt of the Earth and I was not disappointed.  I got the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, which is a very yummy wine that goes well with many of the dishes here.  The Risotto/Miso/Octopus/Prosciutto/Cantalope appetizer was delicious.  The Octopus was cooked to perfection, not an easy thing to do.  The Miso adds a lot of flavor and texture.  Very rich and satisfying overall.  We were able to share this appetizer, and because of the intense flavors, there was enough to go around for 2 people.  I had the  Scallops/Chorizo/Saffron/Rapini/Anchovy/Kalamata and I loved the Spanish/Moroccan treatment of this dish.  There was a lot of spice and flavor to the food, but not too much heat.  Scallops cooked to perfection with a wonderful texture.  There were heirloom tomatoes grown in a Garfield Farm, which was a nice touch.  My friend had the Flank Steak/Garbanzo/Asparagus/Chimichurri and it was also very good. The Asparagus was cooked just right, the Chimichurri was excellent.  I can see why this dish is often on the menu at Salt.Here's the thing about Salt.  The food is meant to challenge you.  You can spend some time figuring out how they put everything together and what the chef was trying to accomplish.  Some might call this fussy, but I call it creative, intense, wonderful and satisfying.  There's always something to discuss and enjoy about the food.  If you are looking for simple elegance, then Salt may not be for you.  But if you enjoy complexity and creativity, you will probably want to return to Salt of the Earth again and again.I always recommend sitting at the common tables.  I heard the beautiful white wood was salvaged from local Riverview Park and I love the beauty of the wood and the craftmanship.  You are sitting quite close to the person across from you, and I think that promotes conversation.  The menu is on the wall, and it changes frequently and especially seasonally.  There used to be a good number of Stan the Wine Man's wines, but I am not sure what happened to them...hope to see them at Salt again soon.The kitchen is open and viewable, which creates some drama and completes the whole farm to table cycle.  It's local food prepared locally...and you see it prepared before your eyes.My vote for best restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	I have had my heart set on trying this place ever since I first moved here! Seriously, I had a bit of a nerdgasm as soon as I saw the NaCl sign on the side of the building. Even so, for the longest time I honestly thought it was a design firm until I heard enough buzz around town about it.Upon checking out the reviews from Yelp (but of course!), I not-so-subtly dropped about 50 hints to my boyfriend that I wanted to go here for my birthday dinner. Having only driven by it rather hastily, seeing their unique layout and style in person was a pleasant surprise. The downstairs area is for walk-in dining while the upstairs seems pretty exclusively for reservations (we dined upstairs). I adored the larger than life chalkboard menu that changes on a daily basis! Only downside to it is that I have to awkwardly stand over someone else's table so I can actually read it, but then again, I'm a little blind.As for the food, I started with the lettuce wraps, continued into the chicken, and polished it all off with the white chocolate. The lettuce wraps were amazing! As a (most-of-the-time) vegetarian, I've had my fair share of good soy protein and bad soy protein, and this was cooked perfectly. The combination of yogurt and lemon flavors balanced out the saltiness of the soy protein, which sat nicely atop a bed of fresh, crunchy lettuce. Loved it! The chicken (remember how I said most-of-the-time vegetarian?) - not bad. While I greatly appreciated their experimentation in flavors, the chicken itself was a bit... toothsome. It certainly could've benefited from a bit more tenderness and slow-cooking, though the watermelon, popcorn, and huitlacoche were delicious. It was certainly unique, not to mention incredibly rich in flavor. Lastly, I finished off with the white chocolate - a pleasant goat's milk ice cream surrounded by circles of white chocolate and drizzled in lavender honey and crunchy oats (?). Considering how much I love dessert, I was a bit surprised that I wasn't completely overtaken by it (it's not too hard to win over this one!).Overall, pleasant experience in a trendy dining environment. Service was great, so no bones to pick with that. Definitely worth a trip if you're interested in creative cooking/contemporary dining in Pittsburgh!
5	This is unequivocally my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The only thing I don't like about it is the reserved seating upstairs. I highly recommend sitting in the communal area instead. It's hard to talk about the food because it changes so much but I would describe it as local sourced american with some asian influences. My favorite thing ever went off the menu quickly. It was an interpretation of a bahn mi sandwich. Incredible. I also really liked the beet salad and the escalar sashimi. The cocktails are damn good as well. What a gem.
3	The vegetarian options finally changed!!! Maybe I won't have to start smoking after all. Still three stars though, because neither of the two new veggie options blew my mind and only one of our three cocktails really impressed...though I am still, right now, feeling the alcoholic effects. Presentation was great and nothing was quite wrong with anything and this is still one of my favorite restaurants, but they can do better and I know it. Also, it looks like they put a real chocolate dessert up; I didn't try it, but I was glad to see it.
4	It may not be for the faint of heart, but you'll find some of the best food in Pittsburgh here.
4	Very good restaurant for Pittsburgh.  The appetizers were great.  Be sure to get the Sashimi, it is great.  I had the squab, very good.  Others had the beef shortribs and trout.  Everyone was happy.  Nice restaurant for Pittsburgh.  Would have to make improvements if it was in a bigger city.  I will go back.
3	And here I am, continuing to not get the intense, passionate love for Salt.The big love for this place actually infringes on my desires, since I find myself somehow going on a regular basis to appease friends/co-workers/bosses who need a Salt fix or have heard all of the acclaim and can't wait to try it. At this point, several meals in, nothing has been I-love-you-forever-you're-SO-delicious! Some things have been great (beets! all the soups!), some have been good (beef short ribs, pork, arctic char), some have been unappetizing (chicken, bahn-mi), and some have been.... weird (tofu w/ popcorn grits. Which my dining partner loved, so who knows?) Overall, for me this is an attractive restaurant with ok food that I can take or leave. But apparently I will keep taking it, at least until the hubbub dies down and friends stop clamoring to go.I do totally heart the local food sourcing. And they do have Fernet, which can make a night slide right by.
5	This place is fantastic.  They make incredibly creative and delicious local and seasonal upscale food here of all styles, with some asian flair.  The atmosphere is really cool.  You can make reservations to sit upstairs, but to sit at the awesome communal tables on the main floor you have to show up and wait (likely for a while unless it's a week night or early).  The menu changes daily based on what they find in the market that morning, so they write it out every day on a two-story-high chalkboard.  It can be a little pricey, but you can also get away with not spending tons of money here.
5	I'm pretty sure the salmon I had at salt of the earth this past summer was the best meal I've ever had. I've lived in New York and Montreal and eaten in places way beyond my budget in both cities and have not been as impressed by anywhere as I was with Salt of the Earth. Comparably has very reasonable prices for what they offer. Here comes pittsburgh!
5	It's aaaa wait... totally awesome. Especially for the Burgh. If you are a meat n potatoes kind of person with zero sense of food adventure then you should not eat here. Vegetarian selections are creative and yummy. High quality. It's a mix now of hipsters and professors it seemed. The concept of the two levels - lower level is communal seating with no reservations needed and upstairs for those on the ball is fantastical. Go..just go.
4	Love the concept of the place.  Communal/bar seating for walk-ins, or formal dining seating for reservations.  My wife and I sat at the bar, which I won't do next time.  The bar does not have a foot rest for the high bar stools so the whole dinner I'm sqirming in my seat trying to keep myself propped up with only the foot support on the bar stool.  That seriously made for an uncomfortable dinner.  The food seems to be a little hit or miss.  I enjoyed my meal, the "Wagyu Skirt Steak" with celeriac, beets, sweet potato, squash, and blue cheese. But my wife didn't particularly enjoy hers, the "Trout" with udon, toasted birch dashi, turnip, seabean, and grape.  Also, the dessert they had was very attractively presented but fell short in taste.  I do however like the creativity and the courage to experiment with nontraditional food combinations, so I think I'll be back to try them again.
2	For the money we spent...definitely not worth it...I love good food and don't mind spending for it but there was little that was special.  - The cocktails (we had 3 different kinds) were not good and too over priced...meant to be fancy but nothing special.- the risotto was much to be desired.  The octopus with it was cooked very well (tender not chewy) but the risotto itself really was plain (and a bit salty)- the beets were nothing special.  I love beets but not worth it.  The best part were the greens with truffle oil.  - the tartare was good (only appetizer we got that was worth anything)Main Courses:- Duck (2 out of 4 liked it)- Hanger Steak AMAZING!  Loved it.  This was the only really good thing on the menu.   Dessert:- Smores:  NOT worth it.  Weird combinations didn't go well together.  "Elder flour" marshmallow fluff  Weird.  Just tasted like fake grape flavor.  Not good with the "smores".  Served with chocolate ganache and honey grahams.  Cheap and didn't go.  The ice cream with it was the best part.  We actually left a lot on the plate.- The apple dessert was also REALLY good.  The ice cream was great (no it wasn't goat cheese ice cream, they no longer have this).   Overall, the steak and the apple dessert were the ONLY things worth going back for...and yes they were awesome but 2 or 3 (including the duck) out of 9 is not a good record (33% good food).Seating note:  chairs upstairs are really uncomfortable (if you sit back), even for skinny people, they are much less comfortable than the benches.
4	I think This place is a great addiciton to Pittsburgh's dinning sceen.  I like the open kitchen.  I feel that I get more than just a meal from here.  Watching everybody work, Iget that there has been time put in to this food and passion.  I think that energy is translated from the plate, to the fork and to the mouth and than to me.  It gives me inspiration.
2	I might be the only person in Pittsburgh with meh feelings on this place.  That makes me sad, because I spent a good 3 months trying to get there.I've been assured that the time we went was a little off...and then spoke with a co-worker who was there the same week, and she had the same feelings.The menu feels like they are trying to hard to be unique, instead of just being good.  Every item had the promise of being delicious, but then had some random stuff thrown in that made it taste off.The menu changes frequently, so your experience will be totally different...but I will use our dessert as an illustration of the ridiculousness.A S'more.  I'm pretty sure it had a fancier name...but was intended to be a deconstructed S'more.It was crumbled Golden Grahams, a dense chocolate cake, and homemade marshmallow goop.  Totally almost awesome.  But the marshmallow goop tasted - off.  We asked the server, and she said "oh yeah, that's the elder flower! Some people don't like it!"  EXACTLY. It's a freaking s'more, stop shoving edgy ingredients in it!Every item we ate had some version of elder flower in it, ugh. I'll be back, I'll try it again.I love the atmosphere. I love that it's something different.  But, jeez...stop trying so hard.
3	What's the hype? The space itself is great! I love the communal seating and and how it took a little nook out of Garfield and made it its own. The chef is supposed to be the best in Pittsburgh, so I had high expectations. The food came out and it was a very very decent well executed meal. A very bland decent meal. Where's this innovation people keep talking about? What is so creative about the menu? There was not an item there I haven't seen elsewhere. What I'm looking for in food is satisfaction and inspiration and I got neither. Food was great, but I'm not inspired to return.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh so far. If you're in a party of two and are up for a unique experience, sit at the counter where you can watch the cooks expertly prepare your food (and everyone else's)! My wife is a vegetarian and there were lots of great dishes to pick from--they essentially do a vegetarian version of every meat dish on the menu. Having recently moved from New York City, the portions are also relatively big and the prices relatively small given the quality of the food.
5	Um... WOW.This place is hands-down my favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh.I came in in a bad mood and was determined to be miserable and stubborn throughout my meal, thinking there were not enough vegetarian options and I didn't want the "tofu" or "corn grits." Man was I wrong.The prices are really low for the INCREDIBLE quality of food and service. And the serving sizes are impressively large for this price anywhere, too. I've been in here to see vegetarian entrees as low as $14.The server was really, really cool. He was really spacey and unique, like a weird hippie foodie dude, and I really digged it. I asked for his recommendations and he asked me "How do you feel about the weather changing?" When I said I didn't like it and missed summer he suggested the tofu and mushroom plate for the overall feeling and warmth of the plate. Pretty cool, I thought, then he asked if I would like to hear a detailed description of the two plates I was considering as well. I said yes, and he rattled off a very detailed description of the entire cooking process of the entrees, all of the ingredients and importance of the garnishes and again, the overall mood and feel of the plate. All while staring out into the distance, of course. Very cool, this guy knew his food and clearly took pride in serving right it and truly keeping people happy.To make the rest of the story short, the appetizer of beets and the entree of corn grits (with a bunch of other stuff) and the s'mores desert were all to die for. This place really opened my eyes to subtleties and fine crafting to a whole new level.The s'mores also really surprised me with their complete and total perfection, from the sea salt on the chocolate to the choice of Golden Grahams to accompany the elderflower ("regular" graham crackers could not compare and I'm so glad they realized this and owned it). I'm a huge floral fan and it's always too subtle everywhere I go. These s'mores go with the taste of the elderflower with the sweetness of the torched marshmallow in ways that blow my mind. I've come back just for this desert before because I was craving it so badly.What an art. *applauds*
5	Last week some friends & I went to Salt of the Earth, which has been getting a lot of attention in the food world of Pittsburgh. The chef Kevin Sousa, had previously worked for The Big Burrito company, specifically Kaya as an executive chef. Then in September of 2010 finally opened his own restaurant. Shortly after the opening, it saw immediate success, even bringing him the title Chef of the year by Pittsburgh Magazine in 2011. So as you can imagine, I was excited to try this place.Upon arrival the hostess was extremely helpful & nice, offering me 3 different places to sit & wait for my party. The decor is unique. It's 'fancy casual' The lighting is elegant with cafeteria style picnic tables. No menus, a huge chalk board lays along side the restaurant with the menu written by hand. The menu changes often & is always seasonal.What to chose! The decision took a while. Check out the menu. We started with cocktails. I got a white whiskey which was local cider & whiskey. All the cocktails are $10. Strong & delicious. Then when it came to the entrees we decided to have a good 3-some. So I order the Haluski, my friends ordered the Mushrooms & Hanger Steak. Each plate needs its own paragraph.Haluski started with a parsnip puree base, followed by a medley of root vegetables, tofu, egg noodles & fresh cabbage. Surrounding the dish was apple butter & topped with cranberries. It was like an elegant comfort food. It wasn't excessively buttery or gravy.....but it still represented the same feel. It really captured the fall season in a dish.Hanger Steak. Big chunk of steak, root vegtable medeley, tangy horseradish, blue cheese and surrounding a beat puree. The combination of tangy & sweet was amazing. It was so balanced. You weren't even put off by the intensity of the horseradish since the beet puree was sweet. It was an excellent dish, I kind of wish I would have gotten this myself.Mushrooms. It was really earthy tasting, kind of like a mushroom should. It was root vegetables & cranberry I believe. I can't remember what else. I just noticed the menu has already changed, which just makes me want to go back.After that magnificent foodgasm, we weren't finished there. We ordered smore's for dessert. Oh my goodness. Three chunks of chocolate, marshmallow, elder-flower, & golden grahams It was beautiful.So in conclusion, I highly recommend checking out this place if you are in the Pittsburgh Area. It's located in Garfield on Penn, but it's really close to Bloomfield/East Liberty. They do have a parking lot, which I of course noticed after I paralleled. So check it out & be amazed.Check out the post of my blog: http://wp.me/p1XmJ0-3l
2	Rating reflects our personal tastes.  Atmosphere and experience was fine.The atmosphere was nice.  Lots of younger people here.  The long tables was a cool idea.  I went with a friend and we strike a small conversation with the people next to us.  That was a cool experience.  However, the long tables did allow our  conversations to be overheard too.  The food definitely looked like it was well made. I wouldn't say this place was American.  It is more non-traditional food.There are several things I didn't like about this place.  The menu is written on the wall so if you are sitting at an angle to the wall, you'll have to get it and look at it.  But it is also available online so you can view it on your phone.  They have a huge drink menu but their food menu is small.  I wasn't really impress with their menu selection.I ordered an entree and my friend ordered three appetizers.  The food here is definitely non-traditional.  I wouldn't categorize it as American like on Yelp.  You don't get a raw/medium steak with kimchi on porridge with sweet soy or raw salmon with weird bubbles all over it at a traditional American place.  We like to try new places and new flavors but we just didn't feel this place.  The food was hard to stomach for us.  I finished 70% of my steak and kimchi then gave up on the rest.  My friend is a poor nursing student.  She couldn't afford to let it go to waste.  Watching her forcing herself to stomach everything was like watching a horror show.The place isn't bad.  It just isn't for everyone.  Come here for drinks.  Come here to talk or hang out.  Come here to eat?  Maybe.  I think it is just our personal tastes.  If you're more traditional American (Steak with mash potatoes and corn vs kimchi and porridge), you probably won't like this place.
5	I agree with previous reviewers that this place isn't for everyone.  But it is a rare treat if you love love love food, and appreciate a chef's ability to bring adventurous combinations of foods together and still bring to the table delicious dishes one after another. (Especially at such affordable prices.  Then again I'm slightly biased cause in NY... everything's overpriced.  Seriously.. 2x the portion at 1/2 the price... sigh)Duck was amazing.  Perfectly tender, crispy skin, deliciously seasoned.Risotto was tasty, porridge-like brimming with flavor every bite.Snails with chicken breaded in sweetbread (it's always fun convincing someone to try sweetbread after explaining what it is) - delicious.  Would've never thought of this combination together, but it was great.Also a fun people watching place.Drinks and dessert were both good, but not memorable.  For their savory dishes though, I would actually consider making another trip out to Pittsburgh just to try the rest of the dishes.
4	I have never in my life had anything referred to as "deconstructed" in a restaurant, it's one of those haughty-taughty terms that are reserved for people who also drink "molecular cocktails" and don't buy wine in a box. However! My first deconstructed food was the s'more dessert at this fine establishment, accompanied by their Vouvray (okay, I can be a tiny bit fancy sometimes) and I was in absolute chocolate and wine heaven. I would have to say, it was the second best dessert I've ever had in my lift (first place was a bananas foster in Nassau at the Radcliff) and a week later, I am still thinking about it.The seating arrangements are great with the long, communal tables and stools. If you find you are a bit stiff or need a comfy chair when you dine, it's probably not going to work the best for you. The whole place feels like one of those super modern Scandinavian houses you see in Dwell perched on the side of a glacier...except it's perched next to an auto repair shop, which doesn't seem to matter once inside. Very impressed with the menu (which I didn't try, but will when I go back!) and the service was non-pretentious and friendly.
4	Salt of the Earth opened back in September 2010, and like many other foodies in town, I had been waiting and waiting for the great day of revelation, but for various reasons, I didn't make it...until now. A friend of mine and I had been talking about getting to Salt for the better part of the past year--to celebrate a number of milestones that had passed, but finally we made it in mid-December in honor of our December birthdays (and all that other stuff). I knew well what to expect, and we chose to not make a reservation so that we could experience the communal tables on the first floor. The noise level was not terrible, but definitely would not be great for anyone with hearing troubles. The large menu was not that difficult to read, but I did like that they also had the URL up so you could choose to read it on your smartphone, should you be so equipped. I found the prices to be pretty reasonable for the level of dining -- entrees ranged from $15-24. Add starters ($6-13) and desserts ($7-8), and you can spend a pretty penny or a small fortune if you also imbibe a few of their cocktails, but we found ourselves quite pleased with our meals and the bill did not break the bank (we shared a salad and dessert and did not order any alcohol). I agree with other reviewers who note that you should be prepared for the experience and be in the mood for the atmosphere. I think that it would be best to have a small group (~4) if you are going to sit at the communal table, as I did feel a bit surrounded as a party of two smack in the middle of the table, but we were not too crowded and it was not too loud. The service was functional and the wait staff were knowledgeable about the menu. We shared a beet, frisee, and egg salad drizzled with truffle oil ($10) that was fabulous and the portion was sufficient for two as a starter. The beets were chopped into small cubes and tossed with the truffle oil. Sweet frisee was piled on top with an egg laid on top of that. The runny yolk added to the richness of the dressing and it was truly divine. There was a long wait between the salad and our entrees. We had been sitting for at least a half an hour with nothing on the table save a bottle of fizzy water (for which they get points for not charging some outrageous price) and I remarked that the wait was getting a bit ridiculous, even for a place that makes fabulous creations that should not be rushed. Our entrees thankfully showed up a few moments after that point, and they were fabulous. I ordered the seitan, a steal at $15. It was served with broccoli kim chi, wild rice porridge (which was poured along side the seitan) and ginger. Each bite had a slightly different combination of savory, tart, sweet, and bright. It was delicious, creative, nourishing and filling -- everything I want in a meal, and bonus points to Chef Souza for coming up with well-balanced and delicious veggie options. My dining companion had the scallops with mussels that were served with a sunchoke/potato puree, artichokes and olives. She also was very pleased with her meal.We finished with the "S'more" dessert, which was an insane (in all the good ways), combination of crumbled golden graham crackers, chunks of chocolate ganache, and heavenly elderflower-infused fluff, lightly torched for the "melted over a campfire" effect. Overall, I'd give the food a 5; the service a 3.5 (servers were helpful, but the time between courses was long and we finally had to ask for our check after again sitting for a while after finishing our dessert); and the atmosphere a 3. It's a shwank looking place--beautiful, but a bit hard and lacking intimacy (I can't speak for the upstairs space). I will definitely be back, but I think you have to be in the mood for the experience. If you are in the least tired or looking for a comfortable, relaxed experience, long group tables and backless chairs in a cavernous room with a 15 ft chalkboard on one side and the open kitchen on the other will not deliver. If, however, you're up for a wonderful food adventure with a couple of energetic friends, NACL is just the place for the perfect evening.
4	Had a hard decision between the Hanger Steak or Scallops, but I went with the steak and was not disappointed. The meat was cooked perfectly, and everything else on the plate was visually and orally pleasing.*Came around 7pm on a Thursday and got seated downstairs right away, although 15min later there was a line of 6-10 waiting to sit.Was surprised they only had one type of Scotch,** but it was a kind I like so it wasn't an issue.Salt was close to a 5 star meal, but two things grinded my gears:- I'm really over the chalkboard menus, especially at a place like Salt with a lot of options. There's a lot to take in on their menu and it's annoying to have to keep turning around to see everything. I almost got whiplash since I couldn't decide what to order***.- For a $$ meal I would prefer a back to my seat. Yes, the place has a cool vibe, and the communal benches look cool.. but I'd like some comfort while I enjoy my $9 lettuce wraps and $21 steak.---------------------------* Hm, that's an awkward phrase** Macallan 12 yr*** Okay, it wasn't THAT bad, but still, Salt has a great menu and I'd like to read it without the guy a table over thinking I'm starring at him
5	In returning a few times since my first visit, I still feel as strongly about this place, as the first time I walked in.I have since been able to sit at the Food Bar to watch and appreciate the Chefs prepare our food.  As a former Line Cook, having REAL CHEFS prepare my food- I greatly appreciate and respect.  It's not easy being a cook where the kitchen is hidden, but to be relaxed, balanced, and on your game at an open food bar - it just makes me weak-in-the-knees-happy for how professional and clean they are.  Again...the vision of the restaurant just makes me gleam with foodie joy.  What I loved so much about food in L.A. and NYC - is right here on Penn Ave.Since the menu changes often, I wanted to go back and get my Hanger Steak with horseradish and beet puree, but THIS time the Hanger Steak was served over a Wild Rice Porridge, Broccoli Kimchi, Mung Bean Sprouts, and a Soy Teriyaki Sauce.  I need to go back before this is off the menu, because in my opinion, he has officially perfected his Hanger Steak (and if Chef sees that I have written that, it may come off the menu soon).  Every flavor worked so well together, and had a tasty Asian flare to it, without being completely Asian.  I don't know how he does it - but he inspires me to throw my Veganism out the window when I walk through his doors.  I don't care - I just want what they're serving because it's delicious.The hard part now, is when this place is mentioned - and we didn't plan ahead or  don't have a reservation.  Once someone mentions, "Have you tried Salt", I go into "WE'RE GOING" mode, even if it's already 9pm on a Friday night (which is then devastating, because you need a reservation on a late Friday night!).  Considering myself a new "regular", I will be going back for more quite often, forever.  :-)
5	Salt of the Earth was a lot more classy than I expected. I was used to choosing cheaper restaurants from yelp, but my friend came into town and promised to bring me anywhere to eat. Anywhere. I chose this place because I have read reviews of it from other blogs and I thought it would be a good place to go. This place really blew me off of my feet though!We started with cocktails, so my friend ordered a rum cocktail and got me a N/A. Apparently it meant non-alcoholic, as I was under 21 at that time (two days away!). This was an amazing drink and I loved it. The tangy orange went so well with the creamy, fragrant coconut, and the cinnamon added an appropriate kick to it. I hope they still have this drink the next time I come back (apparently it has already been changed to grapefruit).We then got the beef tartare starter. You can see the quail egg on top of the raw beef, presumably mixed with marrow and topped with peanuts, and I'm assuming the sansho are the radish slice-looking things. It could have been the grass, although that didn't taste like anything. The beef tartare itself was okay. It tasted thick but the texture was also very soft. However, it left a strange sour and dry/astringent aftertaste that I did not enjoy. Although a decent dish, I don't think it was the best that the restaurant had to offer.I ordered the duck dish, which was basically roasted duck on top of what seems to be mashed potatoes, surrounded by apple butter. The "pasta" (haluski) had its own poultry that came with it, and then on top of everything was pomegranate seeds. This dish was simply amazing. I loved the play of flavors: the slightly chewy but tender duck with creamy mashed potatoes and the occasion pomegranate seed if I chose to add that. The apple butter went well with the haluski and brussel sprouts although I wasn't able to finish the haluski. The duck might also be the best duck I've had in recent memory (but this probably just means that my parents needed to take me somewhere with amazing duck meat). It was amazing.My friend ordered the Hanger Steak, which was an Asian take on this American cut of beef. The rice porridge was underneath the steak and sauce, while the vegetables were laid on top of the beef. I personally think the sauce really made this dish delicious. It was some sort of soy sauce based sauce, but I couldn't really put my finger on what else it had (ginger, probably). Again, the meat was tender, and the porridge was warm and thick. My friend said, however, that because the sauce was mild, the porridge ended up diluting the sauce even more and made the porridge tasteless. Perhaps they were meant to be eaten separately, or the steak dipped in the sauce without mixing. I really liked this dish too, despite my friend's apparent disappointment. I think the chef really has the Asian palette down to be able to make a dish that mixed what we would consider such strange ingredients together.
2	I have driven past this place so many times I finally decided to try it.  I enjoyed the clever signage and decided a fellow geek must own it.  What I did like:  The service was great at our table and the bar.  Eccletic group that I feel truly respesents Pitt.What I did not like:  The food was ok but I feel the presentation and pricing suggest very high end which the food was not, good but not exceptional.  My friend ordered the short ribs and she sent them back as they were extremely fatty (much more than normal).  Our group of four all agreed at the end it was ok but not worth the price tag.  Bright colorful presentation with bland flavor.
5	A major player in my search for the best foodie restaurants in the burgh.  This place is great!  The menu is always changing, and typically is made up of very interesting items.  If you like simple food and don't like to go out of your comfort zone, your options will be limited.  I have always been able to walk-in and sit down immediately.  My favorite spot would have to be the bar in front of the kitchen where you can watch the chefs at work.  The service is always great.  The cocktails are outstanding.  If you are a foodie or just enjoy good food cooked perfectly, this is the spot for you.
4	Quick Summation: Salt of the Earth sometimes sacrifices delicious for different. Salt of the Earth is definitely one of the more chic and inventive restaurants in Pittsburgh, placing it up there with a synonymous taste, such as Notion. Undoubtably, it has a very good bar and my Pouilly Fume was on its game. Salt is one of those places trying to bring New York to Pittsburgh, only it didn't taste quite as good and lost something in transit, and here is why: The waitress suggested the most unique options on the menu: sous-vide octopus with chorizo and a scallops dish with mussels, mixed potatoes, panchetta, and sunchoke. I'll try them. The rest of the family gets a sous-vide hanger steak, sous-vide pork, vegan seitan dish, and some vegan lettuce wraps. The octopus had some interesting flavors and textures, but was just chewy and didn't have a strong driving note of flavor. Things mixed, but only spicy flavors really rose to the top. Similarly the Korean BBQ sauce in the lettuce wraps was tasty, but only the texture of the puffed rice differentiates the flavor. I found this an ongoing theme: interesting mixtures of flavors, but each dish lacked a sense of time, temporality, meaning to say, each bite had one duration, one flavor as you cleared your mouth. The only next mixture of flavor came when you put another bite in. I get the sense that Salt likes to put a lot of stuff together to say they did, when they are really sacrificing the beauty of individual flavors of ingredients that are just well prepared. They like to put too much together and in doing so they lose individual notes.  There was never a pause for the taste buds with just a very wholesome and singular flavor. In this respect, I felt it was trying way too hard. The scallops were incredibly aromatic, and the panchetta and potatoes were tasty and refreshing, but nothing new. The scallops were definitely not scrubbed down enough and I had some sand. Expected but I'm also frustrated by this in restaurants that claim a sort of attention to detail. The seitan was an amazing entree, and the vegan at the table won the game again. However, shout outs to the pork, cooked sous-vide and so moist on a bed of farro with some chicken pate (if I recall). The dessert and coffee was probably my favorite part. The "deconstructed" style s'mores had great flair. I could appreciate the mastery of the marshmallow fluff with elderflower that was torched to give it a "smores" flavor. It had changing flavor as it moved through the palate. The chocolate with sea salt was stellar with the pomegranates and I loved my coffee. Brewed well. Never underestimate it. Over all, the service was kind and was very concerned about my father's garlic allergy. She scraped off the roasted garlic from the steak and warned him about the kimchi. Very knowledgeable girl. I would love to see Salt just enjoy individual flavors and how they change over time. If they are going to mix, they should be sure that those mixtures are not overcome by just spiciness, but a true evolution of flavor. They should perhaps substitute the octopus for a local sea animal if they want to be truly "original..." I'll look forward to eating here again next time I'm in Pittsburgh. I think it has the potential to be orgasmic if it just stopped being so concerned with the originality of names of the food it puts on the board.
3	I was visiting my family with my boyfriend over Christmas and New Years.  We wanted a nice place to grab dinner before heading to First Night downtown on New Years Eve.  Salt of the Earth has topped every Best of Dining in Pittsburgh list that I had seen.  I called for a reservation and 5:30 PM and 10:30 PM were the only times available.  We chose 5:30 PM but over the course of our dinner, we noticed several tables open.  I would have much rather come at 7 or 8 so that was slightly irritating.  The food and ingredients are selected with care, one can see that from Salt's unique menu.  The staff politely explained each ingredient I had questions about.  For an appetizer, I had the celery soup and my boyfriend had the steak tartare.  We could have easily split the steak tartare.  Main courses - I had the duck breast while my boyfriend had the lamb shank.  The dishes were really big but this is Pittsburgh so I get it.  However, I had hoped from their selection of herbs, meats and preparation methods that the dishes flavor would have been more condensed within each bite.  For dessert, we had the deconstructed s'mores which was nice and reminded me of backyard bonfires.For the price, staff politeness, creativity of the menu and taste of each plate, I would say it was okay to good.  3.5 out of 5 stars.
4	Outstanding gastro take on comfort food. The trout was perfectly salty and flakey with a gorgeous tamarind soy reduction. The plates were so pretty I didn't want to eat anything. Don't skip dessert... Have the s'mores. Also, the nonalcoholic cocktail was very surprising.. Tart, light and homey (probably because of the nutmeg)
4	On a recent Saturday, my wife and I unexpectedly had a babysitter (thank you Grandma and Pap Pap) so we decided to go out to dinner.  There were virtually no reservations to be had anywhere, so we decided to go to Salt of the Earth where you don't need them to sit downstairs.  This was about my 5th trip and my wife's 2nd.  The first time she went we sat upstairs.  This time we sat at the common tables downstairs.I think the common tables are a great concept, but as previously mentioned the chairs have no backs.  This works great as a space-saver, but if you're one of the many people out there who suffer from back pain, these chairs can be extremely uncomfortable.  My wife was particularly unhappy about this by the end of our meal.We started with appetizers.  I had the snails and my wife had the beef tartare.  The tartare was pretty flavorful, but entirely too big for one person.  Eating that much raw meat starts to get unpleasant after a while.  My wife said, "I feel like I'm cheating on notion" (who made the best beef tartare dish we've ever had).  The snail dish included perfectly cooked sweetbreads.  Stephanie Izzard from Girl and the Goat in Chicago said that sweetbreads should taste like the "world's best Chicken McNugget" and these definitely hit the mark.  Unfortunately, the snails had a strange astringent, almost soapy flavor to them that made the dish somewhat unpleasant.For entrees, I had the duck with haluski and my wife had the scallops and mussels.  For her dish, although olives were listed as the last ingredient (and one might think minor), there were a great deal of olives included.  There were so many olives that the stronger olive flavor completely overpowered the more delicate flavors of the perfectly cooked scallops and mussels.For dessert, we tried the much hailed S'more dessert mentioned in multiple Yelp reviews.  It was an excellent concept, but our particular preparation was too overpowered by overuse of the Elderflower flavoring.  In fact, all we could taste was Elderflower in every bite which doesn't exactly evoke childhood campfire memories.As always, our service was outstanding and we were very excited to see Jim, one of our favorite and best waiters in Pittsburgh.  This particular dinner was a little off for us, but I still think Salt is a great place.  As you would likely garner from the above reviews, Salt is not a fine-dining, special-occasion kind of place.  However, I would argue that Kevin Sousa has single handedly done the most to advance the restaurant landscape in Pittsburgh.  It seems like new and interesting restaurants are opening every day (like Verde a few doors up).  I think Salt is a great gateway restaurant to introduce Pittsburgers to the world of modern cuisine.
5	The gin drink was incredible. The others were OK, but the gin one was mind-blowing. Our food was great and our waiter was extremely helpful, not pushy, kinda funny, and exactly as present as he needed to be to keep things moving but not be overbearing.The place is cool. That's exactly what it is - it's trendy in the midwest hipster way, which is clean and nice and industrail. Really, really really enjoyed dining here and was VERY impressed by how responsible the kitchen was with allergies. On my allergy tip: this place does well for nut allergies. Big fan. Can't wait to go back sometime soon.
5	Top 3 favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh! Go there now! What Chef Sousa has accomplished in this locale has been phenomenal from start to finish. The bar staff is the best in the city! Bold statement, but entirely true. Their concoctions are unmatched, and the perfect complement to Sousa's unique cuisine. I've had the octopus cooked as many ways as they've prepared the dish, and each time it's been outstanding, tender, and well matched with other dish components. Snails dish was also out of this world, again cooked to perfection. One of my favorite entrees was the banh mi sandwich. duck liver mousse MADE this dish. Also a fan of the sashimi dish and beef togue. Haven't had a bad dish. Wish they served the eggnog with stregga year-round.
4	Excellent! Great improvements since it opened last year. We went on a Thursday night. We made reservations for the upstairs dining room as we don't enjoy the backless stools at the community dining area below. We ordered the snails, pork rillette, beef tartare, hanger steak with kimchi and the lamb shank. All of the portion sizes were much larger than I remember them to be last year when they opened. Also the prices seemed to have dropped a bit too. The food was delicious. I would definitely return again soon. The kimchi was outstanding with the hanger steak. The lamb shank could have used more spice or flavor. Our servers were a little cold and distracted. I actually heard the girl say, as I was walking to the bathroom after she took my order, that she was "just going to put our whole fucking order in." I assume instead of putting in the starters first. Regardless it was a nice experience.
3	This review took me a week to think about what to write.  The jury may still be out, so we will go with a "middle of the road" 3.Our hosts had been dying to try, as this was the newer trendy joint in town, and had gotten a good bump from the locals.Let me give it a try to word this experience up.  The seating was interesting, Mess Hall meets kindergarten library.  Meaning: you have to sit on wood blocks and share basically half a picnic table with others.  Sitting close to other patrons is nothing new, seeing as I come from the city of the dreaded row of tables for two, where you are closer to the patron next to you than you are to your date.  But at the same time you are not physically sharing table space with them.The entire menu was on the wall, chalk board style.  This I liked.  It's in view of everyone all night, and you can continually refer to it after you get your dish.  The other cool thing about it is the menu can forever evolve with just the erase of chalk.  The dishes were all unique, and came as a dish, not a main + sides.  For example mine was the lamb shank over polenta and swiss chard.  Yes that sounds like a main + sides, but they were all swimming together in a pool of intense flavor.  Everything flowed together nicely as if it were meant to touch.  The lamb shank meat had the classic "fall off the bone" tenderness.  So this was a plus.The drinks... I enjoy a nice G&T from time to time, so I wanted to keep it light (especially since we had just come from Penn Brewery), but my G&T can have either Bombay (dry or sapphire) or Beefeater.  Any other Gin does not mix well with me at all.  The waiter said they only had a local (local as in Philly) gin.  Ok, I'm up for new things, always, especially when it benefits the locals.  AWFUL.  I would've rather had well gin at this point.  How do you only offer 1 type of gin?  You live and you learn.  I learned never trust anything from Philly in one sip! (little secret, I already knew that anyway)The staff.  It was as if a requirement of working here, one needed to display an exorbitant amount of tattoos.  Why?  I have no problem with tats, but every single staff member, including the kitchen (which is on display) all looked exactly the same, like some sort of hipster cult.  Also the way they described the meals to you is oddly robotic.  That's it!  This place is the design of some sort of robot hipster cult!If I was unsure on whether or not the hipster trend had made it to Pittsburgh, I certainly know now!Wrap up;So what to do?  I like the food, hated the drink, was uncomfortable with the seating, and the staff creeped me...  Do I come back.... maybe.  The jury is still out.
4	1 star for every time I've been here!  Perhaps the 5th time will put you to a full ranking NaCl!  A modern, I'd say slightly hipster, place that has a lot of options that can appeal to anyone.  You can choose a reserved more intimate table, a seat at the food counter where you can watch the men in black cook up a storm, an unreserved seat on the first floor at the communal tables, or hang by the bar in the back.  We usually find ourselves here as our default place when we've neglected to plan ahead and make reservations elsewhere.  It's nice to be just able to walk in.  We have always sat on the first floor.  The atmosphere is very free so don't be surprised if you find yourself chatting with the neighboring diners.And what about the food?  The place has not yet disappointed us yet when it comes to the food.  Their menu changes periodically.  Any dish with their brussel sprouts is a WINNER.  Sit at the bar and you can see the prep to help you decide!
5	Great food. Trendy atmosphere. This restaurant could be dropped in the middle of NYC rather than Pittsburgh - not many places in the burgh you can say that about. The entree presentation was delightful, the servers were extremely friendly and inviting, and the overall experience was a 10 out of 10. I had been told to expect to leave hungry - BUT, I found just the opposite to be true. I was stuffed only half way through my entree (duck breast) but was craving more still. I look forward to my next meal at Salt, and I'm sure it will be very soon.
4	My wife and went to Salt of the Earth last Friday and were delighted.Theres not much to say that hasn't been said time and time again in previous reviews.  The restaurant feels like it has been plucked right out of New York.  Its a trendy place with truly inventive food and drinks.My wife and I tried the octopus for an entree and were really impressed by the flavor combination of the octopus and the tiny sausage pieces.  My entree, the duck breast was done to perfection and was amazingly flavorful.  Salt's take on haluski was inventive and delightful. The only thing that keeps me from giving Salt 5 stars is the service.  Our server was a little distant and condescending when she was asked to help explain some of the menu options (which are left intentionally vague).Other than that, we had a great time at Salt of the Earth and would enjoy a repeat visit.
5	My brother, who lives around the corner from here, refuses to admit that this is his favorite restaurant in the city. I have no such qualms. Of course, you've got to take that with a grain of salt (get it?!!) since I've only been to a few places, but Salt is easily my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant to date.While the communal tables were packed and lively on a Friday evening, we were able to sit down at the bar immediately. I would've preferred a spot watching the open kitchen, but I'll never be sad about sitting at a bar, especially one manned by such talented ladies. Both of us jumped on the bourbon cocktail of the day; with Green Chartreuse and hickory, it was a bit on the sweet side for him, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.The menu on the wall (and only on the wall, no printed copies anywhere) was appealing from top to bottom, and we went meat-heavy with our orders. We started with the steak tartare; a bit of bone marrow, cornichons and a silky quail egg punched up the quality cut, and it was flawless. However, it still paled in comparison to the crispy gnocchi, served with chunks of astonishingly tender beef cheek, all atop an unctuous layer of beef tongue. The light touch of a papaya sauce, along with a bit of the braising liquid, culminated in nothing less than culinary genius. I loved every bite, and if he wasn't my brother, I probably would've broken his face for eating almost half. Since three types of beef weren't enough for him, he also opted for the hanger steak as his main. Served with broccoli kimchi and a wild rice porridge, the beef was once again a winner. The dish was a bit soupier than anticipated, but the dark porridge was a perfect vehicle for the medium rare meat, once again tender as can be. I chose the duck. The perfectly cooked slices of breast were laid over a parsnip puree and accompanied by halusky with onion and apple, a few roasted brussel sprouts and what appeared to be even more braised duck. While it might not be an affordable entree by Pittsburgh standards, you absolutely get your money's worth with each order here. It was a MEAL, and a damn fine one.Throughout dinner, the service was excellent. Our beautiful bartenders were kind enough to keep us in cocktails (a Manhattan for me, complete with a huge, round ice cube) after we finished our initial offerings, and didn't rat me out for stealing huge pieces of steak while my brother was in the bathroom.If I had a complaint, it would be that it's gonna be a bitch to hit up the 'Burgh every time I want to eat here, but I'll be back.
4	I live two blocks from this place, yet waited six months to try it. After a few bourbon cocktails and delicious plates, I could kick myself for waiting so long.For a starter, we had the octopus, which was prepared in a way that was new...not battered and fried. It was light and served with great side flavors. For the main plate, I had the Seiten Kim chi. It was cooked just right. The Seiten was a great texture and had lots of flavor. My girlfriend had the trout and was very vocal about how perfect it was. The evening was great. If there is one weakness with Salt, it is the service. It's not terrible, but they don't seem to understand how to let the meals flow. We were constantly being hung over and plates were taken before everyone was done. If they would relax and let the guests relax and enjoy there time, this would be a five star rating. I will be moving out of state soon, but will defiantly try to visit this great restaurant again.
4	First time here.  Had high expectations.  How could you not after hearing nothing but great things?Started off with the bourbon drink.  Was good.  a bit sweet.  but good.second drink switched gears to a very well made manhattan on the rocks.  everyone at the table loved the single sphere ice cube.  pretty cool i thought.Appetizer was the frise and beat salad.  And wow.  I was a bit pissed to have to spend $10 on an appetizer salad course but it was fantastic.  I love a great beet salad.  But what made it was the dressing on the frise.  was awesome.Somehow our table managed to all order a different appetizer so it was nice to see the variety.  the salmon looked great.  some fancy foam on top.  The risoto was also good.  I had a taste of that.  someone else said it was the best appetizer they ever had and loved it.overall we all enjoyed our appetizers.  I actually think my salad was better than my seitan entree.The seitan was just a bit crazy.  its a mild flavor in itself so to can either go mild or wild with the sides and this time they went wild.The sauce was super sweet soy sauce with a porridge mixed in.  topped with some mung bean sprouts and large pungent pieces of kimchi and seitan.  and thats where it got me.  The flavor was nice for a couple bites but by the end it was a task to eat.  just too sweet and sour for my tastes i suppose.  The kimchi blew out my palate and i also walked away with kimchi breath until i got another drink down the way.4 drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees = $100So with all that said I'm happy with the experience.  our waitress was great and had answers for all our questions, even my ones about vegan safe items.  We all enjoyed seeing the open kitchen.  Visually, I think every worker there was inked, young, and seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Good place we enjoyed it.  Good splurge meal out.
1	Ok - I want to be cool and like this place, but I am having a REALLY hard time.-the layout and environment are cool.  it was like a NYC momfuku rip off, if you have ever been- i was dying for a dirty martini, sadly they have no olives.  yup - no olives in a fully stocked bar-when i asked what a particular drink tasted like, I was told in a snooty way "Unicorns and magic."  Well, it did not taste like that, at all.  It tasked like cloves and ash tray and it was over $10.-the chalkboard appetizer item said "salmon,capers, dill, and all this other stuff."  I thought it was a bruschetta of some sort - wrong, it was sashimi served with NO chopsticks.  It is awkward eating sashimi with a fork-next, we go the cheese tray, of course they don't serve bread or crackers with it - another upset-i ordered the duck, something i save for only special occassions and i was really exctied-it was delvered cold over purreed carrots with peas.  It looked and tasted like a nasty school lunch.  the duck breast was tiny and lacked flavor.  I asked for pepper and the waitress forgot.  by the time i asked again, my meal was freezing-not ever going back!  for those kinds of prices, i want a meal that leaves me satified and happy - not disgruntled and feeling cheated
5	Great atmosphere, incredible food and sitting at the bar you can get lost in the artistry cooking experience. I can't think of one negative about this place. I had a great time. The service was great. great place for a date or to meet new people.
5	After hearing so much about this place but never being able to get here before, my wife and I finally made it here for my birthday a few weeks back.  This was the best birthday gift I have had in a long time. Here's why.AtmosphereMy wife originally made reservations just to be sure that we had a seat.  But when we got there and saw the lay of the place, we decided not to eat upstairs (the only area where they accept reservations since the first floor is cafeteria seating), and instead chose to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  This was the best seat in the house.  The first floor has an electric buzz and a cool vibe because it is open seating.  We got to experience that but at the same time, enjoyed the intimacy of sitting at the bar.  On top of that, we got to see every item being prepared.  This helped us not only chose our dishes but also gave us a firsthand look of every dish they made.  ServiceOur waiter Jim was about the coolest waiter I have ever had at any restaurant.  He wasn't like many other waiters/waitresses who often seem annoyed that they have customers at their tables.  He was super chill and laid back.  He engaged in conversation and answered all our questions passionately and offered help and advice that we didn't even realize we needed - like how to properly eat the beef tartare.FoodThis is what makes the place.  We got the octopus app along with the beef tartare app.  My wife normally isn't a fan of either of those proteins but she loved both, as did I.  The beef tartare really stood out.  It came on a bed of granny smith apple puree, seasoned with a super spicy pepper that was absolutely unbelievable.  Jim told us the best way to eat it was to mix the poached quail egg, the bone marrow crisps and the beef all together then dip it in the sauce.  Unbelievable!  For our entrees, my wife got the haluski (sp?) which was delicious.  It tasted very Fally to me, like something you eat at Thanksgiving, because of the butternut squash.  Regardless it was damn good.  I got the hangar steak.  I have never heard of hangar steak before so I have no experience with it.  All I'll say is that I feel bad for the next hangar steak I eat because it has enormous shoes to fill.  This was one of the best steaks I have ever had.  It was perfectly cooked with brown edges and a dark red, not bloody, middle.  The steak was super tender and juicy and was perfectly complimented by the "sides."  I don't remember exactly what they were, but there was some sort of porridge, kim-chi and some greens.  I just loaded each fork with every item and went with it.  I figured Chef Kevin Sousa knows what he's doing so I couldn't go wrong.In the end, that last sentence says it all.  The chef and the rest of the team at Salt are passionate about their craft and really know their stuff.  They have perfect food pairings cooked perfectly.  All you need to do is show up and enjoy.
4	I was in town visiting my sister and we made plans to eat at NACL.First off, the atmosphere is awesome. It's simple and interesting. Chalk board menus, while usually played out, really work in the space and waiters climb old fashion library ladders to make menu changes.We had a bit of a wait, but it's never a problem when you're with friends and the wine is flowing. The meal was delicious. The thing I remember most was the S'mores dessert. Very unique and tasty.I definitely recommend a stop in!
5	Don't be dissuaded by the negative reviews.  It's inevitable that some people just can't accept how great this restaurant is.  I get it.There is a great layout and atmosphere.  Downstairs is the bar and open tables for walk-ins, and the giant chalkboard menu on the wall.  Your mother won't need to get our her reading glasses to see what's for dinner for this one, folks.  If you want something a bit more intimate, there is seating upstairs, but that requires reservations.The service was friendly and helpful, and they made excellent recommendations.  Don't you hate the waitstaff that say, "Oh, the ribs are good, the sea bass is good if you like fish, and people like the gnocchi or the scallops."  Thanks, man, you just named your entire menu!  Nope, not here.The menu changes up a bit, but I am still raving about (and craving for) this salmon sashimi dish.  It was a play on lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel - the flavors were powerful - and it was in the genre of  Wylie Dufresne's wd-50.Listen, I don't get to go out much these days.  If I did, I would have way more than 1 check-in at this place.  Are you going to listen to the negative reviews and NOT eat here?  I think that would be foolish.  Let's make a deal: Eat at Salt of the Earth.  If you're not 100% satisfied with your experience, then send me a check for $100 -and I'll go back here to confirm that you're crazy.
4	Had an amazing supper here during a recent business trip to Pittsburgh.Staff was friendly and polite.  I sat at the bar, as I usually do when travelling alone, and the bar tenders knew their stuff.  They even have a custom Buffalo Trace Bourbon that was distilled just for Salt.  Let me say, it was amazing in an Old Fashioned cocktail.The food was great.  I decided on the Fried Oysters to start and went for the Hanger Steak as a main.  Both dishes were on point, and I was definitely happy with my decision.Check this place out for sure.
4	The food and menu were very good. Decent portions but not overwhelmingly large. Definitely not your average restaurant. There are only a few tables, most of the seating is at four 25 foot long tables. Also no menu's, everything is written in chalk up on the wall which I personally didn't care for but it was original...kinda. Anyway I will return. Service was good, parking was easy. Good place to go.
4	In Pittsburgh, we have a shortage of delicious, creative restaurants that are independently owned, and for that reason, I am a fan of Salt. I also want East Liberty to continue to grow and thrive, so I appreciate the location of this restaurant.That said, I've been to Salt about 10 times, and it's hit or miss (mostly hit). Sometimes the odd ingredient mash-ups work well, and create surprise and delight, and other times they fall flat. Still, I appreciate the experimental approach to food, so I am willing to risk it. Even when the tastes are a bit off, the dishes are made with expertise and care, so you feel an appreciation for food. And you learn something.
4	Now I've only been here once, but that one time did one thing very succinctly. It made me want to return again and again. I come from a family where when you call someone "salt" you are paying them the highest compliment, you are the best of people, you are totally tops. Even with only a single visit under my belt I feel pretty confident that the name does complete justice to both the menu, the ambiance, and the waitstaff.Foodwise we started with the fried oysters with pork belly+pineapple. The mixture of sweet and savory, simple and awesome was really delightful. Then for my meal I had the scallops which I'll admit were not exactly what I was expecting, but f@#$ what I was expecting this was several times more awesome. my companion had the lamb, which I think might have been a special, but I ate some it (I am not really a lamb fan) and it was mouth-gasm worthy. It was just exceptionally interesting and exceedingly enjoyable for my tastebuds. Dessert time we had the deconstructed smore which was crazy good. Whatever was in the homemade marshmallow I would do anything to repeat in the future, as it was life changing. I was visiting Pittsburgh because I'm considering moving there and our waitress was super friendly and told me about places she thought I'd enjoy visiting to get a true feel for Pittsburgh. Even though we were at the shared tables she went out of her way to come back again and again even if she wasn't delivering food just to provide me with additional information. At one point she came back with info from her staffmates, she had convened them and asked for more advise, why? cuz she was awesome. There was no reason she had to go out of her way for me, I'm just some random at the shared table, but she did, and she rocks and I'm kicking myself for not having her name handy, but her middle name was assuredly 'awesome'.So at some point between the amazing waitstaff, and the food which was just a swimming sea of flavors and interesting things mixed with other interesting things, combinations you wouldn't think of, that now you can't not think about (I dream about the smore dammit. I really do). I feel completely honest when I tell you this restaurant is a winner, a delight, and that a repeat visit I will continue to feel just as impressed and delighted by it. I think a repeat visit will probably have me bumping this to a 5 star rating, but I like to wait for 3 visit to be so bold.
4	Alright, so I finally got the chance to visit Salt after so many of my friends recommended the place, and eyeing it on Yelp. Tuesday night dinner, no waiting for seats, but still a good amount of people for a Tuesday. Had the choice of sitting at the bar or communal tables. Chose communal tables for more of the dining experience. Huge chalkboard, half drinks, half food. Had to crane my neck to read all of it, but it was fun. Ordered fried oysters w/ black eyed pea yoghurt, pineapple and pork belly, as well as the lamb tartare to start. Both starters were incredibly delicious and well presented. I recommend both.For main course, we got the Scallops on cauliflower puree, lentils, and Chinese sausage, and the Duck with carrot puree, assorted veggies and duck ham. The scallop dip was tasty, but nothing special. The duck itself along with the asparagus and fava beans were perfectly cooked and seasoned, although the carrot puree tasted like baby food. To end, we shared the Pineapple upside down cake with home-made whipped cream, and vanilla icecream with some French-press coffee. Delicious dessert, and the whipped cream tasted like it was infused with some sort of nut (mmmmm). Coffee was nothing to rave about. All in all, a good tasting meal, and pretty creative at that. Although, portion sizes are a bit on the small side for the price, especially drinks. Beer was served in the same glass as the cocktail... go figure. Service wasn't phenomenal, just the basics, and food service was pretty slow.
3	I laughed when Salt of the Earth's ambiance was listed as "Hipster" on Yelp. But yes, it oozes hipster. From the waiter's shirts (NaCl. Haha! Chemistry!) to almost every member of the staff having sleeved tattoos. From their chalkboard menu to their cafeteria-like seating. The chalkboard was cool, but weird since you have to crane your head over the people sitting next to you to see some of it. I did not like the seating. For a meal that added up to almost $100, I'd like my own table, comfortable seats (we sat on wooden blocks), and the feeling of not being in middle school. It looked like the upstairs section had individual seats, but that section is reservation only, and we couldn't get one until 10pm that night. Service: Our waiter was nice. It seemed like he was in a rush most of the time...so that, paired with the awkwardly open seating, made for a meal that wasn't intimate at all. I could barely hear my friend's words, I was freezing, and the waiter also forgot to give us water half of the time. Duck pate: For appetizers, we got the duck pate, which was easily my favorite part of the meal. And, it was a huge block of pate for only $6, which I thought was an amazing price. It came with apple slices, smoked onion puree, and a peach jam. The sweetness of the apple, onion, and peach offsetted the saltiness of the pate amazingly. My only complaint is that the cauliflower in the giardiniera was way too vinegar-y and tasted pretty nasty. Also, they only gave us 4 TINY overly toasted pieces of bread to eat the pate with. We asked for more and the waiter irritatingly said that they only order enough bread for the amount of servings of pate they serve (what???). Anyway, he came back with 2 more pieces, and said that he had to do some serious wrestling with the chefs for them. I ended up feeling guilty for making him get us bread. Then again, are they being serious? It's bread. It's not like we were asking for more pate. I got the veal. It came with salt cod, fennel, this lemon puree and sweetbread. I agree with a previous Yelp reviewer -- in attempt to be ultra fancy with their ingredients, they ended up putting way too many on the plate that weren't exactly compatible. Every bite was a workout -- I had to cut a piece of veal, a bit of cod, mix it with the lemon and sweetbread, and finally take a bite. Everything ended up tasting the same to me afterwards. The cod was my favorite part. They were super crispy and salty, which made up for my bland, almost over-cooked veal. Nonetheless, it was a generous serving.My dinnermate got the rib-eye, which he loved. His dish was much simpler than mine. It came with these mushrooms that were out of this world. For dessert, we got the pineapple upside down cake. The cake was a little dense, but it was great and flavored with pineapple juice. It came with ice cream and nuts, and fresh whipped cream. Yum!Overall, I thought the experience was disappointing. The service and the ambiance was not what I expected for a meal that was fairly expensive. The menu changes weekly.
4	Fantastic, innovative food at a fairly reasonable price. The vegan menu is creative but limited, but the drink menu is oh-my-goodness-I-want-a-bar-in-my-house inspiring.I am vacillating on this one: they lose 2 stars for not having a classic salad they'll serve vegan; sometimes you just want some raw vegetables, mm? But they get one back for eventually serving the salad-with-yogurt-dressing, with a delicious cucumber-only dressing.The seitan entree is outstanding. I've never been so impressed by a "kimchi". Ask the bartender for a drink pairing - you won't be disappointed.
4	What a fantastic space (big ups to an old CMU professor!) and a fantastic menu! Drinks menu and food menu. My cachaca cocktail was quite good, and then the rye one too. My friend and I shared the tofu entree and the seitan entree. They were both fantastic. The smoked salmon appetizer with a bit of cream cheese and everything seasoning was genius. The risotto with the parmegiano medallion on top was pretty interesting and very good, as well. I could go on and on, but you just have to try it to get how innovative and daring everything is. I would say the place has NY prices and is not a deal by any means, but it's good, so it is definitely worth it.Oh and the open kitchen is a big plus. I really like seeing the chefs-at-work, especially because the majority were quite nice to look at. :-)Yes, the menu being entirely on the wall is actually quite annoying. If there is a sun glare, you can't see half of it, and you do end up taking some of your neighbor's personal space trying to see the rest of it. They should consider making a paper menu for some of the staples, or at least for the drinks.
4	This is a trendy restaurant with a great atmosphere. The foods were great (if you are the adventurous type.)  But if you're not interested in eating pork belly, kimchi, duck, you might have a hard time. Salt has a Asian influence menu. A little pricy so prepare yourself. Dinner for two, with apps, dessert, and wine will put you close to $100 with tip. It also has cheap valet parking, which is great. Parking there sucks.
2	I thought this place was trying really hard. The food combinations were honestly odd, and thats okay if they work well together, but in this case, they really didnt. It took a very long time for our food to come, and the restaurant did comp our first round of drinks, which is nice. The pork I ordered was really hard to cut and chew, not at all tender. It was paired with a red bean puree, and a chorizo, farro salad. The salad was good, but I did not quite understand the puree. I heard the place was better before, but honestly it just didnt wow me. I would rather go to Point or Park Bruge for a nice pricey meal than here. I also dont like a place that is super strict on substitutions. While I get that substituting too much can take away the essence of the dish, to have no flexibility is hard.This was honestly the first place I have ever been to where I had trouble finding something I liked on the menu. Lastly, my friend ordered the scallops and said it tasted like a lean cuisine. Dissapointing and wont be returning.
4	Had a late night supper here a week ago.  It was my first time in the place.  I had a little difficulty finding it because the outside signage is not the greatest.  I had to ask the hostess the name of the restaurant once we entered.My friend had the pork tenderloin which was very tender and quite delicious.  I had the scallops dish and it too was tasty and quite good.  The portions are not huge so if you're bringing alone a big appetite, you might want to eat first.  I was somewhat disappointed in the drink offerings.  It seems they have very few mixed drinks (no margarita or mojito) so I settled on some sort of "punch" which was pretty good.  The atmosphere is, well, cozy.  You sit next to others (strangers) at a kind of picnic table.  I understand there is reservation only seating in the back but since it was late and we didn't have a reservation, this was not an option for us.I thought it was a little pricey.  My friend had a martini, I had two of the punch drinks and with our entrees, our bill (before tip) was $82.  Hmmm.All in all, the food was excellent and I'm sure I'll return.
4	Creative dishes, good cocktails, and good service. Casual but contemporary atmosphere. Casual dress.
4	I read the Yelp complaints with some amusement... from the staff tattoos to the odd food pairings, 'trying too hard'. What a bunch of  freaking idiots. Hands down the best restaurant meal I've had in Pittsburgh. There really wasn't anything listed food-wise that I wouldn't want to try, and everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed everything we had. My complaints are more specific about the food -- I thought the scallops with uni spaghetti had some issues. The serving plate made it slightly challenging to eat, and the three scallops varied too much in size and doneness: the largest being seriously undercooked. Also I thought some of the plating had color issues -- for example the vegetarian plates were blandly brown and there were a couple sick green gelatinous purees that were finessed flavor-wise but aesthetically unappealing in color and texture. I also saw the pinkest pork of my entire life. Had I ordered it I would not have been able to eat it. A little pale pink rose-colored is fine but this was raw in the center.But don't take my opinion - the next time I glanced at the pork it was completely eaten.  I didn't mind the communal dining situation but I was in the loudest group at the table and I could see how the other diners might be annoyed. Next time I'm in town I will definitely return and sit at the kitchen so I can watch the tattooed cult of chefs create the food they're obviously passionate about and make fun of the Pittsburghers who want something more simple on their bland palates.
4	Salt is one of those places JB and I have been meaning to try but just never got around to...until now.  We started off sharing the watermelon soup and tomato starter. The soup was perfect for a hot summer day, chilled to just the right temp with a kick of jalapeno for a little bit of heat and fresh herbs with every delicious bite. The tomato dish was beautifully presented, two large midsection slices in the center of the plate with herbs and micro shaved parmesan. Heirloom cherry tomatoes lined the edge of the plate with dots of dashi gel artistically scattered about.For entrees, I ordered the tofu and J the ribeye. My tofu dish was a work of art, carrot puree on the bottom with a sarsaparilla reduction. On its own, the reduction was overpoweringly sweet but mixing it with the puree achieved a succulent balance. The bright orange of the puree and vibrant green of the peas and asparagus provided a pop of color to the toothsome, smoky tofu. Toothsome meaning extra firm but still chewy, just the way I like it. JB's sous vide ribeye was medium rare, the fat was like butter and you could literally pull the meat apart with a fork. Three different types of mushrooms and baby zucchini accompanied the steak and were packed with flavor! I found myself stealing veggies off of the plate time and time again.We did not partake in dessert but JB did imbibe on some cocktails while I did not. The first was vodka with some chartreuse, the second he left up to our waiter and what Tim returned with was a jasmine tea, pink lemonade concoction that was amazing!! Tart and refreshing, boozy but not overpoweringly so. Needless to say, he had another.Bottom line is, this was a meal worth waiting for but we won't be waiting long to return.
4	Obviously, this is one of Pittsburgh's best...and certainly best at inventive, never before seen (in this area) cuisine. I love the tofu/seitan vegetarian options. Recently, I had the seitan with farro and all kinds of other stuff which was delicious. One complaint was that my boyfriend had the green tomato/cucumber/jalapeno soup and didn't realize it was cold. It makes sense since it's summer, he just didn't realize and was a little disappointed. Make sure to ask lots of questions about the items if you aren't sure!I have sat downstairs and upstairs and definitely prefer downstairs!Also...the Primitivo they currently have by the bottle was delicious. I also wish they had bread or some sort of free snack to start. I get it, it's not that type of place, but when reservations are hard to come by and you end up eating later or waiting for a table, having a snack is always nice!
2	never a full cocktail.
5	Loved the creative cuisine.  I loved the grilled peaches.  The food is artfully presented and the service is good.  They have a chalk board menu and it is filled with seasonal food and drink.  We ordered and shared a round of appetizers including a great beet salad, the grilled peaches with goat cheese and the a sushi like fish served on a wooden platter, and a tartar that was melt in your mouth good and came with a health warning for eating raw food - all artfully served with weird little sides that require explanation but make eating an adventure.  for entrees we had a big steak and mushrooms and a concoction of Saiten- it was too dry but the veggies and the grains were amazing.  The staff was very cool about us sharing.  I usually skip dessert but the food was so good I went for creative cake with sauce made out of things I never herd of- but it was good to the last drop.  I highly recommend- this place reminded me of the TV show chopped where the basket is filled with things I don't know but chefs turn into amazing creations.  Eaters note- many good beers on tap and they will let you taste a sample of the creative list.  Also my kids who like gourmet food love it here.
5	Read all the great reviews and couldn't wait to go here while passing through Pittsburgh on a long drive. Was as good as the press. Small, cool room and we sat at the kitchen bar where we could see the fab food being prepared. Of course, we wanted everything we saw. Amongst our group of 3, we had hanger steak, snails, amazing sweetbreads superb scallop dish -- all excellent. The peach/curried cheese salad was interesting, but not amazing. But all in all, it's a curated, edited place of interesting combos, great ingredients and a nice staff. Even the bar just has a few of the best brands which is nice -- really feels like someone is steering the ship. Wanted to go there on our way back, but alas, we passed through town too late. Can't wait to go there again. And being from NY, the prices were reasonable for food of this caliber. Also nice it's open till midnight which, in smaller cities, is often not the case.
3	Salt of the Earth makes delicious food. period. So why three stars? I left having enjoyed my meal, but nothing much beyond that. We were late evening diners and the service we experienced was sub-par. When asking the waiter for help selecting a main course, he plainly stated that he didn't know which dish he liked and that nothing stood out to him. It was sad really. In addition, the menu written on the wall might be difficult to read if you're at an end table closest to the wall and don't expect an overview from any of the staff. We felt rushed, the dining room was cold and the whole experience was a little dark.
4	Great second night of fine dining in Pittsburgh - chilled corn lemon basil soup, Black bass w/ a spicy creme fraiche and a finisher of a PA camembert cheese plate. Always love a smart, creative menu widely displayed on an interior wall. Will definitely be back. Oh yes, and the Big Hop East End craft beer was a great pairing for this meal.
5	I came with a group from work (7 people total) and we were seated immediately (downstairs).  Service was fast and knowledgeable. I got the bourbon cocktail to start, the tomato appetizer (subtle flavors but not bland), the seitan entree (YUM, crispy seitan with dirty rice and red beans!), a tequila cocktail, and the rhubarb dessert.Everything was great. A couple of the drinks my companions ordered were not as great (I didn't care for the gin or rye house cocktail specials) but the ones I ordered were really excellent.Would definitely come back (and possibly will do so tomorrow night!).
3	I was a little bit underwhelmed by this place.  I'm not a fan of the communal tables, even though I didn't sit at one.  Service was a bit slow, even though I was told I only had 2 hours until the next party would take our table.  The food items were rather diverse, each of which required some explanation by the waitress, who was not very forthcoming.  I would recommend the Escolar if they have it for an appetizer as it was excellent.  However, my main dish, which was duck, was extremely fatty and required a lot of chewing, so much so, that I actually spit some out into my napkin it was so bad.  Although I think this place is OK, sadly, there was nothing that I experienced that would make me want to return.
3	I came here for dinner with my boyfriend and had a good time. I ordered a duck entree, though I can't remember what he ordered, and it was perfectly cooked, though the flavors weren't that interesting. Perhaps we came on an off-night?I liked the ambiance and the service was great, I just wasn't terribly impressed after all the hype. We got to have our own table, which was nice, unlike the experiences of some others who got communal tables. There was nothing here that made me feel like I would especially want to come back, especially given the prices. I like that the menus are changed by the chef, and as I understand it, they make a big effort to buy locally, which is great. But still, the overall experience was just par for the course.
5	Salt isn't a place I come for a meal. ok, yeah it is. But! I come just as much for the EXPERIENCE. My BF was visiting from SF and I thought it would be a fun to try out something new together. We called for reservations on a Saturday night. 'Sorry,' they said, 'they were booked, but stop by since there were communal tables.' We went there around 8p and to our surprise, we were seated almost immediately (thanks!) We were so glad we didn't have any plans after too, because this meal was 2 hours or so and every bite was perfect. We had to wait a bit for the food, but hey, when the company is great, who cares? We couldn't decide on what to get so we decided to share a few small plates and an entree- best decision we made that night. We shared the escolar (my fave!), peach (i think), sweet breads, snails, and for the entree, the trout. At first I was uneasy about the 'general-ness' of the plates as I'm used to hearing all about how something is made before I decide. But all of that melted away as soon as I had my first bite.  Everything was so delish! Even with the trout that was prepared with few textures (I'm a textures girl) I completely appreciated the artistic expression of the chef and their craft. All the flavors were deconstructed, so every bite had a different taste to appreciate. Each chef also prepares the plates with their own flare, so no two plates will be the same. Salt is a place where you can trust your chefs!It seemed that our server planned each dish to complement the one prior and after because when we ordered the dishes, the server had suggested the order of our meal so we knew what was coming and when- I wish I had the server's name but thanks for the experience! I've been back about a month after this and the menu was slightly modified. I don't mind, it makes the experience more fun- I can't wait to come back again and try what they have in store for us!
4	So I came in on a busy night which is fine... But 40 minutes for a cheese plate to start is a little excessive. Luckily I didn't mind too much because I was waiting for my friend to join me.The bartender who served us was awesome and had some super great suggestions as far as food was concerned. I didn't end up trying any of their cocktails but I did have not 1 not 2 but 3 glasses of their riesling. YUM! Any who like I said in the beginning of this review I decided to start off with an "End" for my "Start" (oh look how rebellious I am) I decided to get the Cheese option which although says "BRIOCHE" is involved don't expect any to come out. Apparently the brioche is blended in with the sauce. And don't bother asking either. You aren't getting any! Onto my second course which I decided to get their Soup option which was a squash based soup. Natural all around sweetness from squash and very delicious you could probably get me to drink about a gallon of it before I got sick of it. Lastly on my dinner options I made my way over to my entree which ended up being the Sea Scallops and you know what that might possibly be the best scallop dish I've ever tasted. Plus, I think it made me a lover of kale and I HATE kale. So I know this review is short but I hit my points. Food Awesome. Service Great. Experience Delightful. But only 4 stars due to how long everything took. Sorry Salt!
1	This review is for Sunday brunch.First thing- You stand in a long ass line to order and pay at the bar. I don't know why it takes these people so long to order. They are only making one thing  -Ramen soup. Pick vegetarian, egg, or pork. As for drinks, pick beer or sake. Pay, take the beer and sake, silverware, glass, and water and sit down. Then you wait for them to call your name and you go up and get it. No one is there to wait on you. No one asks if you need anything or want something else. No one asks if you are enjoying your meal. And you certainly don't want to stand in that line again to order anything else.This was my first time at Salt. I was expecting a classy restaurant based on the reviews and prices. They supposedly have a good cocktail menu. I was expecting a nice selection of brunch cocktails- not a choice between beer and a shot of sake.This place was filled to the brim full of hipsters. It was literally like we ate at a soup kitchen. Waited in a long line for a bowl of soup. No waiter/waitress. Everyone was drunk and looked homeless. And still very hungry after eating just a bowl of soup. There is one difference from a soup kitchen-It costs about $25 a person.
3	The food is good, but this place is needlessly expensive. It's nice that it's open late (for pittsburgh) but it just needs to be cheaper.
4	I first walked into Salt of the Earth a month back. I had some cousins in from out of town and I needed to find a restaurant to suit their dietary needs. My cousin only eats seafood or anything vegetarian. I had heard before that it gets really crowded and that people actually sit on benches. I was surprised when our waiter took us upstairs to a table with a set of chairs. I recommend the Seitan dish with chick pea, rapini, balsamic and I also loved  the short rib with cauliflower, bearnaise, potato, and mushroom. We had a great wine from Chile: Terra Mater, Limited Reserve Carmenere, Curico Valley,2008.The waitstaff was very helpful and I loved the ambiance and the design of the restaurant.  Do yourself a favor and make reservations in advance!
4	We came to Salt of the Earth for the first time on Thursday night to celebrate my birthday. I had been meaning to check out this place because of all of the awards this place had won, and the positive Yelp buzz, and I wasn't disappointed. The decor was ultra modern, and my wife and I enjoyed being able to see into the kitchen to see the plates taking shape. We both ordered the soup for appetizers, then ordered the two vegetarian choices on the menu. The soup was fennel, apples, saffron and potato, in an electrifying fennel broth. It was light, refreshing, and unusual in the best possible way. My senses were delighted by this fennel broth! Dinner arrived and I chose the tofu dish, expertly prepared and very delicious with cauliflower pasta (who knew!?!), celery root, apples, chestnuts, and a dusting of Parmesan cheese. This dish was incredible, it tasted decadent and light all in one magical bite. I ate every bite and was sad (and stuffed!) when I reached the bottom of my bowl. My wife ordered the seitan dish, which contained chickpea fries, broccoli, and balsamic. It appeared to be the same way they prepare the pork dish that was listed on the menu. The seitan was well executed and I could eat those chickpea fries everyday and be a happy camper. They were less fry-like and more like tiny loaves of sweet, smooth, buttery hummus. We both agreed the tofu dish was slightly better, but the seitan was fabulous in its own right. We will definitely be back to Salt of the Earth, now that we've finally 'discovered' it. Glad to be on the bandwagon! I look forward to trying future veggie offerings.
2	I'm going to make this short and sweet. Not impressed.
1	My foodies group tried to make a reservation here for 12 and we were told that for any more that 8 people, we had to pay a $4000 "room rental" fee, that did include "catered" food but still outrageous.  That would amount to $334 per person with no choice as to what individuals wanted to order.  This restaurant is not good enough to warrant $334 per person.  Ridiculous pretentious attitudes, which seems consistent with some of the other reviews here.  I will not be going here.
5	A special someone was kind enough to treat me to dinner at this fine establishment one night.  I can say with confidence that this restaurant is in my top 3 among Pittsburgh area restaurants that I have been to.  First off, the overall decor and layout of this place is unique.  From the open-kitchen to the lavish bar both of which flank communal tables, this place is definitely not run-of-the mill.  We were lucky enough to be seated upstairs where the overall environment is a bit more chill.  One thing that I can't seem to get over is the fact that there are no printed menus-the food options are listed on chalkboards!  Even more, I'm told that the menu changes periodically to reflect the crops that are in harvest during any given point in the season.  Very hippie in my mind, but cool nonetheless. As soon as we sat down we were greeted by a friendly server who told us the specials of the day, albeit in a manner that was quite elaborate and gave me this sort of "wow this place is fancy" kind of vibe.  We started of our meal with specialty cocktails which were both fantastic.  For our entree I had the vegetable pasta, and she had the salmon. Both of which were wonderfully decorative in their appearance and quite exquisite in their taste.  We finished out meal with this chocolate mousse cooked with pie-crust--sounds so weird, but it tasted fantastic.  The meal was definitely pricey, but very much worth it.  This is a unique place that everyone should try at least once.  Highly recommended.
4	***Some of the dishes I had at Salt of the Earth were a little underwhelming, but there were still good things on the plate and the ribeye and salmon (with the skin on) looked very good***Salt of the Earth is a popular and relatively new restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Salt of the Earth is in a great space.  There are two floors of dining areas and this combined with the high ceiling really opens up the dining room.  The downstairs dining area is very simple and comfortable, but it is also sleek and modern with a good use of blonde colored wood.  There is a great chalkboard on one wall, which lists up the menu (the menu seems to be very spontaneous with frequent changes).I really like the upstairs dining area because you get a great view of the downstairs dining area as well as the kitchen as they both cook and plate.The menu features a lot of good ingredients with several interesting flavor combinations.  I started with the octopus, which was served with white bean puree, chorizo, crisp radishes, crunchy almonds, a cilantro pesto, and oranges.  The octopus was very nicely done.  It was incredibly soft and had a very interesting texture.  The octopus almost shredded like crab or braised meat.I did not like the chef's choice for the other ingredients on the plate though.  Everything was fine, but I was just not sure if all the flavors went together that well.  The white bean puree was also a little cold.Next came pork loin with a poached egg, farro and chorizo risotto, green tomato jam, pickled okra, and mustard seeds.  Like the octopus, the cooking of the pork was very good.  The pork was very tender and had a good amount of juiciness.  Once again, I was not a huge fan of all of the garnishes, which kept this dish from from being exceptional.  I also did not like the color of the dish.  Still, the plate definitely showed the talent in the kitchen.I did happen to see their ribeye special and salmon special and both dishes looked excellent.  The skin on the salmon looked crispy and flavorful while the ribeye had a great thickness and color.  The garnishes there also looked more traditional so those two dishes might have been better representations of what the Salt of the Earth kitchen can put out.For dessert, I had zucchini bread, which came with crunchy sunflower seed brittle, rhubarb sauce, brown butter powder, and fennel ice cream.  The zucchini bread was good--nothing exceptional but good.  The brown butter powder was interesting and I really liked the fennel ice cream--good, unique flavor and very creamy.  It was not my favorite dessert, but like a lot of the dishes at Salt of the Earth, it really shows the potential of this restaurant.Service was great--very personable and attentive.  The food came out at a quick pace.Prices were very reasonable given the high quality ingredients used and the generous portions.Salt of the Earth shows real potential.  There were definitely elements in each course that I really liked and I think if you order right here, you could probably have a very good meal.  There is definitely good sourcing of quality ingredients, a seasonal approach, talent in the kitchen, and a contemporary approach to the menu.  All of these pluses make Salt of the Earth one to consider for an upscale but still casual dinner in Pittsburgh (while I did not love Salt of the Earth, I would definitely give them another shot if I lived in Pittsburgh).You can find metered parking on the street.
4	I feel like my previous reviews are not super helpful due to the ever-changing menu at Salt, and after eating here five times now I feel like I can make some generalizations.Cocktails: Delicious, but sometimes a little boring in comparison to the food.Appetizers: Tartare, sashimi, soup, and salad are, in my experience, always on point. I've dabbled with some of the other things and had mixed feelings, from excellent (octopus, escargot, scallops, beef tongue) to interesting-but-not-sure-if-I-like-it (cockscombs, chicken liver) to I-want-to-like-this-but-I-really-don't (chawanmushi). Sometimes I feel like things go a little overboard and the food is weird just for the sake of being weird. After my last visit, I've vowed to always ask about the preparations--I ordered the lobster appetizer and what I expected was succulent chunks of lobster. What I got was a texturally disturbing cake of ground lobster. Even with the foolproof garnish of shaved truffle and chicken skin, I couldn't shake the feeling that I was eating really expensive cat food.Main courses: Compared to the adventurous appetizers, the main courses are less crazy. But simple doesn't make them boring, and I haven't had a bad one yet. I usually get whatever the steak or shortrib option is (favorite combo was with beet puree and bleu cheese), but I always try to sneak a bite of my dining companions' plates since just about everything else is awesome too. And the portions are larger than you would expect for this type of restaurant (good thing).Desserts: Like the appetizers, this is where things get a little weird again. Unlike the appetizers, which can be hit or miss, the desserts are usually a win. Strange custards, gelatins, and foams abound but somehow something as unappetizing as a celery sorbet or candied parsnips ends up being not only good but memorable.Overall, Salt earns its reputation as one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh, and the food being served here would easily cost twice as much in a large city. Some of their selections might be more successful than others, but at least the experience is always interesting!
4	Feels like being in a hipster wonderland.  Make sure to have a reservation if you want to sit alone.  Luckily I love the community table concept.  They post their menu on a chalk board high on the wall.  It seems a bit elitist in that you have to know that it's there, and old people have a hard time reading.  The food preparation and imagination is fantastic.  The menu is constantly changing, but they have a lot of the usual favorites (pork belly, tartares and sashimi).  Also have really great drinks and desserts.  A bit pricey, but worth a visit.
3	I went tonight (11/28/2012), and it was my first experience at this restaurant, though I've repeatedly eaten at Union Pig and Chicken, the other restaurant created by the owner.The food at Salt was on the pricey end, but tasty; the scallop starter was delicious, caramelized edges of the scallops light and savory on the tongue.  I chose the short ribs as my entree, and it was mouthwatering. The wild mushrooms and potatoes that came with it were excellent, a flavor I am going to be trying to recreate at home. My companions had the scallop dinner (large scallops as opposed to the bay scallops in the starter), and it was perfectly cooked (though we had some minor quibbles with the 'marmalade' it was seated in, which was actually more like an orangey cream sauce and jarred slightly with the flavor) and the pork, which was interestingly spiced and perfectly cooked, tender without being watery.The ambiance, as with Union Pig and Chicken, is almost nonexistent: no menus, and as our waiter shortly informed us we could either crane our necks to scan the slightly-too-shiny chalkboard that took up one wall, or "*If you HAVE* a smartphone, you can look it up there."  A bit taken aback by his attitude, we did so. It's neat to be able to see the kitchen in action, though I wonder if that's hard on the cooks, being both hardworking at their trade and also the evening's entertainment for those sitting at the bar?  My group of three sat at one of the long trestle tables, on simple wooden crate-style stools.  Nothing wasted in the design, but I liked that.The service was really pretty bad.  My waiter, a sneering white guy with short  and thinning blond hair, was brusque and impolite, dropping my silverware rather than setting it down, not even attempting to smile at me.  I'm really polite to wait staff! I know it's a hard job.  But he seemed to take one look at me (I'm betting it was my green hair, as I was dressed nicely enough) and decide to wash his hands of me entirely.  His attitude really detracted from my experience.Which was his loss in the end, honestly.  I'm a 30-percent-tipper when the service is good; and Salt is not inexpensive.  He missed out.Edit:  I have to say that the waiter's friends are doing him no service, nor do they reflect well on him, by emailing me such hateful things.
5	A brief update to my previous review. I have eaten there a few times recently, and I have been very pleased in almost every respect.The food can be spectacular - among the appetizers I still like their tartare very much and the yellowtail, of Japanese inspiration, was delicious - the apple mixed with the raw (?) fish was surprisingly successful. Among the entrees, the duck is invariably good, but I particularly enjoyed the sturgeon - first time I had this white fish, firm flesh, but less so than tuna or shark, and tender. The chocolate dessert with sesame and banana is fantastic. A few things could still be improved - it can be a bit fresh in the restaurant, and there is still no expresso. The coffee remains mediocre (see other reviews). I prefer eating in the main room downstairs than upstairs.
2	From UsingEnglish.com: "People who are salt of the earth are decent, dependable and unpretentious." Isn't it ironic that a restaurant with such a name would be anything but? Perhaps its an aspiration.At this price level (expect ~40-50 a person), SOTE gets 2 stars. Here's why:Atmosphere: Very nice, new money, love the communal tables and chalkboard. This makes a really solid play at being a kitschy restaurant from a bigger city. However, you do not play any Eminem with those prices on the menu. No excuses there, it made the whole place seem like nasty club on the south side. Change the station, get a playlist, whatever. Also, when you have "Tartare" on the menu, that's great, but you need to say of what. Tuna tartare? Steak? Chicken? Tartare is just a method of preparation, why would you leave off the type of meat?Also, the silverware is from IKEA.Service: Awful. First bad impression - best reso you can do is 930? I expected to see the place packed; instead, there were many empty tables. At least call us once you have a better estimate of when you can seat us. Then - you switched our drinks up when serving us. Then, you brought out a glass of wine that was for another table. Then, you brought out appetizers that were for another table, and served it to them after one of us cut into it (that has applicability for the health department). Then, the waiter cannot explain what's in the dish, so he mumbles his way through it. Food: Hit and miss here. The soup was good, the hangar stake tartare was great, the hamachi might have come from a can, and the duck was meh. I've had better duck. Good cocktails, though.I recommend Legume over Salt of the Earth; the same price level there was justified by fantastic service and good dishes.
1	Never again! The name of this restaurant is so untrue: "NOT of the earth" is more like it! After last night's meal, I feel like I was mugged while being smiled at.In short, two glasses of wine, a main course, and a split dessert set me back $61 + $12 for the tip (can't punish the waiter for the cruddy food). The entire bill was $122.In general: when I called to make a reservation, I got a lot of push back for requesting the time that I did. However, upon arrival, the place was ~25% full. What gives?the waiter, when asked for recommendations, without fail suggested the most expensive thing on the menu. From the wine to the starters to the main course. That feels like check padding to me. Our table was in the darkest, further corner of the second floor, above the kitchen. Aside from it being near impossible to see either menu without standing up or requiring binoculars, the table pulsated the entire time; I assume that this is because we were located above the exhaust fan of the kitchen. I felt like we were an after thought.My girlfriend ordered the soup. It was lukewarm upon arrival, they only gave us one spoon in spite of the fact that she had announced that she would share it, and the chestnuts in the soup were a soggy, chewy mess.Main courses. I ordered the pork. Let's just say that what arrived at the table appeared to have been cooked at approximately 4 pm, then was allowed to sit under a heat lamp in the intervening three hours. The pork belly slices were like petrified logs, chewy, hard, crusty. Not melt-in-your-mouth at all. The broccoli bits were dark, shriveled, and pathetic looking. The fried rice cakes - the highlight - were so hard, i couldn't stab them with my fork, so I had to eat them with my fingers. Classy. Finally, the blood orange/soy reduction had no tartness or sweetness, and was so salty, it burned upon contact. TOO much reducing! It was a disaster from top to bottom. Oh, and this is just my personal preference, but the crumbled pork was probably from Parma Sausage in the strip. Glad Salt buys locally, but I personally do not like the spicing mixture Parma uses, so that was a fail for me, too.My girlfriends dish, the short ribs, was much more palatable to look at, brighter, fresher, and more moist. Dessert was the "chocolate". This was the highlight of the meal, but for $9, a half a scoop of ice cream and a silver dollar of chocolate mousse seems...again, like I was being mugged! Come on guys, splurge a little! More than four bites for dessert, OK?At least they were good about refilling the water glasses, which about 98% of Pittsburgh restaurants neglect to do. The one star is for the water. Honestly, I feel like this place markets itself as so upscale, and it sure is lovely to look at. But peek under the hood and it's just a fiasco. I would like to think that this was an off night, but I don't want to get ripped off again to be proven wrong. Shame on you, Salt.
5	I was just perusing Yelp for highly rated restaurant ideas in PGH, and was shocked that Salt didn't make the top of the list.  I read through some of the negative reviews, and I think many of them are the result of incorrect, and inflexible expectations.I hate to spoil the surprises for anyone who hasn't been to Salt and would view a different restaurant experience as fun and intriguing.  However, I'd like to ward off some of the potential future bad reviewers here.  Salt is NOT a typical restaurant experience, particularly for a place like PGH.  If you demand a reservation, relatively normal-looking atmosphere and waitstaff, a typical restaurant location, and/or familiar food and cocktail ingredients and  combinations, an evening at Salt may be uncomfortable for you at the least, or very upsetting at worst.  Prices are also not cheap.  The location is on the fringe of a very rough area (which is great for revitalizing a local economy in the long term, but means you need to watch your surroundings when you park).  They do take reservations for the upstairs area, but reservations really aren't their model.  If you want the Salt experience, show up at 6, 8, or 10 pm around when the main dining room long tables turn over, have some cocktails while you wait, and enjoy a festive beer hall style dinner during which the complete strangers next to you might transform into friends over cocktail #3.  Food and drinks are inventive, and the ingredient list may include something you've never heard of.  Tell your taste buds to bring their sense of adventure.  The chefs at Salt are pushing culinary boundaries; the thing about taking creative risk is that sometimes it doesn't go as well as you hoped, but many times something new and marvelous is formed.In short, if you like Olive Garden or Ruth's Chris, this place is probably VERY far out of your comfort zone.  However, if you find yourself bored with the usual restaurant selection, you want to try  something fun and very different (particularly for PGH), and you don't mind splurging on a nice dinner one evening, I highly recommend Salt for you.Happy feasting.
2	Went for my second time and I was not impressed.  Food was ok.  Too pricey.  The atmosphere is great.  I just wish the food was as well.  I won't be back anytime soon.
4	Loved it!  It was a little dinner adventure.  I know not everyone loves the way the food preparations change at Salt, or how "weird" the combinations are, but I LOVED it.  If you want to know exactly how your food is going to taste, there are a million places for you to go.  Salt is more exciting, more daring, and more imaginative.  I had the risotto, the scallops, and the chocolate . . . and it was DELICIOUS.  My waitress was excelent!  She was pleasant, and patient; answering all of my questions thoroughly.  Everything came out exactly as she had described it would, and my beverage was always full.  The atmosphere was kind of trendy, but relaxed.  I loved the eclectic mix of musical styles.  Yes, it's true that the flatware was from IKEA.  I read on here that someone thought of that as a negative.  Again, I LOVED it . . . very cool utensils that I liked so much, I bought a set.  If the supplier of the silverwear is really something that will keep you from enjoying a meal, this place is far to cool for you. . . just sayin'.Bottom line, I can't wait to go on my next dinner adventure at Salt!
5	This is, in my opinion, the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Chef Kevin Sousa is slowly gaining national notoriety for his skills in molecular gastronomy, and rightfully so, as he is exceptionally skilled in his craft.  Bottom line:  you will not find another restaurant in Pittsburgh as creative, flavorful, or unique a menu as Salt of the Earth.  I have sampled numerous items from all of the restaurant's menus -- the starters, entrees, desserts, and drinks -- and never had a single bad item.  The lamb dish I had there is perhaps the single best dish I have ever had.The atmosphere is modern and pleasant, though if you want some additional privacy, you should strongly consider getting a reservation.  Reservations book quickly here, however, so call at least a few days in advance.My only caution to new diners is that this is a "no substitutions" restaurant, i.e., you can't change anything from the way they prepare it.  Some may see this as pretentious or frustrating, but changing a dish from the way it is meant to be prepared would be detrimental to the experience since every menu item is specially crafted using food science.If people in your party want something safe, simple, or to know everything that is on their plate, then this isn't the place to take them.  If you want a beautiful and unforgettable meal, this is the place to dine.
4	Oh hai, Salt. I finally got to try you out after booking a table on NYE.I have to break my review down into components because there were parts of Salt that I loved and parts that I really, really didn't like.The Food: Super, ridiculously delicious. At the same time, it wasn't necessarily better than meals I've had at Eleven or M&P, etc., which was a bit of a disappointed as I went into it with (probably too) high of expectations.The Drinks: Their mixed drinks left much to be desired; however, the wine and beer selections are pretty decent.The Decor: LOVED the downstairs. HATED where we sat upstairs. We felt so isolated, like we were the lepers of society who needed to be contained. And the chalkboard menu is a cute idea, but I'm not really amused when I tell my waitress I can't see the board because a table is blocking it and she tells me to find the menu on my phone. Oh, you trendy, Salt, huh.The Service: Our waitress was super friendly, attentive, and nice. I loved her voice, which may be a weird thing to say, but there it is.Overall, I would love to go back to Salt because the food was that good, BUT I would sit downstairs and only drink beer or wine. The downstairs was way more happening.Oh, and wtf was up with the music??? They started off playing classic rock (e.g., Pink Floyd) and randomly started playing house and pop music for like 15 minutes before they switched back. So. Effing. Weird.
4	I've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile, and we finally had an occasion to celebrate!  The fiance's BIG 3-0! Overall, I liked the restaurant.  The decor was simple, but the space is used really well and I really liked the balcony seating upstairs + more intimate tables.  Downstairs is also nice and open, with large community tables and the open kitchen layout.  It makes you feel like you're just hanging out with a bunch of friends.As you can tell, I think my favorite part of the restaurant was the atmosphere & decor.  The food was also good, but not the most amazing thing I've ever had.  Especially considering the price.I would suggest skipping the appetizer/small plates.  We ordered the Hamachi dish, which was good because you can't really go wrong with Hamachi.  But the flavors didn't really pop.  The entrees were great!  I ordered the lamb and it was delicious.  My fiance ordered the Short Rib and that was even better.  Both were really flavorful and uniquely prepared.  Cocktails/drinks - wasn't that wowed by my drink, which was a champagne cocktail.Service was pretty good.
1	You have got to be kidding.  What a joke.  The emperor has no clothes.  Don't waste your money.  The scallops were acceptable.  The "biscuit" was not even a mouthful.  The chocolate dessert was a flavorless blob. People of Pittsburgh, do yourself a favor, boycott this place and shut it down.
5	NaCl is unique different style restaurant.  A great addition the the food scene.  NaCL may not meet the high expectations of everyone and will not be liked by many due to the style of the restaurant and food.  A modern approach to design and food is sure to generate interest, great food and of course some interesting reviews.  Yes, it can be a little more expensive, too.Reading the menu off the chalk board is different to many but easy to do.  Our waitress was awesome.  Happy to go into detail about the items on the menu.  Also, always on the spot when needed or refilling water glasses. Came late in the evening and it was not real crowded.  Love the fact you can get a meal late, when many restaurant are closing or just serving deserts and drinks.  We had the choice of a communal table, one was completely empty or one of the bars.  Chose the kitchen bar so we could watch the kitchen staff.  Love to watch them prepare the meals and cook; like watching an artist at work.Some innovative cocktails and nice wine choices.  I just had some wine but the cocktails received good reviews from the others.  Start - ordered the Tartare - truffle, brioche, pancetta, quail egg with whipped egg white was tasty and had a nice combination of flavors.  Main course, the Lamb with carrot, couscous, raisin, harissa was just perfect. When our food was served the kitchen staff explained the meal and ingredients.  The kitchen staff also was willing to talk and friendly. To full for desert.
4	Lets see, My review history is akin to that of a born again virgin. I used to give it up (5 stars) so easy, but now it takes just the right restaurant to get the fiver.I had been waiting to go to Salt for a while, but always seemed to end up elsewhere. Kevin Sousa really has left his foot print on Pittsburgh, and seems to be rather polarizing by some standards.While I was waiting for my family to arrive, I had a drink at the bar with my girlfriend. Their cocktail menu looked pretty good, and I would actually go back there just to drink. I ordered the Rye. I love the matter of fact names for all drinks and food. The Rye was a great drink, and I am anal retentive about Whiskey. If I didnt have a bottle of wine in front of me, I would have loved to try more.My family ordered, and shared several apps: Carrot, Hamachi, Biscuit, and RisottoI think my gf and I were the only people that liked the Hamachi, but I love cured fish.The carrot and biscuit were both dripping with flavor and extremely delicious. The risotto was nice, but nothing spectacular.I ordered the lamb as my main, and also got to try the pork and duck.The lamb and duck were wonderful, and perfectly cooked. Both were succulent and juicy. The pork was also cooked just right.You can tell Salt has its food prep and cooking down to a science.Why 4 stars? Nothing really jumped out at me as otherwordly distinct in flavors. Everything was great, but not a memorable "oh man, I remember back when such and such was on that menu and DAAAAAAAAAAAMN that was good".
3	Very trendy place in a up and coming back of Pitt.  The food was really high quality but treated as far too precious than is warranted; I want to eat a meal not carefully dissect a peace of artwork.
4	They're extremely experimental with flavors, but I'm not sure if it all works well. I'm not sure if the food was worth the price, but the atmosphere is definitely amazing. I'm a big fan of the chalkboard wall menu and the open kitchen.
2	The staff was friendly and my water remained filled, but I found the menu situation obnoxious. It was difficult to read the chalkboard menus, especially upstairs where they were blocked by tables. The starters were tasty, but my most recent fish entree was underwhelming: the sturgeon was gummy and difficult to cut. At this price point, I'd only go back for drinks.
5	NaCl is very very unique. I was actually really surprised by the interior design of the space and the food was really great! Make sure you try the duck there because it's just perfect.
1	The worse! Far to much $ for sub grade food! $40pp price fix tough cold pork bun..no crab crab salad ...pudding right out the carton...good service and vibe....drink then leave...
3	This place is trying too hard!A friend of mine suggested this place and because I love trying new places and it had good reviews, we made a reservation and went as a group of 6 people.The food wasn't as great as I was expecting it to be. It was just very different (not in a good way). While I am usually an adventurous eater, the mix of flavors just didn't make sense! Besides that, the service was pretty bad, and the staff wasn't that nice to people!I really liked the atmosphere though, the sharing tables is a cool idea, and because of that only, I might give it a second chance and try to order "less creative" dishes!!
4	Everytime I go here it is an adventure.  I've had the weirdest (yet delicious) drinks as well as pretty interesting food.  The grilled peaches are well worth trying (you'll thank me later).  A little pricey for drinks but they tend to be good if you're willing to try something new.  Very great flavor combination.
4	I'm a fan of Salt of the Earth but I have some issues with it.The food is AMAZING.  I had the hanger steak recently and it was fantastic.  I usually order whatever fish dish they offer bc it is so amazing.my problem is they change the menu often and sometimes some of their entrees its like...just bc you can cook something--should you? cocks combs?  Skate (sting ray?)?The atmosphere is noisy and you need a reservation.  The service is SUPER SLOW.But the food is worth the wait and price.I warn you against the cheese dessert I had the other night.  It was a bowl of shaved cheese.  i'm game for anything, but a bowl of shaved cheese with orange marmalade in it was just...gross.  Skip the cheese dessert and order whatever meat or fish offerings they have, and you'll leave happy.
1	I'm really amazed that this place is getting such great reviews. It is TERRIBLE. The food is bland and overly priced. The amount of pretention in the air from the staff is unbelievable. The service is poor, wait times even with reservations are not acceptable. I guess when people don't know what a good meal is, they just jump on the band wagon when one person somewhere talks about a 'cool, hip place'
5	For my first visit to Salt, I decided to make reservations for the Victory Beer pairing, which was Salt's participation in Pittsburgh Craft Brew Week.  I am so glad I did.  They offered a 5 course tasting menu paired with 5 different Victory beers plus some free bling for only $55.  It was worth it.  I made friends with the couple I sat next to.  I talked with the Victory beer rep and I ate amazing food.  My favorite dish was the roasted and seared lamb over a curried carrot puree with fresh peas.  It was definitely the best lamb dish I have ever eaten.  The courses and beer offerings were so generous that I wasn't sure if I could make it the whole way through.  The service was absolutely phenomenal.  the staff was so welcoming and attentive.  I would definitely do this again.  This dinner made me very happy.
2	Note: I went with a group of people.  One is a fellow Yelper, and I very much got the impression that he'd give SOTE a 4 if not 5.  So take what I say with that grain of, well, salt...The menu was... difficult.  (1) The menu was DIFFICULT TO READ--sitting on a large chalkboard on a corner of the room.  (2) The menu was DIFFICULT TO DECODE--the menu items were pared down so greatly that you could have no concept of what a dish was actually like until you asked about it or ordered it.  Further, sometimes the menu left off parts that were important to some of us, like the "hanger" (aka steak) be loaded with bacon.  (3) The menu was DIFFICULT TO GET INSPIRED BY--each dish had something bleh sounding in it.  (4) The menu was DIFFICULT TO WORK WITH--Can I get the hanger without the bacon?  No.  Can I get the halibut without the shellfish?  No.  So they do not seem to do substitutions.As a result, there was only one main dish on the entire list of six or seven dishes that I could eat, and it did not appeal to me.  But that is what I got.   And indeed I didn't love it.  Tofu (pan fried very briefly, it seemed) with a dusting of something unrecognizable on top, on a bed of meh sauerkraut, with a few potatoes (simple and good), a few dollops of whole-grain mustard (standard stuff), and a few gherkins (severely out of place).  Not one of the better meals I've eaten--just warm and dull with notes of sourness.I did taste a bit of the steak part of the bacon-filled hanger steak and thought it was incredible; too bad I don't eat bacon.  I also tasted a small bite of the seitan and thought it was incredible, as well; too bad I didn't want to eat fried gluten.The appetizers were interesting--salmon with caviar on a bed of gelified celery, and then lamb and steak tartare with something crunchy/poppy in there.The desserts, like everything else here, were trying a little too hard.  Gelified rhubarb, shaved cheese over bitter marmalade, etc.The drinks, again, like everything else here, were trying a little too hard.The atmosphere was okay.  There are two floors--downstairs has big, bench-style tables (I never like these).  Upstairs has private tables.  We were a group of 7, and so were put upstairs where we indeed had privacy.  For a while.  Because soon another big group came in and they were sat next to us.  Big groups are loud, so it felt lame to put the two groups in the same room and so affect our good time (their conversation drowning out ours).  Especially because we were there for a celebration, and the other group looked to be there for the same.So overall, I just was not wowed.  The whole thing was trying a bit hard and it felt like often the presentation was more important to SOTE than the taste or price, when most diners want good taste and price over presentation.
3	Salt of the Earth is to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene as Apple is to computer technology. Overpriced, but you simply can't pass up trying the innovation... First, a guide to reservations at Salt.  DON'T make a reservation if you're with a casual group of people and don't mind sitting at a communal table.MAYBE make a reservation if it's a normal weekend and you would like a table to yourself in the upstairs dining room. DEFINITELY make a reservation if you're planing to dine on a special occasion or holiday. Moving on. Salt constantly changes its menu (except the drinks and desserts, but I'll get to that), which is a bit of a double edged sword.  On the plus side, patrons can never get bored.  However, this means that there is no "signature" dish that keeps loyal customers returning.  Previously happy diners can return to find nothing on the menu that they like.  My most recent visit was a decent experience. The wine list is diverse and the servers have an excellent knowledge of pairings. Ask away if you're curious what to drink with your dinner! However, as inventive as their mixed drinks are, I find that they 1. rarely change and 2. are way too sweet. Splendid appetizer of lamb tartare in a green curry sauce.  The best tartare I've ever had.  Very flavorful. My boyfriend and I decided to share the flank steak (with collard greens and potato salad) and the halibut (with mussels, radish, vermouth, and potatoes). The flank steak was just a teeny bit on the tough side, but otherwise very good.  The halibut was well-cooked and the sauce perfectly complimentary.  I could taste a hint of vermouth! However, the potatoes were very undercooked, which is a pity because I think the dish was otherwise amazing. Finally, even though the desserts are delicious, I don't understand the tiny portions! The dinners are all well-portioned... so for a minimum of $8, why aren't the desserts?Overall, Salt is a great place to go to try new and exciting food pairings, and the service is genuinely fantastic.  Everyone from the cooks to the host(esses) to the servers are knowledgeable and friendly! But for me, Salt's innovative dishes rarely elicit a wow factor that is worthy of the price.
5	One of my all time favorites.Both the cocktails and menu have a wide array of options, and having tasted so many things there, I can honestly say that I have never had anything that was less than fantastic.  The prawns, the flank steak, the softshell crab sandwich, the LAVENDER ICE CREAM.  I could go on all day, but I won't.  The flavors are unforgettable.  Bring an appetite and also, a big wallet. HahaThe wait staff was friendly, and the chefs were so courteous and fun to watch.  If you want to eat something unique, that you might only be able to get in one place, this is one of Pittsburgh's best.  I'd also like to address some of the poor reviews for people on Yelp who care about reading accurate reflections of a place that they'd like to visit:Use good judgement. If you have a discerning palate and discriminating sense for ambiance, I'm sure you'll be pleased with NaCl. All my stars are measured by Pittsburgh standards, let's be real. This isnt the Michelin guide.
4	Salt is an unusual, unique restaurant that I recommend.  The seating is unusual because they have tables and benches unless you sit at the bar or upstairs.  The food options are unique which makes Salt worth trying.  However, they like to prepare the food they way they want, so if you prefer your food cooked a bit longer be sure to make sure the waiter understands who is paying the bill and who the customer is.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed watching the show of chefs preparing the food in front of us, like at a sushi bar.  Our chef had prepared a celery sorbet that was outstanding and most unusual, which he gave us a small serving of even though we didn't order dessert.  I liked Salt and would go back if I lived in the area or will when I visit the area.
4	This restaurant likes to experiment with a lot of different flavors, many of which you initially think may not go together. Some of them work, some of them don't. I think the food is overpriced compared to the portion size. You're definitely paying for the presentation, as the food is very beautifully arranged on the plate. I ordered the duck once. It was very tender but after a while it started feeling kind of slimy and unpleasant in my mouth. Their menu is also always changing and they display it on a chalkboard on the wall. Overall the atmosphere is very classy, unique and interesting.
4	Came here on a Tuesday evening without any reservations or expectations. We had the veggie Pho dish and Tofu scrambled main course. The Pho dish was awesome! An awesome flavor bought about by a mix of herbs and seitan. The restarant had an amazing vibe with excellent crowd. The drinks were fun. The dessert options were limited though. Do go and check this out!
4	Salt of the Earth is a really good place with clever cocktails and a creative menu. The crab chili carrot spaghetti appetizer is excellent. It was clearly the highlight of the meal. It had a great scallion-y taste with a strong crab flavor. I liked it a lot.Sadly, everything else I had the opportunity to try wasn't as good as the crab. The Pho was a little bit bland. The tofu with parmesan curry was OK. The sunchoke/cashew appetizer was OK. My friend and I had the opportunity to sit at the chef's counter and we literally watched every great thing go by us one at a time. The shrimp over udon looked awesome. The halibut looked awesome. the duck looked awesome. I feel that my experience was the result of inexperienced ordering. Do not make the same mistakes that I have. Ordering wrong at Salt of the Earth is another bullet point in a long list of horrible regrets.
2	I went to Salt of the Earth with some colleagues without having ever really heard anything particular about the place. The general decor was nice and the service staff was friendly and professional. The backless benches on the first floor, while suitable in a setting like a night-market in Taiwan, were not a good idea for a restaurant that functions at a more leisurely pace. So if you want to take your time and enjoy your meal, ask for the second floor where they have normal seating options.The menu is seasonal, so your experience with the victuals at Salt of the Earth may be very different. But my duck was bland, dry and overcooked. I had the impression that it was intended as a gateway introduction to waterfowl for people who have never enjoyed anything beyond beef burgers, steak and chicken nuggets. The portions were also puny and there were no side dishes (e.g. salads/soup) or bread. While no one in my party would describe the food as being bad, no one thought the food was remarkable and frankly should not command the menu prices. My experience was that Salt of the Earth was a pompous restaurant that seeks to convince you that it is "fancy" by its decor and elevated prices instead of impressing you with its food.
5	Our favorite "NEW" american restaurant- no doubt. My husband and I love food and since we are from very different background, our kitchen is itself multi-cultral fusion style. We appreciate salt in that they actually put thought and creativity into their food, not merely putting food of different ethnicity style together.  It's like, food outside of the box, but in a good way. Even their desserts are outside of the box. Having a wife who is home patisserie who can come up with a new kind of dessert every week for more then a year, my husband gives their dessert an "Amazing." Not recommended if you don,t have a adventurous taste of new food though. By new, I don't mean food of different cultural (  like sea cucumber or steamed stinky tofu- which I consider old, in the sense they have been appreciated in part of the earth for a long time), but new - creative and vibrant!
5	Vegetarian review: Amazing food. Rotating, seasonal menu. Inventive and delicious cocktails. Great wine list and good beer selection. Knowledgeable servers. Reservations recommended.
4	Not quite what I expected. A modern space, no reservations for the main floor but you can make them for the upstairs dining room, but the upstairs doesn't really have much ambience. Supposed to be the molecular gastronomy place in Pittsburgh but not clearly evident in all the dishes, Among the thee of us tried the hanger (very good), tofu (good), and salmon (good) entrees and the chocolate cake (very good). Had the Ginever and Bourbon cocktails which were excellent. I liked it. My wife and daughter not as much (thought it was a little too pretentious). It ican be a careful balancing act of being creative without going overboard.
2	I had been looking forward to going to Salt for months and months and had not been able to get a reservation.  Finally, we were taken as guests and it was terribly disappointing.  The soup was excellent.  My entree was cold (!!) and I felt it would be rude to send it back, since we were guests.  Incredibly overpriced.  Service was smug.  I have no desire to go back, and we eat out a LOT!
5	Best restaurant in Pittsburgh; hands down. Awesome culinary talent on the part of the kitchen, matched only by the exceptonal level of service the entire front end of the house provides.
4	I came here with my boyfriend's parents and was very happy from start to finish. The starter salad was colorful, with a good mix of textures, and just the perfect light amount of dressing that highlighted the vegetables. The scallops that I had for my main was perfectly seared (nice and brown on the outside, still juicy on the inside) and paired in an interesting way with kimchi. We sat upstairs, but the downstairs main area was bright, open, and inviting. Modern, but unpretentious,Nota bene: If it had been me footing the bill, I might have stronger opinions about the place, because the meal was certainly not cheap. But a happily-fed girl is a happily-fed girl.
2	This was a big disappointment.  Of course we had heard and read about all the hoopla and fan-fare.  Finally, got to try it.  While things started well enough with the two starters we ordered, the mains were big disappointments,  Style over substance, both figuratively (it looked better than it tasted) and literally (there were only *3* scallops for a $29 plate... that's almost $10/scallop!).  Even more disconcerting, as there is an open kitchen, we had observed our scallops-order sitting for abut 7-8 minutes while they caught up with our steak order.  When they delivered it, the scallops were cold.  We told the waitress.  The waitress said, "Let me take care of this - they will cook you a new one."  We saw her tell the chef, and he looked angry.  Then, as we observed, the chef only warmed up the two scallops in an oven and then slapped it back on the plate!  That's not re-cooking, that's re-heating--Applebee's style!Not what you would expect from a restaurant that is this hyped... the pretentiousness, observed when you watch the kitchen, unfortunately shows up in ugly ways on the plate.
3	I think this restaurant has a lot of potential but has some issues with execution.The cocktails are outstanding. They are fresh ingredients and well balanced. The price is what I would expect to pay in Washington DC (where I am from - was just in Pitt for a weekend), but a tad pricey for Pitt. However, the quality of the drink was very good, so that was fine.The wine list was very well selected. Lovely array of wines in red and whites with some nice diversity. We had the shrimp as an appetizer. I didn't care for it. Too much melon to shrimp/sauce. The chili peppers were not evenly distributed on the creme. However, I did try the steak tartare that another diner in our party ordered and loved it.I ordered the pork belly. That was outstanding. However - here's where the execution comes into play. My friend also ordered the pork belly. Her tomatoes were refrigerator cold. Mine were piping hot - which I loved. Another friend of mine got the chicken, which came out cold and had very little seasoning. Another friend got the hanger steak. I was expecting big things - and I was disappointed. The steak was very tender but had no real seasoning. One of the sides that came with was very good, the other was bland. One of us got the scallops, which just didn't have enough food compared to the steak dish and the pork belly dish...or even the tile fish dish. The tile fish dish came out hot with a cold veggie/salsa side. Again the side was refrigerator cold and just tasted like someone had left out a step in the kitchen.I also noticed that some of the dishes came out very quickly and others were very, very slow - so there seemed to be an inconsistent prep time on the kitchen.What I LOVED were the desserts. Everything that we had (we got one of everything) was fantastic. The cheese dessert was unbelievable and we ordered two. It was blue cheese with pear, basil, balsamic and on a coffee biscotti. AMAZING.The waitress that we had was EXCEPTIONAL...as was the hostess. We were table hopping quite a bit (large group, limited seating options) and they worked with us every step of the way. They worked with us on cashing out, were attentive - all around awesome.So in summary - great concept, mediocre execution of the food, but terrific execution on the wait staff/hostessing.
2	Salt of the Earth was one of the restaurants I had been meaning to try before leaving the Pittsburgh area, so a group of us got together to try it out.  We weren't able to get a reservation so we decided to try the first floor.  As a side note, the entire party must be present to be seated.  My husband and I tried to arrive early to put our names in.  It wasn't an issue since there was plenty of seating available.I wasn't a big fan of the atmosphere.  The communal seating is fine, but everyone was craning their necks to see the menu written on the wall blackboard.  The menu itself leaves something to be desired and could use some verbs.  It would have been nice to have a better idea of what will be your entire dinner.  I think most of us were surprised at what we ended up with.The food was okay.  I had the tofu curry (farro, chard, parmesan, curry).  It was good, but it didn't go above and beyond the way I was hoping.  My husband had the pho and felt similarly.  We could have gotten the same thing elsewhere.While the experience was definitely interesting, it wasn't really one that I care to repeat, especially at that price tag.  I'm glad I went, but if you are looking for truly inspired dishes and want a great dining experience, I would try Legume or Root 174.
4	A pleasant surprise!  Able to get 8 people there on a Saturday night (before colleges start) and had a great meal.  Wine list was very good and not too pricey.  I had the fish with chicken skin (yes, it is not a mistake) and it was absolutely fabulous.
4	BJ surprised me by taking us here for our 5th anniversary celebration.  The restaurant was barely half filled on a Thursday night.  BJ had reserved us a table on the mezzanine, which was really nice.  I liked the view from up there including the open kitchen.  The space in not cluttered and seems zen like to me.Adam was our server and he was kinda fun.  He was helpful when we asked for his suggestions and was attentive the entire evening.  We settled on drinks and an appetizer, the shrimp with cantaloupe, cucumber, chili and mint.  Not a ton of beer choices, but BJ enjoyed the spruce ale.  I had Ginever, Wigle, cucumber, eucalyptus, lime, & rose water.  It was pretty spectacular. For our meals, BJ got scallops and I got chicken.  BJ's was perfectly prepared and mine was awesomely moist.  My dish was quite larger than BJ's and he was kind enough to help me out.For dessert, we shared a peach cobbler with popcorn ice cream.  Loved the flavors.  We really an a great romantic evening here.
2	Overpriced, overhyped, "smoke and mirrors" restaurant.  Sloppy kitchen - which everyone can see.  Dishes don't make sense, and are inconsistent in preparation.  If you are going to have a restaurant and label it as upscale food - then by all means, do it.
4	I am in love with everything that is Salt Of The Earth. The interior, the ambiance, the bartenders and the food. It's a foodie's destination. Yes, it's pricey. Yes, the portions are small. But godamnit, my mouth enjoyed everything and didn't want to stop. We ordered the Spaghetti appetizer, Tartare, Scallops and Hangar steak. Spagehtti - though just a fist size - was awesome. Tartare - fresh, clean and flavorful. Scallops - yes, there's only 3 - were amazing with the sweet potato and kale. Hangar - good god. Cooked rare and sous vide to perfection. Go enjoy and experience some delicious food. Don't go if you're expecting Bucca di Beppo portions.
3	Fun dinner spot!  Although I don't typically want communal seating out for dinner, SOTE wasn't busy so it wasn't an issue. We loved our waitress - friendly and terrific, taking lots of time to explain the menu's spartan descriptions (there is no hint of how anything is prepared, the ingredients are just listed on a chalkboard).   The food seemed kind of hit-or-miss.  The shrimp app was bland, except for chili, and at that point, the only flavor is chili, and the app wasn't liked by any of us..  Spaghetti app tasty - pasta w a garlicky sauce.  Agnolotti app delicious.  I was sorry to see no salad of any kind on the menu.  The chicken fried mushrooms - so tasty! Loved those mushrooms! I'm sure it was a million calories - deep fried, battered mushrooms w biscuits and gravy.  The hangar steak entree was pretty good, romesco sauce spicy, but the swiss chard was a bit hard to deal with as it was tough and stringy.  Loved the corn ice cream w popcorn garnish, but didn't see how the bland peach sorbet improved the dessert.  Peach flavor seemed out of place.  All in all though, a mostly tasty, fun dinner in a fun atmosphere.  Rather expensive - without cocktails or wine, our dinner for 3 (app, entree, dessert) ran $150.
2	Ouch! How it hurts to loose your favorite eatery.  I chose to spend my birthday at SALT and I also decided to try everything on the menu.  It was totally clear that there was no chef in the kitchen and the sous and prep chefs were supper sloppy.  The only good dishes were the ones that could not be hurt- the tomato soup was great as was the Hanger steak and the tartar, scallop and the shrimp were fine too.  All dishes that required actual blending of flavors and creative prep failed.  There was also a big issue with presentation and portion.  I like small sized dishes but tonight I felt the kitchen was trying to skimp and we were eating the menu so we had lots of extra plates floating around but we all left hungry and it was not possible to share most dishes even more than a taste to your neighbor.  This killed my concept of grazing.  The worst pothole Penn Ave disaster was the Chicken Fried Mushrooms which had to have been left sitting under a warmer while other dishes were being prepared because it was lukewarm and the gray gravy formed a thick blanket of unattractive mass on top of fried greasy mushrooms.  This dish killed a perfectly good mushroom the only saving grace was that they included so few mushrooms.  The kielbasa stuffed muscles were a creative thought but the meat overpowered everything else-  I lost anything seafood except the shell.  The final stab was the slab of thick cut bacon that was passed off as Pork Belly- three parts fat is a portion that should be put aside for ingredient not entree.  The servers seemed disinterested although they were pleasant.  They never asked how we enjoyed our meal- so I never got to tell them how disappointing it all was.  If they had been any where near by or checked into customer care they could have heard or seen the reactions.  Because my company was so good I had a good night despite the bad food and I did like the more quiet setting of sitting upstairs verses the hustle and bustle of the downstairs. The metal chairs were not comfortable in fact they were less comfortable than the wooden benches downstairs. I hope Chef owner Kevin Sousa checks in because this is a really bad sign of things to come and my birthday dinner broke my culinary heart.  No espresso served here either and we skipped the dessert which I usually liked because we baked our own cake. Looks like I am taking SALT out of my diet.  Total waste of great ingredients.
4	I came here in February for a recruiting trip and after a lot of hotel food and a few people recommending this place, my co worker and I joined. We made an early last minute reservation and were seated at a communal table near the door. This was a bit cold so we decided to move to the bar area. This was also good because I like a back on my chair.We split a few things, the pork belly left a mouthwatering imprint in my memory. Cocktails were fun and creative.The menu changes frequently and is written on a chalkboard. I didn't go back this last time, food reviews seemed inconsistent as of late, but the space and idea was cool for pit, so hope they can pull through.
2	During the past month, a dear friend of mine bought me many meals while I was broke and waiting for my checks to come in from the university.  I told her that when I got paid I wanted to take her out, and that she could choose the place.  She had heard mixed reviews on the salt, but decided we should try it anyway.Upon arriving we were pretty impressed by the ambiance; I enjoyed the lighting, but did not like the table we were sat at.  There were a few options for seating:  some bench-table-like-things,and some tall chairs with a more personal-sized table.  We sat on the benches.I found myself focusing harder and harder on keeping good posture , butfailing miserably without any back support.  The hostess was nice, not overly present and helpful in describing the dishes to us.I ended up getting Chicken with arepas, beans, pork and cashew, and my friend got the Hangar steak.I feel that the size of the portion was good.  It was more than enough to fill me up, but nothing like you would expect at a place like the Cheesecake Factory.  Of course, this is to be expected here.The Chicken with Arepas was obviously a play on Hispanic food, and being Hispanic myself, I can say that I've had similar dishes at home that were much more flavorful, and no where near as expensive to make.  My chicken was cooked in some unusual way; the texture reminded me of boiled chicken breasts.  I would have preferred grilled.  The corn-cakes were cooked nicely-- crisp on the outside, not grease-saturated, fluffy and warm on the inside.  The beans and pork weren't bad.  Not overly seasoned.  Again, nothing was particularly flavorful.  I feel like something as simple as a squeeze of lime over the dish would have made it that much better.What brought my experience down was that I paid $29 for a plate that did not leave me wanting more.  When I bit into my food I didn't find myself at a loss for words, or thinking, "oh my god!  This is delicious!" It was more like, "meh..It's not bad."  I feel that when paying near $30 for a plate of food it better be approaching the ****ingdelicious point and nothing less.Sadly, I wish I could have taken my friend somewhere else with the $60 dollars we spent on food tonight, but you live and learn.
3	Nothing will justify spending so much money on something so average. We were both extremely excited for the food since everyone was telling us to go but we were horribly disappointed.  My friend treated me to the dinner so I felt especially bad that he had to spend that much money on food that we weren't into. He got the chicken while I got the hangar steak. There wasn't anything particularly wrong with the food but there was nothing special about it either. The steak was good quality beef but nothing kept my interest. I actually got pretty bored of the food...The ingredients weren't impressive at all - beans? Like the beans from a can type beans? The service was fine, nothing to comment too much about. I think the extra star is for amount of effort that they put to enhance the ambiance in the restaurant. I just wish that the food matched the level of swank that the restaurant embodied.
4	I am reserving the fifth star until I head back here again for a full meal.We went here after the craziness of the Duck and downtown gallery crawl.  We arrived around 10:20 p.m. and the late night menu which we had our eye on started at 11.We decided to order a few cocktails and appetizers until the late night menu kicked in.  I tried the vodka cocktail and sampled the gin and the punch from others in our party.  The vodka cocktail was delicious with a wonderful hint of cinnamon.  The punch was delightful and tasted like mango nectar (dangerous, I could drink a dozen they were so good). The gin cocktail was much spicer, but still well balanced and delicious.  The first appetizer we ordered was Steak Tartare  with mussels, cilantro, nuoc cham, peanuts (description from website).  It was amazing.  The tartare  was fresh, cut perfectly and deliciously enhanced by the accompaniments.  The mussel was one of the tastiest morsels I have ever eaten.  We also ordered the Sashimi with squash, apple, wasabi.  The sashimi was hamachi and it was delicious.  Tender, fresh, wonderfully accompanied by the squash and apple.We sampled the entire late night menu.  It sounds like a lot, but really only had three items: A burger, Korean fried chicken, and popcorn.  The Korean fried chicken was perfectly fried, not greasy, covered in a delicious sweet and spicy sauce.  The burger was outstanding! I can't say enough.  It was juicy, cheesy, spicy, delicious and the popcorn was great as well, deliciously seasoned and almost simple. I can not wait to return and try more of this innovative and delicious food.
5	This has been one of the most consistently delicious restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh.The dishes are all quite unique, amazingly presented, and have complex flavors that make you stop and think about each bite.The cocktail list is equally well thought-out, and every drink of mine and my friend's that I've tried shows a well-crafted, balanced beverage with the most careful preparation.Yes, it can be pricey. In my opinion, it is worth it.My only complaint - trying to read the menu can be a bit frustrating. They provide it online to view on your cell phone, but that's a bit of a nuisance. Though my father, being quite far-sighted, quite liked the chalkboard wall menu.
5	I come here for one thing, and one thing only.The cheese burger.It's unbelievable. To the point where I didn't even want to write this review because I don't want it to get crowded after 10pm. That magical hour on weeknights (11pm on weekends) where this magical cheeseburger is crafted and distributed.Drinks are tasty, but oh Lord, that Burger. It's immaculate. I eat every morsel. My vegetarian friends have broken their veggie vows and caved to having one, and it's without an ounce of guilt.Without a doubt the best burger I have ever had. I'll keep coming back until they change it or shut down.
5	I had the Ramen vegan style and LOVED it!  Expertly flavored food and presented beautifully!  The Ginever drink was perfect and highly memorable.  Can't wait to eat here again!
5	Great place, awesome food and drinks. Our waitress (can't remember her name, blonde tattooed) was right on point. Recommendations were beautiful!
4	great selection of plates - there's something for everyone here. a little bit on the pricier side but am glad that restaurants like this caliber are making their way into Pittsburgh. fantastic drinks and ambiance makes for an awesome place to hangout and knock back a few craft cocktails.
5	I've been eating at this restaurant for the past two years and have never been disappointed. Salt of the earth is always consistent in having fantastic food that is beautifully prepared. Even the late night bar menu is amazing! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone that appreciates trying new things. The staff is always very friendly as well. GO or you will regret it!
4	Went with a friend on a cold, mid-week night.  On getting there at 6:30 it was almost empty, and we were asked for a preference on seating, we said at the kitchen and were seated immediately.  The sashimi appetizer was very good, it came with a jalapeno foam, dried kimchi, and dried bits of cauliflower and a bit of avocado ice cream that made for an interesting accompaniment.Entrees were hanger steak and the prime rib.  The hanger steak came perfectly done and sliced on a squash puree (I wasn't looking forward to that, but was very pleasantly surprised at how it made a great sauce for the meat) and gnocchi, I didn't realize until later that I hadn't picked up the knife at all, everything was tender enough to cut with the fork.  The prime rib was a substantial cut that was also perfectly done, and came with their variation of yorkshire pudding that was hard to describe, but seemed more like fluffy, rich dumplings than the greasy mess that you often get elsewhere.  Dessert was the "Millionaire's shortbread", a shortbread cookie covered in chocolate with some other items I've forgotten (it's been 2 weeks since I was there), but it was also quite tasty.  The only complaint was that other than the prime rib the portions were on the smaller side, and the prices were a bit high, particularly for the starters and the dessert.  The menu was directly behind us so it was a bit awkward to read, and even then understanding just what it all meant took a while.The waitress was very helpful and patiently answered all of our questions.When I go back the hardest decision will be whether to go with one of the entrees we had or to try something new.  The counter by the kitchen was a great place to be, and it looked like we picked the two most popular dishes that night, probably 3/4 of what we saw go out was one or the other of them.
5	Possibly the best and most creative restaurant in Pittsburgh. Great food style and combinations. Fantastic drinks and decor. Would recommend reservations or you will wait or get a communal table.
5	The food is great here.  Get a seat at the kitchen bar, and you can see the entire process of preparing the dishes.  The nice thing is that you can come as you are, and they have communal tables.  High class food, but not pretentious in any way.  You may pay a bit more than you're used to, but it's worth it!
2	Cool place. Hit or miss on the food. We had some duck that was off the charts good and some risotto that was horrible. I've literally never had bad risotto before, but this was completely tasteless. Cocktails were tasty, but didn't seem to have an alcohol in them. Waitress wasn't completely on her game.
5	You'll see me here next time I'm in Pittsburgh. And every time after that.Decor is like one of their dishes--a wild mix of communal tables, two bars, and a hidden upstairs for reservations. I'll opt for the food bar next time; the drink bar is too cramped and  faces away from all the action, including the wall menu that is annoyingly difficult to read. Service was spot on, questions and engaging without interference. And they confirmed which dish I wanted first, always nice.My first drink was an absolute failure.. fernet  too light, the ice chipped so finely and the glass jammed so full that you'll use your teeth to filter it out. It's a chore. Went off menu next with a french 75, which happened to be the best I've drank, ultra delicate and even fruity right down to the snaking S-shaped lemon peel garnish.Cue Pacino from Heat: the food will kick your mother* ass. Tartare is amazing if done "right". This isn't but it's still awesome. Perfectly chopped. The chok sauce adds light tang. Peanuts add woody notes without blurring the texture (which they do at M&P). The mussels add salty weight without any contrasting sea notes. The pickled carrots and daikon round out the texture with a crunch though the daikon can overwhelm.That was the weaker of my two dishes.The sashimi is better than amazing. It explodes with flavor while knitting a textural medley so delicate you'll forget how much is on the plate. Pillowy avocado puree is softer and less oppressive than any seafood garnish I can remember. Sour dehydrated kimchi awakens your buds with a crunch. The fish sparkles with freshness, folding over your sticks with soft weight. The jalapeno foam dances over all of it with incredible grace. Perfect use of foam. Perfect integration. A masterpiece dish among that rarefied company of plates where you wake up during and sadly realize it's half gone.
1	I hadn't been to Salt for about a year. Maybe we visited on am off night, or maybe this was indicative of how Salt is now, I don't know. But, put simply, the four dishes we ordered (two starters, two mains) verged on inedible. I want give details, because, frankly I'd rather not relive this unfortunate culinary experience. The flavor combinations were really quite off, and even simple things like a piece of braised beef tasted either bland or just not appetizing. This is still a pretty hot restaurant for Pittsburgh, and has a well-earned and deserved reputation. Maybe it was an off night. But that's not a good excuse for a $140 dinner for two. This is an expensive place for Pittsburgh and it just didn't live up to its reputation. Unfortunately it will take a lot to get us to go back to Salt. To some diners it might still seem cool, inventive, and exciting cuisine, but I disagree.There are too many other great, worthwhile dining options in Pittsburgh now. If you want innovative, higher end cuisine try Butcher and the Rye, Bar Marco (and its basement wine room tasting menu experience), Cure, Spoon, and many other fine restaurants. Salt needs to up its game to be on par with the newer top restaurants of Pittsburgh.
3	Coming from Denver where farm to table food that's cooked in a super awesome way is very common and not overpriced, this place seemed very insanely priced. The staff was great. The portions were super small but tasty.Not sure how to really put this because I know for the area this place is awesome but just seemed super overpriced for what you got.
1	Walking out of the restaurant, I am still in disbelief at what major disappointment NaCl  was. Having heard rave reviews about the restaurant, I have wanted to try it ever since I moved to Pittsburgh.... I guess that is probably the reason I find it harder to digest how bad the food was. I kept hoping that the next course would be better... ALAS that was not to be. The place has a wonderful decor with community style seating and dim lighting. However reading off a chalk board is not my idea of upscale dining. The poor quality of the handwriting, with items erased & rewritten over,made reading that much harder. Though I was informed promptly by the waitress when I asked about a paper menu that I could look up the restaurant's menu on my smart phone or I could walk up to the chalk board to see better. ( WHAT????)For a Friday night it wasn't that crowded which was wonderful. I don't think I would be particularly fond of having some stranger sit extremely close to me & have to talk over their conversation to be heard by my dinner companion. We started off our dinner with cocktails. I had the sparkling negroni containing moscato wine, which was strictly ok. It started off sweet but left a bitter taste at the end. The hubby got the rum cocktail which was nothing to right home about. For starters we got the beef tartar & the sashimi. I think the sashimi was probably a little more flavorful than the tartar which didn't have too much flavor wise. For our main courses we got the barmundi(seabass) & beef. The barmundj was decent... Other than having some salt,it was pretty flavorless. The shallots were the best part of this dish for me. The beef was well seasoned & perfectly cooked.... The best meal of the night... Though I have eaten better at less steep prices. For Dessert we got the millionaire's shortbread... Or should I just saythe Salt Ball instead... Coz That's what it was. Salty peanuts & salty pretzels over a salty peanut Carmel base. The Result: an inedible plate of Salt concoction. I truly wanted to love this place but unfortunately true to its name, all I walked out of the restaurant with,was only the overpowering taste of NACL.
2	If you want a place to come to for the environment then this is your place.  If you want good food, look elsewhere. Very pricey for what you get.
2	One of my worst dining experiences in terms of food taste and overall experience. I have given it 2 star because the staff is polite and the food does look very presentable - top chef style. To start off: a Blackboard menu? Common, its cool and all but if you are a pricey restaurant it doesn't suit the image..... Plus our server asked us to walk around (in case I have bad eyesight) or pull up a smartphone to view the menu... HUH? Menu selection is limited - 5 or so appetizers, similar number of main courses, 3 desserts, and a lot of alcohol. This is actually a good thing, as a 2 page menu can get confusing, so a simple and condensed menu worked for me. I hear the menu changes often so a plus if you go there when they have a few good options. We had 3 fish options, 1 beef, 1 tofu and 1 pig option to choose from.NACL (their logo) - Sodium Chloride or salt (cool right), except that all the food I ate had an overdose of salt.  We ordered steak tartare and it was salty, lacked any citrus and to me tasted like it was just thawed from the freezer. Sashimi was ok but nothing to die for. Avocado ice-cream along with the sashimi was innovative but again salty for my palate. We should have tried the oysters but I leave that for my imagination. They like to use a lot of deep soup bowls to serve food but the presentation was top notch.For main course, we ordered the beef and baramundi. The beef was sliced into strips making it easy to eat, was cooked perfect and overall was tasty. Only saving dish that entire night. The baramundi was salty and not impressive in my opinion but nonetheless sufficient portion wise for one person. Just a note the entrees are 25+ and usually enough for one person (unless you have a small appetite). You will not leave the place feeling hungry or overstuffed.Shortbread dessert was caramel, pretzel, a lot of peanuts and salt. Not a good way to end the meal. I guess there was a shortbread somewhere in there.I forgot to mention the drinks (cocktails) are interesting combinations (negroni and moscato, rum and grapefruit) and if you go there for some appetizers and a few drinks, it is well worth it. I would not say our server was super attentive but we managed.One thing that ticked me off was that they have communal type seating below and tables above. I had called to make a reservation and they said they were booked but when we went there (9pm), they were empty and still no tables? This sums up my lackluster experience at Salt of the Earth. After seeing it on the list of top 30 restaurants in PGH, I really wanted the experience to be great. I left there never wanting to return or recommend it to anyone.
3	We made reservations and sat upstairs which was a plus as the communal seating thing is not for me.  The food was good and presentation was fantastic.  If my review was based solely on the food I would have given 4 stars.  Our server was nice a little awkward but nice.  She however was not attentive and our drinks took over 15 min to come out.  I guess the wait for our drinks put a bad taste in my mouth because the rest of the evening was lackluster.  I mean we ordered our apps and then our entrees on her second return before our cocktails were served.  I would return but would request a different server hands down..
5	After reading so many negative reviews in 2014, I was very concerned about if if I should still book my husband's birthday dinner here. I did, because this was his favorite restaurant in PGH so far. I am glad that I did! I have to say, 4 out of 5 dishes were great to me, and 5 out of 5 were great to my husband.We shared a lobster stater, which is a warm appetizer with cavatelli and small fish. It's not light for a starter, but it's appetizing.My husband had the pork for his main dish. This is the only dish that I wasn't a  big fan of. The pork itself is in good combination and distribution of lean, fat meat and skin. It is deep fried to crispy. The flavor and texture was nice, but way too heavy for me. Even the nice tarty pomegranate and and light endive cannot save that. Well, my husband liked his dish tho :pI had the duck dish which is  composed of mainly duck breast, some cabbage and beets. The flavor is a bit minty, plus a bit chinese, and some honey. It's great :)Dessert time! We are a big fan of desserts, but not heavy sweet buttery dessert. I can make more then 50-60 kind of cakes/desserts myself, and every city I go, I look for nice little french and japanese bakery for sure. Salt of the Earth always amazes me with their desserts :D It's sweet, but not just a pile of sugar and butter. I had the Chesse- camembert cheese, cooked apple, and carrot pure. The slight salty taste in the camembert wakes up the whole dish. My husband had the Citrus, which was AMAZING!!!  There were blood orange sorbet, orange peel, lime flavor, almond crisps, and very thin frozen white chocolate with crispy texture. The combination is brilliant!I think I could come back just for a dessert and a cup of NA ; )
3	Take my review with a *grain of salt* (oh, the punniness) because I came here with a big, loud group of CMU Alumni who were not responsible for paying. I can't really comment on the prices or the intimacy level except that I know the restaurant is pricey and this is not a good place to go if you are on a date because it is not intimate. You sit at a long table with other folks either on the second floor loft overlooking everyone and the cool, open kitchen, or you sit on the ground floor. There is a massive chalkboard with the menu all over it on the opposite wall of the kitchen. I suppose the menu (and prices) change every once in a while since they were erased and modified by wait staff while we were there. The parking is horrible, but that's Pittsburgh in general. I'm not really factoring that into my review.I started off with sashimi for an appetizer and then had the red snapper for my main course. The sashimi was quite fishy and just okay - I've had better sashimi before. The red snapper was fairly good, and I enjoyed the mini sliced potatoes, sausage, and mussels in the dish as well. It reminded me of a cioppino and the flavors really complemented each other. The sauce was really good, too. I was a little surprised at the consistency of the dishes, though. One of the people at our table ordered the exact same dish, except his only had one piece of sausage hidden under the fish. When we asked the waitress about it, she did not seem to care at all and was really dismissive of it. Then later, I asked for a cappucino because I had my long drive back to DC that evening, and the same waitress told me "we don't do cappucinos here". I was like okay...which restaurant just plain *doesn't* have coffee? So I asked "do you have coffee then?" She said "well....we have french press". And I was like "That's fine!". Omg, I just needed some caffeine for a four hour drive. Ah. I don't think this place has a service problem, but I do think if a customer is expressing to you that they need something, instead of saying the restaurant does not have it flat out, you should look for other solutions. Perhaps this is asking too much, but for a "nice" restaurant, I expect high quality service.
5	My partner and I dined at the bar on 2/25/14 in the middle of a nice dinner rush. The bar was comfortable and the two bartenders were very attentive to our questions on the cocktails. We had the Boyd & Blair vodka cocktail with lime and sriracha...perfect blend of sweet and spicy. We also had the bluecoat gin with beets cocktail, again a perfect blend, earthy beet taste that complements the gin beautifully. For starters, we had the new hush puppies with sea island red peas and ham hock that were added to the menu that evening. They were so delicious, we ordered another before our mains! For our mains, we had the branzino fish and the hanger steak. The branzino, resembles the construction of a banh mi, the use of cilantro, pickled carrots, and jalepenos complemented the fish with the fresh baguette. The hanger steak, we've had a number of times, each time with different additions. I think the hanger with parsnips and trumpet mushrooms is my favorite pairing yet. We were very full, but being a dessert person, made room for the white chocolate citrus dessert. The semifreddo's texture and taste complemented with the in-house made sorbet and blood orange slices. Overall, extremely pleased by this experience. Also, the new changes like printed menus, bread service, decaf coffee were nice additions. Five stars.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh! Try hanger steak with their one of the signature cocktails.
5	Disclaimer: The following Yelp is based solely on Salt of the Earth's cocktail program and the experience we had at the bar last Saturday night.Trying to knock down as many craft cocktail bars that my liver allows since returning to Pittsburgh, I can't believe it's taken this long to get to Salt of the Earth. The 6-8-seat bar tucked away on the first floor is rather underwhelming and cramped relative to the rest of the spacious, inviting restaurant. The very trendy (and overrated) communal, cafeteria seating on the first floor lends to a boisterous environment that takes a few minutes for the ears to adjust. Upon finding two seats at the bar, I did my usual 'rye, bourbon, whisky' request. When the mixologist, Carissa, grabbed the bottle of Old Overholt, I knew I was home. I've been singing the praises of Pennsylvania style ryes for some time and it's nice to see a bar give them some respect. Carissa mixed up an original - Overholt, Aperol, maraschino bitters and few drops of absinthe (for aroma). It went down way too smooth. I normally drink cocktails that demand respect and bite back. With that said, her original cocktail was a nice way to start the evening.A conversation about the legitimacy of Pennsylvania's Dad's Hat Rye gave way to an Old Fashioned. Although I'm on the fence with Dad's Hat, there was no joking about the way Carissa constructs an Old Fashioned! She's craftswoman dancing in my wheelhouse! However, the star cocktail of the evening was the simply noted Ginever - Wigle (Ginever), celery, apple, shiso. This cocktail is what defines the handcraft cocktail movement - take a unique, regional spirit and compliment it (not mask it) with locally grown or seasonal syrups, shrubs, reductions, and/or bitters It's different not for the sake of being different but because it is original and its components were given much thought. I'm still deconstructing what I drank starting with the local distillery (Wigle) and the thought of gin made from rye mash (Ginever or Dutch-style gin).
2	Every time you move to a new city and ask about the places to go for good food, there are a few names everyone rattles off.  Salt is one of those in Pittsburgh.If this were a quasi-French restaurant I might understand the price point, but no such pomp and circumstance.  The decor I think is great for a casual dinner, and a fancier date that you don't want to feel too stuffy.  I don't care that you have your own place setting and fancy silverware-- it's at a communal table (unless you reserve upstairs).  The service was no different than anything you'd expect at Elbow Room, it's fine.My barometer for any restaurant is a simple protein.  It says a lot about how they pick ingredients, their philosophy about bringing flavor out vs. marinating, timing in the kitchen.  So I got a hangar steak. Why? No idea. This is a cut closely resembling flank, the stuff people use in fajitas and beef stir fry (read: marinade the shit out of it to make it taste good).  The dish came out looking like an art piece, but the meat was so thin it didn't retain any heat and it felt like eating the steak off the top of a fancy salad... without the salad.  To their credit, it was cooked well and I could see the idea behind it, just didn't taste good because the cut itself was lacking.  Scallops were the same story.  Good ingredients, great plating, light fluffy flavors and not too buttery.  We had two drinks a piece. I don't tend to get fancy cocktails but two Hendricks tonics and two Rieslings brought the total to $130 with tip.  Humbly two stars from me because feeling "fine" after leaving a place like that is disappointing.  Went straight to Wendy's afterwards and got some chicken nuggets.
1	I have never had such horrible service as my friends and I were subjected to earlier this month at Salt.Having heard awesome things about Salt in my time living in Pittsburgh, I was anticipating visiting and having a really excellent meal.Our server was rude from the second we sat down. My friend inquired about specials, and had a question about something that was written on the chalkboard, as it was hard to see from a distance. The server basically told her that he didn't know, and to get up and look for herself. From what I have read in other reviews on Yelp, that is pretty standard, and it wouldn't have been a deal-breaker had he conveyed this in a halfway decent manner. The rudeness continued while my friends ordered. This guy was unable to answer basic questions about menu items, with a nasty demeanor to boot. I got obstinate. I honestly don't care how fantastic their food may or may not be- I just can't justify giving my money to a restaurant that allows their staff to act that way towards customers. I was appalled.My friends' meals looked and smelled awesome. They were beautifully plated and the menu items and food pairings were obviously well-curated. I am truly sad for the people that put effort into dreaming up the menu, and the people who spent time cooking these items to perfection, only to have such a jerk of a waiter misrepresent their hard work. Will not be back. Do not recommend.
4	Only upstairs is available for reservations, so very hard to get a reserved table. Communal seating downstairs. Varied menu with options that usually require the waiter to explain to you exactly what you are eating -- which is a good thing in chain friendly Pittsburgh. Service was good, portion sizes are small, which again I prefer than being chained to my table. Would eat here again.
4	I ate at Salt last night after a long hiatus.  It was excellent.  I had the trout.  Not only was it flavorful and perfectly prepared - the presentation was beautiful:  a whole trout stuffed with lemons and herbs.  It just melted in your mouth - and was accompanied by English peas and a creamy watercress puree.  The steak tartare appetizer was also delicious - a bit spicy and a nice roughly chopped texture.  The rabbit terrine might have been the standout of the evening - highly spiced and very tasty.  My dining companions loved the hanger steak and the halibut.  The service was good, the atmosphere is casual and wine selection is ok. I like the communal tables. I could live without the bread - unspectacular and really not necessary.  But overall, it was an excellent meal and I definitely recommend giving Salt a try or return visit.
4	A great place for blowing away money and enjoying the food aesthetics. Everything is very expensive, but the flavor and prep involved in the components of all the dishes are well thought out. My friends and I like to come here to explore the dishes they make, as well as to taste some of the interesting cocktails they have. Overall, this is a place where you can pretend to be fancy.....and then you go to McD's to actually fill your appetite.
5	Really special place-very fun and hip vibe.  Downstairs on the main level is no reservation family style seating-sort of like long picnic tables.  The benches are not comfy at all so if that is an issue best make a reservation and eat upstairs in the serene dining room.  A great option and my favorite way to go is to sit at the open expo bar which is open to the kitchen.  The tatted up staff could not be friendlier and watching them work is like watching art being created. The menu is adventurous so keep an open mind. Their steak is fantastic for those not up for an adventure and a treat for those looking for something special.  The seafood dishes are always terrific as are their foul and vegetarian options.  I have to strongly encourage you get the soup.  Any soup they have.  I am not even a soup lover but theirs is always something special. I also suggest you try one of their signature drinks.  They usually involve muddled botanicals and really make you feel like you are in some exotic locale as opposed to the not yet gentrified Larwrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh. There is real artistry happening here that I feel may be underappreciated in Pit.
5	I was a little wary after reading all the bad reviews about the service here, but was very pleasantly surprised!  My server, Mike, was very attentive, courteous, and knowledgeable about the menu.  I found the food to be excellent with some very inspiring concepts:  adding segments of oranges and lemon to the avocado salad; keeping polenta warm and creamy in what looked like a whipped cream dispenser; serving  tapioca balls with the sorbet that looked like blueberries.  Since I was dining by myself, I really liked that I could sit at the kitchen bar and watch all the action.  And I didn't find the food to be that expensive, although maybe it is for Pittsburgh.  Will definitely come back the next time I am in town!
5	I went here for my birthday with my S.O.We ordered the steak tartar... I've never had steak tartar... I hate steak tartar.  The taste was superb but the texture was hard to get past for me.  My date was licking the bowl.  I ate the kimchi garnish off of it.We ordered cocktails, we couldn't get enough of them.  They were divine.I ordered the steak, he ordered the sea bass.  We were both completely silent (it's really hard to make me stop talking so this was a first).  My steak was perfectly medium-rare.  The vegetables were heavenly.  I tried his fish, head on bones and all.  I was in love.  I'm not even a big fish eater but I was craving more.We ended with some coffee (which was god like) and millionaire shortbread.  I couldn't have been more pleased with my meal.  I couldn't have asked for a better waitress (and it was only her 2nd day serving) she was SO helpful and so sweet and definitely gave her honest opinions on what she personally liked and didn't and why. Oh, and on a side note... they were playing Nofx and Pennywise and other great bands the entire time and it was AMAZING.I've never been so happy about eating a 30+ dollar steak while rocking out to "Linoleum".  Definitely check this place out.
4	Fun place. Sit at bar and watch the food preparation. All about presentation. And a few bites of flavor.   Very over priced. Very uncomfortable seats. Spoon is a better choice.
1	really think they can find a way to have diet sodas or at least unsweetened tea. the tomato soup was really not good... especially with the orange aftertaste in it. sorry but this restaurant wakes innovative approaches to cooking that really do not mesh well.
4	I remember coming here 2 years ago and the food was really good. It was definitely a luxury place to place to eat, especially in college. However, I remember that the prices weren't too extreme (like 20 an entree). The entree was alwaysssss worth it. I remember having the duck and it was some really good duck. It is also plated very nicely. I recently came back and I was disappointed to see that the prices jumped to like 25-30 an entree. The food was still good and now they offer this really good bread. The dessert unfortunately wasn't that special like I remembered last time. Maybe I caught it during a bad time, but I would definitely skip out on that.
3	I cannot tell you how many times over the past few years that I have driven past Salt of the Earth and wondered why I had not yet tried it out. I finally had dinner here with a few friends for my birthday two weeks ago.The place itself is pretty cool inside. I don't mind the communal dining arrangement, but I can understand why some people are opposed. I think it's fine with a group of friends, but probably not a good arrangement for a date. Unless your date is terrible enough that you would rather talk to complete strangers sitting next to you.The staff was friendly, and it was easy to get a reservation on a Friday night; in fact, it was actually pretty dead. This was a little odd to me. I don't know if that is the typical experience or not, but I definitely expected it to be bustling.I had the roasted chicken with corn risotto, figs, and cipollini. Everything was good, but I wasn't blown away. Temperature was an issue; it wasn't cool enough to warrant sending it back (partially because we were all starving), but it was by no means hot. My friends had the same complaint about their dishes (two of us had the chicken, and two the seitan). Another issue is definitely pricing. By no means do I have an issue splurging on a nice meal from time to time. But I expect that meal to be special and live up to the price, and this just didn't do it for me. I understand that with places like this you are paying for presentation, ambiance, etc.--but the food needs to be great too.I didn't hate it, I didn't love it. Maybe they were having an off night or something. I won't write it off completely, but I'm not sure that I'll go back.
4	So this place is a rare gem! It's off the beaten path and not convenient if you are staying in downtown Pittsburgh (which we were). Design is clean and modern with communal style tables. They have vegetarian options, I would list the menu but I think this may be the kind of place where the menu shifts frequently depending on availability. I had the roasted carrots to start, which were fantastic followed by the mussels, in a cognac and cider and cream broth (I want that recipe). Cocktails were well mixed.
3	With all the great things I have heard about Salt, I was eager to try it.  I have to say I was a bit disappointed, but overall it was still a good experience.  As others have mentioned, the communal dining concept is unique and can be fun.  What isn't fun is how uncomfortable those seats are.  You are essentially sitting on a block of wood.  If you have a jacket with you, skip the coat rack and put it on your "chair" to save your butt some pain.  They have the menu, including drinks, written on a giant chalkboard on the wall.  They also have individual menus which makes it a lot easier to review your options.  Although the board is nice when you are eating your food and trying to figure out what ingredient or flavor you are tasting.The wine and cocktails are on the pricey side averaging around $10 or more, but there is a nice variety and the wine and cocktail I sampled were quite tasty.I ordered the steak tar tar as an appetizer.  It had large pieces of olives which was different than I've had in tar tar before, but the flavor was excellent. Instead of an entree, I chose the risotto which was on their "seconds" menu.  It was chock full of fall flavor and I really enjoyed it.Without even ordering an entree, with tax and tip my meal was over $40, so be prepared to spend when you come here.  That being said, the dishes are interesting and original, so it was worth the splurge.
4	I became aware of the restaurant when I moved into the city about two months ago from simply driving down penn ave and seeing the cool design on the side of the building. I didn't come across it again until a few nights ago when I was looking for a place to take a date. Upon entry the restaurant is very open with three large community style benches, on one wall is the bar, on other is a large chalkboard, and the third is an open kitchen! Very cool. We were led upstairs to the more traditional tables which had a view of everything going on downstairs. Our server quickly greeted us and began the service with bread and butter. The menu is small because the concept of the restaurant is local, in season, product. That wasn't an issue at all though because they had something for just about everyone. I ordered the flank steak and my date ordered the pork. Both dishes were great! Very colorful presentation and the sides were extremely tasty. We also ordered an almond dessert which was very nice, small but nice, however I couldn't complain because the manager ended up taking the dessert off the bill, our waitresses said that the manager said the ice cream wasn't up to par. Strange that they didn't talk to us about it. I'm lactose intolerant so I didn't even touch the ice cream anyway but its nice to see that they have standards. Overall had a great experience, beautiful dining room, and friendly staff, will definitely be back.
5	My fiance and I came here while visiting family in the area. I'm so glad they brought us here! The ambiance was great; nice, soft lighting, and an open & friendly atmosphere. We sat at the communal tables, which I really enjoyed. When you visit a place like this to have a wonderful food experience, it should be shared.The service was outstanding. They were friendly and full of recommendations. They also let us do our own pace, no rushing or pushing. The 4 of us spent 3 hours there without even realizing it. We ordered almost everything on the menu, and it was all FANTASTIC. The steak tartare, carrot, duck confit, mussels, ribeye, pork, burger - all wonderful. The recommended wine pairings were also perfect.I so thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. Next time we're in Pittsburgh, we will be back!
4	I wanted to take my friends out for a nice dinner, and this was the perfect place! I made a reservation in the upstairs private dining room. When making a reservation, you have the option of sitting at communal tables downstairs, at the chef's counter downstairs, or in the private dining room upstairs. I think the communal tables would be great for a casual lunch, but I definitely recommend dining upstairs if you're coming for dinner.Our waitress was really nice and was very familiar with the food and drink menus. She was able to answer all of our questions and made good drink recommendations. I ordered a gin-based cocktail, and my friends went with vodka drinks. All of us thought the cocktails were delicious. We were also happy with our entrees. I ordered the vegan pad thai which came with baby bok choi  and perfectly-seasoned tofu. I cleaned my plate. One friend ordered the hambuger which came with a full plate of fries. He was a fan. My other friend ordered the pork which she said was tender and delicious. We were all stuffed so unfortunately didn't have room for dessert, but the options looked tasty.
4	Very good food. Generous portions. My fellow diners thought the hanger steak was the best dish on the table. Beet appetizer also very good. I would have liked more green vegetables on the menu, but it was November, so perhaps everything really was seasonal.
