5	We weren't sure what to expect but we were blown away. We got a dozen glazed donut holes and a cream filled glazed. They were AMAZING!!!!! The style of donut is more of the very light and fluffy Krispy Kreme type donut rather than the heavy dense Dunkin donut type... We very much like the light and fluffy type!!!!It's also neat that if you get a jelly or cream filled donut, they fill them right there for you. Pretty awesome! I can't help but think these guys are giving Krispy Kreme a run for their money. They were so busy that they could barely make the donuts fast enough. And they were making tons. Make sure to get there early because they are going so fast. I'm so happy to see a small mom and pop donut business do so well. I wish them much success. Keep up the awesome work!
4	Donuts... They are as much as a american past time as baseball, fast cars, apple pie, apple products, and Jordans (seriously, who isn't wearing Jordan something nowadays).  Back to the review at hand.  I came across this new donut shop on the holiest of days, Easter Sunday.  Holy Easter Sunday. Holes in donuts...My how the lord works in mysterious ways!  It was closed when i saw it that night.  So i thought i would check it out this morning.  Now i was a bit skeptical on how good the donuts would be cause on the outside of the building it has "Grand Opening 4/14/14" spray painted in blue on the glass. Would it have killed them to buy some poster board and some markers and make a sign?  But that didn't stop myself, Gandalf, Frodo, Bilbo, Gollum, and the rest of the Fellowship from venturing on into Daily Donut to try their sugary rings of goodness.The place is very clean on the inside and pretty spacious. They have a pretty good selection of donuts and the place smelled fantastic.  I was in there around a little after 8am and there was a bunch of donuts. I only saw 2 people there working.  So if they made all of those donuts that morning, then hats off to them.  The lady at the counter was very nice and attentive to every customer who came in there.  It gave off the vibe to me that this donut shop they opened up was something they have been working towards and now that it's a reality, she appreciates the people who coming in there looking for some fresh donuts to start their day off.  The grand opening special that is going on until April 28th where you can get a dozen donuts for $5.99 was another selling point :)The donuts themselves were very good and moist. I got a few glazed, a couple of cinnamon crunch, classic sprinkles, and chocolate topped with white frosting and nuts.  They are light and fluffy and not as sweet as say a Krispy Kreme.  Which is good. We all know donuts aren't the greatest thing for us to eat if were trying to be health conscious and watch our figures.  But its easier to not feel as guilty when the sweetness doesn't overpower the donut and make you feel like your eating a ring of pure sugar.  Speaking of health.  Donuts is not the only thing they sell there.  They also sell smoothies and Boba as well.  I didn't fully check out the menu so i'm not sure what flavors of smoothies they have.  Or what else they may offer.  It was the donuts that drag me in there and will get me to come in there again.  Is it a place that you would drive cross town to go get donuts from? No.  But if you happen to be close by or in the area.  Then go out of your way a bit and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
4	It's pretty hard for me to get excited over doughnuts but I'll make an exception for Daily Donut!Daily Donut is owned by an Asian couple who makes delicious doughnuts.  Similar to Krispy Kreme, they offer a light doughnut that doesn't have as much sugar.  Ah, a highlight of an Asian-owned bakery:  not too sweet.  This is a big deal for me since I really can't stand it when my pastries just taste of pure sugar!  Daily Donut has a small selection so coming here early is a must.  They also offer boba!
5	Finally a real donut shop!!! I'm from a donut town, where there's a donut shop every 2 miles so I'm happy that there's a new addition to the West Valley. I'm mostly happy because none of the so called donut shops here make pig-in-a-blanket until this ONE! I was craving it for over a year after moving to phoenix.  My dream has come true. The ladies there are nice and the place is clean. Asians make the best donuts! I had my pig-in-a-blanket this morning and they were delicious!  :-)
4	I was a huge Dunkin' Fan, until the one nearby was serving stale jelly doughnuts.  I'm not one particularly sold on a "perfect donut" (I go more for the coffee), so when even I started noticing the hard and dry trend of donuts at Dunkin, it says that something is really afoot in the Dunkin' bakery.  When Daily Donut opened right across the street, I thought it was AWESOME good luck that we finally had a place making fresh (? hopefully!) doughnuts.  I was just thinking about how unappetizing the competition was. Well, it turns out that there's a chef who comes in during the evening and stays up overnight each day making all of the doughnuts fresh that evening for the next morning.   And here's the thing:  You can tell by the freshness that those doughnuts were JUST MADE.  I'm not kidding.  The blueberry filled doughnuts are HEAVEN.  And if you go buy them all up this weekend before I get there based on this review, you're a jerk.   Leave one for the guy who comes in after 10am.  The coffee is on par.  It's hot.  Neither amazing, and certainly not stale.  The prices are right.The atmosphere is nice.  It's clean, plenty of choices and the staff is friendly.  I'll be there this weekend. So remember: leave me a friggin' blueberry-filled donut, you snarfers.
5	Their blueberry donut = mouthgasm.  Weekend donuts are our family treat, and their FRESHLY made donuts earned our weekly business for sure!  The iced coffee has a nice, pure, strong flavor and isn't watered down (like a lot if other places).  The smoothie menu looks impressive, I'll be sure to take my kids in to try their cotton candy and bubble gum flavors.  In addition to offering quality products, excellent service, and a clean environment (an anomaly these days), it appears to be a family operated business (their little girl was even helping out, too cute), and I'll ALWAYS  give my business to the local guy :)
5	If you haven't been to this donut shop, you are missing out.  The donuts are made daily...really fresh and delicious.  If you haven't had a boba drink before...you should try one.  It is unique.  I like the taro flavor.The ice coffee was made just as I asked.The owner is there every time I've gone in.  She is so sweet :-)!  Family owned.Just go :-)!
5	I love this place very clean, fresh great customer service !!!! Smoothies are AWESOME AND THE ICED COFFEE' is deliciosooo, buenisimo ! I recommend it. I will be a daily customer for now on !!!! Great taste !!!!!! It's my new stop for now on !!!!! My husband stops by in the mornings to buy donuts for the guys at work he loves it!!!! I'm soooo happy there's a great business around my community !!!!!
5	Needed 600 donuts for work. Without missing a beat they took my info and I was on my way. I went in the day I had ordered them for and was a little early. They were ready to go! Great food, great service!
3	Was in the area picking up our foster daughters sister, so I stopped off to get the girls a donut. Place was pretty clean, very large, and had a lot to choose from. I had the apple fritter, while the girls had the sprinkle donuts. My donut was good, nothing special but yet it wasn't bad. This place is OK, just your typical donut shop. I probably will never see this place again, since I don't live in the area. But If I did, I could see my self coming back.
4	My coworkers are always bringing Daily Donuts to work, so naturally I had to see what it's all about. I hate heavy donuts, but I also hate the flavored air called "Krispy Kreme". These are in between, and large enough to feel satisfying after just one. They also understand how to properly apply icing, as nothing was too sweet. I guess what I'm trying to say is that this breakfast snack takes a delicate balance of ingredients to remain delicious, and whoever prepares these definitely knows what they're doing. It's my second favorite shop in town for these, I'm a fan.
5	The best donuts hands down!!!! Always fresh! I'm addicted to these. This is the only donut place worth going to in the area.
5	Went to this place the other morning based on the reviews. This place is very good. Blows Dunkin Donuts away!
5	One of my favorite donut shops ever! They are so fluffy and flavorful, without being too overly sweet. I love that they are freshly made, and every time I go in, they are usually getting ready to pull out some more if they're running low. Every time I'm craving donuts, and am on this side of the valley, I have to stop in for one... Or twelve! I don't really have a sweet tooth, but once I eat one, I can't stop at just that. A box of twelve between me and a couple of friends goes by way too quickly!
4	Yummy, fresh, and a nice variety available! Daily Donut is conveniently located, and about 100 times better than Dunkin Donuts' stale nastiness. I have to say - after trying the apple fritters at BoSa I'm ruined for any other fritter, but absolutely everything I've had here has been tasty and fresh.
4	Great Donuts.... Great Section Daily Donuts can  put most other chain  donut shops to shame, particularly those grocery chains. The Donuts at Daily Donut are made fresh every day is evident in every single bite.  Daily Donuts is so popular that you can reasonably expect to find some donuts  sold out, or at least low on stock. Daily Donuts are packed with sweet flavor. I just cannot recommend this place enough. Daily Donuts is a must-visit anytime of the day .
5	Best donuts in the West Valley. They are made perfectly not too sweet and fluffy. The croissants are also perfect.  This place is so good they run out before closing time especially on weekends.  So get yours early.  A must try!
2	Might as well get your coffee and cappuccino at the gas station and pay less it's same powdered crap. Plus theso called ham in my croissant was some horrifying processed garbage w ham flavoring. Nasty but the baked goods are tasty
3	The donut is good but a little on the rough side. Only reason why i would give it a 3 is because they run out of donuts fast. But i would try it again.
