5	Great shop and worth the drive off the strip! We are pleased with all our tattoos and so are all our friends we referred to the shop. Bernard is top notch and no egos at this place, very refreshing! We always stop by and add more ink every time we're up from Los Angeles. Beautiful shop, clean and reasonably priced, you can't go wrong.
5	I had some work done here and they were great. The pricing was right, the quality was there, and everyone seemed pretty professional. I will return for more and recommend this place to anyone looking for QUALITY work.
5	I went to Classic Tattoo after checking out several other tattoo shops in town. They guys were very friendly when I walked in. I talked with Steve about the tattoo I wanted and he drew it up for me. He was able to get me in that day. Compared to what some of the other shops in town charge, they were very reasonable. All of the artists seemed like they really knew what they were doing and were very passionate. I definitely recommend this shop. It is totally worth the drive from the strip or even southern California for that matter.
5	Great Shop, Great quality & price...  -like most of the other reviews, everyone's a pleasure to work with, Bernard does my work and both of my experiences with him were perfect!  Would recommend to everyone!
5	I have absolutely no complaints!I went in on Friday the 13th for a "13" tattoo and was in and out in about 30 minutes. My artist, Ross Henry, was cool and did a great job. They had tons of options available, unlike most places which have a dozen or so. They don't offer custom "13" tattoos but will remove the 13 from any of their designs if you asked. All in all, it was a great experience. I love my art and will definitely come back for more work in the future!As an added bonus, there is a Capriotti's nearby. Never underestimate the need for delicious post-ink snacks!
5	Eric Ayala is the man for old school traditional, love him!
5	Nothing lasts longer than the memory of your first or 100th tattoo ! Cause when u look at it, it all comes rushing back ! Get tattooed by the finest artists and cleanest shop in Vegas ... Classic Tattoo
5	There are easily over 100 tattoo studios in the Las Vegas area. You have your choice of paying high prices for good work near the strip or going in blindly to a parlor and risking receiving shady work. Since you are on yelp, I can assume that you are doing research before getting some ink. You are (somehwhat) against making a spur of the moment-drunken decision to get a new piece. If you are drunk-Good for you, you are being somewhat responsible by checking here first.I am not a tattoo newbie by any means; I have about 10 pieces that have been collected over the past 20 years or so. What I liked right away about Classic was that the guys that worked there were friendly. I ended up talking to Eric via the phone earlier that day and when I walked in he ended up being the one that I spoke to first. Could have been cosmic or a vibe, but its just good customer service that made me want to spend some time there and check out their work. They do pretty much everything, but I noticed that they have a niche for traditional. I'm all about the bold lines, simple designs, and ample color. I had Eric draw up a peacock for me and I came back the next day. After a few hours of pain nearly passing out, I can tell you that this hurt like hell. It's been about a month or so and it has healed nicely. I am definitely going to see Eric for more work.  On a side note I did get a chance to see some of the other guys working and their attitude and ability were all top-notch. Do yourself a favor and drive off the strip to see the boys at Classic Tattoo
5	Just got some ink from Eric Ayala. Vintage cowgirl. It's great. Nice guy and a great artist. Will be back for more.
5	Everyone at this shop does super solid work. Very professional, friendly atmosphere with amazing artists. I have a few tattoos from Jacob and have been very happy with all of them! Pay this shop a visit, very fair prices.
5	Just got a half sleeve done here and I won't go anywhere else!  This shop is amazing and all of the artists do great work. Had mine done by Shane and it was incredible.  I came in with an idea and he took it to another level.  Absolutely stunning and the shading, technique, and quality can't be beat.  Went in about three ago and had my side done also by Shane and the color and everything still looks brand new! Won't go anywhere else.
5	I don't know much about tattoos, I have zero. My mom on the other hand has several. She didn't start getting ink until she was in her sixties. She came in for a week to visit us from North Dakota and wanted to add another tattoo. I wanted to avoid questionable places, the strip area, and downtown. I remembered the place from my trips to Roberto's and Eleve training studio. I read the reviews and drove her there the next day. Caleb was professional, kind, and gentle with my mom. She was delighted with her new tattoo. The facility is clean, the art work is displayed nicely, and the artists are very kind.  Any place that treats a woman in her sixties with class and respect gets an A+ from me!!  Thank you for making her feeling comfortable and special.
5	LOVED it!!  not only did my tattoo come out great but the staff is amazing!!  From the moment I walked in the shop  I knew this was the place for me!!  I plan to go back and have Caleb do more work on me!  I5 stars isn't enough for the experience I had here!Many ThanksBianca
5	Some idiot gave this place only two stars web it obviously deserves 10 stars. As soon as you walk in, you can tell this shop is legitimately about tattooing as an art form. And most importantly, it looks clean and organized! Eric did my tattoo and ice seen his work on one of my buddy's and he definitely clean, easy to talk to, and has a steady hand. His line work is straight and his colors pop! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's serious about the quality of the art they want on their body.
5	I made the mistake of trying out Red Handed Tattoo...By the beginning of my experience with Red Hand dude, I had to walk out to go to the ATM to get cash and was already calling Classic Tattoo. I had been there before, and liked it, not sure why I did not immediately just go back. Anyway I called and I said "This guy is a jerk!" And Eric, who is super nice and awesome, said "Come on over!" (after 10 minutes that he kindly listened to me complain about the guy at Red Hand). So I went over to Classic, and they were immediately greeting us and talking about the tattoo, he drew it out for me, while chatting, so I am not just sitting there staring off into space. He put on the stencil, which was 6 little different pieces, and switched it around to make sure that I was happy with it and that he knew it looked good as well. He talked with me about it, made sure I was happy with the way it looked and then did my tattoo for me. It looks great, and I could not be happier with it. I like that he changed the angle of the words just slightly enough, in a way that I would not have thought of, but ended up loving. Everyone there was very nice and I will definitely be going back! Eric's professionalism and knowledge of tattooing really made the tattoo turn out better than what I had expected going in there. Awesome staff, great work!
5	I've had several pieces done here by three different artists: Shane (shop owner), Matt Cannon (bummed to see him move back to So-Cal), and Eric Ayala. They're all very talented, friendly, and passionate about their forte. Plus they are flexible and open for different ideas when planning out a piece. The shop is clean and comfortable. Prices are reasonable and the work is awesome. I recommend this shop and its artists to everyone I talk to. Can't wait to make my next appointment!
5	I've gotten crappy tattoos at home and mediocre tattoos in other shops. I have never been more excited about the quality of a tattoo until I came here and got tattoo'd by Eric. Although my girlfriend and I both got tattoo'd by Eric the other tattoo artists who worked were very friendly and welcoming. You could see how much they loved what they do as they would show each other each tattoo they worked on after they were done. Who wouldn't want that type of care put into something that was going to be permanently on their body. Thank you Classic Tattoo. I'll definitely see you guys again. P.S. Who ever is running the music in that place is a stone cold pimp!
5	The dudes in here are so professional and so talented. I don't trust any other shop in town to do such clean traditional work. I've been tattooed by Jacob several times and have had nothing but the best experience each time. Excellent shop with fair rates and even better service! 5 stars.
5	I came in here Friday NEEDING to get a tattoo done for personal reasons and Jake took amazing care of me. This was my first tattoo and I was horrified by the idea of pain, but my artist Jake made it a stress free experience. I had him draw up the work himself and he got it absolutely perfect the first time. I would recommend this place to ANYONE.
5	I've been getting tattooed by Steve for a few years now and send him my friends whenever I can. He always does such an awesome job. I love that when I have ideas he can draw them up and make a tattoo just for me, not the same that's just picked from a book in the lobby.
5	I encourage everyone in the market for a tattoo to stop by and check out Classic Tattoo. Steve, Jacob, Eric, and Holly are the best in town! Bold lines that hold the test of time are one of the many reasons I have chosen this shop to complete multiple pieces including my back. This shop is extremely clean and the crew is always friendly and welcoming, making this a comfortable shop for any first timers too. Cheap Tattoos ain't GoodGood Tattoos ain't CheapThese guys are a bargain when compared to the quality of work they're putting out!
5	Last night my husband and I got wonderful tattoos from Eric. He was kind and very knowledgeable and most important gentle.  I am excited to see how this heals. I would highly recommend this shop, it was very clean and excellent price... we were charged the shop minimum $60 granted they were simple but another shop we had a price quote from wanted $100 each. So if you are looking for a clean and friendly shop  this is your place. Thank you Eric!!
5	Went to get my ink last night.. Holly took good care of me..she did very awesome job..Love my new ink..reasonable price..you guys should check out this place.. Very clean and professional...
1	First and foremost I am VERY UPSET of the outcome of two over price Tattoos that Eric did for me and my boyfriend June 1st. 2014 .. Me and my boyfriend was extremely excited to get our first color couple tattoos together. We went to Classic Tattoos because it was near our home and we wanted to avoid the strip. We walked in Sunday afternoon and was greeted by Eric we told him what we wanted etc. He gave us quote of $80 dollars a tattoo (mind you it's on our ring finger). My boyfriend was iffy about the price but I really wanted it so he agreed to do it. We sat there got them done it took about 30min for both. After two weeks of the heeling process our tattoos are faded, our ink isn't deep enough and instead of the color coming out red it's a very light pink  I do not recommend anyone to go here and when we tried calling to explain the situation he really didn't care and said "he was booked all week" Great customer service . Now we have to pay someone else to fix Eric mistake which SUCKS because this is the bad memory me and my boyfriend will always remember.
5	Holly Thomas is AMAZING!!! I've had a chance to look through several artists' portfolios and they have some excellent talent working here. I'd recommend this studio to anyone around here; it's worth the drive across town!
5	For my thirtieth birthday I decided to finally get my first tattoo. We contacted Holly and she was great. Walked me through the whole process and made it a very pleasant experience. She was friendly and everything was done in a very clean and sterile way. Can't wait to come back and add on to my first tattoo.
5	Amazing experience here! Everyone was very helpful and professional. Amanda did a great job on my tattoo. I will definitely be back!!!
5	Caleb is the man lol. I got my first two tattoos here awhile ago. The shop is pretty clean and it's very close to my house. Both times I went, it was just the two of us and a couple of the other staff. Caleb was so friendly and he's a really cool, funny guy. He talked to me the whole time and made me comfortable. I love the way my tattoo turned out. Especially the rose one he did on my shoulder. It's a really pretty realistic rose. Def. coming back for future tattoos. I love it here.
