4	Seattle via way of Havana or is it Havana via way of Seattle?  In either case, Leaf and Bean is the perfect place to sit back and relax over a freshly roasted coffee or puff away on a cigars from their large walk in humidor.A laid back Key West theme will let you get away from a dreary winter or whatever ails you, but only for a while.  Don't expect to swing by at night  for a post dinner cigar though since they close early, but baring that this is a great place in the strip to feed your addiction of choice.
4	Justin V's review is spot on... wandered into the Leaf & Bean yesterday while grocery shopping in the strip.  The air smells a little smokey, but not heavily so, which is good because my wife and I don't smoke.  But the place is so inviting, you'll want to stay a while as you enjoy your coffee.
3	I've got to admit, I've seen coffee shop hybrids before. Coffee shop + wine bar. Coffee shop + bakery. Coffee Shop + gourmet sandwich shop. But this is the first time I'd ever seen a coffee shop mixed with a cigar bar. I went right around 4pm on a Saturday afternoon, which is right around closing time. They had iced coffee but not any iced tea. The iced coffee I got was moderate. Both the inside and the outside of the shop can definitely be described as funky and unique.If you like to smoke, particularly cigars, I can see how Leaf & Bean would be a great place for you. If you're more of a yuppie like myself that likes coffee shops for the coffee and the wifi, you probably will probably feel a little awkward here.
5	We went to this coffee shop/cigar lounge in Pittsburgh's Strip District on a Saturday.  It's a really cool place that has the flavor of Key West or South Florida.  There was an acoustic guitarist when we were there who was very talented.   They have a large selection of coffee and have a walk in humidor for all the cigar aficianados (and yes, smoking is permitted in the lounge).   They have tables both outside and inside the shop.   We loved the place and would definitely go back there again!
4	amazing place, but hours of operation kind of bad. they close too early.  I like to go do work there whenever I don't need to be in the office.
2	This place would probably be a haven for you if you enjoy smoking cigars. I, on the other hand, do not. Sorry for you peeps who enjoy a little puff on the stogie. But if you're like me, and you want to chill out at a coffee shop, do work there or just run in to get your coffee - or in my case - tea fix, it's not the place for you. Heck, even if you only run in, you run out smelling like you've smoked a thousand cigars, when you haven't even glanced at one in there.  I went in once and it was enough for me to decide this wasn't the place for me. I couldn't even tell you what my tea was like because I knew I'd never be back. I'll hop down to 21st Street Coffee where it's more my speed. I could totally see someone loving this place if they were a cigar smoker.
4	It was 11am and I was near-death, needing coffee. I saw a little hand-painted sign advertising and was greeted with a blast of cigar smoke when I walked in.I can't say I've ever been to a cigar bar-meets-coffee shop, but I thought highly of this very eclectic place.
3	This is an interesting little cigar & coffee shop, which is relatively rare. Typically, cigars meet whiskey and not coffee.We stopped here on a walk through the strip district to check it out and have a cigar. From the outside, the location doesn't seem extremely appealing. They have a variety of mix and match lawn furniture outside and the inside is similar with a very "thrown together" look with a variety of furniture and signs around the inside. However, with the thrown together decor, it's what I'd expect visiting a similar place in Cuba, which is what I expect they are aiming for. If the day is nice, they have the business' front open to the fresh air of the street.Their humidor, located at the back right of the establishment isn't the best by the standards of many of the cigar shops I've visited in the past. However, they do have a rich selection and several top rated cigars to choose from.Cutters and matches are available throughout the store for you to cut and light your newly purchased cigar to smoke on location.I also sampled their coffee that was regularly available to their customers, it wasn't as bold as I would have expected for a coffee shop. The cigars are the largest part of the appeal for this business!
2	This looks like it could be a cool chill place to hang out and I was drawn to the atmosphere walking by, but I was really turned off by their snooty in-group sort of attitude when I tried to go there with a couple of friends.  I had seen people at tables outside drinking some interesting craft beers and smoking cigars or drinking coffee and there was a live musician inside so it seemed like a really cool place to hang out.  I love craft beer, coffee and I enjoy an occasional cigar and I typically like the atmosphere of cigar bars.  However, upon entering I immediately did not feel welcome.  I was confused since I only saw coffee for sale and while I was looking the guy working there comes to me to ask if I needed something and I said "oh I'm just looking for now, I haven't been here before."  And he responds "well you need to buy a cigar if you want to look."  I'm not sure if he was trying to be funny or if he was serious but it felt rather passive-aggressive.  I asked him about the beer and found out it was BYOB only which was disappointing.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to have a cigar or not but I might have been interested in buying a coffee and hanging out but after his comment that having a cigar was required and his overall attitude not seeming interested in a new patron, I was really turned off and left.  Also, the cigar smell was really strong in there which bothered my friends, though it was at a level I would have been ok with since I don't mind the smell of cigars as much.  Overall it felt like a really in-group sort of place where outsiders or people who don't fit a certain look (maybe I'm not hipster enough?) are less welcome.
4	This is an earthy, convivial place in the Strip with a fine choice of cigars and very good coffee. A perfect location in a high traffic area. There is no pretense here. Just great cigars and coffee as well as good conversation.With all due respect for some of the reviewers here, why proceed to rate an establishment if it is not some place you would prefer to be in the first place. It's neither helpful nor productive for those who are looking for an honest review. This is a CIGAR and coffee joint. Cigars are a focal point of the business. If you like coffee, or tea, great, but don't complain about the smoke, smell, or anything else cigar related. Some of you folks just have too much time on your hands.
5	We stumbled upon this place on a recent trip to Pittsburgh.  Had to go back twice, my boyfriend was in love with the cigar selection, casual atmosphere. I liked it too.! lots of memorabilia, awesome vintage barber chairs to sit in.. great place to let the world go by for a few hours!
4	When I want a taste of Key West, I now know where to go.  We stumbled across this gem in the strip.  The owner Jim has a great knowledge of cigars, and can point you in the right direction.  The atmosphere of this place is something I crave when I am on vacation.  When I told him that it reminded me of Key West, he replied that he used to live there, and It is his favorite place.  You can sure see it.  A great place to just sit back and meet some new people, or enjoy a cup of coffee.  I wasn't a huge fan of their espresso, but that isn't the reason you come here.  You come to get away from it all!
5	As a cigar smoker who has been nearly everywhere good smokes are consumed, I am happy to give Jim and Company the highest rating.   The humidor is great, his "house" sticks are amazing and the environment is one of a kind.  You should come here, but not too many of you we don't want to ruin it.
4	Great people, great cigars, great coffee, great music. Get it?  This place is Great.
3	It's name is leaf and bean, NOT bean and leaf so if you are looking for a place to have coffee, understand this is primarily a smoke shop. If smoke offends you don't come here. If you want a coffee to enjoy with your cigar, then you've hit the jackpot. I enjoy a good cigar and appreciate the novelty and cavalier atmosphere of the place. Sort of a Key West feel (or a third world Caribbean country) without the beach. Big difference I know. But the unique assortment of cigars available nowhere else in the Burgh make it a legit destination. And the outdoor seating encourages you to light up, sit on the sidewalk and enjoy some of the Strip district sights! Plus, you can walk around the corner and grab a few raw oysters at Luke's and make a day of it!!
3	I don't smoke cigars but I hang out in humidors a fair amount with my hubby while he's making his selections & certainly appreciate the aroma of a good cigar both inside a humidor & after he fires one up. In fact the aroma of a good cigar typically accompanies an afternoon beer on our front porch. The atmosphere at Leaf & Bean in the Strip is super cool. You feel like you just wandered down the street in Belize or Nicaragua & found this place with a bunch of locals sitting around enjoying some fine hand rolled cigars. Open air & a definite Caribbean vibe. The owners wife gave us a super introduction to the great stuff in the humidor and turned us on to the 1502s they carry from Nicaragua. Turns out 1502 is the year Columbus bumped into Nicaragua after he'd discovered America. The cigar manufacturer happened to be in the shop and she kindly introduced us after my guy purchased some to try. Very cool! The selection isn't as extensive as some other places we've been but the atmosphere is awesome. Leaf & Bean has been added as a must do to any Strip District strolls & if we happen to stroll in some morning, we'll check out their coffee!
4	This is an eclectic mixture of a TGIFridays and a Cigar lounge. There are all kinds of crazy interesting things hanging all over the the walls, ceiling and floor.( Not unlike a TGIFridays) I especially loved the Motorcycle hanging from the ceiling and  the claw foot bath tub. They have a nice-sized humidor and even have their own house brand cigars. I found an awesome article about them in THE CIGAR LOUNGER magazine. It is a FREE on line magazine that you can read ONLINE,on your IPAD  or IPHONE. This place is truly a destination!!http://thecigarlounger.com
5	This place is by far the coolest place in the strip. Great atmosphere and everyone who frequents there welcome newcomers. Relaxing place with a nice selection in the humidor and live music every Saturday. If you like cigars this place should definitely be on your list of places to visit
5	Character; Cool, Crazy, Creative, Comforting...Character! A must visit for any Trip to the Strip!Try the house stick with the Corojo wrapper made by Oscar...awesome sauce!
4	Super chill, laid back cigar joint that is byob. Can't get much better than that! I am looking forward to going back when the weather warms up and I can sit outside. Typically I am not a cigar smoker or smoker of any sorts but I did try a vanilla blend cigar and it was ok.  For a first timer, it was cool-but I doubt I'll be smoking cigars much if at all, so I'm glad I got to check out the place. Lots of cool stuff on the walls inside as well. Staff was very accommodating and explained everything without making you feel like a first timer.
4	Cool for what it is - cigars, beer, coffee, and live music.  Very chill vibe and bar staff seem witty and relaxed.  Crowd is middle-aged slightly-ruffian and seem to know the fringe acts that make their way thru.  Fun place, but unless you want two lungs full of cigar smoke, head somewhere else on this wonderful strip.
