2	Seriously this store looks like it got robbed.  Everywhere I went to get something all I found was an empty shelf or a lonely peg board staring me in the face.  I looked down the half isle of computer software they carry and could not find my product.  So I asked someone, he made the same walk I did.  Really???  Check your inventory or stock area dumbass, I didn't come here to see your shoulder shrug.  The back room was probably as sad as the shelves here.  My husband found a cable he needed, and maybe I'm naive about computer crap but, they wanted almost fourty bucks for a six foot cord.  I said we'd shop around.  We walked out with a DVD and frown.  I will never bother with this store again.  Well, maybe a going-out-of-buisness sale.
1	Attempted to call numerous times just to ask get a price quote on an install only to be transferred numerous times with endless ringing and never received an answer.  They won't be receiving my business because apparently they don't want it.
2	The inventory here is sparse unless you own an iphone. Didn't find what i was looking for. They only have 3 items in the whole store for the droid x. They claim to be the top in cell phones and accessories. I just don't see it.
2	This best buy is such as enigma. They're one of the newest locations in the valley, yet they are going through a remodel. Right now the floor makes no sense. Appliances are scattered throughout the stores in random fashion. They barely seem to have any selection... for anything!  Also, they're sales associates don't seem to be up to date on their product lines. I seemed to know more about the products I asked them about. I'm probably better off just sticking to my online shopping.
3	We have a love hate relationship
3	I was just at my usual Best Buy on N. Rainbow and they were out of what I was looking for, but the number of employees offering to assist me was comforting.  I called this Best Buy, and they had what I was looking for and were able to hold it for me.I got there, the pick up area had my hold and I walked around to do a bit more shopping.  The new floor plan is going to take a bit of getting used to.  AsI walked around I saw many associates walking around but not once did I get offered any assitance.  This not so at the Best Buy I usually frequent.This would ordinarily warrant a 2 star IMO but Taylor was nice enough to find and hold my product, Cole pleasantly directed me to where I needed to go and Amie was very nice as well.  Thanks:)
3	Made the mistake of going there 2 days before Christmas... There was a lot of staff which is good! But there was just too many people inside...
4	I like Best Buy.Good for electronic needs, video games & new CD's.
4	As a self proclaimed Best Buy aficionado, this is one of the newest store designs I have seen.  It is quite well laid out and clean.While I can't say its any easier to get around, it is always nice to see a fresh new layout.  The same Best Buy rules apply.  If you want help, you will probably have a disappointing experience. It's best to go to Best Buy with prior knowledge about what it is that you want to buy.
3	We went into the Best Buy frequently and recently it was remodeled, I'm not very fond of this because they took away alot of products and it looks empty now. The remodel was very disappointing, they removed all but two of there check stands and expanded there tv department. I am not pleased with this at all. We purchased our dyson there and Travis helped us he was very uneducated about what his job responsibilities were and it took him nearly a half hour to ring up our sale. Very annoying.
3	We bought a lap top for my mom here recently and it was like pulling teeth to get someone to help. The selection at this store is very limited compared to the lake mead store. The video game section, however had an associate that was quick to assist us and even looked up what other stores had the specific video game we were looking for.
2	When you walk through the door you're greeted and thanked. The store hasn't been all that great since they remodeled. There's less selections in movies and CDs. Some of the products are overpriced. Usually when I go there, I walk out with nothing. I rather shop at the other stores in the area.
1	At the beginning; horrible service. I walked in towards the tablets, noticed a black woman coming in the same time. We end up standing for a long time not getting help. Noticed a white costumer coming on the store, went to the tablets as well. In seconds, a white salesman wearing a black tshirt with the Microsft logo on it went towards the white costumer offering help. White costumer told him he was just looking. The white salesman left the tablet area ignoring the black woman and I. I'm hispanic by the way.We both had to look for a salesman to help us. This is my first time in my life being ignored. In the end the black woman ended up buying a tablet for her daughter. I bought a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and other resources which totaled over $700. And guess what, the other white customer ended up leaving the store without buying anything. Stop assuming that minorities can't afford items. I would give zero stars but 1 star is the lowest.
2	I don't remember what it was like before it was remodeled, but I feel as if they had a better selection and more items before the remodel. Every time I go there now, it just seems that everything is limited. I have to walk around the store like 10 times to find someone to help or answer my questions. Not impressed with them.
3	4 Stars:  Got what I was looking for2 Stars:  Initial service.  3 Star AverageThis is probably one of the smallest Best Buys that I've been to.  I visited this specific location about 4 times in the last 6 months and each time I got what I was looking for.  Since I got what I needed, I have to at least give them 4 stars.  However, their service here is lacking a bit.  Not lacking in terms of no employees around.  But lacking meaning no one willing to help.  It's like a silent sale here.  No one initiates service, you have to seek it. I arrived this evening looking for a pair of purple Beats for my daughter.  I know my way around a Best Buy so I walked straight to where the headphones are located and didn't find exactly what I was looking for.  I see an employee helping two customers in the area, but noticed they were talking more personal stuff.  Not a big deal. I enjoy the occasional small talk with people too.  Plus, that's good service to strike a conversation, right?  Well as soon as their conversation ended, the employee walked away.  He didn't even ask if I needed any assistance.  I normally wouldn't be irritated, but I think it was obvious I couldn't find what I was looking for because I was checking every peg for the purple Beats.  So I had to do what a lot of these other Yelpers did, look for an employee.  Wasn't an problem finding anyone because employees were everywhere.  Coincidentally, there wasn't a single employee assisting a customer.  I finally found someone and not sure if they can tell that I was irritated, but one came to my help.  I think her name was Brandi, but wasn't sure because she didn't have a name tag. I just remember names.  What I was looking for wasn't on the floor so she checked her computer to verify if they had any in the back.  They had some in the back and looks like she went out of her way to locate the item.  Good save by Brandi and I ended up leaving with what I wanted.  Will I come back?  I am not quitting Best Buy for anyone, not even bad service.  However, I may drive out of my way to another Best Buy.
3	i dont have much to say because it was a quick in and out trip. went in to pick up something that was ordered online.  clerk was friendly and there was no line so i was serviced right away.  there was not many people in there and it felt kind of bare. but i cant really say much because i didnt do a lot of looking around.  for the short trip here, i thought it was okay.
5	I bought a Sony Vaio computer from Best Buy a little over a month ago and have had major issues with it.  I had to take one back and exchanged it for another Vaio because I liked the features of the computer.  I had the first computer less than a week and had problems with windows 8's compatibility with the hardware.  After I exchanged the computer I had hardware issues with the new Sony and spent approximately 4 hours on the phone with Sony tech support to resolve the issue.  After I was able to get the problem resolved, about two weeks later I had the same issue again and was unable to use the computer, which I needed to complete my work.  I called Sony and was told that the wait time was 73 minutes.  That would indicate to me that I wasn't the only customer who was having problems with the computer.I took the computer back to Best Buy and even tho it was past the 30 return/exchange period, the manager allowed me to get rid of the piece of crap and exchange it for another computer, which was of course not a Sony.  I was happy that they were also able to transfer all my files to the new computer for me, since I had done this twice already.I was more than happy with the level of service I received.
5	This best buy location is the only location I will go to!!!!!Ok, so we all have tried many best buy locations, and maybe you go back to one particular location because its conveniently located in your neighborhood. ..not I!!!I currently live next to 3 different location and I will only shop here. ..and its honestly because of the great customer service I receive EVERY TIME I come in!!!!!! Always happy when I come in, and always happy when I leave. .the service has always been consistent and pleasant! I def recommend this location to anyone! !!!!
5	Always servicing customers to the best of their ability. I like this location. Never have any issues. Thanks for replacing my Nintendo DS.
2	Very hard to get help or information. Most of the thirty workers are busy talking to each other than helping you. Does not know where or if they have a product or not. Asked five different people and non of them know what kind of specials they had for Veterans Day.
1	I came here to buy a tablet. Was deciding between the iPad and the Samsung galaxy tab 2. Got the Samsung which I'm happy with. I walked in and was warmly greeted by the manager who asked me what I was looking for. I told him and he handed me off to a sales associate. Now this is the part where I wish had gone to another store to buy my Samsung. This kid was somewhat knowledgeable about the tablets, didn't ask me what my price range was, didn't ask me what I was going to use it for, nothing. I had to ask questions to make conversing happen. As someone who got their start in selling for three years, I was almost disgusted. On my hype about getting a tablet then and there, I decided to buy the Samsung. The "sales" associate then started to tell me about all these other promotions for computers and what not very blandly, which they all had nothing to do with the tablet or really benefiting me. I declined, and another sales associate came over, didn't even say hello and the two started to talk about their day loudly. The "sales" associate handed me my bag and receipt while talking to the other sales associate and not even saying goodbye or even acknowledging that I was there still. I really regret buying from this store because of the experience I had with this young kid. The manager on my way out asked me kindly what I had decided on and was still very nice to me. I wish I would have told him about the rude sales associates. Management, please hire people willing to to be knowledgeable about your products, and attentive to the customers needs. I know the name of the sales associate I delt with, but I'm not that cold to post it here. I just hope he has been removed, otherwise I will be taking my business elsewhere.
1	I just bought a large flat screen today and was "helped" by Tony. Tony was such a jerk! I bought an expensive TV and he gave me attitude for not buying the extended warranty and then was condescending when I said I would buy an HDMI cable somewhere else less expensive. (Their cables are way more expensive than Amazon, Wal Mart, etc). It's hard to get help from the employees in the first place, and then they give you attitude. Yikes!
3	not terrible stock. but not as good as the store on rainbow.
5	We ventured out to Best Buy on a Friday evening around 8:00 p.m.  My son was in the market for a sound bar for his t.v.  He kind of had an idea on the one he wanted and a price range in mind.  While at Best Buy I noticed 2 different sound bars both marked down due to being a return and/or out of box.  Troy noticed my son looking at one and came over.  He offered to discount it down another $40 or so since it was the last one.  My son wanted to try it out and we had 2 different associates (one named Adam and one was a blonde girl but I didn't catch her name) help by providing a connector cable and info.  After he tried it he wasn't sure since it didn't have bluetooth capability.  Troy came back and asked what he thought.  I told Troy that I thought my son was more interested in one with blue tooth like the Samsung.  I pointed to the other open box item on the shelf.  He then agreed and offered to lower it down to the same offer as the other one.  This was $100 off what my son thought he was going to have to pay.  Another side note, as my son was listening to music on the sound bars with his phone, Adam commented on the music saying my son had good taste or something along those lines.  As we were leaving, Adam even hand wrote some other songs for my son to check out on itunes.Overall great experience and good deals!
4	Went into Best Buy after a dismal experience at Walmart. We were looking for a camera, which also happens to be carried by Walmart. Antonio was helpful and informative, explaining the differences (both pros and cons) between similar cameras. Best Buy had the same camera at the same price, with a more friendly, knowledgeable and professional employee.I've had similiar experiences with Best Buy in the past when purchasing cellular phones. I was able to upgrade my phone, through my wireless provider, at Best Buy. The same product at the same price, but a much more customer friendly employee. I will continue to utilize Best Buy for all of my electronic needs. Customer service is huge for me when chosing where to shop. Best Buy has never dissappointed and always seems to put the customer first. Too many other places don't place enough emphasis on customer service.  I will definitely return to Best Buy.
2	Smallest and most confusing Best Buy to navigate that I've ever been to. Came in because my lap top took a crap on me. As a college student I had very little money to spend, but really needed a new lap top. I had a lot of questions about the new Chromebooks and after being ignored for 20 minutes, I finally found some one who was having a personal conversation with a co worker to help me. He treated  me like I was a huge inconvenience in his life, and spoke incredibly condescending when I asked questions about the Chromebook. Needless to say, I left and didn't purchase anything from them, in fact when I went home to CA (on Black Friday) I got much better customer service and I ended up just buying it there, and got a really good deal. Won't return to this location.
2	I was gonna give no stars but luckily the nice guy that ACTUALLY helped us managed to turn around our bad attitude towards our experience tonight. Sorry I didn't remember his name but his associate # from the receipt is 182856. So on to my experience. I came in tonight w/ my mom looking at tablets & laptops. Needed information so that my mom could find out which would be more suitable for her. Wasn't a lot of customers in the store. Just a lot of employees standing around talking. When my mom asked for help she was told we would be helped shortly. After 10 mins she asked for help again. Same thing. So standing there for more than 20 mins my mom was ready to leave. Then a young couple that JUST came in was offered help from a man that has told us multiple times he would find someone to help us. Why couldn't he help us himself? I have no idea. I usually don't write bad reviews but I'm pretty pissed off from the customer service or lack of that this lazy employee was showing. As my mother put it, "I'm mad at that fatass guy." Anyways finally the young man, who's name I forgot to get, helped us into getting a new laptop & warranty plan. Luckily he had a wide knowledge of the computers & was even able to help me decide on what to buy in the future. Best Buy, I suggest you get it together & find some employees who want to work for you & make you money but actually helping customers out.
2	Recently I brought my computer to Best Buy for a warranted repair. As it was under warranty by Asus, it was sent to Asus. I was very explicit about the problem, which was a hardware problem with the cd writer. This has nothing to do with the hard drive. Asus wiped the hard drive totally out even though they reported no problem with it. Fortunately I had the data backed up. what a pain in the ass, though, having to reload everything. Best Buy, from much of what I hear, is famous for hard drive wiping. I can't totally blame them as the real culprit is Asus, but don't they communicate???
4	My wife and I just went here last night and very impressed. Every time I have gone into this store I have always been asked if I need help with finding anything. The staff has always helped and if they didn't know the answer they would find someone who did or could help out. I will continue shopping her for things that I need. We have bought two DVD players from them and a TV and TV stand. They were very helpful with all our purchases.
1	Was there to purchase a sound bar, nobody offered to assist, a few employees walked by and nobody acknowledged me. Tired of waiting I removed the tag from the display to pay at the customer service and an employee saw me walking by very frustrated and offered to help.  He lied and said everyone was busy assisting other customers when there were three employees 10 steps away from us laughing and talking to each other.  After being there a long time I paid for the item and waited more to find out they were unable to find the item.  I asked for a refund and left as fast as I could.  I can't believe that the employee didn't even try to upsell me or offer something comparable and let a sale walk out the door.  When I got home I completed their Best Buy Cares survey, requested for someone to contact me and they never did.  I actually think you can get better service from the Best Buy bending machines than at an actual store.  I would recommend for people to just test the items you want to buy at best buy and just purchase them directly from Amazon 9 out of 10 times they will be cheaper.
5	KEVEN! I have to thank you sincerely for helping us purchase our 60 inch! He was SO knowledgable and never pushed us to buy anything. He told us pros and cons of every tv we looked at which made our decision extremely easy.  I always appreciate a no pressure sales man, and keven you were that! Walked away with a 60 inch out of box.
1	Their repair center has a bunch of retarded monkeys working there. Sent my camera out for repair and they returned it to me worse than it was. Sent out my camera to be re-repaired and now it has missing parts. They said the repair center has the missing piece but i would have to send my camera back out for another 2 weeks for a total of 1 1/2 months just because they couldnt do their fucking job right! WTF!!! I told them just to send me back the piece and they dont want to return it! Bullshit!
4	My husband and I buy just about all our electronics at Best Buy. This Best Buy, located off the 215 and Decatur, is conveniently located and in a great shopping center. I like the lay out of the store and appreciate how clean looking it is. I like shopping at this location because it's quiet and is pretty low-key. I've been to other locations in Vegas where the store is jam packed and lines are a mile long- this Best Buy seems to get less foot traffic. The employees are generally really helpful, but to be honest it can be hit or miss. Sometimes there's an army of blue-shirts asking us if we need help at every turn, and at other times it can feel like a no-man's land. The fluctuation in customer service can be trying, but I feel like the wide selection of electronics and the professionalism of employees makes Best Buy the leading competitor for consumer electronics. I could just as easily go to the nearby Walmart or Target, but most of the time I choose Best Buy. I have way more positive experiences at this Best Buy than negative ones.
5	Went to best buy the other night to buy a TV. While I was looking in the TV section, Chelsea came up to me to help out. She was so informational and helpful. She helped me picked the right TV, and had such a great personality that she got me to buy a TV stand and surround sound as well. I will definitely go back to  her when I need more electronics. She needs a raise! -Joe
1	I needed a USB3 port external hard drive 1 terabyte.   They had no technical knowledge what so ever.  This was 1 of many useless trips where the staff didn't know their stuff and it took forever to get help.
1	INCOMPETENT children including supervision are employed here.  Do not come here for anything related to car audio systems, you will waste your time.            I had an appointement to have a radio installed for over a week.  I was assured that the installation would not have any issues
4	Nothing special about our visit.  They fixed a broken iPhone that had a bad screen.  They were friendly.
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!! To all parents: if you are buying a computer like I did for my college student, you might be buying a factory defect. I bought a top of the line computer for my daughter who goes to UNR and after 6 weeks it stopped working. The geeks squad cannot fix a laptop since they don't have a "clean room" they have to send it out for repairs. it will take 3 weeks!!!!! So now I have to buy a new computer because best buy won't stand behind their products and just return it and give her a new one. I don't know about you but I would expect more than 6 weeks of use. Now, if you bought their e xtended warranty they will fix it?! Extortion or bribery?
1	COD AW release was horrible!  They let a group of people in to Pre pickup the game an hour early then refused to let the rest of us in that came, then allowed a group of people to hold up the whole line for 10 min
1	Visited twice today. Waited over 30 minutes for help each time (the second time I just gave up and left). Noticed many other customers in the same boat or asking for help to find out it was not that associate's dept.  Seems like if you are interested in a pc or tv there are plenty of folks to help you, but if you aren't buying a big ticket item you are on your own. Amazon.com here I come.
1	I usually get great service at this location, everyone is attentive and very helpful. But just a few weeks ago I dropped off my camera to the Geek Squad to get fixed. They asked me to take out my Memory card and they would mail it out to have its problem solved. I received my camera the other day and the battery was missing... I call the service number attached in the packaging and they said that they had received the camera without a battery and to check with Best Buy. I go in tonight and ask them what happened to my battery? The "team manager" tells me I should have taken it out because I wouldn't get it back once it's sent out, well why didn't your staff tell me that? All they said was take out my memory card. What did they do with my battery?! So not only did they screw me out of a battery he didn't do much to help. All he could do was "order me a new one because they don't have them in store". So why should I have to pay for a new battery when it is under warranty and your employee is responsible for the loss of my battery?! Needless to say I'm very disappointed with "Geek Squad" for not making this clear and screwing me out of a battery just in time for Thanksgiving pictures! Guess we won't have any this year!
