4	On Nicholson street you'd be hard pressed not to find somewhere for lunch. Littered with not only restaurants, but delis and sandwich joints, like Baguette King, you can't really go wrong.You'll likely have visited (or at least smelled) Subway. Well Baguette King is like a slightly less salty, independent version of Subway. Friendlier, probably healthier, and definitely cheaper, I'd always choose Baguette King first. Baguette King, perfect for picking up sandwiches and of course baguettes with a great variety of filling including much to satiate the vegetarian, is definitely a preferred lunch option if I absolutely can't bring myself to make my own (which is rare). The hidden health costs in the likes of Subway always put me off, but Baguette King seemingly uses fresher and better ingredients and crucially less salt. Overall the food seems a lot less greasy too. They also offer healthier drink options like smoothies.As mentioned before, the prices are highly competitive and they offer a student discount to boot!
4	If you're looking for a quick fix solution to your hunger pangs, then look no further than the Baguette King!With a variety of toppings and prices to rival even the likes of Baguette Express, Baguette King serve up healthy enough filled rolls and yes, baguettes. They have a nice wee selection and the service is good. But most impressive is the price, making this one of the cheapest places to snap up some eats in this area of Edinburgh.It's an independent business, clean, the staff are efficient and it's open during peak times. Being situated in an area that is busy with greasy takeaways, Baguette King offers an affordable alternative that's easier on your belly than a kebab!
4	Standard sandwich shop.  I would normally only give this place a three star rating,but this place gets a special exception.  I lived in Edinburgh for awhile and this was the only store I could find that sold Mountain Dew.It is fairly cramped in there,so don't take a group of people and expect everyone to get a seat.
