3	Yeah, it's one of your typical Starbies.  And I know there's better coffee out there.  Writing a review on this may be construed as lame.  But there's a reason why it garnered my attention: It's a drive-through!Realize the significance and beauty of it:Hung over.  Tired.  Unable to stand for long periods of time.  Need caffeine.  Not a problem at the drive-through.Starbs:  How may I help you?Me: caaaarghhhh ummmmmmStarbs: I'm sorry.  Could you repeat that order?Me: uuuhhhh oooohhhhhheeeeStarbs: One more time, sir?Me: CoooofffeeeeStarbs:  Okay, what size?SILENCEStarbs:  That's okay sir.  Just drive up to the first window.SILENCEA CAR HONKSIT HONKS AGAINI wake up.  Me: CoooofffeeeeSorry about that.
3	Drive thru entrance is a little hard to find, it's behind Bank of America.
5	Who doesnt love starbucks! Any place, any time!
5	Grande non fat late. Venti Caramel frap light. Grande iced with skim. Always consistent. Thanks Starbucks
5	The staff here are all very upbeat, friendly and professional. The store is clean and well organized. The drinks are consistently good! We always hit this Starbucks on our way out of town. So you can thank these fine baristas for keeping me caffeinated and awake, preventing me from being a menace on the road...well, more of a menace on the road.
5	Awesome people, service is fast. They have their days when they get slammed, but the service is as good as you'll get from any starbucks from any busy metro in the US (New York, LA, Chicago). The staff is always friendly and makes an effort in getting to know their regulars. Best of all, there's drive thru! Just don't for the lane to be easy for your gas guzzling behemoth.
5	grande skinny caramel macchiato.... only 140-calories!!! amazing :)
5	My Starbucks of Choice. Jericho is my regular drive thru barista. It only took him two days to realize im a reg and start pouring on that Vegas friendliness I have been so blessed to enjoy since I moved here. I told him about how Fort Apache and my old San Diego Starbucks told me no more grande in a trenta even though I show my patronage to the Starbucks most usually 2-4 times a day. He has assured me that Rainbow does it in a Trenta Cup all day long. So.... I'm hooked. Rainbow is my reg starbucks no matter where Im headed.
5	This is the best starbucks in town....lets just say I go through the drive through and just say my name and when I get to the window and my drink is made perfect and sometimes I even get a lil note on my cup! love the staff and come on its Starbucks! lol
3	It is starbucks so you know what to expect from the beverages and food served. I am giving this place a 3 because of the baristas. There was one chick in the window one morning and she was so rude I almost had to walk inside to complain. I saw her again and I had to drive my car around and get out to get a straw for my cold drink because the girl wouldn't come back to the window. I don't really like this location. I only go there if I'm close and don't feel like driving any further for my starbucks fix.
5	Friendly, quick, clean, consistent. Everything I look for in Starbucks. The drive-through has always been friendly and helpful and on occasion, hilariously funny (which helps on those mornings when I don't want to drag myself into work).
4	It is a convenient location for me being that I pass it every time I go anywhere. The staff is very friendly and they do offer free wifi. Always expect the drive thru to be long and timely. So if you're in a rush, definitely set aside some extra time if you intended to stop by.
4	Convenient location and there's a drive thru, which is obviously a plus. Service was incredibly fast and friendly. The staff was incredibly friendly as well. Smile on their faces as they assist me with my order, which is great.
5	This is a GREAT Starbucks. I always use the drive through and I LOVE that you can see the barrista on the camera when you order. Most of the time the barrista is very smiley and happy. Makes ordering through drive through much more personal. I have always had great service. One time my order took a long time and they were proactive to give me a coupon for a future complimentary drink due to the delay. I won't go to any other location in my area.
1	The worst Starbucks service and most inept employees ever! Yesterday was officially my last visit to this shitty location ever.Of course the line inside is out the ass, but I'm fiending so oh well. Many minutes later I finally place my order. But I also wanted to recharge my Starbucks card with $100. It seems like any business would be happy to get $100 these days right. I guess not. The rude ass woman at the register tried to swipe my card once and it didn't go thru. So she says in a very bitch manner "It won't swipe, I don't know what you want me to do with this" and just hands me back the card. Well how about you try a second time. And if that fails too, how about you take 14 seconds to punch the numbers in. You are an employee on the clock right? Well I guess doing her job was just so out of line because she was unwilling to do either one. So no money or business for you. I'll gladly drive to a different location that actually values my money and presence. Which is what I did, I went down the street and got my card recharged. And after complaining to the manager there about what had happened, she apologized and said she'd contact the manager of this store, and then comped me my drink as a token of good will. So with other much better and friendlier locations a mile or so away I will take my business there, and I encourage everyone else to do the same.
1	Stopped in here with the family and was not happy. I ordered 3 small frappuccinos. The problem that I had was when mine and my son's frappuccino came out they were wrong. Even though we had ordered the same kind we never even put a straw into them. We knew it wasn't right and I told the barrista they were wrong. She acted like I slapped her in the face! She grabbed them up and dumped them out and started over using the same plastic cups she just rinsed out in the damn sink! When she slapped them on the counter my son took his and went to sit outside. I went to get a straw and a napkin to wipe the side of the cup off because in her shitty haste the bitchy barrista didn't care that she slopped my $5.00 drink down the side. To my surprise the cup was actually cracked down the side. So, I go back and show it to the barrista. I swear she looked like she wanted to slap me! She swiftly grabbed the cup up, poured it into another cup, put a lid on it and slammed it on the counter again.I will not EVER come back to this Starbucks again!!! Your customer service and shitty attitude assures this!!!!
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had in a Starbucks. Very unfriendly staff.  First Starbucks I felt that everyone had an attitude.  The cashier took my order and didn't even smile or thanked me after I ordered. I paid with my rechargeable Starbucks card and asked to see if I had any load in there. She just threw my other card that had zero balance without even asking if I wanted to reload it. Handed me my receipt and walked away without telling me that she got my order or thank you. To top it off, I ordered a donut and didn't give it to me until I asked for it 10mins later. The crew memeber didn't even apologize for forgetting to give me my order as if that's ok to just go ahead and give it to me without any explanation or at least apologize for the mistake or delay.  They need to change the crew inside that Starbucks. I would now have 2nd thoughts going in that particular Starbucks.
1	This location is just a faux SB, it's run by the supermarket it's located in and you can tell.  THey don't take SB gift cards and the staff is rude and make terrible drinks.
1	The drink service has gotten better recently, but the wifi is still so unreliable I have started going to the other starbucks down the street across 215. The staff is much nicer there too.
3	Friendly staff I must say but drive thru is a pain in the morning. Better off going inside. A lot faster
3	The coffee gets the typical three stars, the service here loses the other stars.  I am a recent transport from CA and maybe its different out here but it takes forever to get your drinks here.  The last time I was in the drive thru there were three cars and it took me 20 minutes to just get to the window to pay and another 5 to get my drink.  I normally go inside in the mornings, there are only one or two other people there and it still takes ten minutes.  Its the closest Starbucks store so I will continue going there but I really think they need to change the management of this store.
1	Worst service at any Starbucks I've ever been to. I try to avoid coming to this location at all costs, but it's the closest to me and sometimes I think the service just might be better this next time. Every time I order a cooked good item, every time, I wait for over ten minutes and have to remind them that I ordered it. They have 10 people working behind the counter and it is the slowest service ever! And my drink, absolutely garbage compared to every other Starbucks, including the ones inside the grocery stores. Amazing how this place is allowed to operate like this.
1	Slowest most annoying Starbucks ever.  They seriously are ridiculous.
1	SLOOOOOOOWEST Starbucks ever! Never waited so long for a drink ever! I sat in the drive thru so long I wanted to run over the curb to get out of there!!!
2	Typical Starbucks... Service and drinks are okay.  Could be better, but could also be worse.Reason for the two star rating is the staffs' disregard for health codes regarding animals.  The ONLY reason an animal would be allowed in the restaurant is if it's a service animal.  This morning multiple employees were oooing and ahing a tiny dog brought in by a customer.  This is not the first time I've seen this here.  When I questioned the cashier about it, she told me it was okay as long as it didn't touch the floor.  WRONG.  Cuteness does not justify violating health code.  And before you start to think I'm an animal hater, I have two dogs.  Guess where I do not take them... Any and all restaurants.  Pets should stay home.Here is what health code says:NAC 446.625  Animals on premises prohibited; exceptions. (NRS 439.150, 439.200, 446.940)1.  Except as otherwise provided in this section, live animals, including birds and turtles, are not allowed on the premises of a food establishment or on adjacent areas under the control of the holder of the permit for the operation of the food establishment. Edible fish or decorative fish in aquariums, shellfish or crustacea on ice or under refrigeration, and shellfish and crustacea in a display tank may be present on the premises of a food establishment if food, equipment, utensils, linens or unwrapped articles designed for a single service or a single use are not contaminated.2.  Dogs accompanying security or police officers are permitted in offices, storage areas and dining areas. Sentry dogs may be permitted to run loose in outside fenced areas for security reasons. Guide dogs accompanying persons with a visual, aural or physical disability or trainers who are training guide dogs are permitted in dining or sales areas. Such dogs are not allowed on the seats or tables of a food establishment.3.  Food handlers must not care for or handle any pets while on duty.4.  Live or dead fish bait must be stored separately from food or food products in retail stores.
1	I ALWAYS regret coming to this Starbucks location. I've currently been standing here waiting for my simple iced coffee for 5 minutes and they're not even busy. I only stop here occasionally because it happens to be on my way to run errands. The cream/sugar stand is always unkept and the workers are super rude. Go to the one on Jones (Badura). For real.Okay if you must go here go through drive-thru because it seems to be faster.
1	Wow this place is in need of some customer service training. I came in on a Saturday night a little past 8pm and had a 3 drink orders and a request for a coffee travel pack. Now I usually order travel packs and know it takes 15-20 min to set up if you don't call ahead. Well the guy at the counter says you can't order travel packs because those have to be called ahead of time. I was like really? Well I'll wait and he proceeded to sigh, grin, roll his eyes...clearly not wanting to do the work.  So I told him to cancel the order and went down the street with no problems. I've never had this happen to me before since I've been going to Starbucks for several years and disappointed by this experience.
4	Drive thru is always pretty fast
1	The worst Starbucks in LasVegas!!!!!! Drive the extra miles to get the service u deserve!!!!! Always out of everything service is the worst ever
3	I enjoyed the house brewed coffee!  The servers are very slow and they seemed to visit with each other way to !
1	This is CONSISTENTLY the slowest and worst customer service of all the 50+ locations I've been too!! Anyone who follows my checkin's know's I can't start my day without a coffee. I also travel quite a bit for many reason so I have been to more than my fair share of coffee houses around the world. I hate to say it, but the Service at this location would be rated the very worst of them all. The drive thru is ridiculously slow!! There is always at least 2 or 3 cars, and takes about the same amount of time as 6+. The staff ignores you when you walk up to the register half the time while they talk about their weekend or shift or whatever. I could go on and on.... But the coffee is still a good Starbucks coffee like I'm used to, there's still free WiFi, it's close to my house and has outdoor seating. So for those reasons I keep coming back. I just know I have to have a lot of extra patience on those days.
1	Slowest Starbucks ever !! Consistently slow and I'm not sure why because they are never much busier than any other location . Drive through takes FOREVER and they never even offer an apology or to buy your drink for the inconvenience . Maybe they need to drink more coffee to wake up !
1	This is, by far, the WORST Corporate Starbucks I've ever been to. The service is horrible, it takes longer than necessary to receive my drinks and everything is always so messy. The only reason why I keep coming back here is the convenience because I live right down the street.I work at the Starbucks in the Mandalay Bay next to the House of Blues, and even though it's not a corporate Starbucks, we still hold all the same procedures and values. Whenever I go into this particular Starbucks, it takes forever to be acknowledged if it's not busy. When my order is being taken, they're usually very rude or preoccupied with things other than their actual job- for example they're talking to eachother about their personal lives or how their shift has been going. If I just order one drink it will take around 5 - 10 minutes, depending on how distracted by conversation the baristas are. If I need milk from the condiment bar, it's usually expired already or there is no milk at all.Forget it if I'm going through the drive thru. I have about three different rewards accumulated on my Starbucks cards because when I let them know that I have a reward, I just get ignored and they charge me the full price anyway.Long story short, the workers give off a nasty, snarky attitude and they take forever to make the simplest of things.
1	I absolutely hate that this is the closest Starbucks to my house. It has to be the worst Starbucks in Vegas. Only a handful of the staff are actually pleasant. I've actually seen employees fighting while I'm waiting in line for my coffee, they swear at each other, and are completely rude to customers. Also prepare to wait FOREVER in the drive through line. And they do not care whatsoever if they get your order wrong or you wait for a century. Worst Starbucks in Vegas. I literally drive out of the way to go to the other Starbucks over the 215.
2	I live right down the street from this Starbucks, so I've visited frequently. The speed of the drive through isn't really an issue, but the quality of the drinks I've received the last three times I've been there have been a bit less than satisfactory. I ordered a green tea lemonade that came out to me still warm with three ice cubes floating in it, an iced coffee in which I requested classic syrup with no syrup and not nearly the amount of extra cream requested, and today an iced coffee with the exact same issue. I wasn't able to request correction the first two times, but I did on the third and was met with short attitude, despite me being the last car in line - there wasn't a reason for the rushed tone. The location is convenient, however I will go out of my way to Jones/Badura or Rainbow/Sunset going forward. I suggest the same to avoid a terrible drink that's already overpriced.
1	Always mixing up my order and they aren't friendly about fixing it either. I actually drive farther to avoid this Starbucks even though it's on my way to the freeway. It used to be good but I think the good employees moved on. The Starbucks north of the 215 on Rainbow is way better.
1	Slowest Starbucks ever. I still cannot fathom why an ice coffee literally takes 15 minutes to order and receive every single time. They never mix my order up but they always do apologize for the unreasonable wait.
1	By far worst Starbucks EVER!! waited in the drive thru yesterday for 30mins?!? Really? Only because I couldn't escape from the line. Haha. Then to get my java chip frap that was the worst one I've ever had.. So waisted 30mins of my day to get a drink I couldn't even drink. Thanks but no thanks. I will not return. For being such a huge corporate place. They should have enough people that can do there job correctly.
3	No wonder this place has such a bad rating. The cashier with the non-uniform pink apron has the most sour puss face I've ever seen at a Starbucks. Listen, I have purchased several thousand drinks from Starbucks in my life and I don't think I've ever been served by someone so unpleasant looking. Yikes.
2	Slowest Starbucks I've been to.... Unfortunate because this one is a convenient location to where I live but the drive through always takes 10-15 minutes whether there's 2 people in line or 12.  People very nice and friendly but not effect enough for how quick Starbucks is elsewhere
1	These employees appear to be poorly trained and aggressively unfriendly, a deadly combination.I would never think to write a review for a Starbucks, because they are so consistent in their quality of beverages and presentation skills. In addition to attitude and demeanor problems of the staff, my beverage and the subsequent refill were both prepared incorrectly, adding to my initial negative impression.  The corrections were made, but with an attitude.This is the worst Starbucks I have ever been to.
1	My daily routine is to drive to Starbucks to work everyday. I usually go to the one on towns center and charleston. I happened to stop by this one 2day and waited 25 min @ the drive thru before I got my drink. Not even an apology or comp drink. Horrible customer service!
2	Drive thru is super slow. No one in front of us had an order more than 2 drinks. They need to get it together. Go to the Starbucks down the street inside the smiths on windmill and rainbow.
1	By far the worst starbucks I've been to. Not only did my drink take extremely long, I couldn't believe how dirty the area was where they were making the drinks. It was disgusting!  On top of that I ordered and payed for a venti and received a grande and it tasted like watered down caramel sugar milk. I hate to say I will not be going back there.
2	Not a very nice group of employees.  I say thank you and they walk away.  Not used to such abrasive employees at a Starbucks.  It might be time for management to review customer service expectations here.
4	Great store, my home ... They are the best during the week in the AM. Their weekend team needs to learn from the A-Team but it's still better than some other stores. I mean it's Starbucks after all... Yeah I'll wait.
5	So funny reading the negative reviews because that's exactly how I felt about the Starbucks on Las Vegas Blvd. and Windmill that I was "forced" to go to since it was on my way to work. THIS one on the other hand, I've never had a problem with. The drive through does seem to always be busy so I just go in. There's never a long line and I usually get my drink within 5 min of ordering.
1	I am rating on the Starbucks by warm spring and rainbow, not the one inside the supermarket. This staff there is very unfriendly. We went there for coffee at 9:30pm, which is almost at closing time. I wanted a cup of decaf, the guy said he was going to do a pour over, which is fine, since they were almost closing anyways. Since pour over takes a little bit of time, I grabbed a seat with my friends. Almost 10 minutes passed by (I got carried away in the conversation), I turned and noticed my coffee was by the cashier register, instead of the pick up window. No one bothered to say "your coffee is ready". Nothing! They were all busy closing up! I visit  Starbucks at least 12 times a month, sometimes twice a day, this is the worst customer service I have ever encountered. I will never return to this location again.
1	Unfortunately this is the worst Starbucks that I have ever been to, yeah it's the one that is closest to my home.  Everytime I go here I have to deal with the rudest customer service people. They need a new hiring manager to straighten this out.
4	Thumbs Up!
1	I usually don't write bad reviews. I love my coffee and I have expectations. No caramel drizzle and no cup holders?? Inventory personnel need to be fired. End of rant :)
5	Great service. Excellent consistency. After all, it is a Starbucks. Lines are never too long and I've yet to have them mess up my order.
1	Worse SB in Vegas. Gave two tries in this location, both orders were a mocha, very watery. One time i was using my free reward, the drive thru cashier said she need to take my phone to another cashier station to confirm my reward, WTF! She is very rude! No wonder this place only has 2.5 stars in Yelp.
1	Worst service here ever. The baristas give you dirty looks and are more occupied with their side chat.
4	This starbucks has a pretty good service  ! Hey novody is perfect but good intentions are always  there. Keep up your good work people  ; )
4	I go to this Starbucks often and like it, though I still dearly miss Border's/Seattle's Best at Town Square. Staff ranges from very friendly and excellent at their job, others are just average, but I've never personally experienced any outright rudeness.Main complaint is that the bathrooms and tables often go too long without cleaning,  as do the trashcans without emptying. Hopefully management sees this and ensures the store is adequately staffed for those things to get done.
2	So I'm writing this as I'm waiting OVER 30 minutes in the drive thru line. ..wow! Really over 30?????? It's coffee.  How can it take over 30 minutes?  This is so bad for a drive thru.  Maybe they should get rid of the drive thru.  Have they never heard of having pull up and wait if there is an order that is taking a super long time to make? Horrible service and now I understand why the 2 stars.  I will never come back here.  The whole reason for drive thru is quick service.  They certainly did not meet that requirement.One extra star for discount on coffee but lose 3 stars for wasting my time.
1	This review is for my Drive Thru experience this afternoon, which was very unpleasant. I ordered a cappuccino (extra shot, extra hot, two raw sugars and breve). Not that high maintenance, it's a drink I order there daily. This is a morning drink for me, and they always make it perfectly in the morning. Well, NOT the case when Oliver is working the drive thru window in the afternoon. It was a LONG wait, but I forgive that because sometimes that just happens. However, when I got to the window, while Oliver was charging my card (and hadn't given me my drink yet) I asked him to make sure the two sugars were in my drink. He said "No, but I can give you two sugars and you can do it yourself"....REALLY? I keep my car very clean and didn't want a mess in it. If I wanted to do it myself, I would've went into the store. Instead, he hands me the sugars and a stir stick. As I'm driving home, I taste my drink and realize that it is in fact not breve and there's no extra shot. Tastes pretty watery. Called the store when I got home, Oliver answers and I ask to speak to the manager. He said he was the manager, to which I responded "Really?" and he rudely says "Yeah really. Why, don't I sound manegerly enough?" I explained to him that I expected a drink I ordered, made correctly, especially if made by the manager. I told the problem with my drink and he was a snot about it and didn't care. He said "I probably forgot to write breve on it. Don't really know about the extra shot". I told him that due to the distance, I wasn't coming back to have the drink corrected tonight. He made no effort to make it right and that's lazy, low class customer service. Upset that one pays $5 for a coffee and no effort is made to make it right the first time, OR correct it when it's wrong. Oliver's shitty attitude makes this Starbucks a train wreck. Avoid at all costs. Grocery store Starbucks stores are above and beyond anything this kid puts out. Sad managerial choice, Starbucks. Time to replace Oliver with someone who cares!
1	I've been to this Starbucks about five times these past two weeks during the evening always around 4 and each time has been worse than the last. I've gone through both the drive thru and have gone inside (only because the drive thru line was ridiculously long) and either way, the service has been utter sh*t. Well, I take that back, the couple times I managed to be patient enough to sit through the long wait at the drive thru, the employees were pretty nice. Nevertheless, all the times I've gone inside, which is more often than the drive thru, the baristas seem so miserable.1. They never smile. Not even once. And2. They move at a glacial pace. I've seen sloths move faster. You'd think with all the caffeine around they would be moving pretty quick. (There's one asian girl with glasses that moves fast but everyone else is in slow mo mode)I will say though, today even though the cashier got my order WRONG after I repeated myself (asked for a grande, got a tall) the gentlemen that made my drink did an amazing job. (He's the one with the long, curly hair.) He's made the best green tea frappuccino so far. Either way, I will not be going back to this Starbucks ever again. Also the parking blows.
1	Went through the drive thru tonight at 9pm. We ordered 3 drinks. Came to $14. They wouldn't break a $100 bill. They didn't give us our already made drinks. So we went and got change.  Came back and went inside.  A lady named Robin took our order. She seemed really pissed and was not friendly whatsoever. They were out of Grande cups so we got ventis. At least they remade our drinks. However we could still see our three previously ordered drinks on the counter. What a waste of product. Then when we got our hot drinks we asked for stoppers. The drive thru lady said were out of those too. So someone didn't order correctly. I then asked for stickers. She gave me attitude,  did a couple other tasks then brought me 2 stickers for 3 drinks. What a joke.  Terrible customer service.
2	I have had a lot of issues at this location.  They often run out of breakfast items, even early in the morning and my ice tea is always watered down even though I order it with no water added. The staff isn't always friendly as if they really don't want to be there half of the time.  The drive thru is exceedingly slow but the parking is so bad, it is sometimes impossible to park and go in. As much as I love Starbucks, I try to avoid this location whenever possible.
4	So I decided to give this location another shot but in the morning. I have to say the morning crew are much more pleasant and more efficient than the night crew. Ill only be coming here during the mornings from now on.
2	This Starbucks does not provide friendly service. No employee is having a good time here, ever. I frowny face to that.The drinks are not consistent at this location either. The iced green tea latte is not shaken enough so I can still not only taste the powder at the bottom, I can see it at the bottom. What the fish. The only good thing about this location is that they're open until 9pm.
3	I've only been to this Starbucks a couple times, always drive thru. There always seems to be a long line of cars and takes a few minutes more than we're use to but nothing really to complain too much about. Same coffee as other locations. Friendly, helpful staff.
1	Horrible experience at this location. Went through the drive-thru - out of ALL holiday drinks ... really, a week before Christmas and you say "we have coffee or tea, that's it" ... ummmmmm, how about sending your employee to the Albertson's location 100 yards away and borrow what you are out of?I said, "OK, nevermind, we will come back another time". Then, sat behind another car for 23 minutes in the drive-thru. There is no way the employee did not know the next car in line (me) did not order anything - maybe ask them to pull forward to let me out? Then, when passing the window, no acknowledgement at all from the employee.The reviews for this location are accurate ... Starbucks, time for a change?
1	Least favorite location in town. It always takes forever, staff is unfriendly, and whether you go inside or through the drive thru...it's always a long wait. One time I waited 20 minutes to be told they were out of iced coffee...no thank you. I will drive out of my way to another location (which is sad because one is the closest).
