5	I was looking for a place to get my Yearly Exam done, and My sister had visited this place. I decided to make an appointment and they offered Same day or Next Day appointments, so if you are looking to be see ASAP, they will accommodate! I was very pleased with the way I was treated over the phone. I scheduled an appointment for the following week, with no problem.Wow The place is Beautiful, from Cleanliness to Decor I was just so impressed. You are greeted as soon as you step inside, and the attention is on you, You really feel Special here :DI got to see Lisa! She was Professional and very Knowledgable in what she is an Expert at. She was very patient, and I felt very comfortable with her. She is young and confident in answering all your questions. I Loved it here! The whole experience from getting there to leaving was Amazing, the entire staff is on Point! Very Happy Patient here!
5	I searched everywhere and happy to say I came back and ended up going to this facility. They truly love what they do and are very respectful.  I saw Kelly and would recommend her for any gyn needs.  Thanks
1	Doctors aren't very good here. We had issues with the billing dept that shouldn't of happened. Go somewhere else.
1	I will give a negative if I can. Horrible experience. It is a mommy mill,  charge extra for everything, stuff are always in a rush. I have to change my ob doctor after 3 months of services
5	One day I was not feeling good and took a pregnancy test to prove to my mom I wasn't pregnant. When does two little lines showed up, I knew I need to get some care. I just moved to the Tempe area and finding an OB was not on my list of things to do. I herd some pretty good things about MomDoc so I decided "What the heck, lets go here"  They have the most flexible hours I have ever seen. They are open from 7am to 8pm Monday thru Friday and even up 8am to 5pm on Saturday which is great for my work schedule. They do offer same day appointments or next day appointments if they are booked up for the day. If your pregnant you will be delivering at Scottsdale Osborne. I love the staff and yes it is a bit silly walking in and not seeing a front desk where you would normally check in but the ladies that are sitting in the waiting room with the Ipads are MA's and more then likely will take you back for your appointment.
