5	Wow Emily is the best of the best!! She does everything from hair styles, haircuts and color!!! Once you let her work her magic on your hair trust me you will NEVER EVER let anyone else touch your hair because she is AMAZING!!!
5	Emily is amazing!  I was in need of a new hair stylist and I found Emily here on Yelp. She works in a salon near my home so I thought I would try her out after reading her reviews listed under the salon she works at. I wasn't really sure what I wanted done, other than a cut and color.  Emily suggested colors that would work well on me and we discussed how I would like my hair cut and she made some suggestions. Emily is very knowledgable and made me feel very at ease. She is also very friendly and easy to talk to! She also gave me some tips on styling as she was styling my hair after the cut and color. I have had bad experiences with new stylists, as I'm sure most people have, but I highly recommend a visit to Emily if you are looking for a great stylist who knows her stuff!  She did exactly what I wanted and I was so impressed that I made my next appointment before I left!  Thank you Emily!!
5	Emily is the best ! She does exactly what you ask and does it beautifully!:)) I am so glad I found her.
5	Love her!! I am new to town and really worried about my highlights matching up or the color being off. Emily did AMAZING!! She is my new forever-hair-home :)
5	Emily Bailey is fantastic!  She is detailed, experienced and gives great recommendations.  Emily takes her time and educates you along the way about products, styling advice and how to properly take care of your hair.  The experience was all around amazing!  Will definitely be visiting Emily every 4 weeks.
5	I found Emily on Yelp and was impressed by the great reviews.  I was visiting my family in Henderson from Minneapolis and decided I needed a big change in my hairstyle, and went to see Emily.  She was warm and receptive immediately, and listened carefully to what I was looking for in my hairstyle.  I brought a few pictures to show her just to give her an idea of what direction I was interested in.  She gave me a beautiful cut and took her time, first doing a more conservative cut, showing me and then we both decided to go shorter.  All in all, I love my new cut and really enjoyed Emily's personality.  She even gave me a mirror to watch as she dried my hair and walked me through some blowdrying tips.  I plan on getting my haircut with her whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	I was so lucky to find Emily right after moving to Las Vegas!  She had great Yelp reviews, and she's a Redkin certified colorist.  My last stylist in San Diego also used Redkin, and she communicated to Emily my color formula, and Emily was able to duplicate it easily.  I was in the process of growing out a really layered cut that I loved (now I want long hair again), and Emily is doing great with the growing out process.  She is very thorough in asking what you want before doing anything to your hair (in every appointment).  I usually get my roots retouched every 6 weeks, and a bang trim every 2-3 weeks... I love talking to her during my appointments, and if I have work to do, she lets me have time to myself to do what I need to do while my color sets. She is just a warm and sweet person, and I agree with another reviewer here, she gives GREAT recommendations for LV newbies.  Prices are totally reasonable, and the results are fabulous!
5	Finally someone who knows how to cut hair evenly!!! Emily is so sweet and really takes the time to get to know her clients and what they like before she starts cutting. I came in a little scared because I have had so many bad haircuts and highlights but she put me right at ease and did such a wonderful job. I cannot wait to go back and see her in eight weeks!!
5	Emily is great! I'm sure she's the kind of stylist that will give you exactly what you ask for, but if you're not certain, she's great at helping guide you. I went into her studio for the first time with only a vague idea of what I wanted, and she helped give me a stylish cut and showed me how to style it and everything. We later added highlights, and after refreshing them a couple weeks ago, they look better than ever.She always has interesting tidbits and recommendations to share, and her prices are pretty reasonable. She stands by her work and genuinely wants you to be happy with the work she's done.I would definitely recommend her!
5	Emily is a fantastic stylist.  I like what she does with my hair, every time. She not only does what you ask, but also makes suggestions of new things to try once she learns how your hair grows. She is also an incredible colorist. She makes my hair look natural and I love how it looks. I was spoiled by my stylist when I lived in Orlando, so it was even more difficult finding someone in Las Vegas that could do what I wanted. I tried 4 different stylists before finding Emily.  She is now the new standard by which others are judged. Go see Emily, she is excellent, you won't be disappointed!
