5	I followed the barbers here from another barbershop when they decided to open their own shop.  The place looks great and it's even closer to where I live.  I would not go anywhere else!
5	Great cut. They take they're time and are very friendly. Great price and clean atmosphere. This is my new barber shop.
1	I went on a Sunday afternoon with my son so we could both get our hair cut. There was one Barber that was just finishing up her last client.  We waited about 15 minutes and were never acknowledged by the barber.  Right when her last patron was finished? She called my son up.  Right then, another person came in and she said she told him he was next and that she would hurry with my son.  She never told me she had an appointment coming in and wasted both of our time.   This was the second time in the last month that we tried this barber.  The prior visit, there was two ladies cutting hair, we were next To go and right before we were called up, two people with appointments showed up.  At no time were we told their was a wait either occasion or that they had appointments next.This is a Barber as advertised, not a Beauty Salon.  Barbers historically are walk in.  This is not a "friendly barber" as the name indicates. The service and communication at this shop I horrible.  Don't waste your time.  Go across the street to Mr. D's or down the street to Anthem Barbers near Smiths.  Way more professional and always have ample staff to cut hair.
5	This is the best place to get your haircut and I always enjoy getting my haircut. Thanks for all your great service.
4	Walked in at close to closing time, and got a stellar cut. Thank you Rose.
5	i got a terrible hair cut from another shop in the area and needed help.  I really got butchered by that barber.  My friends thought I fell asleep on a lawn and got run over by a lawn mower.  Thank Goodness I found this shop and Belinda.  She was able to make what's left on my head so I can look half decent. I have been back and will continue to get my hair cut from Belinda.  Good barbers are difficult to find and she is an excellent barber/stylist.
5	GREAT MEN'S HAIRSTYLISTI used to drive into Chinatown to see the same hairstylist for the past 15 years.  Ann has become a most successful entrepreneur and no longer works Fridays or weekends. Good for her and not so good for me or for Yu-go. We happened to be at Pho MaiLan and Yu-go asked Albert (one of the owners) if he was familiar with the people at the barber shop next door. He said he has been getting his haircuts from Chat the owner of Friendly Barbers for many years. In fact he was solely responsible for relocating her shop next to his restaurant.Yu-go's most recent visit with Chat was his fourth time. All he has to say to Chat is  "the same," and result is a perfect haircut that brings a big smile to Yu-go's face. There are three other female hairstylists.  I can safely say the majority of their clients are Anthem residents each seemingly to have their preferred hairstylist. The shop is super clean, spacious, quiet with most comfortable leather chairs. Chat is very punctual with her appointments. Now for my next challenge is to find a Henderson hairstylist for myself. Any recommendations?
5	This is my new go to barber shop. I used to go to sports clips but the high turnover rate meant a new stylist each time. Also, they did not take reservations and I do not have time to wait. At Friendly Barber they give an awesome haircut and at only 16 dollars it is a great deal. I always call ahead and set an appointment which is another benefit of this business. And yes...they are all friendly and have years of experience which means you will be walking out with a great cut! The other thing I like is there is plenty of free parking and the barbers chairs and entire store is really nice and clean. Thank you Friendly Barber:)
