4	I actually love this Vons...even though there can be only one cashier at times.  Yeah.  Anyway, selection and location of products is good...and easy to find.  Nice produce section.  There is a starbucks inside, which is nice (even though there is another Starbucks in the same Boca Park complex!).  Overall, nice store.  But like most Safeways, errrr, Vons....checking out is a bitch...otherwise it'd be a 5 star store.
4	I rarely come to this Vons, but when I do I enjoy it.  It's a bit far from my house, so I only come here when I'm in the area and need to pick up something for dinner.  It's clean and their Vegetables and Bread are always fresh.....those are huge requirements for me.I was there this past Sunday because it was the only location nearby that had Early Voting.  I was eager to get it out of the way, so I stopped by in the morning to Vote.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that there were only 3 people in line ahead of me and 20 polling stations....I knew I'd be in/out within minutes.After I voted, I did a little grocery shopping....why not?  I picked up some items for the family and was able to kill two birds with one stone.Will I return?  Probably.
4	I'm pretty much surrounded by three major grocery stores, but I choose Vons every single time. It's probably the closest thing to those old fashion corner markets. I like coming here because the people are always friendly even at 1am. Yup, that's right they're open 24/7. I appreciate the fact that everything is kept fresh and completely organized. Everytime I'm looking for a specific thing, the employees always help me find them. And I'm not talking about pointing me to isle 3. I mean go crazy with me looking for it.
4	This Vons has the friendliest people at any grocery store in town.  The store is very clean and organized.
2	It was a long time until I came back to this or any Vons and it will be a long time before I return.  Note to Vons:  when you put  an item in your sale circular, don't make it for the weekend only.  I stopped for their deal on Coke products, and when I got to register, I learned it was only through yesterday - a Super Bowl promotion.  Damn it all anyway, put it on sale for the whole week.I made my purchase at non-sale price and then left.  I went up Charleston to Smith's where I finished my shopping.  From now on, when the mailing comes, I'll just ignore the Vons.  It's just not worth it
3	This is my grocery store for "branded" items (ie: coke, frozen food, dish sponges, etc) I like this Vons cuz its always empty when I go in there...and the check out people are pretty freakin awesome. Oh! its got video poker too if that's on your grocery list too...
4	I hear it all the time, Vons is wayyyyy too expensive! Well my dear if you use your Vons reward club card it could be just as inexpensive as Wal-Mart.This Vons is in a shopping mall which I go to probably everyday, I'm like addicted!! I always think of something I need and come here, and go to the other stores : )Vons offers many different items, all IMO reasonably priced. I love their fruits and veggies, although sparse they do offer a good price. I just purchased 5#s of Gala applesfor 5$ and lemme tell you their apples are YUMMY!If you take the time to check out the circular they have awesome deals just for using a FREE Vons reward card!! I always purchase bottled water from here and I usually get a 24pack for only 2.88$! They also have a GREAT deli and bakery! I love the fresh bread and bagels they have. I usually buy a long loaf of French bread which is 1.89$ and they always have their yummy freshly baked bagels 2 for 1.00$! Vons also carries many pastries, I love the slices of cake and their walnut oatmeal raisin cookies they have!! They are delectable! Sometimes you can find the good loafs (healthy types w/ flaxseed) for only .99! Most of the time its because theyre gonna expire in a few days, but I always just freeze them for a later use!Vons also has a gluten free area! Although I don't shop in that area, I noticed and was pleased with it : )The meat area here is awesome! They sell ranchers reserve meats and let me tell you, they are sooooo delicious! I always get a package of the sirloin strips to make with some white rice and mushrooms and gravy, super yum! I also sometimes purchase the frozen chicken breasts because they save me on buying freezer bags and bagging it myself : ) I like coming here because they also have a Panda Express inside, and they used to have a happy hour but discontinued that : ( None the less we still stop and have some orange chicken and string bean chicken.I will continue coming to this Vons because its super close to my apartment, the cashiers are nice, and they have a great value when using your Vons card!!
4	It's a really nice location, very spacious and clean, even at the midnight hour on a weekend day.
4	I've never bothered stepping into this Vons but glad we did one of the days Whole Foods was closed to grab some oranges and lemons for cocktails. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the area was split in half- conventional and then organic. This is the most selection in organics I've seen in a big chain supermarket and all priced only a tad bit more than regular produce. Being a semi vegetarian, this is important to us since that's pretty much what we eat.Can't comment much on selections of a lot of things, but the past few times we've gone in it was neat and organized.
2	This Von's is better than the other Von's in town, but I'd rather shop somwhere that they truly care for their customer, and do their best to provide a great shopping experience and a great value. This chain seems to live by the belief that if they tell the customer that Von's is great, then the customer has to believe it. I found the store and bathrooms to be dirty.
5	I actually really like this vons. Most people say vons is expensive, however, if you look for the right sales, it's actually pretty good. I bought a cake from the for my sons 3rd birthday. I did a tres leche with a custard filling and whipped cream topping...it was so yummy. I'm usually not a fan of grocery store cakes, but this one was so good. All my guests complimented on the cake. Glad this place is so close to home :)
3	I rarely shop Vons because they are way, and I mean way, too pricey!!! And my Vons card never works by entering my phone number. Oober-Frustrating! All in all the store is very clean, organized and comfortable to shop. You can tell they take pride in the store's appearance and what they sell. The wine and beer selection is top of the line, and I really appreciate that. The cashiers could stand to be a little friendlier in my opinion. I don't shop here often, but the times I do, they don't seem that considerate. Don't get me wrong, they are friendly and greet you, but every time I have an issue with my Vons card, they tend to make me feel like it's my fault. Not hurt by it, more just frustrated by it. I wouldn't recommend making this your primary stop for groceries, mainly because they are super pricey, but if you're passing by and just want to grab a quick few items, or if you're looking for a good beer and wine selection outside of Whole Foods, I recommend this place for certain.
3	Yup its a Vons. Its kept clean and the staff always greats yo. Especially in the produce section.There produce sometimes is in need of help but for the most part it has fresh fruits and vegetables. Really what brings me back is cleanliness and most convenient location to my house.
4	Vons is expensive.  I barely go to any grocery store besides the organic places.  I do not like going to Vons, Albertsons, etc...they all are over priced on any healthy things.  You can go to the health store and buy the products for much cheaper.  Overall the store is very clean and the staff is very friendly.  This location is in Boca Park, where everything is pretty much high end.
5	Well what can I say, I'm addicted to VON's. It's really not that expensive if u watch the sales and use your Vons card. But with such a clean store ad friendly staff, its worth the few extra dollars.
4	Smaller store.  Would have overlooked it since Target is facing Charleston was it not for the specific baby formula I was looking for.Vons had the Enfamil Newborn RTF for a dollar cheaper than Target!Totally saved the day there.  Definitely going to check it out more thoroughly due to this save.Also noted that Vons is associated with Safeway?  Interesting considering I grew up with that brand.
4	Nice store. Clean and pretty well organized store. The prices on some items were a bit high though. The staff was courteous and friendly.
4	Today was my first time shopping here. The staff was super friendly. Store was clean and well organized, and fair prices. They will have me as a return customers next time I shop.
3	Food, food, and more food.  Need fresh produce?  What about meat?  Everybody needs meat, right?  Ohhh...can't forget the alcohol!  Well, come down to Vons so you check off all those items on your grocery list.I'm from California.  There are Safeways everywhere: in the downtown areas, suburbs, and people's backyards (it's common fact that people can grow grocery stores).  When I went into Vons looking to buy some liquor I was like ,"Whoa...this looks like a Safeway", and it's actually a part of the Safeway brand (thanks to a fellow Yelper for dropping that knowledge on my head).  So, if you've been to Safeway, then you'll know what to expect.  If you haven't, well, just think of a mediocre grocery store.  There's really nothing fancy or eye-popping.  It's just a grocery store to buy food.  Or if you really need q-tips to clean out your ears, then I guess you can come down and buy those, too.The place was really clean.  Items on the shelves were stocked really well.  The spaces between the produce was big enough for carts and people to get through.  No complaints about the place being dirty-- it's as clean as it can get.I guess I'll make a complaint about the baked goods.  We got a few donuts and they weren't that great--kind of stale, actually.  But Vons is no Krispy Kreme, so I guess we shouldn't have expected much.But yeah, Vons is an A-OK place to go when you have to get your grocery shopping done.  Thanks to the employees that helped us get our liquor and checked us out.  Also, special thanks to the employee informing us that we had to go to the front to get the liquor because standing around for 10 minutes and waiting to see if an employee would get our liquor was not the way to get it.  Yeah...stupid tourists....hi-yo!
4	This Vons is alright. Very convenient since I live a few minutes from my house. The only thing is that they should always check the expiration of their products even on original price. But so far, helpful staffs and great items.
4	You've replaced Walmart as my go to.  You are simply more convenient, more friendly, and although you force me to use a friggin' loyalty card - equally well priced.  Plenty of lanes.  A friendly young woman to bag my groceries.  You even carry Vegas Seven on occasion.  Sure I'd be happy if you would stock more than 20lbs of frozen broccoli at once, but we'll work on that.
4	With several options for groceries in my area, I choose Vons because the service is friendly, they're open 24 hours and they carry a reasonably priced healthier brand of products called Open Nature. We do sometimes go in around 11:00 pm and it's hard to find someone at the register at that hour. One time a line was forming and no one who worked there could be found. I left my husband in line and went in search of someone. After opening all the doors in the back of the store someone finally came out.
5	Love this location - I've been a regular for almost 10 years now.  It is wonderfully managed with caring employees.I love the Panda Expres!
