5	I recently added a perimeter wall to the front yard of my new home as well as a custom block BBQ and fireplace in the back yard. I hired Building Block Masonry to do the job as I found this company to be the most reasonably priced versus other masonry companies that I requested bids from. I could not be happier with the outcome! Everything that I had envisioned was done to my complete satisfaction. I am a very busy person and having the job done in such a timely matter was a plus too. I dealt with Bob, the owner of Building Block Masonry through out the process. He was extremely professional and so were his crew on the job. I plan on hiring this company for future work that I will be needing on my other home.
5	I called in earlier this afternoon for a quote to repair some loose pilaster caps on my fence. Bob the owner took my call and said that he could come out in a few hours to take a look. Not only did he do that, he completed the repair work today as well in about an hour! Super reasonable pricing and very nice work. I'd highly recommend this company for your masonry needs.
5	I wanted to have an attractive and sturdy slump-block mailbox built.  I checked out various contractors who have built them around town.  Building Block Masonry was the only contractor who knew exactly what was required to build a solid, stable and very attractive mailbox.  The others wanted to skip important details (like using rebar to make a very sturdy mailbox).  Not to mention that the owner came personally to my home and listened to exactly what I wanted.  I expected just a simple mailbox, but he actually had some very creative ideas.  I am very happy with my new mailbox and it has added to the value of my home (my neighbors love how it looks too).  Also, I was impressed that the owner was prompt and if I called, he got right back to me.  The workers were great and (although I am a very particular person in what I want), they were patient with me until things were exactly the way I wanted.Gail N.
5	Building Block Masonry put my confidence back into hiring a contractor that provides a genuine, honest, and knowledgeable service. They were worth every dollar spent because I know that the job was done right.
