5	My cat ate one long 6 foot piece of ribbon....yes, 6 feet.  Needless to say she was not well.  After calling my regular vet (which we no longer go to now) and 10 other vet offices, no one would get us in right away to see her.  (I did take her to an emergency vet the night before, but they normally cost more than a day vet.  And this surgery was going to be a little expensive).  I called Family Vetcare and they told me to bring her in right away so Dr. Travis Wodiske could look at her and the x-rays.  I took her in that same day and he performed emergency surgery shortly after she arrived.  He did an awesome job!  The ribbon ran from her stomach, through both intestines and down to her colon.  He made five internal incisions to get the ribbon out and stapled her back up.  She is fully recovered and back to her normal self.  I can't thank Dr. Travis Wodiske and his staff enough for everything they did.  The entire staff is very caring and friendly.  Erin (sp?) was extremely helpful.  This is the vet we will be going to from now on.  I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	Family Vet Care has taken great care of my babies!
5	The doctors and staff were very kind and professional and took great care of my Boxer baby when she was sick!
1	I just put my best friend Mollie to sleep two days. It was a devastating event in my life. I've called twice in the past 48 hours to not only discuss my decision (yes, she had a devastating injury but I keep wondering if I could do more) but to get Mollie's blankets and ashes back. I fear I will NEVER get those now.  They lost two clients. My friend asked about transferring to FVC but after this, she say's "no way now." Putting your companion to sleep is the most devastating, and they can't call back?They charge premium prices (even the emergency clinic charged less) and they can't return even a phone call. And it's to get blankets and ashes, that I'm sure will never be returned now. I can't express my words of anger, frustration, disappointment, and betrayal. Unfortunately, these people get so big that losing a few clients does not concern them. This isn't the first time that a phone call wasn't returned. I suppose MY loyalty is at fault here. I am just so disappointed and angry that I can't have those memories returned. They don't even deserve one star for doing that to a loyal dog owner. I wonder how they'd feel?
5	I received a phone call from Dr. Wodiske tonight. He was very empathetic to my loss. He took the time to explain everything concerning Mollie's disability and sad demise. I was so appreciative for his thoughts, his medical answers, and his concern. I do feel like he truly loved Mollie and that he did his best for Mollie. I will, should I get another Beagle, will absolutely return to Dr. Wodiske and FVC of Chandler. Thank you Dr. Wodiske for your kindness toward Mollie, your excellent care, and your concern for my feelings. You truly are an excellent vet and Mollie and I are grateful that we had you. Wendy and Mollie
5	Trustworthy place to take your pets! I will only trust my pet with Family VetCare, plus Dr. Wodiske always takes extra time to make sure all questions are answered. He even personally called after my dog had a procedure to let me know how it went and how my dog was doing post-procedure!
5	I had to find a vet to vaccinate my 9 week old puppy.  I needed a vet that allowed walk-ins and Family Vetcare was one of the few in my area that did.  Walking in the place was very clean and organized very well, I like how you leave out a separate door when you are done with your appointment so you don't have to walk past anyone who may be waiting.You could tell the entire staff really cared about animals and Annette Majoue was extremely nice and caring.  Pancake got plenty of treats and a chewy for her visit.  They also gave me a discount on my bill and a free nail clipping, which was a welcome surprise.I'll be taking my dog here for many years to come.
5	My family and I have always had great vets and vet techs here! It is so important to me that I take my dog somewhere safe and where they truly care about her well being. They have gone over and beyond for us before. They always give a follow up call. I call in with random questions sometimes and the ladies at the front are professional and helpful. Highly recommend! 5 stars!
1	We have been going to this vet for 11 years.  Dr. Patterson was amazing and has since left the practice.  Since then we have experienced up charges and request that we do certain things that quite frankly are not needed.  Today our boxer went in due to a seizure a few days ago.  He has been to this vet since 8 weeks old.  He's 11 years old.  They seriously wanted to charge an additional $25 fee they call "urgent" visit fee!  Seriously!  He's an established patient and the only time you go to the vet is when your per is sick or in need of vaccines.  The bill was already over 300.00 for visit and blood work.  It's not about $25. It about principal here.  You've seen all my pets and I've spent thousands over the years.  All for $25 they were willing to lose a customer of 11 years.  At the visit we transferred all our pets and records to new vet.  We have 5.  Rather than keeping a customer long term that would have certainly spent more than $25, your policies became more important than your customer.  When greed become more important than principle then your valve is no more.
1	This vet is all about the money.  We have been a customer for 14yrs and we were happy when they were on Ray and Rural, but since they moved to a way too big of facilities and their overhead is so big it's about the money.They made me pay up front to put poor Molly to sleep.  That is unprofessional and uncompassionate.Also two years ago they pushed me to do a $500 teeth clean, but there was no guarantees since they are not dentist's.  Why should I let you clean the dogs teeth with all the exceptions since you are not a dentist.And one final thing, everything is about the treatment plan.  They are so excited to charge you they forget about the care and compassion.Also, the front desk staff has changed so many time my head is spinning.  They are also immature and unprofessional.  Just plain pathetic.Signed,Molly's parents
1	Ok, thanks for erasing my comments.This vet is all about the money since they moved into a huge facility.  Everything is about the treatment plan and we will never return.  This is Vet place not a bank.They even made us pay for putting our dog down upfront after being a customer for 14 years.I would not recommend this business at all.Thanks for listening.Molly's parents
1	My poor cat was very very sick, not eating, drinking, not going to the bathroom, vomiting everywhere, etc. I took him in on Monday and they did X-rays to find that he had a blockage in his lower intestine. The first thing the vet said was that he needed surgery and that the only other option was to take him home and wait overnight to see what might happen. I asked about the possibility of a laxative, since it was in his lower intestines. That might help him to pass whatever it was. The vet seemed hesitant but finally agreed that it could do the trick. She still seemed hesitant to let me leave with him though. After getting him home, I used an eye-dropper to give him fluids as well as the laxative. It didn't seem to be helping much so I started researching and found that I could give him an enema and it should do the trick. I became even more suspicious of the vet, considering their only option would have cost me over 2K but my solution that I found recommended by vets all over was only $10. I decided to give it a try and IT WORKED! My cat is happy and healthy again and I would NEVER EVEN THINK OF GOING TO THIS VET AGAIN. All they want is money. If they cared about my cat's comfort or well-being, they would have tried everything possible, before resorting to surgery. Monkey deserved so much better...SHAME!!!
1	This vet clinic just wants $$$$. My dog is on optimmune which I used to get at this clinic for around $35. Then they increased their prices and it's now $60!!!!  My dog is also on rimadyl, one tablet every  2 months when she goes to the groomer.  I requested a refill but I needed  get blood work done since it should be done every 6 months while on the medication.  I  thought this was ridiculous since in a 6 month duration, my dog only consumes 3 pills.  She doesn't use it daily like other dogs. I stated that to the vet and she responded that a test needs to be done before a refill.
