1	Wow, where do I begin....we came in from out of state to attend my niece's wedding.  We booked 8 separate rooms all of them were supposed to be non smoking, but some were given smoking rooms.  And when they complained they said there was no other rooms available.  Some of the rooms had plumbing issues, waste would not flush down the toilet, they must've been aware of the problem because they had left a plunger in the bathroom.  Other bathrooms had mold on shower curtains & walls.  The walls are paper thin, you can hear everything going on in the neighboring room...and I mean EVERYTHING!  All the rooms had a funky smell, we tried plugs-ins & Lysol spray...smell would not go away.  One of my niece also woke up with suspicious bug bites on her arm.    Also this must be a high crime area, since the police regularly patrol the parking lot at night, there seems to be a lot of activity in parking lot, I'm assuming drug deals? The morning we were checking out the manager & maintenance man got into a huge fight in the parking lot.  Well that's enough, I think you get the idea.  In hind sight, next time I'll pay the extra $$$ and stay at the Marriott.
1	Terrible place to stay. The shower was disgusting, we had asked for more towels since there were a lot of us staying in the room, we paid for 4 adults and 1 child, we got a total of 3 large towels. There were holes in the curtains. The refrigerator didn't get cold. The ironing board pinched my girlfriend when she opened it because it was broken. There were so many things wrong with this hotel, I won't be staying at this, or any other Days Inn for the rest of my days!
1	I booked a room here for an employee.  We moved them immediately due to the conditions and they refused to refund any money.  After the stay they will call you every month or two to solicit "free" hotel stays selling time shares.  I have asked to be removed from their list but they continue to call and are not polite when I ask to be removed.  They tell me "well you stayed at one of our hotels and when you do that you agree to be contacted".  I regret ever spending money there.
1	DO NOT BOOK THIS MOTEL.  Do not book thru expedia either.  You will not get a refund.  This place is the most disgusting motel I have ever even been to.  The people around the place look like they live in it and I don't think it's safe.  WOW the only thing that must keep this place running is people booking it and not staying and you get NO refund.  BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
