3	I've been frequenting this Savers since the day it opened a few years back... They have a great one dollar tag sale on Mondays which is pure bliss I tell you!! Having a tough week, head over to Savers with a 20 dollar bill on Monday and you will come out a new woman with a new wardrobe!! My mother is the one who actually got me hooked on this deal lol.. The original frugality of the family lol. Overall, I cannot give this thrift store five stars just because I am a thrift store whore and have visited about every thrift store in and around the Phoenix area and have plenty of experience with many other thrift stores. This Savers requires a lot of digging, but some of my best finds have been a Dooney and Bourke gently used wallet for $16.00. Banana Republic black sling shoes for $5.99. Brand name NEW work out clothes and plenty of NEW with tags vintage dresses all under $9.99. This Savers is okay for just cheap everyday wear, other than that you won't find many unique and extravagant pieces here. Also, for some reason, everyone that shops here is really nice and friendly, no competiveness at all :)
4	I've been to many, if not all of the major "Savers" and "Goodwill" stores in the entire city of Phoenix, and none of them have compared to this Saver's store. I'm new to the area, and recently took a walk across the street to check this place out. One of the very first things I noticed after walking through the door, was that everything in the store was neatly aligned, stacked, organized, and nothing was really amiss. Even shirts were color-coded on the racks. All of the wires and cables for electronics were sorted, nothing seemed to really be out of place. As far as the staff, everyone in this store seemed genuinely happy to be there and seemed to be content with their work. Staff was very nice.I have no real complaints with anything EXCEPT that a lot of things are marked up a bit higher than they are actually worth. There was a desk in fair condition, some scratches here and there, that was marked to $90; The same desk is sold at Staples for $79.99. Another instance of this was with a love seat with some tears on the arms (cat scratches) that was marked to $115, but I was looking at the same love seat in Sears for $89.99.  I had noticed this with a few other items here and there.Some things could be re-evaluated as far as price, but that's more about the people in the back or maybe corporate, I suppose.
4	I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Savers!!! God bless Mr/Mrs Savers. You are amazing. Imagine this: Buying 5 pairs of jeans EACH for two boys, 2 pairs of jeans for one husband, and 6 shirts for various members of the family for....Get this:  LESS THAN $50.00!!!On top of that, they are all good brands! G-Unit, FUBU, South Pole, Tommy Hilfiger..etc. Some still had the original department store tags on them!!! For a mom of two boys who grow faster than Charlie Sheen's rap sheet, Saver's is a DREAM!
3	I stop in here every few weeks to check out the new deals. The values have diminished somewhat since new management took over, but there are still bargains to be had. Things got much better when they brought back the color tag of the week feature.Lots of decent clothes here, housewares is hit or miss. Staff is mostly friendly and helpful although there tend to be long lines at the checkout counter.
3	I love savers and this one is huge. I like finding skate brands and expensive labels for much less here. But that being said, less isn't as low as it used to be or should be. No clothing in this place should be 9.99. And I look at wine glasses - $1.29 EACH??? I could buy nice new ones for that price in fact World Market has great ones for less!!! I think whomever is setting the prices on all this used stuff is way off base. Savers will lose business if that keeps up. Still it remains a good place to find a deal if you don't mind picking through a lot.
