5	Now this place knows how to treat you. Sure, I may have been among several people with birthdays in January and February. Sure, it may have been a special occasion that the owner was aware of. Sure, I may have been sitting with a man with connections, who knew the owner personally. But, don't hold that against me. Luck of the draw, I tell ya. I had heard great things about this place, yet had been surprised that I had never heard of this place - until it was time to have a group birthday dinner. What a way to celebrate! Wine, appetizers, entrees, champagne, dessert... It's no wonder somebody didn't have to roll me out afterward. I sampled the calamari and prosciutto/melon apps. Both were very good, although the latter was a bit too salty for me. The bread in the bread basket was good - great way to curb the appetite before ordering - but nothing compared the the herb butter. HOLY CRAP! I don't think I've ever met a butter I fell instantly in love with - well, not until I dined at Tutti Santi, that is. I ordered the special - orange roughy stuffed with eggplant, mushrooms and probably some kind of cheese. Regardless, it was very good. The creamy sauce was heavenly, too, and I really don't like cream sauces. It came with a side of pasta that was seasoned very well. You didn't need to dip it into anything. It was great as a stand-alone side to the special. I wasn't the only one who enjoyed my entree. Everyone at the table seemed to gobble up their food. I was the last to finish. Maybe I'm a slow eater? I don't know. Then came dessert - tiramisu, cannoli, cheesecake. My god! Plus, the owner celebrated our birthdays with a bottle of champagne. So good. Surprisingly, I wasn't overly stuffed to where I felt sick. I probably should have been, but after moving all day, I was sure hungry! I definitely recommend Tutti Santi for a special occasion, whether it's with a loved one, a birthday party or a family event. You can't go wrong here. As for the atmosphere, it's warm, inviting, cozy - with dim lighting and the soft sway of conversation. If nothing else, there's sure alot of pictures and things on the wall to keep your attention - that is if you're not too busy stuffing your face.
5	la distorsione di velocit, questo posto  stupefacente, anche per essere all'interno di un centro commerciale della striscia!Translation: wow, this place is amazing, even for being inside a strip mall!Yes, I love Italian Food, I'm like Tony Soprano, sitting around the table with my "crew" drinking wine, eating pasta, talking about dried meats, fresh tomatoes, and those peppers, forgettaboutit...... Italian food done well always conjures up images of my trip to Venice, and Northern Italy. I guess you can't really appreciate a cuisine until you stay in the country of it's orgin and experience the way Europeans cook only with local ingredients. Of course they have to import items, but they try to use local produce, meats, cheeses, wine etc. It adds so much to the experience to know that this tomato "yeah I'm talking about you" came from down the road from a village garden. I feel like the U.S. has lost it's connection to food. We think that we have to rush to eat something, grab a sandwich, eat in our cars, drink SOUP OUT OF A PORTABLE CUP!. Oh, and don't get me started on the yogurt on the go.  Having experienced the European style of eating several times in several countries, I appreciate a place that can capture that even if it's in a strip mall in Meza AZ. Now the owner is from Italy, and NYC, so he has kept strict to his roots and is a great restaurateur  and host. Charming, and funny, he made our meal even better. The food was superb, and the atmosphere was classy, yet not stuffy. It had the feeling of some mob movie, when someone walks out and gets gun down, I suddenly felt like the AL Pacino in the Godfather.  Either way, I would take a bullet to eat here, as long as it was in the leg, or arm. The Cheese cake is worth a bullet, its creamy, like nothing I have tasted before. For the entree I had duck, it was a tad bit dry, not the highlight of my meal, but the Prosciutto and melon, and the Calamari, was to die for (literally) Nothing like salty dry meat with fresh fruit. Yum! Wine, and champagne, a nice touch.... appena vada e mangi qui...
3	The atmosphere...cozy, great for taking a woman out for some nice italian.  The service...attentive and classy...The price...a bit on the steep side but the food...just not my cup of tea...(carrabas, carinos, olive garden, etc)...is better sad to say, I ordered the lasagna with minestroni soup...typically a safe bet, and my dining partner got mozzarella caprse.The soup was dull in flavor, salt and pepper couldn't even save this soup...the one at olive garden is better sadly.  The lasagna was flat and small portioned, the one at carinos is better sadly...My partner loved her salad abobnination, i tasted it and wanted to gag.  Fine italian dining is just not my thing...I have to admit I would give it a 1 star on food merit alone, but the atmosphere is nicer than the chains, the service is fantastic, and the beginner bread and butter is probably the best I have ever had at an italian place.  I would probably come back to just drink some fancy wine and sober up by eating the bread.
4	Very very good Italian food. Never been disappointed by any dish here. Especially love the ravioli. The shells are light and melt in your mouth. Real cooking going on here. Not reheating packages sent out from corporate.So much better than garbage like Olive Garden.
4	When my waiter came to my table to take my order and barley spoke English, and Spanish wasn't his first language either, I knew I was in heaven. The staff seems to be fresh off the boat and it shows. I am a huge fan of tutti santi. Probably top 5 Italian in the valley.
5	I LOVE this place.  It's expensive, but it's soooooo worth it.  My husband took me here on our first official date.  We've since been back a few times to celebrate anniversaries and what not's.  Aside from the creepy maitre'd at this location, who later turned into a joke, this was a wonderfully romantic first date place.  I mean come on, I married the guy!The decor in this location is simple, with an Italian flair and enough elegance to make you think you should dress up.  You don't really have to, but you wouldn't look out of place if you did.  The first time we came here, I ordered the Tortellini Panna Rosa and it was delicious.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the meat filling inside was super tasty.  The rosa sauce was creamy and tangy, providing the perfect complement to the pasta.  Everything was wonderful.On our second trip back, I ordered the Chicken Fiorentina.  Wow!  It is so good.  The chicken was juicy and tender, but the sauce.  OMG the sauce is incredible.  It is called a cognac cream sauce, but they made as well call it ambrosia.  It's incredibly rich and full bodied with a thick texture that perfectly covers your chicken.  Order that if you ever go there.The last time I remember going I wanted to get something with that delicious sauce, but I wanted to try something new.  I think I was at the Glendale location, but I can't remember.  It was a seafood pasta with the same sauce and it too was just as wonderful as everything else I have ever had here.If you want really good Italian food and you can afford to open your wallet a little wider than the average person, go here.  If you want a romantic date, I suggest this location over the others, it's much smaller and more intimate.  A great overall experience that keeps this restaurant in my top 10.
3	Nice atmosphere and great service I ordered the chicken special which was only ok it was chicken topped with red and green peppers and eggplant and melted cheese on top and a side of spaghetti. The food was bland and not that flavorful I expected much more flavor for the high prices. At least the bread an iced t was good.
3	Pretty good food! We ordered a regular dish, the cheese/spinach filled ravioli a la Nina and something new, this time. The home made pasta (pappardelle) with scallops and porcini mushrooms. The ravioli were great, as always. Nina's recipe has survived many years and had us return for more along the years. The Pappardelle with Porcini and scallops was pretty good, save for a few misses. 1) the sauce tasted a little too 'generic', almost like from a can and 2) the Porcini mushrooms were not Porcini but rather your cheaper garden variety one can buy at any grocery store. This kind of left me with a question: if they ran out of Porcini mushrooms, shouldn't they have asked first if it's OK to substitute them with regular mushrooms? Overall, I like the place just enough to come back for the ravioli. For everything else I'll go somewhere else. And above all it's a tad overpriced.
4	We eat here about once a month.  It's not cheap, but you get what you pay for.  The service and ambiance are first rate.  I have never anything less than a very good meal here and I have probably had a dozen different entrees.  The free sambuca at the end of the meal with the three coffee beans is the icing on the cake.This is legitimate Italian.
5	Great food with excellent service and really nice people.  They treat you like family.  The ravioli's are awesome.  Cioppino is incredible.  Really nice Italian wine selection.
5	I just wanted to add to my review after holding our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  We had about 45 people at our rehearsal dinner and they were all raving about the food (including my mother who is 100% Italian and cook like crazy).  I like eating here normally, but when they do a party, they do it right.   There were multiple appetizer courses including their homemade ravioli, salads, three good entree options, multiple dessert options, wine on the table.  It was nice.I don't remember the exact numbers, but I remember thinking that we got a smokin' deal, too.  I think it was like $45/head OTD including alcohol.  It might have been more, but not much.The other thing that was nice was that we didn't have to do much to make it happen.  We sat down with the owner for about 5-10 minutes and made up a menu and he wrote it down on a torn out piece of notebook paper.  He wasn't a stickler about deposits or anything.  (That might be because we are kind of regulars, now).If you are considering putting together a party, stop by and try the food.  If you like it, I would definitely talk to the owner about doing it there.We have continued eating there since getting married.  The rehearsal dinner experience and some of the recent dinner specials bump this place to a definite 5-star deal.
5	Exceptional, delicious, astounding, amazing...my vocabulary is limited so that is all I can do to explain the food and wine at Tutti Santi. i took my father in law, who I have little in common with and even less to talk about...The food was so outstanding it was a conversation in and of itself. Thank you Tutti Santi for creating a conversation about your amaziness where no conversation existed before! Dinner, midweek  - yes, weekend fling, yes, celebration - yes, anniversary -yes.Go eat, enjoy! You wil pay but you will enjoy and you will be waited on like royalty, lap it up!
1	The worst meal I've had in a long time and the most expensive disappointment ever. We went early on Sunday and were served day old food -bread & fish & all got sick... with a bill of $114 dollars for 3 of us.  I had an appetizer & house salad. The house salad consisted of 1/3 cup of greens and one slice of a plum tomato - are you kidding me !!! The eggplant parmesean consisted of one piece - 1/3" slice of a medium eggplant, cut lengthwise, topped w/ one generous ladle of heated up, uncooked crushed tomato with basil and 3 oz of cheese. It was $16.95. My friend got the chef's special - salmon, about 6-8 oz with 4 shaved strips of zucchini, 2 slices of plum tomato, 2 overcooked shrimp and some olives and a house salad. Her wine was fabulous though. My other friend got soup & dinner portion of lasagna & it was the size of a single thin burrito on a lunch menu at a Mexican restaurant.  After reading the other comments, we were really excited to go and were distressed by the experience. We were going to come home and eat but were not feeling well by the time we arrived.
1	This place was terrible. I had Chicken Marsala that was underdone and when telling my server she didn't seem very concerned. I patiently was able to track down a manager who also didn't seem to think that cold, undercooked chicken was of issue. I am really easy going if you can make me feel like you are trying... but they didn't even do that, bastards.
5	Wow!  Who knew that there was such good Italian food in Mesa!  The desk clerk at our hotel gave us a list of restaurants in Mesa and took the time to point out his favorites.  He told us that Tutti Santi had fantastic lasagna---and he was right!We went on a Thursday night around 5:30.  The restaurant wasn't very busy and thus our large party of 5 adults and 3 kids was seated immediately.  We started the meal with 2 appetizers---calamari fritti and eggplant parmigiana.  The calamari was fried to perfection---not rubbery at all.  The sauce was a spicy tomato one which complimented the calamari wonderfully.  The eggplant was very tasty with no bitterness.  The breadbasket was excellent.  It had pieces of foccacia and cripsy Italian bread.  However, the star was the whipped garlic butter.  It was so tempting to go overboard on the bread just to have that butter!The main courses came with your choice of a house salad or the soup of the day.  The house salad dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette and the salad had tomatos and mostly romaine lettuce.  The soup of the day was  spinach egg drop.  I had a taste---it was truly unique.  It had the consistency of a Chinese egg drop soup but was infused with Italian spices and some pepper to give it a kick.For entrees, our party had the following: veal parmigiana, gnocchi with Bolognese sauce, lasagna and ravioli.  The person who ordered the ravioli was inspired to do so due to the hostess.  I mentioned that I heard their lasagna was really good and the hostess said it was but the ravioli was even better!I had the gnocchi but also got to sample the ravioli and the lasagna.  The gnocchi was very light in texture (not heavy at all) and the Bolognese sauce was well flavored without going overboard with the ground beef.  I was impressed with the lasagna.  First of all, the portion size was quite reasonable plus it wasn't too thick.  Yes, it was very tasty.  The ravioli with tomato sauce was also delicious.  The cheese was mild and the sauce complimented it very wellAt the suggestion of the waiter, the kids got penne with a butter sauce.  It was a great idea for a meal for a preschooler as the kids ate it all.At the end of the meal, we were all too full to even think about dessert.  Nevertheless, the waiter brought a plate with tiramisu on it plus serving spoons for all.  Again, we all enjoyed it.  Sometimes the coffee flavoring in tiramisu can be overpowering and bitter.  This time, it was in proper balance---not too rich and not too sweet.My Dad, who was with us and is well-traveled, told the waiter that he thought Tutti Santi was one of the best Italian restaurants he ever went to anywhere and gave it 5 stars.  While I'm nowhere near as well-traveled as my Dad, I had to agree with him --- this place deserves 5 stars.The only drawback---service can be on the slow side.  So go expecting a leisurely dining experience and you won't be disappointed!
2	Before coming here I made sure to check prior Yelp reviews for suggestions on what to get. Unfortunately I came here with a large party so they had a special "buffet" menu for groups over 50.The first appetizer was a cheese- filled ravioli topped with red sauce, which wasn't bad. Our table was a bit put off when the waiter told us, "only one ravioli per person." The second appetizer option was a slice of tomato with mozzerela topped with tomato salsa, which would have tasted much better on toasted bread. Tomato on top of tomato is a bit too much. The salad had a very light dressing and slice of tomato on the side, which wasn't too bad. The restaurant must be overloaded with tomatoes.For the main course I ordered salmon with vegetables and my friends ordered chicken and pasta. Neither finished their meals but I was able to eat the salmon. The portions were small and very unsatisfying. I did enjoy the cream lemon and herb sauce and capers with salmon, but the portion was barely larger than the palm of my hand.For dessert they served tiramisu which was delicious but had a lot of flavor, which almost washed away the rest of the flavors we'd tasted before.I didn't really expect much going in, but at least the atmosphere is very nice. Classy decor and waiters were helpful in retrieving drinks and whatnot. The drinks themselves were not that strong. Overall it was an interesting experience but I wouldn't want to go back unless they were definitely serving salmon.
1	This place had great food, but the service was HORRIBLE! First of all we had a group of 8 people for a birthday dinner. The waitress split one of the bills for a person in the group but refused to split the other bill for the other 7 people into 2 bills. she said it would take her half an hour to figure it out! WOW REALLY?? We talked to the manager and he just told us to pay our bill and get out of his restaurant. VERY POOR Service! I will never eat here again!
5	Due to Yelp, my husband and I have been trying out some new restaurants. I prefer owner operated (What I call real restaurants) verses chain.Tutti Santi is a true gem! I am of Italian-Lithuanian heritage, and have been a personal chef. Tutti Santi is the real deal.We started off splitting calamari fritti, OMG! Perfectly cooked. We both had soup of the day, it was called minestrone but it was a vegetable soup(no beans, no pasta) good flavor. Then I elected to have the Homemade Ravioli so delicate, they literally melted in my mouth. Bob had the lasagna, again a triumph. We split a tiramisu, Bob had a great rich cup of coffee to go with it. Also the bread basket had a homemade herb foccacio and herb butter to die for.Bob and I, both of us from the NY-NJ area, agreed it was the BEST ITALIAN FOOD we had ever eaten. (and this is from one who has made ravioli and pasta from scratch many times. I want to go in the kitchen and find out their secrets).Our meal was $65 with out tip; WORTH EVERY Penny!Don't miss this one
4	Took my mom and grandma here for Mother's Day.  I was surprised that it wasn't crowded at all but I'm not sure if that is normal or not because I've never been here before.  We arrived at about 6pm and were seated promptly.  Our waiter was a bit over-the-top-friendly but was excellent nonetheless.* Bread and butter you get to start = very good.  excellent garlic butter stuff.* Sauteed calamari appetizer = I wanted the fried but my wife said no.  The sauteed was very good though.  I would order it again.  The leftover sauce was great to dip the bread in.* Caesar salad = all the entress come with a basic side salad but I opted for the Caesar.  No idea why it was $6 more though.  It was just ok and I think it was just the regular salad with Caesar dressing and croutons.  I would not get this again.* Lasagna = Very good.  This really isn't your standard piece of deep dish lasagna.  It was about an inch thick and looked to be all "hand-crafted".  The portion size was perfect and wasn't ginormous.  It could have been a bit more flavorful though.  Not sure I would order this again because there are tons of other things on the menu that look excellent.  Veil looks like their "thing".  Their homemade gnocchi also sounded excellent.* Tiramisu = Excellent.  It is homemade and very different from other tiramisus I've had previously.  It was very light, very creamy and was without a lot of the "cake" I expected.The highlight of the meal (for me at least) was the complementary shots of flaming sambuca they offered at the end the meal.  There was no way I could turn this down. This was my first flaming shot and after some coaching from our waiter it was a smooth one!All-in-all it was a good meal.  Mom and grandma enjoyed it and had some leftovers to take home so all was good.  I do however think the prices are way high and it is probably some of the more expensive Italian food in town which is weird for a strip mall in Mesa.Pro Tip:  Go to Restaurant.com and get a gift certificate for a couple bucks and save yourself $25.  Well worth it.
4	Garlic herb butter and bread is always a great way to start a meal. I had the made-in-house pappardelle with scallops and mushrooms, and my wife had the special rigatoni di bosco.The pappardelle is the real deal, and the cream sauce matched the noodle perfectly. The scallops were a bit tough, but what can you expect being so far from the coast.The rigatoni was good, but not great. Given it was mostly vegetables with italian sausage, it needed a bit more spice than was on the dish.The only sour note was that the Pepsi fountain tasted off. Sort of when you get mixed flavors from a bar wand.Overall, everything was high on the list as far as authenticity. Price-wise, I thought it was about $5 a dish higher than the value received, perhaps due to the small owner-operated business. But it won't keep us from coming back.
1	Overpriced, undercooked
4	A few of my friends have worked at two of the Tutti's around the valley, so I have been a few times.  When I saw the Groupon a while back, I had to snatch it up!  This location is another example of a hidden gem in a strip mall.  I normally wouldn't expect to find food of this quality sharing a parking lot with a Native New Yorker, but then again that is starting to happen more often these days, and I kinda like it!We came early one Friday night and were some of the first people there.  Instantly, we were greeted by the staff and sat at our table.  Our server was cool, very laid back and very knowledgeable.  A bottle of wine and the garlic butter and bread was a great way to get started reading the delicious menu descriptions and figuring out what we want.After asking the server some questions and getting his thoughts I went with the pappardelle with scallops and mushrooms, my boyfriend got the gnocchi.  He was going to get the cannelloni special, but forgot when it came time to order.  Bummer.  Guess we'll just have to go back.The instead of a salad to start we got the tomato soup with meatballs; it  was phenomenal!  The gnocchi was like perfect little clouds with a light tomato cream sauce and my pappardelle was delicious as well.  I was able to save a lot of it to eat for lunch the next day (well, minus the scallops, I didn't think those would reheat well, so we made sure to finish those at the restaurant).  The only way to make this better is to go with more people so you can try more food.  I would have loved to get some calamari, a caprese salad, or even tiramisu and coffee, but we were just too stuffed.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but the freshness and quality is apparent.
4	I have to agree w/ most of the reviews that are listed about Tutti Santi!Fresh Bread and butter- very good.  excellent whipped garlic butterThe Homemade Potato Gnocchi is excellent!! A must try! I've had Chicken breast in noodles, cream sauce with tons of veggies!!- great! ( Remembering names- not so much!!)   Tiramisu is Excellent.  It is homemade and very good.At the end of every meal is the complementary shot  sambuca.  BIG TIME TIP  Go to http://Restaurant.com and get a gift certificate for a couple bucks and save yourself $25.  Well worth it!! (Thanks to other Yelp's who had this too!)NUTSHELL- Above average food, A little above average prices. Always a special offered, always a great dish. You will never be disappointed here!
5	This place surprised both my husband and I with how good the food was and how fun the experience was as a whole. It reminded me of Italian restaurants on the east coast, where I am from. The decor and vibe as well as the food really reminded me of what I might find back east. The best part was the homemade ravioli that they told us is made fresh each day. It really was amazing, better than anything I've ever tasted. It was super thin and delicate.  I would order that again for sure. The bread with the whipped herbed butter was also very good. We enjoyed our dinner and the atmosphere also was great for an intimate conversation and having a good time. We used a restaurant.com certificate and that helped the cost a bit, as they are pricey, but I'd say it's worth it!
3	This place is 3 1/2 stars... or their overall rating, so far. I had the shrimp/pasta special. It tasted like the shrimp had been frozen and then overcooked; giving it that rubbery texture. The sauce was pretty good. For $25, I would have expected more than four pieces of shrimp and a handful of pasta.
3	Had the chicken Marsala. Pretty good. I would go back.
4	took the b/f on a date here and we had a really good time. theme was nice and relaxing inside, played nice authentic Italian music. Had a bottle of wine and we shared the fish and the spinach chicken-both were delicious. We didn't have anything for leftovers, we cleaned our plates. Both entrees come with a side of pasta as well, the garlic one was really good. Service was good as well. Good place to go with someone special for a nice quiet dinner, everyone that was there were pretty much in couples. There is a bar inside as well. This is not cheap food, but it is worth it. The complimentary flaming shot of Sambuco was the perfect touch to end the dinner.. It comes with three coffee beans it in. They say you drink two which are the present and future and you leave the past behind which the third bean dignifies. I don't know about you, but i absolutely loved that saying! We will def be back again.
4	Surprisingly, good Italian food is not that difficult to find in the Valley.  Tutti Santi is another very good find.  The asparagus/prosciutto bruschetta is fantastic.  The tomato basil meatball soup is incredible.  And my main, the veal chop with red wine and mushroom sauce was perfect.  Pan fried with a slight crust and very tender.  Wow.  Very good.Our server was very cool, but that probably has more to do with my gorgeous wife.Now if they could just provide a tartuffo for dessert.
4	This place has grown on me over the years...I am officially addicted to the bread and butter.  The dishes vary, from 1 star to 6 star...yes 6.  So depending on what you order you may or may not like it...however I do enjoy trying out new dishes.Till next time keep up the good work.  Service is always great.
4	Homemade ravioli, whipped butter, crusty bread......can't go wrong at Tutti!
3	Good but a little pricey for the quality of the food. Atmosphere good.
4	Very Italian, tasty and busy on Friday nights.  It is a mix of neighborhood types on dates, older couples and regulars.  You might have to wait so make a reservation.  The bread was awesome and the meat sauce was perfect.  Good wine and beer selection.  A bit pricey but they know what they are doing.
5	I found Tutti Santi on Yelp after doing a search for a cool place to take the fiance for Valentine's Day dinner. It seemed like it had a good portion of nice reviews so I called and made reservations. Let me tell you I was very happy with my choice. From first contact when I called to book a table, the gentleman I spoke with was very friendly and professional (one of the italian gentlemen who work there). Upon arrival for our dinner reservation, she beat me there by a few minutes. By her account, either the owner or general manager was very friendly and welcomed her to the restaurant, and immediately had her take a seat and got her a water while she waited for me to arrive. As I walked in, she was talking with him, and very happy with her experience to that point. We were seated by another very friendly italian gentleman, and ordered the calamari appetizer, which we both agreed was probably the best calamari we had both had! The bread was great, fresh, warm, and flavorful. The bus boy was very polite, and tentative, topping off our waters often. The salads were great...simple, light, and tasty (I'm not a fan of having 20,000 toppings on my salad...greens and olive oil are good for me). I ordered a dish that had pieces of chicken stuffed with spinach, and flavorful veggies with a sauce. So good, I didn't leave a morsel on my plate! Nice portion as well, not so much food left I had to take it home. I had a bite of her ravioli, which was a cheesy goodness but not too cheesy. All in all, both meals were phenomenal, although a tad pricy...but I was kind of expecting that, being V-Day and all. Our waiter was great...something about being spoken to in italian by someone from the other side...just makes the experience better. The owner/general manager was all over the place helping his staff, redirecting waiters, chatting with his guests, it was a great sight. The restaurant was busy when we left, and the owner was happily greeting and "ciao-ing" every single person who left. Hell, the bathrooms were very clean, tidy, and smelled good, something you don't always see! This is the kind of thing I want when I go to an quality italian restaurant. We had an awesome time, and being big italian food fans, WILL be back again.
3	We had a Restaurant.com coupon to use at this restaurant so we thought we'd give it a try.  Since we were with another couple, we asked as we typically do, for separate couple checks.  The waiter told us 'the computer won't let me do that, but I'll split it for you."  We proceeded to order and were pleased with the service, as well as the delicious breads and compound butter (which arrived soft enough to spread rather than rock hard).  Two of us ordered the sea bass special - delicious!  The veal marsala was good (not the best we've had) as was the veal francese.  The waiter offered us a complimentary sambuca which we accepted.  When the bill came, he had automatically added a 20% gratuity (for a table of 4??) and subtracted the Restaurant.com coupon from the total bill.  Let me add, this WAS NOT a computer generated bill - it was handwritten.  Will someone please explain why it is so difficult to do what customers ask and provide separate checks? We decided to check the bill over and found that we had been overcharged for a glass of wine.  The waiter fixed it and apologized.    It was a pleasant enough dining experience, however, for the most part, we felt it was overpriced and we don't appreciate the aforementioned refusal to honor a customer's request.  We most probably won't go back as there are many other restaurants to choose from!
5	This was as good as Italian gets if you don't live in Italy.
1	Permanently closed!
5	I was sorry to learn that this Tutti Santi location has closed.They do have another location in Gilbert which is not that far away.
