5	The best hair dressers in the business. They can do it all color, cut, style, braid and great lengths.  They also has have their own product line which is the only hair product that I use now having used generic products for years. These are hairdressers that truly care about the client and the health of the hair.  I go there every week and not sure what I would do if I did not have them has my hairdressers.  They make me look good and looking good makes me feel good!
5	Hair genie and his goddess! They do an amazing job with your hair and you will feel ultra confident while having total strangers compliment you, asking you were you get your tresses done. It's almost impossible to find a stylist that specializes in "black" hair in Vegas without first promising your first born birth rights. They never fail, specializing in relaxers, weaves and (gasp) natural hair, they offer good sound advice on post service hair care and they use many of their own product line which is available for purchase. Reservations are recommended, but they do a great job Fitting in your schedule. Husband and wife team with skills to the max! May they be blessed always and remain inVegas until I move!!
5	By far the BEST salon for African American hair! I tried several salons when I moved to Vegas, and was terribly surprised and offended at how many people have no clue what they were doing, yet they still have no problem taking your money. The difference here is passion for healthy hair and years of experience. You truly get tons of compliments after leaving their chair! Definitely a wizard with the scissors so if you have short hair or want an exceptional cut, don't hesitate. Definitely make an appointment, sign up on their website for discounts.
5	I will start by saying my husband believes this is the best my hair has ever looked. I went to cut my very damaged African American hair. I am a ponytail girl an really wanted to get a good cut that would both stop my bad habit and give me an updated look. First off he was on time, one of my salon pet peeves. I also dislike people who do multiple heads at once, he does neither. He spent time talking to me about my hair's current state and ways we can fix it. After showed each other pics, he told me he understood.  I will be completely honest I was scared to death. I am surprised I didn't jump out of the chair, lol. I can say I love it. I have thin hair and it looks fuller than ever. While am still nervous about the day to day I believe the tips he gave will help. I am not a weekly or biweekly beauty salon mainly because I hate waiting and the results are usually basic, but I may have found a place (and the husband has been pressuring  me to find a beauty home). I definitely say give him a chance, his rates are reasonable, service was quick, and he knows hair!
5	I am very pleased with the outcome of  my hair after using this salon. Both stylists were great and knowledgeable.  My hair feels and looks healthy  and has a lot of body.
5	Miykael and Charita are amazing and knowledgable hairdressers that care about every aspect of the clients hair.  Getting my hair done at Miykael's makes me feel confident and gets my work week off to a good start. I have been a client for 6 years and I go every week without fail. If you are looking for quality hair stylists then I recommend Miykael Parrish Hair Care.
