5	I got pawned to Supersmile by a doctor who decided to sell her practice and couldn't be any happier. Dr. Chamberlain is very pleasant. His assistants Brock and Terri are awesome! I'm done with my treatment but I wish I could still go back to see their friendly faces for another 2yrs.
5	WOW- they don't try to up sell! They make the process fun and set a new standard of professionalism for orthodontics. I came in for a second opinion because the other orthodontist wanted to put braces on. Supersmile told us to wait until all baby teeth were out (sounded logical to me).  It's worth a drive!!!!
5	I was initially with another dr. Who sold her office to Supersmile orthodontist a few months after I signed the contract with her. At first, I was confused, but eventually I came to realize that I was actually in the better hand. Communication is clear, his bedside manner is excellent, assistants (Terry, especially) are also skilled, and super friendly. The discomfort during the examinations is minimal because he always uses the latest technique/machines. You can tell how much he loves his little patients once you step inside of Dr. Chamberlain's office. All the toys, games, cookies, movies... Although wait time here is pretty short, I'm sure kids just love hanging around at his waiting room. Dr. even uses grape/bubble gum flavored gloves to make the orthodontist visits fun and exciting. I recommend Dr. Chamberlain to anyone, especially to those with children.
5	Dr. Chamberlain is the best! I was originally with another doctor, and I am so happy I ended up with him! Everyone in the office is so friendly and helpful. When you walk in they have music playing and a movie playing for the kids. Such a fun office! Their customer service is amazing. This is by far the BEST orthodontics office I have ever been in. I highly recommend this place!!
5	I've been taking my daughter to Supersmile for over a year now for her braces and I couldn't be happier with this place.  From the minute you walk in the door, you feel like everyone who works there is happy you came. Dr. Chamberlain and his whole staff are so friendly and professional; they all seem like they love their jobs AND love their patients.  My 12-year old actually looks forward to our appointments.  I couldn't ask for more!
5	Supersmile orthodontics is great! They have a very professional and friendly staff. I was referred by the dentist that I worked for. I couldn't have picked a better orthodontist. Dr. Chamberlain is great, He is very knowledgable. His assistant Terrie is great! I highly recommend him to anyone looking for orthodontic work to be done.
5	We brought our daughter here in June of 2012 to be fitted for braces. What a wonderful experience!  Dr Chamberlain and his staff are amazing. Her braces came off in May 2014 and her smile is just amazing!  We couldn't be happier!  Thanks Supersmile Orthodontics!
5	We have been going here since 2009 and you could NOT ask for a better experience or a better orthodontist. Dr. Chamberlin and his staff are exceptional!! Thanks!!
