1	$5 for a slice of cold "NY" pizza? this new yorker thinks not.
4	I really didn't care that it was "New York" style pizza or compare it to it.  I just thought it was pretty good pizza.  I had the sicilian style also which I thought was great.  But then again, after walking up and down the strip all day starving, I guess anything would be!
5	The reason Sirrico's Las Vegas gets 5 stars from me is because I was dying for a slice of authentic NY pizza without traveling to NY. I haven't had NY pizza since I lived there in 1994, so Sirrico's was a welcomed surprise. From the minute I saw someone hand tossing the dough to make the original pizza pie, I knew it would be delicious. And I was not disappointed. One bite took me back to my childhood. The crust, the sauce, and the cheese were spot on. I wanted to enjoy another slice, but there was too much to do and see after leaving New York New York.I recommend this place to people who grew up in NY and miss authentic NY pizza.
2	We paid $16 for the greasiest pizza ever. My buddy who had one slice immediately took a giant, smelly dump in my room at NY NY.
3	Not too bad and semicheap for lunch.  The slices are huge and tasty.  One bad thing - the other patrons we were behind in line - have you ever been through a line where you pick food and move on down, quickly?!?  Geez, I felt like I was behind a bunch of idiots that have never been outside their home.  But anyway the pizza was pretty tasty and its in the cool New York New York Hotel so you can feel like you are (somewhat) in the city!  Good, cheap eats.
5	THE ORDERPizza - What elseYIPPEEEEDisclaimer: I'm a Chicago girl myself               But this is the best New York Pizza in townThey stay open till like 2amBOOONOTHING, A huge crunchy delicious slice of cheesy goodness                     what is their to bitch about
2	Why oh why do they never have mushroom pizza on hand??  It's on their menu board and they never, ever have it.  I've been to Sirrico's a handful of times and this time, I was reduced to trying their lasagna, which was entirely too drowned in sauce.  I really want to like this place more.
1	This was one of the worst pizza's I've ever had.  I ordered the mushroom pizza which came with maybe 5 to 10 pieces on a 2 inch thick piece of bread.  Sooooo not worth the wait or the cost.  If it wasn't for the fact that I was starving, I wouldn't have even eaten the half I did eat.
2	The line to eat pizza here was simply amazing.  I think that there were more people waiting to get a slice of pie than there were at all the slot machines on the floor of New York, New York.  Of course, it seemed like they were doing some kind of remodeling, so that could have had something to do with it.At any rate, the wait really wasn't worth it.  The pizza was okay, and it wasn't terribly pricey, but I won't really say that it was very good either.  You do get to select from a few slices, and the overall taste is decent.  The good news is that you don't have to wait (other than the aforementioned line, which does fluctuate).  That's an important factor at certain times, like when you are just tired of walking around and around and trying to find something to eat.The bad news is that you then have to figure out where to eat it, and there are only a handful of tables to sit at in the Little Italy section of the casino, and most of them are always full.  Even if you get to sit, you get to listen to a really bad piano bar across the way.  It'll do in a pinch, but it's just not that great.
1	Probably one of the worst slices of pizza I've ever had.  The line was ridiculously long, and they didn't have any regular cheese pizza slices, so I had to get a slice of sicilian, which was doughy, tasteless, and underdone.  My dad got a slice of pepperoni pizza, which was also underdone.  His caesar salad was awful as well.  We were lucky enough to at least get a table, but we could've gone to McDonald's and left more satisfied.
2	Went on a Monday for lunch and it was not crowded at all. They also had a wide variety of pizza.I got the pepperoni and mushroom and it was not good at all. A little on the salty side for my taste. Sure the portion was pretty big but does that even matter if you're not going to finish it?Meh. Blah. And meh again.
3	Why does everyone hate this place?  The pizza is good!  There was no line when we showed up, but there was when we left.  Three hungry guys decided to order a whole mushroom pie instead of individual slices.  They quoted us a wait of 20 minutes, but it turned out to be 35, and we had to harrass them a few times.  We suspected that they used our first pie to dole out slices to the lunch crowd.  Fuckers.But it was worth the wait, because the pizza was damn good New York style, and a nice value at $16 for 8 slices.  And yeah--my friends each ate only two slices, so I ate the other four.  What's it to you?  (Ha ha, I'm practicing my New York attitude.)
2	This place is overrated. I always see long lines and people raving about this pizza. if you see the pizza im used to eating this is as good as Papa Johns. The price for a whole pie is $15 for a cheese and thats CHEAP for Vegas. If you have a bunch of friends on a tight budget this may be the spot for you otherwise...walk right by it. I give Sirrico's a 66/100
2	This place is in a casino for a reason. It's a real gamble if you get a good slice.A whole pie-fresh out of the oven is ok. But the slice are either doughy as hell or dried out and crisy.Huge slices but what does it matter if it's no good. I'd say pass & go off the strip for some real NY pizza.
1	If you're gonna put a pizza place in a hotel/casino called New York, New York, you should at least you know... try to produce a good slice.  Now, I know full well that just because a place says New York on it somewhere doesn't mean that it'll deliver.  That happens in New York itself also (which is worse) but staying focused on Sirrico's - this was just a crap-tastic slice.  The biggest surprise at this spot is that the pizza is made fresh, because it doesn't taste like it is.I also love how a $3.50 slice is considered cheap food.
3	Meh. Not bad, not great. It's pizza. Eat it. Beer makes it better.
3	The bf & I saw Cirque du Soleil's "Zumanity" and when the show let out, I was starving. It was close to midnight & there was still a short line outside this pizza joint. I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza & a drink ($8) and the pizza was not bad at all. It tasted very fresh, despite us going there right before they closed, the sauce was tangy and it was a pretty good sized slice for the price. If I ever find myself stumbling out of another sexually charged show & am hungry, I won't hesitate to stop at this place for another slice.
3	I don't know why people are bashing this place so much...It seems like any time that I go to Vegas, I end up eating here at least once.  I think the pizza is pretty good.  It's not terrible.  It is pretty hard to f-up a piece of pizza, ya know?  Even bad pizza is still good.  Maybe I am just easy to please.  Who knows...It's definitely 'A-Ok' in a pinch and if you're starving.  I would recommend it.  And, I would definitely eat here again next time I go.
3	Its cheap and open til 3am. Its not the best pizza Ive had and not the worst. Its pretty cheap compared to other pizza joints on the strip.The slices are big and you can get a whole pizza for about 16 bux, which is not bad if you need to feed alot of people...The workers here are very rude though...I guess they are trying to give it the whole New York feel...lol...All they need to do is start flipping people off...lol..
4	Definitely a quick bite place. I think the pizza is very good, one slice get me full. Overall pizza is good and the price very good... Open til 3am =]
4	Right on the strip you can get a big square thick crust slice of pizza for 3.48 cents. The pizza is decent and they also serve manicotti, lasagna, and salads. Decently priced, okay food right on the strip-- enough said.
4	Located inside the New York New York Hotel & Casino, I have to say that Sirrico's Pizza is probably the best deal for food you will get on the strip.  With prices starting out at around $3 and getting a whole pizza for around $16, if you're hungry and looking for something filling at a cheap price, this is your stop.They offer 2 different types of Pizza "Traditional" which is more of your NY style thin crust slice or "Sicilian" which is more like a forroccia style slice and they have about 5 or 6 different styles of each pizza ready to be served.  They also offer some pasta, sandwiches, and salads.  Sirrico's Pizza is run like a lunch counter, you pick what you want, slide your tray over and pay at the register.  Not much to it.I decided to get a "traditional" slice of pepperoni pizza.  They guy gave me a huge piece and paid for it and found a seat around the corner.  Took a bit into it and have to say it was alright.  The crust was thin, but not like a cracker so you can easily fold it in half, they were a bit light on the sauce for my taste and very heavy on the cheese.  There was also a good amount of pepperoni on it, so I'm glad they didn't skimp on that.  It wasn't the best pizza I've had, but in Vegas for about $3 and good portion size, I honestly couldn't complain.  It made for a good 3:30 in the after noon late lunch before dinner at 8PM and filled me up.Overall, yes I would come back because the pizza wasn't half bad and their prices better than most things you would get in Vegas.  It did the job and the job well, normally I would rate someplace like Sirrico's Pizza at 3 stars, but considering the portion and value especially compared to all the other places in Vegas that way over charge you, it's worth rounding up to 4 stars.  If you're looking for something cheap, reasonable, and filling, Sirrico's Pizza is probably one of the best values you will find in Vegas, 4 stars.
2	It's close to 3am and you just got in from a night of excess Vegas style. You're hungry and all the neon lights are killing your eyes. All you want is a slice of pizza and the comfort of your bed....I wouldn't say Sirrico's to the rescue but it will do as the scene above plays out on your Saturday night in Sin City.Talking to the others in line and watching the passer-bys is better than their pie but what are ya gonna do?!?!?!
5	I absolutely love this place. It was a go to on my last Vegas trip when we got back to the hotel. It's located inside the New York New York Hotel. I recommend the NY style, it's excellent. They're also open till around 3am, so it's perfect for a late night snack!
4	4 stars because it is near the elevators and you can easily grab a slice as you try to stumble back to your room late at night. I think i had at least one slice a day, as it is pretty good pie for being so cheap. I always got the pepperoni and jalapeno. And as everyone knows, it can be super hard finding ANYTHING cheap in Vegas, so i was happy that i didn't have to end my night with a $30 late night snack.
4	One of my favorite places to hit late night after a night of drinking in Vegas.  Been coming here for years and I strategically try to stay in a hotel nearby so that it can be my last stop of the evening.Open real late and incredibly reasonable prices, especially for Vegas.  Service is good and it's always fun to get a cheap slice or two at the end of a long night to eat at the tables or in your room.  They have a choice of NY style pizza and Sicilian style foccacia bread pizza.  I had the latter twice this trip and each time it satisfied.  For some reason, I didn't enjoy it as much as previous trips, but it was still good.  Perhaps next time, I'll try the NY style thin crust pizza instead.It's nothing fancy, but hard to fault an inexpensive pizza by the slice place that's open late on the strip.
4	This is so our spot for some late night grub after a long night of drinking and playing tables.Pizza, pizza.  We had a pepperoni and the other cheese.  Yummo!It's open until 3am, too.
3	After spending too much money on a useless meal at Studio Cafe, we hit up Sirrico's in New York New York after a highly "adventurous" day on the strip. We roamed around LV for about 5 hours non stop - my feet and my appetite were killin' me. One slice of mushroom and one cheese slice. The pizza was pretty good, although the cheese was starting to harden. The slices were huge. Your choice between traditional and Sicilian. Still wasn't completely full, we decided to head back to the room and get lifted before heading back on a midnight mission - Aria one last time - then grub. 2nd trip within a day - New York, New York is just a bridge away from MGM so the walk was short. Around midnight, we went back because babe was finally hungry. This time around, we got a full cheese pizza for $15.00. One of the workers couldn't really speak english too well and with a name like Candace, he kept yelling out different variations of what he thought my name was - pretty damn funny - had the whole place laughing up a storm. Nice thing about Sirrico's is that they are open until 3 a.m.
4	I think this is a great spot for thin crust NY style pizza. I love that they're open until 3 am!  Wish the line wasn't always so long.
4	When In New York you should stop for a slice of pizza; Therefore, when in New York , New York Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada you might as well do the same.  Every time I go to Vegas I find myself at this place at some point during my trip.  I do not recommend getting any old slices because they are not good.  However, any slice fresh out of the oven is really good for a good price....okay....lets just say a good price for the Vegas Strip.
3	Nothing better than a bunch of pizza to ease a night of debauchery. Decent cheap pizza by the slice in New York or Sicilian styles and a decent cannolli.
4	We stopped in after clubbing at Tao Beach and met up with some new friends from our flight down. Pizza slices are large and the crust is on the thick side. Not my cup of tea but at 2am when you're slightly inebriated and all you want are carbs then this is a good place. Also the cobblestone walkways of New York, New York were wreaking havoc on my girlfriends feet so sitting down at the table and chairs was a great choice, especially for the people watching. New York, New York if you are reading this review, please install moving pedways that look like cobblestone walkways. You'd revolutionize getting around in Las Vegas. Thanks for reading.
3	Hhm, from what I remember about my two slices, it was "the best pizza I ever had!!" (Just kidding, judgement becomes impaired when under the influence) But overall, I enjoyed the fresh and hot slices right out of the oven. Inexpensive for a quality slice and soda!
4	BEST pizza place on the strip... ANYTIME of the day!My honee and I were walking the strip... looking for a low key bar to eat and watch the UK/US World Cup game... and couldn't really find anywhere open so we decided to take a stroll into New York New York and saw a beacon of light shining from Sirrico's calling my name. As always the service was quick and they had the best bargain... a slice of pizza & draft COORS for $5.95. Where are you going to get that kind of bargain on the strip? I got traditional Veggie and I loved the thin sliced crust. The cold beer was a perfect pair as always.Also... with all the sports bars around the pizza joint, we were able to find a seat and enjoy the game... Perfect!
1	Do NOT order a whole pizza pie here!!!  You think you're getting a good deal, but you'll be sorry.  We literally waited over 45 minutes for our pizza (they said it would take 15-20 minutes).  After asking several more times and waiting for 20+ more minutes -- during which time they actually yelled at us, lied and claimed that the hold up was due to ordering a half vegetarian, half pepperoni pizza (totally not true considering they told us it was fine when we ordered it) -- we FINALLY received our pizza, and it was completely undercooked!!  UNACCEPTABLE.  I was so annoyed at this point that I took it back and asked them (as nicely as I could muster) to put it back in the oven.  Several minutes of waiting (I'm sensing a pattern here, ha ha), we finally dug into our pie.  The flavor was okay, but it was still  undercooked.  WTF!Service at Sirrico's is beyond horrendous.  We were not the only ones who were put through this ordeal.  There were at least 2 other groups waiting for their pies, and everyone was seriously pissed off!  I can't believe this place is still in business.  Stay away at all costs!  Or if you absolutely must have pizza at 3am while you're already in NY NY casino, only order by the slice!!!
4	Nice little pizza shop inside the Village Streets food court of sorts at the New York New York Hotel & Casino. They've good slices of Sicilian or New York style pizza already made and ready to be tossed on a plate.   Various choices of toppings are available, though the pepperoni & sausage rock!   There's also garlic bread, garlic twists, and pizza lasagna, but what I liked best was that they were open late when you've got the cruising munchies going on and there's the slice of pizza and a Busch lite beer special for $5.75.   Can't really want for more at that time.  And there's usually seats to be found at nearby "street" tables, which if you are lucky, will afford you a view of the action going on across the "street" at Bar At Times Square.I went here 3 times at least in a couple of days and the only thing that stops 5 stars here is that the service is slow, with one taking care of the orders, one person at the register down at the end, and the rest of the crew are making pizzas.  This can get a line of people stacking up really quick, and then the guy taking the orders seems to get lost in figuring out who's next in line.
4	Pricey but very good pizza for Vegas. The Sicilian is the way to go. Slices are very filling. No free refils on soda, $3 first , $1.62 per refill.
3	I had the thin and The deep dish. the winner was the deep dish
3	This place is good if you want a quick and cheap bite to eat. They are also open very late so it's convenient. I usually get the Sicilian pizza because you can get full off one slice. If you are a Hawaiian Pizza lover don't bother because they don't carry Pineapples ....I keep checking every time I go. The Pizza is all pre made they will have choices like pepperoni, vegetarian , cheese but nothing extravagant. When you choose your slice they just reheat it for you. They also offer garlic bread, and salads as side items. It's perfect if you are on the run and don't have a lot of time on your hands.
3	OK Pizza.
3	Its the best pizza you are gonna find at 1 AM in Vegas. AVOID SBARRO! Meh!
5	This is the best place for pizza in Las Vegas.  Hands down.  I make sure to head there at least once while I am in Las Vegas.  The pizza is so good.  They must be putting cocaine in it or something.  The prices are a little high, but it's in a Las Vegas casino, not the dollar menu at McDonald's.  I highly recommend you go there, even if you are staying in the Stratosphere dump and have to shelp your way on the crowded stinky bus down Las Vegas Boulevard.  Do it.
4	Fast and good and decent prices for Vegas. That's all I'm writing because if you're reading this you're probably drunk. Have fun!
1	I was not pleased with the pizza. I got a slice of sicilian that was under cooked and my boyfriends regular slice was over cooked. We also shared an order of garlic knots that we dry and stale. We are big pizza fans and both agreed a tombstone pizza is better than this place. And a tombstone is a fraction of the price. If I were you I'd pass this place and go somewhere else.
2	Meh is right. The pizza here is a doughy slice of crap, but you can get one with a beer for only $5.75. So, should you find yourself wandering around NY NY late at night, drunk, and in dire need of some sustenance... well, this is a good deal. The pizza will soak up some of the booze in your stomach (thus allowing for more to be imbibed). The beer is Bud Light. Yea, yea... I know, it sucks. But at least it ain't Coors Light or - shudder - Miller. Of course, you'll hopefully be drunk enough that none of this will matter.
4	I actually went there last week hoping to get a pizza, but when I saw how large the slices were compared to how small my appetite was I knew I had to order something else. Luckily for me, they had lasagna on the menu. I thought it was completely delicious. I don't think it was worth $9, but more like $7. I would definitely go there again.
1	This pizza was gross.  It was under cooked, and over priced.  I agree with a previous posting that a frozen pizza is better than what they are serving here.  also the village food court inside the NYNY Hotel is very crowded, and not planned well so seating can be hard to find.
4	I actually liked this pizza. I liked this pizza so much I got it twice on my recent Vegas trip: once at midnight, and once for breakfast at 10 am! The trick is to ask the server to re-heat your slice in the oven. The pizza here was like an authentic New York slice. The perfect amount of tasty tomato sauce and the right amount of cheese on a very good, slightly bready but not too thick crust.
4	Came here on Feb 6th 2011,  I guess with all the mixed reviews it really depends if you get a fresh batch of pizzas opposed to the ones that been sitting there.  That day I went I ordered 1 slice of Sicilian pepperoni for $5.13 tax included and it was fairly large and it was fresh and quite good.  Pretty nice crunch to it, along with the cheese and pepperoni,  best square type Sicilian pizza I've had (havent had too many).  One thing I'd like to point out is all the slices are not equal so ensure if they select a slice for you and the other ones look bigger/better dont be afraid to ask for another slice instead of the default they give you.  After all your paying for it, not them,  so they wouldnt care lol..  I'll be back here to try it again sometime.
5	Sirricos is my kind of pizza joint!  It doesn't get much better than enjoying a hot slice of pizza and a cold beer while watching drunk fools stumble out of Gonzalez y Gonzalez club at 1:00 am.  The pizza here is obviosly New York style, since it is located inside of New York New York Casino.  The crust and cheese are thin, and the toppings are neat and organized.  The sausage they use is thinly sliced Italian sausage placed directly onto the pizza (none of that ground meat looking stuff here).  They usually have a $6.99 for a slice of pizza and a Busch light deal going, which is an awesome deal considering that's what you pay for just the beer at most bars.  This is the perfect place to go when you feel like chilling and eating after a long night on the strip.  As good as it gets in my book!
4	This place started off my Vegas trip right...as a NYer, I'm constantly in the hunt for NY pizza, and to see that they have sicilian slices was AMAZING (if you're from NY you know the diff between that and the regular pie).  They do lose a star for their sicilian only being so so.  The crust left room for improvement.And the pizza and beer combo...really can you go wrong with that?  I think not!  If only they had had cannolis available when I was there.  Minor ding for being out of those as well.  But I'll be back next visit, and hopefully they'll be fully stocked then.
3	The funny thing is that this pizza is good, but the flavor only okay.  It isn't greasy so that's one redeeming quality. The sauce isn't sweet like fresh tomato sauce. It's okay because I have tasted better the first time.
5	Their pizza is VERY good! Love their Sicilian style pizza. I haven't tried any of their other menu offerings, but will do so next time I'm there.I bent the rules a bit. When you leave the pizza shop, turn left and sit on a little cafe` table around the corner in front of Gallagher's restaurant. They offer a full bar and a wider selection of beer. The cafe` tables are a great place to people watch, too.
4	An awesome bite after watching Zumanity!  We saw the 10pm showing and by the time we got out we were starving!  It was really nice to see that this place was open.  Maybe it was because we were really hungry...but that slice of pizza was awesome!A little over-priced--around $4+ for a slice...realized we should've just bought the whole pizza for $20.  Great little bite of NY style pizza at the NYNY Hotel :)
3	If you're at New York New York, you have to grab some pizza! For a little over $4, you get a pretty big slice (there's a pretty good array of different pizzas too!); after you pay, grab a seat outside, where you feel like you're in New York! I enjoyed eating here for the atmosphere...I didn't feel like the pizza was spectacular or anything...I saw quite a few people order whole pizzas and take them up to their room...not a bad idea. Pizza party in the room with beer anyone?
4	Every time I go to Las Vegas I make sure I stop by Sirrico's for two slices of pizza and a beer. The place is centrally located smack down in the middle of NYNY. The pizza is fantastic and is reasonably priced for Vegas. The slices are huge, juicy, and quite flavorful. And you can pick up a slice anytime of day. Afternoon after sweating your buns off walking the strip, at dawn after seeing the neens and peens bounce around after watching Zummanity, or three in the morning after being denied booty from a tranny midget.    The only thing that sucks is the staff. You can tell they hate their job. I have a feeling there is a tough old Italian woman back there with a giant belt who beats them regularly.
4	I used to come here all the time with a buddy of mine to chow down on pizza and lasagna. Now, I don't go out of my way for it so much. This place used to be so good, man. Like, super good. They had amazing pizza, though the prices were high. Still, we'd come here every other weekend. We were regulars, and it was our opinion at the time that the pizza here could not be beat. That was then. Now, it seems that their pizza is less awesome. I don't know whether that's because the quality has indeed dropped, or maybe it's because I've gotten used to it and now I expect amazing things from this this place. Their lasagna is still good, though I'm certain that it has dropped in quality from where it used to be. Because the pizza here is more expensive, it's easy for you to spend $15 on a meal here. Not that it's not worth it, but it just seems kinda pricey. The cool thing is that it's inside the NYNY, so you can eat a ton and then kinda walk around for a little and do the tourist thing. That way you don't feel super bad about eating so much!
4	Great slice of classic Italian pie! Exactly what I was looking for. The traditional is thin and bends over, but they have square thick Sicilian as well. Traditional is the kind you have to fold a little for rigidity. Loved the pepperoni and sliced sausage.
2	We were in New York New York gambling on our last day in Vegas and decided we wanted something to eat. We found this place and thought Pizza sounded good. It wasn't busy when we were there; we walked in, and were promptly served in this cafeteria style pizza place. Decent sized slices of New York style pizza, the price isn't bad for Vegas. The problem is the taste. It was bland. I had the pepperoni and sausage slice and there was almost nothing to it. Even after going back and putting crushed pepper, seasoned salt and parmesan cheese on it, there was still barely any flavor. The sauce was bland, the meat was bland, everything was bland. My wife had the same issue with her piece of pizza. There was almost no flavor to it. It wasn't bad pizza, I just expected to taste.... Something. But I guess if I wanted something good, I should have gone to a real restaurant.
5	I typically don't review pizza places because, well, basically LA pizza is pure garbage. I've been all over Southern Cali looking for the good stuff and it always turns out to be over hyped and over priced cardboard.I love going to the NYNY hotel for the ambiance and this particular pizza joint. It's nestled between a steakhouse, Chinese restaurant, piano bar and a deli. The pizza here is so delicious that I crave it often but unfortunately I live 300 miles away. For $4 you get a big piece of quality pizza that truly is reminiscent of The big Apple! Foldable, nice yeasty dough, perfect amount of toppings (mushroom is my favorite) and cute lasagnas that come in the little square tin container it was baked in. I typically like to have my slice(s) put back into the oven for a minute to make it a little crunchier but their slices are not typically soggy/saggy in nature. You can take your slice out to the tables that sit amongst the New York themed corridor...cool feeling indeed! Big plus because they are open until 3am!!!!Get a slice or take a whole pie back to your room and enjoy.
2	Came here for a convention weekend. So as someone looking for a quick bite to eat before heading back for a convention, I ditched MGM's busy food court and came here. I mean after all, its not too far away (New York New York is only a connector bridge thingy away!So I wanted pizza, something quick and easy. Found this place as I was quickly scouting for a place to eat here in NYNY. Saw this place and decided to give it a try. I should have looked up the yelp reviews because I was not impressed. This pizza was not good at all. The crust was too thick (on all the ones they had, it was thick crust), and I am not a thick crust fan. Plus I know its Vegas in all and things on the strip on generally more expensive...but for 7 bucks a slice, it was not worth it.I had the pepperoni since they had no combination. It was just "eh!". I would NOT come back here again. If only PH was closer cuz a Earl of Sandwich would have sounded SO much better then this nasty pizza. For a square shaped pizza, that was not good and overpriced, I wouldn't come back. Though I'd mite consider trying the lasagna if I did have to come back.I give this place 2 stars. If your ever in vegas, PLEASE YELP before your eat at any place. Yes, even if your in a rush and too busy to look up a place to eat, NOT a fan.
2	All due respect to Janelle N. from Santa Monica, but you need to look harder in LA for a better pizza place. I'm from the same metro as you and I can name at least 10 places that are heads and shoulders better than this. In fact, this isn't even very good pizza, not for the price anyway. If it cost $2 a slice I'd say it was perfect, but since it's almost $5 a slice, gah! It better be something special.This is not something special. It's your typical Pizza made NY style and the ingredients didn't seem like anything I wouldn't get from your low grade pizza joint. I'd never, ever go back here because the cost of the pizza just was not remotely worth the slice they gave me, which had also clearly been sitting out longer then I'd of liked as well.I've tried pizza in Los Angeles as well, I also tried it in Chicago, in Alberqueque, in Minneapolis, in Milwaukee, but mark my words the Vegas pizza I ate here was by far the worst, and surprise surprise, also the most costly.This place your typical average 3 star pizza, but because of the price it drops to a 2. Don't believe ANYONE who says this is anything other then average. Some people just don't explore far enough past Vegas to know.
4	I do not recall ever having authentic NY Pizza, until trying this place. I went the first time on a friends recommendation. I went the second time, the next day, because it was that good. I tried both the square sausage and the cheese pizzas. I preferred the sausage better but the the bread was equally soft on both. It was the perfect dough. I think I preferred the sausage better because it was a bit more fresh than the cheese. The cheese pizza was possibly sitting longer in the hot lamp. Nevertheless, it was good enough for a 2nd visit and future visits.
4	I was surprised by how good this pizza really is!  I was thinking it was just going to be like mall pizza... however, the toppings are really yummy.  We sometimes go to the New York New York just for the pizza if we get a late-night craving.  They always seem to have pizzas out that have lots of black olives on them (my favorite!!).
3	The pizza here tasted really, really good.The bad? It gave me a mild case of food poisoning. Totally gross.So... three stars to Sirrico's for letting me enjoy a nice, gooey slice of pizza while making me feel skinny the next day.
4	pertty good pizza thin crust. great late night food after drinking..we ate here 2 times while in vegas
4	We were staying at the New York New York and after walking the strip for a few hours we needed a good snack. As other customers were walking by and had great looking slices of pizza we said oh yeah! We had to try it. The pizza is a decenct price and the slices are huge. For $6.50 we got a slice of pizza and a cup of beer. They also sell whole pizzas for a reasonable price.The pizza was awesome! Especially the crust. The only draw back was I personally would have liked a tad more sauce. Great service and food!! Will definitely eat there again!
2	Pizza was over-priced and just OK.  Too much bread, didn't have any special flavor and over-priced by the slice ($5).
3	This is New York style pizza at Las Vegas Strip prices.  No place in New York could get away with $5 a slice since there is great competition all over the place.  In Las Vegas, where most pizza is bad and you are paying casino prices, it will due.The pizza was okay.  It is better than your Domino's and Papa John's.  But it doesn't compare with any neighborhood pizzeria anywhere within 200 miles of Brooklyn.
3	Preceding our visit to Zumanity, we snagged a few slices from Sirrico's. The food was slightly overpriced, but decent tasting. I had a Sicilian and a NY style slice. The slices were good, but mediocre pizza overall.If we're pressed for time and hungry, Sirrico's may be a place to go. I won't go out of my way to go there, and won't be craving their pizza either.
4	I was expecting a crappy pizza.  Instead I was amazed to discover one of the best sauces I've ever had.  The Sicilian style pizza was a bit too doughy, so I'd probably stick to the standard slice.
4	Sirrico's is exactly what it is, and exactly not what it isn't.  I might have confused myself with that comment but let me elaborate...It was born in the New York, New York Casino "streets" area as a New York City style pizza place.  It is a solid New York City style pizza place in the middle of a casino in the middle of the desert.  It isn't perfect NYC pizza.  It is probably a bit more Sbarro's than it is strait from Italy, however, don't hate on the place because it isn't shipped in from Italy.  The prices are reasonable, not great by any means, but not heavily expensive.  Generally you can get a piece of pie and a beer for $5.  After spending $20/meal all up and down the strip, it is nice to get a cheap(er) meal.   It is "street" eating which means you will eat on the outside of the pizza shop, however by no means is it outdoors.  The pizza itself is good, but not strait from NYC by any means.  It is a nice place to sneak away for a bite for lunch to keep your day moving without having to dedicate 45 mins-1 hour for a meal.  I don't endorse this place a true NYC pizza place, but I do endorse it in having good pizza, at a reasonable price which serves a need for the Vegas tourist at some point during their trip.
4	I will say this place, when in need of a quick bite that pretty tasty, this place fits the bill. Super quick service, and the food soooooo good! I had a plain cheese pizza, the bf had a pepperoni pizza and we split a Greek salad. All in all...hot greasy goodness!!! Yummmmm!!
4	Sirrico's was the perfect place for a pre-show snack before Zumanity.  For about six dollars I got a GIANT slice of Hawaiian pizza with perfect chewy crust.  May not be the best restaurant in Vegas, but if you're pressed for time and want a quick bite in the streets of New York, New York, it's an excellent choice.
4	I ate a big ol slice of Sausage and cheese pizza before our Zumanity show.  It was really tasty and filling. Pricey but its in the hotel/casino so what do you expect.
3	I was in the same Co. as Kate S, previous. Although, I decided to skip the greasy pizza and get... wait for it... a greasy meatball sandveech! "Meatball Hero" I believe it was called... Not bad. The meatballs were nothing special. Gradually losing my appetite, I just dumped those and ate the cheesy & saucy bread.
5	Hands down the tastiest pizza I've ever come across in vegas when have little time to eat.  Quick and easy and accepts mlife comps.  I have never walked into NYNY and not stopped here. You can't beat Sicilian Chicago-style Deep Dish.
5	I LOVVVE the pizza here for a quick late night bite in Vegas!  I go here many nights each visit.  I really do not know why the low star rating...the taste is great, always seems decently fresh, its quick and the crust is to die for ... YUM!
4	I have stopped here on both trips to Vegas and thoroughly enjoyed my slice of cheese pizza each time. Perhaps around $5 is a bit pricy for a slice of cheese pizza, but I still thought it was damn good and crust perfect. Despite long lines, they were very quick, too.
2	Pizza by the slice open until 3:00 a.m. is the lure of Sirrico's Pizza in New York New York Hotel & Casino. Is the pizza good? Nope. Is it worth $5? Maybe. Will you be full? Probably.The line at 12:30 a.m. was about 15 minutes long. Basically, you pick  a slice or two from the pre-made pizzas and then it is reheated as you head to the register. The happiest customers seemed to be those getting whole pies to go.The pizza line also was the scene of one of the saddest things I saw in Vegas. A possibly homeless person right in front of me got a slice of pizza, discreetly folded it, stuffed it in his pocket, and headed for the door. It broke my heart and made me want to give him my slice, too.I got a slice of Jalapeno and Pepperoni. It put some quick carbs in my belly and let me get back out on the casino floor. Let Sirrico's Pizza do the same for you if you are just hungry.
5	Not sure what's up with others but this is hands down the best pizza I've  eatin in Vegas under one stipulation, only if it's fresh out the oven! I love this pizza and beats many local favorites in the bay area. I dream about there soft doughy crust and smoking hot melted cheese! MAN 5 STAR if it's freshly cooked. Make sure lots of peopl I front if you so you get a slice that just came out!
5	I love this place food is so yummy!!Always eat here every time we're in Vegas :)
2	We ordered a whole pie, and at $28 considered it a bargain to feed five people in Vegas.  The line was relatively short when we arrived and upon placing the order, was told that it would be ready in 25 minutes.  They do not serve you at this place and after the 25 minute wait, it was back in line (which was much longer at this point) to pick up the pizza.  We opened up the box and right away noticed the terrible cutting job on the pie.  The pizza itself is very thin and the crappy cutting job made it impossible to pick up a whole slice of pizza.  The toppings and cheese were sliding off and it was just a huge mess.  We literally had to use forks to scoop the toppings back on our broken slices of pizza.  As far as taste goes, it was good.  Nothing spectacular but better than your average pizza joint.  This place was one of the best bargains in Vegas as it was inexpensive food that filled us up for the night.
2	I've had worse pizza, but not much. And the way they have the line set up, your slice is cold by the time you finish paying. On the positive side, they do offer a fresh fruit cup for a healthy dessert.
3	I remember being 11 or 12 years old and staying at New York New York with my family and having pizza in the "New York streets". That memory is forever engraved in my mind. A decade+ later and I still find myself coming to New York New York and getting a slice at Sirrico's.I try me best at visiting Sirrico's whenever I'm in town. I'll admit it's not the best pizza in Vegas, but I love it for some reason. I guess it does help that it's open until 3 or 4AM. The slices are a little pricey ($5-6) but are generous in size. I typically get a traditional slice and a Sicilian slice. Add a soft-drink and you're looking at about $12.The pizza itself depends on how long it's been sitting under the heat lamp. I typically wait for fresh pies to come out and never fail to be tasty. The crust is especially good, most notable on the Sicilian style, which is extra thick. The gooey cheese, thick crust, and pizza sauce all add up for some tasty NY pizza. I'm sure Sirrico's is years away from authentic NY style pizza, but it's Vegas after all.Ambiance: 3 Stars (out of 5)Food: 3 Stars (out of 5)Service: N/APrice: $Overall: 3 Stars (out of 5)Pros:+ New York and Sicilian style slices+ Extra thick crust on Sicilian style+ Slices or whole pies+ Reasonably priced+ Open lateCons:- Quality and taste can vary
4	My guy loves the pizza here so we made a stop about 2 hours after our early dinner or late lunch at BLT.  Since I was all dressed up and was afraid to gain massive amounts of weight in a short period of time and because it was sweet of him to buy me the burger at BLT, I treated him to a slice but he made me take a few bites of the pizza and continued to roll his eyes and scoff when I would hesitate to eat.  It is a good pizza.. very saucy (I always order my pizza w/ extra sauce), the pizza is thin but was a little bit doughy at the end, and our peperoni and jalapenos were evenly distributed.  It is "our" thing to add jalapenos (if not bacon as well) to our pizzas... I don't know why there wasn't bacon on this thing, haha.  He could have ordered bacon w/ a side of bacon (haha).  Sitting outside, there was music blaring from afar, people from all walks of life trekking back and forth, and the best thing that I saw whilst enjoying my snack at New York-New York were the slabs of dry-aged beef (steaks) featured at Gallagher's.  Did you know that Gallagher's is the only place in New York City to grill their steaks over hickory coals?  Now you do!
2	I gave them 2 stars for being open late. The pizza was awful and I am from NYC. Please change the receipe for the crust and add some more cheese, how can you represent NY and have bad pizza???
1	One of the few places open late. There were two guys looking at a pizza in the oven when I got there, they looked at me and kept checking the pizza. Guess the pizza was more important than greeting a customer.(the oven is right in the front)Then another guy came from the back and just looked at me, so I took it he would help me. Told him which slice I wanted. Asked if anything else. No, so I proceeded to the cashier.The guy and girl by the beer tap right before the cashier were too busy talking to each other to ask if I wanted anything to drink. Went to cashier grabbed a soda from the fridge, paid and got the hell outta there! Customer service, non existant. Pizza just alright. If there was another choice to eat I would've gone there instead.
4	I've had a couple slices here on several occasions.  They serve large slices of tasty pies that will fill you up without breaking the bank.  Service has always been quick.  I was in and out in a jiffy.  There's plenty of seating available on the faux "sidewalk" outside the exit.  You can sit there and watch the roller coaster come back into the station while you are eating.
5	Whats up with the bad reviews? Do you people not enjoy good pizza? I love the Sicilian style slices, they are huge squares. The place is somewhat hidden in NY NY hotel which is actually kind of nice to go and just hide out and eat. The seating outside is nice, it makes you feel like you are really in NY.
1	Worst slice of pizza i've ever eaten. Burnt and undercooked. It was cold and extremely greasy. I couldn't even hold it in my hand because it was soggy. Toppings were raw!! Spend your $ elsewhere. Pizza here is s*#% to say the least!!
4	The pizza is very good here, second best pizza I had in Vegas actually.  Ate here twice. The service was fast as well. Plenty of seating around the (ideal) NY themed street.
5	Overall: Not sure what's up with others but this is hands down the best pizza I've  eatin in Vegas under one stipulation, only if it's fresh out the oven! I love this pizza and beats many local favorites in the bay area. Plate: I dream about there soft doughy crust and smoking hot melted cheese and slightly crisp pepperonis.  Really really good late night party food. Recommend: 5 STAR if it's freshly cooked. Make sure lots of people I front if you so you get a slice that just came out! Yes Will be a top Recommendation to anyone visiting Vegas.
3	I got a slice of pepperoni, and my boyfriend got a slice of meat-lovers supreme, or something like that. It was $18! I was shocked, that's pretty expensive pizza.It was delicious though. I do love a good New York Style pizza and this one was lovely. However, I can get meals like that elsewhere for cheaper. Still good though.
4	A slice of pizza is approximately 5.95 which includes tax. So I had two slices of pizza throughout the day: pepperoni with jalapeno and pepperoni with mushroom. Well, the pepperoni with jalapeno was okay. The trick is to ask for them to reheat the slices as they probably have been sitting out for a while for public display. I would imagine that the slice of pizza would have been better warmer. So later on after a long night of partying, I decided to grab another slice to soak up that alcohol. This time, I remembered to heat it up and it tasted fantastic. They were quite accommodating to putting that slice in a box for me even though they had ran out of smaller boxes.
4	My Bestie and I have to go here when we go to vegas. WE HAVE TO.maybe its just because of all the drunk memories... but we HAVE TO. lol.sure, its just pizza. but who cares when the crust is amazing...lol. its about 5 bucks a slice. average for vegas. im just plain jane when i come here. i jsut get the pepperoni slice. and im satisfied.  make sure the guy heats it up for u so its sizzling. sure, the people there arent hella friendly. but when ur drunk, who gives a shit. as long as ur not in my face. we're friends. lolsure, u have to sit "outside" where the tables arent always clean, but who cares when u have bomb pizza in front of u.sure, i lost my credit card around here before, but who cares when the crunchy and chewy crust is waiting to be gobbled up.sigh, ill be back. memories and pizza on the streets on New York New York
4	Nice spot for a quick bite before going to see Zumanity! The pizza was hot and fresh and the slice was huge! I haven't been to the real NYC yet but I imagine this is similar to what they have there and for me I really enjoyed the pizza!
4	Great place for a cheap, quick bite to eat. I was drunk every time I've had this, but it was always amazing, like most food is after drinking. Great place to get a little something in your tummy before a night of drinking!
5	Hands down, best pizza on the Las Vegas strip, no doubt about it. I would walk the entire strip from end to end just to eat this pizza. I can't even choose between Sicilian style or thin-sliced so I just get them both!
5	Love this pizza!  20 bucks fed two of us a slice of pizza and a soda each.  So tasty, we ate there for lunch AND dinner in one day! I highly recommend.
3	In Vegas, it's hard to beat a slice and a Rolling Rock for $7, so I take the deals when I get em. Reminds me of a Sbarro's from back home. Slices could've used some seasoning...Garlic, salt, pepper...all needed to be added to the ZA. And how about throwing them in the oven for a quick reheat?! Plenty of choices pizza-wise, and a few Italian classics find the menu as well. Our gyro and pepperoni slice went down quick, not a whole lot of complaining. A little more effort and I think the place would welcome more repeat customers as opposed to the first time gamblers and stumblers. Late night... it's a helluva meal.
3	I have been craving some great pizza for weeks. I did a search on Yelp and Travel Advisor to see where they say the best pizza in Vegas is. Sirrico's came up on top of both. I don't mind that it is a pizza by the slice place. That is all I wanted. I wanted to try a few so I got a slice if sausage and a slice of pepperoni. There were about eight or so people in front of me in line. One thing I didn't understand was why only one register was open. It took me about ten minutes to be rung up. There goes my piping hot pizza.I ate the sausage first. The sauce was very tasty, as well as the cheeses and sausage. The crust had a good taste to it but was limp as all get outs. There was no crunch to it at all. Next on to the pepperoni. Again the crust was so limp. The pepperoni was some of the best I've had on the west coast. Not to spicy but full of flavor. But the best in Vegas it is far from. If you are at the New York, New York it would be ok to try it out. But don't make a special trip. It is only ok.
5	Best pizza in vegas, by far. I always buy by the whole pie. Cheaper to split amongst friends or family. Or take one back to so cal for the drive home. Pepperoni n mushroom with sausage.  Mmmmmm.
4	How could I resist when my manfriend calls and asks, "Hungry?" Without a single thought, I blurted, "Yes!" He says, "Am gonna take you to where the best New York pizza is!" Uhm, there's that in this city? Am thinking, my my my he knows I heart NY pizza!?! How did he know? Hmmm, a man after my own heart! Yeaaay okay, he picks me up and off we go. Initially, he says to valet park the car and so I thought so we can get in to noshing pizza at once (with a smile to my face) but then the practical me says to him to just park the car in the self park area of the hotel because am thinking this keeps my hunger perked up some more into hunger-ness. It's just that I miss New York pizza. It's been sooo long ago, and so does he! We're both from the Eastcoast so there...New York pizza is a definite go-to food for us. New York pizza have always been the best pizza I ever tasted in this American part of the world. (I just have to dream about real Italian pizza until I set foot in Italy some day).Sirrico's Pizza is in New York-New York hotel and casino. It serves mighty big slices in that good ol' triangle shape or square shape pizza cuts. It's fresh and hot hot from the oven! A variety of pizza choices. Didn't even shy me from asking for the newest made pizza and the biggest of the slices. Pizza grande!Like a "starved" woman, I was aching for this pizza. Looking at the slices of Sirrico's Pizza from the big wide glass-encased food service counter, the pizza man served my boyfriend first and then me. He served us with politeness to even ask which pizza we wanted. Of course, I asked for the ones fresh out of the oven as he pulls out from the oven a new hot tray of pizza and layed it down in front of us. A side order of garlic bread with tomato sauce also was requested by my man friend. Service was polite, fast and with ease. There was no line or wait as we breezed through with the pizza and beverages into the paying process. I spotted the usual toppings of hot dried red peppers, garlic, oregano along the way to the cashier. Asked my boyfriend whether he likes garlic and not repulsed by the smell of it. He says he likes garlic, oh my! Then so, I got a hold of the oregano, hot red dried pepper, garlic containers and drizzled 'em on my pizza! These, are my usual fixings to the New York pizza for as long as I eat New York pizza ever since. I usually ignore the cheese topping. There's cheese enough in the pizza. Why ever top it with another kind of cheese?  the parmesan cheese. Dear boyfriend found a nice round table to seat outside of the pizzeria. It's dining ala outdoors-y from the pizzeria which includes people-watching and strains of music from somewhere the piano bar next to the pizzeria can be heard. I have to say for the cost it took to have 'em, this did not faze either one of us from having two picks of pizza slices each: a slice of ooey-gooey cheesey large cuts of pepperoni pizza and a slice of vegetarian pizza topped with large cuts of onions, olives, mushrooms and green peppers. The pizza had just the right amount of cheeze-iness, tasty tomato sauce, and it appeared moist with oil clearly visible but it lack the desired crunchiness on the dough for it was thick! Oh pleased...gusto, mangia mangia pizza pizza! (eat pizza) Mangiare pizza grande! (eat big pizza!) Aaah, hearty dining! It's my man's treat of a simple meal but mightily appreciated, as it brings a smile to my tummy and memories of our eastcoast lives and New York! To some this may not be the best pizza in this city but sure is to our New York pizza memory. Hungry for pizza? You, am talking to you! Go munch on a pizza yumm pizza!
4	My son wanted pizza and garlic bread.  The garlic bread was hard as a rock. This could have gone the wrong way but they exchanged it for another slice of pizza for him.  Food was average but they get 4 stars for stepping up and handling the situation properly.
4	WE eat here every time we go to Vegas. My picky eater husband loves the Lasagna! I am always torn between ordering pizza or lasagna. Always good for a quick inexpensive meal to mix in with all the other Vegas choices. We are going in September and will for sure be stopping by!
3	If looking for a quick bite in New York New York, this place will definitely fill you up. Big, heavy slices, loads of cheese. Definitely better than chain pizza joints.
4	Okay so you're looking for a cheap bite in Vegas this is a great spot. $5 dollars a slice bigger than your plate is not bad but get a whole pizza for $22 that includes 6 slices now we are talking. They sauce has good flavor and the chees almost stretches about 5 inches when you take the first bite. I enjoyed the flavor but don't forget that most dining reviews in Vegas are taken with a grain of salt. Much of us were very intoxicated during this dining experience. I was look enough to be accompanied with two sober family members that both really liked their pizza slices. Drinks and entertainment well it's Vegas so enough said.
2	I stopped by here today by myself for a later lunch.  This place is in the restaurants section of New York New York and is reminiscent of a food court.  I decided to go with a single slice of their four cheese pizza which was $5.  Not cheap but about standard for pizza in.casino prices.  The piece of pizza was decent sized and maybe would have been a sixth of a large.  Whenever I first bit into it I was expecting it to at least be warm.  Nope room temperature, awesome.  The under layer of dough was also quite soggy, probably from the grease of the cheese while it was sitting there waiting to be purchased as the back crust was crispy.  The cheese and sauce did little to inspire as well and were utterly forgettable.  The bottom line for me is that I would not stop back here again the future.  The pizza just wasn't that great and there is definitely better pizza to be had in the strip, mostly for a better price.
4	Pretty decent pizza for a quick meal. It's way better than the pizza place upstairs! Oh, they have a beer and a slice of pizza combo for like $ 7! (3/6/12)
5	This is some of the best pizza I have had in my life. We ate it 2 times in a single day and I tried to go back the next morning, but they werent open yet. Its a huge slice for 5 bucks. How can you beat that?!
5	Yummmm. Always good and always open when u need some food before bed. Love the pizza. Always hot and fresh. Never had a bad piece of pizza from here :-)
1	This pizza joint absolutely sucks. The pizza was so plain and flavorless. I'd pay a dollar a slice at most. Don't waste your time here.
5	As soon as I get off the plane I go straight here for a pizza slice. Best pizza slice ever. When I'm not in Vegas I dream about going back just for the pizza.
3	Ugh!! I'm surprised this place got this many good reviews. I'm sorry but I'm hesitant about giving it 3 stars but I felt it was just ok, maybe even subpar.For the price, ranging $4.95 for cheese to $5.50 with toppings, the price is competitive to the others in Vegas.The pizzas may LOOK like NYC but that's about it. The only taste my slice had going was the sauce. The dough had no taste, and was chewy like cardboard. My drooling taste buds was really hoping the experience would take me back to my visit to NYC but it failed. Even the cheese was blah! I couldn't even finish the slice and tossed it away.What we SHOULD have done was gone with our first choice... Secret Pizza at Cosmopolitan. Well, I was still hungry I made Stephen walk to Cosmo with me and got the White pizza at Secret Pizza. Best decision of the night.Sorry folks but there's better pizza. Don't let the aroma fool you. The service is rude, and not in the NYC way, and the food is a step above cafeteria. It's just OK.
5	If you're staying in the MGM or NYNY, this is THE place for a night time snack to make the next morning feel less bad. It's open till forever and the slices are thick, big, and the right amount of greasy. The piano bar is next door so you'll be treating to some live music with your slice. Yes it's $5 for a slice and you'll need two but it's small price to pay for convenience and feeling ok the next morning. The whole pie is a much better deal but if you can wait the 25 minutes, you probably don't need it and can get a more quality pie elsewhere :)
4	We went here for a 2am drunken snack. People were pissed that they were out of pizza but we waited a few minutes for a slice of vegetarian that was coming out (beggars can't be choosers right?) the pizza was really good and the guy waiting on people had a great attitude even though people were being rude. Would be nice if they had more pizza rolling out since it does say 24 hours on the sign.
3	First thought was "wow this's Pretty DAMB good pizza.........." I would've gave it 5 stars but the  problem was that they need to run it thru the oven before handing it off................................................................. Got a couple cold pieces this weekend and it went from great to mediocre.
5	Not sure why such a backlash, this is one of the better pizza's I've in Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  The Sicilian style is my preference and one slice will do you just fine.  I seek this place out every trip to Vegas after a couple of adult sodas.
4	One of my favorite place to eat. I have been here many times and their gross is always delicious. Must have for any pizza fan!
2	I wouldn't stop here by choice, but my friends thought they'd find authentic New York pizza at New York New York, so here I was. It's cute they thought that, but I warned them it's not true. The pizza is good enough for a drunk individual who believes they are in New York City while stumbling through here. I tried the thick and thin crust, and was not impressed by either. The thin crust was decidedly MUCH better, but is not what I recall of New York City. It's not fresh unless you happen to make it there as they pull one out of the oven, and sadly, they did not reheat my slices that had been out for a while. It's busy here, like an assembly line, so you better know what you want, and know it fast. If you're in a rush and don't care, perfect place for you.
4	I grew up in the burbs of New York and have a decent understanding of New York style pizza.  I had a slice of the four cheese pizza at Sirrico's and it was pretty good.  The crust was a little bland and undercooked, but the thickness and taste had more of a New York quality than the stuff that I find at home in New England.  A slice was $5, but the slice was larger than average and was best consumed when folded in half.They also had sicilian pizza, which is sort of an unknown in most of the country.  I would have liked to try that too, but I just needed a snack and one slice was enough for me.
4	This was a great place to grab some good food and "escape" the craziness on the strip. When you're in New York New York you'll find yourself in a cartoony, cute version of New York complete with hot dog joints, pizza places and a nice looking Jewish Deli. Sirrico's was a perfect place to grab a quick dinner, we got a whole pizza for $22 that fed 5 people and left all of us satisfied as we made our way onto the town for a night of drinking. It was hot, greasy, but not too greasy and the thin crust pizza you can fold in half while you're eating it- good stuff. If you want some tasty food to coat your tummy before going out Sirrico's would be a great place to start.
1	We order A large peperoni there are 3 ready to go. They make us wait 25 minutes for one I don't understand this place will not put the costumer first. It's a workforce full of basic ass bitches
4	Stopped in to Sirrico's for a couple slices.  I was impressed.  Not a bad "NY" pizza slice.  The crust was done pretty darn nicely (thin, chewy with some slight charring on the bottom).  The sauce was good as was the cheese.  Overall, not a bad slice of pie.  I'd put it a notch below Secret Pizza.....but it's actually a pretty nice pie, especially if you like the  "NY" pizza style (thin, foldable crust with an emphasis on the cheese)
3	One of the reasons I stay at NYNY is because of their variety of food. This stay I was disappointed. I love going to Sirricos but the last 2 times haven't been very good. They have 2 different types of pizza you can choose from, Sicilian which is the thicker type, or traditional New York which is large and thin. I went with the Sicilian. You walk up and choose what slice you want based on what they have prepared, if you want something different they tell you it's not available or to come back later. I chose a slice of cheese and a slice of pepperoni. When I started eating, it was already starting to get cold. You could tell it had been sitting there for a while. I would recommend them heating it up in the oven for you to make it hot and crispy, of course they won't do that because the wait time will be to long. Anyways I will take my adventures to another pizza place next time I'm in town.
4	Ok prices for a quick lunch/snack. The sicilian seems to have spicier sauce than the traditional. Free wifi in the 'streets'.
3	This pizza is okay. Not bad, not the best, but good enough if you're hungry and in the area. The Sicilian pizza was much better than the thin crust (we got both). However it does seem overpriced, but I guess that's expected in vegas.
3	$7.70 for a slice of pizza and a beer? Don't mind if I do.A slice is $5.50. Only $2 more for a beer is a steal in Vegas. You really can't NOT do this. The pizza is okay. Nothing special, but it's a cheap and reasonable option in Vegas when you're just looking for a quick, semi-cheap bite to eat. They had lots of options for pizza toppings. It wasn't fresh out of the oven, but that happens at places where they sell just slices. Especially in Vegas. They're also open super late. Till 3 during weekdays, and till 4 on Friday and Saturday. The line went quick, and the pizza was alright. They have a beer special too and that's worth it to try out if you're staying in New York!
5	It's like $8 for a beer and slice of pizza. How anyone can complain about that being overpriced is beyond me. Don't be insane and expect that this is going to be NYC quality slice. This is just a good slice of pizza at a reasonable price. If you're looking for higher end pizza in Vegas you've got plenty of options.Some customers were slamming the counters and screaming at the staff for no reason and the staff handled it very professionally. They probably deal with their a lot of drunks and I think it would be hard to remain patient like that. Respect to the staff.
5	This was the best pizza I had while I was in Las Vegas! I actually found it by mistake while I was staying at the MGM across the street, but glad I found it.  I'm from New York, and I actually found their slices to be outstanding! And the ambience of where it is located within the casino can't be beat. You walk down a cobblestone alley and there it is. I'll definitely be back next time in town...
4	Was in New york New York gambling and wanted a cheap dinner, so enter Sirrico's. They have about 10-12 different selections on pizza (with a slice costing about $5-$6 a piece). I tried their pepperoni and Pepperoni and Sausage New York Slices (Both were really really good) and their pepperoni sicilian slice (good, could use more sauce). Overall If your not looking to spend much and are in New York New York, give this place a try.
2	This has been a must every year when we visit Vegas. Just got pizza and not a New York pizza as we have had in the past. This pizza was dry and lacking flavor. New York pizza has oil on and flavor, YES, unhealthy but I'm not eating it to be healthy.  I spoke to the manager and the chef, that had to change their recipe to low and no fat cheese because people complained of it being unhealthy, DONT EAT PIZZA if you're looking for healthy food. The do gooders have ruined my pizza hangout.
3	Sirrico's is found on the inside the New York, New York casino amongst the myriad of other food fronts and bars that make up the internal street scene.The place is pretty busy and they turn out pizza's in an assembly line like fashion, most likely due to the popular $7.77 promotion---1 slice and a Rolling Rock beer.  Beer was *ice* cold (nice), but pizza slice was 'meh' at best.  It looked better than it tasted which was a shame...I hate to say but it just reminded me of DiGiorno frozen pizzas you get at the supermarket.That being said, the premium pizza's and thick casserole style pizzas look much, much better.  If I find myself there again, I'll opt to give one of those a try.The line moves at a pretty decent clip and there's the traditional variety of toppings to choose from.They have a few different beer options, and also sell wine (cheap variety..think screw cap or boxed) by the glass.
3	Been here a few times. Not to fond of the pizza here. It's pretty greasy. You get a nice big slice though. I tried the pasta. Not that great. Only had a few bites and threw it sway. The cheese in the lasagna tasted old, like  re-heated leftovers. The garlic bread was hard. It was obviously sitting there awhile. They overcharged us. The customer service however was good. Very friendly. Some people didn't know anything about the food though. Was a little annoying having to keep waiting for him to ask someone else and report back to me. Salads are good. Beer is good.
3	It's ok pretty fresh and the prices are good. Not the best pizza I ever tasted or the worst. Didn't find anything special about it. Its good if your drunk and its open late.
1	Don't care that it's overpriced because it's on the strip so that's expected. But this was the worst pizza I have had in my life, and I am not a critical person prone to giving one star reviews. I got a 'traditional' vegetarian pie. There was barely any cheese or tomato sauce on it. It was undercooked and doughy, bland, tasteless, and didn't even have enough salt on it. The crust was way too wide due to them not putting much tomato sauce or cheese on it. The vegetarian topping is diced green, yellow and red bell peppers and onions, which I knew beforehand, but which seemed to have put straight from a bag of frozen diced bell peppers and onions onto the pizza prior to underbaking it. Thankfully they gave us some little containers of dry Parmesan and crushed red pepper which helped make it at least edible. I never eat just one slice of pizza but one slice was more than enough. The four other people with me agreed that the pizza was bland and undercooked. We went here at 9 pm today which is not late for them as they were going to be open till 3 am or something according to their sign. I can't believe this restaurant has 3 1/2 stars on yelp. Maybe we just got one of the worst pizzas they have ever made and it was a fluke, but I'm never going back there to find out.
