5	Charlottes new hot spot. Great Japanese food and super cool lounge upstairs. The food is incredible and fun to share.  The duck is a must have!!!@
1	Here's one review that Baku didn't pay for; TerribleOver priced wineBad food - think Costco dumplings, rice-a-roni mushroom risotto, captain d's fried grouper.Waitstaff was nice and decor was interesting. Otherwise save your $$$. This place is a flash in a very greasy pan.
5	I had two roles there. One was a sort of spicey tuna and the other was a wagyu with pickled something with truffles. They both were amazing. The ambiance was amazing. My next trip I'll be getting the wagyu tomahawk ribeye.
5	A very rare 5 STAR review from myself goes to Baku.  Located right on Sharon road near Diamonds Direct - Baku is very easy to find.We were here last Thursday night at the suggestion of other yelpers - Thanks guys!!!  They had valet parking right out front in case you didn't want to try to hunt down a spot.There is an upstairs and a downstairs where you can be seated.  Downstairs has the excitement of the open kitchen and very nice decor.  Upstairs is a little sexier with a bar, lounge areas, high tops and low tables.We were told to get a few small plates so we ended up with the pork dumplings (seared slightly on the bottom - comes with the house sauce - DIVINE), the peppers (I can't remember the name?!?!), tenderloin and asparagus skewers, pork belly skewers, and shrimp tempura.  Each dish was delectable, not too smoky.  Just the right amount of food for two people.The wait staff was super attentive (although struggling with the restaurant's newness still....)The decor and music - so sexy chic.  The hot towel service was a great touch.  I can't wait to go back and try new items.  Superb experience and truly a unique Charlotte dining experience.
1	Don't bother! Pretentious, over rated, and boring. Just keep driving or go back home and make Ramen Noodles.
2	I was there the first weekend it was open; the food was so-so. It was a bit of a turn off when you walked into the front of the restaurant and the management and possible owners were huddled by the front door - not to greet you, but just being tense.We ordered white and red miso soups, which were handed to us backwards; which was annoying because we had to listen to a 3 minute speech on each food option on the menu. I get it, your a new place in town, but I can read. The beef tenderloin with asparagus was good, as was the Kurobuta pork and sweet onion dumplings.I can't say the food was any more flavorful than say Cowfish. The front patio was nicely decorated and had a fun atmosphere. I wish they had some music piping through the outdoor seating area.
5	Came here the other night for my birthday dinner with 6 girls. Cocktails, atmosphere, food, and dessert were all amazing! I don't remember our servers name but he was outstanding, very patient and entertaining especially with a rowdy group of women. Thank you Baku for making it a great experience.
3	BF & I dined here this past Saturday. We got here a little before 630 & apparently the entire restaurant was booked with reservations, with the exception of the bar & the patio. It was pretty nice outside, so we decided to sit out on the patio. Our server was extremely knowledgeable. They have an extensive list of sake, & I'm not a sake expert but I decided you can't go wrong with the flavored ones. I got the fuji apple sake & my BF opted for the lychee sake.. both were great but the fuji apple was my favorite!They have a few vegetarian items on the menu. The ones I remember are coal roasted shishito peppers, a couple of mushroom maki rolls, some type of sweet & sour tofu skewer, & wild mushroom kamameshi pot. I decided to get the peppers & was almost going to choose one of the sushi rolls, but I decided to try the kamameshi pot instead. The peppers do come with bonito flakes sprinkled on top, so we got them in a separate little bowl. My BF got the tempura tiger prawns, beef & asparagus skewers, & soft shell crab maki roll.The shishito peppers came out first. They were tasty & not really spicy. They came with a little dipping sauce made of soy sauce & chili flakes. $7 was a little steep for a plate of peppers but I enjoyed them & would get them again.The tempura tiger prawns came out next.. $12 for 5 pieces of fried shrimp.. what?? I kind of laughed when the prawns came out because at that price we were expecting at least ONE more to make it an even $2 per prawn. I did not eat them & while my BF seemed to like the prawns, he said they weren't really anything special.Next up was the wild mushroom kamameshi pot. It came to the table unstirred, but I was unable to get a picture of it at the time because our server stirred it while explaining the dish. I enjoyed the flavors but again felt it was overpriced at $17 for some rice, mushrooms, & a few vegetables. The nice touch was that the rice on the bottom was a little crispy from the hot pot.. love it!My BF got his beef & asparagus skewers (I think it came with 2) & soft shell crab roll. The skewers looked much better in person than that shitty picture I posted (blame the BF for that!) I think he liked the skewers & the roll was comparable to Cowfish prices but definitely not in size.. Cowfish wins that hands down! I don't remember the exact prices of these 2 dishes individually, but together they must have been around $25 based on our bill.Overall, the service was great, sake was awesome, & the food, while good, was definitely overpriced. We weren't particularly blown away by any of the dishes which is kinda disappointing for a meal close to $100 (including the tip). We will probably be back because my BF wants to try the duck & a couple of other grilled meat dishes, but Baku will likely not be in our regular rotation.
5	Great spot in Charlotte!! I live in LA but am in Charlotte about 3 times per year and this is the best thing you guys have going!! I have had robata at Katana on Sunset Blvd. in Hollywood and at Wolgang Puck's Robata restaurant in Vegas but this place tops them both! Very delicious and creative menu!! I will make Baku a regular stop when I come back to town!
5	Food was delicious, service impeccable, atmosphere was amazing! I will definitely be back!  The pork dumplings were tender and flavorful and the rock shrimp tempura were perfectly seasoned and piping hot when the arrived at our table- the perfect way to start our meal. Next we tried the butterfish which was unlike anything I've ever tasted- the butterfish, white asparagus and sauce came together and were nothing short of magic. The spicy filet of beef was cooked perfectly and so tender that I was easily able to eat it with my chop sticks, and the sauce was heavenly. Then we enjoyed the largest king crab leg I have ever seen, with sweet local corn and baby artichokes.  Please do not leave this restaurant without having dessert, we tried the dark chocolate espresso truffles with sour cherry sauce and cinnamon/ginger snap ice cream-  i could eat that dessert everyday for the rest of my life and never tire of it. Long story short it was the type of dining experience that makes you want to call all of your friends and demand that they to go experience the wonder that is Baku! I promise you will not regret it.
2	I had very high expectations for an authentic and original concept to come to Charlotte and shake up the food scene in the South Park area. My expectation's were met with much disappointment. While everything was not terribly horrible, the restaurant was an oddity, the atmosphere felt confused and awkward, and the service was-HORRIBLE.We were greeted by the general manager opening the door, which was nice, but the hostess sat us at a horrible table, when there was literally no one else in the restaurant. With multiple seating options it felt a little ridiculous to be sitting at the first tiny two top against a wall-which just felt unwelcoming. With booths available you think you would want to make your guests comfortable. The server was the master of up-selling, he brought us out a $6 bottle of Fiji water-and without even presenting it he opened it up and proceeded to poor. Where is the tap water, the other tables had it? He asked if we wanted sparkling water or still water-thought this was synonymous with tap water??He also insisted on "guiding" us through the "dinner experience"-like I cant order and read for myself. After an odd monologue about Baku-he moved us across the dining room so we would be more "comfortable." That was kind of awkward but I was glad to have a better table. Food-The calamari was amazing. The calamari was tender, served hot and fresh, with the perfect amount of seasoning, it came with sliced green chillis that added a nice kick of flavor. A little oily but this didn't distract me from enjoying it. 10/10It went downhill from there-Scallops with foi gras- Ok, they were amazing as well, but we waited 15 minutes between finishing the calamari and receiving the scallop. I say scallop because it was one scallop cut in half- you think you'd receive more for 19 dollars? It had a nice flavor but the foi gras was not substantial and by the time it got to the table it had melted away, also hard to cut with chopsticks. 6/10Chicken Skewers with leeks- Ok- came out hot, had a nice smoky flavor from the grill-right amount of sauce, but where were the leeks? It looked like green scallions were substituted for leeks, and this didn't lend the same amount of  appeal and flavor you would experience with actual leeks. 4/10Duck breast Entree- Nicely rendered piece of duck, cooked properly, it had a smoky flavor and it was nicely done. It lacked seasoning and a sauce. It came with a small dish of chopped plum chunks-which added a nice sweetness but lacked the body of a sauce and didn't adhere to the duck because it was hard and awkward to eat with chopsticks.. This could have been an amazing dish if it had been served with a sauce and hadn't been so difficult to eat. 7/10-May I mention that our server suggested we order a vegetable to "cleanse our palet."  So I assume this means before the meat course/main entree? We literally waited for 20 minutes after we finished the duck entree for corn on the cob. By this point the meal had ended- and waiting 20 minutes for corn felt silly. Also no one came by our table to ask if we were ok- the server literally disappeared  When he brought it out he had the audacity to say it eats like desert- by that point we just wanted a check and a box for the corn. Overall-Weird experience. The music was horrible as well-felt like I was at a graduation party. The ambiance felt confused and unestablished.Food was good, but the courses were improperly timed, dishes could have used a little bit of seasoning or at least the server should offer salt and pepper. Service was non-exsistant for most of the experience, the server was nice and "attentive" at first but after he took our orders he spent most of his time doing side work making us feel abandoned and awkward- the restaurant was pretty much empty- you think you'd be a little more attentive. The service and experience could have been better-especially since the South Park area has a decent amount of competition for a new restaurant. They need to step it up if they want to survive. Wouldnt go back. Overall- 5-10 Not worth the price :(
5	Wow, thought I had already reviewed this place but apparently not.  Well for starters you have to love the interiors.  As stated in some of the other reviews, the upstairs area is preferred if you are looking to lounge.  I loved the ambiance of the place.  We came on their first official night open so there were some kinks in the armor, mostly relative to bar menu and drink selection but the service was friendly and prompt none the less.The food was fantastic, the pork belly melts in your mouth and the shrimp tempura was divine.  The peppers we had were incredible and although considered a small plate, I found the portions to be fairly large enough for two.
1	Very expensive! Very little portions!  Oysters smaller than a quarter!  Only positive is the presentation is beautiful. Expect to leave broke and hungry!!!!!!!
3	A new Izakaya restaurant, very posh and upscale.  I expected an izakaya to be less formal and less stiff. More of a watering hole for the tired salaryman but this place has turned the local watering hole into a semi-formal dining establishment. Lots of uniformed waiters, a sake sommelier, a valet.. its just a wierd vibe for an izakaya.  The clientele is all dressed up for dinner, in heels and all. Kinda snobby.Service is impeccable. They will take very good care of you. Our server was cordial and attentive.  We just about ate everything on the menu. Even had their Nanbu Bijin Dai Ginjo. Kitchen is fast. Our skewers came very quickly.  The best is the scallops and prok belly. So good, we asked for 2 more plate. The Omakase, at $60 for 3 was expensive.  There simply wasn't enough to justify $60 for 3.  I would say the portion was enough for 1 person.  All the other plates were OK.  Nothing too spectacular.Sake list is good. They had a few bottles from JunMai to DaiGinjo. We had the KiKuSui , which came is such a small 300ml bottle is was pathetic. We stepped up and got the $150 Nanbu Bijin that was much better. The next time , I would ask them to sit the bottle in a bed of ice. I kinda like my sake colder.Anyway, its not your typical relaxed, let your hair down, end of the day, drop your butt down and drink your tired day away of an Izakaya.  People actually dress up and come here to be seen. Sorta different vibe, sorta pretentious..but damn good service.  It is on the pricey side.
2	I was shocked - SHOCKED - to see butterfish on their menu. I asked our server about it and I said "is that the fish that gives you intestinal issues"? She said "oh no, our chef is world class and he wouldn't have something like that on our menu. Butterfish is escolar." I responded "YES! Escolar is the fish that causes explosive diarrhea!" I then Googled it on my iphone and sure enough I was correct. Why on Earth would they put this on their menu I do not know. I thought the restaurant was beautifully decorated and very warm and inviting. The service was somewhat knowledgeable and very attentive. However they did the thing that I hate the most and scream "corporate concept" - our server asked if we'd like sparkling or still water and when he asked for still she asked if we'd like Fugi or "Charlotte's Finest". It's a terrible attempt at upselling. We had the pork belly skewers, blue fin tuna maki roll, king crab leg & salmon roll, tempura veggies, tenderloin and asparagus skewers, pork dumplings, tofu, edamame, etc. We had a wide range of dishes and overall they were all just good, but not exceptional and certainly not memorable. Especially not so for the price. I'm still shocked that they have escolar on their menu. For that reason, and the lack of a wow factor, I won't be rushing back.
3	I'm so glad I'm not the only one who isn't completely wowed by Baku! Phew.  The fella and I visited on a Wednesday night after making Open Table reservations, and we parked in the back to avoid the valet.Upon entering, literally seven Baku staff members were lined up to the right of the door to... welcome us?  Bizarre.  We headed upstairs to have a drink since the downstairs bar was already a little crowded.  Our bartender was nice, but fully admitted she was having an off night after making the wrong drink then spilling the right drink.  Oy.The decor is really cool - dark walls, orange fans on the ceiling, painted eyes on the wall staring at you - the staff are all very chic and sleek.  It definitely has a clubby vibe.Onto the food!  After our drink, we were seated upstairs. Our waiter was awesome - he was so gracious and helpful and didn't even make fun of me when I had to ask for a fork (chopsticks aren't my forte).  The fella and I got a bottle of wine and ordered three of the small plates/appetizers so that we could try a little bit of everything.  * The pork belly skewers were good, but there wasn't a ton of flavor, and they were TINY.  We got two skewers with two tiny pieces on each.* The rock shrimp tempura tasted very fresh and light, and since there were six pieces, I got to take a few more bites than of the pork belly.* Lastly, we ordered the beef and asparagus skewers, which were good, but nothing to write home about.  There were three tiny pieces of beef and one piece of asparagus.Two drinks at the bar cost $11 and $12 + tip.  Dinner was a $50 bottle of wine and those three small plates cost more than $60... then we added tip.  The moral of the story is that Baku thinks A LOT of their tiny portions, and I had to eat a real dinner when I got home.  Cool, hip ambiance and excellent service, but I just can't justify the price for what you get.
5	My husband and I dined here for our Anniversary on October 23rd.  It was our first time there and it will definitely not be our last.  The service and food were phenomenal!  Our waiter, Mark, definitely made us feel comfortable and since we had never dined at Baku before, he went over the history and menu with us.  He was very knowledgeable, hospitable, and helpful with our selections.  We decided to order a variety of things to share.  Each of the plates were spaced out perfectly, so as soon as we were done with one plate, a new plate came just minutes later.  It was absolutely delicious and we will definitely be returning.
5	Very good.  Something South Park, much less Charlotte, needed.  Good Asian food with nice presentation.
5	LOVE this new spot in South Park. So happy there is a new & trendy place for food & drinks in the area...South Park has really needed something like this for a long time. The restaurant itself is an all around A+  -- decore, good vibe/energy and music. Feels like you stepped into a Miami or NYC hot spot. Love the option to eat downstairs and then up to the lounge for more drinks and maybe some dessert. Their chocolate truffles with raspberry sauce are amazing. Food is delicious and love the small plates for sharing & trying out the menu. My top picks off the menu: Roasted Eggplant & Tomato Salad, Baby Artichokes, Spicy Filet of Beef and the Baby Back Ribs. So good. Excellent, very attentive service. 100% recommend stopping in.
1	Very disappointed with our experience. If you are looking for an overpriced meal with poor service then this is the place for you.
1	I would give ZERO stars if possible. Probably the worst experience of my life. Every single person we encountered were one step below brain dead, our server told us that we couldn't order what we wanted bc "it's not how we do things" drinks were bland and wrong, and we spent $260 for dinner that was aweful! I'm all about Tappas but that was just bad! I would recommend against...a total let down and would suggest going to McDonalds. After all, that's what I wanted after I left!
5	Tried this place out the 2nd week it opened, and I must say, it was a phenomenal experience.  When walking in, you feel like you are in Tokyo/NYC/South Beach/Hollywood all at the same time.  Great ambiance and music.  It was quite busy that night.  I must also add that we had over 10 people in our party, so it was rather challening for our waiter.  I'll have to go try it again, to see if they improved on their service but other than that,  the food was excellent.  The dessert  was incredible!  It was a giant mountain (literally looked like a mountain) of ice cream gelato, cake, fruit and several other things.  Absolutely delicious!  What a great addition to SouthPark and to Charlotte in general!  So glad to see something more unique in this area instead of the usual Steakhouses and franchise crap.
5	If I could give Baku more than a 5, I totally would!  This place is beyond amazing!  Well worth your time & money!
4	Finally ate here last night and overall, it was a good experience.  We ate downstairs (I prefer the bar area upstairs) and ordered some sushi - the presentation was great, the rolls were kind of small, which I actually prefer over ginormous ones.  We also got the calamari and tempura shrimp.  I am going to write off my disdain for these 2 items on not liking tempura.  The sweet and sour calamari at Upstream are my fav.  If you order edamame, make sure to get the chili sauce on the side.  Delicious and I want the recipe.  I'm not sure why the staff line up in the front and stare at you when you're walking in, but it's kind of unsettling.  And the wine pours are teeny, especially for the price.  I'd order a bottle or just ctails next time.
2	I was really looking forward to trying out Baku! As a foodie and a sushi lover, I have not been able to find any sushi place that has "wowed" me in Charlotte. Everything is always just OK & that is exactly how it was at Baku. Add in slow & inexperienced service and the fact that it is overpriced = we will not be going back. Being in the food industry myself, I know how hard it is to get a restaurant flowing nicely with no kinks, so some of this may be due to the fact that it is fairly new, and I do hope that they will improve. I called to make a reservation last Saturday and the man who answered said that 9:30 would be fine. When we got there, I was honestly surprised at how full the restaurant was! I walked up to the hostess and she told me that there was no reservation in my name. She said they would try to seat us as soon as possible, which they did (about 10 min). I do appreciate the decor and think that it would be a cute place to grab a drink and some light appetizers, but please do not spend your hard earned money on this overpriced food. It honestly hurt my heart to sign my bill because we hated our food so much. I was really excited about the shishito peppers because I love them and they are really hard to find in Charlotte - they came topped with this weird shaving, but they were still good. I also ordered the grilled artichokes and the sashimi platter - both BLAH. My sister is the one that had real problems with her food. She ordered the beef and asparagus skewers and a mushroom roll. The beef skewers came out rare - it is extremely unprofessional to not ask how someone would like their meat cooked. Not everyone likes rare. When we asked if they could cook it longer, she said that the chef is weird about stuff like that, so she would let us know. She reluctantly took it back and it cooked to about a medium rare not a medium like my sister asked. The mushroom roll took one hour and 15 minutes to arrive at our table. It was close to 11:30 by the time we got it. I don't really understand why it took that long & the waitress kept telling us different things about it. I would have liked to have seen that item comped or at least have the manager come to the table to apologize - nope! It would even be a little bit better if the roll was actually good, which it wasn't. I really hope that the staff and management work on fixing these issues because I really cannot see an overpriced sushi restaurant that isn't even good surviving during these times.
2	On the positive side, our server was phenomenal. Michael went above and beyond to create our dining experience. Second and last positive is the reasonably priced wine and decent selection. The food is good, we did not have a bad dish. Our table of 6 ate tapas style and ate a wide variety from the edamame (delicious chili sauce) to the wagu beef. Unfortunately this is challenging because the portions are so small. Although they encourage tapas sharing, the dishes are barely appropriate for 2 to share. The food did not rock my world, but it was good. Then the bill came. For a table of 6 to spend $1,000 including gratuity, I would expect to be eating Nobu quality food. I have no problem paying for a meal that is outstanding, once in a lifetime experience. Unfortunately, that is not Baku in Southpark. Outrageously priced food.  Unfortunately we will not be back. Ever.
4	Tried this spot shortly after it opened. Although they "lost" our call ahead reservation, we had no trouble being seated. The drinks (blue cheese martini) were delicious! The food, especially the miso soup and sushi, was really fresh and tasty. The portions, however, were very small. Plan to order 3-4 small plates for a couple at least. I'd like to return maybe as a date night, rather than with a group.
5	Baku is named after a mythological dragon who eats bad dreams - my interest was immediately piqued after learning this. I've been to Baku twice and never been disappointed by the cuisine or the breathtaking atmosphere. It's about time Charlotte gained an upscale establishment that isn't reeking of played out trends or beating that dead (and stuffy!) fine dining horse that should've been laid to rest years ago. The Jidori Chicken breast was tender and savory, the mugi and miso soy glaze gives it a robust flavor that isn't overbearing or painfully salty as is the trend in some lesser establishments. The Day Boat Grouper Bites, Rock Shrimp Tempura and Tiger Prawns are tempura done perfectly - light and flaky, super fresh and unweighed down by excess greasiness or breading. I haven't had Red Miso soup since Nobu in NYC and was pleasantly surprised by Baku's take on Miso's not so common cousin. The Sweet Potato was also cooked perfectly - not stringy or undercooked, not drenched in sugar - and complimented our sushi (delicious yellowtail sashimi sliced thinly enough to melt in your mouth) amazingly well. However, my absolute favorite dish at Baku is the Giant Madagascar Prawn, hands down. I could eat a million of them and never get tired of them. Absolutely flawless.The only thing I didn't love about Baku was the clearly condescending vibe given off by the Management. Guests seem to bug them and co-workers seem to bug them even more. A couple of people have commented on the posse of hosts that seem to be almost forcibly planted at the front door eager to open the door for you even when they're not busy at all which is, yeah... awkward. Add impersonal, nearly hawklike managers and you've got a slightly uninviting ushering in.  I haven't gotten the slightest clue what's up with that - Baku's food is heavenly, the atmosphere is killer, servers have always been efficient and helpful and hosts nothing but friendly and hospitable.
2	I don't get why so many people are raging  about this place. Here's my tale of disappointment:Went here last night since everyone that I knew of was telling me that I gotta try it and that my fellow yelpers said some of the reviews here are just flat out lies. So I came here to accomplish both goals of getting the experience first-hand and write a honest review. So, back to the story, I came in (had a appointment at 10pm) and I immediately notice the type of people that goes here. Let me tell you, I'm from a pretty well-off family, so I know the difference between wealthy people and snobby ones that doesn't have the money but just act like they do. And I noticed there were ton of those snob. Which is strike one on my list. Later on at 10:10 pm I was asked to be seated in the back of the room which I'm not fond of since I prefer seating in single seat but oh well. The waiter then gave me a tour through the menu, however, he only went over wines and sake, saying how great their drinks are. I had to ask him about foods, and he wasn't really sure about the sushi when I asked him questions on how fresh it is. Minus another point.After ordering, the waiter brought out my wine and assuming that I paid nearly $50 that I would get a pretty decent wine (and the waiter even recommended it) I was extremely dissatisfied. I've travel to France and know what good wines are, and let me tell you, the one that Baku serves you are cheap quality wines for extremely ripoff price. You can buy it for 1/3 of the cost!Now, onto the foods. Disappointing also... The presentation look good but the taste and quality is a c- on my book. The steak was bleh since it wasn't flavorful (even though they said they are well known with using organic charcoals to make their grill foods delicious). The duck meats was still kind of raw (goodness gracious) and the plum didn't suit with the duck meat. Their flavors were too different to be combined which made the dish taste unsettling. Sushi.... Just flat out no. Sushi didn't taste fresh and way too watery. And the sauce that they used did not compliment the sushi, rather it hinders it by creating sour taste. I don't mind price when it comes to food that are worth it. But when I receive foods that are poorly made, then my friend, I'm quite pissed off. If you want to go here and show off that you have money and claim that it's delicious then go right on ahead. But if you're like me, who actually prefer true culinary skills then this place isn't worth for you to come. Well, that is the end of my extremely long story of woe. xox
3	The ambiance is amazing.....you don't even realize you are in Charlotte. The food is just ok I left a bit hungry. It is definitely overpriced. "The drunken whale" sake was good. I would definitely go here for a cocktail or 2 but that's about it
4	I loved everything about this place. The food, decor and service were all fabulous. The food is designed for sharing. We started with two small plates: pork dumplings and the glazed chicken wings. They were both excellent. I really enjoyed the fresh lime and coarse salt that was served with the wings. It made the dish very flavorful. We also ordered the salmon and the chef's selection sashimi. The flavor and texture of the salmon was wonderful. It may have been the best salmon I've ever had. The sashimi was also good.  It was cut a little thick for my personal taste, but it was fresh and enjoyable. The atmosphere is cute (trendy and welcoming). The service was excellent! Our waitress was knowledgeable and made great wine recommendations. Two thumbs up. I'll definitely be back!!
3	I have such a hard time paying a hefty price for Asian food...I don't care how it's packaged...even if it's in a kettle hot pot. That said, however, this is a great new addition to SouthPark. Solid 3 stars and A-OK in my book.Old world Asia meets modern New South. It's well polished and upscale sporting modern decor and loud "clubby" music while the menu boasts of old Asian traditions...didn't quite feel congruent, but I guess it works. In any case, the food was very good and very pricey. If you really want to impress someone or a client, this place is surely on par. Order many rounds of small plates and 3 or 4 will make any diner happy and leave with a full Buddha belly.Valet and servers are friendly and eager to serve. Valet is in the front and regular parking is in the back or the parking garage/deck at the building next door.Like I mentioned, great new restaurant, but not one that I'll become a regular. With those prices and atmosphere, I really have to be dolled up and have money to burn.
5	I went to Baku and enjoyed everything about my experience. There were three people total in my party and we shared six dishes. We tried the salmon belly sashimi, the calamari, the forbidden roll, the softshell crab roll, the seared blue fin tuna and vegetable tempura. The salmon belly sashimi was the best! The forbidden roll also had amazing flavors and the other dishes were extremely enjoyable. I would come back here over and over again to try out the dishes!
4	Loved this place! We sat at the bar, had several different appetizers. Everything was delicious and we and had outstanding service! We will be back !! Also, great help was the gentleman that helped us select which sake to have for the evening!
3	Great food, but unfortunately we had terrible server experience.  Not impressed if I'm willing to pay that much.  Will not return.
5	Holy moly! Come hungry...and with a lot of money. Ha! It's expensive, but SO WORTH IT. Charlotte needed a cool establishment like this. Especially for an Asian aficionado like myself, I am always on a lookout for cool Asian food that is perfectly prepared and artistically presented. Think Asian tapas, and remember that they will be small portions. The server recommended that we each order 3 or 4 plates. The plates range from about 10-30. See what I mean about expensive? But one taste of the pork belly, and you'll be emptying your wallet on the table and summoning the waiter for more! Arigato!
4	Loved this place!! I will warn you it's pricey and it's super trendy right now so even with reservations be prepared to wait (even if you see a table open). However the most important factors are on point here. The food was absolutely amazing!! One small caveat to that would be the sushi. We were not thrilled by any means with it and thought it was merely ehhh okay. We tried the spicy tuna roll where the only spice was a chili powder dusting on the outside of the rice and we had the butter fish which wasn't bad but the pesto was a weird addition.  So like I said not bad just not what I will come here for. There are better sushi places just down the street. However the rest of the food was awesome. The salmon, steak, sweet potatoes, dumplings, chicken wings, etc etc all fabulous. Three of us went and did their special restaurant week menu (everything here comes out as it's ready and is meant to be shared) so we got to try a lot of stuff. Just a really awesome place that we will definitely be coming back to. Shout out to the mango toffee cake I think I'm in love!!  Also Their drinks are Delish!! Pretty sure the French Pear Martini is the best drink I've had all year!! Parking is a little bit of a disaster but they do offer free valet, or you can park behind the bank next door which is what we did, it's a very short walk!! I will definitely be back here ASAP and will update my review as I try new things.
4	Pricey but worth every penny. Our waitress was super knowledgeable and guided us well throughout our ordering. My husband and I enjoyed the whole experience and left satiated and satisfied. We were underwhelmed with the sushi roll we ordered - don't come here for amazing sushi. Come here to try out menu items you can't eat anywhere else. If it looks quirky, order it.
3	Had a really interesting experience here tonight - could have been a real disaster, but the restaurant management did exactly the right thing and it made every bit of difference.  Went out for dinner with my daughter - special occasion while she was home for the weekend.  We'd been here once before and really liked it, although it is not cheap.  Tonight, the food was terrific.  We had the pork dumplings, which we were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned - terrific.  From there we had the lobster and avocado (sushi) roll.  That was okay, but I never tasted any lobster in it.  Went on to the spicy filet mignon with the mushroom pot and rice.  This thing is a madman - spectacularly tasty and just perfect with the beef and mushrooms.  Did the pork belly skewers which were great with some kimchee and some other stuff that was all terrific.  Food was perfectly prepared, service was great!  So now the problem ...We were seated at a nice table towards the back of the restaurant.  Behind our table, however, was a booth of four guys in their 40s who were doing some serious drinking.  They were loud from the moment we got there, but as time went on, they became more and more animated.  Their language was disgusting - loaded with f-bombs shouted at the top of their lungs.  I was embarrassed for them, but the longer it went on, the angrier I got.  Long story short, we cut dinner short and let our server know that we needed to get the hell out of there.  She was extremely apologetic - knew exactly what was going on - and got us our check quickly.  The manager came over and apologized again.  He also let us know that he had taken about a third of our check off (much appreciated) and he gave us a $25 gift card for another visit.In short I think Baku handled this situation just about as well as anyone could have hoped.  We appreciated it and we'll be back.
5	Baku is a baby born in a different city. Something charlotte has needed for years. Its pricey, but depending on your selection, it doesn't have to be. The food is insanely good, with a robata grill that doesnt disappoint. 25 specialty cocktails has something for everyone...a true gem amongst a typical crowd of charlotte run of the mill/generic repeats. The interior design shows true effort across the board. A welcomed addition to the southpark area.
5	I've been here several times and with each trip it gets better.I prefer to come in during the week days because it is quieter and the upstairs doesn't have that club like feeling like it does on the weekends. They have two floors, both of which have bars and full menu. Once they played motown and oldies and I enjoyed it immensely, on the weekends it tends to be more like club music.There's small plates and large plates. You can get out the door at $30 each or you can get out the door at $80+ each, just  depends on the way you spin it. I love, love, love the sake collection they have here. They have dozens and dozens and dozens of sakes. And not just hot sake in a box. They serve most of them chilled, in a wooden box, on top of ice. It's kind of beautiful. They also have nigori sake! Nigori sake tends to be harder to find because the shelf life is short for alcohol and most nigori sake tends to be made over in Japan. It's creamy and slightly sweet. The wine list is pretty good too.Try: Yellowtail sashimi, pork belly skewers with kimchi, wagyu tataki, roasted oysters, grouper tempura, duck, and the lamb. I've had the chicken and it is a juicy bird. Hands down favorite is between the foie scallop and yellowtail sashimi. The foie scallop has duck pastrami on it...I never knew that existed. KAPOW FLAVOR PARTY IN YOUR MOUTH!!! DISCO SHIT! The yellowtail sashimi...Smokey red onion that is pickled with ponzu and white truffle oil. Mellow and toothsome. It hit the mark.They also have a gargantuan dry aged ribeye that is over 40 ounces! I have not tried it myself but I have seen it come by me and it is a show stopper. It looks like it can feed a couple people. As soon as I make compadres with some carnivorous fellows I am all over that like white on rice.
4	so amazing. seared scallops with foie gras. a5 wagyu. this giant shrimp looking thing. this mushroom rice hot pot thing.ok... so I clearly did not participate in the ordering. I just sat there and looked pretty(ish) and ate what was brought. but it was all so so so good. great lighting (helped with looking prettyish), great service, and the place was "jumping."
5	My husband and I dined here for the first time on a Thursday night.  First of all, WOW!  This place was so chic.  The ambiance took me straight to Chelsea NYC a la Hiro Ballroom.  Very cool!  The service was impeccable.We started out with the delicious white truffle artichokes, moving on to the pork belly and kimchi that was spicy and tasted like the ocean...both delicious, as well.  Next came a special of eggplant and mushroom dumplings.  They were...meh...ok, but my husband loved them, as he is a super-fan of ginger, and me, not so much.  The last course was the wagyu beef tartare that was topped with a quail egg and accompanied with cavier.  Holy crap!  I wasn't wild about the idea of eating raw beef, but my husband said there wasn't another option.  I dove in......and finished most of the dish without sharing.  I can't wait to dine here again and try some other items!
5	Baku - a great place to stop in and throughly enjoy yourself.I have had the pleasure of dining in this establishment on a few occasions, but the last visit I had in absolutely wow'ed me, to the point I need to share my opinion on here. Other reviewers make great points and tips - during the week is the best time to go - I've visited twice on Sundays and once on a Monday - being my most recent visit. We decided to sit upstairs in their more relaxing, casual lounge area - where we were promptly greeted by a very friendly and helpful bartender who was able to answer all of my questions.First Impression - the drinks. While I'd like to think I've known tons about all sorts of alcohol - their menu proved me wrong. The extensive cocktails and sake list are both breathtaking, with a variety of cocktail combos I'd never had even considered. I tried the Sakegria (Plum Wine, two sake liqueurs, and fresh cucumbers and raspberries) - WOW. This was definitely a cocktail I'd look forward to drinking all summer. Very light and refreshing, and absolutely complimented the food.Second Impression - THE FOOD. The concept is unique - but works wonderfully. Everything is served to share - and our bartender encouraged ordering in waves - which gave us the chance to read through the menu and make great decisions. We started our evening with the Tazmainian Trout Tataki - a feature on their specialities. This absolutely blew my mind - nicely sliced trout, an Alaskan King Crab mixture (which, if you've not tried King Crab, go do so right now)..served ontop of cucumber slices. An absolutely amazing way to start the meal!Following that we ordered both the Wagyu Beef Tataki and the Gokujo Tuna Roll. The WBT had a beautiful sliced truffle on top, and the tuna roll was absolutely perfect. Not too spicy, but very well flavored. Kudos.Then we got into the menu! The Pork Belly Skewers. I'm going to be the first to say - as long as these are on the menu I will be coming back on a regular basis! The edges were crisped perfectly, the center a nice texture - they were glazed just right. And the bartender explained to us how to use Kimchi (a chilled cabbage dish) to cut the pork belly. Oh Gosh. It was fantastic. The first time in I was hesitant to try the kimchi with this - and now that I did, it changed the dish entirely.We also had the recommendation to try the Dayboat Grouper Bites. For anyone who thinks once you've tried one you've tried them all for tempura - you're wrong. These were battered and served with a green tea salt - WOW. I was absolutely blown away - and even fought off my dinner partner to finish the bowl myself!To finish our dinner off - we did the Lamb Chops and Baby Artichokes. The lamb was very juicy, very tender - seasoned just right - with mild, creamy cucumbers to pair with the dish - and the artichokes - OH THE ARTICHOKES - grilled to perfection with white truffle oil. Fantastic. Overall, I'd definitely say this is a five out of five, ten out of ten establishment. While yes, some reviews say it's pricey - but what you're getting is absolutely worth it. There wasn't a single item we ordered that I didn't want to reorder (but, despite some reviews - it is very possible to leave here perfectly full). The food was phenomenal. The atmosphere was great. The service was very friendly, everyone who visited our table was extremely pleasant.  Our bartender took great care of us.This is definitely somewhere you would want to visit regularly. Sneak in one night for a Girls Night Out and then back again next week for Date Night. And even still, that's not enough visiting!
3	The food we had was great, I really enjoyed everything we ordered. But we had a few issues. We were seated by the hostess at what looked like a bar table, people at the bar kept bumping into us. The service was energetic, but too much. I may not have eaten at a Japanese Robata before but I have eaten at a restaurant before and I understand the concept of small plates and getting lighter dishes first and then moving on to heavier dishes. All of these concepts (and many more) were explained to us in great detail by our waiter, It was just too much.  He even told me I was eating one dish incorrectly.  He also told us in Japan its considered rude to use the wet cloths they bring out before the food for anything other than cleaning your hands.  Apparently, he was concerned we would take sponge baths in the dining room. So that was special. I really enjoyed the food itself but the waiter was way too much a part of our dinner, the noise was bad, drinks were slow, and we had no room.  I will go back for the food and that is the only reason I gave it 3 stars, but if we have the same waiter I will run for the door.
5	So in town for my regular visit from out west and this was the BEST MEAL I've had in months!!  I've been to a couple restaurants similar to Baku in Miami and Los Angles but Baku takes the cake for overall best concept!We started with the chicken wings and they were probably the best I've ever had and I would say, I'm somewhat of a wings expert!  They were grilled crispy to perfection, the lime juice and salt they give you to sprinkle make the dish!We had the scallops with smoked duck and they were outstanding!The sleeper was the Baku salad, which I easily could have eaten a couple extra bowls of.....For an entree I got the lamb chops and my date got the grilled chicken and both were out of this world!Overall A++++++   I  read some of the other reviews and don't understand how some people say this place is expensive unless they are Burger King customers.....  Our meal including a fabulous Sake bottle was less than $100!!  GREAT VALUE for what you get!
3	AWESOME STYLEThe food taste great but don't expect to be full. A little lound but not too bad. Simply, it's a really nice bar with small food and big prices. It would be a nice place to take a date but only if you like yelling a little in conversations.
5	WOW. We loved EVERY single dish served. Fantastic. All fresh, wonderfully seasoned.  Pork belly , dumplings, calamari, lobster rolls, edamame and good drinks. Try it!!!
5	I have now eaten at Baku three times and it is fantastic.  The downstairs is a warm inviting restaurant setting and upstairs is a little more raucous.  So if you like the loud music and more a club feel, go upstairs.  If you prefer a quieter experience, stay downstairs.As for the food, the menu is very big.  It was a little intimidating the first time and I spent too much time worrying  over what to order.  My advice is each person pick 3 or 4 things and then sit back and relax.  Things will come out as they are ready so delicious surprises show up at your table at a steady pace.  And trust the pairings your chef makes!  One of my favorites was the scallops with foie gras that came with some pickled plum.  Who knew but just a little of that plum with it made it perfect!  Try and be a little adventurous and let your servers help you with suggestions.  They have been spot on.You can ring up a big tab here.  There are definitely some really pricey items.  But there are also plenty of reasonably priced things as well.  I have no complaints about the wait staff.  They have been courteous, helpful and knowledgeable every time.
5	I have been here 2 times and it is fantastic!!  Have not had a bad tasting item yet.  Start off with edamame and sweet chilli sauce....delicious!!  Remember the portions are smaller and great to share several with friends to make a meal.  Coconut sake....The best!!
1	This was my initial visit to this place and I found it wanting.   If you don't drink like my wife and I there is really not much on the menu for you.  When we went there was a total of 4 pages of food on them menu this was a whole book.   The food left us looking for something to balance out the salt and our water was not doing much.   The plates of food were small and the food to price value is low.  The food was fair to good at best.  I have had better for the price.
3	Liked the decor and the server was extremely knowledgable . The drinks were on the weak side but I'm sure it was just a measured pour. We enjoyed the food we had the giant Madagascar prawn, the pork belly skewers, 2 different sushi rolls one was a blue fin tuna ,the other was crab and we started with the roasted oysters .The oysters were my favorite item, exceptional flavor and had me looking forward to what was next , all the food was prepared and presented exceptionally well but other than the oysters i wasnts "wowed" by any of the flavors.  We understood the portions were small as the menu is all Tapas style..( don't go looking for a large portion meal)  The mango cake and the chocolate lava cake were our  deserts they were also very good, the mango cake was a little dry. We like to eat at a lot of high end restaurants and expect to pay for it but I thought Baku was a little over priced for what it was.  It is a great place to meet for a cocktail then a couple of apps before dinner elsewhere ... Didn't hate it and had a great evening but not overly impressed.
3	We finally ate here. We had a reservation and it was a beautiful night, so walking in as I realized they have a patio, I hoped to sit there. We were told there was a wait and my husband was hungry so we got seated inside immediately. I was told wine pours were small, so we both opted for a cocktail. My husband got a gin & cucumber concoction which he thought was kind of like lemonade. I got a wild tea vodka & cucumber drink. It was a little sweeter than I prefer but glad I tried it!Now to the menu . . . our waitress, Morgan, was very thorough in explaining the style of the restaurant. She suggested an item from each page, but that seemed like a lot. But I guess in the end we probably ordered that much! We started with the calamari which was delicious! Lightly crispy and delicate! We decided on two sushi rolls. Spicy tuna - yum! - and Forbidden Rice roll which had white asparagus. It was unique and tasty! For our next round, I asked about the baby artichoke skewers which Morgan highly recommended, as well as the rice bowls. My husband wasn't up for either, so we focused on entrees. We ordered Grilled Branzini b/c we'd never had it. It was 2 small slices of grilled fish (not much flavor!!) and a tomato salad. Very small portion and disappointing flavor for $24!! Since our waitress asked about it, my husband told her it was just ok and didn't have a lot of flavor. When she brought the bill, she informed us she took the Branzini off the tab! We greatly appreciated that!All in all, it was good but not a great experience and not worth the $65 (total without the entree). I'd go back but not anytime soon.
5	On the surface I was expecting just expensive sushi but Baku brought is so much more. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Creative and flavorful menu. As soon as my wallet recovers, which I don't begrudge them I will be back in a heartbeat. Expensive is fine if they can deliver and Baku did in every way.
4	I have heard several compliments about Baku so I was happy to finally make it out.  I love the different concept of Baku as I have never experienced a Japanese Kobata grill before.  That night, I ordered the soft shell crab special, which is in season and was flown in that day.  It was my favorite dish of the night.  For a sushi sample, I tried the mushroom roll with the truffle oil.  It was ok.  I originally wanted to Forbidden roll and should have gone with that. I also ordered the grilled tofu skewers and a side dish of kimchee.  Both were excellent and could make a meal on their own.After all that I ate, I did not have room for dessert, but I saw the wonderful dessert platters on ice coming out of the kitchen and wish I had room to try one.
4	This place is pretty unique. Everything tastes good and the service is good as well. But they will make your pocket hurt. It's way too pricey for the amount of food they bring. Maybe I will come back someday, but I will check other places before.
2	Food was good but EXTREMELY small portions. Way too $$ for food. Paid $17 for 2, yes 2 scallops. No sides.  Glad we tried in once. Many other fancy places in Southpark that feed us more!
5	Okay so I know I reviewed this place before and raved about the food, service, etc. But we went back for our anniversary last weekend. Let me say that Baku is probably one of my favorite expensive night out places (and to be honest we thought it was going to be more expensive than it was). Service was phenomenal!! The hostesses wished us a happy anniversary, our waiter was awesome and surprisingly the same one we had on our first visit, and the management was so thoughtful in giving us a dessert platter on the house for our anniversary. Seriously they were truly amazing and made our evening :)The food well, we had a combination of things we had tried before and things we didn't try before. The pork belly was to die for!! Seriously I'll never skip that one again lol. Also another new dish we tried was the Hamachi rice crispie treat which was also delicious!! We ordered probably around 8 dishes to share and we were beyond stuffed (needed a doggy bag). However obviously we didn't pass on dessert!! The cocktails were just as amazing as we remembered... the pear one and the oriental apple are my two favs!! I know a lot of people complain about price versus portions and I can see where they are coming from however we find it completely worth it!! The quality speaks for itself.Only ehhh item we got was the sweet corn. It was on the cob mini style and it came out cold and had too much oil. It wasn't bad  but we wouldn't order it again.
5	It took me three years but I finally found it, a spot that serves good, GREAT, sushi in Charlotte. It's Baku. The sashimi and sea urchin melts in your mouth. Yes, melts in your mouth.
3	Melange of colors,Thing of beauty and tastes good,Just get the sorbet.Place is overhyped,Pay too much for what you get,Baku, not Haiku?
4	Maybe a little pricey, but worth it for an occasional indulgence. If you want sushi, but something a little nicer than your standard sushi restaurant fare this is the place to go.The decor is unique and the staff is very attentive. We started off with edamame and roasted oysters. I usually don't like cooked oysters, but these were to die for. For a second course we had the torro and a mushroom roll - nice and earthy. We finished with some roasted corn and black cod.
5	This place is amazing! Great service, atmosphere,  and crafted cocktails!  The food is awesome with intricate and full flavors. Lots of vegetarian and vegan options that are not just a last minute effort to please vegans. Pricey, but worth every penny!
5	This place is off the hook good. Probably the best asian place in town. The food is more meat based opposed to sushi based and everything I have ordered from here (normally 6-9 small plates each time) is really good.It isnt cheap, but it is worth it. We go maybe once a month, but would go more if we could.
2	I can't get behind Baku.  It's not the portion size or the price but rather the quality and the taste quotient.  I'm a serious sushi guy and this places misses the mark.  I found the sashimi was either too cold or certainly not melt-in-the-mouth fresh.  The assortment was so plain I could have found more eclecticism in a grocery store and the slices were strangely extremely thick cuts, not at all expertly done.  Served on a giant block of ice this was boorish sushi 101.  They claimed to have fresh wasabi, but apparently don't know what this means as it was the powdery fake stuff.  I even asked the server and they thought it was fresh.  I didn't bemoan it in person because I didn't want to be *that guy* but the servers should at least be educated on the cuisine.The Baku salad is the best thing to order here as the greens are fresh and the dressing light and sweet. The edamame was disappointing and had a freeze-dried texture to it--eew!As I'm a glutton for punishment I tried the miso-glazed black cod.  Even though I had pointed out to my server that I wanted to do a healthy meal, he didn't mention their miso cod is basically butter cod!!I almost forgot the kumamoto oysters which were one step away from being off and garishly presented with giant watermelon bubbles which looked like some sort of sick growth.
5	As good as it gets for Japanese in Charlotte! Went here on a whim with a friend and it didn't disappoint. The rolls were very well made and the presentation was excellent. The Alaskan crab roll was one of my favorites. The food is mostly tapas style meant to share... and most of the small plate portions are a little small. Everything grilled is cooked on a Japanese grill with coals imported from Japan which gives it a very unique flavor. Their black cod was excellent... I'm gonna say it reminded me of Nobu's... though the execution was a little off. All their beef is prime, we also had the Waygu NY strip and it was delicious. Cocktails were ok, nothing out of this world and the service was decent. Overall I think they did a good job, albeit the NY city prices... this is a place good for an expense account.
4	My friend and I selected this for her farewell dinner from Charlotte. This is a terrific addition to the South Park culinary scene - the ambiance and decor are warm and welcoming. We ordered the forbidden and spicy gokujo rolls (I preferred the spicy rolls) which were both good. The tofu skewer was crisp and excellent with the chili sauce that accompanied it. The kimchi bowl was a real treat, which I wasn't expecting from a Japanese restaurant. The sorbet dessert was ok. Timing of the food delivery was perfect, and the host was very attentive. Glad I came here (even though it was a hit to the wallet) and would recommend it for a nice evening out with friends.
5	Great food, the selection is truly great, you can get in and out for a reasonable price or you can go all out and splurge. We had the pork belly, sushi, and giant prawn.  All very well done.Incredible cocktails and the best saki selection I've ever seen.  I'll definitely do it again.
3	We went for restaurant week and still walked out with a bill over $100. The waiter we had was great. He gave lots of good information and was attentive. The food was just okay. It lacked flavor for the most part and we thought it was overpriced for what you get. Also, for the sushi rolls...if you are going to charge $20 for a roll then you should be using the correct rice. Lastly, the hostesses were not very welcoming. When we walked in there were 3 hovered around the hostess stand chatting. We had to get their attention so we could be seated. There were no smiles are how are you doing tonight. The hostesses are a restaurants first impression and the last. Make sure they are friendly so patrons return. Unfortunately we probably won't be back.
5	I decided to write a review since they seem to be so mixed on here- and I almost didn't want to come thinking I would be disappointed. We started out at the upstairs bar with a couple Nigori Blue Martinis- Belvedere unfiltered vodka dirty martinis, so good we never even switched to wine during the meal, we just kept these comin'. Only $11- good deal. We sat downstairs at a booth, our server was awesome, all the staff seemed very polite. Now- the food. We ordered a variety and shared everything. Favorite thing hands down was the tuna tartare with what I think were taro root chips- this stuff was heaven in your mouth. Other plates that really stood out were the salmon belly nigiri, rock shrimp tempura, and the yellowtail roll with serrano peppers, cucumber and avocado. Crispy calmari with serrano peppers was good too. We also tried the wagyu beef tataki, gokujo tuna roll, lobster & avocado roll, and of course we had to get the giant Madagascar prawn. Everything was delicious!! All of the presentation was beautiful and the plates rolled out a few at a time so we had a chance to really enjoy them. Decor is really cool, great vibe and relaxing & inviting atmosphere. Extensive sake list, will have to explore more next time. It was a great dining experience- I can't wait to try their brunch. Will definitely be back again!
1	RESTAURANT WEEK RIP OFF:Poor service for our party of 6. Two people served salad then we waited, then one person got calamari, then we waited, then one person got sushi, and then we waited then another person got sushi and the sixth person got nothing...after a while waiter went down to kitchen to bring another salad. THEN, repeat style of service all 6 entrees brought at different time and waiter told us we were supposed to share!?  At the same time we had poor service, there were 7 loud very drunk men making so much noise you could not have any conversation at all. They were adults pouring sake into wine glasses, into beer and making impossible to hear anything. Waiter said he told management, but nothing changed. They finished their meal and continued to bar to drink and shout at the top of their voices. Oh and the portion size...miniscule. Does this restaurant think it will last in Charlotte!  We may be  very polite, but we do not take rip off's very well.  If you have a reservation here for restaurant week, Cancel it!
4	My two friends joined me for Restaurant Week here on a Tuesday night. We sat upstairs across the room from a table of 8 men and it was very loud! We ordered the lobster/avocado roll and a dirty martini which were both excellent. As for the three course meal, I chose the spicy blue fin tuna rolls, the tempura prawns and veggies and the mango pineapple cake for dessert. I would get something other than the tempura if I had to do it again only because the veggies were a little greasy. The salmon course looked really good as an alternative. Overall, the experience was a good one. Not sure if I'd want to go back on a weekend night just knowing how loud it gets in there, but I will be back.
4	My husband and I came here last night for a 8:15 reservation for Charlotte Restaurant Week.Just to start off, I would give the food 5 stars, atmosphere 3 stars, and service 5 stars. We were seated immediately upstairs (right beside a group of stupid loud drunk business men. I mean holy bejesus, i dont know what these guys were drinking but I want one of those!....my husband actually moved around and sat beside me on the couch so I could hear him. This actually worked out better cause we enjoyed our meal chatting and sitting right next to each other cuddling on a comfy couch. I recommend it!) and the waiter came over to do a walk through of the menu and "how they do things". This place is true tapas style through and through and I think to enjoy the experience, you have to know that coming in. They bring dishes out as they are ready and it's more of a food experience then meal. (Aka, great for a date like us but probably not the easist for a a group of people trying to just grab dinner). The one thing that irked me some was that he asked if we wanted sparkling or bottled water. Luckily my husband caught of an just requested tap so we werent charged a crap ton for agua. I mean, come on, tap is literally the same thing as bottled and I didnt like that the waiter was kinda deceiving people by only offering those two options. Anyways, I digress. We ordered a bottle of J Lohr Petit Sirah, which was absolutely amazing! We have actually been to that winery in California and can attest that the bottle price was marked up a fair bit though. Oh well, what can you do about it. We decided to do the Restaurant Week menu and got the following things (they came out in this order):-Spicy tuna sushi- This roll was so simple but it was really really good. I felt like they used quality sushi in it. It came with 8 pieces, so perfect to split.-Pork Belly with Kimchi- The pork belly came out on two skewers (3 pieces on each). Once again, great for splitting for two. You really could taste the grilled flavor on it and the kimchi was a perfect additive. Second best pork belly I have had in Charlotte! (Soul will alway be numero uno)-Flank Steak- This was the highlight of the night! The steak was cooked perfectly and the dipping sauce with it was amazing. It also came with two sweet potato pieces.....tasted just like sweet potato casserole! Yum. The portion was pretty well sized I thought for tapas-Salmon- The salmon was good but I think we would have enjoyed it more if it came out before the steak cause I think we were in steak heaven at this point-Orange Creme Brule- My favorite dessert; I just love the caramelized sugar on top! Never had orange before but it actually was super subtle and good-Pineapple tart cake with sorbet- My husband's favorite dessert; It had grilled pineapple on top with a super tasty sorbetThe service was spot on through out and the waiter was very knowledgable about our wine and what would pair with it. All in all, we will definitely be back but probably only for a special occasion, as the prices were pretty high in comparison to other tapas style places in Charlotte.
2	Service was excellent and so is the ambiance, but the food was just meh.
5	Went with work colleagues and was pleasantly surprised with ambiance matching the food quality. Service was impeccable as were the Lychee Martinis!!  Highly recommend and will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Simply amazing - great option if you are looking for inventive, interesting Japanese options.We went there on a random weeknight after doing some shopping. Located in an older building across from the South Park mall, the overall impression inside is intimate and sophisticated. Great for a date night or going out with friends after work.We order a cross section of small plates, including sushi as well as their specialty, grilled meats. Everything was spectacular, from the delicately assembled sushi (including an incredible butterfish with a citrus glaze) to the high-heat grilled items, in particular the scallops and the beef tenderloin. On a related note, if you are a chicken liver fan, you must get their skewered livers, probably the best I've ever had! The ingredients are all top-notch and the subtle flavor combinations are genuinely unique. Service was very good - intelligent, well-timed and not pushy.This place belongs on your top-5 Charlotte list!
5	Joined Baku for dinner last night and was super impressed with the food, ambiance and service. The setting was elegant and intimate, perfect for the aura we were trying to achieve. We started off with the J. Lohr sauvignon blanc and a good bit of small plates - oysters, blue fin toro nigiri, tiger prawns and shishito peppers. They were all amazing! BUT the shishito peppers stole my heart, urging me to order another plate along with the butterfish, salmon belly, wagyu tataki and chicken liver with shishito peppers. It was all amazing, except for the chicken liver, which after venturing out to try for the first time, I decided just aren't for me! I couldn't get over how elegant and fresh everything tasted. It literally all melted in my mouth! We ordered the molten lava and mango salted caramel cakes for dessert. My molten lava cake could have been more "molten-y" but it was still a nice end to  dinner with my prosecco.Our server was remarkable and had I not been drooling over my food, I would remember to have snagged his name for the review! His assistants and everyone else who encountered us, minus just a tiny 'tude from the hostess (it was late, I get it) were friendly and compensating. I give Baku 5 stars - definitely am excited to go back!
4	Lovely new little spot! Went here for restaurant week and it was refreshing to know they didn't over book.  Downstairs and upstairs seating, bar on both levels. Our party was upstairs and I was able to get a small drink prior,  House sangria. It was average. They said they added Sprite normally to the drink,  which to wasn't the best idea. Food overall was really good. Small plates, but all 3 courses were delicious.  For apps,  I had Pork Belly, main course, steak with Wasabi sauce, and dessert, Creme Brule.  Each course was better than the last and surprisingly filling. A bonus to me is that it's smack dab in the center of 2 bank locations in Southpark. So weekend dining, you always have a parking spot. Not really much congestion. Only con, I could give is that I wish there were bigger plates with more food!
3	The theme of this place is cool, the restaurant is kind of sexy, the service is excellent, and the presentation of the food is unique and fun. The food itself though is pretty standard, so it feels bad to have to pay so much for it. This is a one time place for me, I don't regret it, I enjoyed it but I can similar quality food elsewhere for cheaper. Boom.
5	I am literally at the table writing this right now it is so good. A must go-to place!
4	Delicious food, great wait staff, and a creative drink list merit the 4 star rating. While the menu is steep in terms of price it is definitely worth it. Tuna tartare was delicious, but the hand roll we ordered was what kept this from being a 5 star spot. Will definitely return but tactfully avoid any hand rolls.
5	Hold the phone..  We had the scallops with foie gras, pork belly skewers, salmon belly nigiri, California roll with Alaskan king crab, Madagascar prawn, and the Kobe A5 tenderloin.  Yes, they have true Kobe A5 $50 for 4 ounces... very reasonable price per ounce!   Every plate they brought out was awesome.  Service was awesome.  Atmosphere is awesome.  This is a great 'date night' restaurant with certified good food.  Rating this restaurant anything less than perfect or complaining about the prices should get you banned from yelp.
3	Stopped in for a round of cocktails and some dessert.  They were pretty busy so service seemed a little confused and slow.  Drinks were fine and the desserts were pretty good.  Our server even gave us an extra dessert because he felt that things were taking a while.  Thought it was a nice gesture.  Overall, 3 stars for our brief visit with them.  Nothing impressed me, but I had no real concerns either.
4	This was the best dinner had in Charlotte during our first long weekend there.Absolutely delicious. Service so kind and professional, all dishes SO good and presented so well.Location is cool, when you get in you can smell the cedar wood, which I love, makes me think about mountain hotels.We tasted several dishes, from Uni sashimi to miso black cod glazed pork belly... (see pictures!) I look forward to go back.PS. dishes are not too big in general, so I suggest to order a few and taste (tapas style) but no more than 2 poeple for each dish or there will not be enough :)
5	I had dinner here and it was amazing! I wish I could eat here every day! The inside is decorated very nicely and is very clean. The food has so much flavor, and the service is great! I recommend this restaurant to everyone!
3	I've gone there twice in the last 2 months. First, let me say that the food you get is masterfully prepared by the chef. The flavors and options are generally top notch. Presentation is huge, here, and I think that is a lot of what you pay for. Our experience was marred by two unfortunate happenings: 1)  I got shot down 4 times when asking for drinks. Notably, on 2 different sakes that were on the menu or on display at the bar. This isn't a big huge deal, as I understand that they want to craft an experience... but I'm used to "point and get" at a restaurant.2) There is a serious problem with their oyster supply system. Each time i have gone I've been served inedible oysters. The first time I ate four and one was horrifying, the second time I ate three and I had to spit out one, and another I swallowed but was not acceptable.Also, the water tasted like crap (which I wonder about whether this is related to some of the other small problems). All in all, it's outstanding food preparation that is crippled by fundamentals. There is a lot of potential in this restaurant if they can fix some of this stuff.
5	Best dinner spot in Charlotte... By a long run.Small plates are fun and allow you to order a little of everything.  I did not have one dish I didn't like.  The only reason we stopped ordering was because we were full.
3	I went to Baku with a local Charlotte friend who knew I was a foodie and thought I would appreciate this Japanese inspired restaurant.  Upon reaching the front door it was opened for us by a waitress who welcomed us with a smile.  We were seated in the main dining area (there is a lounge-y space upstairs).  It was a Tuesday night around 8:30 pm and the space was surprisingly full.  Subdued in its decorations, perfectly lighted so that you could clearly see what you ordered, the restaurant could easily exist in New York City or any other major metropolitan area.Service was impeccable - our main waitress was attentive and genuinely enthusiastic.  A bevy of support folks attended our table as well.  It was evident that the owners were rigorous in their expectations for the front of the house and that staff were willing to execute in order to make those expectations happen.My friend and I decided on a small plates for our meal.  I must say that I was somewhat put off by the voluminous menu; it had to have been 10 pages (including 3 pages of sake and other drinks) as well as 2 additional separate menus of "specials."  So there were 3 menus in all!  I  felt like I needed to have studied and prepared prior to arrival.  It was a little overwhelming.  In the end, I questioned our waitress for recommendations which she was more than happy to do.Along with cold sake (1/2 price bottles that evening YAY!), we had 8 small plates; each presented with a rigorous attention to detail.  You could tell these were chef conceived items and that he ran a tight ship.  From the sake bottle resting in an ice filled wooden box onward, every element of the food and its presentation is the vision of the chef.We had first a plate of homemade kimchi, the cabbage tart and vinegary.  It was followed by a Hamachi dish - two thinly sliced pieces of delectably fresh fish atop a pickled mound of crunchy veg.  I would have liked a larger piece of fish as it was dwarfed by the pickled mound and kind of lost.  Charred baby octopus followed, plated in a long white ceramic runway.  Tasty and delicious, it offered a wonderful bite.  A tuna tartare was next, to be scooped up with homemade taro chips.  The chips were an unexpected item, a nice touch - the tartare; weak of seasoning fell flat as merely mushy.  We then had tempura shrimp.  When it came out, I was at first disappointed by the size of the shrimp - smallish and popcorn - like.  But after popping one in my mouth, I was amazed at how they remained so succulent and juicy after being deep-fried.  But they were.  And the tempura batter, thin and crisp, did not overpower.  A really delicious dish.  Next came pork belly with sous vide egg.  The pork belly was prepared nicely, fatty and flavorful.  I was very disappointed in the egg though as it was cold.  I told my waitress to let the chef know as I was sure he did not intend the warmth of the fatty delicious pork belly to be paired and eaten with a refrigerator-cold egg yolk.  I looked at my friend and said just you wait - a chef this meticulous would send us another so that we could enjoy as he intended.  He didn't - oh well.  Last we had scallops with foie gras.   It contained two big meaty succulent sea scallops adorned with slivers of foie gras, some sea salt and pickled plum on the side.  This was a winner; a choreographed ending to the savory portion of the meal.Lastly, but not least - I had to have a dessert.  I ordered the chocolate ganache  cake with homemade coconut ice cream.  Need I say more?  A brilliant pairing - the cake's center was warm and gooey and the ice cream cold and coconutty - combined the two were unified into a wonderful yummy finale to the meal.
5	This is a fabulous restaurant in several ways: Food, taste and presentation are impeccable-- Atmosphere, fun, inventive and inviting-- Service, warm but professional. 6 of us ate here last night and did all 'tapas style' dishes. Every dish was truly exceptional, imaginative and absolutely delicious! We look forward to returning!
3	Atmosphere was lovely and food was delicious, but be sure to bring your wallet!
1	Ordered the tiger prawn last night to accompany a salad & wine BUT I was brought shrimp tempura instead; without any questions or explanation of the substitution. Not sure if they thought I wouldn't notice, but I definitely do know the difference between a PRAWN and a factory farmed SHRIMP. lol
4	Yum!  Date night heaven.  My husband and I came here a couple weeks back and it was delicious!  We ordered several dishes, mostly from the special menu but everything was tasty.  The sushi was super fresh but in my opinion over priced. The dumpling were tasty!  The sake was really good but overpriced.  The mark up was too much for what I know wasn't an expensive bottle.  The butterfish was very tasty as well and I would order it again.  Everything was pretty good but overpriced to me... Coming from New York I think that says something.  I don't want to take away from the food because it was good but not super special to explain the prices.  Perhaps we were paying for the atmosphere which was very nice.  Our server was nice but didn't offer any suggestions which wasn't super helpful but that was okay because everything was tasty.  We will come again when we want to spend a lot on some decent sushi
3	We made reservations an hour before we arrived on a Saturday night and had to wait a few minutes for our table, which was fine because we was able to check out other parts of the restaurant. Giving this restaurant 3.5 stars because of the pricing in comparison to portion size.The food here was delicious and the atmosphere was lively. Our service started out a bit slow, but it gradually got better after we had ordered our small plates. The items came out as they were done, which was perfect because we were able to enjoy and savor each dish separately.  As a caution, this restaurant is very pricy so if you come here be ready for a big bill. We had 4 cocktails and shared 7 small plates/sushi rolls and our total came to $260. Also, the valet is complimentary too.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte:Tiger shrimpBlue fin toro tartareSpicy hamachi rice crispy treatBig hourany rollSalmon belly nigiri
