1	Nothing but totally painful experiences. First time I went, I just wanted to get antibiotics for an infected tooth.already in excruciating pain, they decided to take it upon themselves without asking me, to do this torturous evaluation of my whole mouth to check my bone density by sticking needles under my gums over and under every tooth. I'm already in pain from my infection and just wanted to get out of there to get my antibiotics. It turned into an hour and a  half ordeal. I left with my infection pulsating more, gums sore and bleeding everywhere, which caused me to get  canker sores in a bout 2 places because of all the needle damage. Then, stupid me, yesterday I went  back to get a root canal. I was desperate.  They gave me this whole shpeel about how they "Don't mess around with pain, and not to worry cuz they will totally numb me so I wont feel a thing." It was the worst root canal experience of my life!!! My infection had come back, which wasn't their fault, and  because of that, the Novocaine didn't work, and I had to have about 3 time more injections to stop the pain. These people knew I had a possibility of infection, and didnt warn me that the Novocaine might not be as effective and it would be a lot more painful. They decided to tell me after they started the procedure once I was almost in tears telling them that the Novocaine wasn't working.  That wasn't  the worst part.  I was sitting there for about 3 hours, and once I get home, my tooth already starts throbbing even though my whole face is still completely numb. By the time it wore off, like 7 hours later, I realize the temporary crown is HUGE, and EXTREMELY ROUGH!! My tongue was completely raw already (and I am just expecting more canker sores from that), but I had to file the tooth down myself with a 3 way nail buffer just to get it smooth enough so it wouldn't serrate my tongue any further. I've  never had a worse job done and been in such extreme pain. I went to mexico years ago to get a root canal AND a bridge, and It was 100 times better of an experience than what I went through yesterday. I know root canals aren't painless, but this by far was done with extreme carelessness and sloppiness. I do not recommend this place at all. Once I get my crown, which I'm terrified of, I'm never going back.
1	I would NEVER refer anyone to this establishment! They have the poorest run business I have seen in years. My son has been receiving orthodontic care there the last year, they keep sending me bills and collection threats, but I'm all paid in full. When I call the dispute it I'm told it was an error in their system and I won't be getting another notice but then I end up getting another notice. I've even spoken the manger about the issue and they just can't seem to get it together over there. Today my son goes in for a regular adjustment and my daughter had to take him since I had to work. They get there and she is told that they will not do his adjustment unless we make a payment to the appointment was only a waist of our time and gas. Poor poor business! I don't know what to do. I don't want to go back.
1	On more than one occasion my appt was cancelled without my consent, once getting there to find the office closed....customer service is no good, later finding out I was charge $50 for a cancellation fee! Need I not say I no longer do business with this company.... Their customer service stinks
1	If I can do no stars I would!!! The customer service has gone down hill, I am talking about the reception area and office-related      stuffs. We have been going here since 2009 and the waiting time has gone worst and worst, several times they messed up appointments and so many times they could not get their billings straight. I am taking our business somewhere else as soon as my son is done with his braces!!
1	My son lives out there in Surprise and has even a patient of Bright Now since 2010. He has decided to stop going there because of the wait time exceeding past an hour of his appointment time. This has been something that we as a family of 6 children and 2 adults have encountered since going there and putting 4 in braces. I am very disappointed to know that he is not going to continue his dental care there any longer. We are in the high desert of California and are still using them. They are pretty fast here except when it comes to the ortho appointments. I think they overbook.
1	BRIGHT NOW DENTAL is the Banfield of dentists. I went in for a cleaning and check up. I spent my entire time getting x-rays and arguing about why I refuse to get braces (at age 29. ) They push unnecessary procedures and refuse to give you basic care unless you agree to their extremism. I do need a crown replacement, but I don't need all of the cosmetic "necessities" they shoved down my throat. ALSO they claimed I have precursors to gingivitis... Thus they wanted to charge me for a special expensive cleaning... I brush floss and use mouth wash, gingivitis is not happening on my teeth. I will be going elsewhere. And taking everyone I know with me.
1	No stars if it would let me. Negative stars! After almost 3 years at this place I can't think of a single nice thing to say! Here we sit Friday evening...30 min in and still not taken back. This place has extreme poor customer service, no scheduling availability, no consistency. They also bring on temporary dental/orthos who  individually do not accept the same insurance that Brite now dental takes...therefore resulting in a full bill in the mail because ' we had a dentist fill in from another office...he doesn't take the same insurances we do'. As we sit here they are calling patients to cancel tomorrow's Saturday appts...' We overbooked...not enough chairs'. We have to abide by 24hr cancels...why don't you? 'Those braces are coming off in 2weeks...make that early morning appt its an all day event' 'no....not time yet...sorry'. This occurred several times and one ortho blames the other for misinformation... All the while parents and guardians are missing work. This place is a joke. Customer service is very important to me and being trapped at such a degrading place is bothersome. Save your money and lessen your gray hairs... Do not trust your smile to Brite now dental!
1	No stars if allowed! Worst experience ever...for the past 2.5 yrs. Customer service is awful....wait times are always 30min or more after scheduled appt time. As you sit in the waiting room you hear them calling people to cancel next day appts...'not enough chairs we overbooked'. They can cancel less than 24hrs but patients cannot without being penalized. No consistency. I once received a random bill and when calling to check on it I was told 'in the summer we have orthodontists filling in from other offices. This fill in we had does not take your insurance. We- bright now dental do take it...but he does not'. Appt days/times suck and clearly revolve around the orthos busy personal life. I have given this place so many chances...so many deep breaths before walking in the door and they still fail. Lots of chaos & people arguing with staff. One ortho says ' braces off in 2 weeks make that early morning appt!' You get there and its a different ortho who says ' who told you that? I'm sorry...you have a few months left'. This inconsistency has happened 3 times now. Which resulted in 3 times needing time off work. I'm all about customer service and this place is a 3 ring circus. Biggest scam I ever got contracted into. :(
1	Frustrating to find out that the orthodontic work that we spent a lot of money at Bright Now is not only a horrible mess of a job but it can't be fixed or my son will be at risk of permanently losing a couple teeth. DO NOT GO TO BRIGHT NOW unless you're red neck and are ok with jacked up teeth.
