5	I had 2 hours before an interview and not a damn thing to wear. TK helped me put together and awesome outfit. I love that she took the time to help me out. Even better? Her store has every size for every body type, not just 2's and 4's. The prices are super reasonable and I love almost everything in the store.
4	I really like this resale shop. You can find very expensive-new to almost new designer wear at very reasonable prices. I got the most amazing Dior red heels-looked like they were worn no more than once or twice for 90.00 dollars. ( The owner gave me 10% off and I had some store credit so they were only 60.00!)The nice thing is they also have brands like Banana Republic so they aren't pretentious.
5	Ever heard of Chanel, Louis Vuitton, or St. John? Well you can find those brands here! These adorable shops are like a dream come true! I receive compliments all the time when I wear one of a kind, hard to find designer clothing from PLRG! They support local artists by selling their jewelry, purses, etc and are the best when you want to re-sell your designer clothing.  The owners are super friendly and I prefer to shop here over anywhere in the city! Stop in-you are in for a treat!
4	I heard the call of fall and it said, get new clothes! Love that.  So, because I like a big wardrobe but like it to be easy on the wallet, I'm a resale, consignment type of gal. But I'm not a fan of the anything, no matter what condition, brand or style type of shop.  Enough with frebreezing the clothes and selling anything, I'm not buying Kohls, Target or Walmart clothes used. Nope, I'm looking for quality. PLRG has quality. A very sweet, girly store, with some great looking manequins displalyed in the big glass windows. There is quite a bit to browse.. Think Anne Klein, Banana Republic, Anne Taylor. a little purple Ralph Lauren and a teeny bit of Escada, and I'm thrilled. I visited on a Sunday - love weekend shopping- and found some great Classiques entrier tweed trousers. Perfect condition and waiting for me for pennies. The one complaint I had was the lighting in the dressing rooms, not enough overhead lighting and didn't see any mirrors to view yourself outside of the dressing rooms, I'll need to investigate further.  I picked thes classic trouser up for $22 - score - and will be looking smarter and chicer than ever this fall  Thanks PLRG. I'll be back.
5	This is one of my favorite places to consign and shop!  They are very selective about what they take... I have brought in high end items, that I feel like are in good shape and they have not taken them.  Sucked for me... but I have to respect their ability to turn away because it shows in their boutique.  I almost ALWAYS find something I want in this store!  Items are always in good, clean condition and fabulously priced.  I have bought shoes, a great vintage shift dress, amongst other things.  if you sign up for e-mails they will send you promo codes so you save even more $$$.     Often times, I will get e-mails from PLRG about co-sponsored charity events they do.  If you shop a certain day, you get a discount and they donate a portion of the proceeds to "XYZ" charity.  I always respect a local business that gives back to the community.  I will be supporting this boutique as long as its around!
5	I absolutely love going into Poor Little Rich Girl. The staff are incredibly friendly and they are all so helpful. A nice feature they have is to search for things in the store for you, so you don't have to do it! I don't know of one other resale store that will do that! It's incredible. They also have some of the best hand-crafted, locally made jewelry I've seen. I've recently bought severeal necklaces, earrings and gifts from them. It's such a great little shop. I tell all my friends to buy and consign there because you won't find nicer or friendlier people anywhere else.
4	Although this place has NOTHING for men, guys with a girlfriend with expensive taste....this is your savior. My GF has been looking for Jeffery Campbell shoes at a great price...which is pretty difficult to find. I stopped at Last Chance down the street, nothing...other consignment stores in the area, nothing. so when I walked in and found 2 jeffery campbell shoes (one very cool looking lace-up style, and another oxford style shoe) each for $27 I was sooo happy. Just in time for her birthday too!great finds, great prices, worth a visit.
4	I found the shop through a Yelp! email on consignment stores. I love a good deal, but tend to stay away from consignment shops because most of the time you find a bunch of junk and one good find if any. After liking PLRG on Facebook and seeing their daily posts of their mannequin's featured outfits and just in items (like Tiffany & Co ring or Coach handbag) I finally ventured in to their Uptown Location. The shop was cute and clean and well stocked with locally made jewelry and fashionista finds. The lady behind the counter was not super friendly, but my experience was good enough to make me check out their Arcadia Location today. Both stores have great merchandise, but I did find more things to buy at the arcadia location and the staff was friendlier and offered opinions and could even tell me how nice the lady was who donated some of the items bought. I'll come back for sure, but if I could only come to one? I'd probably go Arcadia!
5	I LOVE Poor Little Rich Girl!  The staff is super friendly and they have a wonderful (and always different!) selection of clothes, jeans, shoes, bags & sunglasses, with plenty of deals on luxury goods to be found (a pair of Louboutins for around $130.00, Coach purse for $42.00, Chanel sunglasses for $98.00).They'll give you 40% of the sales price in credit for consignment items, or 30% in cash.  Definitely 'friend' them on Facebook - they're always posting their latest treasures, which guarantees you'll be able to jump on an item as soon as it arrives!
5	Love it! Clothes are so cute... nice selection of unique handmade jewelry (all local). Love supporting this local shop!
5	Excellent customer service, great pricing, locally owned by a woman of grace and fabulous finds. Love how they support local charities, and give local artist a venue to showcase their talents.
5	I LOVE this store! PLRG has an amazing jean selection! It is decorated well and does not smell like a traditional consignment store! If you do not find what you like at one store, you can cruise to their other store a few miles away! The FaceBook page is amazing as well and updated daily with new clothes, shoes, purses and jewelry. I make the trip to both stores and add Last Chance as a stop in between for a successful shopping day :)
4	PLRG has two locations in the Valley; this is the location they refer to as "Arcadia." PLRG is a cool locally owned upscale consignment shop. As with most stores that re-sell other people's stuff, it's hit or miss; however, with PLRG I almost *always* find something. They do a much better job at organizing the goods -- jeans are on their own rack, organized by size; same with skirts; same with dresses. Tops are along the wall arranged first by size, then by color. There is a section in the back for formal dresses, another section for casual dresses, and they also have dressing rooms. There are also high(er)-end ladies' bags on consignment here: Coach, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Michael Kors, etc. PLRG also has jewelry -- some consignment and some made by local artists. PLRG does a great job of keeping in touch with their customers -- you are really missing out if you don't follow them on Facebook. They frequently (as in every day they're open) post pics of new items with prices, and even their mannequins have names! They'll dress "Coco" or "Lola" in cute outfits of pieces from the store -- jewelry too -- and post online. They email shoppers (with your permission, of course) with any sales coming up. The only thing I'd change about that is they sometimes don't mention which location has the items in the photo. Most times they do, though.  Definitely my fave consignment place in the Valley so far. They have two locations in PHX.
5	Love, love, love this store (both Arcadia and Uptown). I really don't know how it could be any more perfect!  The other ladies have already covered the goodies so I'll keep it short (ish).I love the awesome ladies who work there. I love Thursdays at Arcadia where you can have wine with your shopping experience. I love the handmade jewelry. I love the great prices on these upscale finds. I love that they post photos of outfits on FB cause that's usually what gets me off my butt and over there shopping. I love that local charities benefit from your purchases. I love the constant sales.If you love deals and supporting local biz, "Like" them on FB and get over there A.S.A.P. and revel at how much you get for the money! Major Score, ladies!
4	Really cute place with really cute stuff. I found a great dress that looks fantastic on me, nice brand, great condition, about 1/3 of the price I would have had to pay for it in a normal store. And the girl behind the counter offered to put it on hold for me for 24 hours since i also wanted to check out their other location.  Super nice.  Never made it to the other store and stil got the dress the next day.   Thanks PLRG! :)FYI - the only thing I would improve is that the same really nice girl behind the counter didn't acknowledge me when I walked in. It's nice toi greet your guests.  Especially those that may spend some $...
5	I'm so glad I found this place - love this store.  I have only been to the Arcadia store and thought it was super cute.  Then I read the story behind how it came to be from their website and love it even more!
4	It's good as far as resale. I wish the inventory was a little more unique and special. A little too run of the mill designs. I did get my fav pair of jeans here for $25... That's worth a trip right there.
5	Great staff, great high end designer good at a great price.  I've also consigned here, very happy with everything about it.
3	I like going here to browse and occasionally buy but the customer service leaves plenty to be desired. I needed to ask a question about something I saw on their Facebook page and had to interrupt the clerk who was on her cell phone chatting. She gave me a one word answer and went back to her conversation. She wasn't abrupt or mean but wasn't helpful or all that interested in getting the sale.
2	we went yesterday, Friday to check it out. #1 they moved down the street, no sign on the previous address to inform customers. Went to new address. Lady behind the counter never acknowledged our presents. Never said a word to us, I really don't think she even looked at us. I thought the items were ordinary and over priced. I found a sun dress that I own on one of the racks and it was priced $5.00 more than I bought it new.To me not worth a second look.
5	I just love this place. I live right around the corner from it so I am always popping in. The exchange they give you is better than My Sisters Closet or Buffalo Exchange. Quality items. ALso the staff is extremely sweet. They have a huge following online so checking back often is important because the best stuff seems to fly quickly. Great place! I usually find Free People, Anthro and other goodies there. Good luck!
4	This store is awesome. I love shopping in consignment boutiques and this is top of the line. Prices are resonable, good selection and staff is very friendly. Plus you get discounts on top of the reasonable prices. Its not cramped and easy to find what you want. They have two locations (bethany home road and this one) so if you don't find what you need at one try the other. Will diffintely be back.
