5	A great upscale Italian place near the Complexe Desjardins.  I usually go for lunch and their automated reservation system can send you an e-mail confirmation if you wish: a great way to remind your date about the lunch without being intrusive when you forward it.On the food side, great Italian fare, bilingual menu (italian + French/English). A nice year round terrasse and a good Italian wine list.  Ask for your parking ticket behind the restaurant to be punched to have free parking.Overall a good experience for Italian food lovers.R.
5	This is definitely a class restaurant.The waitstaff was very accommodating and profressional.  They have a lovely terrace for dining, elegantly decorated and lit and refreshingly, not tightly packed.  We were not rushed (although busy, the restaurant was not packed, but we found this at most places we went this July, I think the economy has had an impact here).  The food was delicious and well presented.  Our martinis were made exactly as we had asked.  The wine list was good as well.  It is a pricey restaurant, but you get what you pay for.  If you want to splurge and make a special night of it, you will not be disappointed.
5	Always have a great meal with nice wine at this authentic Italian restaurant.  Its a bit pricy, main courses are in the $50 range.   Service is excellent with a number of helpers to serve all meals at the table at the same time.  A lot of little extras like the small pizza entres and nugat/chocolate with coffee.    Reservations are pretty much required friday and saturdays - its also a busy spot for lunch with the business folks.
4	First rate Italian, with an extensive albeit pricey wine list. Lots of pastat they make themselves, many fish dishes, all prepared with care.
4	Sat upstairs with a group of 12. It is very warm up there so be warned!  Food wise, I was impressed. We ordered a variety of different dishes and all had very positive results. I had the rack of lamb and it was outstanding!  Service was spotty though. Professional, but spotty. Because the amount of wine flowing, the heat on the second floor started to make it in unenjoyable and thus my 1 star deduction. Decor meds serious updating. A little on the tacky side. But a very nice evening.
4	It was a wonderful experience , the chef is very creative. We had a beatiful seating infront of the fire place & the kitchen is an open concept so it was nice to see the cooks in service
4	Overall very good food but pricey.
