3	Clean place, awesome rooms, newly renovated.  The staff is very helpful, and pleasant, though they seemed to be a bit clueless as to available amenities in the area.  We asked for an upscale restaurant, and we kept getting recommended the TGI Fridays across the parking lot.It was fairly recently renovated, so some hotel amenities were not available, vending machines, kitchen area, etc... Huge flat screen HDTV in every room, and a decent pool outside.  All in all a good place to stay, just not much around there to do.  Have a car if you stay here.
4	Humongous flat screen TV!!!! That is the first thing I noticed about the room! Pretty awesome! The room is cozy, and a decent size. The king size bed was comfy with fluffy pillows. The living room had plenty of seats that faced the flat screen TV. The room has a mini-fridge and a microwave.The only gripe about this place is a very small closet and bathroom. There is barely enough room to close the door for the bathroom. The closet also had one sliding door. The continental breakfast was average. No hot food. Guests can choose either cold cereal, instant oatmeal, juice and milk, fruit, yogurt, toasts or bagels. The seating area in the kitchen was convenient for guests to enjoy their meal.If you need access to computers, they are located next to the kitchen. There is a printer as well.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of the Hyatt Place brand so it was no surprise that I stayed out here for 3 nights when I came out to the Fiesta Bowl. What I love about the Hyatt Place brand is that 1. there's a huge HDTV (with HD programming) along with HDMI connections 2. there's a living room with a couch and an ottoman and 3. there's an empty mini fridge for you to use. This place is clean and the staff is friendly. One of the night staff actually let me borrow the microwave to reheat some leftovers. If you're looking for a good place to eat around here, try getting dim sum at China Chan. =)The only thing I have to complain about this place is that the elevators are s...l...o...w..., but other than that, everything is great.
4	Hyatt place is a great stay.  I did a quick tour of the room & posted it on youtubehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu3EOIRhmj4
4	Had a chance to stay here one nite for business. Been to another Hyatt Place in Fremont, and the quality is pretty even.What I liked:- big flat screen, really nice to watch Vancouver games, comfy bed and nice stretch sofa if you have colleagues or friends wanting to hang out.- good breakfast, cereals, juice, breads, and interactive touch menu to get hot items and other pastries 24-7.- FREE WIFI, big sell for me since it enabled me to work from the room and not drop another 10-20 bux.-great deal, not bad for just over 100 bux a nite.Why no fifth star:- had a massive headache when I arrived. A sundries shop would be nice, as they had no tylenol, -you can hear road/highway nearby, so I did wake up a few times.-TV and desk are nice, but it's not arranged room-wise so you can work on laptop & watch tv at the same timeBut great value and service, would definitely recommend and would not mind coming back.
2	Little did we know that going through Expedia.com for hotel reservations is actually a 'request' and not a reservation, so we ended up getting stuck with two double beds, on our honeymoon no less!  I understand that the hotel was booked but we asked three staff members and the y barely apologized, let alone offered any appeasement seeing as that we were on our honeymoon! We even brought it to the attention of management and got no where.I guess we won't be going back here and it's too bad because the service was otherwise great.
5	I normally don't rate chain hotels but the Hyatt Place in North Phoenix really did blow me away for the combination of price vs quality.  For $79 after tax, this recently renovated hotel featured fast, reliable wireless internet, a wide screen LCD TV, large L shaped sofa, amazingly comfy bed, and a nice lounge area in the lobby area (where I conducted my fantasy baseball draft after checkout).  Phoenix typically isn't very expensive for their hotels outside of the downtown area but like I said, the price for what you get is an amazingly great deal.  The breakfast could have been a little more substantial as the only hot food that existed was the English muffins that you had to toast up yourself.  Some scrambled eggs or sausages would be nice but I guess you can't ask for everything.Side note: the LCD TV wasn't working when I got into the room so just check the power cord connection because it seems to fall out perhaps when the TV is rotated from side to side
5	I love this hotel. Spent the weekend in Phoenix and this hotel was extremely convenient to the area we needed to be around. The lobby area was very functional and well-laid out. After I checked in at the kiosk, a very friendly employee gave us a tour of the area. There was a TV room, computer area with internet access, bar area, cold case with beverages, pre-made salads and sandwiches, sitting area and breakfast room. Our room was cozy and nicely decorated. My bf drooled all over the 42" flat screen TV. I loved the functionality of the space. There is a separate living area with a sofa sleeper, fridge, and computer desk. The bed was so comfy, it was hard to leave! The one thing that might deter you from this hotel is the freeway noise. I'm a heavy sleeper, so I had no problem. Those of you that are sensitive to noise might want to ask for a room on the opposite side or find another hotel.
5	I saw the name Hyatt, then I saw the price of $75 after taxes and fees, and something just didn't add up. We check in and the front desk attendant was extremely courteous and helpful. We walk into our room and are simply amazed. You will have a hard time finding a better hotel for the price of this one. Large room, very sheik trendy decor. the sofa in the living room looked like something out of a trendy art deco store, not something that would normally contain a sofa bed! the kitchen area was a bonus, and dining/desk was great. The 50" LCD TV was amazing, and what's more, it had all of the connections needed to hook up a computer, dvd player or any other device you want. The beds were comfortable. All in all, a great hotel!
3	I stayed here for 2 nights along with a few other people on a trip to see the Dodgers play their first game at Camelback Ranch.  I was only slightly influenced by the fact I had a free night that expired that weekend.The hotel was extremely busy over the weekend with lots of baseball fans.  This didn't become a problem until it was time for breakfast.  They ended up running out of food before their breakfast hours were over.When I addressed the issue with the front desk, they said they were not prepared for so many people.  I can't imagine that most of the hotel guests hadn't made their reservations in advance.  Since the breakfast is advertised as an amenity, I suggested they let us order something off of their kitchen menu and they agreed.Other than that situation our stay was great.  This area is pretty central in the greater Phoenix area, in my opinion.  It took about 20 minutes to get to Westgate/Glendale/Camelback Ranch via surface streets.
3	3.5 stars...I really enjoyed this hotel stay...We came to see "the boys in blue" play for some spring ball...Go Dodgers!!!  It was a smaller hotel and it was not a big chain like feel at all...It was more homelike....We stayed for a week and the staff there was pretty friendly and professional...The rooms were good sized...The 42 inch lcd screen tv helped...and it's an HD tv...it's got all the hook ups on the side...including for hdmi cables...so if you did want to hook up a ps3 or xbox you could easily...there was also free wi-fi...that was cool...some places you have to pay each day...You could tell it was an older hotel revamped to modern standards...The room came with a nice living room like quarters with a good size couch and dining table...it even came with a bar sink...the breakfast was actually quite good for a change...the staff there was on top of their game...they made sure that the guests had plenty of food and they kept refilling all the servings offered in the kitchen...they had a small gym with machines that were clean...and  a small pool and spa...they have communal computers and a printer...this place beats out some of the bigger chain hotels that i have stayed with...
1	Before I elaborate on the one star I do have to disclaim that the staff is extremely nice and helpful. However that is not outweighed by the ridiculous highway location.  Not to sound dramatic but it sounds like a NASCAR track outside and it doesn't matter if you're not on the side that faces the highway. Also, there's a weird "wet" smell in the hallways- that humid pool-like smell even though there isn't a pool.
5	So enjoyed my stay at this Hyatt which is minutes away from a mall, plenty of shopping and some decent restaurants with great Yelp reviews. I only stayed on night, but would definitely stay again and recommend for a short or extended stay.The staff was so friendly and let me check in early as I had a wedding to go to and like a dummy didn't plan ahead. They were very gracious and let me check in two hours early so I could squeeze in a quick nap. The room is so spacious and comes with an enormous TV (with HBO which is enough to tack on another star for me), living area with desk, couch, coffeemaker-the essentials. My only complaint was that the fridge in my room either didn't work or wasn't turned on because when I took my leftovers out the next morning they were warm.The bed was incredibly comfortable with pillows that met my taste-everyone's different. They were soft, but supportive and there were plenty of them! I slept so well that I almost missed check out! The bathroom was a little small, but I wasn't sharing with anyone so no bother to me. Unfortunately, someone was a little to enthusiastic about getting checked in that night because they drove through the lobby. Literally. I thankfully slept so deep I didn't hear anything, but when I came out the next morning, the check out area was cautioned off and there were notes everywhere about wearing shoes because there was glass on the floor. The staff was handling it well though and it looks like most of the damage had been cleaned up. Again, the staff was very nice and helpful without being overbearing and I'd stay here again even if there was a car parked in the lobby!
4	We were very pleased to find that our room was a suite.  The sitting area alone was 12' x 15' with a large L-shaped couch that folded out to a queen bed, a large ottoman, wet bar, business desk and dresser.   It was separated from the sleeping area by a partial wall/room divider.  There was a large flat screen swiveling 42" TV, comfy beds and pillows.  The room was magically kept at a perfectly comfortable temperature noiselessly, however, there was a moderate amount of traffic noise from the nearby freeway.  We didn't hear any noise at all from adjacent rooms. Room was immaculate.  Marble countertops.  Bathroom itself was small; the shower whined and the sink was outside the bathroom so it was hard to use it without waking the other person.  In-room Wi-Fi was fast and easy, no passcode.  Our key card didn't work well on the outside doors, but a security guard was out patrolling the parking lot at night.  Plenty of free parking. Free breakfast was standard fare of fruit, oatmeal, cereal, toast, bagels, and yogurt, but stepped up a notch with nice plates and Starbucks coffee. If you wanted a hot entree you could order it from the computer terminal and have it charged to your room.  Friendly and efficient staff.  The hotel desk is continuous with the bar counter, which I thought was a little unusual.  Very short drive to restaurants, fast food, and stores.  Overall, the best value for my dollar that I've had at any hotel, ever.  SO COMFORTABLE.
4	We stayed here 2 nights and it was thoroughly enjoyable. It's not a luxurious, high end hotel, but our stay was comfortable, clean & quiet.The continental breakfast is pretty standard: biscuits, bagels, muffins, white bread, wheat bread, dried cereals. You can have bacon, eggs, potatoes, but that'll cost extra. The absolute best part of the continental breakfast was the fresh grapefruit and assorted Tazo teas. Someone took the time to segment many grapefruits for our benefit. Love that!Free parking, free wi-fi, free breakfast!!!
5	Received it from Priceline for literally 55 bucks a night, on name your own price. Tons of parking, clean location, super helpful staff- not one complaint. Bid this area, for 3.5 stars or 3 stars on priceline, 50-60 range, and you'll get it. Place was everything I could ask for as a business traveller.
5	Excellent place to stay. always clean, quiet and prices are reasonable.  We enjoy a nice big room to spread out, the flat screen TV has spoiled my husband and if we are on the road and in a city for an overnight or two, this is one our first choices.
4	The staff is so friendly and so helpful! They do it all! The hotel is clean, quiet and smells so good walking into the lobby. It's served it's purpose. The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are a great size. You also get a queen size sofabed and 42" flat screen tv that swivels: with HDMI connection- so if you're traveling with kids, bring a DVD player and throw on a Disney flick:-)I can't say enough about the staff, oh n they also have a free shuttle van that will take you anywhere within a 5 mile radius and pick you back up! Loved it.
4	The room was clean and spacious.  I liked that there was a living room area as well.  The room was big and spacious and the beds were really comfortable.  Also there was plenty of power outlets for everything.  There was also a big TV and free wifi.  The breakfast was very good with french toast, eggs, and fruit, much more than most hotel free continental breakfasts.
5	Pretty nice hotel with nice TVs. I do suggest getting a room facing the front and not the back because the freeway noise get on the nerves. The hotel lobby smells particularly good. I will stay here again.
1	Several very good things about the Hyatt Place. Although it's in an ugly corporate park, about 100 meters to the east is an excellent paved trail that follows a dried riverbed. The complementary breakfasts were good. Outdoor pool. Comfortable rooms.We only had one problem here. We booked using a third-party website that specified two double beds, and when we got here, all they had was a room with a king. I get it that those things aren't guaranteed. But to the general manager we attempted to negotiate with I ask, can't you at least pretend to be sympathetic? Even an insincere "I'm sorry" would have gone a long way. Did you miss that first day of class when you took Service Industry 101? Smug and condescending might be more fun for you, but nobody likes a little tyrant.
4	this place is great ! I got a good deal on priceline 65.00 ...I've stayed at more expensive places that sucked ! So u get a free breakfast up by the front desk.. it was ok.. hey its free... the people that work there were fabulously ...I didnt smell mildew like some of the other reviews said ... the floors in my room were a little stained thus making me not want to walk on the floor barefooted ... I have to say thou overall this place i would definitely stay again if I'm ever in the phoenix area again ....
4	Helpful staff. Rooms are comfortable and spacious. The rooms look just like the photos! TV was awesome, and the fact I could connect my laptop to it and play movies was worth it.  They also have a free breakfast and a bar with happy hour. I would recommend this hotel for anyone staying in Phoenix.
4	Great! Not bad. Had everything you needed.  Roomy.
5	The staff is simply the best. I frequent this hotel for business and recently had an odd assignment---11 straight nights where I worked a graveyard shift (7pm-7am). The challenge here is that my working/sleeping hours fell outside the normal housekeeping schedule. I explained this dilemma with the hotel management and they simply said they'd take care of it. They arranged to have my room serviced first thing in the morning so that it would be ready when I came back in the morning and ready to sleep. And it worked out well like clockwork.The staff is accommodating and make the effort to remember guests by name. What a personal touch!Internet speeds are adequate, HBO on tap, and a decent breakfast spread. Overall, great value for the business traveler.
4	Overly "I'm making a point to be friendly" front desk staff on some of my stays, but they were helpful. Even got a free drink while I was waiting for them to fix my reservation (they broke it hard). Nice, clean, modern rooms (although twice the size they need to be). Free breakfast was nice. Gym kinda sucks since it lacks weights, but not a deal-breaker for me. Overall a decent hotel.
5	The staff was absolutely amazing. I was here for 2 weeks for work and I couldn't complain about anything. Rudy, Steve and the rest of the staff were accommodating, friendly and went out of their way to help anytime.  The rooms are clean and large and the pool is relaxing.  The 24/7 gallery menu was very good also.  I highly recommend it to anyone who's staying in the area.  Thank you very much for a great stay.
5	We stayed at the hotel on the weekend of 4/27-4/28.  I am currently a manager of a local nightclub near the hotel but live about an hour away.  I had just concluded my 3rd double shift in a row and at this point had been awake and working for almost 24 hours.  After a long night of working the thought of the drive home almost brought me to tears and I decided to stay at a hotel.  Originally I was supposed to stay at a different hotel that I had stayed in numerous times before.  I asked to check in at 4:30/5 a.m. instead of the typical afternoon check in.  I had done this many times at the other hotel however for whatever reason the other hotel stated I could not do that this weekend as it was an "inconvenience" to housekeeping to have to prepare a room that early for me.  Needless to say I did not stay there but instead drove up the street to the Hyatt Place.  The front desk lady was absolutely welcoming and got me into a room immediately.  She was comforting and understanding to my needs and made me feel "mothered" for lack of a better word.  She checked me in quickly, gave me my room key and told me about breakfast in the morning.  Every staff member we came in contact with was polite, the room was clean and welcoming and when we checked out the front desk lady was just as "mothering" as when we check in.  It looks like we have a new home away from home.  Thank you to all of the staff, it could not have been more appreciated!
5	My parents stayed here and thought it was great, and so I thought I'd try it too. After a really horrible day of car trouble and such a long drive, the staff was super helpful and made me feel so welcome. They really made the day much better and I cannot say enough about their customer service. The rooms are also nice, too, which of course is great. I'm sure I'll stay again and will recommend it to anyone who comes to Phoenix.
5	Smooth check in. Check in is at 3pm but called ahead and walked in at noon, not a issue.Rooms were medium size but were clean and newly remodeled. free wifi was a plus. Took advantage of the free buffet breakfast for 7-10 am on weekends. they also have it during the week but just a tad earlier. I got the two queen beds but they more like fulls but still not uncomfortable for two grown people. The section also has a pullout bed that no one ever mentions. They have a 24hour starbucks in the lobby which is great.
5	I love the Hyatt Place hotels to begin with.  All the rooms have always been updated.  Great big screen TVs, lots of room, free wifi, free parking, free breakfast, and great amenities.But... I have to say that this one stands out.  Their staff has been so accommodating.  I have rarely seen a hotel as wonderfully sincere as the staff here.  From the housekeeping to the concierge.  The hotel breakfast is great and they serve Starbucks coffee & espresso drinks 24-hours.  I just found out about the loaning system... they have a curling iron and a flat iron?!  I can pack so much lighter now!  Hyatt Place so far has always been a great stay and this one wins my loyalty that much more!
5	Great rooms. Traveling with two small kids and wish there was a small light to leave on at night so you can see when they get up. All the lights are too big and bright. Staff is great check in and next morning at breakfast. Really good little breakfast. I booked over aa.com using airline miles simple and easy.
5	Great check in staff, awesome room design, huge flat screen tv, and gracious amenities. I'm a fan!
5	The stay here was defiantly comfortable. Not only were the rooms really nice, but the guest services team was very helpful.
5	Very comfortable and modern rooms, great staff and a warm breakfast makes me a fan!  The service team, especially Chelsea and manager Rudy, provided 5 star customer service and were very professional.  I will definitely be back when in Phoenix.
4	Nice clean hotel with good sized rooms. My real complaint is the noise level in the rooms from the interstate. Make sure to ask for a room that isn't hear the interstate.
2	I'm a big fan of Hyatt Place. That said, this was the least impressive of any that I've stayed. It is the older of their designs. The room was a little tired; stains on the carpet and noisy refrigerator. Those I can handle. My complaint is the interstate noise! I rarely sleep with earplugs, but it was a must in my room. Even then I could hear the roar. Get a room on the non-interstate side, or find another hotel! The front desk staff said they are working with the city to get permits to build a sound barrier. Definitely below the quality I expect from a Hyatt Place.
1	Horrible customer service. Do not stay here. The front desk staff and shift manager were very rude and unhelpful the rooms facing the street sound like the freeway is in your bed!!! I will never stay at this hotel again.
5	Had an amazing stay. First night we got in at 3am we tried  to make it for breakfast the next day we were late. the staff let us not only eat but took our time and even asked us if we needed any thing else. Service was amazing beds are comfortable and the price is great... Will most def stay again ...
3	Justice Cafe and Patio is a nice perk. Rooms comfortable and clean. Our refrigerator was not working and service promptly got it working. Good location for access to toy district and little Tokyo. Can't beat the value.
1	I am not impressed. I really liked the other Hyatt Place in Mesa but this one just stinks...literally and figuratively.You can tell that they need to do a lot of improvements. Popcorn ceilings from the 1950s, stained carpet, sink in the middle of the room, etc. We walked in around 1230 am and there was no one to be seen or heard. No note or anything just an empty space. We had just driven for 4 hours and we were tired with a little one. 15 minutes later the guy finally shows up. If you aren't going to be at the front desk then leave a note saying you will be back. It's just BAD customer service even if you are the only one working. Secondly, my husband asked for a room higher up and away from the elevators. He told us our room was at the end of the hallway. Wrong...it's 3 rooms from the elevator. Obviously, you don't even know the layout of the floors so that's just not cool. Thirdly, the king size bed is just a little bigger than a queen size bed and is so uncomfortable that it definitely needs to be changed out. Feeling the inner spring coils is not cool and it creaks like there's no tomorrow. Lastly, the smell of weed woke me up. This place needs to figure out a better air system because these air units suck. In conclusion, don't stay here. You can do much better than this place after paying $130 a night. Drive a little further to get a way better place.
5	I go to Phoenix at least once a month on business. The staff at Hyatt Place North is really great.Emma is always there with a smile on her face and a, "Welcome Back!"Sarah in the sales department took care of all of our business needs. If you need a great place to meet your clients... Their meeting room is perfect.I stay in a lot of hotel and this is at the top as far a L's the service goes!Thank you to the crew at Hyatt Place North! Keep up the good work!Melissa
5	Really liked this hotel.  Room was great, staff couldn't have been nicer, and the included breakfast was probably the best we have ever had at any hotel.  My only slight issue is that the floor of the shower "dented in" no matter where I stood.  Big kudos to the staff....I had a bunch of questions and they went out of their way to answer them...even printed out directions for me.
4	We were in Phoenix. for a Bar Mitzvah and stayed at the Hyatt Place and really enjoyed the hotel and staff. The room was large and comfortable, the lobby was nicely appointed, the restaurant was convenient and served tasty food but Joseph at the front desk was a stand out! He was very helpful especially because we didn't know the area and his suggestions and directions were spot on! He was also very nice to my mom which can go a long way!
4	We like this Hyatt Brand. We were on the side facing away from the highway so it was quiet. The bed was comfortable and the breakfast is always ample.Downside is that "Mrs." (my wife) never seems to have enough room for her vanity stuff, oh well, that's her problem.Getting a comfortable setting for the A/C was also difficult... either too hot or too cold. Seems strange but does not have safe deposit boxes in the rooms.Room Tip: Rooms away from the highway are quiet
5	This hotel is right in the heart of it all! You can walk to great restaurants nearby and not far from the infamous Sunset Blvd and Hollywood Hall of Fame. There is free open parking which is hard to sometimes come across at hotels in AZ. Another great factor this hotel is inexpensive. I would recommend staying here and using the saved money on attractions or a nice dinner!
