4	I am not sure why Pizza Mia doesn't have its own business listing on Yelp. After all, they do make the best pizza in all of Montreal. Nothing else I have tried (and I have been to the highly rated pizza spots) has come close to what Pizza Mia offers. The slices are full of toppings fresh from the market a few steps away, and the dough is still the best pizza dough I have ever tasted. Their vegetarian pizza scores off the charts in the flavor department, especially with chili oil on top of it. Aside from pizzas they also make and sell a myriad of other delicious food like macarons, calzones, cannollis, etc...Before you crown one of the other good pizza places in Montreal as the best, give Pizza Mia a try!
5	Some of the best pizza in montreal. Very casual. It's not really a sit down restaurant instead you order at the counter and can eat outside in the Atwater Market.
5	The best, no joke, best Italian Sausage and spinach pizza in Montreal.Montrealers all have their own favorite pizza joints, while those in the McGill ghetto rave about Amelios, by far  the best pizza you want, without having to sit down for  restaurant service and if you're on the go, is Pizza Mia in the Marche Atwater.Everything about their thin-slice pizza is perfect. Thin but strong, slightly crispy crust, flavorful sauce, better quality cheese when melted does not  form tiny pools of grease, in fact, just from the taste alone, you know they're using superior quality ingredients and that makes a HUGE difference.Have a slice of this pizza, sprinkled with hot chili pepper flakes and you're good to go for the rest of the afternoon while you do your food shopping. But they just don't have pizzas here. I saw pizza pies, Calzones, fresh salads in the fridge, macarons and tiny cupcakes of all sort on the offering. You can take stuff to go or sit down and eat your slice in the tiny eating area they offer outside, along the window, or in the back.
5	This is a hidden jem .. This is the best sausage and spinach pizza I've had .. Although the neighborhood must be well aware of it as there is a steady stream of take out and eating at the counter .. There is a place to eat downstairs though ..so much variety and choice and everything looks so good and so hand crafted that I new it was going to be good before I ate .. But it's better than good ... Next time you want pizza , drive to Atwater market and get this pizza instead of delivery ... It's at the very end , same end as the Christmas trees are at :)Such a wonderful surprise on a cold November day !!!im giving it 5 stars for the quality of the food alone !
5	This is a tiny little pizza shop in Atwater Market. I'd have to say best pizza in Montreal. If you're with friends order a few different half slices to try as many different types of pizza as possible. I haven't had a bad slice here.
