4	Fun loving family run..Sonny and Jo are great and so is the rest of the family and associates.  So friendly and food is made with heart and soul!     Ordered the usual Buffalo Wings and they are good,  and a pizza with pepperoni and roasted red pepper...so tasty.
4	I Ordered the  Buffalo Wings and they are good, A bit on the Salty side , But Good.I have not tried this Fig pizza , but maybe next time .They are a nice family owned place and the prices are very reasonable.Looks clean and I would recommend.
5	Sonny and Jo's is truly a hidden treasure of Pittsburgh! This family-run restaurant and bar is a great place to catch a game, sit outside on a summer night while talking with friends, or just to see a familiar face (because if you come a couple of times they won't forget yours!) The atmosphere is that of a favorite neighborhood gathering place, and the food makes it even better.The Sicilian-style pizza is something you have to try! I had one with sausage and green peppers the first time I ever came here, and it has kept me coming back. My favorite menu item, though, is the delicious calzone, best prepared when stuffed with Jo's amazing meatballs! (Watch out, though! The small calzone is enough for 2 people!) And as Sonny once told me about the pizza, "You tell me how you want it and we can make it for you!" They've really made an incredibly delicious menu, and they're always working to keep it that way.As all bars go, they have traditional appetizers and "game day" snacks, but their wings are a big draw as well as the homemade chips (that are well worth ordering!) Make sure to check out the website for hours because they do change depending on the day--they're closed on Mondays. Also, the calendar tells you when wing night, happy hour, and ladies' night are.I'm sure you'll see Sonny or Jo walking around and serving or chatting up their customers. They are such sweet people and their care for their neighbors and for this restaurant makes it the best place in the 'Burgh to eat!
5	Great family owned pizza shop/Italian eatery/bar!! Sonny and Jo themselves are always busy running around serving food and drinks and greeting their patrons like they are family! Their adult children also are actively involve with the business and the entire family is super friendly and very accommodating. The menu is typical pizza, hoagies, wings, calzones, and some Italian specialties. Any item can be changed or customized to your liking though, so long as they have the ingredients you desire. I have tried many of the items on the menu and have never been disappointed. Thank you Sonny & Jo for always serving up the best.
