4	What a difference a day makes. Add two or three years and your locavore-foraged-hipster restaurant Sardine, might just become very different, morphing into an izakaya serving ramen and a variety of Japanese inspired appetizers. I liked the old Sardine concept well enough, but the execution never quite lived up to its promise. This new incarnation, although at first seemingly much simpler, entails a lot of hidden complexity; from the rich stock which is made the old school way, to the perfectly pickled kimchi, to the craft tonic that makes for nicely balanced cocktails. And of course, the "did I just walk into a set design meant to be a hipster bar in Brooklyn" interior, makes that simple piping hot bowl of ramen, somehow a lot cooler. Regarding the latter, I had it twice - the first time it was too salty, but good, and the second time, everything was bang on, from the broth to great noodles, to eggs soaked overnight in vinegar and soy sauce, it was all damn good. I have a feeling they'll just keep getting better. Try it before the lines are around the block.
4	So delicious and so cozy, it's hard for me to be happier then when tucked in here with a sweet faced date slurping noodles and sipping hot sake. The sake-based cocktails are delicious too, and I loved the tartar I tried the first time I came. But now, especially when it rains, I mostly think about that thick flavourful spicy broth, noodles, egg, a bowl I'd like to swim in, dim lights, friendly faces hollaring hello and smiling you through the menu. Man, if I didn't have other plans I'd brave the rain and try to find a friend to cuddle in with me at tiny trim little Iwashi tonight. Long man you run little pop up! Keep us warm through the winter at least!
5	Ffffabulous Ramen! Was not expected to find an authentic japanese bistro there. I ate Ramen to die for!!! So good, so tasty with subtle flavor only found in Japan. This place is incredible!! Amazing menu created by chef Fujise san.
2	Ambiance: very cold, literally; an antique-looking portable heater standing near the entrance didn't help at all; we had to dine with our winter coats on; very small space (seating max 25 people); as with most hipster places these days, very dim yellow light, good for concealing unwanted flaws if you're on a date; Service: polite, perhaps with a hint of snobbery, not particularly warm but adequate; for the sake of comparison, much prefer service at Kazu; wait time for most dishes were reasonable, albeit with a lot of patience; the ramen dish however took 20 minutes to arrive after the previous dish;Food: do not be fooled by Facebook and blogger pictures; aside from the ramen, plates were tapas size, to be consumed in precisely 2 spoonfuls; we've sampled the hay-smoked beef carpaccio with arugula, chawanmushi (egg custard in a tea cup), grilled octopus, tuna tartare, chicken karrage (essentially deep fried high end organic chiken) and tonkotsu ramen; only the chicken somewhat stood out in flavour and texture: batter was crisp with notes of garlic and chili, meat was hot, moist and juicy; the rest were either tasteless (chawanmushi) or too salty (beef carpaccio) or ordinary (ramen included); quite overpriced for the quality and preparation; most ramen joints in Toronto would beat Iwashi, hands down; overall, nothing that we've tasted was memorable enough to inspire a second visit;
2	Small portions, high price, low flavor.... If you dont know how to cook asian dont... Better off for the ramen at saka-ba!
