4	For a chain restaurant, this place is pretty good.  The menu isn't so extensive that you lose quality in food.  Actually, having a one page menu plus a one page alcohol menu is my ideal.I got the Pollo Rosa Maria and it was actually pretty delicious.  I had spaghetti as my side and that left a bit to be desired, but still complemented my meal nicely.  The salad came quickly, as did the bread.  No complaints there.  The service was attentive and my drink never went empty.  However, when I said I had never been to a Carrabbas before the server proceeded to explain nearly every dish on the menu.  I could have lived without that, but I suppose it could be useful to have the Italian words (that are quite obvious what they mean in English) explained to some.Overall, for a chain Italian place this is pretty good.  In my book the quality is significantly better than Olive Garden, but the range of selection is much more limited.
5	This is a wonderfull place to eat, the food is delicious, the fried calamari is exceptional as is the shrimp scampi with the awesome garlic bread. I have yet to have anything just ok all was excellent.  The staf is so kind, patient, and personable as is Ken the owner.  Our favorite waiter is Kristoffer. A job well done to all.  We will keep coming back !!
5	always a rock solid dining experience at Carrabba's, and the staff at this location is the best, in my opinion. The lentil soup is as good as any I've had. One of our standby's, and one of the few chain restaurants we actually frequent.
3	Not too bad!  Been to this location several times, still have not loved it yet.  The antipasta platter was ok.  The mozzarella was good; the brushette had too much pesto; and calamari was not crispy enough.  The chicken marsala was ok too.  I tasted more of the grill of the chicken than the marsala sauce.  The mash potatoes were good.    I should have stuck to my usual pasta carrabba.  The service is always excellent!
4	We have eaten here about a dozen times in the last two years.  The service is always good and the quality of the food is good for the price.  We usually split the Sirloin Marsala and order a extra salad.  That is enough for both of us after we have bread with it.  The atmosphere is nice and it is always clean.  We take our four teenage girls and they always want to sit at the bar seats near the pizza oven.  I have found that sometimes we are treated to "samples" when we sit there.  Always a good experience!!
3	We live near this restaurant, so frequent it a lot. Each time we've been there, the service has been excellent! The mood is always friendly, upbeat, & if you have a b-day, the singing superb! Only one complaint - and it's a biggee - the food is always too salty! they need to cut back on the salt on their soups, entrees, everything!
5	Quite possibly the best (and consistently so) service in phoenix...for the prices. Amazing!!The servers are always happy and smiling - they are quick and my glass is never emptyThe food is always equally amazing...wonderfully hot and steaming and the flavor is superbhard combination in todays chain restaurant monopoly
4	I went into here thinking it was a Macaroni Grill or some other chintzy Italian chain. But I was actually surprised. I got the Tag Pic Pac which is pasta, basil, garlic, tomatoes, and I added chicken. Very fresh and delicious - again, I was surprised. It was a Friday night and pretty packed, and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. My only beef was the service could have been a bit better. Got food before utensils and we had the hunt the guy down for the check.  But food wise, pretty good.
3	The food is pretty good. Kind of salty in my opinion, but my boyfriend thinks it's fine. I've had quite a few items on the menu.  The chicken Caesar salad is amazing. This location in particular always has the lentil and sausage soup, which is awesome. I'll come to Carrabba's just for that. The servers have usually been a bit snotty, which took me by surprise. Yeah, it's not Olive Garden, but it's no Avanti either.Be warned though! The order in/take out is god awful. The food is fine, but the servers have always messed up my order.  I've called in for food about 5 times and not one time did they get my order correct. Often they charged me for everything I ordered, but when I would get my bags, several items would be missing. The manager has always been accommodating after I'd call in the problem by either refunding the missing items or sending a voucher, but put simply, I just want my food! So call car-side at your own risk!
5	I travel to my condo in Phoenix usually once a month and every trip I always go to Carrabbas. The food is excellent as well as the service. The meatballs with Riccotta cheese are my favorite appetizer. Serving portions are very generous and I usually have enough leftovers to take home. Nothing better than a hugh bowl of Carrabbas pasta and a jug of wine to make a man happy. Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
3	Carrabbas markets itself as an upscale Italian restaurant but doesn't quite fulfill its promise. The dimly lit restaurant and open kitchen with woodfire oven creates a good mood and typically for dinner service it's mostly filled and the wait service is prompt.Foodwise, it is similar to Olive Garden but for a higher cost. The lasagna, polla rosa maria, veal marsal and chicken parmegian all are about as good as you could make at home - I most recently had the polla rosa maria and unfortunately the fontina cheese was a liquid mess on the plate instead of adding to the texture of the chicken. Still, the portions are fine and the food is never poor - however, you may end up feeling disappointed  for the cost.
4	Yum! First time I'd eaten here...hooray for birthdays! First off, the salad was fresh and the dressing was delicious! The calamari appetizer was tasty, came with a lemon pepper butter sauce and marinara...We tried the chicken parm (tasty and tender) and the pollo rosa maria (mushrooms and some random spices). Delish!Meals also come with bread and an olive oil/herb spread. Staff is really nice and helpful as well.Will definitely be going back!
4	Wow, we kinda forgot about Carrabbas for a while and what a pleasant experience and I really enjoyed my dinner!  I had one of their specials Prosciutto wrapped Pork Tenderloin medalians.  This is grilled and seasoned with a "port sauce" and I got to tell you, very tasty!  Everyone at our table had something different and all seemed to really enjoy their dishes as well.  The attmosphere is nice, not too loud, well lit, but not overly bright, their is a slight wood smoke smell (from their oven/grill which is a nice touch.We will certainly be back.
3	Someone told us they have great wood fired pizza, so we really went for that over anything else. the bread was warm and fresh, and the dipping oil was flavorful. Wished our server told us the ingrediants liek the server at the next table. Pizza was good, but wouldnt drive here just for that. Salad was average, at best.
5	YUMMY! The pasta was very well done. The shrimp were larger than I expected and blended well with the cheese sauce. Definitely better than Olive Garden any day of the year.
5	If you are looking for a place where the service matches the food, look no further. This family style Americanized-Italian restaurant was beyond comparison. The staff is very friendly and if you have children, they will well entertained while stuffing their faces with amazing food. From the freshly baked bread to the main coarse, every bite was like a new adventure for my taste buds. They have a wide variety of food but I highly recommend the pasta dishes. Your mouth will thank you the moment you take your first bite.
4	I love this place from start of meal the the end of the meal. They have great salads but I always get the mamas scipy chicken. Chicken, small round noodles, carrots, celery, potatoes to help thicken it, spices to give it a little kick. So good. I then usually get the chicken trio with the garlic mashed potatoes. They cook this chicken on an open flame and gives it the great char taste (char not burnt) and it juicy. The garlic mashed potatoes are really yummy too. Not to much garlic, just right. Of coarse the dessert. Even if there is no room for it I always order it even if I take it home. The called the Sogno Di Chiocclate (chocolate Dream) I am dreaming about just telling you about it. It is for the chocolate lover. It is fudge brownie that has kahlua brushed on it, chocolate mousse, whipped cream and a home made chocolate sauce (that is to die for) all put together. It is the perfect bite.
5	the best the best the best  love eating here  not only for Italian but its my favorite for steak!!  get the sirloin or fillet marsella  the best as well as the pollo rosa marie (chicken) to die for  everything is good here and great service!!!  I go at least once a month....
5	This location is the closest to my house and I've eaten here many times. The service is always great as is the food. Their minestrone soup is amazing and I never fail to order it. I've never even tasted one of their salads. Have also had the manager come to the table and chat on occasion as well as give us a complimentary copy of one of their cook books. I love non-chain restaurants but Carrabbas is one of the exceptions. I can't imagine ever getting tired of their food.
4	Great food, kid friendly!  Our server brought fresh dough for our kids to play with while our meal was being prepared:-)
5	We went to Carrabba's to celebrate my parents 40th anniversary last week. Beginning to end it was great. Charles, our server, was excellent as was all the wait staff we dealt with. The food was really good, the Chicken Parmesan especially. I'll be back for sure.
5	I went here recently while in the area on business and since I was alone, I pulled up a seat at the bar. I decided to start off with a salad and ordered my entree at the same time. I noticed the place was reasonably busy and expected my order to take a bit of time, but after twenty minutes went by after finishing my salad and no entree, I started to wonder if they'd forgotten my order. Just as I was getting ready to inquire, a gentleman approached me and introduced himself as one of the managing partners. He apologized for the delay, didn't make excuses, and told me my dinner was on them!  I was impressed not only by the way they handled what could have been an unpleasant experience, but was also impressed by the quality of their food even if the service was slow. I will make it a point to go here again and give them a well deserved opportunity to get the service part right next time.
2	Food was ok, price was high, amount of food little
2	Did not like, few selections, not really cost effective
4	Flavor yo.  This place actually uses fresh herbs and spices and food tastes like it.  Most places food is bland.  This place you taste the garlic you tast the pepper.  I honestly think the best thing they do/have is the bread and olive oil wtih herbs and seasonings they bring out.  Serious stuff.  Lasagna is pretty good too.  Here is a tip.  Do not order brushetta.  way overpriced, toast usually a little too crispy (burned) and the bread and herbed olive oil is better, free and unlimited.
5	Great family dinner with fantastic service. Had the Sirloin Masala. Would highly recommend!
5	I have never had a bad meal here. The food is always top notch, with the staff always going above and beyound.
5	Ok, like this was the most scrumptious Italian meal I have had since eating in Italy!!!  I had heard about this place, but always thought it was a Mexican restaurant, but finally tried it awhile back, and man, i hate like a littler oinker!  Everything from Apps to the luscious lemon bread pudding was terrific, though I tend to eat way too much bread and that has some of the best.  Thank goodness they pack leftovers up very nicely and give you it all in a shopping bag [G].  The water was THE BEST; and, if I can remember his name, I will specifically ask for his station again!!!!  Even the owner/manager came by to ensure everything was ok and even left a coupon for a free APP on next visit; oh what to choose; hmmmm, shrimp scampi - YUMMOI would MOST definitely recommend Carrabbas; just wish they did lunch during the week, but will just have to settle for dinner or nice weekend lunch!!!!
1	For a chain/box restaurant this place is way over priced.  Second, I had the minestrone soup and it tasted like it was a second rate canned soup, I sent it back and was still charged for it.  Third, they ran out of children's menu's?????  Fourth since they had no children's menus we asked "do you have a kids Alfredo noodle plate?"  We were told yes and ordered it plain for our child.  They charged $10 for a kids plate.  The service was decent but the staff seemed to do a lot of standing around and the table seemed to always be dirty.  It was over all not a pleasant experience and we will not be revisiting them.
1	We arrived at Carrabbas early on a Saturday (around 5:00 p.m.) the restaurant was only 1/2 full we proceeded to the hostess desk and she told us it would be a little bit before we were seated.  My husband asked why so long when they are only 1/2 full and he was told that it was because they didn't have the servers, why not seat us, explain that to us and get us a drink?  That would make you feel like a valued customer.  Our server came over and took our drink order, my husband ordered his usual, spaghetti and meatballs, I ordered from the tasting menu, bruschetta for an appetizer, salad and parmasean crusted chicken.  my appetizer should come out first, and we waited, and waited, and waited, finally the server came over and told us it had been given to another table, so they had to make it again, so we waited, and waited, and waited 1/2 hour to get my appetizer which basically is toast with a tomato topping on it which is actually served on the side.  once I finished my app, it was time for our soup/salad course, and we waited and waited, so it finally came.  Then about 1/2 hour later we were brought our main dish.  The size of my husbands spaghetti was about 1/2 the size it used be.  Mine came with a sauce on the side which I tasted and it was cold, I asked the server if it was suppose to be cold and she said she didn't know.  I responded by saying I can't imagine they would give you cold sauce to put on a hot dish.  She said she could bring me another one, so I waited and waited and waited she came back and said the manager was going to bring it so I waited and waited and finally the server brought it.  once we finished we asked for the check and you guessed it, we waited and waited and waited. She finally brought the check and not only  had I been charged for the tasting menu dinner she also charged me for the appetizer that comes with it.  I waited for her to come back and told her, she took it back to change it when she brought it back I told her to wait for my payment because I didn't want to be there all night.  We finally left 2 1/2 hours later.
4	Delicious prosciutto wrapped pork tenderloin medallions! Love, love, love the Pomegranate Martinis! My hubs loved the smooth house chardonnay, Great Italian salad, scrumptious bread, dessert trio, and efficient service.
4	Greeted by friendly host. Sat with Desiree two nights in a row. She was hospi5able, helpful, and knowledgeable. The prosciutto wrapped pork tenderloins with green beans were delectable! Love the red sangria and pomegranate martinis. Had the dessert trio which rocked! Left satisfied!
4	Delightful server Desiree answered our questions, kept the bread coming beverages full and recommended her favorites. I enjoyed a shrimp and scallop pasta, red sangria, and an Italian salad. No complaints. Loved every bite.
4	I have been to Carrabba's several times and I really enjoy their food.  I have had their chicken parmesan, shrimp dishes, attended there happy hours, etc.  I often send gift cards to my sister in S. Carolina, as she loves them too.  Their prices are reasonable and have never had a bad experience.  Food and Staff are great!  I will eat there again.
1	Service was TERRIBLE!  The waitress' name was Jessica and she ignored our table after dropping off the food. She had NO manners. Other waitresses picked up the slack, but still not good enough. Waitress looked like it was miserable to work here.
5	Why say a bunch of stuff we simply love this place is a real Italian delicious dinner it make look Olive Garden like a fast food. So yes we highly recommend this place and we can say wow to this Awesome place. Menu is great, servers are Awesome, Management is so much better than others places the manager went to our table and i was so polite with us that we score this place with A+ in all aspects.
5	My husband and I were visiting the area and decided to stop in for a late lunch early dinner. The service was excellent,  knowledgeable and friendly. I have diet restrictions and when I asked questions the waitress Mary happily asked the chef if certain items contained sugar.  She was eager to assist me in choosing the right dish based off my food restrictions. The food was succulent and flavorful. I order the wood grilled chicken with red sauce made the way I needed to be done with no sugar and no cheese.  My husband went off of the waitress recommendation and had the Mahi Wulfe. My husband said his fish was outstanding. During or visit we even met the owner he was polite and helpful as well.  It is nice to go to a restaurant and get knowledgeable service.  They did it right.  Bravo!
1	Location Is NOT open for lunch as hours say on Yelp.. Monday to Friday they open at 4. Please fix your information.
4	We order takeout from here regularly. They have an easy to use online ordering system. As for the food we have enjoyed everything we have gotten here. I highly recommend the calamari.  You will not be disappointed with what you order. Pickup is easy, just needing to park in the takeout spot and they will bring the food to you. The downside is that they always take longer than they say and we have to make sure to double check our order since they have forgotten items we have ordered on three occasions.
1	Horrible food. The pasta was mashed together and overly done. I never ate fettuccine so poorly done in my life. I ended up sending my food back because it was too old, salty, and gross. It was a waste of trip to there.
4	Had a good meal at Carrabba's. Enjoyed the Sicilian Chicken Soup and spaghetti with meat sauce. Good Italian bread. Service was also good. No complaints, other than the price!
