2	I don't like shopping at sports authority for a number of reasons. First of all, when you walk in, there is no one in sight who wants to help you. The store is too huge and has too much stuff so you most certainly will get overwhelmed even if you spend a short time there. If you are looking for a swimsuit, you are better off going to Kohl's or Target. These guys do not have a good collection at all. All the swimsuits look exactly the same. Even the ones on sale are not really that cheap. This store is so large that you most certainly will need help with where things are located etc. They need a serious revamp of this store to make it more customer friendly.
2	I really don't know what's been going on with my countenance lately. Clearly, the expression on my face as I meander through these janked-out businesses in Phoenix is one that seems to scream out that I'm some kind of dumbass with a big, Santa-sized sack of cash that I just can't wait to get rid of. It's not just this place either, I somehow have had the same annoyance at a few different stores lately. I don't really understand when the word "No" ceased to mean, well NO, and started instead to mean "Keep talking because I am just as moronic as you and might buy into your bullshit." THREE times I had to say NO to this buffoon who tried to sell me a warranty for a pair of shoes so that they would last me a year in the Arizona sun. He was quite authoritative on his weather report and science project explaining me how the glue on the sole would separate. Really? Because I actually use my RUNNING shoes for - guess what - RUNNING, and as such, I replace them every six months - at the most. Furthermore, if the blast of heat when it really starts to get going out there was enough to melt a pair of shoes as I wear them, then wouldn't the world be coming to a nuclear end? Three times I said no. THREE.
3	Sports Authority is like the Walmart of sporting goods stores. No, wait, that would be Big 5. I guess they are more like Target. Reasonable prices, and products that don't completely fall apart the first time you use them (but they are still made in China) and no service whatsoever. And Dick's is more like a Dillard's or Macy's because they have the higher end brands and employees that are older than 16 or 17 years old. So then I guess Bass and Cabela's would be more like Nordstrom's? That's where the really nice stuff is but you usually walk out without purchasing anything unless they are having a sale. Except Cabela's is sort of specialized so I think that would be more analogous to something like an Ann Taylor.Ok, I know I have gone way off topic here but I think I have made it abundantly clear that I am not a regular customer. But I do occasionally come in to buy gifts for family and friends. On my most recent visit, I came in, wandered around for about 20 minutes and then found what I needed (with no help whatsoever from staff), paid and left. A two star experience for sure but I have to give them an extra one since they offer a discount when you check in thru the Yelp app on your smart phone and so that saved me 10 bucks.
4	I went looking for a Sports Authority in Phoenix after remembering I had some loyalty $$ expiring this weekend. After getting wrong info for an Sports Authority on Elliot in Tempe. I finally found this store. The store was well stocked and the staff was polite and well trained . Wound up buying sandals, socks, running pants, and a t-shirt. The cashier was helpful in using the multiple coupons and Sports Authority cash.
2	I stopped in the store to get some information about a bike.  A female employee asked if she could help. I asked if she knew about bikes, she said no but she would get her manager(I appreciated her honesty).  She said he was helping someone in basketballs and would be right over.  I walked around the bikes, looked at shoes in the next aisle, about 5 minutes passed.  I looked over toward the basketballs and saw no one.  I walked up to the front of the store where there where 3 male employees all ringing people up, no lines.  The manager was one of them.  I feel that after the manager assisted the customer, he could have passed her over to another cashier and assisted me.  I left the store and no one even noticed.  Poor customer service.  I went to the Chandler Mall store which was a much better experience.
