5	This is a great store. Jamie and crew really go out of their way to serve you the best car and the best rate!
5	It is always a great experiance with Enterprise. I just moved to a new part of town and the enterprise I am closest to is closed saturday and sundays so I had to go to this location. They still came and picked me up and even had to stay a little late to do it they even arranged for me to be able to drop the car off at the location closest to my house.
2	Outside of renting me a car with a cigarette burn on the passenger seat and the gas door cover completely broken off, not too bad an experience. Yes. I stopped to get gas and pressed the gas door cover release button from inside the car and heard a clank and saw the gas cover door rattling against the side of the car hanging by the gas cap cover plastic string... Fortunately the last idiot who rented the car admitted it was his fault or they probably would have charged me. Anyway, just another car rental issue and possible new scam to watch out for: check to make sure the gas door cover is actually connected to the vehicle.... They still charged me full price with these issues, sort or ridiculous IMO.
5	Very pleased with everyone there. Most importantly, they got me in to two rental cars for a friends bachelor party at what ended up costing a fraction of what it would have been if getting a car at the airport.  Much better deal.  Very friendly service and good recommendations on things to do.  Very pleased with their help.
4	Overall great experience. We chose to rent from this Enterprise outlet that's 5 extra minutes away from the big Las Vegas Airport Rental Center, because we could have a weeks rental for $135 instead of $345. Ridiculous discrepancy, but easy pick-up to the further outlet & big savings.Fewer cars to choose from, but we found a nice Elantra that was super-smooth to drive. Only reason for taking off a star is they re-registered the car for the coming year, but forgot to put the 2015 sticker on the license plate. So the plates looked expired and we got pulled over by the cops for it. Once the cop checked and saw it was indeed current, we were on our way. And the very friendly & accommodating salesman immediately apologized, took off a day's rental cost, and quickly replaced the old sticker with the new at a quick trip back to their office. Making sure the plates are current is an important professional point to miss when examining their cars, so one star off...otherwise, ideal.
2	I  didn't like the selection I had to choose from and the insurance was too high $24 and some change.  I won't rent from them again anytime soon.  They have kids as staff which I didn't care for at all, I would have had a better deal if I went to the airport which I didn't want to do, the return to the other office on Paradise was a better place to go and they dropped me off at home.  No I would not recommend
