2	I shop at Big Lots some times because truly their prices can not be beat on certain items, but every time I walk into this location I am waiting for a rat sized cockroach to come up to me and ask me for my wallet with a gang of vicious cockroach sized rats behind him or vice versa!Regardless, this place always looks like a tornado has gone through it, the company as a whole is defiantly not E-verifying their employees because if you ask some one were something is if you get someone that actually speaks English it would be amazing, or just in general someone that would be helpful would be nice too.I have never seen a manager there, and most of the time going through the check out can be a hassle, due to the fact that most of the people on the register look like they just recovered from smoking crack for five years are missing teeth and literally if they can not get the scanner to work, you are in for a long wait. In any event like I said if you want cheap stuff and can deal with the tumbleweeds and dust balls blowing across the isle the venomous packs of cockroach rats and non English speaking staff then Big Lots is for you. On another note this is the best place to by cheap disposable holiday goods i.e. Halloween, Xmas crap!
2	I've heard they officially changed their name to Big Pile of Crap. I'm sorry. I know this is a discount store. I'm not expecting cappuccino and Evian while shopping, though it would be a lovely touch.  But could you sweep the floor? I mean you sell brooms for God's sake. I did score a coffee bean grinder for twelve bucks. But I was covered in cardboard box grime. It's cluttered and hard to navigate the filthy aisles. Really? Is sweeping too much to ask? Listen, if I ever stop by again, I'll bring my Swiffer.
3	This is my first time in a @BigLots, which is similar to a @99centsstores.They have a nice selection of things, and the prices for many items is low.We only bought a few things, but now that I know what they have to offer, I'll certainly be back.
2	I think this is the only Big Lots I've been to in PHX -- and I've only been here twice. It's fairly ghetto, and right next to a sketchy Goodwill. I didn't see it being dirty per se, but I did find it having a bunch of "lower quality" items -- especially in their electronics area, which is to be expected. They did have some outdoor patio furniture, that seemed reasonably priced. I never thought of Big Lots for patio furniture..., but still wouldn't buy that here.
4	This Big Lots is what it is. I have read the past reviews and can't say I agree with many of them. I don't see dirt, dust and cockroaches everywhere when I shop there. Maybe that's because I don't expect a discount store such as this to look like a store at the Scottsdale Fashion Square. If I want to pay the ridiculous prices at the mall, I'll go to the mall. Consider the area in which this Big Lots is located. That part of Thomas Road, including the Home Depot and Wal Mart nearby, is sketchy, and to be expected. I know that when I shop in all of those places and welcome the discounted prices.  So I shop around looking for discounted prices on items I usually buy elsewhere and am always happily surprised at what I find. Yup- I'll be back.
3	Big Lots is a Big Lots is a Big Lots.  Not sure why everyone was so disgusted by it, it wasn't terrible at all.  Same ol' same ol'
3	Good place to find cheap stuff. Pretty good selection of cheap gourmet food items. Be careful though, when you go here you end up buying things that you don't even want/need because you are certain that everything you buy is a deal.
4	I truly appreciate what this store has to offer customers. The staff is friendly and helpful and the store carries almost every item you could think of without looking ridiculous. The prices on most items are insanely low, which is great if you live on a tight budget sometimes.
3	Ok so I understand that this Big Lots isnt exactly located in Scottsdale, I mean most of the time when my husband and I go there they actually have a uniform police officer on duty! Kinda sad really. We go there alot, at least 2-3 times a week. The prices are great, especially the food which is usually why we are there, and the majority of the staff are really great. What I dont like is when we go there directly after work and we are both carrying our laptop bags (with laptops inside) and often my husbands camera bag ( with the very expensive camera inside) and they ask us to leave our bags up front...,yah so not happening! First off what exactly do you think we could possibly steal and fit into any of these already filled bags? Secondly you see us shop here ALOT, have we stolen anything thus far? And most importantly are you gonna actually watch the over $3000 plus in electronics you're asking us to "just leave by the door? " . But here is what REALLY upsets me, its the WAY you ask....like you just know we are planning on robbing you blind, like we are poor and not worthy of any respect. I get it, a lot of people steal from your store. I even get that perhaps its policy and while you know us, you must treat all customers equally and so ask us too to leave our stuff up front. Of course we still would not. We have a system now my hubby and I. He stands up front holding all our stuff while I, empty handed, do the shopping. Still a little respect would be nice. Being so condescending just isnt good customer service :) Other than that, this Big Lots is pretty great. I havent noticed the floor being terribly dirty, but maybe they sweep on the days I go. I dont expect a lot, its Big Lots, not Sears or even.Walmart. I would have given it 5 stars but the nasty way of asking us to leave our bags at the door REALLY bothers me! Change that and its a 5 star experience: )
4	The Macys is amazing, huge and full of products. prices are median, but the settlements on the upper floors are amazing! If you are Brazilian, present your passport and get 10% discount on the purchase and also be exempt from tax!.
