1	My family had gone to this dentist for five years. Every time you go there it appears that their MAIN concern is getting your $$$$. They ask for payment up front, even though we have full dental insurance, and they collect upfront which is unusual. However we went with it. This last time, my small child was having some work done. As usual we were apprised of the cost upfront, and paid upfront what we were quoted. However WHILE MY CHILD WAS UNDER SEDATION, it was determined that some addtl. work needed to be performed. I agreed to this work. The doctor MENNA (the female dentist here)....wanted to STOP THE PROCEDURE and discuss financial arrangements OVER my child's head while he was being worked on. My husband snapped....totally unprofessional, totally inappropriate. It is CLEAR that the ONLY thing they CARE about is getting their hands on my money. Seriously? ALL of this conversation could have been done AFTER the work was completed on my son and we were leaving the office. You do not talk finances, financial arrangements or anything of the sort when you have a small child under sedation. As I said it's not like we were new patients. We had been going here since they opened. This conversation could have WAITED. I found that in the time I went there, that both the dentists first concern was getting your money. Period. Not patient care, and not acting professionally. This is a married couple. Obviously they have a long way to go in learning appropriate treatment standards of care for their patients. I will NEVER go there again, nor would I recommend them to anyone. If you don't mind being treated as nothing more than a wallet, even if you HAVE viable dental insurance coverage's be my guest. But their bedside manner definitely leaves something to be desired. This was the FINAL straw. As a result of this latest incident we are taking all 4 people in my families business elsewhere to a dentist who appreciates their patients. RUDE, Unprofessional, uncooperative, argumentative. Highly inappropriate.
5	I'm so happy with my dentist Dr. V! I've been going there for about 4 years and no complaints. I've had cleanings, fillings, crowns and Clear Correct (like Invisalign) Great staff and great Doctors.  Very happy!
5	Dr. V and his staff are simply wonderful. I've been going for more than 5 years. I have real dread before any dental  procedure. I walk into the office anxious, and the staff have always done an amazing job of not letting me wait and fret. Dr. V spends time to explain things to me before we do anything. I feel their treatment has been incredibly respectful towards my fear of dentists
5	My wife and I have been going to Mona Lisa for 9 years and getting first rate care from the wonderful doctors and staff. They practice pragmatic dental care and don't push unnecessary work. We first went there after my wife (after a few years of not seeing a dentist) was given a dental plan requiring $15,000 worth of work at another place. We went to Mona Lisa for a second opinion, and they identified some of the same issues but with a more reasonable plan of action requiring only $2000. Nine years later, we both have great teeth and keep going back to Mona Lisa to make sure they stay that way.Both Dr. Vallecillo and Dr. Menna are genuinely nice, kind people in addition to being very good at their work. It's never a pleasure going to the dentist, but it almost kind of is at Mona Lisa.By the way, we've never been asked for payment up front, though they do request insurance information up front like other doctors offices do.
