1	I have been here a couple times and have gotten good gel manicures, but this last time was awful! The towels on the counter looked like they were used for the last client, the utensils didn't look like they just came out of the sterilized bag and the nail tech cut my cuticle so badly that it bled the entire time. And she didn't use anything to stop the bleeding except for the questionable towel. I was ready to walk out but since I just needed the polish I assumed I would be fine. Once done painting she was filing my nails to remove excess polish, at this point she also used her nails to push under mine and pushed so hard that she made made the cuticle under my nail bleed. I will definitely not be back and I do not recommend this place.
1	This was about my fifth time here. I was welcomed in, I told them I wanted a full set and pedi, everyone was all smiles until about a 1/4 of the way in to my pedi. Then all of a sudden it was too late to do the full set, mind you this is after my pinky nail was cut and filed. I was asked to come back the following day. Wwwooowww. Two different ladies started and stopped working on my nails. I was confused, the guy doing my toes was confused. The guy (henery) doing my toes was awesome, did a great job and gave an amazing and thankfully calming massage and assured me I would be taken care of. I'm still here untaken care of so we'll see........... Ok so i did finally end up getting my nails finished. One lady started them by doing the powder which she piled on about a quarter of an inch thick.  she made me very uncomfortable , she was rough, rude and demanding. I didn't feel like a customer I felt like I was bothering her. Any ways Kelly my regular nail lady took over and  finished me up and did an amazing job , she is amazing she stayed later then every one and because of her I will come back only because it's around the corner.  But I wont be recommend this place to anyone unless it's convenient. If you can go elsewhere go.
5	I love this place! I am so picky about my fills and they get it right every time. Mary is my favorite here but honestly, I've had my nails done by a few of the techs and they always do a great job - my fills last and they don't lift which has been a problem at other places. Also, I can't say enough about the personal attention and service you get - the last time I came in, I wanted an ombre sparkle tip I had seen on Pinterest. They took the time to find exactly the right base color and sparkles so that my nails looked exactly the same as in the picture... talk about great service! Plus, everything here is new and very clean... highly recommended!
5	This place is amazing Ive been going here the past few months to get my gel set and pedi. Super clean, nice and friendly.... highly recommended!
5	I have been to a couple of other nail places since moving here, I like this one the best.  Very reasonable, with an ala carte menu as well as packages.  Each time I have been here they have accommodated me as a walk in pedi, and were very professional, polite, and thorough.  The tools and bowls are sanitized, and the place is clean.  I am not super picky about how even the polish is, or how many colors they have etc., but they do a nice job all around.Kudos to the men and women of this profession who scrub and clean peoples feet for a living.  This place is usually packed and these people bust their tails doing a service that hands down belongs on that "World's Worst Jobs" tv show.
5	I was there for my first time, to get my nails done for my homecoming dance. When I was done I was very happy because it looked so beautiful and just how I wanted them. I will defiantly  be coming back and recommending this place to all my friends and family.
5	Always friendly! Love the liners for the pedicure bowls! Great prices! Congrats on your one year anniversary!
5	First time here and I love it!! I love the liners that they have in the tub- super clean! The ladies here are all very sweet. I will definitely be coming back!
1	My experience was horrible.  I was one of the first clients to arrive in the morning.  I was immediately seated in a chair for my pedicure.  The water was cold and was not asked if I was okay with that.  The nail tech was rude and rushed the pedicure to move on to one of her regular clients.  No base coat or top coat was applied to my nails.  I had to request more than one coat of nail polish and ask for a top coat.  The Bottom of my feet were scrubbed for about 30 seconds and toes were not filed evenly.  What a waste of money!!!!
5	I have been going to Tiana's nails every two weeks for acrylic fills and pedicures since they opened last year. I have never once had a bad experience. The salon is very clean, the people are extremely friendly, and prices are average. I have gone to many other nail salons over the past few years and this one is by far the best. There are a few bad reviews but I just can't understand why....if your water is not hot enough, simply ask them to warm it up and they always do!  I would recommend them to anyone. Best nail salon in town
