1	FAIL!!This Filibertos openend recently in place of Church's chicken. They still seem to be having problems with the chef as I walked in on the conversation where the teller was explaining to the cook how to make the chicken. Not a good sign at all. I decided to get the green chile as I typically do, it came out in less than 2 mins (not a good sign at all). Wow the chef had just gone to task with adding salt and making the chicken mushy. Royal fail .. Avoid like a plague.. I know its a filibertos but atleast get the franchise recipe down. Now as to the freshness of the product.. well that is something I never question at a Filibertos
4	Finally a Filiberto's around the corner from the house. I was a little worried because of the 1 star review, fortunately when I went it was your typical Fili goodness!
1	This place is terrible. The beef must have been pink slime. Go to Nando's across the street. They are not fast food but much better quality.
2	This store is in the old Churches building close to home on the SE corner of Power and McDowell.  Had a breakfast bacon burrito this morning and had good service through the drive through.  I added potatoes to the burrito but it stilled lacked flavor (did have a lot of bacon in it and that didn't help either).  I added two of the hot sauces and it was enough.  This location has been open for about 2 years now, seems steady busy.  Food and a drink for $7, wasn't worth it.  Had no taste...
2	Should have believed the old but correct Yelp reviews.  Yes this is a Filibertos but it is literally inside the gas station market.  They had specials listed on the board by the cash register and I pointed to the Green Chili Burrito special.  I paid and stepped aside then saw the drink included in the ad and inquired.  The cashier said I needed to order the special to get the drink and the burrito in that special is much smaller.   I asked to change to the special and he responded that it was different and not possible, probably since the order was already being worked.  Oh well...For my $4.80 it was finely chopped meat, green sauce and flour tortilla
1	Unhappy, cold food. Half the time there is unfriendly clerk charging different pricing. Cheese did not even melt on rolled tacos and the guacamole is on the right side so you can't pick them up! Apparently every one is left handed. 2-3 years and still can't get their act together. What a shame!!!
5	It was strange to have a burrito shop inside a gas station, but that doesn't really detract from the food. The place is clean and service is really quick. The lady that served me was nice as well; she was polite and gave my order with no problems. I ordered an Arizona burrito which only took about 5 minutes; it was nice, hot and fresh.If you don't mind eating at a gas station, then Filiberto's is a good place to get some authentic Mexican food.
1	I felt horrible after eating my carne asada burrito here last time. Being in a gas station isn't what bothered me. For about $1.50 more chipotle is right across the street. Not worth it to me for what they charge for burritoes, especially compared to the nearby chipotle. Even the mcdonalds nearby is still doing business though, so I guess that needs to be considered too. Could be much better, and could be worse too I guess. Definitely better alternatives nearby with more reasonable pricing that serve higher quality food.
