4	The pharmacy has always been great to us! I have a son who has to take an array of medications and if ever there is an issue they always make sure he doesn't run out. They go the extra mile to make phone calls and fax. It sometimes takes an extra day but who is to say that is the Dr or the Pharmacy. If he has run out they will give him an emergency supply which has been a lifesaver at times. This is one pharmacy I can't live without.Now a question...What is it with Walgreen's I can't leave the store without buying $50 worth of junk...I swear the kids come in and I leave with a bunch of stuff I don't need. WEIRD???
3	Pretty standard Walgreen - no complaints, but nothing that will set this one apart from the other good Walgreens locations. The staff was friendly.  I got a few cards a some mints for my desk at work and it was easy enough to find everything and it was all clean and organized in each aisle. Overall: B+I have nothing bad to say about this location - hit them up if you need something quick from a Walgreens!
1	Just make sure to keep track of any controlled prescription rx's you have! Mine have mysteriously disappeared before. Multiple times. Saying that they were picked up when they were not (they happen to be very specific Rx's that require background info etc and are very monitored). Additionally, they hardly ever have anything come in their orders when they are supposed to... Adding days to the wait. They constantly give me generic when I specifically request name brand and vice versa, which makes no sense. I only do request this in certain items, so that's a but frustrating. There's one or two nice people that work in the pharmacy, but the amount of issues I've had here, I won't be returning.
5	I never thought I would review a walgreens but I have to say, the person that helped me today actually made my day better. He greeted me at the door, asked me what I needed help with, helped me find it, pointed me in the location of a fabulous breakfast place and made sure I knew where I was going. A++++ customer service. My receipt says #06534 next to the location in case that is his number-- he was great!
5	Nice wal-greens, courteous staff. Has everything you'll need. Five stars because the staff was so kind.
