5	WOW! Talk about strange! My boyfriend and I stopped in on one of the first nice days of the season, because it was so beautiful we seated ourselves outside. Between the menu and the daily specials it was difficult to decide what to order. After a lot of thought I decided to go for (this is where it get strange, as I read the 1st review I experienced deja vu) butternut squash lasagna and my companion followed the advice of our waitress and ordered the eggplant parm on top polenta and a bed of lemony spinach. Everything was absolutely delicious. The lasagna was so creamy and cooked to perfection. The sprig of fresh basil on top was a nice and refreshing touch. Justin's eggplant was also transcendent - my first experience eating polenta was lackluster and kind of scared me off for a bit but after eating TFC's I'm totally a fan. The combination of the slightly sweet sauce, tartness of the lemon spinach and melted cheese was incredible. I can't wait to go back.
2	This is a great little cafe in a terrible location, but I hope for the best as businesses try to resurrect this area.  I hope it sticks.The cafe was cute and comfortable.  A small bar area seats about 8-10.  A back patio is great if you happen to be out with your pooch and want to stop in.For a late dinner, we were presented with a dinner menu that had about 5-8 choices for the day.  Everything on the menu sounded good.  Snooty food....my kind of food.  A dinner salad preceded our meal that was mixed greens with a raspberry vinaigrette with shaved Parmesan.  Not bad.  Not much to it, but not bad.  For my entree, I ordered the portabella mushroom stuffed with corn risotto surrounded with red beet and cabbage slaw.  Sounds amazing, right?  It was bland.  Could have been a fabulous meal, but it was definitely lacking something.  My mom ordered the black bean zucchini burrito.  It looked beautiful, but again, the taste was lacking.I give them an A for effort.  The cafe is great and the menu presentation is awesome.  The food just needs some more flavor.We need more places like this in the area.  I really hope they stick around.
4	I've been here a few times.  Nice and quiet. Sweet employees.  A good place for a first date.  Went Friday night after leaving Macy's around 9:20pm. Thought it was open after seeing the front door open and few people sitting around the bar. They close at 9:00 but let me in for a meal.  Good ...because I was one starvin Marvin.  Ordered the butternut squash lasagna w/ side salad (now $12.95) and a Tom Collins(from the bar) for JUST $3.95.  The guy was honest about "not being a bartender and using a mixed drink book".  Heck, his drink was wayyyyyy better than any bar around Pittsburgh.
5	Went here for dinner last month (just getting to the review now). Our great waitress told us the special was "Brews and Fondue." Basically, you order a beer, you get a free fondue appetizer. Didn't have to tell me twice! I got the Imperial Pumpkin Ale and my sister got a nice sized glass of Pinot Grigio. Our fondue came out with a tea light to keep it warm which I thought was adorable. Our waitress also made sure we got extra bread for the fondue!For dinner we split the portobella with corn risotto and squash with quinoa. Everything was great. The vegetables were fresh and seasoned nicely. My spinach was cooked perfectly. The place was quiet for a Friday night but I think if more people knew about it it would be more popular!Total cost for free fondue, two beers, one glass of wine, and two entrees: $39. What a deal!  Will definitely go back.
4	I am a tad surprised to see this Vegetarian restaurant in Homestead.  While it is not Vegan, it does have some fully Vegan options.  The smells were good, but I didn't come in for food.  While they do have a full bar, I came in for some hot drinks.  They have a fairly large compliment of boutique teas that you can mix and I will eventually return to get a Jasmine-Oolong blend.  Today I just ordered a Hot Apple Cider.  Good cider in a good business.  I wish it were in a better location.  What makes the location bad?  Not a lot of parking.
5	Enjoyed very much.     Veg chili tasty.   A good quesadilla w mushroom and spinach about $8.   Lovely people.  Free newspapers to read. Nice kitchen store attached.  Menu is per day.  Little patio in back and bar in front.     Looking forward to next visit.    Just a few blocks from waterfront shopping area.
5	This is an excellent restaurant in up and coming Homestead.  Run by Daniel and Ellie  this place is truly a joy.  The food is fresh (TFC promotes locally grown ingredients), and the menu is ecletic without going over the top.  The place has a casual but chic feel and the prices are very reasonable.  TFC has an open air courtyard in the back and excellent art on the wall, many of the pieces from David Lewis, CMU Architecture professor and local artist.  David's wife, Judy runs an excellent kitchen store next door.   This is one of the few restaurants in Pittsburgh where the food actually makes me feel good an hour later.  Its common to have a good meal, but few places make you so happy for having eaten there.  Last night we had what has to be the best Tamales in Pittsburgh-- corn meal filled with spicy black beans and cliantro, and, ratatouille over a bed of polenta and sauteed spinach, and baked brie topped with orange puree and walnuts.   My wife had a dinner size spinach salad.  All four were top notch, nicely presented without being pretentious and the portions were perfect.  I would rather eat here than swanky Eleven where they turn up their noses, serving minuscule portions  dragged out over many hours, presenting a bombshell bill at the end.  For my taste, I might call TFC the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Not for the views, not because the wait staff and the tables wear white linen, and not for the wine list.  But for the imaginative, creative menu and bang for the buck, this restaurant is hard to beat.
4	Partner and I headed down last night before Harry Potter 7.2!  What a lovely surprise!Atmosphere is probably the best part of this place.  Very chill euro cafe feel with a hybrid alcohol/espresso bar, tables in the back, a back patio and live jazz DJ.Food comes in a close second.  2-3 salads at $6-8, couple of apps and 4-5 entrees from $10-15.  Goes without saying it is all vegetarian and they are very careful to ask if you want cheese or anything else in case you are vegan.Partner had the kale and black eyed peas over grits, her favorite dish to make!  It was a large portion, and fairly tasty.  I had the corn risotto over a portabello cap with sauteed spinach.  Dear chef: don't be afraid to use salt!  Especially if you don't put it on the tables!  Both dishes were tasty and inventive but frankly they were tempting fate with the big "B" word!  Just wasn't as satisfying as vegetarian and vegan food can be.  That slight misfire is all that kept me from giving 5 stars.Oh, and they have a full bar!  The martinis looked good but we went with beer, with about 10 decent selections.  Wine list is a bit less inspired with 4 grocery store by the glass offerings.Service was excellent, we basically had two servers attending to our every need.  Can be a bit loud!  We'll be back for sure!
2	The cafe is cute; the back patio is nice, and the decor inside is artsy without being TOO artsy.The service was really, really slow. I was there with two friends -- we were the only customers in the whole place, and it took us two hours to get through the meal. 30 minutes for a salad, an hour for an appetizer (which came after the salad, because they forgot about it), and then an hour and a half for our dinners.  They were insistent that we order alcohol, even though none of us drinks. They had three or four alcohol menus, and instead of bringing them all at once, they waited and brought a new one every time we refused an old one. "Are you sure you don't want something from the bar?" Yes, for the third time, we're sure. We ordered the baked brie as an appetizer, which was very tasty. I had the corn risotto in mushroom caps, which was good, if very bland. I agree with another reviewer - the kitchen should use some salt on these! My side to this dish was some spinach in vinegar. It was cold, pungent, and not at all what I expected from "sauteed spinach" on the side. I couldn't even stand the first bite and nearly had to spit it out. My companions seemed to enjoy their black bean burritos. The kitchen was not accommodating to a customization without tomatoes. It might be worth it if you're going here for some music and appetizers. I probably won't be going back, though.
4	Attending a show at the nearby Carnegie Music Hall and not wanting to eat at the nearby  Water-(Let's-buy-goods-made-in-China-in-chain-stores-located-on-the-site-where-a-steel-mill-that-paid-union-wages-used-to-be) front, I decided to stop here for a bite beforehand.  I've got nothing against chain restaurants, but I needed a little break from your P.F. Chang's and Dave & Busters of the world.  But be advised--Tin Front is a vegetarian, but by no means vegan place.  A lot of their stuff has eggs and/or cheese.  Me, I went for the apple & cheddar grilled cheese with a side of home fries & red peppers.  No I'm not switching to a vegetarian diet, but who'd ever thought that vegetarian chow could be comfort food?Tin Front doubles up as a coffeehouse too, so I'm gonna have to come back here some time for some Joe.
4	I was visiting Pittsburg from out of town and had to find vegan food within walking distance of the Carnagie Music Hall and this was one of the 2 places that came up. I walked by it at first because it just looked like a coffee house but I came back and it has a full (small) menu and an AWESOME bar.  I got a delicious ratatouille that was made fresh by very nice people and a local microbrew stout while I waited for it.  They infuse their own vodka there and have drinks like apple pie martinis with fresh whipped cream on top.
2	Had lunch there today. It was ok. Nice staff ok menu . Had veggie chili did not have the consistency of chili too thick it was more like ratatouille in a bowl good taste though. It was served with French bread that was a little on the stale side some organic blue corn chips a much better choice and more Tex Mex style. Next had the spinach portabello moz cheese quesadilla really good. Bad choice of hot sauce that it is served with. They use sriracha hot chili sauce not really good with once again Tex Mex dish.  cholula a Mexican hot sauce better choice for both dishes or even Texas Pete or make your own not hard . The hot sauce they serve is great with asian style , and yes it matters. Would prob go back if someone really really wanted to go and talked me into it,  but prob will not they have some kinks to fix.
5	Wow. Oh, wow. Upon stumbling into Tin Front Cafe on a Saturday morning, half asleep, sans coffee I seriously forgot what city I was in for a good 5 seconds. I rarely come to Homestead, and I can kick myself for not coming here earlier.Classical music, eclectic artwork and tin sculptures, and a killer outdoor patio make this place a quiet oasis from noisy 8th street. There is a SF, kick back vibe that just gives you a hug and hands you a frothy Soy Cap, which was one of the best I have ever had. So.....now on to the food.Magical frattata with goat cheese and fresh veggies- pepper and tomato. The use of real butter was a stand out here, and I appreciated the modest usage of it. I left with my belly full, but not to the point where I could not stand. What a great experience.I will be back soooooon, with many hungry friends in tow. :)
4	Stopped down for some breakfast - first time and definitely not the last.  I recently just stopped eating meat, so this was perfect.  There were so many delicious things to choose from on the menu.  I ordered the fried egg sandwich, which came on home made bread (light and crusty, delicious) with provolone and arugula and home fries (potatoes, a little spicy, but tasty).  My friend ordered the breakfast burrito which came stuffed with cheddar cheese, some type of chili and home fries.  She said that it was also a little spicy.  Our check came with chocolate covered coffee beans, how cute.Can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner! I agree with the other reviews, it does take a while before the food arrives.  There were only 2 other tables with people.  However, I think that goes with the feel of the cafe - more time to relax and shoot the breeze.
4	After a successful visit to Smoke Taqueria (directly across the street), we felt compelled to give Homestead another shot and visited Tin Front Cafe on 8th Ave in the heart of Homestead.First impressions are important and Tin Front succeeded in providing a welcoming, bright, and fresh ambiance.  Very cool to see that the pieces of tin (from the roof) were repurposed to cover the front of bar and also doubled as eclectic wall sconces too!We were seated shortly after walking in and presented with their lunch menu.  We sat near the kitchen service window and were fortunate enough to see many of the listings before ordering.It was a cold day and the vegetarian chili sounded like a great way to start.  Even though it took a little longer than expected to come out of the kitchen, I'd say it was worth the wait!   A steaming bowl of hearty chili, loaded with veggies, topped with cheddar cheese, and a single slice of soft fresh bread.  (Might suggest Tin serve with a second piece of bread, considering the portion size). I would have been content with just this!Onto the main event - we both ordered the grilled portobello sandwich.  The sandwich is served with a generous side of mixed greens and (what tastes to be) homemade dressing - very tasty!  The bread was toasted to perfection with just enough char for additional flavor.All-in-all, a great venue and good value.  We'll plan to return, as there were other menu items that looked great!  AND they have a small outdoor patio and happy hour 5-7pm everyday ...  is it spring yet!?!
5	We really enjoyed dinner here. The menu has several things we wanted to try. We settled for black bean hummus, four bean chili, ratatouille over polenta (with sauteed spinach) and ginger carrot risotto stuffed portabello (also with sauteed spinach). Both entrees were served with a dinner salad.Fresh food, clean restaurant - great night out!
5	Seriously folks, I'm not messin' around when I say this is one of thee best meals I've had in the Burgh!  Forget that they're all vegetarian, forget that it could potentially be "off the beaten path" in Homestead, just remember to get your booty there fast!Everything from the cute little ambiance (hello back courtyard in the spring!), the adorable owner and the scrumptious food... I just couldn't get enough!  To start I ordered the Pumpkin Martini.  When I think Pumpkin drink, I'm thinking creamy, but this was light but spicy and all around delicious with a cinnamon rim.  For an app we ordered the brie plate with fresh fruit on top and an ah-mazing loaf of bread that just HAD to be house made.  I really wanted to gobble the entire loaf down, the ENTIRE!For dinner I ordered the risotto in a portabella cap on a bead of greens. This sounds like a simple dish, but it was anything but!  The risotto was creamy with a light texture of what I believe was cheddar and possibly parm cheese.  The cap was grilled to perfection.  But the greens...something you'd almost toss on as a garnish, were cooked to perfection with a delicious lemon garlic sauce.  WOW!  I almost wanted to as how they cooked it because I wanted to recreate it at home (even though I knew I probably couldn't, let's be honest!).  Everything.  Just... WOW!  Toss in the half off shots when the fire bells alarm and we had a magical evening at Tin Front.  Oh wait, add one extremely friendly owner and you've got an amazing restaurant.  I will most certainly be back...maybe like tomorrow!
5	The butternut squash bisque was devine. My wife loved her quiche.
5	The dinner options are all very tasty.  They start w/ nice sized salads followed by decent sized entrees.  I am impressed by the options (vegan, gluten free) and flavors, which change frequently.  The squash bisque was very delicious and the chocolate fondue was vegan. Nice martini options. Reasonably priced.  My omnivorous friends loved it too.
5	Awesome service, beautiful decor, great vegetarian food, which is still hard to find in the 'burg.  We sat outside in their courtyard patio.  Definitely recommended!
5	What a great spot for brunch!  We just visited for the first time and really enjoyed ourselves. For $12 you get an entree (we had the quiche and a burrito) and an array of buffet items, which today included home fries, chili and fixings, corn muffins and chocolate chip muffins, chocolate chip cookies, salad, melons, coffee, juice and iced teas! There is a full bar so you can add a drink to your meal. I got the Bloody Mary with house-infused habanero and cilantro vodka. It was perfect, with a little bite! The ambience was great, with the back of the restaurant opened up to the lovely patio and the skylights letting in lots of sun. I can't wait to bring friends here!  Yes, it's all vegetarian or vegan but I do believe all tastes can be accommodated.
5	Tin Front Cafe is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I may be biased because I am a vegetarian, but I have brought a ton of my non vegetarian friends and they equally enjoyed it and most times didn't believe they were eating a vegetarian meal.  The food is amazing, great prices, the homemade vodka infusions are amazing, the service is great, the atmosphere is fun, and the chili will require return visits to satisfy cravings.  A must in pittsburgh.  Do know that they cook everything fresh, so sometimes it can be a little on the slower side.  I find this to be a good thing, but if you are in a hurry, maybe not the best place for you.
3	We arrived here two hours before a concert at the nearby Carnegie Library Music Hall.  We were the first diners to arrive.  I ordered their ratatouille which was served on a bed of polenta, and my wife their butternut squash lasagna.  The accompanying salads were reasonably sized and tasty.   Our entrees were both very good.  I'm the sweets lover in the family and I thought the butternut squash lasagna was almost sweet enough to have as dessert, but my wife disagreed.  If this review were just based on the food, I would give them an additional star, but service was a problem.  Our waitress was the only waitress, and she was very overtaxed.  Most of the tables had filled up after we had arrived, and all but one had emptied before we left.  Our big mistake was to ask for a dish of ice cream and two double espressos.  When we ordered them, we had been there an hour and 20 minutes.  Our waitress got busy getting all the other diners their bills and after a half hour we flagged her down and said to forget the ice cream and espresso and just bring us the check. There appears to be only three people who work there; 2 in the kitchen and 1 (our waitress) in the dining room.  While that may be good economically, one person can not provide proper service to their entire dining room.   Also, their wine list needs help.  They listed a Georges Debouff Beaujolais Nouveau, 2011 as being from California.  And it actually was the 2011 vintage.  I ordered their Pinot Noir instead.  I had been forewarned that I should not necessarily expect the actual wine on the list, just the type (Pinot Noir, Merlot, etc.)  The waitress returned with a single glass of wine.  I told her I wanted a bottle for my wife & I.  We got our bottle of Vampire Pinot Noir.  We might return if we are in the area, especially in warm weather when we could sit outside in their cozy looking patio, but only if we have no where to be by a specific time.
5	The food here is excellent.  I often find myself here for Sunday brunch.Get the chili.  Also there is a sandwich with goganzola I really like.The service is often very good but the food can take a while to show up.  I think they make everything to order so it seems to take a little extra time.  The waitress has always been very friendly and attentive.
5	A vegetarian restaurant that also has a full bar? Yes!!! But, that's not all. Tin Front Cafe also has delicious and fresh vegetarian food with a full bar serving drinks made from house infused vodka. I would highly recommend this place and look forward to going back for brunch.
5	What am incredible place. My dissertation advisor invited me to come saying it was one of his favorites. I can see why! Great vegetarian selections which were healthy but also tasty! I am not normally a coffee drinker but theirs was great! They also have a full bar with interesting infused vodkas, although I wasn't able to try one because it was brunch time... The owner of the Annex Cookery next door is a delight. The items she sells are very unique and well-designed. I will definitely return. Great to see business owners who are interested in investing in the redevelopment the Homestead community. The artwork is great too! Definitely a favorite...
5	Great valentine's day spot! Vegan/vegetarian options and super fresh ingredients. My new favorite! The restaurant itself wasn't crowded at all, but there were people at the bar. Super nice for us, since we didn't want to be stuck in a crowded restaurant on February 14. The staff were really sweet and friendly, and they had a decent wine/beer/cocktail list. We ordered the black bean hummus, which was a very generous serving and it tasted freshly made. For entrees, m
5	Incredible vegetarian dishes, real gem of a restaurant, salads are great!
3	It was good. Not amazing, but good. It is quite cozy too. It's good enough where if I lived close by, I'd be a regular, but otherwise it'll probably be an occasional stop-in. If you're a vegetarian, it's definitely worth checking out.
4	Great lunch. I had a cup of chili and the black bean hummus sandwich. Tasted great, very good presentation. Sitting in the patio, which is in the back, I could not hear the traffic. I was able to park on the street right in front. I will back for dinner!
3	This was my second time here.  Overall, it's A-OK in my book.The salads are fresh and quite tasty.  For dinner, I've tasted a little bit of everything.  My favorite though is the squash lasagna.  Just add a little salt, and it is great!  On most of the dishes, I find myself having to add salt to get some more flavor.  So flavor is a little bland here, but hey it's healthy and vegetarian! However, service here can be ridiculously slow, even when there is hardly anyone in the place.  Hence the 3 stars.  I would go back for sure though.
5	Amazing vegetarian cafe! Quite with a nice patio in the courtyard out back. It's a great place to take the kids for some delicate grilled cheeses, or your friends for a delicious dinner and drink. The owners of this, and the Annex Cookery, believe in the revitalization of their community of Homestead. --That right there is why you buy local, wherever your locale!
5	Just an update.  The food here is still excellent and the staff has not changed.  Highly recommended.
3	This niche little restaurant in Homestead caters to the true vegetarian.  My husband had the Ratatouille and I had the Butternut Squash Lasagna - both were quite tasty.  The baked brie was a nice change for most appetizers however their bread needs a bit more substance.  They bake it themselves and it comes out perfect in every way but just needs a touch of something special - some character - to make it more thank just white/Italian bread.  Wine was disappointing.  I had their house Merlot - it was just eh.  Hubby had the Kenwood Chardonnay. I'd probably get a beer next time.
5	Excellent chili,  black bean hummus and lasagna.  Coming from a non-vegetarian, this vegetarian restaurant is really good.
5	I love this place!  It's so cute and the owner is so friendly and sweet.   It's relaxed and casual, but still serves up excellent vegetarian fare and they have a full bar.  It's a great spot for weekend brunch or date night.  The backdoor patio is cozy with cool art and plants.   I've enjoyed every meal I've had there.  Veggie food represent!
4	I liked this place. Had to convince my fiance it's ok not to eat meat sometimes. I am a coffee snob and they had great coffee!  Try their brunch!
3	The menu was great! All vegetarian. They infuse their own vodka and the tea I had was delicious. Unfortunately everything our table of 6 ordered was under seasoned. We had ratatouille, kale and grits, butternut squash lasagna, black bean hummus, baked Brie and the beet risotto. Everything was almost really good but very underseasoned and lacking flavor. We had to ask for salt, pepper and hot sauce. The staff was very friendly and the prices were great however and I would return based on other reviews to see if it was just an off night. I also wish they had a printed out beer, wine and specialty cocktail list.
4	I don't know how I managed to just visit this cafe for the firs time after having lived in Pittsburgh for four years, and having been a vegetarian for twenty. Nice to go out to eat and be able to choose from anything on the menu, rather than find the one vegetarian thing on the menu.My husband had been here for lunch, but for some reason it just hadn't made it on to our dinner circuit yet. So glad we made it, because we'll definitely be frequent patrons now!I have a hard time describing the decor inside, but it was perfect.... clean looking, modern paint and decor.... just a very nice ambiance, jazz playing, & nice lighting. We went in on a Saturday night around 5pm, and there was a table of six already there, and another couple came in later. I like that it was NOT loud, busy and crazy in this restaurant. So relaxing, and calm. Our waiter was friendly. I can agree with other reviews that said the service was slow, so I wouldn't go if you are in a rush. My husband said he went on lunch break once and was 45 minutes late getting back to work. The service wasn't that slow when we were there, but it definitely wasn't speedy. This isn't something I mind though. It was more of a chance to enjoy the environment, and spend time talking.Our food was pretty amazing, and the portion sizes were big. We started baked brie. This was seasonally done, with cinnamon, clove and apple. This was my favorite part of the meal! So delish. For entrees, I had the perogie lasagna and my husband had the quiche. After such a large appetizer, I was only able to eat half of my entree but my husband still had room to devour his entire plate. Perogie lasagna was gooey, hot and definitly a winter comfort food.  I noticed on the menu online perogie lasagna isn't listed... so maybe they change things up slightly for the seasons? I think anyone could find something they like on the menu really. It's worth the drive if you want to find someplace new to eat. It's definitely worth checking out if you are already in the Waterfront and don't want to eat at a big chain restaurant.
4	Great food and great service! I will definitely make it a point to go back. The perogie lasagna was amazing :D
4	Taste: yum. Service: friendly. Presentation: unappetizing. We had carrot ginger risotto, very tasty but arrived in a large loaf-like lump. Also pierogi lasagna, tasty but colorless and not appealing to look at. Salads were very good, the infused vodka cocktail very nice. Will try them again.
3	Winter 2012 I organized a dinner at the Tin Front Cafe with my Meetup group, Pittsburgh Dining N' At, and it was truly one of the very BEST MEALS of my life! I had this butternut squash lasagna that was a slice of heaven on a plate! Super-delicious. They have a full bar, plus gourmet coffee drinks. In warmer weather, there is also outdoor seating in a back patio. They have repurposed many materials from the old Chioto's Bar in Homestead, including the actual BAR TOP itself and the old tin roof! This gives the place a wonderful charm and local flavor. The restaurant's owners and staff went out of their way to accommodate our group, and the service was superb. I would highly recommend this place to everyone. Their food totally ROCKED MY WORLD!Summer of 2013 I went to Tin Front Cafe with a friend and sat in the outside patio out back. The food, ambiance and service were wonderful. My friend's boyfriend is a vegetarian, and she was excited to bring him there sometime in the future.Winter 2014 I went to Tin Front Cafe on a Saturday night in February. They were hosting a party, which was just ending. I think they were distracted by the party because I had to go and ask the waiter to take our order when we were ready, and my glorious butternut squash lasagna was nothing like I remembered on my previous visits. It was, dare I say it, MEDIOCRE! Where was my slice of heaven on a plate? I don't know what happened. Maybe they were distracted by the party, but it was disappointing. But, my friend really enjoyed her four-bean chili, and the black bean hummus was delicious, as usual. So, not a total loss.My friend ordered a beer, but I decided to get a margarita. I noticed that it was extraordinarily SWEET! It was good, but I wasn't expecting it to be quite so sweet. On the way out, I asked how it was made. I asked if they used freshly squeezed lime juice or some type of margarita mixer. They used a bottle of mixer. I asked to see the bottle, and let me tell you I was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED to see that the second ingredient was HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP! The mixer also had ARTIFICIAL FOOD COLORING (blue) in it! I was expecting better from a vegetarian restaurant. The waiter assured me that they don't use artificial food coloring in their food, ONLY THE MIXED DRINKS! Well, I'm a bit of a health nut, and I avoid artificial food coloring like the plague. If I had known they were using a cheap margarita mixer from a bottle, I most definitely would NOT have ordered that drink. I would have gotten a different drink or just a beer. For a restaurant that is known for serving healthful food, I expected better. Two years ago, or last summer, I would have given Tin Front Cafe 5 stars. After Saturday night, I'm going down to three stars. My butternut squash lasagna was not very good this time, and the artificial food coloring and high fructose corn syrup in the margarita mixer were a bummer. Is it really that much more expensive to buy actual lime juice? I know fresh squeezed lime juice would really be expensive, but why can't they buy bottles of real lime juice or lime juice concentrate instead of cheap mixers with high fructose corn syrup and artificial food coloring? It would be nice to see all natural ingredients  in EVERYTHING, including the drinks, in a vegetarian restaurant that claims to be offering healthy cuisine. Maybe my expectations are too high. Sigh.
5	Lots of great vegetarian options.  Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is pretty laid back.  Great for dinner or Sunday brunch.
4	I wish this was in the squirrel hill/oakland area, since that area is mostly where we end up going if we have to eat out. But the food is great. I have always enjoyed sitting in the patio outside for an early summer dinner before catching a movie at the water front.
5	It was very good. We had chili, macaroni and cheese, and butternut squash lasagna. The people were friendly and the service was good.
5	Outstanding food and great service. A very personal environment with a great outdoor seating area. They use all natural and locally grown ingredients so you leave satisfied and not feeling like crummy. Too often I leave restaurants feeling weighed down and as though I ate a brick. They have a wonderful Sunday brunch!
4	I've gone to the Tin Front Cafe a number of times for the Sunday brunch, and I have yet to be disappointed. This place is in the upper echelon of brunch spots in Pittsburgh. With the brunch you get a cooked-to-order entree and unlimited access to the buffet. The entrees are constantly changing - and the assemblage of offerings always includes a vegan option(s). It seems like an eternity before the entree arrives. I guess the chef is really into slow foods. I'm usually not too upset by the wait - I bide my time by filling up on the delectable buffet food. I kind of go ape over the vegan chocolate chip muffins - excellent vegetarian chili as well. Yum!
5	Food was amazing and deliscious. The salads were fresh and tasty and the black bean hummus was perfectly seasoned (not too garlicky but full of flavor). The butternut squash lasagna was perfect and flavorfull and so yummy. The carrot ginger risotto was cooked perfectly and the carrots, onions, and ginger added wonderful flavor. Nothing was oversalted. The food came quickly, was super fresh, hot, and portions were perfect. The server was very friendly. The outdoor patio was lovley and the decor was charming. Also the cookies were yummy!
5	I am a VERY happy vegan!   From the black bean hummus to the ratatouille over polenta our meal was absolutely amazing!  The food was fresh and  beautifully  prepared.  The staff was warm and friendly... We will most definitely be back!
3	I feel as if they could have a lot of potential. I  got the Bree cheese platter and it had a very awful taste to it. I also had the butternut squash lasagna. It was very good but you could tell it was not made that day and had to reheat it in the oven or micro wave. I would like to go back and try the brunch.
2	I'm super let down by Tin Front.I'm going to give them a pass and revisit the next time I'm in Homewood, but my guess is my experience was "meh" for several reasons.1.  Odd time (4pm)2.  Lunch (vs. dinner)3.  Service issuesBased on others' reviews, I was excited to grab an early dinner prior to a meeting in the area.  After waiting for 10 minutes for someone to actually pay attention to me, I was met with one of the most awkward exchanges I've ever had.A man (couldn't tell if he was the owner, a server, a bartender, etc.) just randomly appeared and didn't really say anything.  After I was able to confirm he was in fact associated with the restaurant, apparently we never did connect on exactly how to order food (i.e. sit down at a table with service, order at the bar, etc.).  After almost walking out on the exchange, I finally placed an order for an arugula salad and coffee at the bar and grabbed a seat at a table.The saving grace that rescues Tin Front is that the food was decent.  Nothing that blew me away, but definitely a solid offering.  I wish that the dinner menu would have been available, because many of the options online did look quite appetizing.Either way, the experience stands as-is.  Until I get a chance to revisit this joint, it'll sit as a 2-star in my book.
5	What a hidden gem in Homestead!  I've been meaning to stop in and try the Tin Front Cafe for a while now.   I finally got the opportunity tho sample their fresh and flavorful menu and will become a frequent visitor from now on. Fresh ingredients with the perfect seasoning greeted me as I indulged in corn chowder on the patio.  I could have licked the bowl, it was that delicious.  My beet and goat cheese salad was light yet savory, which was perfect for a warm afternoon.   Washing my meal down with iced chi tea made it even more delightful. Now that I have found my favorite vegetarian restaurant in the Burgh - Though the Tin Front Cafe can compete with any non-veggie restaurant in flavor!  I'm hungry for more.
5	Amazing brunch! Also, their bloody mary's are to die for. Also everyone who works here is very nice & the service is excellent.
3	I ordered a burrito. It was too leafy. Walnut muffins were tasty. Everything else was ordinary. Nothing memorable. Oh they made us wait for more than an hour.
5	This place is absolutely amazing!!! What a hidden gem!!! I highly reccomend this place. Everything is A+, from service, to food, to atmosphere. If you have not been here yet, you are truly missing out. This inside is very cozy, clean, upcycled chic. It has a very comfortable feel to it. The full service bar is absolutely beatiful, it kind of has a saloon feel. The outside patio is super quaint and peaceful. The food is out of this world. The flavors are amazing and everything is fresh and local. They make and bake all of their bread, if this gives you an idea of how amazing this place is!!!! The portions are huge too!!! I never had a bad meal as everything is delicious!!!Go for lunch or dinner and I promise you will be back again! They also have a Sunday brunch that I am anxious to try!!!!
5	What a wonderful surprise this morning! My mom's co worker suggested this place and I'm glad she did! If you're looking to get out of corporate waterfront and see the real side of homestead, and support a local business, you should check it out. It's vegetarian and vegan food and locally grown deliciousness. Very cute, comfortable decor, Vintage retro. Great music too, sang along all through brunch. I had the spicy quesadilla with spinach, portobello, and mozzarella, with siracha. Soo good! My mom had quiche with a fresh salad. Also delicious!  Light and crispy crust. Will certainly be going back! They also have a full bar and a cute shop connected with kitchen gadgets!
5	This restaurant is a gem. Family owned and operated, this is truly loving soul food but with such a refined execution. Daniel is a sweetheart and a wealth of knowledge, his wife the chef had an inspired mind for creative dishes. Acornicopia was a holiday special and I swear it was thanksgiving in that dish !! Can't wait to return !!
4	This place is a wonder hidden gem in what is often looked at as a rough area. The Tin Front Cafe has a mix of awesome treats for everyone. It's an extremely cozy atmosphere with great staff.
4	Great shot, easy to find just the right plate for any appetite. We had Black bean hummusSpinach salad w shaved beets, apples, almonds, and Gorgonzola.Black eyed peas & kale w ginger and onion.Ratatouille over polenta. Butternut squash lasagna. Sounds like a lot of food but the small plates were perfect sized for good appetites.The menu changes frequently and there seems to be something for everybody.
5	Sunday brunch is one of my favorite in Pittsburgh. Small buffet with drinks, chili, salad, fruit, breads, etc. plus your entree for like $12. Annex Cookery kitchen shop (attached) is great for gifts. Service can be slow, but the Portlandia atmosphere makes up for it!
