3	The gym is huge and has plenty of equipment.  They keep the equipment in relatively good shape.  I say relatively because from time to time they will let an elliptical or two go and not take care of it right away.There are racquetball courts, a basketball court, spin room, pilates/yoga room, pool, kids day-care, aerobics room, aerobics/cardio machine area, and free weights area.  There is also a juice bar and a small retail section.  From time to time the neighboring gas station will have someone in the gym selling car washes, which is convenient to get during your workout.I enjoy working out here....but only gave it 3 stars.  Here's the bad side of this gym:- There are way too many unsupervised teenagers in the gym during the weekday nights.....they clog up machines and weights and leave the gym a mess.- The staff doesn't keep the place clean on occasion.  Many times they are out of towels and the men's locker room can look disgusting.- You always have to ask the staff to change the channels on the TVs for major sporting events.....they should know that the World Series or NFL Playoffs are on.....and set those channels up.  Instead, you have to walk back downstairs and ask them to do it.....eventually, they will come up and do it.If it wasn't for the size and selection of machines at this gym, I would have rated it 2 stars.Will I come back?  Of course, I have a membership here.....however, if there was a better option as conveniently located as this one is to my house, then I would change gyms.
1	I used to be a member of 24 Hour Fitness years ago when I lived out in California and was excited to hear there was a super sport so close to my new place - especially since I've never been to a super sport before.I arrive at the gym to see if I could try the gym out free for a couple days to  see how it differs for other 24 hour fitness' I've experienced in the past. The receptionist told me that because I've been a member in the past (mind you this was 10 years ago) I couldn't try the new gym out for free and had to pay a $15 fee to access the gym for a day.  When I asked if there was an deal she could give me at least with the fee or if she could check with a manger to see if there was anything they could do to give me a break she gave me a blank stare and said "no."I would think they'd be more welcoming to a potential new customer rather than nickel and dime me from the beginning. I don't know who is training the staff over there, but this is customer service 101. At least try to find a manager to appease my request.I paid the fee for the day, but needless to say I will NOT be signing up there.  The gym is poorly kept, unclean and the customer service was just unacceptable.
2	I don't know why I continue to come to this gym.....it has continued it's downhill spiral.  Since my last review, which was ONLY 7 months ago......- One of the water fountains in the main workout room broke down, was removed, and hasn't been replaced......it's been gone for weeks now.- The sinks are still filthy and moldy.- The Men's locker room is a disaster every day......dirty towels everywhere.  The dirty towel container is always full and overflowing.- The showers in the Men's locker room are always so disgusting that I've stopped taking showers there.....I go back home to clean up.So why am I still a member there?  I have a really great monthly rate ($36) and I hate crowded gyms.....the other two gyms near my home, one a 24 Hr Fitness & the other a Las Vegas Athletic Club, are always crowded and my monthly membership costs would go up.......so those are the only 2 reasons why I'm still a member here.Will I return?  I'm here 4 to 6 times per week.....highly probable.
3	Unless you're a gym newbie, any review of a gym has to be comparative.  This is my gym in Vegas.  When I'm in NJ, it's L.A. Fitness, which was built around the same time.  Compared to L.A. Fitness, 24-Hr wins the prize.  But with strong reservations.  At this gym, I love the TVs on the aerobic equipment, and appreciate the variety of channels.  But it has been a while since my last visit, and things seem to be going downhill.  A lot of the equipment is becoming shabby, and seems dirty.  The water fountain is missing in the rear. Machines are out of commission for too long a period of time.  My main complaint is that there is never anyone on the floor to offer assistance.  There are a couple of machines that are impossible for me to adjust after a big, strong guy has tightened the knob, and then I"m SOL.  I tend to go to the gym around 8:30-9:00 p.m., and there's not a trainer in sight, or anyone to help.  Also, most of the time the piped-in music is way too loud, and interferes with what I'm trying to listen to, either the TV or my own music.  Last night I had to phone downstairs while I was on the treadmill to ask that the music be lowered.  It was done immediately, but I think this shouldn't have to be a problem every time I go.From a comparative standpoint, what I appreciate in addition to the TVs is the availability of towels.  My other gym doesn't provide them.  I also like the fact that there are some individual dressing rooms in the women's locker room, for the many women who do not appreciate undressing totally  in the open (such as after using the pool).  I don't use the pool, but this is something at 24H that's different from L.A., where a lot of women have bitched about this issue.There's a brand-new big gym being built on W. Charleston, not far from Red Rock Hotel.  New and big is an enticement, but I don't have to travel to get to 24H, so it will probably stay on as my gym.
2	This gym is pretty rundown considering it is supposed to be a Super Sport and costs about $10 more a month than a normal club and has a higher orientation fee.  Fortunately I got in through a class action lawsuit so I pay the lower rate for normal clubs.  The only real benefit I see compared to the other clubs is towel service.There are some cardio machines with their own TVs but not all of them have it.  You can use the other machines to watch the bigger TVs posted around the gym but then you can't change the channel on a whim.  It's never been so crowded that you can't get a cardio machine in my experience.The pool is ok but it is narrow and not olympic. It can be a little creepy during the day.  Occasionally, some people have set up lawn chairs and watched us all swim, which was a little weird.  There is a whirlpool, sauna, and steam room near the pool, all coed.  People will get in and out of these things for hours on end, looking ill and close to passing out.  Some appear to be fighters trying to drop weight, others just seem to be punishing themselves.There is day care, a basketball court, squash courts, and a juice bar.  The juice bar is rarely staffed so if you want something, they have to call over the loudspeaker to get someone to staff it, which is funny.  The whole gym knows someone wants a smoothie.  Also, Summerlin parents apparently have enough money to buy their kids a membership and they just drop them off here which is pretty annoying.  Lots of kids running around and screwing around on the weight machines.One interesting feature is the ability to scan your fingerprint to get into the gym.  Personally, I've never had this technology work properly with my computer and I doubt the technology is any different here so I don't do it.  But if you don't like carrying around a card, go for it.  I think you put in your phone number or something if the fingerprint thing doesn't work.If you decide to join an active or "non-super" sport 24 Hour Fitness for cheaper, keep in mind that the company has been busy doing remodels of the clubs and changing them into Super Sports.  I don't know if they are nice and grandfather in previous members but definitely ask about it before getting a membership.  Because it would suck to join a gym and then find out you have to pay more all of sudden because they did a remodel. The recently remodeled location at Rainbow and Alta is a nicer Super Sport than this location, but still not worth the extra cost in my opinion.
2	Convenient Gym , lots of equipment and some good classes . A lot of turnover in trainers , rarely see anyone for more than a few months . Equipment is a little worn and they don't clean as much as they should , members leave towels , newspapers around ( not me!) and they stay around a while. Friendly reception desk , kids club is good . They used to sell clothing , no more . Overall the place is tired , there is a brand new club opening on W. Charleston soon , when I join I think I will not be alone.
2	Even though I changed my membership so I can go to any other 24 Hr Fitness in the Valley, I still come here.....bad habits are hard to break I guess.  This morning was especially frustrating, here's why:- The gym is freakin' cold....I get that you need ventilation to cool off, but why does it have to be FREEZING in there?!  Doesn't make any sense at all....my muscles get stiff after a solid workout and it's just too damn uncomfortable.  Complaining to the staff doesn't do any good because they tell you it's controlled by the Corporate Office in California....yeah right.- The personal trainers today were really annoying.  One of them had one of their clients doing situps in the middle of the freakin' aisle where the front row of elliptical machines were.....seriously, there's a private room for the personal trainers that's empty 99% of the time....why they insist on being jerks to the rest of the members like this is beyond me.  Another one of them hung their sweatshirt on the bar of one of the bench presses while they had their client do a workout nearby......which tied up the bench press because people didn't know if someone was working out on the press and would be right back or what the deal was.....these personal trainers here have no sense of gym ettiquette.I'm not one to make New Year's resolutions, but I think my resolution will be to finally get away from this place and go to the Centennial 24 Hr Fitness location.  The problem is, it will probably have some of these problems too.Will I return?  I hope not, but old habits are tough to break.
3	I have to give them credit....over the past months there has been a noticeable improvement of many of the issues in my prior reviews:- Ellipticals received a lot of attention and maintenance.....they're in great shape now.- The gym is getting cleaner.  They've made a good attempt to clean it up.  Although, the members here are still pigs....at least the men's locker room is always a mess, but at least the gym is getting it clean, it's the members who trash it.  I can't believe how inconsiderate some people are!- The employees at the front desk are very friendly.- Most of the personal trainers have improved their etiquette and don't get in the way.....however, there are 2 that always tie up several pieces of equipment and have their clients workout on the floor next to the free weight benches and effectively prevent people from using that equipment.....why don't they use the private personal trainer room that's always empty?!- The water fountain in the weight room was repaired....finally.I hope they keep up the improvement and good work.Return Factor - 100%.....I'm there 5-6 days a week and I can't break my habit of going to this one.
5	My wife and I got a member ship here and we love the place. The people are nice and want to know about you. Great place glad we got a membership.
5	I love this gym, the personnel there have the best attitudes, greeting you as you come in and leave. They have a small section where you can purchase protein bars,  multivitamins, and many more options. Not only that but they have a smoothie bar that is fairly priced. Have kids? No babysitter? They have a play room which is supervised that you can bring your kids to be watched while you get your work out on. There is any type of gym equipment  you could possibly think of, so it gives you so many options on what you want to work out on. They offer classes for yoga and zumba, spin class, a boot camp class, so many different ones. There is a basketball room and a swimming pool for you to swim laps. A hot tub and a sauna is just two more awesome features this gym has. I work with a personal trainer and I've never enjoyed it more. She trained me in some work outs and showed me exactly how to use a lot of the equipment there. It's honestly not very expensive to belong to this gym either. I would recommend this place to just about anyone!
4	Now that it's hot as hell outside, I'm back in the gym instead of running outside.  What a nice surprise to come to this gym after a few months and find that they've totally redone the place.  Probably to compete with Lifetime Fitness.  But still, it's nice.I like the new layout.  There are more places to stretch and exercise.  It looks like the staff lost some office space to expand the gym, but the staff seems happier than before so I guess they are ok with it.  They've replaced a lot of the rundown machines with new ones.  They are better about restocking the towels.  Much nicer than it was before.  I didn't see a lot of kids randomly running around like last time I was here.  Maybe their parents all got them Lifetime Fitness memberships and drop them off there now.  I heard that place is crawling with kids.My dues are pretty cheap because I got grandfathered in via a class action lawsuit.  But my friend says he's paying about $40 a month which is not bad.  Glad to be a fan now that summer is here.  Summer will be less miserable with a nice gym nearby.
4	Hi! I have been a member of 24 hour fitness for over 6 years now (since I was 28.)  My primary location is the Agassi 24 hour fitness in Summerlin. I like that there are many locations throughout Las Vegas to work out in, including at McCarran Airport.  I have seen this gym be clean and not so clean inside. However, I do agree with previous reviewers that the cleanliness has improved since the recent interior remodel.  The basketball court floor was recently refinished. The amenities of this facility can be found on their website and other reviewers have mentioned some of these also. There are now basketball leagues that use the court space a couple of days a week at the various facilities. I am not a member of the leagues, but I have still been able to find plenty of pick-up games and open court time. Hopefully the basketball leagues do not expand too much to the point where it is difficult to find an open court to play in.The staff is definitely very courteous and friendly. They say hello each time I visit and offer me a towel.  Some even ask me how I am doing. They almost always say goodbye to me when I leave. They show this courtesy to everyone, as far as I have seen. They also dress up for various occasions and decorate the facility from time to time. A couple of years ago I had an allergic reaction to sulphites--found in a trail mix I had eaten before working out. I had never had this type of reaction before. I nearly went into anaphylactic shock. A couple of staff members kept an eye on me when I sat down near the front desk and then helped me to call an ambulance. I was taken to the hospital as I broke out into a severe rash and my blood pressure dropped dangerously low. Had no one been there to assist me, I coud have died. Thank you 24 hour fitness staff! The music at this facility is probably standard gym music--it can be somewhat self-indulgent. I like to listen to my own tunes.Thanks for reading.God bless you.
2	This club is the least friendly in Las Vegas. I workout daily and visit six different 24hr clubs throughout the week. I have had a chance to visit all 13 clubs in Las Vegas. The staff at this location very rarely say hello to me. They never say goodbye to me when I leave. If I get a hello it is unenthusiastic and unprofessional. Class instructors range from excellent to adequate. Obviously this is my least favorite club. My favorite club is Centennial, surprisingly the friendliest club has to be S. Rainbow.
5	As a frequent Las Vegas visitor, since my BFF lives there, this is my absolute favorite gym!  In fact, I like this 24 hour fitness one billion gazillion times better than any of the gyms we have here in Honolulu!  First off, I'm not a "Super Sport" member, but this place is a Super Sport.  But, unlike the Super Sport in Pearl City Hawaii, who's manager told me it would cost me $20 bucks each time I want to use their club (even though I am a paying member!!!!), Agassi 24 hour fitness visitor fee is only $5.  How reasonable is that!  And this place is beautiful!!!  Complete super sport facility, tvs on machines, updated equipment, juice bar, shop, towel service, full service lockers, courts, cycling room, workout room, etc. etc. And it's clean.  Not like the dingy gyms we have in Hawaii!  Seriously, Hawaii 24 hour fitness, take notes!   And.... this place has classes galore!!!!  The spinning classes are amazing and the instructors were fabulous!  And on the long holiday weekends... instead of cancelling class, the instructors get together and do back to back classes - like a long 2 hour spin class!  How awesome is that - and may I say, they play some rocking music!!!  I wish we could have that at our gyms here in Honolulu!!!  Parking is plentiful too!!
2	I should be more selfish and write a better review because it might help membership #'s, but the truth is, it's not what it should be.  It's ok for what I pay, but I only do bball and sometimes swimming.  There are consistent issues, such as a dirty locker room, no soap, missing nets on the hoops, SAND in the hot tub!!, steam room that doesn't work,   towels out, etc.  The staff really needs to get it together.  The issues are a result of poor leadership.I would say the staff is very friendly to me and regulars, though.
2	Still no improvement.  Found sand in the hot tub again.  Soap still runs out in the shower... the one I like is one most people like.  It's in the corner but you can see your locker from it.  I suggested putting another soap dispenser there so it didn't run out.  I've been ignored.  They won't put towels in the locker room anymore.  Some sort of bogus green effort.  They're just trying to save themselves money.  But if I'm already in the locker room and need another towel, I have to walk all the way up to the front desk.  I'm strongly considering canceling my membership and going to Lifestyle.
4	I've been a member at the gym in Summerlin for quite some time and cant believe the awful comments some people are making! People must remember that this gym is open 24 Hours a day... that's ALL DAY people! For the traffic volume this club gets, the staff keeps it in pretty good shape. The towel dispensers will occasionally be out of paper towels and the machines will sometimes be a little sweaty but its a Gym! You go there to sweat out your aggressions or lose weight or pass time; whichever your reason, you're there and you're sweating. The staff is always very friendly and helpful with a Smile & Name Greeting as you come in and a Smile & Wave as you leave.As for the Sand in the Jacuzzi, I was a bit off-put by this as well, but I asked what it was & told (by more than one person) that the sand comes from the filters. Their filtration system uses sand filters so the sand occasionally seeps out into the water. Its really no big deal! I believe (& have been shown by the awesome staff here) that if something is broken or dirty or simply not to your liking, that you should TELL SOMEONE! Nobody is a mind reader & the staff certainly cant possibly know of something that's broken upstairs if they're downstairs. I have told the staff a few times about things that are broken and they say "Oh, thanks for letting me know. I'll have that taken care of." or something of that nature & then it gets fixed. Overall I'm very happy with my membership here and am grateful for the helpful and friendly staff!
4	I've been to most of the 24's in Vegas. Been to this location twice. Pros:CleanStaff always been friendlySuper-SportI didn't find broken equipmentQuiet. No problems with parkingA lot of cardio equipmentI didn't have good workouts here, but not blaming this gym. Both times that I've come here, I was nursing a rotator cuff issue and a torn meniscus.  The intensity in those workouts were poor at best.  However, a kind woman helped me with a couple of last reps on the leg extension machine. I guess it was obvious to her my knee was in pain. She even massaged it and told me that her sons had the same issue. She gave me a little tip, to put a bag of frozen peas on my knees when i get home. That worked wonders, at least worked better than ice.  Originally thought she worked at the gym or was a trainer. Later found out that she didn't. Never got a chance to thank her or get her name.  If in the area, I will check out this gym again.
4	I'm sexy and I know it.. look at that body.. OK I might think that song isn't my reality but there are plenty here that do. Regardless if you come here to workout they have the equipment and machines to it. The staff is awesome and the place is always clean. If you come during prime hours it is a bit packed but you can still find something to make you sweat. They provide tons of classes throughout the week to help you get your "swoll" on. The locker rooms and showers are clean and the showers are private stalls. It's the locker room that can gross you out... you can find the retirees doing their stretches and whatnot towel- less. Just letting the jublees air out is just not my thing. Then again when I retire I might do the same...
4	I'm giving it five stars because it's a gym that has everything you need to achieve your beach body. Honestly, it doesn't matter where you work out it's how you work out. Why spend all the extra money on some fancy gym that uses all the same equipment? Oh I don't know. The only things I have to say about this gym is that the trainers can be a little creepy, asking me randomly "you gotta boyfriend?" the second thing is that I wish they had more classes at more hours of the day! I mean it is called 24 hour fitness. That's my wrap bish.
4	One of the best 24 Hours I've been to. Working equipment, friendly staff, and good parking. I really want to try one of the classes they have badly.
5	Oh my sweet baby Jesus!!! As someone who frequents gyms alot and have been to almost every gym in vegas I'd have to say this is one of my favorite gyms by far. The staff here is very nice. Ive come at all hours of the day and night and no change in customer service. The location is great because its right next to the freeway and shopping and food. The gym is quite possibly the cleanest I've ever seen. most gym usually have their down time but this one is never dirty. Kudos to whoever handles that. I've been to some of their classes and they're on par with other gyms. The basketball court usually has a decent amount of folks there so you can get good runs in the afternoon. Tuesday and Thursday nights on the court it gets serious!!!!!I mean to be honest I can't think of any downside to this gym. Even when i have had any sort of issues or complaint the management were quick to get everything straightened out
2	I had BIG expectations for this gym. I went to the counter to get a free 3-day trial, I talked to an associate and I asked him about the trial & he gave me a "WTF" look & said "ooookay?" I nudged his annoyance away and he started to give me information about the gym.  I asked for a tour and when we went upstairs to checkout the gym.  My first reaction was like "What thhhh ... is this?"  It smelled awful, not that weird gym smell but just awful.  The area looks so cramped and tight.  I was even slightly surprised how small it was.  I was like this place looks like a "hot mess." He showed me the pool, it was pretty standard. I do think it looks better than the one at LVAC on eastern/215. He did give me the pass for the 3-day trial, but I never went back after that. I didnt even try and workout there. Overall, I would have given it a 3-star, but I think I got turned-off from the associate.
4	I have been using this club since it opened.  I swim and use the locker room.  My only complaint is that they do not know how to clean the tile floors.  I see the cleaning person with a string mop, which is basically just spreading dirty water over the floor.  The floors are in need of professional steam cleaning.
4	Everything in this gym is clean and looks new. We try to go in the morning, because during the afternoon it is crowded.The group fitness classes are fun and there is plenty of parking. The basketball gym is a plus and if you like to play raquetball- there are multiple courts. In the evenings it tends to get crowded as with most gyms, and the free weight machines and in particular, the pull-up machine is constantly taken which gets frustrating!
1	George signed me up.... extremely fine, Eeeewww. ... so I went to play bball,  went to lady's room after playing, an lady's room is next to bball gym. But then I noticed that the mens locker room has a video camera sitting in front of it while the ladies locker room does not as you walk into the ladies locker room there is no door either when you go to use the bathroom there's a glass door and then you close your stall door and that's it. No privacy no protection whatsoever. so I called and spoke to Josh who is the manager of the facility and I offered to donate a brand new security camera and he said that he can't take that and that there will not be a security camera installed in front of the ladies locker room so that was really turn off and he also suggested that I cancel my membership if I don't like it there!!! He was very well on welcoming so therefore I win I spoke to George about it and he was really really really nice and I just simply told him that I'll be back to play basketball but I'll come and do it in the daytime was really busy
5	I just don't understand the negative reviews for this gym.  You negative reviewers need to travel and check out other 24 hour fitness facilities and then you'll appreciate what you have here at Agassi!  I still love this place!  The front desk staff is great.  The bathrooms are clean, lots of space, lots of equipment.  And my absolute favorite thing at this gym are the spin classes!!!!  I went to class after class, days in a row, and because I was there during the holidays, the instructor did a couple of 90 minute rides!  AMAZING!!!!!!!!  I took classes from both Leanna and Eliza.  Two of the best spin instructors ever!!  They play the greatest music... if I wasn't a big sweaty mess, I seriously would of pulled out my phone to start Shazamming the music!  But I was too busy sweating and working, and feeling great.  Honestly, after Leanna's class, I felt like I lost 10 lbs in that 90 minutes.  The most awesome feeling ever.  I wish they could train all of the spin instructors.  In Honolulu, we can't even get 10 people to fill a spin class.  Here at Agassi, you need to get there an hour in advance to get a spot in spin. Yes, it's THAT good!
5	Nice looking premises! Clean!I usually go to the 24 on Rainbow but I decided to give this one a shot. I like the dynamic atmosphere. People working out hard, minding their own business, doing their own thing. Smiles everywhere and CLEAN!  The clean part is a big deal since unfortunately the Rainbow location seems to be lacking in this area. I was pleased to see 2 Crossfit Tractor tires. It also has a Pilates room  (another plus). Even with the new years resolutionists, there is plenty of availability for superset workouts. The equipment is ok; I wish it had more leg equipment. A sissy squat machine would be great. It is also missing the revolving solid bent D- Lat pulldown bar with handles which I use a lot. But overall it's a nice gym. I recommend this place.
4	Nice gym... don't know if I'll like this place on squat days because of the stairs.We find that we will be in this area at least once a week.  So, what better to have access to, than a nice gym.Parking was plentiful.The front desk was nice and the employees friendly.  Easy check in and to the locker rooms we went.  The locker room was nice and the lockers were big enough to hold my stuff.  The showers had individual stalls.  I like that because I don't feel like I'm showering in prison like I do at the other gym I go to.  Easier to clean your ass as you don't feel eyes on you.A small walk upstairs, which will be a problem on Leg day.  I usually give my legs a beating on those days, but I'll make it part of my work out.  Not really a problem.  The cardio area was set up well and easy to walk around.  The free weight area was the usual for all of the 24's.  A good selection of DB's and benches.  So, I don't foresee any problems coming to this gym.  So, I give it a thumbs up.
4	I've been a member of 24 since it was Family Fitness so in the last year corporate as a courtesy added this gym to my membership when the Cheyenne location closed.  I can't speak to more then the cardio equipment because I have yet to try a class here even though the schedule has a lot to choose from, I just can't seem to get up for the 5:30 a.m. cycle class.  Someday!  The front staff has always been friendly, the gym is always clean and I live being provided with a towel.  One less thing to worry about.  Four stars because there have been a couple times I have gotten on cardio equipment and it is not working but yet there is no signage to indicate that.
2	Today is the final straw. First I would like to add, I love working out and finding a decent, convenient location to work out at is a plus in my book. That is the only reason why I go to this location. Furthermore, I would like to say, that the staff not all, but mostly, is very fucking rude. The reason why I say (that actually two people), is rude, is because I shouldn't have to put a lot of energy into actually acknowledging my presence. "Such as saying hello".  I'm not the type of person that really feeds into negative people's energy normally but when you're having a bad day and someone is working in customer service, the last thing you expect is bad customer service in a customer service field.  One in particular, this "girl", not a grown woman, always has an attitude.  A few months ago, I actually engaged into making a conversation with her. Just so I knew, that maybe it wasn't me that she always had an attitude with or thinking it it was something that I did to her. And even then, she acted like she had an attitude, like she didn't want to be bothered. Her excuse was as I was being cordial with her, "are you having a bad day" and in response "I'm just a little tired". So I said to myself, okay just let it roll off.   But then everyday after that the same cold nonresponsive attitude. She doesn't even say hello at all she looks the other way or looks down. Then I started noticing some others that she worked with acting the same way. (As if they had a little click against me.)   Like I said before I'm a very laid-back, and I just kind of keep to myself. So I don't understand what's going on at this location. So if anybody experiences the same thing, please let me know. I don't like taking things personal but it's a shame that I have to go to a different location where people actually have common decency and respect for each other at a different location. I gave this two stars because, a person can really make or break the environment with their attitude and energy. The place can be in immaculate shape and clean and all that. Which this place isn't always clean and decent and I pretty much ignore it. But the energy here, always weighs me down at this place. Then you start noticing when people, like to shit literally, in the showers and other things that isn't wiped down properly, etc.So there you go. My epic review and all truth. Good luck to all.
4	Now that all the teenyboppers and pickup artists have moved to lifetime this is an even. Better ave to work out.   Kids club for young children is affordable so for mom and dad needind day care for workout it is greatFinally putting in some new training equipment   Big pool.
5	This is a review for LeAnn after I took her cycle class today. OMG she is amazing and deserves a raise! This was my first spin class with her and she is beyond great. As a former spin instructor myself, I am very critical of those who teach cycling and I have absolutely no complaints!She is completely hard core and got everyone super amped and wanting to do their best. Even if you are a beginner, do not be scared off because she does not pressure you to do anything but your best, and with her enthusiasm you will definitely feel motivated to do your best! I am so glad I found her. When we move closer to the strip-- I will still come all the way to Summerlin to take a class with her! AMAZING!!
4	I have a long-term membership fo all 24 hour fitness facilities so I have been to quite a few.  This one went a little downhill for a while but is on the rebound.  They have worked in some of the newer machines for circuit training and upgraded a lot of their cardio equipment.One problem used to be a lot of teenagers sitting around texting but that seems to have diminished.  (Will see how it goes in the summer)   Based on the review of Lifetime Fitness, I'm guessing they all moved over there.For the most part this gym seems to have a slightly older crowd and people are there to work out.  Variety of spinning, yoga and other classes and sporrts courts and basketball as well as pool for laps and classes.Lots of hand sanitizer dispensers throughout the gym but I miss the pop-up cleaners for the equipment which have been replaced with spray bottles on chaines and brown paper towels that fall aparr then you wet them and try to clean equipment (small complaint but the 'web wipes" worked well and were convenient.)I wish they would do what many other gyms have done and besides having a "no photo" policy also include a no fragrance and refrain from talking on the cell.   That being said, this is a lot better than some other 24 hours (some are pretty run donw) but not as good as some of the new ones with all the new style equipment and multiple rooms for classes, etc.
3	Not my favorite 24 hour fitness gym. All the equipment is upstairs in a somewhat weird configuration. You'd just have to go to see what I mean, especially with the mixing of the machines here and there. One of my favorite workouts is the TRX, and they only have 2 bands. For a super sport, you should expect more than just two. The air does circulate, but not all that great. You are greeted by friendly faces- the people are not the problem. Just what is offered and the overall configuration that is a bit strange.
1	The 18-24 something staff of this once fine gym have taken it upon themselves to blare their STUPID MUSIC so loud that you can hear it through your own headphones. When you ask them to turn it down they refuse. This gym needs a new staff, new management and a POLICY REGARDING TURNING THE GYM INTO A UNFRIENDLY ENVIRONMENT!
1	I have longterm membership with 24 hours fitness, but this one is the worst one , they couldn't recognize my pin code and when i wanted to talk the manager he did not show up .My friend told me about the situation of this gym and the manager but i wanted to give a try.they just waste 2 hours of my time!! never and never again !!
1	First of all, I would give TEN stars to the personal trainer Zewdi bc she is absolutely a wonderful, very full of energy, funny, encouraging trainer. If you are looking for a trainer, Zewdi is the girl for you!But, this review is not for Zewdi.Honestly, if there is a ZERO star available, I would give it to the manager of this 24-hour-fitness facility, Chris. I felt being discriminated when I talked to him about the training sessions. When I spoke to him, he talked to me in a condescending attitude that made me feel that he thinks he's better than everyone. He did not talk to me in a sincere manner. I was so furious that I didn't even want to talk him. What kind of manager would give such attitude to his clients? Honestly, I think 24-hour-fitness corporate should hire a random person and come check out the manager's attitude because if it's not for Zewdi, I would NOT be coming back!!!The same message from Chris was given to me later by the assistant fitness manager, Andrew, but in a MUCH BETTER and FRIENDLIER attitude. If you are reading this Chris, please learn from Andrew and stop being an arrogant a$$.I've been with 24-hour-fitness and been training with them for more than 5 years and this is the first time I've experience discrimination! Just terrible!
3	This is a very nice Gym with excellent friendly staff. It's clean, safe and fun. The work out machines are kept up well. The layout is intelligent and organized. My suggestions for improvement are the following: 1. Stretching bars - yes it's almost embarrassing but they don't have any.2. A running track - (to it's credit it does have a pool, sauna, basketball court and racquetball and squash) Might not have the room for this...3. Allow trainers, who are members, to train people at the gym, other than their own staff trainers. This will allow for a more competitive pricing for training versus the $60 an hr. which is a bit pricey and sucks when it's the only game available(monopoly). 4. Create a regular group training at discounted price $20 a person in groups of 5. This will also allow for more personal training opportunities. They attempted to get this running but failed. I think they quit too soon. There is demand for the right price. Their previous pricing was too high to be competitive... I read all the emails and look forward to seeing some improvements in the future. Thanks!
1	One of the more cleaner 24. But this review is based on the people that go this 24. Gym filled with racist people who will stereotype you based on your race. If you are Asian, you are not welcomed at the basketball court.
2	I guess planning the towel service is a bit difficult for this group.  Bring a towel if you want one. Half the time I come here there are no towels.
1	What a disappointment. This facility used to be first class. Now it's poorly managed, machines are always out of service, locker rooms are disgusting and the customer service is some of the worst in town. The manager is very arrogant, immature and doesn't seem to be qualified to run his own life, let alone this or any business.
3	We chose this location because it is by the house and not as crowded. I enjoy getting my workout on, but it bums me out that machine are consistently down and down for awhile. There is one staff member that makes going to this gym a pleasant experience, Charles. He takes the initiative to remember your name and greet you regardless. He has so much energy for working at 4am. I feel gym needs to keep up with the maintenance I'd the machines and maybe offer more classes or new advanced equipment. This gym is clean, which I do like.
1	The place is filthy!  Sad, since This gym used to be one of the nicest ones. Poor management  or lack of care!  whatever you call it!!  Locker rooms smell so bad that I had to hold my breathe!  horrible!!
4	Love this 24 hour fitness. I started working out here after I had my son because it was right by the house and always clean and my favorite machines are always usually open. There's an indoor pool and they do spin class and Pilates as well as the other group classes upstairs. The locker room is nice and spacious and they have a VIP locker room as well that's really great. I got to use it a few times when they were doing maintenance in the regular locker room. My son and I usually come here after I pick him up from his preschool and he can't wait to play at the kids centers which looks fun for kids his age. Upstairs there's a bevy of equipment to chose from. People here are usually always respectfully and mind their own business so you can work out uninterrupted. My only peeve is when a piece of equipment is broken it seems to take longer than normal to be fixed. Other than that this is probably the best 24 hour fitness in Vegas.
2	I have been a member since 1994 and have become disenchanted with this location.  The men's locker room is quite shabby.  There are broken tiles in the shower stalls and they have been that way for many months.  The grout is dirty throughout.  Until recently there was no place to put your stuff while showering.  The urinals are filthy most of the time and there is usually urine on the floor because of faulty flushing.  The worst thing, the sinks are slow to drain because of clogs.  This has been prevalent for at least a year or more.  The staff is very nice and most of the equipment  is good, it is just the awful locker room that ruins the place.  The Rainbow/Alta location is better.  I go to Summerlin because of convenience.  I would cancel my membership but at 19 bucks a month I put up with it.  No way would I pay $39 as a new member.
4	Maybe I'm just not as critical of gyms as I am of restaurants, but I really like this 24 Hour Fitness. I don't know why the reviews are so bad here! When I moved back to Vegas from San Diego, I considered joining LVAC, but I've put that plan on the back burner for now because of how much I like this location. This 24 is very clean and well laid-out, with all of the machines and equipment upstairs. The women's locker room is large and even has a TV in it, and smells very fresh. It's well-maintained. The machines I use work, and they do have a lot of machines with TVs on them. I haven't been to any of the classes yet, but I plan on checking out Pilates and yoga.The parking lot is spacious and very safe, which is important to me because I've had my window smashed in a 24 parking lot before. This gym is in a great location and I always feel safe walking by myself at night.The front desk staff is nice - they definitely try to upsell the personal training sessions and their extremely overpriced powders and supplements (it's all WAY cheaper on Amazon) - but they're just doing their jobs, and I've never had anyone be overly pushy, but I have no problem saying no.All in all, I really like this 24 and will continue going here for the time being rather than going to LVAC. I really don't want to sign a contract and love that I don't have to have one with 24 Hour.
