2	This new concept of fast soup and salad service just doesn't make it for me.  I like the original Sweet Tomatoes full service soup and salad bar on Stephanie but this one just doesn't satisy.  I stopped in to get a quickie lunch and it was.  You have your choice of 6 soups and a salad that is custom made by the servers as you walk the line.  I got an 8 oz. cup of their delicious chicken noodle soup (including chunks of chicken) and simple salad.  The price with tax came to just over $11.00.No value here.  You can go to the soup and salad bar on Stephanie and for $8.99 get all the soup you can eat, all the salad you can eat (you make your own there), several different types of other salads such as macaroni, broccoli, cole slaw, etc., baked potatoes, pasta bar including mac and cheese, pizza, muffins and several desserts.That is an all you can eat buffet so the concept is what I'm used to at S.T.I didn't feel I got my money's worth at the Express.  Why didn't they put a full sized Sweet Tomatoes on this side of town?   We all agree we would have preferred that. With so many places to eat surrounding this one I can't imagine spending $11.00 for soup and salad.  Make no mistake, the  quality and freshness are still evident here; I just don't get the Express thing.You can eat in - there are several booths inside, take it home or take it out on their  patio. The drawback is that the patio is located right on Eastern with all of the traffic and gas fumes along with the noise.  Not cool. I live right up the road but won't go back.   I WILL continue to go to the original S.T. on Stephanie.
1	Sweet Tomatoes Express was a great idea in theory, but it just exploded on the runway.You get a salad you can't assemble yourself, a fraction of the soup you would normally have, and baked goods that are pre-packaged. What's worse is that you're paying virtually the same price for only one trip through the line. I'm no fan of the "all you can eat" mentality, but Sweet Tomatoes on Stephanie is a haven where I feel it's ok to go back for more salad or soup. In fact, the entire purpose of going to a Sweet Tomatoes for me is to go back and get my favorite items. I guess that's why they added the word "Express" at the end. Now you're telling me it's a one-pass deal? Was this idea intended for business professionals in office suites along Eastern who simply don't have time nowadays for the nonsense known as sitting down to a healthy meal?This location is never crowded when I'm driving by, so I have this weird suspicion that the ingredients and soups don't get enough rotation out the door, especially after 2pm. The food tastes comparable to the regular restaurant, and they let me sample two soups before making my pricey 6 ounce decision. However, I'm sure my taste buds were skewed by my awkward interaction with the manager and her employee-in-training. I can't vouch for the baked goods as I refused to pay an additional price for something that looked less than oven-fresh.All in all, spend the extra gas/time and just go get the real thing.
4	Keyword: "To-Go" hahaha. My bf, his coworker & I went during their lunch break to check out Sweet Tomatoes TO-GO thinking it was like the regular restaurant/ buffet line. We were wrong. The location is awesome it's easy to find on Eastern, being that location is very busy and has plenty options of food places to eat! Sweet Tomatoes To-Go is a small salad/ soup only. The friendly staff greeted up and further explained that it's like subway.. We were able to pick our salad and toppings. I ordered a "make your own" salad of romaine lettuce and bunch of veggies! They also carry fat-free dressings such as italian and ranch. I chose Italian and it was delicious! I also recommend dried cranberries it makes the salad have a sweet kick of fruit! Definitely loved the environment the friendly staff provided ...while eating our salads we noticed how kind they were to all customers that came in after us and couldn't help but compliment their cheer-i-ness!!!!! Lastly, this is a perfect healthy choice of salad or soup joint if you're in a hurry or on a quick 30min- hour lunch break!
5	You can easily get two meals out of one salad for $7. There is no MSG. The ingredients are fresh. If you are a vegetarian you can have Tofu (which is cheaper then beef or chicken).If you add chicken to a (rather large) salad it's an additional $2.30. But, you still have 2 servings out of one salad.It's worth every penny and healthy.The staff there is fantastic and they raise the bar for quick service.
3	I would only come back here if I were craving one thing on their menu...say a soup or salad. Key word there being "or" because if you were to get both, you are paying the same buffet price where you could have both and even more- pasta, muffins, second servings, dessert, etc. Like many of the other reviewers said, drive a few more miles for the real deal on Stephanie. But if you just want that one thing, then express is the way to go!
4	Good spot for a healthy lunch. I picked a salad and soup combo for 8.99. At first I felt a little apprehensive, because you have to trust somebody else in assembling your salad, but the final effect was so delicious! I liked the variety of ingredients: you pick your main salad part that consist only of two types of romaine (spinach is an option at the next station), but then they have everything you could imagine you can add to your salad. Mine had: feta cheese, cocktail tomatoes, grapes, slivered almonds, olives, onions and the most delicious balsamic dressing. That dressing made every bite even better! Light consistency and the perfect ratio between salty, garlicky and lemony flavors. My soup choice was chili and it was very tasty, but we all know that it wasn't house made from scratch. I also added grilled chicken (called "asian") and it was worth that $2.00  more to your total for the meal here. To satisfy your carbs cravings they add a little piece of garlic bread on the side. I was only able to finish less half of my salad- great news for the queen of leftover management like me- there will be tasty lunch for tomorrow at no cost as well!
5	All the staff is so nice! I love the portion sizes, which are huge! I enjoy being able to pile veggies up on my salad and add all the fixins! It is always fresh, the prices are great for what you are getting, and the staff is great!!! What more could you ask for? Being a devout subway salad eater, it took a lot to sway me, but now that I have found sweet tomato I will never go back!
4	I have to take off a star because its true, u pay the same for a one trip thru salad bar as u would at the actual resturaunt. They dont have the selection as the actual resturaunt, no blueberry muffins and no coupons! Love the staff though, they always remember us :)
1	Way over priced! $23 for two salads and two sodas! Really!  I will drive to Stephanie next time!
3	CLOSED -- Fellow Yelpers, this restaurant has permanently closed. The outdoor signage has been taken down and the restaurant space is dark. There are notes on the door referring patrons to their other Vegas-area Sweet Tomatoes locations.A quick reflection: I'm a fan of Sweet Tomatoes. I eat at the "regular" restaurant nearby at least once per week and have done so since the place opened about 14 years ago. As for Sweet Tomatoes Express (STe), the parent company has been looking for new ways to make money (over their "tried-and-true" unlimited cold salad, soup and pasta buffets) for some time. While I was happy with the cleanliness of the facility and quality of the food served, the value of the meal for the price paid was considerably less than that of Sweet Tomatoes regular restaurants. Most everything is served "a la carte" -- choose a salad and pick your ingredients. Get a nice-sized portion and a free garlic bun or two. Buy a drink. Want some soup? That's extra, as are proteins or "premium ingredients". Want free soft-serve or dessert? Go to the restaurant because STe doesn't offer them. Want seconds? Order another salad, soup, etc. at full price. (By the way, the food photos shown on this page are a lie as they are for the restaurant and not STe.)I feel badly for Mike and his staff -- they were stellar!In my humble opinion, STe did not offer a terrific business model especially for the Henderson folks who visited. Not only were the prices too high for the value offered but they refused to honor Sweet Tomatoes coupons or Club Veg specials. As I understand it, this location was first to open. To Souplantation corporate management: "Hey guys, you're a restaurant that serves salads buffet-style. I think you should stick to what you do best." Maybe one of your other two locations (Carlsbad, CA or Clearwater, FL) will do better and you can one day tell me "we told you so". Only time will tell.
4	This is a great place to get a quick salad with as many veggies and toppings as you want. Good food, fair price.
