4	Stopped by to pick up some soup and a dish for a late dinner. large hot and sour large won ton large chicken lo mein All was really good, the soups were not over salty (MSG) as with most restaurants and the lo mein was devoured. The also have a sushi bar in with great prices. There is a sign out front as they are trying to obtain a liquor license. So beer, sushi and Chinese food, what a great combination. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
4	I decided to give this place a shot as I am a huge sushi fan and they advertised their sushi as half off. Most places do this at certain times and on specific days. Also, most places limit the half off label to "regular rolls." Currently, it appears as though this is an all day thing and applies to all of their sushi. We went around 7:15pm and the place was not very packed. My fiance loved her meal (chicken and vegetables). The one downfall to my experience was the amount of time I had to wait for my food. My fiance's dish was brought out right away, but my sushi (rainbow roll, octopus, tiger roll) did not come out until she was half finished with hers. The sushi and price were alright with me though so I'll be giving them a second chance.
1	We have gone twice to this restaurant but will not be going back.  While I am accustomed to eating mediocre Chinese food in this town, the main entrees were quite poor. I am not sure how you screw up chicken fried rice but they did- the rice did not taste fried and the chicken was barely cooked.   The first time we had it, we figured they just made a mistake.  But when we ordered it again on the second visit, we realized they just don't know how to cookIf this place survives for another 6 months, I will be shocked.
4	My co-workers and I just ate lunch here for the first time. The food was great, delivery time was fast and the prices were very reasonable. I had the hot and sour soup which was delicious and filling. Will definitely eat here again!
4	Visited for dinner on a monday with my fam... Saw the 50 percent off sushi sign at the entrance. What... They have sushi? The place wasn't busy at all. There was a couple eating and another guy ordering take out. We were promptly seated and brought drinks. I decided on sushi, my hopes not very high. I ordered the chandler roll and the rainbow roll. My sister ordered mu shu pork, my mom ordered lo mein. We also ordered spare ribs to split.After a round of water and complimentary fried noodle chips, we were served or appetizer. The spare ribs came out nice and hot... The flavor was delicious! A perfect combo of sweet and savory.Next, my sushi order... The chandler roll was great. I usually don't do rolls, but I'm glad I did. The roll was beautiful and the taste matched. And for six dollars, I can't complain.The rest of the food was great, we were all stuffed. The service was also amazing. I know its tough in that shopping center so I hope they stick around! Definitely will visit this place when I'm back in town.
3	Decided to try this place out for lunch one day, since we work down the road. Great lunch specials large portions and decent price. Food was all good standard american chinese. Plus a light sushi bar. Service was quick and polite.
4	I haven't physically eatten at the resturant but we got a flyer at our door and we decided to try it. We had company over and I went rather crazy trying out new foods and of course, I took advantage of the sushi. No place in Arizona delieveries sushi. All in all the whole house was impressed. The sushi was great and the orange chicken was wonderful too. Not too spicy at all but you can taste the orange in there. We are defantely ordering from them again.
1	I have not eaten here for about a month due to a nasty case of food poisoning I am sure was from this restaurant. For sushi, we will stick with Mikado which is right across the street.
3	I was really surprised at this place. Got a little scared when I found it empty but was pleasantly surprised. I can't speak for the sushi. Personally I never eat sushi during the warm months especially in AZ. But my daughter had the orange chicken which I usually hate because it's usually mushy from most places. This was crispy and great. I had the Mongolian chicken that was a bit spicy but not too spicy. I can't believe Pei Wei get's so much business cause it stinks. We will definitely come here again.
1	YuckIn a word "Yuck" . All items taste like they were cooked in old oil. Never again. We will be going back to Asian Grill.
1	This place is not good. I don't know what planet they come from, but it was not any shrimp tempura I have ever seen or eaten. The fried rice is cold, mushy and bland, and the General Tso's chicken is barely passable. Not coming back.
1	The worst service ever. DO NOT order take out the idiots will screw up your order every time, then when you go back to complain they don't apologize, they don't even loo at you, the people just hope you go away. KEEP AWAY!!!! I will never go back.
1	I would give zero star if I could have. 8 of us from the office ordered some food today, we called at 11 to have it delivered at 11:30. The guy was an hour late and only brought 7 orders. Worst place ever.
2	Very poor quality - food tasted reheated and old.  When they first opened it was TOP Notch considering no one spoke English :-( but they were generous & thankful for our patronage.   Once they obtained there liquor license all went down  hill.  It's appears to be reheated & reheated over and over again - and maybe even recycled dishes from leftovers.   Idk - but nothing tastes fresh anymore
3	It's your basic chinese place. We go here for lunch every now and then and I've tried numerous lunch. I didn't like the orange chicken but the Kung Pao is really good. What's really nice is the price and quantity. You'll get soup, wantan chips, an eggroll and your meal for $7. That keeps us coming back
1	Decided to give it a shot.  Food was delivered cold, chicken was old and hard, low mein was burnt.   Called back to get a refund.   Food was not edible!  Definitely won't be a repeat customer.  Sticking with Beijing up the street in the frys parking lot.  WAY better food!
