3	Here are the facts:1) Husband goes through button down shirts faster than I go through a pan of brownies (well, not really, but close)2) I don't really like to iron, nor do I do it well, ditto husband3) Jos A Bank runs more sales than any store imaginable.Considering these three facts, it's understandable that I find myself in Jos A Bank once every quarter or so to pick up some button downs for dear husband. The shirts are nice - especially the Traveler's Collection - no iron required! They also have a solid variety of suits, accessories, sweaters, etc. A few points to note for shoppers...-Sales folks *can* be pushy and a bit overbearing. This completely depends on the day and the person helping you. Sometimes I've had to politely ask for some time and space to just look around a bit. -It seems like they have a fire sale every week. You can catch these over hyped promotions on the radio and on local cable. I'm still waiting for the moment where the commercial says "Buy one sweater, get the entire store for FREE!"So, I will continue to go here because hubs likes some of the wares, it can be affordable with the right sale and it's easy.
4	Yep - I'm a fan. Any place that sends me a daily email with a new SALE for the day/week gets my vote. Is it a custom suit or Nordstroms quality? No. But it doesn't try to be either. Good quality and a great price...period. My favorites are the Signature suits; travelers non-iron shirt; cuff links and their sweaters. Great place to shop for the following...yourself; husband or Dad/Grandpa. It's a chain, some better than others. Sales people aren't that knowledgable, but better than Mens Warehouse IMO. They're located across the country and the odds that one is located withing 15 miles of wherever you are is high!
3	As someone who wears a full suit six days out of the week, it's important to establish a relationship with a clothier who can meet (and even anticipate) your needs. Jos A Bank typically does a good job of this, but it seems that this location is not completely up to speed. The quality of clothing from Jos A Bank is fairly good, and I like many of their Signature suits as well as their Traveler shirts. My problem with this location is a few of the salesmen (not all) are too eager to sell and do not listen to your needs or help to get you in a properly fitted suit. If he's available, ask for Glen, he will actually listen to you and give you plenty of personal attention. The tailor at this location has also been subpar in my experience.If you're looking to take advantage of one of their huge sales, I would suggest having a good idea of what you want before you go, then take your suits to your own tailor. It's classic mark-up mark-down, but you really can't beat Buy One Get Two Free on suits. In the meantime, take your hard-earned dollars to Brooks Brothers at Phillips Place, or if you really value personal service, Taylor Richards & Conger.
1	Don't go here for Tuxes.Went here to register my groomsmen for tux rentals for my upcoming wedding.  Absolutely AWFUL experience.  Clearly the salespeople make little to no commissions on tux rentals as they were much more concerened with the customers walking through the door than they were with me and my groomsmen.  I went by myself, so maybe they didn't take me seriously; but, after this terrible experience I canceled my order and went to Men's Warehouse by Northlake Mall which was MUCH better.  In fact, if you have any questions about tux rentals, please go see Kim at MW.  She was Incredible, walked me through the entire process, helped me find exactly what I wanted, and much cheaper as well...
5	We ordered wedding suits from Jos A Bank SouthPark a few months ago and received excellent customer service. Ordering suits for guys that are strewn across the country was a major task and the staff at Jos A Bank made the process as painless as possible. We got an excellent deal and Jos A Bank threw in free shipping (even for the suit that was going to a groomsan who lives in HI).
1	Weddings are stressful, dealing with the incompetent, unprofessional staff at Jos. A Bank made things even more stressful. They were completely unorganized, unpleasant, and down right rude. A little customer service and professionalism could go a long way. 4 out of 6 of the groomsman's tuxedo measurements were wrong; incorrect shoe size, pants way too long, shirts way too big, missing items, etc.  When we should have been enjoying the pre-wedding festivities, we were making last minute trips to Jos. A Bank to get the proper sized garments that weren't right the first or second time. On several occasions we had the displeasure of dealing with Anthony, he was completely unhelpful and rude. He's not even suited to work the counter at McDonalds, let alone a high-end retail store. Do yourself and your wedding party a huge favor and avoid purchasing and/or renting tuxedos from Jos. A Bank.
2	Came in about 4 times to finally get the suit we wanted. Originally found it online only to come to the store and have them not find it. Then found it online and found it in the store again and had it ordered. Then 3 days later found it for $60 cheaper on their website and told they might be able to accommodate the change in price.Specific to this store, the staff was not the most attentive between either hard to find a staff person or getting their attention. Have been to other Jos A Bank with better experiences. You would think being in SouthPark area that it would have better service but that is wrong.
