5	FINALLY a goddamn Chinese Food place that delivers. I've been asking for 2 years for one that delivers, especially in my area... and now I've finally gotten my wish... To top it off? Their food is GOOD. This place took the place of the recently deceased Pick Up Stix, which I will definitely not miss... (Sorry, shitty chinese fast food is not my idea of tasty... this goes for all the ones in the area... Pei Wei, Pick Up Stix and especially Panda Express...) The restaurant is quaintly decorated. Not too extravagant or flashy. Their food is VERY afforable, and they have smaller portions for take-out or delivery if you desire. There are plenty of lunch specials, along with options for children as well. The place is VERY clean inside, and is much better than the former business in that space. They have a minimum order amount for delivery of $15. There is a $3 service charge and a 4 mile radius. The hours there are Sunday-Thursday 11-9:30, and Friday-Saturday 11-10.The owner Bob even came out and greeted my bf and I while we were eating. I let him know I'm definitely impressed and will be referring business to him from all my friends and neighbors in the area. Also, for those of you who dislike MSG. This place does not use any in their food.
3	This was very mediocre delivery Chinese food. The typical fat-laden goopy crap you see everywhere. They do deliver, which is great.. but so do many others. I didn't particularly enjoy anything I ate... I had some sort of orange chicken and a mongolian beef.. but just very *eh*. My fiance thought they were ok, so I'm bumping it up from the 2 stars I'd give it.
3	The food here is very hit and miss, with the hits being great and the misses being pretty bad.  I really enjoy the kung pao chicken which is flavorful and not too greasy.  The pad thai (yeah, it's a chinese restaurant but it's on the menu) is surprisingly good.  I would avoid the pork dishes which use bbq pork slices and are very bland.  Try the small portions first to see what you like and go on from there.BTW, the service is here always really friendly and quick.  Big smile for that!
1	This is some of the worst Chinese food I've ever had. My wife and I ordered the pork fried rice, and chicken lo mein only to be greeted with the greasiest, scummiest Chinese food I've ever had. The pork in the fried rice was spongy and fatty. The lo mein was weighed down with way too much oil. The price is fair but better suited for edible foods.Once again, this is probably the worst Chinese food I've had, and if Chinese food is SO BAD it stands out as being worse than the worst, there is a real problem.
3	The good was pretty good - I would ask that they use the chicken pieces from the sweet and sour chicken for the lemon chicken - It alot more flavorful - The BBQ Pork Fried Rice is awesome - Overall great food for the area compared to Panda Express.
3	The food here is ok.  Reasonable prices.  The first time I went I had the MuShu Pork which was good, but the second time I got Cashew Chicken which just did not do it for me.  Food came out fast.  But it took forever for the waiter to take care of our bill because he got ONE other table.
1	I can't eat at a place that is 86 degrees. I know that electricity costs go way up in Summer but I will never go here again. Even though the food was OK.
5	It's nice to finally be able to get Chinese food delivered! It's made to order, so it's nice and fresh when it comes to you. The portions for the price are pretty damn good! For $23.95 before tax, we got 2 orders of soup, 4 fried wontons, 2 egg rolls, 2 good sized main dishes, 2 cartons of white rice, and 1 carton of chicken fried rice. I also got an order of egg foo young, which was so tasty! Because we spent over $25, we also got a free order of California sushi rolls. They are quick with deliveries and the driver has been super nice both times we've ordered. We will definitely continue to order from there!
4	You can't ask for anything better for the price and location...better food around? Yes...but not delivered at the price..
