5	Awesome hotel. The facilities are nice and the rooms are clean. These guys are really into giving things out for free - free breakfast, free dinner and, oh yea... 3 free cocktails/drinks for each night you stay! They also have discounted rates for MWU students and a free shuttle that takes you to/from campus.  Will definitely stay here again if I'm in the Phoenix area.
5	Very clean and comfy too. Woke up refreshed and smiling. Would stay here again in a heart beat. The freebies are AWESOME. Great food and drinks.
5	The answer is yes....What can you not like about a hotel that offers a free hot breakfast, wifi, fitness center, happy hour snack, and 3 free drinks!I'm a poor college student so saving money and getting good value out of meals is what I live for.  The hot breakfast had fruits, waffles, sausage, oatmeal, assorted breads, eggs, yogurt, and more.  I was satisfied.  The happy hour snack consisted of chicken strips, hot dogs, baked potatoes, chips, and more.  Not exactly 5 star food, but my taste buds were rejoicing after a complimentary meal.Now the best part was the 3 free drinks (mixed, wine, beer).  I'm not sure if this was a special or not, but it was a pleasant surprise not advertised.  I was here for a dental school interview, and i am also asian, so the clear choice was to utilize the 3 free drinks.The room is a great size.  I only had one person (king bed) so unfortunately I couldn't jump back and forth between the beds, but there was enough space to fit 6 people since there was a pullout bed in the living room.  Everything was neat and clean with good lighting.  I don't have high expectations for soap, towel, and toilet paper quality but the toiletries were on par with most embassy suite level hotels.WORD OF WARNING:Pack some static paper for laundry or something because the rug will shock the hell out of you.  I don't care if you're wearing dress shoes, socks, athletic shoes, or sandals you'll be given the business without fail.  I tried every technique in the book to avoid it and ended up using a t-shirt to open the door every time...I'm no MacGruber but I did graduate college.~ 12 minute drive to Midwestern University in the morning and there isn't any trafficPS. Parking is not a problem since it's a fairly new property there is plenty of space.Final Word: Yes
5	Great hotel and even better services. Staff was incredibly nice and seemed genuinely concerned about us as guests. Many extras too, like free drinks (beer, wine, mixed), hot food in the evening, fresh popcorn in the lobby, as well as a nice indoor/ outdoor pool and hot tub. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
4	Checked in last night with a large group of people and gotta say: the staff is super professional and very nice. Clean, quiet rooms. Amenities are quite as nice as the Marriott (small pool), but there is free WiFi (connection is good and consistent) and breakfast and dinner snacks come with your room. So, good value.
5	We recently stayed here with a big group for a wedding that was taking place nearby. The customer service was exceptional! We had to ask for numerous extras and they were more than willing to help us! The hot breakfast was excellent as was the drink and snack hour in the evening. I would highly recommend this hotel!!
3	Booked this hotel based on location and indoor pool.  Very few hotels in the Phx area have indoor pools.  My daughter loves to swim and with our visit being over the winter and the avg temp 55 degrees, indoor pool was a priority.Kendall, the assistant manager greeted us at check-in and took care of the process.  Kendall was the best part of our visit.  He was polite, personable, sincere, knowledgeable and helpful.  He noticed that 2 of our 5 nights were booked at a higher rate and without us asking, he lowered the rate to match the other night's lower rates( saving us $60 )!  I asked for directions to our family's residence and he immediately printed door to door directions.Once we left check-in, our stay turned sour.  We immediately noticed trash on the grounds leading to the front entrance, smeary front door glass and sticky elevator buttons.  At first glance, our 2-room suite seemed clean, but keep in mind we had been traveling for 12 hours and were weary.  Kendall had to.d us about the "kick-back" happy hour/snack happening as we arrived.  We took the dirty elevator down to this complimentary feature, but quickly lost our appetite as we witnessed more debris filled floors, sticky, dirty soda ,chime and a buffet area in need of great attention.  The pasta dish was dried up with marinara bone-dry penne noodles.  The tortilla chips were stale and the utensils we handled were sticky, greasy and/or dirty.  It appeared there was just one person manning this area, serving as food preparer, bartender and everything in between.  Cleanliness was not a priority.I did not sleep well because I kept feeling a gritty feeling in the bed sheets.  I finally removed the bedding and used my clothes as blankets.  Once I entered the shower, I saw hair along the floor of the tub that was not mine.I reluctantly visited the morning breakfast which was also included with the room.  My expectations were low and I did not eat a thing because of the lack of cleanliness and sanitation.  More of the same from the night before, but also filthy table tops and the same debris and more on the floors,  the TRASH receptacle had a swing door you push to dispense your personal trash and it was covered with dried gravy.  Just gross!My daughter wanted to swim after breakfast.  The pool area seemed cleaner than the rest of the hotel and ,y only complaint for the pool area would be the unsafe tile floor surrounding the pool.  In the 30 minutes my daughter swam, I witness 3 separate people fall on the slick flooring.  If you think it's because they were kids running, you are wrong.  2 were adults, and one toddler.  The toddler actually  fell backwards and hit her head on the hard surface.  On my way out for the day I stopped by the front desk to complain.  Kendall was working again.  He had been so courteous from the night before I almost hesitated to complain, but I did.  He listened intently and reassured me housekeeping would take extra care while cleaning my room and would address the other cleanliness issues.  He also apologized.As I left the hotel that morning, I saw Kendall at the front desk and I complained to him.  He listed intently, apologized and said he would make sure housekeeping
4	Great affordable rooms. The place has a good happy hour, breakfast, and smaller indoor/outdoor pool and hot tub (jets currently out of use). Very pet friendly. Recommended.
5	As far as a hotel that caters to both business persons and families, I would give this a solid 5 star.  It is not a luxurious resort as a Ritz, but it is very clean and offers a lot of space and amenities.  Being in Phoenix in mid-June, we really needed an indoor pool.  It is a unique indoor/outdoor pool.  Not huge, but every day it was just myself and the boys in the pool.  The hotel offers a full breakfast  - hot items like eggs, waffles, oatmeal, etc and cold items like cereal, yogurt, fruit, juice, milk, etc.  At night they have a free reception - basically a free dinner.  Every evening, there is a basic salad, fresh cut veggies, a soup, chips, nachos, hot dogs, baked potato, pasta with sauce and meatballs.  Plus, you have unlimited soft drinks. It is a great value!Our room is a large 2 room with small separate kitchen with table, chairs, sink, fridge, micro and large counter.  Living room has a pullout sofa, desk w/chair and large tv.  Private bedroom is large with 2 queen beds and large tv - plus a large bathroom.  Free wireless internet in the room with plenty of tv channels to choose from.  It is perfect for a family or business travel.Every worker that I have come across is very friendly and helpful.  I read another review that stated the hotel was not very clean...during our stay, the hotel (our room and all the public rooms) were very clean.  I am a neat freak and it looks like it is constantly being kept up.  All in all, very happy with our choice and I would stay here again!
4	Nice, quiet spot away from busy city centers.We've stayed in a Drury before, thus the ability to use points for a King room with jacuzzi.  EXCELLENT!Clean, nice and updated with great breakfasts and kid-friendly "happy-hour" though on this visit we did not partake.Conveniently located to enough amenities like shopping, dining, massage and hiking, but more restful than being in downtown anywhere-else.Staff was friendly and helpful; day attendant gave us an extra-late check-out perhaps in honor of our anniversary.  Evening attendant suggested a "massage parlor" just up on Happy Valley.  Umm, I think the word you were looking for was massage therapy.Our room was fine.  Nothing fancy, but clean and comfortable though I would have loved to have the jacuzzi open to the room and a firmer bed.  I did LOVE the jacuzzi and now I understand why they don't put bubble bath, shower get or shampoo anywhere near it (it was in dispensers in the shower).  I used it twice and it filled extremely quickly with as hot of water as I could stand.The pool was delightful after a hike in the nearby Deem hills especially with an indoor/outdoor transition.  Did not try the jacuzzi here...why would I?  Private bathing is much preferred.Great stay perfect for relaxation!
5	Awesome hotel! a little on the expensive side but well worth it.
4	This hotel was both comfortable and inexpensive, and for that I'll happily give them four stars.My request for an upper floor away from the elevator was honored, and everyone working the front desk was very nice.  My room itself was clean and comfortable-- big enough bathroom, nice bed, reasonable temperature control.  WiFi is free and works consistently, which is a definite perk.  I didn't have time to use them, but the pool and gym looked nice enough.  The room comes with a free happy hour and afternoon snack-- the snack part was kind of laughable (hot dogs and Kraft mac n' cheese), but I'll never complain about a free glass of wine.  Breakfast was included as well.The location seemed pretty isolated, but if work or vacation are bringing you to the far north side of Phoenix, Drury is a fine choice.
4	This is a very nice, very clean family hotel. Only problem is the walls appear to be thin and you hear a lot of noise from the hallway.
4	My family stayed here recently.  I was most impressed with the professionalism of the staff and the quality of the place  The evening and breakfast  buffets were a great experience.  I would not think twice about staying here again.
5	I would have gone out of my way to stay here if I would have known how nice this place is. We missed the diner, but it was explained that its free with drinks every night. Breakfast is more than cereal, hard bagels, and juice. Its a real breakfast. Indoor/outdoor pool. Gym. Free wi-fi. Rooms are nice. Bed it not rock hard. Staff is very friendly. I will definitely stay here again.
4	This hotel is clean, comfortable, and reasonably priced. They are dog-friendly (with a small nightly fee) which is nice when our family dog Daisy comes to visit. They have free breakfast and happy hour in which three alcoholic drinks are included. Their breakfast is kind of a joke but it's free! They usually have popcorn in the lobby so it smells nice. Overall, a nice hotel to stay at and they always provide consistently good service.
