4	We recently took our pug to a fundraiser event that included pet grooming where all proceeds went to a shelter.  At the event there were at least 5 different mobile dog groomers, Couture Clips being the one we picked for our baby.  She had a nice van that she loaded him up into and bathed away.  Pugs are not very hard to groom but I think she did an excellent job.  She was very thorough and gave Bogart a lot of comfort through his bath.  If you're looking for someone to come to you to get your pets cleaned up I would definitely recommend Couture.
5	REALLY friendly, great with the dogs and the prices are comparable to regular groomers. If you are sick of waiting 5 hours to pick up your dog then you are in luck. Not only was she on time, she crank out my two huge mutts in no time. I was shocked to hear the price. It was the SAME we pay at petsmart (wayyy better job than they ever did) without the annoyance of waiting all day to get them. My younger dog is out of control and slightly unbearable at times and she handled him with a smile. I plan to use this service on a regular basis and suggest you all do too!
5	I LOVE Couture Clips!  What a wonderful groomer - I have 2 shih tzu's and she did an amazing job.  I've been looking for a great mobile groomer for a LONG time and I finally found one!
4	This place is a great little gem I found for my silky terrier.  She isn't the typical small breed dog, she is rough and tough and loves to be stinky and dirty.  This requires some short hair maintenance to keep her ickyness minimal.  Our last groomer refused to shave my dog, telling me her hair was too beautiful and she deserved a show cut.  La La La, my dog may have beautiful hair, but not when she has twigs and we still don't know what that was stuck to it.    They are always super friendly and my dog never seems scared when I get there.  Oh and the "sani cut" is standard with them, I don't have to pay extra for it when I go.  Thank you for keeping my girl clean!!!
5	Carina impressed me the moment she arrived! My dog, Jake, ran right to her. He left a scruffy little muffin. After only one hour, he returned a dapper little dude. His cut was done to perfection. After four plus hours at some of the other places, he returned with nicks, scrapes and an irritated bum. This was certainly not the case this time. We will definitely be calling COUTURE CLIPS next time he needs a trim!! Excellent choice!!
5	I was SO impressed with the service that I couldn't wait to write a review.  I have four big dogs, ranging in age from 10 years - 14 years old so not only are they bigger, but they're hard to move around.  Carina was a pro, handled my kids with care, and they were clean in under 2 hours.  WOW.  I will definitely use her again.
5	I heard about Couture Clips through a charity event, Beauty to the RESCUE.  I couldn't have felt more comfortable with their service, and the happiest of the bunch was my dog. They did an outstanding job, and I would recommend them to anyone looking for an easy, expert grooming for their pet.
