5	Great staff and service at this vet! Very accommodating with fitting you into the schedule. Also, once an established client the will answer questions and concerns over the phone. The interiors are newly remodeled and look great! Plus there is a small retail area up front with toys and food for sale. Highly recommend!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE the Hillside Animal Hospital.  I am so glad I made the switch.  I cannot say enough good things about my experience. The staff was professional, friendly and most importantly they were so sweet to my dog.  The office is beautiful and the customer service is impeccable!  The doctor and vet tech were very knowledgeable.  I was also impressed with the follow up.  It just couldn't be any better!
5	Not only do I love the service and care my dogs receive at Hillside but my dogs love it too!  They treat each dog as if they were a member of their own family.  The front desk staff is always kind and professional.  The techs are WONDERFUL!  If you want the best for your pet, you have to go here.
5	Amazing staff and extremely talented doctors.  They really do treat eat pet as family.  We took all four of our dogs here while we lived in North Scottsdale.  It was a bit of a drive but so worth it for the exceptional care.
5	Simply the best veterinary hospital we have experienced anywhere, over multiple decades and  pets.  Our two cats and three dogs receive superb care, based not only on the skill of the veterinarians and vet techs, but also the level of in-house equipment that enables immediate testing of various conditions.  Follow-up by the vet involved always occurs - they care about how our animals are doing.  Also, when it is time to let a beloved animal companion go, the compassion shown is real, and underscores concern for the client as well as the pet.We would never consider an alternative.  Whether your animal needs basic services such as spay, neuter, vaccinations - or analysis and treatment of more difficult conditions, Hillside Animal Hospital in our view, is the answer.
5	Hillside has been my vet for 8 years since moving from Dallas.  They treat my furry family as one of their own.  I had to put one my dogs to sleep a few years ago (congestive heart failure) and the vet cried with me the entire time.  As did the receptionist.  I just lost another my babies a few weeks ago and the technician Matt made her paw print in plaster for me and put a small red heart in the corner.  He knew I called her my heart that runs around on 4 legs.  The staff at Hillside are really family.CEW
5	We've taken our resident zoo to Hillside Animal hospital for close to a decade.  We had some ups and downs with several other practices when we first arrived in Arizona, then a fellow dog park patron recommended Hillside. Great practice. Other veterinarians in the area didn't seem interested in listening to our ideas or concerns about our pets or our feedback about their service and products - they talked at us rather than with us.  Not so at Hillside, and that's a big deal to us. Dr. Brad Rosonke and Dr. Nicola Council are skilled, professional and compassionate. And yes, they listen - the communication is definitely two-way.  Now that they've opened Hillside Unleashed right next door to the practice, we use the day care services, and for the first time, feel comfortable boarding our three dogs when we're out of town.  I don't usually rate businesses five-star, but in this case it's warranted.
5	I have been taking our cat Boris to Hillside since we moved here from Michigan in 2007.  Boris has had excellent care from both Dr. Rosonke and Dr. Council, as well as the veterinary technicians Gayle, Heidi, and Matthew.  The front desk staff have also been incredibly helpful in getting Boris in quickly for a recent health problem, they are wonderful.  Thank you Andria, Audrey, Amanda and Kelly.  Everyone here really understands that having a sick pet is a very difficult time both physically for the pet and emotionally for the owners.  Everyone here is so supportive and they truly care about the care your pet receives.   You cannot go wrong with bringing your pet here for both wellness care and illness issues.  I highly recommend Hillside Animal Hospital.
5	From the moment I walked in the door, I felt at ease. Courtney greeted me and was cheerful and professional. Coco and I were greeted next by Matthew. Immediately you feel comfortable with Matt. He is very clear in the way he explains things to you. His genuine concern for both the animal the owner translates in his every word. Dr. Rosonke, immediately struck this great balance between casual talk and the task at hand. It helped ensure we were relating at a comfortable level. He maintained a professional demeanor, but made me feel at ease. He analyzed the situation, made appropriate recommendations and developed a workable solution.After Dr Rosonke left, Matt made sure I understood what we learned on that visit, next steps and how to best help Coco. I left more educated and confident in her care. The last participant in my Hillside adventure was Nikki (I think?). As with everyone, cheerful, professional and friendly. Start to finish my experience was first class.Thank you Hillside.
5	We've been bringing our cats to Hillside Animal Hospital for years.   This place is amazing.  There are so many wonderful things to say about Hillside.  5 years ago we moved to the area and we had had previous vet care from a place in Chandler where they couldn't diagnose what was wrong with our cat, Tuffy.  Dr. Rosonke is THE MAN, he was able to diagnose our little boy and we had a great treatment plan.   Hillside is a one stop Doctors visit for your furry babies.  They have everything they need in house. You don't need to schedule separate appointments to go to a specialist or a lab to get tests done.  Dr. Rosonke and his staff can do it ALL!   The front lobby and exam rooms are warm, trendy and inviting; not the typical cold and smelly vets office you're used to.  In one of the exam rooms, they have a couch with a tv in it where my cat can sit and watch the aquarium fish tank channel.  In each exam room is a computer plus flat screen so they can go over all test results, ultrasounds, X-rays, etc. with you.   On the wall are artsy animal pictures; no Garfield and Otis pictures in here!  Oh, and they also have a gift shop with fun toys, collars, leeches and food that are all carefully picked with the staff's stamp of approval. The customer service at Hillside is amazing. Everyone is super friendly.  It's kind of like walking into Cheers, everyone knows your name.  As soon as you open the doors you're greeted by your first name, they even greet your pet too.   The environment feels wonderful, they are all in great moods, smiling and looks like a happy work family.  You won't need to worry about anyone mistreating your pet cause they're having a bad day.   I will never take our animals anywhere else.  We love Hillside Animal Hospital.
5	Ummm, this place is nicer than 95% of human doctors' offices. It doesn't smell like a veterinary office. When I have made an appointment with them, I have been seen on time. I have received phone calls after each visit to make sure my dogs are okay. They have  accommodated me with after hours requests for my dog's medicine. I am grateful to have found this place.
5	These guys and gals have been beyond great. They treat all our animals. A couple of months ago, my 14-year-old Old English Sheepdog died. I was home alone, have arthritis in my knees and spine, and could not move my 80 pound dog; on top of which I was terribly upset. Within an hour Hillside dispatched a two-person crew with a dog-sized stretcher to pick up our Chrissie, cover him with a blanket, and take him away. The doctor called later in the day to reassure me that it was a quick and painless death and there is nothing anyone could have done. 14 years for an OES is like 110 human years, 3 years past max life expectancy. When we were ready, my husband went in and settled our bill, which they never sent us. And they sent us a sympathy card. At all times they acted with sympathy, tact, and respect, regarding our loss. We are Hillside customers for life.
