3	I went with a bunch of friends since the hype was immense. I'm not sure the experience lived up to it really. The space is cute and kitschy, full-on pink! The employees were absolutely not interested and a girlfriend explained it all to me rather than the staff. The flavours you get to choose from are pretty neat, the coolest I remember were cheesecake, rice pouding, cotton candy and green tea! But again, no employees were there to give us samples or anything. The cheesecake flavor was alright, a bit too lemony for my taste, but the raspberry I chose to go with it was excellent!The real fun is choosing your toppings! Lots of chocolate, oreos, poptarts, and cookie dough! But if you're feeling a bit more health-conscious or anything, definitely give the fruits a try, they are DELICIOUS and, for once, RIPE! You pay by weight (which is where everyone gets screwed). So roughly it's 1,50$ per 100g but don't let that scare you or you'll end up like me: getting a tiny bit of everything to stare back at the bottom of your cup and sorely regretting it..
4	DIY frozen yogurt, and something I`ve never seen before:  DIY big cookies!  I didn`t try this but there were a few couples on dates that picked out components for a cookie that the staff bakes for you.(takes ~8-10 min as it has to bake and cool)If you want your cookie dough in the uncooked variety, that can be added to your yogurt too ;)
4	Nice place to hangout with gf :)
2	Yeh is Meh.The concept may be interesting, but I feel as though the flavors are not all that great, the toppings are fine, but the final price is what gets me every time!!! It's very easy to get a combination that will cost you almost 10 dollars (and that's with a small amount of yogurt and some fruit!!!)Decor is cute, staff is ok on occasion...not the best place to cool down in the hot Montreal sun...
3	There's a decent selection of flavors here. The froyo isn't that flavorful because there's more of the yogurt taste to it, which can be good or bad depending how you prefer them. The froyo is fairly inexpensive.I also got a strawberry chocolate crepe, which they make with Nutella. I thought it was okay but at that point I was pretty full. I thought it tasted okay, I had higher expectations but then again it was my first time eating one.I would drop by if I were ever craving for froyo.
3	It's ok frozen yoghurt, but like what others have said it has more of the yoghurty taste than other frozen yoghurt I have had.  There are plenty of flavors to choose from as well as lots of toppings.  However, since the final price is determined by weight, you should limit the amount of toppings.  If not, you could end up with a hefty bill (for frozen yoghurt standards!).  If you need to get a quick fix of something sweet to cool down, Yeh is not a bad choice.
3	YEH! This city is only starting to pick up on the Fro-Yo chains, but I will have to say, it's Frozen Yogurt and Im okay with the yogurty taste!They had this amazing Peanut Butter flavour, my initial reaction was "ew", but then I got to sample it and AAAHHHMAAAZING! mix that with the chocolate and you are set for a lil decadence!Some flavours I found just waaay tooo sweet (cinnamon bun, cappuccino) some too tart (raspberry) and some too sweet but still delicious (pina colada). Green Tea was overly matcha-y.Topping choices: Surprised they had mochi! (Japanese dessert), fresh fruits, chocolate, candy, cookie dough, brownies, peanuts, almonds, crush flaxseeds, oreos, hot fudge, caramel, chocolate chips, coconut... I could go on and on and on.Also yes, pay by weight can be disastrous to the wallet, not to mention the one cup fits all, which pretty much begs you to fill it, but as long as you're conscious of it, you'll be fine kiddo. With it's late hours, and the hot weather, I'm definitely going to be at Yeh! pretty often.
4	Great spot for frozen yogurt. Unlike TCBY and yogen fruz this stuff actually tastes like yogurt.  According to the employee their ingredients are fresh including the yogurt (no powders or additives) and in most cases the flavorings are as natural as they come, eg. Fresh strawberries or mango, even real cake batter.In case you are overwhelmed with the choices in flavors I recommend original with white chocolate chips and strawberries.
3	Wandered by one evening after dinner and the bright funky decor caught my eye - decided to check it out - I love the idea of a frozen yogurt buffet - and that you can mix and match to try more then one flavour!  You pay by weight so if you only want a small snack you can fill your bowl a bit - if you want a big 'ole heaping meal of my-boyfriend-is-a-jerk you can pile it on large!
5	I loved this place! Can we have one of these in NYC please? Someone please, please, open one of these in NYC!Maybe it's the little girl in me but, I loved making my own sundae! Self serving the yogurt and then the toppings until I had some kind of cotton candy/vanilla pineapple, chocolate, strawberry monstrosity to gleefully walk back down rue St Catherine with.Yogurt, toppings, fresh fruit - everything was tasty. Sundaes prices by weight though soooooo reign in your decadence accordingly if money is a concern.
3	Having missed the ice cream at Bilboquet and deciding on cupcakes over frozen treats at Les Glaceurs an impromptu frozen yogurt stop at Yeh! would interrupt our travels midday on a particularly warm afternoon.  With my family still feeling the effects of a hefty lunch and myself simply wanting to see how this Fro-Yo stacked up to some of the better options I've had in Boston and Los Angeles I made my way into the brightly colored store and grabbing a large bowl proceeded to partition out perhaps an ounce of each option - the total less than $3.00 but plenty for a good sampling.Noting here that most frozen yogurt has generally failed to wow me in the past my tasting started out with the 'original' and with just a touch of sour beneath the sweet this flavor was more of the same - good, but nothing I'd crave...but thankfully the rest would prove much better with a unique array of flavors including Caramel Dipped Apple, Red Velvet, Peanut Butter, Java, and Dark Chocolate all showing off strong flavors and a light texture, the apple and java particularly memorable and although not as much to my fancy as ice cream or gelato a decent enough choice in a city with a veritable dearth of quality frozen goods.
3	Good selection of flavored and even wider selection of toppings.  Lots to choose from so pick wisely.
4	I love their assortment of flavours that are constantly being changed up by season or month. I recently tried their raspberry & lemonade frozen yogurt, which was phenomenal. Other times, I've enjoyed their litchi, original, and blood orange. I prefer the more tangy-fruity flavours, as opposed to the dense flavours such as cookies & cream, peanut butter, etc. On a few rare occasions, I've found the froyo to be a little runny, but on most occasions I've been totally pleased.There are also numerous toppings to choose from, I stick to the healthy stuff like fresh fruits, nuts, seeds, and oats. Otherwise, you can choose from chocolate, syrups, biscuits, and rich toppings of that sort.However, it all adds up since prices are based on weight, so don't get too excited and go overboard. The cups are large and super easy to fill with all the choices available to you.
4	This location is better than the one on St. Laurent as it is larger and has more flavors. the flavors are usually good and the toppings are abundant, although it can add up in price if you want to have a decent portion
3	The place is very crowded at night, at all seasons!I believe they vary the flavours on a weekly or biweekly basis, every time I came here they always have something that surprises me.I like the idea of registering your cellphone for upcoming promotions, but it didn't last long, I wish they could make something better for their customer loyalty program.The yogurts are great, you can taste them in a small plastic cup before buying them. I really don't go for any sweets on top of my yogurt, because they're already pretty sweet for me.My only complaint is that the place is very messy, and the tables are all sticky with dried yogurt and all sorts of syrups. Probably should hire someone to clean them.Always a go-to place for late night desserts.
5	Absolutely nothing bad to say...except for the fact that I wish they delivered.........And wish that I could install their machines in my kitchen....There are SO many always-changing flavors here, so there's always something for everyone. I love the self-serve aspect. I like all the options there are for toppings ranging from chocolates, to gummy bears, to sprinkles, cereals, fruit, syrups, etc etc etc. Man do I feel like some Yeh right now.............The prices are reasonable (slightly high...), and I love that most of their yogurts are fat free (yes yes, they're loaded with sugar I know)...Which brings my to my only "con"...Sugar and fat free yogurt doesn't exist here.. am I asking for too much? Hehe..But really, go for some Yeh if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed!Ps....there's more than yogurt here...cookies, crepes, etc...
5	Yeh is simply amazing. The first and original frozen yogourt chain in Montreal. They've expanded a little all over downtown and every location serves more or less the same stuff, just different flavors that are always rotating.Some of my favorite are cheesesake, honey greek yogourt and all of their non-tangy fruits, like mango or strawberry.Once I went and they had cotton candy was which so yummy and a beautiful baby blue color but I never saw it since and I'm there quite often.Bunch of fun toppings like fruits, brownies, marshmallows, pop tarts and candies. I love their fruit syrups too.There so many varieties and ways to make this a real delicacy or healthy snack, it's up to you. Frozen yogourt is about 52 cents an ounce last time I inquired. Which means if you overfill their standard cup, it can cost 10$ (ouch!) but on most occasions, I leave there with quite a bit of toppings and yogourt for 4 or 5$.They also serve milkshakes/smoothies, cookies and crepes.Crepes are delicious, they use nutella and a combination of whatever fruits or toppings you want.Note: they have a loyalty program, ask for their stamped cards to get a discount after every 10th purchase.
5	Every time I treat myself to Yeh!, I'm always satisfied. They have great flavours and toppings. As a vegan, having TWO sorbet options really pulls me back in for more!
4	Self serve frozen yogurt should take over the world. They swap out their machine flavours and have 1000s of possible combinations with their toppings. They even have cookies and crepes now. Perfect place for a first date or catching up with a friend, but watch the weight of your serving or you might get a nasty surprise.
3	I went there with my wife she ordered crepe and i chose the frozen yoghourtThe crepe was not good maybe because they are not supposed to make it but the frozen yoghourt with a good variety of toppings ranging from chocolate to fruits was cool and tasty, they weigh it so don't worry about the portion go as u likeI chose a big load and it cost almost 5 bucks!
4	Great location for a self serve frozen yogurt place. It's always busy and the atmosphere is fun.Good idea for an afternoon date or to meet up with friends at night. They always have good music on so it makes it fun to be there.They have so many different flavor and even more choice for toppings. They also have crepe but I have not tried them yet. Fun place, great ambiance and good treat...nothing better than that!!!
4	Self serve frozen yogurt? What a FANTASTIC IDEA!Want a treat and want do it completely by yourself? This is the place to go. You can choose your flavor of yogurt (or choose several of them if you want), take the amount you want (you pay by weight - not selection) then proceed to choose the toppings you wish to garnish it with (there were about 40-50 of them), pay for it then ravage that delicious treat!Be careful though, it can get a little EXPENSIVE but what an innovative fun way to making your frozen yogurt treat the way YOU WANT IT.I went with half chocolate / half coconut yogurt with brownies and coconut shavings. The chocolate side was amazing, the coconut was too sweet for my taste. All in all very good. Will try again.They also serve crepes, it was... duly noted for my next visit. :)
