4	Good little place with a big selection, especially wines.  Many local WI wines that I can't find other places.  Other things I can find cheaper at Woodman's or other stores but this Steve's has one of the best selections for special bottles.
4	Great selection!  Although it may not necessarily be priced better than most, they not only carry it all, but know it as well.  On my first trip inside, I asked the clerk for recommendations of independent Wisconsin breweries, and he spent a good 5 minutes tailoring a wide selection right to my taste.  The best part is that this was AFTER they had my business and I told them this was just for future reference, as I was from out-of-state and would not be buying more.  Of course I lied and ended up getting another 6-pack, but it's the principle of the matter!On an unrelated note, they are also one of the only Midwestern places I've found to carry the legendary Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA,.  This automatically gives them a warm fuzzy place in my liver.
5	Jan is an amazing beer resource (she's the Beer Baroness after all), and Dominique sure knows his wine. You can't go wrong at Steve's as all of the staff is extremely knowledgeable and commonly receive exclusive items because they know what's what.  And if they don't have something, it's likely that they can special order it for you.  Sure, you might be able to find it 20 cents cheaper at a big box store, but you'll miss out on the excellent service, advice, and selection - this is especially true for people just starting down the road of connoisseurship, or who are looking to try something new.Also check out their University Avenue and McKee Road (Hwy PD) locations!
1	I've dropped a lot of coin at Steve's.  And I mean - A LOT.  I've bought a ton of extremely high-end whiskey, bourbon, scotch, and tequila, along with enough microbrewery beer to compete with a bustling tavern.Recent purchases have included: Pappy Van Winkle 23, Midleton Very Rare, Glenmorangie, Oban 18, Buffalo Trace, and 1942 - just to give you an idea... I've purchased from Steve's 4 times in the past 8 days.  The service has never been "warm and fuzzy" - despite knowing a fair amount about various liquors and wines, I'm no expert; the staff at Steve's is semi-helpful, and semi-rude.  I'd expect a gruff interaction if I were buying swill from a campus liquor store, but not from a place like Steve's on the corner of Junction and Mineral Point.Despite the less than consistent (and less than friendly) service, I liked Steve's, and I would've rated them at a solid 4-stars.  Until last night.A small group of three adults (each of us 40+) were in the area at about 8:45pm and decided to grab 2 bottles of wine and some soda.  We raced over to Steve's and were relieved to find it was still open.  As we approached the door, an employee sternly told us, "You literally have LESS than 1 minute to buy your sh&t and get the f*ck out of here."We said, "Pinot Grigio and Pinot Noir?"  He didn't answer.  So, two of us dashed for the wine; I made a b-line to the soda area.  There were 6 customers in the store; each was in line with their items. We were first up in line - the two bottles of wine were rung-up by the same "dude" who "greeted" us at the door with obscenities.  I approached with my soda, and the same employee turned to his co-worker and said, "F&ck this - we're done.  We're not doing this sh&t now.  Don't sell a f*cking thing to any of these people.  I'm not f*cking doing this - not tonight.  Everyone out!  EVERYONE OUT - NOW."I looked at him, with my soda in hand and said, "Not even a soda?"  And he said, "Get the f^ck out of here!"Wow.  I wish I was embellishing or exaggerating.  I was shocked, as were the other folks; we set our things down and filed out.  The guy then slam/pulled the door shut as we left.I vow that I will NEVER buy another item from Steve's ever again.  I'm glad to know that this location is being closed/annexed soon, and I can only hope that the colossal douche bag who was working there that evening lands his next job scrubbing porta-potties at the county chili festival.I fully realize that we were there dangerously close to 9:00pm; that's our bad, and it's totally on us.  But why even let us in?  Why not say, "Hey, sorry folks - we're at 9:00pm - you'll have to see us another day."Instead, he let us in, swore at us, and then made a scene in front of everyone in the store (the other customers were older folks as well - a grey-haired gentleman with a 12-pack of Miller Lite, and a couple that had a bottle of what appeared to be wine).  That's unprofessional in any arena.So, adios, Steve's.  I wish I could return the stuff I bought from you earlier this week.  I'd expect crappy service from the drones at Woodman's liquor store, but never from Steve's.  Believe me when I say that I'm done, and that I'm still shocked, some 20 hours later...
5	Steve's has a nice selection of beer, wine, and liquor.  I mostly come in here for the beer selection.  Some types of beer are a little more pricey here, but there are also beers here that are harder to find elsewhere in Madison.The staff here is wonderful.  They're knowledgeable about their products and are more than happy to answer questions.  I have often bought multiple 6 packs at once.  They have then provided me with a box for my purchases and carried it out to my car for me without me even asking.If you sign up for the email list, you'll get notified of tastings done at all the Steve's locations.  They do quite a few tastings for both beer and wine.
4	I always choose to go to Steve 's if I want to try something new.  The staff have always helped both my wife and I to find either new wine or new beer for us to try. They are always very knowledgeable and provide great customer service.  They have a great wine selection.
