1	What a joke! The Dr. told me to go to the hospital for a condition that could be easily treatable with some pills. Waste of time and money
3	I've given up trying to see my doctor for 'urgent' or same-day medical care. I've had to use UMC a couple times over the past 1+ years and while wait times can be long during peak hours, it's still a more pleasant experience than paying a visit to Southwest Medical Associates.  It isn't the cleanest office, but the front staff is usually friendly and doctor's seem knowledgeable. Although, like any urgent care, they'll try to get you in and out as quickly as possible.
1	Looking back at my reviews, I noticed that for the most part, they were all positive reviews.  Realizing that Yelp is not only a place to write positive reviews that will help build business, but a place to vent and voice criticisms of establishments that don't deserve business, I decided to write a bad review.......and by bad, I mean horrible.UMC Quick Care............Two things wrong with the name. One- "quick" and two "care" There was nothing quick about my visit.  I came in congested with a cough expecting to leave with the standard perscription of promethazine/codeine cough syrup, and be on my happy ass way.  WRONG! After sitting in the death, excuse me, waiting room for a total of an hour and a half with no one being helped, I took off.  If possible, I believe that my trip to UMC Quick Care got me even more sick.  As for the care part, didn't seem like anyone gave a hoot that I was hocking up masses of sludge that resembled banana slugs.My solution was to load up on nyquil and stay in bed.  Got over the sickness in three days, but would have been over it if I got the much needed purple stuff.Furthermore, from what I hear, all of the other locations are just as bad!So there you go.  Unless you have a real death wish, or tons of time to kill while you wait to figure out what's wrong with you, STAY AWAY FROM UMC "QUICK CARE" at all costs.
1	The facility was dirty, the wait for "Quick Care" was over 2 hours, and the doctor spent less than 3 mintues with us. Very disappointed in the medical care here. We have had better luck with Freemont Medical Center on Wynn Rd and Tropicana (although now I dont think its FMC but named something else).
4	My doctor wouldn't answer the phone, and I needed to see someone that same day. Yes, there was a wait, it's Urgent Care.....I expect wait. The staff was courteous, and the waiting room was as clean as could be expected. The Doctor, Dr Rodriguez was incredible, SO nice, and went out of his way to help me, although they couldn't treat me there at the clinic he worked with me to find a way to get treatment, with no insurance, quickly and as cheap as possible. He gave me his card, in case the other doc had questions, and I was off, with prescriptions to keep me comfy in the meantime. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is other than the doctor, no one went out of the way to be nice, they were jus doing their jobs, and being as pleasant as they could.
2	I've been to other locations and this was my first visit to this location. I walked in the door and some old Phyllis Diller doppleganger behind me screeched, "Thanks for nothing!" I exclaimed, "Pardon me your highness, what have I done to offend thee?" She screeched back, "Didn't you see me when you opened the door?"  Well obviously not or I would have held it open but she was a typical east coast parasite who thinks the world revolves around her. She had the stench of a crazy cat lady and the demeanor of a freshly released mental patient and her scent of Windsong and Vicks Vapor Rub stayed on my mind. She regaled the nonplussed nursing staff about her near death experience of seeing angels and her various health ailments and surgeries like your garden variety septuagenarian  then commenced her job of bitching about the government. This was just a tad too close to Mommie Dearest for yours truly so I had to ease on down to the other end of the waiting room to regain my composure. Bizarro World Phyllis Diller and I were the only ones there so to me the wait was excessive for the less than 2 minutes the doctor spent talking to me. Dr. Lee stopped listening about 30 seconds into my describing my ailments and said we need your money then sent in a woman to collect my money despite the fact that I was going to pay AFTER the visit as is customary in most first world countries. She kept my card over half an hour which left me wondering how long it would take me to fix my credit after her online spending spree. Taking a credit or debit card out of my sight in Vegas is totally unacceptable and they know it. Staff was apathetic at best and the doctor didn't even attempt any critical thinking. Good thing I already knew what was wrong with me. The doctor forgot to give me a work excuse and I checked my paperwork in the car before leaving then called to tell them they forgot it  and I was sending my teenager in to retrieve it.  The nurse argued with me about whether I had asked for a work excuse and as my miniature adult was standing before her in all his glory, she bitched about me not coming back to get it myself. I polite explained that I would snap if having to go back in myself as I am in extreme pain from bronchitis and a chipped tooth. She had me describe my child then grilled him about my identity as I listened and she spit out some of her first language expletives which I understand and hung up on me. Typical Vegas BS. I only go there to avoid going to the hospital in an emergency. This is my least favorite of the clinics I've been to in town. I knew it was a bad sign when I had to spell out the medications I'm allergic to for the nurse and she still got them wrong. The receptionist told me health care in Vegas is the worst and a scam. She told me she had 2 dental plans and still got a bill for $150 from her dentist.
1	Dr Lee was the dr for my two sons.  They both had very soar throats and congestion.  Both boys had been barley able to eat soup for the past 3 days.  Dr lee walked in, stated they needed to just "wait it out" and if we "requested" we could test for strep throat but he didn't mind either way.  Of course we did, after saying yes to the test he AGAIN made it clear he would be offering no prescriptions if the kids didn't have strep throat.  The dr left us in the room for 30 minutes and never came back. Isnt any type of soar throat uncomfortable for anyone.  strep throat is not the only type of throat infection. We were very unhappy with his 1 minute evaluation and careless bed side manner.  We left the room and went to pay out copays (which were useless) and the receptionist BECKY was very very VERY rude.  She was unhappy we were leaving before the dr *finished his paperwork*  I explained to her my kids can't even eat.  All we want is them to feel better so they can eat.  She replied with "I feed my kids before I come". How dare she ALSO have no compassion for sick children and an unwilling to help dr. She finished our visit off with smart and unnecessary compliments. If you can go to another clinic.  This is the worst dr I've been to in 25 years.
4	**UMC QUICK CARE NO LONGER TAKES AETNA INSURANCE AS OF 9-19-13**I went into the quick care on Thursday morning, trying to head off a cold, since I couldn't get in to see my primary care doctor. There weren't that many people waiting, from what I could tell, but I waited for an hour before going up to present my id, insurance card, and so on.  So after waiting an hour, the very nice woman taking my info informs me that my insurance isn't accepted. Needless to say, feeling that I'd wasted my time, I pitched a fit.  "How can you not take Aetna?!  Its one of the largest providers in the country!!!"She remained calm and professional:  "They didn't submit a contract for us this time, so we can't accept it.  We sent out notifications to our regualr patients, have you ever been here before?""No,I haven't, but I would expect Aetna to send something, which they didn't.  I'm sorry, I know its not your faul." She was awesome.  I wish I could remember her name...Shula? Something like that.  She was wonderful, and she gave me a list of other quick care centers in the area who DO still take Aetna.  She gave me the option of staying, since I'd waited so long, and receiving a free screening, notifying me that if there were tests or prescriptions that I'd have to pay a higher fee than I was used to, but suggested that I might be able to submit a claim to my insurance.  I told her I'd stay, with the intention of leaving to the other center if it looked like I'd have to get a prescription.  I waited another two minutes, and was taken back to see the doctor. I wish I would remember the doctor's name.  He was kind, thorough, and very nice.  It was a quick visit, but you know...when you have the common cold, there's not much that can really be done for it...at least he didn't try to swindle me out of money.  He put me down as a free screening, and recommended some over the counter remedies for me.I won't be going back to this location, as they don't take my insurance, but I found the staff to be kind and professional, and very caring.  I would recommend this location to people with other insurance.
5	This has been the best Quick Care I've experienced in the Valley. My husband and I have both been there separately, and we took our 16 month old daughter this morning, and they are continuously fabulous! Highly recommend!! Nurse CiCi and Nurse Valentina were so kind and helpful with my daughter. Everyone was very patient and accommodating. We were in and out in 45 minutes also. Makes going to Quick Care nothing to be dreaded when you go to a place like this.
2	Not much quick about it but what to you expect when you go in here during a heavy flu season.The staff does the best they can.  The lady who took my insurance and info to register me was very nice and they have to deal with a lot.  Patients coming by every 5 mins asking to be seen.My advice try to go really early or avoid during a busy season like the flu season on weekends if u don't like to wait.Thank god for smart phones and I pads!
3	UMC Quick Care? Well I feel like their name is a bit of a misnomer because there is nothing quick about the service you receive there. I've been to this location several times over the last two years because it is a short distance from my home. I always end up being there for a at least an hour and a half - about 5 to 8 minutes on average with the actual doctor and the rest waiting.  Went there a few days ago and to my surprise we were out in under an hour. The doctor we saw was also great - her name was Dr. Beduya-Princer.  She was understanding, compassionate, and thorough. If all my experiences with this location were as effortless as this past occasion, I would have rated them 5 stars for sure.
1	OMG this place is a nightmare!!! I have been sitting here for over a half hour and haven't even been CHECKED IN YET!!! Do the extra drive and DONT COME HERE!! It's an absolute ZOO and the employees look very unhappy and stressed...not too friendly either!!
1	HORRIABLE!!! Ive been here for over an hour and haven't been checked on or anything.  When they asked for my pain level and I told them it was a 10 as in being in  the worst pain, wouldn't you think I would be seen right away and give meds. NOPE!! The staff are rude and would NOT recommend this place to anybody.  Your better off going to the hospital.  I done fell asleep twice and still haven't been seen.  When I asked does it usually take this long in a "Quick" care facility, one of the nurses just walked by and said we're busy.
4	Kiddos not doing well today check in here the front desk very nice only 2 person ahead of us nurse called took my kiddos temp,weight,blood pressure wait for 10 minutes dr showed up ....check everything,Dr took his time to exam and ask my little one lots of question,took strap test,give my kiddos meds, wait for the result of strap test n dr came back he says positive...waiting for script meds super friendly Dr...well done UMC Quick care at Rainbow..and Thank you
3	So I looked at reviews to see which quick care to go since I had been sick and had a cough (with no resolution after otc meds) and this UMC Quick Care was close to my house.  I was cautious since I saw pretty mediocre reviews and even worse experiences documented.    I was hoping for the best and expected the worse, but I really had to be seen for my cold/infection, whatever I had.  I went on a weekend morning and actually got seen in 15 mins.  The main entrance is very clean and nice looking.  There were only 2 other people waiting and I was seen pretty quickly.  The triage was quick also and painless.  Even while sitting in the MD office, it didn't take too long for the doc to see me.  He came and diagnosed me quickly and gave me my prescription and sent me on my way.  He was very helpful and the nurses were all very friendly.  The whole visit took about 45 mins total and I was a walk - in appointment.  I was very pleasantly surprised and would come back here again! Hopefully each time I come, the visit is just as quick and efficient.
3	I think i may be dying. I've finally decided to go to Urgent Care. Upon signing in I meet with someone immediately for my intake. After that I'm directed to the waiting room. There weren't many people in there and I kept myself busy on my phone so I'm not sure exactly how long I waited. Once I went in the nurse or MA or whoever she was was very friendly and nice. She took my vitals and then I waited again for the doctor. He showed up and didn't tell me much. I have a cold pretty much and he prescribed me ibuprofen. Not exactly what I was expecting to hear... $40 later just to tell me I have a cold and I get ibuprofen? Whatever. Bye! I'm still alive tho and feeling better... But of course I am after the unnecessary visit to urgent care! But hey the staff was pleasant!
3	Came in for my first time & was immediately put into a room. Was told what was wrong with me in a matter of 5 minutes. Pretty much in & out of there & went to get my prescription. Nice staff & clean facility.
1	Came in for my first time for an infection. The entire time I was there nursing staff and Dr. Cox made me feel like they weren't listening to me and my concerns/fears, I felt like they were passing judgement onto me, the nurse was catty w/ her remarks a few times in regards to some of my answers on the check-in sheet, Dr Cox avoided eye-contact the entire interaction, answered all of my questions vaguely, etc etc. Well, after feeling like shit for another week I got a 2nd opinion who gave me medication that actually worked. WELL..I got my bill today for UMC and I see that I got charged for a pregnancy test that somehow cost 130 dollars, w/o my consent ( I COULD HAVE  TOLD YOU I WASN'T PREGNANT!) and I was there for an infection! If he needed to find out if I was pregnant, he should have told me he was going to do a pregnancy test and he didn't!!!! I feel CHEATED and LIED TO and now I have to pay for a test that told him EXACTLY WHAT HE ALREADY KNEW?This is EXACTLY why Las Vegas has such a shitty reputation for nursing and doctors. No one wants to do their job, no one has time to communicate or LISTEN to their pts, and no one CARES.  I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO A UMC QUICK CARE.
1	12/3/14- Waited outside Before they opened at 8am-- they DONT let u wait inside where its warm--Was 1st to sign in my 2 kids & myself. 8:07am they were wiping down counters/ chairs-- obviously NOT prepared for the workday. 8:37am Finally called us to counter. My daughter was new, but my son & I had been there a week prior. Called us to a room after 10am. Dr.   : your son needs a nebulizer but u need to see ur pediatrician for it to be covered. If your insurance doesnt pay for it, u should get it, its only $40. I told him: Let me worry about my finances, u jus write me the Rx. Well, Amerigroup DOES pay for it written by ANY Dr & it costed over $200! For my sinus infection, only few days left of Augmentin he prescribed,Dr: I cant help u, u need to see a ear/nose/throat Dr. WTF?!! Those appts take over a mo.!!! So basically, Im done w/ antibiotics now & goin to Urgent Care on Trop/Jones, still post nasal drip/sore throat/yellow snot/mucus/raw nasal passages--praying they take my ins. They were very kind & gave me better care, w/o judgement--b4 my medical got switched. Now I have to spend another day off in a clinic b/c UMC Urgent Care wasted my time. THEY R A COMPLETE JOKE!!! Dont bother.
4	I went in not knowing that they charge $85 upfront to be seen but when I told them I dont have money or insurance  they offered a free medical screening and if my condition was deemed an emergency they would see me and bill me, otherwise I would have to leave and go to an emergency room instead. I came in around noon, waited about an hour before seen by doc, who was very friendly, answered all my questions and did not charge me the $85 for the appointment even tho I'm pretty sure my issue was technically not deemed an emergency. I walked out of the clinic relieved to have gotten straightforward and quick service and they were nice enough to not even charge me for it. Thank you, Spring Valley Quick Care!
