5	Great gym! Great Trainer, and the owners care about their clients. The facility is clean and well maintained. Had never used an infrared sauna before All iN, it is great!The proximity to a healthy restruant is an added plus!
5	This is the best gym!Ever since finishing school, I've lead a pretty sedentary lifestyle sitting at my desk all day at work, then coming home to watch tv and spend more time on a computer. I've belonged to LA Fitness and Lifetime Fitness, and while they have good equipment, it was always difficult to stay motivated, and then I was stuck paying for a service that I wasn't using.One day I passed this gym and decided to go check it out because I was determined to start getting back into shape. All In is a smaller gym, but has a good variety of new, clean equipment that is all you would need for a solid workout. In addition to various fitness classes, they also have martial arts classes that you can take that are pretty unique for a gym. You can also get very tasty, fresh, and healthy meals and smoothies at Nourish that is connected to the gym. On top of all that, you can get massages or use the infrared saunas that they have at the facility. It really has everything a person would need to get into shape and then some.The people are what continue to keep me coming back. All In has the friendliest staff you could want top down. Ashlee, the receptionist always greets you with a smile by name, and is happy to see members and meet newbies. Quan and Anthony, the owners, are extremely passionate about their gym and have an amazing business model of taking good care of their staff and being member focused. They always  stop to say 'hi', and their positivity, drive, and friendliness is infectious. The last, but not least, person I want to call out is Chelsey. I decided to sign up with a personal trainer to help keep motivated and focus on form and balance my exercises. She is awesome! She is very knowledgable, encouraging, and pushes you to your limit without being overbearing.Many gyms feel pushy, intimidating, and sometimes create a judgmental environment. That is the complete opposite of what you feel at All In. If you're looking for a great gym that's all about your fitness and wellness, you really ought to give All In a try, you won't regret it!
5	Infrared saunas and massage. Need I say more?Has a good community feel. Not a big box gym, but somehow has everything: group classes, martial arts, yoga, kid's club, massage, cardio, fantastic personal trainers, and a healthy restaurant attached.  Did I mention the infrared saunas?!?!?I don't feel out of place when I'm here and everyone is really great.
1	If I could give a negative one star I would! Terrible customer service. My garage isn't much smaller than this gym. Expect to wait to use nearly every piece of equipment they have. The group classes have restricted times for 9-5 jobs. Don't forget to read the fine print in your contract. You will be paying additional for gym expansion as if the monthly fee AND enrollment fee isn't enough. I will tell everyone I know to stay clear of this gym.
