4	Yes. Another Autozone review. Another trip around the vagina. I needed my battery charged and seriously had no I idea where to go or what to do. Enter, my bartender Mike. He removed the battery, cuz frankly I couldn't find it and I didn't want to get dirty. It was...are you ready for this...under my backseat! WTF. Now I know where to stash my maid if the INS comes a knockin' Goddamn brilliant Germans. I hauled it to Autozone and Craig was more than helpful. I think the glare from my Hello Kitty necklace caused him to blink a lot...hmmm...poor thing. Thanks to the men in my life for wiring my electronics, hauling heavy furniture and lubing me when necessary. That last one was for Rickie.
1	I am leaving my previous review below, but I subsequently had a terrible experience here.I needed a new car headlight, and they screwed it up and fried my car.  It took three employees hours to get the headlight changed, and in the process of troubleshooting the damage that their sausage fingers had done in the engine, took out some fuse box thing and put it back upside down.  At that point nothing electronic in my car worked, and the car itself wouldn't start the next day.  A competent mechanic fixed it, but it cost me a significant amount of money and time in towing and mechanic fees.  Autozone was not interested in reimbursing me for the damage they had caused.Old review:I just got home from having a new battery put in my car, and I was super happy with my new favorite car store!  I am incompetent at cars, so I went in saying I thought my battery might be mostly dead.  It was.  Car stuff's expensive.  I'll forgive them.  The Autozone kid was super helpful though.  He spent a good half hour inside car, removing the old battery (my car is the "labor intensive" kind of battery holder) and gouging out all the corrosion I had let accumulate.  A half an hour!  He could have easily just told me to do it myself.  Many a restaurant or retailer could learn from the Autozone business model.  Good service is awesome.
5	I had the typical desert climate problem the day I went to the Auto Zone on Camelback and 3rd Street in Phoenix: sluggish battery. While the car would still start, I decided to get the battery replaced rather than call AAA. I'm not saying anything bad about AAA because when you're stranded it's tip-top. But when your car will still start and you're confident the battery is going, I recommend driving straight to Auto Zone. It's much less expensive than AAA and you'll wait less. When I got to Auto Zone I was the fourth person that day (and it was only 10 AM) to need battery replacement. I have a 2003 VW Passat which means you've got to peel off a cowl (I learned this is the proper term by reading the directions), remove a plastic piece that covers the battery and then figure out how to wedge the big European-sized battery out. The store manager, Chris, was very helpful. He did not act at all impatient that it took longer to change out my battery, even though customers were beginning to stack up by the time we finished. The whole process, including replacing the cabin air filter, took less than half an hour.
4	I called one day and asked them to grab some windshield wipers for my wives car. I didn't know what kind they were and I didn't have time to spend in the store figuring it out. I told the guy I'd be there in 10 min. I got there and they had the wipers waiting for me. Thats what I'm talking about! They aren't all the most personable guys, but they now what they are talking about and will do their job.
5	I thought maybe it would be weird to write a review about an Autozone, but hey, looks like I'm actually behind the game.  My car battery was dead, I decided on this Autozone, and I'm glad I did. Marc was extremely personable and was more than willing to help. He replaced the battery for me, and remained cheerful despite the heat...what more could I ask for? I even learned WAY more about muscle cars and engines than anyone in my position (that is someone who's main requirement in a car is that it runs) should...but, hey...it's nice to see someone who is truly passionate about their life's  work...:)  Anyway, thanks so much...no  complaints here. Reasonable price and great service...Yay!
5	I took my phone out while walking around. "No photography in the store, hun," to which I replied that I was not. "I know, sweetheart, I'm just sayin', there's no photography in the store, honey." It's hard enough being a woman that can fix her own car stuff. Being called pet names by strange women does not help. I contacted corporate and told them that the whole experience made me feel very uncomfortable. This is where the obviously one star review turns into a five star review. The general manager was awesome in apologizing and assured me that she would receive some coaching on subtlety and proper behavior.That really makes up for it. My greatest fear was that it was a given that if you're a woman in Autozone you're going to encounter condescending employees. I really felt like he was concerned and wanted that to not be the case.Thanks for caring, AutoZone!
4	Clean, well stocked. Kalib is very knowledgable and would certainly make a good store manager...of course there is always the riff raff that strolls in and dirty folk but it was earlier enough to avoid that crowd..thanks for your help guys.
1	Everytime I come here some "customer" is always running out this store with a unpaid item.
1	WARNINGautozone has recently changed their battery testing policy and equipment.My battery passed the autozone battery test 3 times(after my car died twice), but failed my mechanics carbon pile load test. autozone will not honor the warranty unless the battery fails the less reliable autozone test.buy your batteries and other carr stuff somewhere else.
4	I stopped in to pick up the hydraulic lifts for my rear glass window. The part was in stock and immediately produced. Kalib was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. The store was clean and well stocked.Thanks for your help.
5	This location rules. Super close to home. All the dudes are trustworthy and obviously car savvy. I can always rest assured they have my back.
5	I just wanted to write and say what a help Mark Summers was there. I replaced a battery on my bike, and even though it didn't show up in the computer, Mark was able to find a suitable replacement for me and provided me with free reign to the tools I needed to replace it. He even was patient and nice while I pulled up a price match, and complimented my bike. Now it starts better than it ever has. Thanks Mark!
5	Wow they price checked my oil to what they charged at Walmart which was about $18 less!  They were very quick and attentive!
1	Came across a very terrible worker here. Could not help me for nothing. Asked me to go to another autozone just to swap out a freaken battery. Don't go here. I'm so frustrated with the worker that "helped " me.
