3	Unfortunately for downtown mesa this is about it for a sports bar. I have never eaten here (and that is no mistake). The place is a bit run down and dingy - it has changed names several times over the years, but the interior/atmosphere remains the same.Reasonable place to sit at the bar, have a brew and chat with a pal - just don't expect much. They do have a pool table and a few video games to pass the time.
4	I've been to this bar a few times lately, and when a nearby restaurant failed our group tonight, I suggested Kirk's.  We were welcomed and quickly served.  Although I didn't eat, I have eaten there before and they have excellent burgers and fries.  The service was fast and friendly.I must say the place is kind of run-down.  There are different levels, pool tables and karaoke after 9.  The worst part is the bathrooms.  The men's room reeked though the ladies was much cleaner.  If you don't look too closely and aren't too picky, Kirk's is a fun time.
5	You know you're having a good time when the bar you're in is crashing around you and you still don't want to leave.I went back again last Friday night (this place is becoming a second home) for #evfn and karaoke. The karaoke host came in early just for our group and we were having so much fun that the flood behind the bar, the smoke from something burning somewhere and the closed patron bathrooms didn't slow us down. I love this bar.
5	Love Kirks! Laid back atmosphere and great drink specials... Hot bartenders too!
1	After going to Kirk's, I am pretty sure there are no health inspectors in Mesa, Arizona.  The men's bathroom was dismal.  The toilet didn't have a door - instead they put up a curtain.  And the curtain was dragging on the floor.  The roll of towels was laying on the sink.  And, you have to hold your breath while you are in there.They have a promotion where you get a free appetizer with your Cubs spring training ticket stub.  That was good because they weren't worth much more than that.  We got chicken strips and chicken quesadilla.  The strips were mostly batter with a little chicken.  The quesadillas were horid.  Either the chicken was process, or it had been cooked before and kept a couple of days.The you get to the TVs.  They have two old big screen TVs.  Not flat screen or high-def.  One of the TVs is ok, but the other's picture is green.  Don't know if it can be adjusted or fixed.  If not they should roll it out to the parking lot and run over it with a big rig.These guys might be trying hard, but they don't seem to have a clue.  Hey, just like the Cubs.
1	I stopped by Kirk's before a show at the Nile Theater.  People need to know that this place is attached to a Best Western hotel and it's dirty and gross.  It was very crowded and they only had two bartenders that were extremely slow.  It took us 40 minutes to get two beers.  It is, however, one of the only bars on Main st that is open on Sundays.
5	I just had my birthday party at Kirk's and I would recommend it highly for anyone who isn't uptight and wants to have a good time.Karaoke with Trey is awesome and the cross-section of humanity that makes up the crowd is amazing.It's the quirkiest, most casual, super-fun place.--[note: my rating is based on the good time i had. if you're looking for fancy food or the world's largest selection of craft beers and obscure wines, look elsewhere]
4	had a good time doing karaoke there.  I mean, there was a cowboy dancing on stilts.  what's not to love about that.  This place is more about the people you bring with you, not the food or drink.  It was just an atmosphere of everyone there to have fun.
4	Went there to hang out with a few friends-- very nice and attentive staff, quick service, and nice atmosphere on a weeknight!
1	I can honestly say this was the worst meal I have had in a LONG time.  I'll just give you the highlights. Ambiance, looks like a construction zone,waitress/bartender, very nice but totally understaffedfood wait, WAY too longI actually wish I took a picture of the fries.  They were BLACK!  lol once they go black, we tried to send em back  lol...She was to busy to even check on us.  The four us us agreed we would never go back.  This was our 2nd Friday dinner choice... Should of gone for the Mesa Grill.This morning my stomach was cramping pretty hard.WARNING, AVOID THIS PLACE!
1	This was the worst bar experience I have ever had in my life. Came by with a friend before a concert at the Nile. We were hungry and decided to stop here for a beer and appetizers. We sat at one of the high tops in front of the bar, the bartender was our "waitress". She came by and took our drink order, didn't bother to ask if we wanted a menu. So when she came back with our drinks, I requested a menu. It took a while before we saw her again as the bar was pretty packed. Where are your servers?!Finally she came by with the menu and we ordered the nachos with ground beef. We finished our beers well before the nachos came out, and she never once stopped by to ask if we needed another drink. You haven't heard the worst part...When the nachos came out, I was stunned. Had I ordered nacho soup? The cheese was so watery, and the chips were completely soggy. They didn't even include the ground beef... It was absolutely disgusting. She walked by us and I asked to close out. We literally waited 20+ minutes. I have never been more tempted to just ditch the bill. I could see she was somewhat occupied at the bar, but come on, you can't spare a minute to bring us our tab? Finally, I caught her eye. And she YELLED over the bar to us what our total was. SERIOUSLY??? I wanted to pay with my credit card but didn't want to have to wait yet again for her to come by, so my friend had to pay for us both. Unbelievable.We ended up walking to Subway afterwards to eat.
1	This place is kind of a dump. And we were all conned into paying for all you can eat pizza and pasta, that was only pepperoni and cheese pizzas (of mediocre quality) that hardly ever got replaced when they ran out, and one bowl of spaghetti with mediocre sauce that was also hardly ever replaced (and a plain salad, that, you guessed it, was hardly ever replaced). Paid way too much, for that kind of service. Admittedly, this was a couple years ago, but still - we went somewhere else for the same event last year, and we were all glad of it. (Their drinks were decent, at least?)
