5	I have never used the UPS store, Till I worked at the one on G.V. pkwy.  for 3 days (no joke). I believe in Customer Service and This UPS store has it. The Staff here (even with the Former owners, Always Greeted you, even when the door was open (spring and Fall) and before getting over the Threshold there's a Smile on the faces, as were I have to agree with some of the other Reviews for GV pkwy, it took them a minute to come greet you. I brought my business here and told my dad about it, he now hesitates about going to the other store.  This Store is Super Friendly, and even if there are a few other customer's they do acknowledge you and let you know they will be right with you. I don't have a Mailbox, so I can't help you there, but the Prices look Reasonable. I hope this is Helpful, as this is my First Review for anything.
5	Very friendly and pleasant.  Fast service. Used Notary service and shipped 2nd letter package with UPS.This will be permanent shopping store. Could not ask for more.  Parking is great and next to Walmart neighborhood store.
1	Today I went to this ups store because it is conveniently located on my way home from work. Since I work graveyard I needed to pop in quickly to deposit a check in my usaa account. This store is one of very few that offers this service. I arrived a few minutes before 8am so I waited for it to open.  At 9 am the store still had not opened. I waited far longer than the 20 or so people that had come and gone in the one hour I waited, and I still have no idea if it ever opened. I won't be going back there, and as far as I'm concerned they've gone out of business.
5	The staff here are friendly and care about the customers. I had to get a card project done and I saw the UPS store offers cheaper pricing than Kinkos, so I went with them. The staff member there was kind enough to stay past store closing to help me get it done. I have not had customer service like that in a while!
4	I have enjoyed coming to this store over the months. It is very convenient and close to where I live. The staff is friendly and professional.
