5	I am an Old Navy fan from way back. It started with GAP. I was a GAP customer first, then mother, then employee. I was so excited when Old Navy opened!!So here is my review. I bought those "Super Skinny" jeans when they came out around the end of September. 4 pairs. I know, I know... but when I find clothes that fit I usually buy 2 or 3. Or in this case 4. I loved the way they fit! I realized from the gitgo that I would have to buy a size larger to accommodate shrinkage because they were very super skinny. So I bought size 4. After every wash they were getting tighter and tighter and tighter until now I can't zip them up. Keep in mind I have been a perfect size 2 for over 20 years. BC-before children, I was a perfect 0. Yes, you heard me. So I thought, even though I have washed these jeans at least 3 times, let me take them back to my neighborhood Old Navy which is on Maryland Parkway. Of course I have balls going to return something a week before Christmas on a Saturday. I can only describe this store as organized pandemonium. No pushing, no shoving, no screaming, just rank and file with back ground Christmas music. A young girl met me at the door and I explained to her what the issue was. She immediately took me to the manager, Nicole who recognized me from my loyalty to this store. She said go pick out 2 other pairs and take them to any cashier I will let them know you have already spoken to me. I said that's it? That's it she said. Woo hoo! And off I went in search of skinny replacement jeans. Then I stand in line for 20 minutes, but every register was open and humming along. I finally get to my register and another manager, Dan, rings me up. He said that there has been an issue with the colored skinny jeans because of the dye. The lighter colors shrink more and they have had a lot of return/replacements. Then he said, and by the way these jeans are on sale, plus you get 30% off your entire purchase today. I'm like Merry Christmas to moi! New pants AND money back!! Needless to say it was a very good experience at my fave Old Navy. Good job to all the employees. I always say that employees reflect who their superiors are; when you are treated well it shows on the floor. Yep! You heard me!
4	I'm a big old navy fan. Their online and stores are pretty consistent.They have a decent variety of clothing, mostly casual which is my style. You do have to be careful b/c sometimes their sizing is off. I literally have two very different sized pants (3 sizes apart) in my closet and both fit like a dream. idk... Try on your clothes and you'll be fine.
3	Located in a quiet mall.  An average Old Navy store.  It was pretty big, but their selections are not as much as other branches.  Maybe they were out of a lot of stuff because everything was 40 percent off today if you use your Old Navy credit card.Since there is no Old Navy store at the two outlets in Vegas, this is a good branch to go to.
2	This place is pretty unorganized and not like the others. I'm used to the huge ON in the best of the west shopping mall and this one just doesnt come close. If you enter from the Maryland Parkway side you will see 4 cash registers, but they NEVER have workers there. The selection here is minimal. The store is messy and a lot of the racks are scarce. You will not find a sales associate, you seriously have to go on a mish to find one! When I asked if they had a specific item the girl just looked at me super confused and asked if I looked in an area the clothing wouldnt even be.When it was time to check out, the cashier was soooo rude and when I asked about a coupon he said it didnt work and just went on scanning my items. I ended up paying and going to the other cashier who gave me a price adjustment. The next time I came in here for a return the cashier in the back (the only registers open) called his mom on the phone and made me wait whilst he did this.I normally love ON, alas this one fell short...Yay? Nope.
1	I called from another Old Navy looking for a particular jean and told the employee, who had a serious attitude problem, over the phone, the item number, size, etc. The dude said that he had two in stock so I asked him to hold them and I would be over within the hour. When I get to the store I go up front, as that is where they put holds. I tell the cashier I was there for a hold and told him what the items were. Low and behold the cashier was the one I talked to who didn't put the jeans on hold and is now claiming that they only had one in stock. The employee then ran around the store trying to find the jean for 20 minutes. Seriously frustrating to have wasted the time, dealt with an employee with an attitude, and to have received no apology about the incident that occurred. I would have been more forgiving if he had at least acknowledged the situation rather than ignoring it and pushing me out of the store. Most likely won't be going to an Old Navy ever again and I have been shopping there for years. Tired of horrible customer service!
