4	So first off let me say that I am absolutely 110% excited that they opened a second location over by my condo and was so excited to get my butt in there to see how they do compared to the original location.  Unfortunately I was craving them the other night and decided to get take out to bring home. So they got my food ready quick and I could have swore the salmon combo was supposed to come with 5-6 pieces of sashimi. Mine came with 3 not that big of a deal really so its okay.  The only thing that bummed me out to the extreme was that when I had already gotten home and was all over diving into my food then the unthinkable happened!!  NO WASABI OR GINGER!!!!  Both of those two things are extremely crucial in my sushi binging.  I cannot tell you how upset I was last night going home to realize I did not have the essentials to eat my sushi.  Im upset even just thinking of it last night.  Its not like wasabi and ginger are readily available at the grocery store to buy in bulk.  So I would have to go out of my way to go all the way back to get wasabi and ginger when normally it's included. That is my only pet peeve at the moment. And hoping that it won't happen again and I'm hoping to god the one waitress from the other location didn't follow because it's very annoying having someone constantly asking if you need anything or if you are done etc etc.Update! *5/9/2014All week I've been craving more salmon-sashimi and rolls all together non stop. Finally Friday comes along and it's sushi after work for sure! I call it in to pick it up and this time saying extra wasabi and ginger. They give me the right amount of sashimi finally and everything looked amazing! Couldn't wait this time to go crazy! I ordered the same thing again obviously except this time with you know the ginger and wasabi they didn't give me last time. They gave me so much wasabi I wasn't expecting and not so much ginger. I'd rather have them skimp on wasabi over ginger. But that's just me! Once I start going in they will remember for sure.  I absolutely love ginger with my sushi.  The salmon tasted fresh and I ate a lot of it in less than probably 30 minutes to an hour it was so good!
4	I've been wanting to try Masa Sushi for the longest time.  I've had their Gilbert location bookmarked forever but I never seem to remember about the existence of the place whenever I crave that delicious raw fish.  So when I went to Fry's one day and saw that they were opening one in my neck of the woods, I was ecstatic.[Fast forward a few months of long agonizing wait time]  One day while getting the mail, I noticed there was a menu flyer on my car for Masa Sushi.  Yes!  So I stopped in that night with my dinner date during opening week last week and was pleasantly surprised by how busy this place was!  Korean was being spoken by the workers, patrons were merrily eating and drinking, and we were seated by the nicest lady ever.  We ended up getting The Superman Combo, Bomb Combo D, and the Yellowtail & Hawaiian half & half rolls.  Everything was fresh and delicious!  I was especially impressed by how thick the slices of sashimi were.  I always hate it when a sushi joint goes stingy with their sashimi.  Buzz kill.After doing some sake bombs and enjoying our free opening week dessert, we were asked to doodle on a Polaroid the took of us [Asian Glow like whoa], and we were done.  By far the funnest opening week celebration ever.  Plus the bill was 10% off!Masa Sushi is a tiny cozy restaurant with lots to offer:  Their menu is jam packed with a million different combinations and half & half rolls options, the sake comes hot, and the service is great.  Will definitely come back!  :D
5	I purchased the Beef Teri + spicy tuna roll for lunch it was awesome great taste very well prepared and of course for the right price. Definitely enjoy going to masa since I first discovered their other location in Gilbert which is close to home and now this new place is near my work place real people fantastic food.
5	We've been here a few times and we love it! The miso soup and salad are a great touch and the sushi combinations are amazing! I don't eat a full roll so it's so nice how they have half and half options.The food comes out super quick. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the polaroid they take is so fun! My kid had never seen a polaroid before so thank you for bringing that experience to our family! We will be back, a LOT!
4	Strobe lights and music outside upon arrival of the restaurant. That's a first! Happy and greeting staff when we first walked in the restaurant. Menus are colorful and loaded with pictures for each dish! Great job! Miso soup and salad was provided prior to ordering! Awesome!Shared special combo 2 plate: #6 Palm Springs which included salmon rock 2 pieces (salmon with thinly sliced cooked onions and a yogurt sauce of some sort) spicy tuna roll 5 pieces and Fuji roll and eel roll. The eel pieces were a bit burnt as of there were no eel. Grand opening special: thinly sliced apples with caramel drizzled on too with half orange cut up into chunks with whipped cream and 2 choc pretzel sticks. Yum! Full at the end of dinner. Not bad!! They all said goodbye with happy faces! That's how it's done! ;)
5	Tried this place because of yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. The prices are fantastic. If your in a discovery mood and want to try different things, check out their happy hour and combo deals. You can get half of one roll and half of another. I started with the sake bomb combo C and ordered a half arizona:half spicy roll. Delicious. The fish is fresh, no fishy taste. Gonna go back and try sashimi next. I'll let you guys know how it goes. Definitely worth going... Give it a try!!
5	I've eaten at a lot of Sushi places, and this is one of the best. Great service, great food, and great prices!! I'm going back again and again. I'm so glad this opened in my neighborhood!!!
5	Been there twice in the past three days, and I'm planning to go again today.  GREAT variety of sushi and the service is second to none.  Some of freshest sushi I've have in AZ. Sake Bombs and Spicy Tuna Bitches!!!
4	Great place. Wast sent here by Yelp and wasn't disappointed. Had the lunch mini-bento and was full and satisfied. GOOD STUFF. Very affordable by the way. Oh, and the service was exceptional. :)
4	I love Masa's I think they have the best sushi in the area. Their Gilbert location is always busy. The Chandler location is not. I kind of want to keep this a secret but they have a ton more space here and the same excellent sushi! It's lunch time and I have the whole place to myself and my lunch with soup and salad $6! Love it!Update 8/2/14- food is still awesome but the  waitress service was awful. We had to ask for drink refills, we had to ask for my daughter teriyaki that I could see on the counter, we had to ask for our bill. Our waitress who I am guessing was a manager was busy counting her register drawer, then visiting  in the back with a different staff member.  My husband said never again but that would be hard since the sushis so good!
4	If you are in the mood for good sushi and are having a hard time deciding on what roll to get, this place is where you should go! It's always happy hour and they have awesome combo specials to choose from. They only serve wine, beer and saki. No full bar, but I was there for the sushi so that was not an issue for me. The combo specials are 2 different rolls for the price of one. They even have combos that include negiri and sashimi or even sake bombers!To start off your meal when you get seated they bring you complementary miso soup and a lettuce salad. After your entree, they bring you a complementary dessert which is usually a sliced orange and apple with caramel sauce and whipped cream and a poky stick. Nice and light and refreshing to wrap up the well rounded meal! Prices are great! The servers are very helpful and friendly, and before you leave, make sure to get your picture taken to be added to their wall! It's a cool little place!
5	Been here a few times love it! Great food reasonable prices you can't go wrong and very prompt service!
5	They have a very friendly staff, abundant choices (half & half, and combo plates for variety are nice), they're reasonably priced considering the quantity (special rolls are huge!), but most importantly, provide excellent quality sushi.  They start you out with a bowl of Miso soup and a salad (just lettuce with tasty dressing).  Then at the end, you get a fruit dish for the table to share.  Both were very nice surprises.  My wife and I will definitely be going back very soon.
1	Called them at before their closing time to order for pick up.  I guess they decide when the close because it wasn't 10pm and that's when they say they close on Saturday night....after 22 take out orders from this new location since they opened I guess they will be losing my business now.  Masa....when are you open and closed???  When you decide...put it on your website so people can order food when your open.
5	Best sushi place to go and affordable great quality food overall. service was great! I highly recommend all of you.
5	Had a great experience here. Staff was really nice and attentive. Food was delicious and fresh. I definitely be back. and recommend.
5	I've neglected my duties as a true Masa Sushi fan. I should've written this review sooner to share my love of this sushi destination. My roommates and I have long made special outings to the Gilbert location, because we enjoy the sushi so much. But imagine our anticipation, finding out that a new location was opening up in our neck of the woods... literally a hop, skip, and a jump away!The things we love about Masa Sushi is how hot Miso soup and a chilled salad are served immediately and are included with any meal. Ditto for the fresh fruit and pocky dessert! The service is warm and inviting, and we are recognized during repeat visits by the hostess and waitress here (although we have yet to make it onto their "wall" of Polaroids). We will have to shamelessly ask to be photographed, I suppose, on our next jaunt, but maybe before we stuff our faces with fresh fish goodness. It's a wonder they don't employ Oompah-Loompahs to roll us out after our bouts of fishy gluttony!Let me save you time on the menu, which is endless and dazzling. You must try the Monkey Balls! More of an appetizer, the Monkey Ball includes warm mushrooms, spicy tuna, and cream cheese on the inside and is deep-fried and drizzled with a special sauce on the outside. In fact, on all of their menu descriptions of their special rolls, a description is always given for what's "IN" and what's "OUT". This two-layered approach not only makes for great and interesting sushi, but is a novel way to find that perfect combination to satisfy your sushi cravings. My favorite is the Boston Roll (IN - shrimp, crab stick, salmon and avocado; OUT - baby lobster, baked cheese). It may sound funky, but it is delicious! This is a sushi roll that eats like a casserole! I've found that it is best complemented with sriracha (which you must ask for on the side) and soy sauce.There's plenty more to explore on the menu, but now that I've found my favorites, I'm sticking with them. Newcomers to Masa Sushi are encouraged to find their own favorite "INs" and "OUTs", because IN-and-OUT is what it's all about!
1	My husband and I went to Masa one Friday night to have dinner.  The place was completely dead. Which was surprising for a Friday evening at dinner time.  We ordered a few rolls and some beer and sake. The rolls were subpar at best, and looked mediocre. I think we were pretty lucky that most of the rolls we picked were cooked as the fish was NOT fresh at all. Later that evening my husband had excruciating stomach pains. Long story short, we both got e-coil from this place, he worse than I (I'm assuming because he ate the spicy tuna roll and I didn't). He had to be put on antibiotics it was so bad.Needless to  say, we will not be returning ever again. I'm not risking our health again.
4	This is one of my favorite sushi places,  I've been going here since the first Gilbert location opened. I like that they give free soup, salad, and dessert. I like eating raw fish so I find the spicy tuna salad and their special rolls (red dragon etc. ) to be really good. I am sad to read reviews about people getting sick. I hope that's not the case, and Masa is making changes to assure that doesn't happen again.
5	I finally tried out Masa this week and was very pleasantly surprised. The service was extremely prompt and cordial, the price more than reasonable (their specials are worth checking out!) and the specialty roll I ordered was of very high quality. I can tell this will be one of my regular dining choices. I'd recommend it to anyone in the area looking for a quality sushi fix.
5	Finally I found a place for sushi!!! It was really sweet of them to serve salads and miso soups for free and dessert as well:)The restaurant was not too busy, so we could get good services!I had a salmon love roll and my friend had a beef udon. Both were delicious! Salmon was really fresh and my friend said the soup was super good too! I will see you guys soon masa! And thanks for the Polaroid photo:)
5	Love this place! We used to go to the Gilbert location which is great as well, but there is something about this place that is just fantastic. We have been going there since it opened, the first week we went there 3 times and took a pic and put it on the wall all 3 times, as my girlfriend calls it the "hat trick". We have never had a bad experience here and even went it might have been one, the staff did everything to make it right. I am a big fan of the sashimi appetizer and I like the roll combos they offer, you can get 2 similar rolls as one, which is great, you get to have 2 different rolls and not have to get 2 full rolls. We always try and  get something new when we go. My suggestion is go and try something, I know what i like when it comes to sushi and they have it.I also enjoy that they offer so much more than just the sushi and rolls. I highly suggest this place, one of my favorite sushi places in the valley!
5	I'm sitting here at Masa Sushi after enjoying a terrific lunch and I just wanted you to know how enjoyable this experience was.  Great food, terrific service and a great atmosphere to eat at.  Strongly recommend this place if you enjoy sushi, you'll love it here.
5	When I first noticed this sushi restruant had move into my neighborhood I was a little scepticle. Been traveling to Sushken in Awatuki for years. I was pleasantly surprised by the great service and diletable food. Great sushi is now only a few blocks from home now.
1	Stopped by to check this place out after driving past it many times. It was completely empty when I walked in. That should've been the first sign. It seemed like it had really good deals for happy hour but now I understand why. The sushi was lackluster, the yellowtail was dry, tough, and seemed old. The mussels, I was only able to stomach down one. If you're going to spend any amount of money I suggest driving down the street about five or 6 miles to Mikado. It is much better.  To say the least. Definitely will not be going back here to eat sushi anytime soon.
4	Great food great service great price. Can't beat it!
