2	My first poutine.Before coming to Montreal, everyone was telling me, "You have to try the poutine." Cheese curds and gravy over fries? It sounds it could be a winning combo, but the one I had at La Belle Province (chain store, kind of like a Canadian Weinersnitchel) could use a little work. Maybe there's better poutine shops. Or maybe that's just the way it is. Or maybe (and more likely) it's because I've had All-American chili cheese fries back in the States! Go USA! They also sell  hot dogs in a roll or wrapped in toast bread... both suck.Tips: I guess you have to try it once. Locations are everywhere.
1	Now I Empathy with Dave, The poor guy!I use to go to this place every week as a teenage with my friend. The Area has lot of nice Punk band, Metal T-shirt. As a rebellious hardcore punk kid, this was the PIT to fuel up on some cheap, stomach killer food where hygiene wasn't a necessity.  There dog's were always half decent but it felt like cheap hot-dog saucages, i mean, when you're trying to save money by getting the cheap sausage, Houston, WE GOT A PROBLEM! What's wrong except insalubrity all over the place?The recipe for a good poutine is some good sauce which it's not the case: Extremly hot sauce properbly overcooked 20 times. Some greasy fries: One Shake to remove the Old 12213089 y o oil and BANG on the side ready to serve!Then a BUCKET (literally) of curd  cheese in the fridge. Curd cheese particularity is that the little milk (petit lait) is creating a salty and fresh squish-squish taste. By putting the Curd cheese in the refrigerator the little milk gets in the cheese and the effect is not longer there. The only thing that a not-hygienic restaurant can do easiely right is wrong here! This franchise should be closed for insalubrity or simply for serving crap!
2	This place is the bitch sister of good poutine places.  She promises things you like but does them half ass and lazy so you just want the date to end.  Be starving and without a palate and you'll be fine here.  Surprisingly enough, the poutine I had at Rue peel bar was worse.  But that doesn't make this good.
3	Poutine may be foreign to us from California, but I've had it before and I think it can be done pretty well by a fast food spot.  They've usualy got the fries down.  The meat may be questionable, but low grade fatty meat could just do the trick on this snack.  I'm pretty sure whoever thought up of poutines didn't think "ah....I have the perfect healthy snack for young Canadians and I. AYe?"  No.  That person must've just had a batch of fries and thought it could need some flavor or mixture, and so on went the meat.  After a few chews, he/she wished there was something stringy to hold it together.  There tops on the cheese...any will do, let's take the easiest cheap one, mozarella.  And then with the fries getting kind of stale, let's just top that baby with some gravy.  wala!  poutine!And all this was going through my head while I took a few delicious bites of this smoked meat poutine from this fast food joint.  Then we mosey'd on next door to the gentlemen's club.  And so goes the end of the night, or from what I could recollect.
