5	Great sandwiches! They are located on Liberty Avenue across the street from Fifth Avenue Place.They offer three types of different sandwiches. Plain Slims which is a regular sub minus the veggies. Eight inch sub sandwiches and Giant Club Sandwiches which have twice the meat and cheese. You can choose between two types of bread (french and seven grain). You can also get a low carb lettuce wrap called a JJ Unwich if your watching your calories.If your really hungry or just want to have your own "Man vs Food" moment go for The JJ Gargantuan. It consists of genoa salami, sliced smoked ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey and provolone cheese on a french bun smothered with onions, mayo, lettuce and tomato covered with homemade Italian dressing. It is utterly amazing! I think I have a tear in my eye.
2	Two and a half stars!A couple of my co-workers and I had to attend an off-site training session this morning.  As a way of saying thanks, our District Director treated the three of us to lunch afterwards.  To tell you the truth, because of all the great sandwich shops Downtown, I'd never eaten at Jimmy John's before.  Subway, Quizno's, Jimmy John's--they're all pretty much alike to me.I did opt for the Turkey Tom and on its own merits, it was a good sandwich.   The turkey was better than what you get at Subway and the veggies (sprouts, lettuce, tomatos, plus I had them put onions on mine) seemed fresh enough.  Just a couple of notes of caution:  these are 8-inch subs and although you might think a turkey sandwich is light, these bad boys still pack in over 500 calories.  And that ain't even with cheese on it.  And if you opt for the "healthier" 7-grain wheat bread, you're bumping it up to over 600 calories.
4	Jimmy Johns is great.  It's fast, it's cheap, it's a chain, you can find them anywhere.  Reviewed just so they'd have a better than 3 star rating.  Also, I lost ~10lbs on the unwich diet this summer.  Subway has nothing on JJ's...  What's an unwich, you ask? Allow me to enlighten you.  It's lettuce subbed  in for the bread.  I made fun of people that ordered them.  Until I tried it.  Holy fat kid at skinny camp, these are good.  It's actually all I get when I go there now...It's ~400 calories of lettuce-wrapped delightfulness.  I go for the #11, unwich, add sprouts, cukes, oregano, hot peppers, ez mayo, ez dijon.  Other favorites are #8, #12, & #14.  You can't really go wrong here.
3	Food tastes good...just very expensive.
5	great sandwiches.  fast...really fast service.  fast delivery. good prices.
3	Bland and boring, but sometimes that's what you want.  The bread here is supposed to be baked fresh, but I've had it be hard and stale before.  The signs advertising "free smells" are kind of useless- there is nothing inside baking or cooking to smell good.  Choice of bread is a french bread, a multi-grain (which is actually higher in calories) and lettuce-wrap type deal.  Cheese does not come standard on the sandwiches unless specifically indicated- otherwise it is an upcharge, which seems slighty ridiculous.  The choices are limited- no grilled chicken, for instance.  You can upgrade to a meal by adding chips and a drink.  Beware, even the "Thinny Chips" pack 260 calories (the website says 130, but that's for a serving.  The bag contains 260 calories worth- who eats 1/2 of an individual serving of chips).On the plus side, it is super quick and the people are polite and friendly. They deliver, too.
5	This is the fastest delivery place I have even seen.  The sandwiches here are fresh and so it the bread.  I would recommend this place 1. if you want delivery that is quick and 2. if you want fresh sandwiches.
5	The food was great, the staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was pleasant. It was a little cold inside, but it was mid-morning in November, and a little gas station-like to have to request a key to use the restroom, but it is dahntahn Pittsburgh.We'll definitely be trying the one in Cranberry, which is closer to home.
2	Easy-to-use online ordering and fast delivery, but not a fan of their sandwiches. Tried the tuna, and it was mediocre.
2	Italian night club was gross. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Balance of sandwich tasted like onions and mayo mushed between two slabs of so-so bread. Loud music.  Staff was somewhat brusque.I find Subway far better.
5	Yum yum. Fast, simple , good!
1	The smell of the bread got me in the door. The quick service was wonderful. The sandwich was fresh and tasty, allthough a bit simple. The bread was crack.Then I found out Mr. Jimmy John shoots elephants for sport and poses next to it like he's saving earth. Sorry, I won't be giving my money to such adventures.
4	This is a great place to go to for a lunch break or a quick dinner. You will be in and out in less than 5 minutes with a perfectly tasty sub and sandwich. I have always ordered the #5 which is named the Vito. It is a classic Italian sandwich and I always get it with hot peppers, which you have to specify during your order. It fills you up perfectly, the food tastes good, the service is beyond quick and it is affordable. So there is not much more to ask for when it comes to Jimmy John's. Also, they deliver so that is an extra plus.
3	Fresh, fast subs. A little more expensive than Subway and the same ingredients basically.
