5	The wings are delicious, the drinks are priced right and the staff is friendly and fun. Not to mention there are plenty of places to sit. If you don't want to sit at the bar you can opt for a comfy booth. Garth is the greatest.
1	Kinda awkward giving them a one star but I don't know what else to give since we didn't receive any service. We came in at 11 pm, sat down at a booth, and then, nothing. Garth, the bartender, went about his business, not a word with us. There was a woman in a mr G shirt who walked to the other side of the bar when she looked at my wife, not sure if she was the server, in any case, nobody cared to mention if there was any service to the tables or not. I'm not mad at Mr. G or anything, but I can't give you anything if I didn't get anything.
2	Smells like a mold & ashtray combo, the grave bartender is slow and the mood is boring. I live close and wanted to check the place out when it opened a couple months ago. First & last time here. One thing that was nice were the bathrooms,very nice touch on the blackout bathrooms & also smells better than the bar. If the rest of the bar was that same color and smelled just as good, you would have yourself a fine establishment. Wouldn't take much.
1	Went here to play some video poker and have a few drinks. I asked to sign up for a player card so I could earn points for my play. I hand my drivers license to the older bartender and he takes a quick look at my ID. To my amazement he literally throws the I'd back at me and says " no out of state ID's" . I've signed up for a player card at numerous pubs in the area without issue. I told him without a player card I'd just leave and he would lose my business. He didn't seem to care.I left with my $500.00 bankroll. Great way to run a business pal. No wonder it was empty.
5	Mr G's Pub & Grub is an excellent location where they treat the customers very well and go out of there way to make you feel welcome. I spend some time there and met some very friendly people while I had a few beers. I will be visiting this local bar & grill again in the future. You won't be disappointed by visiting this local bar in an excellent location on the east side of town.
1	Just moved close by also and wanted to try Mr. Gs,  food. Straight up terrible service. Wings were good but took forever to come out and on the bar side the bartender was to busy smoking and socializing to even ask for anything. They had a server who was doubling as the delivery driver so she was not even really there and not to mention everything was watered down like the ranch and hot sauce. Junk junk junk. A visit from Bar rescue wouldn't even help...
4	I went in on a Sunday night and it was empty which immensely improved the service. This time we had two people serving us and they were pretty friendly. Their parmesan garlic wing were great and the johnny vegas fries were calorific. I will be back again and hope I won't be disappointed.
