4	Got me an Oreo Cheesequake Blizzard & it was great!  It's also buy 1 blizzard at reg price & get the 2nd of = or lesser value for .99!As for the store experience... Typical chain. Ya know what to expect. They were courteous & pretty quick.
4	Though I would "sneak" an occasional cone at Mickey's or a hi-brow gelato now and then, or more frequently rationalize a frozen yogurt, post-middle aged expansion of the mid-section discouraged me from returning to DQ, THE original frozen dessert-centric franchise.  It's been too long: DQ is still the queen and king of soft-serve ice cream (or ice milk, as may be proper).  While I haven't tried the sandwiches in years (they used to have a killer BBQ sandwich), ice cream desserts still reign supreme at the Dairy Queen. From simple cones to sundaes, to shakes, banana splits, ice cream cakes, to the trademark "Blizzard" with mix-ins, DQ is still the dominatrix of frozen dairy delight. On this day I succumbed to the  call of the Blizzard , a thick soft-serve slurry of ice cream with mix-ins blended in, the obvious inspiration for McDonald's "Flurry", and I don't regret the indulgence (if I can now just keep my freshly requited passions under control). As I was mulling my choices the friendly counter help offered me a suggestion I hadn't noted on the menu, the combination known as "the cookie jar", a blend of cookie dough and crushed Oreo. I think I love you. I decided to sit and savor and watch the insane 5 o'clock traffic on West Camelback go by. A family of 3 were the only other customers enjoying the cool of the smallish seating area, though there appeared to be steady business at the drive-thru. I suffered a moment of banana envy as they brought those picture-perfect banana splits to their table: three smooth, gleaming rounded minarets of vanilla, complete with the DQ curl on top, each topped with the venerable toppings of my memory from  DQ back home: strawberry, chocolate syrup , and the third  perhaps pineapple. (I'll finish page 2 of that sentence another time.)This is a small, older DQ, set close to the road  on a moderately drab section of West Camelback, just off the 17 that undoubtedly was widened to take up a good bit of space out front.  The walk-up counter is small and your field of vision is crowded with menus and color posters and pictures of most every cold comfort you've ever known and probably more, including a bright-colored free-standing sign announcing that DQ now serves Orange Julius smoothies.  The dining area is small, but not cramped, a tad worn-looking but clean. Every table is spotless and there's no trash on the floor.  Both young women working the counter and drive-thru were pleasant, offered genuine smiles,  were courteous, competent on the register,  and quick on service. A return trip will be required to report on the restroom. That's my ticket anyway.
4	Yes Dairy Queen ,an American Favorite. Everyone loves DQ! Though over the years the lce Cream has changed, but what has not.It is a cheap place to go , to get some old time fav's!The Dilly bars and Buster Bars are still around and still pretty good.Though I would like a little more fudge on it.The place is very clean and the staff friendly and helpful.So very much worth a stop in.
4	With Wedndesday night being my family's late night, DQ has become our "go to" place once or twice a month.  The girls here have become accustomed to my order and seems to think its funny to NOT put the little extra that I pay for.  Disspointed when we got home, one can't exactly check the bag after you pull out onto Camelback and turn around.  Not only do they not give me what I pay for but they give me less than the product requires.  Twice a month these girls rip me off; Lord knows how many others they do this to.  These girls deserve to loose their jobs.  I've had enough.  In my 20 years in the food industry, I rarely complain but felt a call to the manager was warranted.  Managment was very understanding and apologetic and am  I'm giving the store 4 stars but these night shift girls get a big fat zero stars from me.Overall, I still love DQ.
3	When you want DQ, you want DQ, so something must really be bad to sway you from going.  That said, I definitely bring some notes to study when I go because you can guarantee a wait in the drive through.  I've been there 4 or 5 times now and every time it is the same situation -  one time the machine broke, tonight it looked like someone was training, or just a lot of cars (can't fault them for that now!).   I will say this though, the last couple times I was there the girl at least apologized for the wait, so that makes it all good in my book.   At least some of the newer generation has some awareness and good courtesy.
2	went to drive thru, Smh. Horrible customer service. The girl made a rude comment after I changed the size of my blizzard. So rude!!! If you don't like your job. LEAVEEEE!
1	Went there with my kids on a hot day. As we pull up to the menu, you can barley understand the person speaking with you and when the repeat the order I had to say what 3 times. We got to the window and she asks for my card, then she starts our order. She hands me two ice cream cones with napkins and I hand them to my kids. She tries to hand me one more and I said I only ordered 2. She argued with me and said she repeated the order. I refused to argue with her and I just waited in my car while everyone went on with what they were doing. She didn't say anything to me and just stared at the computer. I am a server and I understand miscommunication, but to do nothing about it or say sorry or something is rude and I will never go there again. It's horrible to think that people just want to be rude.
2	I normally love Dairy Queen but these last 2 time that I've gone there's been long hairs in are bananas split including today I'm not sure If we want to come back.
