5	I'm at the airport 2 to 3 times a week. Mickey D' s is a great place to wait for arrivals. They understand if you're going to chill for awhile. Free WI Fi and free refills. When you get the call. 60 seconds to baggage claim.
2	I have seen better and I can't say that I've seen worse. This is a very small McD's with only a few tables inside and a couple outside. Watching the crew for a bit, they seemed to be taking quite a while to get orders together and get people out the door. I wouldn't recommend this one if you're in a rush.It has the usual stuff of McDonald's - a Coke fountain, ice tea urns and napkin dispensers but ketchup only in packets. Credit card machines have the touchless sensors if your card supports that.On the plus side, the dining room is open 24 hours and they have three power outlets next to bolted-down tables and chairs. The wifi works well and the parking lot is well lit. There is a TV but it wasn't on when I was here.
2	You're not going here because you want a bite to eat, you're going here bc you are waiting for someone to pick up at the airport or just dropped someone off in the morning and are craving an Egg McMuffin.  My case is the latter.Slow service, perhaps due to shift change or morning rush (at 630AM).  I waited in drive-thru at the ordering part, and it took them 8 minutes to take my order.  They forgot a package of salsa they asked me to choose one.  And those sheisty folks at McD put ice in my orange juice--like half a cup of ice.Haven't been inside so I have no idea.dmo out.
1	Hola, Bienvenido a McDonald's.This is the absolute WORST McDonald's that I have EVER been to in my LIFE!   First off, the health grade never seems to be better than a 94 (http://mecklenburg.digitalhealthdepartment.com/facilities.cfm?facilityID=316649.)  Don't even bother ordering anything that will differ from the way the employees are trained to make it - forget about extra pickles, hold the onions, no ketchup, add mustard - it WILL NOT HAPPEN AT THIS MCDONALD'S!!!  One day, a man ahead of me at the counter simply wanted a PLAIN cheeseburger - JUST CHEESE AND MEAT!  He sent it back 2 times because they kept making it wrong.  Really?  Bread, cheese, meat - that's it.  How hard can it be??  When my simple little ole iced coffee came out wrong (after they had overcharged for it!) that same man smiled at me and said "Good luck with THAT!"  As for the drive-thru?  I've had to jump out of it too many times to count because after I had placed my order at the speaker, we never seemed to move along.  If the car at the pick-up window is waiting on something that is taking an extra long time, YOU will have to wait also.  They don't have that car pull out of line for an employee to bring them their item(s) when ready.  OH NO!!!   EVERYBODY in line has to wait!!    Don't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's, but after more than 6 years of the same kind of service (or lack thereof!)  I guess not.  The only reason I ever went to this location was because it is close to my work, and options are pretty limited.  But now?  I can't even go back because it's such a waste of time & money.
1	I would never review a McDonald's normally, but I have to review this one because its so disgusting. Every single time I go its dirty, every time. Tables, benches, whatever it is, dirty. The food is usually below average and the workers barely speak English. Go somewhere else (PLEASE!!) instead and skip this place.
1	THE Worst McDonald's I have ever experienced. Believe me, I'm a vet & have been to them all around the world too! Find another; it's easy enough to do.
1	I honestly wish I can give this place no stars. Okay, okay. It's a mcdonalds, nothing to rave about but the fact that they have the *excuse my language* SHITTEST customer service erks me. I use to go here often because I went to CPCC harris campus. 8/10 times they would get my order wrong somehow but that's not the point. The thing that annoys me is how one worker tried to blame ME for the wrong order. Seriously.. this mcdonalds needs to get their shit together.
3	We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird, like all four corners under instead of bottom, left, and right, and like some effort was actually put into them. It's also kind of shabby they offer water at the same price and a regular drink. I'm not looking for free, but at least half the price of drink that have to be ordered and delivered. We are talking about water here, simply water. The ice coffees on the other hand were at least made with a generous amount of flavor. The were yummy and definitely worth my dollar. The staff should also work on communication, instead seemed a bit aggressive and not very personable.
1	Because I was on first light standby, I got to the breakfast counter as soon as it opened.  I counted four employees, and two customers, and another couple of customers arriving before I left this splendid eatery.  The cashier took my order and my money, then told my order to the prep people who slumped only a couple of feet away from her.  I waited.  And waited.  The alleged biscuit on my breakfast sandwich was probably yesterday's version of a croissant,  Soggy, flat, gooey.  Yuk.  While I was examining this mess, the prep employee told the poor Eastern European guy who was struggling with English that "there ain't no bar-ree-toes wadja want?"  yikes.  Even repeating it wasn't going to help the visitor (or me) to understand that advice.  The visitor was a lot more nimble than I would have been in his position.  He glanced up at the menu board and defaulted to another combo number.  Doubt he even knew what would be handed to him. What I doubted even more was the situation. A cashier at the start of business doesn't know that there are menu items missing from the kitchen.  Then she continues to take money from arriving customers for the missing "Bar-ree-toes."  I just don't have much of an appetite for that kind of weirdness at any time of day.
3	Of course I got in line behind someone who wanted a detailed explanation of the price difference between a la carte or a meal. Believe it or not, the supervisor noticed the line forming behind me and had another cashier open her register.The coffee was hot, if only I had checked he bag before I left to see if the creamers I asked for where in there, all would have been good.As mentioned by others, this location is right by the airport.
1	The ice cream machine is Always broken after 9pm AMAZING, this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport, really the Ice-cream machine is Always broken after 9?
