5	Who wants to go to the hospital?  Yay!  Well, not me!  Okay, so that makes me a kill-joy!  As I said in my review of Magee Women's Hospital, no one really wants to go.  But when you do have to go, it's good to know that you will receive excellent care.I was in the ER here recently as an outpatient.  I wiped out on my bicycle (yes, I was wearing my helmet!) and sprained my ankle.*  I was taken to the ER here, and even though I had a bit of wait--I was not a life or death case--I received respectful, kind care from the staff here.  People who work in an ER are under a lot of stress, but everyone here was wonderful from the nurse to the doctor to the X-ray technician.The follow-up care was good too.  I spent a week on crutches, then I was given the boot after my first follow-up visit.  They referred me to a sports-medicine therapist and gave me suggested exercises to do.  I went last week to check the progress and the doctor was pleased with the healing process.UPMC Hospitals have given me great care throughout the years.*Please read my review on "Kindness" about the nice couple who came to my aid.
5	I am not one to say that I am a fan of hospitals but UPMC was great. I visited this hospital some time ago during my college years after a close friend of mine was injured in the Pittsburgh area. The staff was very helpful and understanding of the whole situation and duration of his stay. I was very thankful to all the nurses and doctors who were so great and made sure my friend was out and healthy in a timely manner. Thanks to the UPMC staff! Keep up the great work!
5	UPMC is truly world class medicine - it just is - speaking from experience as a patient AND as a healthcare worker. UPMC makes up a whole hospital system that has several main hospitals and out laying clinics in Pittsburgh and around the world. They have hospitals in Italy, Ireland, Egypt, etc... and in Pittsburgh alone, looking at Hillman Cancer Center, Shadyside, Presby, etc... its fantastic. I have worked at Shadyside and Presby - I can't speak ill on either one. Presby is truly a world of its own, though. Its *massive* and is comprised of MANY intensive care units - neuro/trauma, CCU, surgical ICU, cardiothoracic ICU, liver transplant ICU, medical ICU, etc... The population at presby is VERY sick - they take on clients that no one else will touch because of surgeries being high risk, etc.. and they give patients a chance. The nurses are EXCEPTIONAL, very smart, very well educated and very on top of things, if not overworked and understaffed which is more of a state of the nation, not so much a UPMC specific problem. But when nursing is understaffed, patient care suffered and patient satisfaction drops. The docs are also really excellent. I only worked in the intensive care units there, but I can honestly say that I would send my family there in a heart beat. Parking is really expensive, they do have vallet services which is great for the ER needs as well. The cafeteria is really big and on the top floor. Presby also bridges over to the eye and ear institute and montifore hospital. They are a level 1 trauma center, heart, lung, liver transplant center... When I was there, they were not a burn center, however. Really sick? Need great care? - Go to UPMC. I would move back across the country to get care in Pittsburgh - thats how much faith I have in their medical practices.
1	UPMC Presby is one of the worst hospitals I have ever experienced.  I went into the trauma unit after a car wreck.  I was yelled at, degraded and humiliated. I needed to use the bathroom and they insisted I use a bed pan because i wasn't supposed to move my neck.  They jerked my back and neck around far worse than i would have if i had been helped to stand up, but whatever.  They brought the bed pan and demanded that  go or they would catheterize me.  They said it as a threat and kept telling me how much it would hurt me if i made them catheterize me.  I wasn't being uncooperative, I simply didn't need to go that bad.  Especially after they had humiliated me and lifted me up, bare-butt to the world for everyone to see...not medical personnel, other people in the room who had nothing to do with anything except building maintenance. Dehumanizing.  After being threatened into forcing myself to pee in that bedpan, the woman spilled the urine all over me and my bed.  I was forced to lay in my own wet filth for almost two hours.  It burned my skin and literally gave me a diaper rash.Then, I had gone without food at doctors orders for more than 15 hours on top of being brought into trauma very hungry, so probably 24 hours total.  When finally I was cleared by the doctor to eat, it took the staff more than four hours to get me food.  I ended up sending a friend from his house to a local restaurant.  He was 15 miles away and had to fight traffic.  He still beat the staff at bringing me food.  It was a truly horrendous experience. Humiliating. Disgusting.  No respect for patients as real people.  I would rather visit a witch doctor with a rusty saw blade than ever go back.
1	If I could give a zero, I would. I'm waiting to be seen, & have been waiting for over 2 hours. I had an appointment at 11:15. Nobody seems to care that everyone here has a scheduled appointment, is in pain & has been waiting such a long time. Highly disappointed in so many things about this experience with Dr Kanter's office at UPMC Presby. He may be a good surgeon, but this system sucks.
3	As a sickly and regular patient/customer, I really think I can review a hospital, but must concede the great diversity and relativity of experiences within a hospital among the diseased, injured,... dying etc.  There's so much going on in a hospital perhaps one can only relate their own experiences.  I had a pretty basic surgical experience here, which was a Vascular Decompression surgery for trigeminal neuralgia.  Basically they cut away skin and muscle from my temporal and occipital bones, drilled a hole in my skull and placed padding between the fifth cranial nerve and some 'offending' artery.  The surgeon did what appears at this time to be a great job.  My scar is very small compared to patients of other neurosurgeons, so my review here, is an attempt at an accurate account of my hospital stay and experience.  The waiting room and time were fine for my experience, but the negative aspects would be the lack of pain management, uncomfortable recovery, and the bossy nurses.  Currently, one week after my surgery I am managing my pain with Tylenol and whisky.  I ran out of oxycodone today and apparently they do not refill it after 4:30pm.  It must be standard operating procedure in the hospital business to supply the patient/customer with no more than one week of pain medication after surgery, which has been the case here.  In my opinion, it is immoral.  There are 1,000s of people out there in pain that cannot get relief.  After dozens of unrelated surgeries, I anticipate it, personally, but potential patients/customers here should be forewarned of UPMC's incompetent system.  My suggestion is whisky or vodka; although nausea inducing, and disorienting, with the proper moderation they allow for some relief and sleep.  We patients/customers, get treated like inmates or something.  It's degrading.  At any rate, prior to my surgery, I first found myself discussing Egyptian archaeology with a  pre-operative nurse whom did not believe in the efficacy of Carbon-14 dating and presumably evolution.  In my experience as a patient, creationism is an extremely common position in the medical profession, but I always find it disturbing that people exerting control over my body's biochemistry disbelieve in basic biology.  I suppose on the other hand, appreciation of genetics and paleontology have relatively little bearing on the competence of those wheeling carts around, filling out forms and discarding human waste.    Nonetheless, here are a couple of links outlining our present understanding of Geologic Time, etc. for any potential nurse reading this.   http://paleobiology.si.edu/geotime/main/http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/2010/3059/pdf/FS10-3059.pdfhttp://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/geotime/radiometric.htmlIn the Operating Room, they didn't talk to me very much even though I was asking questions and put in the really painful burning anesthetic into my left arm's I.V. line.  Upon awakening, I remember a lot of pain, disorientation and vomiting.  It was extremely uncomfortable.  Usually, one awakens with pain and thirst, but here I remember them asking all kinds of questions while my head hurt and I was vomiting.  They also had in a urethral catheter, which was very uncomfortable.  I was able to get them to take it out only after begging for a long time.  One thing I hate in a hospital stay, is a urethral catheter.  I didn't need one, and resent the fact I woke up with one in.   I also woke up with an extra I.V. line in my inner elbow area.  I always request that my I.V.s be placed away from joints as they bruise the veins when I move, but obviously, this request was ignored in the O.R.  It would take them over 24 hours to remove it.  The hospital room was nice and the nurses a bit bossy, which I guess was protocol for a neurosurgery patient.  They kept making me look around, tell the date and push my feet and hands into the air.  All I wanted to do was sleep.  At any rate it took them a long time to inject me with pain medication and remove extra I.V. input lines.  I was nauseous and could only eat Jello, which they readily supplied effectively.  So, now I'm still sore and at home, but doing a lot better.  Seemed like an effective hospital and the associated school has a great reputation- one of the best in the world, in fact.  I've heard that the other hospitals in Pittsburgh have better food and rooms however.
1	250 dollars for a prescription of a drug I already knew I needed? The healthcare system is a racket. UPMC is part of the problem. And they told my insurance company the appointment was an hour which was a lie but it's not worth the time and effort to do anything so all I'm going to do is complain on Yelp and hopefully nobody reading this will support these crooks anymore.
