1	I had heard that Duncan Donuts had revamped and opened a new location at Baseline and Stapley.  We love donuts and decided to give them a go.  We had intended to go through the drive thru and upon arriving realized there were no pictures of donuts or choices on the drive thru menu, there were sandwiches, bagels, etc...and only one picture of an "Express Donuts" which is a pre-sorted selection that Duncan Donuts chooses for you.  The girl came on the speaker and I told her I would like a dozen, and she said "An Express Dozen", I said, no I would like to choose them, and she said I couldn't do that at the drive thru window.  I was flabbergasted...a Donut Store that doesn't let you choose donuts at the window...so I asked her if I could come inside and choose my dozen and she said yes.  So we parked and went inside...There was one couple ahead of us, who moved out of the way quickly, so we came up to the counter.  Now my first complaint would be, is that the donuts are displayed behind the counter, behind the people, so you have to crane your neck around to even see what is available, instead of nicely displayed upfront in a case where you can see them.  As we were standing at the counter, a teenager stood there, but said nothing and eventually he just walked away.  There were no less than 10 employees standing around and a manager, and not one of them walked up to me and asked me what I wanted to order...Eventually a kid came up and told the previous customer they were out of "Vanilla Bean" and did he want strawberry or something else...or something like that, the guy declined and wanted to cancel his order...a manager starting messing with the register, and still, nobody was waiting on us at the other register...finally a kid said..."just a second".  I noticed in the case behind the employees, I could not see Boston Creme donuts which is what we really wanted.  We stood for several more minutes, still nobody waited on us....so I said "excuse me, do you have any Boston Creme donuts"?  The kid said no...I even overheard two teenagers who were saying, if they were out of something for the Express order, just grab two other donuts and throw them in there...no lie...you don't get to choose, particularly if you are going thru the drive thru.  I have never seen a more ridiculous set up, business model, inept management in all my life.  They lost us...one visit, we are done...we drove all the way back to Superstition Springs to go to Krispy Kremes, where we were immediately waited on with a huge selection to choose from...I give Duncan Donuts new location less than a year to fold...and it will be their own fault.
1	It's sad to admit but I'm a Dunkin Donuts regular, and considering I order the same thing at least 3 times a week I think I know what my coffee should taste like. The girls who work here are rude. I've only once sent my coffee back because it tasted like water. After telling the girl it didn't taste right she acted like she didn't understand or wasn't willing to make me a new one. So I tell her it tastes watered down, and since she wouldn't make a new one (every other dunkin has always made a new one) I asked her to add more chocolate. She walks over to another employee and so rudely says "it tastes like water!", basically making fun of me to the other girl. I received my coffee and left only to be unsatisfied for what I paid for. Ever since when I return I always get a nice girl talking through the intercom but once I pull up to the window get treated with a snotty personality. Seems like they might need some male staff or a new manager. I would suggest trying another Dunkin if you want good coffee and pleasant service.
1	The supposed filled donuts are actually sunken in the middle because there is not enough filling. A smear does not qualify as being a filling. Their stock is always missing many if its donuts. The customer service is terrible. Go to Good Donuts on Gilbert and Guadalupe....so worth it and 5 star quality!
