3	As I rushed through the depths of Mandalay Bay, late for one of my closest friend's wedding I started to get out of breath - where was THE chapel??? These 3-inch heels aren't going to make it much further.After what was a good ten minute sprint we arrived, heaving oxygen into our lungs to a lobby decorated in dark wood and creamy colors.  The smiling receptionist told us our wedding party was located in the "gold" room.  Seems as if this facility has two or so rooms on each side so they can accommodate many ceremonies. The rooms are pleasant enough - the theme of dark wood/creams follows through and behind the pulpit there is a big window that can look out to some tropical foliage.  Our particular room looked like it could've held about 35-50 people. Honestly it occurred to me at one point they looked a little funereal (which I guess some people think when they are getting married, death of being single and all)  There is a piano in the back where my friend had a player come in to play the bridal entrance as well as provide some background music during the vows.What I did like was the bride and groom rooms. Now of course when you think Vegas you think Elvises and drunken "I dos" and "did I just do that?" the next morning, but this was straight out elegant.  My friend had a nice, quiet place to dress, do her make-up and try to calm those pre-wedding nerves.The ceremony itself of course was beautiful and I would put some photos up --oh wait, we weren't allowed to film video or take stills during the vows because of course on top of the package they had already sold the couple, they wanted to be able to get plenty of add-ons out of them. Fine, dandy, I guess you can make your money but if we want to take shots from our point of view I don't know why that's a big deal. (Although my view was marred by tears the whole time)    The officiator was very nice and ran the vows perfectly, stopping to give my girl time to wipe her tears and compose a little so she could say her personal vows.All in all definitely my friend's sleek style and the package deals seemed pretty good - you know, if you are the 1% who comes to Vegas sober and planning to wed.....
3	I was here for my cousin's wedding, so my review will only be about my experience with the wedding chapel from the point of view of a participant, and not with the planning part of the business.First off, within Mandalay Bay, it is a bit confusing as to where the wedding chapel actually is.  We followed signs inside the hotel, but after a while, the signs disappeared.  You would think that on the other signs we saw on the way, they would also mention the wedding chapel, but they were not there.  Most of the signs were in reference to the different meeting rooms at the convention center up ahead.  At least the storefront was clearly marked, so we didn't miss it.Once we got in, it was pretty much like a business office to me.  There was a front receptionist, who I assume would have directed us to the right room, but she was busy on the phone, but then I saw my aunt and uncle walk out, and they directed me instead.  All the different rooms were clearly marked as if they were conference rooms... "Bride's quarters", "Groom's quarters", etc.The main room was pretty small, and could probably accommodate about 40-50 people comfortably.  Since the room was so short, when the bride walked in, it lasted under a minute for her to make it to the front.The entire session lasted less than 30 minutes, and the photography session afterwards lasted about the same amount of time as the ceremony.Overall, if you want to get married quickly, but done with style and class, this would not be a bad place to do that.  For me, maybe I'm too narcissistic, but holding a wedding in Vegas would mean that the attention is off of me, and is more about the guests being in Vegas.
4	The hotel, overall, was beautiful.  It was really difficult to find the chapel though.  Not only is it a 15 minute walk from the hotel room; there aren't many signs directing you where to go.  Follow the signs for Shark Reef or Convention Center.  I think the decorations in the chapels could be updated a little.  I like that it was neutral, but it seemed a little sad in there.  All in all, not terrible though.  It still looked ok in the photos.The wedding packages are decently priced; they have a wide range of options and upgrades available to accommodate just about anyone.  I was very pleased with the ease of choosing a package.  I'm not at all thrilled with the photography options (or the quality of the photos).  I wanted one thing out of the photo session...the CD/DVD of the photos.  I didn't care about canvas print, or fancy slideshows.  I can do some of that myself.  You're forced to use their photographer inside the chapel, and of course you will want the photos because they're the only photos taken of the vows and the first kiss, etc.  It is so expensive though and the photos really weren't that great.  Money aside, I wouldn't go to their company for anything related to photography.  The lady who assisted me during the viewing, though, did what she could.  We were able to work a deal from $2500 for a package of stuff that I really didn't want, to $600 for the disc and a 4x6 print of each photo.  Still more than I wanted to spend, by far...luckily I had a little extra money from a decrease in cost of the hotel suite so I used that to cover the extra cost of the photos.Definitely hire your own photographer to meet you outside the chapel when the ceremony is over.  Unless you don't mind picking the handful of photos that are included in the chapel package.All in all it was a great day and everything worked out.  We have great memories and we didn't have to pay a fortune to get them.
4	We got married at Mandalay Bay, June 30, 2007. The Chapel itself was beautiful and everything was a breeze for us. We took at trip in January of 2007 to plan ahead and make all the decisions for our wedding, which helped a great deal, but wasn't necessary. Alicia was our coordinator at the Chapel and everything was a breeze. The only complaint, the music. I chose which songs I wanted our guests and wedding party to walk in to and which song for me to enter the room. The piano player was good, but the songs sounded nothing like what they were. I wish we had some kind of rehearsal though, for I felt the whole process was very rushed (I have to keep reminding myself it is Vegas though) and I looked a little silly on video. My parents walked me down the aisle, but it looked more like running down the aisle! I also looked lost during the ceremony, lighting the candles and all those little details...etc. We chose to have a simple and brief non denominational service, which the minister did exactly that. I could have done with the unnecessary "Love is Like" poem, I really am sick of hearing that, it sounds so cliche. I didn't know there would be a long poem... The photography was wonderful and well worth the $3000 we paid for it. Our salesperson for the photography however, was another story. Her accent was so think you could barely understand what she was saying or tying via email! Also what we received for our photo album was not what we ordered, and we didn't receive what we actually paid several hundred dollars extra for until several complaints via email and telephone. Our CD Montage was also broken, it stuck on the eight picture, only about 50 more to go that we couldn't see. I am in the wedding industry myself, I am on On Locaiton Makeup Artist. Nine times out of ten, when you have more than half of your guests stay at the hotel, when you plan your ceremony AND reception, rehearsal dinner AND Sunday brunch all at the hotel, usually at least one room or suite is comped. But no such thing at Mandalay. It is a good thing we absolutely love the hotel, for that we will return. I just think it is wrong to give all that business to the hotel and not get one thing in return. I have never heard of that. I understand Las Vegas is not Chicago (where we live), but even the Peninsula comps a hotel suite for the bridal party or for the bride and groom if the ceremony and reception are held there.
1	I got married in 2008 at the Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay. While it was better than some fat Elvis marrying my wife and I, we were not happy at all with what went down. Once we made our deposit, any form of decent customer service went out the window. From there it only gets worse. In addition to the earlier described nightmare of finding the place, the staff was rude, our flowers were sad and the entire process was rushed. Making things worse, Mandalay Bay overlooked booking the videographer, used to wrong music and screamed down the tube for the bride to come down in front of our guests. However, the worst part of the entire experience was the fact they fought me for weeks on getting two chairs (Shark Reef weddings are standing room only) for guests. One guest was an elderly woman in her 80's who had some recent medical issues and the other was my mother who is mobility impaired. After weeks and weeks and weeks of fighting and begging for chairs, it was approved. Of course on our special day, they were MIA. The one good thing about the location was the minister. When I called to complain about the entire event (this is a shortened version keep in mind) I was insulted by the chapels manager, especially when I had a less than favorable review of our coordinator. The only reason we got a full refund is because (these are the words of the gal who runs the chapel, not mine) it was cheaper than the fines from the ADA folks my Mother planned to send their way. So in a nutshell, while perhaps we were just a bad day, I would not suggest to anyone that this is a good place to celebrate the happiest day of your life. At least the honeymoon rocked.
3	I got married in the Platiumn Wedding Chapel on Saturday. The decor was beautiful. I upgraded my package to include the aisle runner, candles and the flowers for $250, but it was worth it. The chapel offered individual dressing rooms for the groom and bride. I think this is the only hotel out of the five we looked at had this accomodation. Walking to the Chapel from the room elevator is a good walk. So make sure you have your walking shoes with you. I had my Shape-up sketchers and then changed into my heels in the dressing room, otherwise my feet would have killed me before I walked down the aisle. The chapel is pretty hard to find, so make sure you tell your guests exactly where it is otherwise they will miss it.  The Officiant and pianiast was very nice. I only have good things to say about them.I totally agree with the other Yelper, once the deposit is put down, the customer service just went down the drain. I actually have to keep on calling the coordinator back to ask for things and make corrections because she provided me with a contract that was outdated. I basically did all the leg work in planning the event out even though it was a package deal. I really don't see why a coordinator was needed. I think just to file papers. I had to make my own room reservations for the other nights and they don't have a way to link all the rooms, so I actually had to call the Front desk.I had to call Hospitality to order my cake, which was fine. I worked with Erik and he was extremely helpful. My cake turned out to be wonderful. It was way too big for 50 people, but everyone enjoyed it. I guess in my mind, a wedding coordinator is suppose to help with the entire wedding plans and not just filing papers or letting me know it is time for me to walk down the aisle.The overall experience wasn't horrible. I guess I just expected more from the Coordinator.
5	So far so good! I'll have to update this after the actual wedding, but so far the planning with Mandalay Bay has been pleasant. Our coordinator is Aleena and she always emails or calls me back in a timely manner and is helpful. We visited the chapel in person and agreed it's much prettier than it looks online. We're excited hopeful it all goes smoothly!
4	Just wanted to update my last review since we got married a few weeks ago at Mandalay. Everything pretty much went as planned. Two hiccups:- We had to move chapels (from smaller to bigger) because the one we reserved was running 30 min behind. Wouldn't matter much expect it looks like no one came to our wedding in pics. We were supposed to have 45 people in a chapel that seated 60 and we ended up in one that seated 100.- One of my watchful bridesmaids noticed the 4 flower arrangements I was supposed to have at the in-suite reception weren't there and she made she they were delivered right away.Other than that it was great! The minister was awesome and just what we wanted. The pictures are beautiful. The suite looked great when we all arrived and there was a bartender, etc. Would definitely recommend Mandalay Bay for a Vegas wedding.
4	I had my wedding here on May 1st in the Platinum Chapel since we had about 90 guests.  The ceremony was just beautiful.  The reverend did an amazing job officiating.  My husband and I were pretty emotional, which caused our wedding entourage to cry, which also caused our wedding guests to shed tears as well.I loved the Dressing Rooms they have for the Bride and Groom.  It was a place to chill a bit before the ceremony.  My husband and I were not too fond of our coordinator.  I agree with the other posts in that customer service was definitely lacking.  I expected more willingness to help rather than referring me to other departments within Mandalay.However, the Travel Concierge company that was working in coordination with the Chapel, did a wonderful job.  They were able to help me book a total of 3 rooms even our Media Suite and add that into the total cost of our wedding package.  The Media Suite was the best part of our Wedding Weekend.  We stayed for 2 nights and it was large enough to accomodate our guests for the rehearsal dinner and wedding after-parties.I would definitely recommend Mandalay Bay to those interested in having a nice, simple, elegant wedding.Kudos to our Wedding Photographer.. but boooo for the add-ons being sooooooo expensive!!
5	Was married here in January 2010.Packages were cheap, chapel was pretty (not cheesy at all), coordinators were helpful, photography turned out surprisingly well and flowers looked good. Overall, it was a great experience! Drawbacks; the service was very short and chapel was hard to find.
3	My husband and I wanted something a little different for our wedding October 2010.  We both love aquariums and it was very fitting for us that we would tie the knot surrounded by sharks and fishies and our families.  Our 'chapel' was the Shark Reef and it was lovely.  Shark Reef weddings are standing-only before the aquarium opens and you are supposed to have 10 guests total, but we had an extra and nobody noticed =)  We were supposed to have half an hour of photography but it was more like ten minutes.  I was a little annoyed that they did not stick to the timeline because we had scheduled to be out of the Shark Reef around 9:45-10:00 but it was more like 9:30.  The ceremony was much more quick than was written in the itinerary.  I never once met our coordinator.  I had a lot of issues with our coordinator as far as not responding to emails in a timely manner, and every time that I called she was not available.  I actually ended up completely giving up what I wanted for the flowers about three weeks out since dealing with her was stressing me out so much.However, when we were at the hotel, most everything was handled in a very timely manner and they were always quick to set up limo service when we asked for it.  The coordinators that I met and dealt with the day before and the day of were nice and very accommodating.  You have to use an in-house photographer (Cashman)--they are super expensive and the image quality isn't that great.  We only bought a few prints because we had hired another photographer for the reception and a tour of the strip and he was amazing!  I really recommend that route and you can see my other reviews for who we used.Overall we were very pleased with the hotel's wedding services and I would recommend them.  There were a few bumps in the experience but it all worked out great.
5	We were married here May 20, 2011 and are very pleased with the service and venue. We chose the Intimate Mix ceremony at the chapel, followed by a reception for 40 at MIX nightclub upstairs. The ceremony was simple, but very nice. Just what we wanted. We added an isle runner and rose petals and these stand up vases at each row. The minister was fantastic. I don't remember his name, but he did a great job. Flowers for the bridesmaid and for the groomsmen's lapels all looked great. Photographer was good, but all business...fine with us since we just wanted to get to our reception (pics turned out nice). The reception was fantastic. the hand-passed finger foods (mini grilled cheese, brie, chicken satay, beef skewers, macaroni, and sliders) were all delicious, as was the cake. Most of our guests commented how tasty the food was and that is was the best tasting wedding cake they have ever ate. Drinks were great and served by two waitresses promptly...very pleased with that. Two hours of drinks AND gratuity was included in the package so we didn't really have to worry about a huge bill at the end of the night. I was kind of worried that there was no music playing for the two hours we had our area reserved, but it turned out better since people were able to chat. About 10pm the music kicked in and our wedding group hit the dance floor with the other patrons in the club. The view at MIX is awesome. If you and your future wife/husband are looking for a casual but still classy ceremony and reception where you can party and have a good time and not worry about all the minutia and stress of wedding planning I would highly recommend Mandalay Bay. It wasn't "cheesy" like most Vegas weddings seem to be. Happy to say that every aspect of our wedding here actually exceeded our expectations!
5	Attended a Wedding at this Chapel and was beyond impressed. The Chapel is located in THEhotel at Mandalay Bay which is incredibly classy and beautiful. The Chapel is gorgeously decorated and the perfect size for an intimate Vegas getaway Wedding. The rooms to get ready are nice and cozy with big mirrors, a bathroom and couch in each one. The Chapel itself is very nice and the picture taking area is cute. For a Vegas Wedding, I would suggest this Chapel to anyone planning their nuptials.
1	My husband and I got married in the chapel at Mandalay Bay back in 2007 and though the chapel is very pretty and the services were great, the wedding coordinator I had, Ada Casanova, was a complete NIGHTMARE to work with. She was unprofessional, she was rude to my guests (She said to my maid of honor's husband..."YOU can stand in the corner until the bridal party gets here!" What??) and she ruined it for everyone. She never informed me of what time I had to be there so I had assumed about 20 minutes prior. I tried to reach her all morning and the night before to confirm when I had to be there. Do you think she ever responded? No, not until the exact moment when I had to be there, which turned out to be about 45 minutes prior (thanks for letting me know that!) so I ended up running from my room upstairs with my bridesmaids (in my dress and heels) to get to the chapel and we received nothing but attitude from her. She has no class and is completely unprofessional and clearly thinks she's the cat's meow (not even close). She rolled her eyes, gave my bridesmaids sass and treated us as though we were second class citizens. She wasn't available for questions ever. Not only that, they book weddings so close together that we were literally pushed out of the room to make room for the next wedding. My reception was at the Hard Rock and they are 100 times better at handling weddings than the Mandalay Bay. If I could do anything over I would've had the entire event at the Hard Rock. They do it right over there and they treat people with respect.
5	The Wedding Chapel was a delight to work with in organizing our wedding and our coordinator could not have been more responsive or professional.  It was a surprise to see the negative review below as that was completely not our impression at all.  In fact, my wife was able to relax (if that is the appropriate term, who ever relaxes before a wedding) in the knowledge that everything was taken care of - from the flowers to the custom made floral muff that the chapel commissioned for her.  The management accommodated our extra guests and was nothing but gracious.  In fact, a couple of my wife's bridesmaids are planning their upcoming weddings there based on our experience.  Thanks to all involved!
5	Professional, beautiful, awesome. This is a great place to get married. A couple of my best friends decided to get married at this location. The staff was super professional, and the wedding went off without a hitch. Spacious chapel with a great view. The waiting area was nice as well. They even gave one of my friends a bottle of water when he asked if they had a water fountain. Very cool.For a nice experience and an even nicer wedding, this is a great place to check out.
5	We were married at the Mandalay Bay Wedding Chapel on 12/17/11 and it was fantastic.We had a very small group in attendance (20?), and were married in the Silver Chapel. Our coordinator Aleena was in touch with us every step of the way, which I found quite impressive since they crank out several weddings a month.We purchased the First Kiss package which includes the wedding, pianist, minister, package of photos and a nice bar/hot appetizer set up in a penthouse suite.  I have to mention that the only 'hiccup' in this perfect plan was the fact that the penthouse suite was not available as per the package, so they 'upgraded' us to the vista suite (which was absolutely breathtaking), and charged us an extra fee for this 'upgrade'. However, with enough frustration I was able to get some of the charge knocked off and we decided to stay in the Vista suite for the night anyway since we were in the 'honeymoon' suite for the rest of our stay.I suggest going by the Chapel the day before the wedding even if you don't have a rehearsal so you can sneak a peek at the layout, and get a feel for how STRANGELY far the chapel is from the hotel rooms, you will definately need to allow for plenty walking time through the casino in your dress as people will stop you to congratulate you randomly.Our guests seemed to enjoy themselves, the only peep I heard out of anyone was that the bartender wouldn't 'open' until we were in the suite and we were delayed because of some outside pictures. In a 'do over' I would ask them to serve without us. The pianist followed us up to the suite and played through the whole reception, which was unexpected, pretty cool.As an added perk, Brad and Angelina were staying in the suite directly above us (apparently, they bumped us out of the penthouse! *shakes a fist*)The minister was sensational, non-religious by request, he said some very moving words during the ceremony and allowed us to recite our own vows. A very touching moment.  ALSO, I recommend the webcasting, this was a true blessing for all of our friends and family who could not attend!!  (plus us getting to watch it during our honeymoon after all of the hoopla had died down, very sweet moment for us).All in all, amazing time.  Highly recommended spot to wed in Vegas!
4	This was my second marriage and I loved how easy it was doing everything via email. We paid about $7000 (with the upgrades we chose for the wedding and the reception). There were 25 of us total and had the wedding in the Silver Chapel with the reception following in the Vista Suite.The Wedding: The flowers were absolutely gorgeous! The bouquets were so much bigger and prettier than I could have imagined! The package came with a medium bouquet and I couldn't believe how much bigger it was than I expected. They literally almost took my breath away when they were brought into the room. The dressing room was a fun place to hang out in while were nervously waiting to walk the aisle. The coordinators even let us open our complementary bottle of champagne and brought us glasses. The minister was a pro and made quick changes to our personalized vows and orchestrated them (almost) perfectly. The wedding coordinators were attentive and very professional. The chapel was really pretty on it's own but we added the runner with rose petals with floating candles option. It was $250 extra but it was beautiful.Bonuses: They let us check in early to The Vista Suite so that we could move everything in and I could get ready there with my girls.The day before the wedding, a limo takes you to get your marriage license (even though our package didn't mention a limo or even transportation on the website). When we returned to the limo from the courthouse, there was a complementary rose and a chilled bottle of champagne waiting. Very nice touch!Danielle recommended OneLuvAgency (oneluvbridal.com) for hair and make-up. They came right to the Suite and did an excellent job.Two downfalls: First, the wedding coordinator, Danielle, that I had emailed with for months ahead of time did not contact us once after our arrival at the hotel and was not available for our wedding. We never met her or spoke with her. This surprised me and disappointed me but the other girls did a great job of making sure we were taken care of. Don't expect to have your coordinator at your wedding...but Danielle did do a wonderful job making sure it was all exactly what I wanted. She was also very good at returning emails, answering questions, and making changes.Second, The pictures were good, but definitely not great. The pictures you get seem more like proofs. One was so off center that I ordered it again when I got home and they sent it off center again. Odd. They really try to push you to buy more pictures the day after the wedding, but I'd wait and order them online after you've had time to think about what you really want. You get about 2 months to view and order...but the shipping and handling fees are kind of outrageous.The In Suite Reception: EXCELLENT!! The food was excellent, the bartender was awesome, and the room was gorgeous. They say 2 hours but we didn't realize when we booked the reception that we actually get to keep the Suite for the whole night! The bartender just leaves after 2 hours and they clean up the food. We got to keep partying!! They were so nice and left us beer and wine because they could see that we weren't ready to stop. They also started to clear food and then asked if we wanted it left because there was still so much left. It was a really good time!One downfall: I wanted to add appetizer's to my food choice and had to go through Group Dining. 50 small appetizer pieces was $300 extra. Sound crazy, I know but I was willing to pay that. Then they tried to add $150 handling fee. Ummm...wtf? I managed to get them to drop that to $50 but still thought $350 for 25 spring rolls and 25 little crackers with some crab salad (yummy crab salad, btw) was crazy.Oh yeah...The cake was SOOO pretty and it was the best tasting cake I've ever had! White cake with chocolate mousse filling and butter cream frosting. Yum. They cover all of that with fondant to make it spectacular, but it comes off really easy for those that don't like it.I can't imagine a Vegas Wedding being more perfect for what we had in mind...beautiful, elegant, organized, and frickin fun!!
4	Going to fit Mandalay Bay, Fleur, The Wedding Chapel, and THEhotel all under the umbrella of this one review, as we basically did our own customized Mandalay Bay Wedding Experience for 19 people. We started by booking The Chapel at Mandalay Bay and a giant, 2,000sq foot suite at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay for the reception.  They were one of the only locations in Vegas that seemed totally cool with our plans to throw a big party in one of their suites. The hotel gave us 20% off our rooms and our guest rooms for the wedding - despite the fact that our wedding would occur at such a busy time as St. Patrick's Day, Spring Break, and March Madness.When we decided to have our wedding dinner at Fleur, we had the pleasure of working with Lisa Cortina of group dining services. She was tirelessly helpful and a total sweetheart in helping us construct such a memorable experience both at dinner and at the reception after. The experience:The wedding went off without a hitch. Our officiant, Rev. Adam Duckro, kept it quick, simple, honest, real and heartfelt, just how we wanted. It. This is Vegas. Our guests didn't come this far to sit through a long ceremony. Also, our guide/planner (Kaylee or Kaylen I believe) was great too. The photographer got some great shots, but more on that in a minute.Fluer by Hubert Keller was amazing. Sure, it was expensive to do a 6 course tasting menu for 19 people, but each dish impressed, and pleased both the picky palates and the gourmands in our party. So happy to be able to say that my Wedding Dinner was one of the best dinners of my life! Thank you Hubert Keller, Thank you to our great service staff, and Thank you Lisa Cortina! Finally the reception. We moved up to one of the "T-Suites" located on the 62nd floor of THEhotel. This place was huge. Big enough for a party of 30 or so, but PERFECT for our wedding party of 19. There was a bar, a floor section big enough for a dance floor, a sound system, great decor, couches, tables, and an awesome all-glass direct view of the strip. Our attached bedroom was equally impressive. We didn't staff anyone in the room. A bartender isn't necessary for that small of a party. Guests did have fun taking turns behind the bar "playing bartender" though. Pretty sure my step-brother's performance got him laid. The Party was great, as evidenced by security showing up twice to keep it down. However, when my irate and half-drunk aunt called management, explaining the money we'd spent that day, and that this was a wedding party, I'm pretty sure they just to decided to just ignore whatever wet-blanket party poopers would call security at 1AM on a Saturday night, St. Partrick's Day, in Las Vegas. Big ups for calling off the Hounds. Maybe they offered the complainers an Ambien...we will never know. We were too busy raging until about 4:30 AM. The whole Mandalay Bay experience was as memorable as could be. Single ladies were overheard saying "this is how I want to do my wedding". If I could go back, I wouldn't change a thing.Points were docked for 3 reasons though, taking it down to 4 stars. The prices for stocking booze in our room and for the various Photography packages were outrageous by any industry standard. I mean OUTRAGEOUS.Also, when we were having issues getting the audio working for the reception, I was told on the phone, by the audio technician that he wouldn't be coming up to assist me because he was "a little busy". Imagine being a groom, being late for your wedding dinner, terrified that your guests will find your reception without music, and hearing those words. I wanted to reach through the phone and strangle him. He did ultimately walk me through it on the phone, but it caused me to be even more late. This probably jacked up our dinner a notch too, as the boozehounds of our group surely sucked down another $15 martini or two while waiting for us to join them. C'est la vie. For those curious, the whole experience totaled out at about $6,000 for the day's events. That's obviously pricy for a 19 person wedding, but if you're thinking of ditching The Big Wedding like we did, this is a much funner, cheaper option. Everyone- EVERYONE had a blast.
5	My husband (ack, husband! Still getting used to that) and I got married here this past Saturday, and I can say that Mandalay Bay gave us a wedding ceremony beyond any we could have ever imagined. We had about 75 guests and got married in one of their outdoor venues, Valley of the Falls,with reception following in the Palm Foyer space indoors.Overall, this was absolutely wonderful--I really don't have any complaints. Our floral was stunning, our officiant (Rev. Adam Duckro) was so amicable and nailed our ceremony (there were a lot of little detail things--no pronouncing us "Mr and Mrs X" since I'm keeping my last name, no "Love is patient love is kind" because I can't stand it, having him work in a reading from my mother-in-law and a ring warming ceremony from my mom) and all of the little details within. The A/V for our ceremony was solid and they played the music I gave them perfectly (I provided a CD and skipped the pianist), and the two wedding coordinators that helped us on the day of were very sweet and one even recognized me the next day and came over to say hi and greet me by name. The space looked stunning and I think my guests were pleased, despite the heat (it was about 92 degrees). My Mandalay Bay wedding coordinator, Jaimie, wasn't there on the day of, but she was REALLY patient in going back and forth with my external wedding coordinator over all the details. As for the Mandalay Bay Catering department that did our reception--these guys were just a joy to work with. Everything about our reception in the Palm Foyer was beautiful and the food was fantastic. My Catering contacts even had some sweet treats delivered to our suite in THEhotel when we got there as a little congratulatory gift, which I thought was a really nice. The actual Palm Foyer space was stunning, especially when it got dark-- it overlooks the MB tower and the entire Strip and the view was killer. The bartenders were great and kept the booze (shots especially) flowing efficiently, which is exactly what we wanted. We had our own waiter who was assigned to just the two of us-- he kept checking on us at our sweetheart table every 5 minutes (no joke) to make sure we had everything we needed-- our glasses never got even halfway empty, and he even reserved a bunch of appetizers for us in case we were too busy mingling at cocktail hour to get any. The appetizers, in particular, were awesome, and there was a TON of food left over. The best part, though, was our cake-- the cake was the one thing I gave them free license with. Every other detail of my wedding was planned but for the cake, I kind of said "surprise me", and boy, did they ever. It was stunning, and they totally nailed it. Overall, an amazing reception experience and I couldn't have imagined anything better.Initially I was nervous that a wedding factory like MB wouldn't work with us on the details to get the day exactly how I wanted it, but they totally did. Can't wait to come back someday and do a vow renewal. ;)
5	My husband and I recently got married in Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay Chapel- Valley of the falls location. We are from LA so this was a destination wedding for us and our guests. In short the experience was excellent, the service suburb and the ceremony was lovely, very nice and not at all Vegas-Cheesy. We did a ton of research on weddings in Las Vegas- so save yourself some time and just go with the Mandalay Bay- it's by far the best place. We worked with Jaimie Zimmerman at the wedding chapel for our coordination. She was excellent. She helped us with every detail and even helped beyond her obligation with some of other other wedding weekend events. Planning a wedding is stressful and Jaimie and the rest of the Mandalay Bay wedding chapel made it a breeze. For anyone, like me, who doesn't have a lot of time to plan, but still wants a really nice wedding- this is the place. The price was also very reasonable and we got everything we wanted, many upgrades, and still came in under budget. Despite the reasonable price everything was of very high quality from the flowers to the musicians. The outdoor venue was very nice and very well decorated. Being outside was very important to us and the Mandalay Bay was the only place we found who could make that happen the way we wanted. Our wedding was also relatively large for a Vegas wedding at 80 guests- the Mandalay Bay handled this number of guests beautifully. Many other locations on the strip could not do a wedding of this size.We loved our wedding at the Mandalay Bay as did our guests and we can give it the highest possible recommendation to anyone else looking to get married in Las Vegas.
1	Pros: Chapel was very niceFlowers and decor were done wellCons:Communication was nonexistentCustomer service was awfulRan out of beer by 6PM (!!!!!???)Did not fulfill the terms of the packagePhotographer rushed us and did a bad jobGroup dining was HORRIBLEMandalay Bay employees were rudeFleur employees were incompetent and DOUBLE CHARGED me on a $3k billAntiquated paper ordering/invoicing system for everything from reception to dinnerThis place is highly NOT SUGGESTED.  Try one of the other many Vegas chapels that exist.THEdetails:We got married here this year with the Opal Shores package.  After being sold on the all-inclusive package, and the intent being that we didn't want to have to deal with a lot of planning, we put the deposit down and expected to sit back and relax and let the coordinator take care of everything.  Not a good idea.Communication was not even part of their lexicon.  Questions leading up to the wedding went unanswered or the answers were so terse that they didn't help at all, making it stressful to say the least.  When we arrived, the computers were all down and we never heard from anyone about if everything was okay with our wedding.  We went over to the chapel and got vague answers, of course, and could not find the wedding coordinator.  No concern about the 4 hour line we just stood in, the people trying to enter our hotel room because of the wrong keys they were given, all of our guests having similar problems so we had to wait again in line with them, NOTHING.  We spent a total of 7 hours in line for us and our guests, and had to talk to the front desk 4 times.Day of the wedding and still have not seen or heard from the wedding coordinator.  The person at the chapel seemed to only know the procedure - she knew nothing of our actual wedding, so was entirely unhelpful.The photographer only took pictures of us for 20 minutes, even though we paid for 45.  The pictures were mostly horrible, with a  sprinkle of weird.  We forced ourselves to pick out 20, but only about half were any good.  We were so rushed that most of them were not just poorly executed, but were of us grimacing from the emotional roller coaster we just went on.  Which would have been fine if we actually got the full time we paid for - we probably would have bounced back at some point.We booked the dinner through group dining at Fleur (separately from the coordinator, which was annoying) and experienced another horrible lack of communication skills.  We arrive after the wedding and the hostess had no idea what to do with the 26 of us while they set up our table.  The portions were not just small - they literally didn't put out enough plates for our guests.  I get charged for the $3k dinner the next day....then again a week later.  They reversed the charge and charged it back again, but anybody knows that the account gets hit with the charge first.  So, for 5 days I couldn't spend anything as my account was drained from the $12k I had just spent.  A month later I am still fighting to talk to a manager about this.We did not get all of the little things that made the package: the garter, custom champagne flutes, custom wedding album, and the custom wedding certificate holder.Everything was done on paper and had to be scanned and sent in, there was no way to fill out options or pay for things online.  This is horribly antiquated and things kept getting lost and were incorrect.Thankfully, I've already curbed three other couples from getting married here.
5	If I could, I would renew my vows every five years at the THE Wedding Chapel at the Mandalay Bay! The service was impeccable, the arrangements were awesome! We renewed our vows Sunday August 26th, 2012 at the Mandalay Bay wedding chapel. If you are considering a wedding or renewal in Vegas, please go check out the Mandalay Bay wedding chapel. My wedding coordinator Jaimie was awesome! She was so patient with me and stayed in constant communication with me.  In addition to the actual ceremony, the Photography was absolutely amazing!!! I was left speechless when I came to view my photos the next day!I read a few reviews and I totally disagree with the negative reviews. I did not have my reception there so I cannot comment  on the that. But my ceremony and my pictures were top of the line! We also enjoyed the THE Mix Lounge!
5	My fiance and I just booked our wedding date this past weekend, we chose Valley of the falls and absolutley loved it!  Our wedding planner is Lorena and we couldn't be happier about it.  She has been very informative and patient, even before we actually put our deposit down.  She's also been very efficient via email and phone for the past couple of months now.  We have no doubt that Lorena and the rest of the staff will make sure we have the best wedding day possible.-Desiree and Mando
4	I got married here in September 2012.  Of all the chapels on the strip THE wedding chapel is the nicest one!  We were married in the sliver chapel, it has an L shaped aisle and seats up to 50.  In my planning stage I was considering rose petal aisle treatments and the tall vases with water and candles in them. DON'T DO IT.  It's really expensive and the vases will be in the way.  God forbid one of them break.Our wedding planner was Aleena.  I wouldn't choose her if I had to do it again.  The day I called to inquire she answered the phone.  I didn't really like her personality over the phone.  She was very dry and didn't volunteer a lot of information.  I know they get a thousand calls a day BUT......I went to the Mandalay Bay website later and looked at the pictures and bios of all the wedding planners.  I hand picked one and called back the next day but Aleena had already put me in the system under her name so I was stuck.  This being my 1st wedding I didn't really know what I wanted or what to expect.  She provided not extra information other than the answers to the questions I asked on our initial call.  I decided that since I was stuck I would just say a prayer and email her from that point on.  She responded instantly to email and answered all my questions thoroughly.We traveled from Atlanta to be married here and when I arrived in town I wanted ot see the venue.  I called @ 4:07p.m. and spoke with a young lady(can't remember her name) asking what time the chapel would be open that day(Wed) for viewing.  She told me 5:00p.m..  I arrived at 4:38p.m. and the doors were locked and no one was at the desk.  I called all the contacts in my phone for the chapel and no one was answering.  Luckily the same girl I spoke with on the phone walked by, tapping her watch telling me they were closed.  I reminded her through the glass that I just called and was told 5:00.  FINALLY, she opened the door and asked if I had a wedding coming up.  I explained to her it was Friday and she let me in.  I thought that was a little unprofessional to lock up early.  I felt rushed walking through looking at everything.  As for the ceremony, the officient was the same soft spoken guy on the YouTube videos.  We could barely hear the scripted speech he gave so I know our guests couldn't hear a word he was saying over the piano playing.  Speaking of piano, we were supposed to have a CD play our music but for some reason it wouldn't work.  I was thinking since this is a TOP OF THE LINE hotel they would have the latest audio visual equipment.  NOT.  At the last minute Aleena came in and said the CD wouldn't work so we needed to choose 5 songs from the outdated list of 80 some odd songs they provide.The photographer did a good job but I have a lot of personality and she just didn't let me display it.  To me...the quality of our pics was great but they were the same old boring wedding poses you always see.  Also, be prepared to spend about $1000 more when you go pick your photos out.  The DVD with your photos is $1499 by itself and without that you have no rights to your pics.  Good luck!  They got us.That place is a factory so be on time and hurry up and get your stuff out of your dressing froom.  I would recomment this place just make sure you know what you want, have a budget and stick to it.  Also, be prepared to walk.  THE chapel is all the way in the back of the Mandalay Bay Hotel.  The property is HUGE.  We chose to have our reception dinner at BB King's Blues Club in the Mirage.  Check out my review!!
5	Got married here in 2009. It was perfect then.I was in town for a weekend vacation with some friends recently, and I remembered the Dr. Wife had accidentally broken one of our champagne glasses last year during a rather energetic anniversary dinner. (Insert your imagination)When I stopped in, I gave the clerk a mundane G version of our loss, she gave me two glasses for free, no charge. This place gets 5 stars for life.
5	We just had our wedding in the Silver Chapel this past weekend and it went perfectly. Our wedding planner kept in touch and told us everything we needed to complete prior to our arrival in Vegas.  We paid $60 for the pianist to play 15 minutes as our 40 guests were being seated and I had multiple people comment on how wonderful the music was. The spring mix of flowers were also beautiful and a medium bouquet was the perfect size. The pictures turned out great, we had so many to choose from, and the photographer was excellent. I wish purchasing extra photos, other than the 20 included, was not so expensive. The extra 2- 8x10's were $105 after shipping and tax, but I understand photographers are always pricey.The Opal Shores package was perfect for us and I love that it included 20-4x6's, 6-5x7's and a DVD of the ceremony. For the reception we used a Media Suite in Mandalay and ordered our food from an outside vendor, Masterpice Cuisine. We ordered food for 35 people and had leftovers, and the food was delicious!Much cheaper and more fun than a 300 person wedding in the Midwest. It was a wonderful day for us!
5	Could not have been more happy with the outcome of my wedding! We had it here on 4/4/14. Our rep was Jourdan Bedrock and she was AMAZING to work with. We did most of our communication by email and phone calls. They made everything so perfect. If you have a wedding in Vegas, have it here!
5	July 5th, 2013 was when my wedding was held outside at Mandalay Bay. It took me less than 5 months to plan and save for the wedding. It was everything I could have asked for my wedding coordinator was prompt in answering my questions through email and there was barely any details that we didn't even go over. I live in Indiana, so for me to not be present in physical form was pretty iffy. But my sister lives out in the area so it was easy for me to reference from her and trust her judgment. I changed my venue last minute, so to plan a wedding in less than 5 months was kind of crazy. The decorations, flowers, and colors just all came together so perfectly. The photographer did a super job. Of course, they have to had done 100's of weddings so their skill should just be flawless. I loved every moment of it and being stress free of having to actually physically decorate. Destination weddings are the way to go.
5	Had a small wedding July 5th. Our wedding coordinator Arriel was amazing!  Friends and family commented it was the best wedding they have been too.
3	We had our wedding here on 10-12-14. Overall, this was the best day of our lives. We had a separate reception package with Ri Ra Irish Pub which I cannot recommend highly enough. We had SO MUCH FUN at Ri Ra and the staff is very competent and accommodating. They even made suggestions on how we could save money here and there. We chose The Wedding Chapel because it was convenient. The services at The Wedding Chapel are overpriced for the quality provided. Our original wedding planner was replaced with a new wedding planner about a month before our wedding. Communication with her was spotty and she seemed to be out of the office a lot. We didn't really feel comfortable with her and at times we felt like we were inconveniencing her. They day of our wedding felt rushed and a couple of our prearranged requests were not met. I was not impressed with photography but I was expecting that. We hired our own photographer who patiently waited for us outside The Wedding Chapel. The wedding packages are overpriced and include strange things we just didn't need like champagne flutes that say "The Wedding Chapel" and a cheap garter. I think these items are used to drive up the cost.. Anywho, if this chapel had not been so convenient for ourselves and our guests we would have went somewhere else. On a brighter note, the minister provided to us was perfect and we still had an awesome day after the ceremony that we will remember forever.
