5	When I began my search for the perfect home brewing kit I checked countless websites and message boards on what to get and how much money to spend on the ideal home brewing kit.  After a month or so of research I had a pretty good idea of what to get in order to make the perfect batch of sh*t face sauce.  When I got there I realized all my careful weeks of research and  planning had been in vein.  The dude that was there, who I think was the owner, was more than helpful on explaining every bit of the home brewing process along with some of the science behind it.  He informed me that a lot of the things being sold in some of the home brewing kit were unnecessary, which in the end saved me money.So I've been successfully home brewing and even when I ran into a little stuck fermentation problem I walked into Vegas Home brew and quickly got an answer and some yeast activator on the house to fix my problem.  They have a great supply of grains and extracts as well as a full refrigerator of different yeasts.  I plan on going back any day now to start another batch of brew. I encourage every body to visit Vegas Homebrew and start brewing their own beer.  Not only is it fun, it will get ya drunk.
5	I know a lot of beer drinkers out there that have never considered brewing their own beer.  I guess it isn't a hobby for everyone, but I have recently discovered the awesomeness that is brewing your own beer!  Vegas Homebrew has been an incredible help to me as someone who has just brewed his first batch of beer.  The only place in town, this place is ran by two friendly fellows and experienced home brewers.  They'll talk to you all day about brewing beer, and will help you purchase only the things that you need to start. Soon, I will be a good Yelper and get some photos of this little store for you folks to see.  He's got grains, hops, extract kits for new brewers, kegs, a huge fridge full of yeasts, and tons of other equipment.  So far, I picked up a 5 gallon plastic fermenting bucket, an extract kit, and a few odds and ends like sanitizer and extra airlocks. The total bill for my equipment and ingredients for my first batch was well under $90.  I encourage everyone who is into good beer to look into homebrewing, and if you do, start out at Vegas Homebrew.  Brewing beer is fun, and it really isn't hard at all.  I can't wait to try my first batch of IPA!
5	I just got into home brewing, and I've been to the only two stores in town. Vegas homebrew is the store to go to. Steve was very helpful and informative, he knows his beer. He has very good prices, and will set you up to make any beer you like.
5	Holy god does this guy know his stuff...We went in for a few supplies to brew our own beer for the first time ever and was amazed at the supplies and knowledge we got. The owner is a real down to earth dude that knows his stuff. He is the authority in town on how to,when to and what to do.Once our first batch is done fermenting and such, we'll go back and try different hops varieties and yeast strains!Such a cool place, support your local stores!
5	This place is awesome.Why:Steve the owner, one man band, gave complete attention to myself and whoever he was talking to on the phone. I had asked somewhere like a billion plus one questions and Steve happily answered everything in thorough explanation. For example  I'm sure Steve is constantly bombarded everyday by people asking "I wanna start, but I don't know what to do?" and although he probably has told the procedure more times than you've heard the word beer; never hesitate to explain to this newbie. What:There are several home brew kits available for Wine and Beer, and all the supplies you'll need are here. You can go with the simple syrup homebrew to more advance kits like a Hazelnut Brown Ale from Rogue or he has all the grains, malts, hops and etc you'll need to make your own or imitate your favorite. The prices are really fair, compared to the internet prices, it was only a mere few dollars in difference. SHOP LOCAL!
5	This shop is an amazing resource and you can't discuss it without mentioning it's proprietor. Steve is encyclopedic in his knowledge of all things brewing related and is absurdly helpful. Between his ownership of the place and the worth of his expertise he could be a world class asshole and still get regular business, and yet he is one of the nicest hardest working guys you'll find anywhere, and super helpful. He kinda stepped up my brewing when he suggested I move from kits to working with clone beers which is actually a great intermediate step when you think about it.Another odd trick is that somehow despite being a fairly small retail space everything you need is here. If you required kingsfoil for a mythical beer you were brewing in fairyland he would likely have it drying in the back. I'd shop here if it were overpriced just to pick the proprietor's brain, but it's actually really solid prices. Plus no shipping fees. There's nowhere else that need be mentioned.Fair warning: It can get really busy in here and there's only one dude working, so if you want a fair amount of assistance with something go mid-day during the week. Also not open Mondays.Go for the reasonably priced equipment; keep going for the expert advice when you screw something up.
5	Knowledgeable and friendly employees made my first brewing experience an outstanding one.  When the first beer was done, we only wanted to make more!  They we very open to beginners and answered all of our questions...even when we called up while brewing at home!  My wife even commented on how helpful and welcoming they were.  Highly recommend home brewing and this store in particular.
5	Friendly and knowledgeable help. Wish this place was closer to us.
5	This place is great. Like all the other reviews you must mention Steve. Honest, nice, approachable, and incredibly helpful. I used to buy a lot of my stuff online thinking I was getting a better deal (some cases it was true). However in reality I started doing a comparison. With shipping costs (we can't get everything off of Amazon), wait time, quality, and the ease of accessibility. You're actually better off going here. The cost is comparable if not better here. ALSO did I mention Steve and his RAD factor!?! Seriously, you're supporting a local business which, if you live here you know how important that is AND you get the benefit of objective knowledge and information about cool beer and wine events. This is a great resource for a guy who is passionate about what he does and he deserves our support.Also I want to note, the selection of inventory is very decent as well. His inventory is always changing and fresh. Nothing seems to sit on the shelves for too long. Steve has never tried to up sell me on anything and always provides me with insightful options to improve my beer.
5	We went here armed only with knowledge of a one time home brew done with a Mr.Beer kit. The shop is small, at the very end of a strip mall. We entered and was immediately greeted by the owner. We had tons of questions and he answered them in detail and was incredibly knowledgeable. We purchased a starter home brewing kit and he actually had a list he made himself of steps to home brewing and gave us his name and number in case we had any questions about the process. He was also incredibly cheerful. It's nice to run into great customer service and expertise in one place.
5	Vegas Homebrew is the best homebrew store in town. It's great when the owner is as passionate and knowledgable about brewing as the customers. You don't get that at the other shops in town...
5	I had ordered  a winemaking kit with all the equipment online, but am so glad I found Steve's shop for questions, advice and an easy go-to location for my other needs for follow up winemaking.  He's knowledgeable, very helpful and simply gives the info vs. pushing specific products.  His prices are very reasonable (online appears cheaper, but that's before shipping, handling, etc.) and he's a great resource.  I just did a batch of beer also and Steve is a great guy to have on your side when tinkering.  Nothing better than to have passionate people at your disposal when involved in a hobby.  Support Steve's store, you'll be glad you did.
5	Not only is this a great store with fair prices the owner is a really great person. We've just started home brewing and needed a few odds and ends so I popped in with my toddler. I can't explain enough how knowledgable, fair and straight forward Steve is. Not only was he all those things but he put a tv show on for my daughter and was patient as I called my husband to specify what things he wanted to chose. Knowing I couldn't carry two boxes and safely get my daughter to the car, he said," I'm going to help you out"This rarely happens. He's earned our business for as long as he's around. I've not had that much fun running an errand ever. Visit his great store, he deserves your business.
4	Be sure to ask questions! This one man band is not hesitant about sharing his knowlege. Steve a great and and a pleasure to do business with. He offers home wine and beer making kits of all sorts. I would give him a five for the experience I recieve if I had another similar store to compare his too. At the absolute very least, you will not be disappointed in the slightest.
5	I don't know much about home brewing anything! Thankfully the guy that runs this place does. He's VERY informative, friendly eager to help with whatever your project is.We stopped in to get supplies to build a jockey box for the upcoming tailgate season. Never built one before and he was able to walk us through everything. CO2 tanks, taps, hoses, washers, nuts, bolts, valves and anything and everything else associated with it. I'd would refer anyone interested in home brewing beer or wine here for sure. If you already have a keg or are in need of beer supplies, this is a great place too!
