4	I'm not familiar with Tj Maxx... but it's like a Marshall's! They have some pretty high end stuff too, like Lucky Jeans and Juicy sunglasses. Anyway, I picked up a really cute Michael Kors tank and a cashmere sweater! If you're willing to take the time to sift through the stuff here, I'm sure you'd find lots of awesome things. It's sort of like a treasure hunt where you are always guaranteed something good! And what's awesome is there seems to be a larger selection for the smaller sizes. . .which is obviously good for me :P
3	Very hit-or-miss, like most discount stores, but with some patience and a keen eye, you're bound to find something cute eventually.  This T.J. Maxx doesn't seem to carry as many high-end brands as others I've been to, but they still have some good stuff.  I'd definitely recommend this store to someone shopping on a budget!
5	Probably my fav place to shop in Champaign. I've gotten a lot of awesome pieces for my apt there, including bath and kitchen stuff. The clothes can be hit or miss but when you find something, it's usually pretty awesome. This is a pretty great spot to spent a rainy afternoon if you've got the time!
3	What a huge home department. I was surprised based on the size of the store, how much was devoted to home. The men's department is SORELY lacking. Need more higher end items. Hard to find the departments you needed- they could improve layout and signage. Never did see the men's shoe department. Good selection of activewear for women. Improvements needed in the top department- I was looking for more casual items. A better selection of toys than some other stores. A better selection of books that other stores.
5	Very good price for some designer brand. Esp like their underwear section
3	Store review:At least they have a TJ maxx in Champaign. Although it is not well stocked compared to other locations up north and they don't seem to have as much on yellow tag discount you can still find name brand items for cheaper than Macy. Maybe there will be better sales later on. The store itself is a bit cramped and the aisles very small. You have your selection of clothes, home good, and and same electronic accessories. I wish they would expand on that selection more. If you have time to search for deals than this is a place to come to.Pros: discount name brand itemsCons: smaller inventory, not many items of yellow tag saleHidden deals:Search high and low for red and yellow tag items
