4	These stores just opened in the area and are owned by the giant Tesco chain from England.  As soon as I heard they were opened, I had to investigate, because they seem similar to my other favorite store - Trader Joe's.The store is not very large.  About half of the products they sell seem to be their own brand and they have quite a lot of prepared foods, but the prices are reasonable.None of their meals use artificial ingredients or flavors and things appeared fresh.  I was very happy with the Wild Mushroom Soup and gelato I had for lunch.  Their wine selection was boring, but they had some great cheese and produce.  I think this will become a regular stop for me.
4	This store has become my morning power walk destination ...i felt it was a trader joes with expanded aisleways  ( my main beef with trader joe's ) i like the meat and cheese selection...the prices...hmmm...jury is still out on that one...comparable to trader joe's...the specials probably give f&e the upper hand over trader joes...  it's a welcome addition to my neighborhood
3	i like fresh and easy.  I guess its kinda a more generic version of trader joes, which is better, but F&E is better than most places and since its right across the street from me ill give it 3 stars.Never eat the sushi though!  BLECH!!
4	Everone has pretty much nailed it on the head, it's a Trader Joe's wannabe store somewhat small with organic/good for you foods and store brand items, its reasonably priced (because NO CASHIERS) .Tthey have the BEST Cupcakes, always have a  sample booth running to try anything you want in the store and the best part is its ALL self check, you can of course get someone to assist you with NO problem. And its not that awful self-check like @Smiths or Wal-Mart, everything scans perfectly without flaw and the conveyors are nice & clean and always plenty of bags. They have great sales and they will give you a 20-30% off coupon of $20-$30 purchases.. They have a limited variety of stuff but they definitely have quality.
4	I'll be there as long as they keep giving those coupons out ($6 off when you spend $30). I can't say I can get everything I want from FnE...low fat string cheese for example but the quality of meats are better here than Smith's as is most of the produce.
4	I love Fresh & Easy. It's easy to find what you're looking for (no produce aisle mazes or soda can sculptures.) Of course, the food is fresh--you're not going to find expired food on the shelves here.My favorite things to buy are the microwave steamer meals. They're located across from the entrance and there is a HUGE variety of meals to go. Most of them are about $3 or $4 and are pretty generous portions. Today, I bought cheese tortellini, a bean burrito, vegetable spring rolls, veggie samosas, mac and cheese and a fruit salad--all for under $20! It sure beats buying frozen meals at other grocery stores!The only downside is that the grocery selection is pretty small (like the store.) I couldn't find chocolate soy milk, although they do carry plain. It's still a great place to buy fresh food at great prices!
5	It's been so long since we actually looked forward to going to the grocery store... If you had told me 2 years ago that I'd shop anywhere but a warehouse of online I'd would not have believed it.It's fun to get a sample, find everything fast, talk to helpful staff and go through the speediest checkout ever.
4	I love me some Fresh & Easy. After moving from Henderson to the Spring Valley area, I have made this one of my favorite stops. As the other reviewers have mentioned, F&E is filled with tons of fresh produce, dairy, and bakery items, plus a small selection of the things you would normally get at any other grocery store. F&E may only have 2 or 3 varieties of any given product (and one is almost always the F&E store brand), but it is enough to get a quick shopping trip accomplished. Additionally, I have found that many of their store brand items are delicious (peanut butter and chocolate granola bars...yummy!). They also have a decent selection of veggie food, whether it is some meat alternatives to soy & coconut ice cream. My wife and I are big fans of the cupcakes as well...the carrot cake one is freaking incredible. The staff at this F&E are very helpful and pretty nice. Its not the best staff I've experienced at an F&E here in Vegas, but it is pretty good. During my weekly grocery shopping ritual, there are times when I will come here to get something that other stores do not have...I think that is pretty good indication of how awesome this place is.
5	What can I say? I love Fresh & Easy!As an Australian living in Vegas I was thrilled when I was able to purchase English back bacon here (although I miss their large packages of this that were discontinued) and Heinz Baked Beans (completely different to American baked beans and something you'd miss if you grew up with them).Fresh and Easy is basically the American wing of the British "Tesco" supermarket. The fresh produce section is well stocked, well priced and of great quality and there's all sorts of interesting cakes, drinks and useful stuff (pre-made pizza dough!) all at prices better than places like Albertsons and Smiths and in a much more pleasant environment.If Fresh and Easy has a weakness it's the pre-made foods section as some of these can be a bit tasteless and the bread from the bakery tends to be a bit chewy and dense (rather than pleasantly crusty). Even with these shortcomings, I can't give this place any fewer than five stars as is provides me with things I can't get anywhere else, great prices and an enjoyable shopping experience.Oh and I completely disagree with the idea that this is a "Trader Joe's Wannabe" - Apples and Oranges people. This is nothing like Trader Joe's except that both are good value for what you get.Finally - keep your eye out for the regular "$5 off" coupons sent out through the mail - these can make for some great savings and if you somehow manage to get a stack of them you can use as many as you like provided you've spent the required amount.
4	It's hard to remember life before Fresh & Easy.... oh yeah, it was less of both. I love the .99 cent produce. I can always count on finding fresh apples, tomatoes, lemons and limes and other weekly specials. I love when they run the deals on their strawberries, they're among the best I've tasted. Cheese selection is great and I like F & E egg whites. I appreciate the variety of healthier chip options, it was the only place I could find pop-chips for some time. It's also where I stock up on water. I take advantage of 2/$5 sales. Great selection of oils and vinegars, wonderful if you make your own dressings like I do. I also enjoy the F & E heat & serve bread, spices and gelatos. Yum. Then, there are the coupons. I save anywhere from $3 to $10 off each grocery order. Gotta love it.
4	I love their ready to heat meals. I stop here almost every night for the next day's lunch.They don't all the vegetables that I need or the cheeses, or even the fruits. Well it's Fresh & Easy, so therefore they only get whatever in season and locally grown.
4	Love this Fresh and Easy. The staff and the close location to my apt keeps me coming back again and again. Every time I come in I am greeted by one of the friendly staff members and asked if I need help (though they all know I know exactly where everything is LOL.) I stop in for the conveniently located coconut water after a long night of intoxication or the occasionally quick snack before I hit my favorite nail-shop. From the healthy pre-prepared meals to the large selection of frozen fruits and veggies priced under $3 you can't go wrong with fresh and easy for all your grocery needs. My only qualm with them is anything that is prepared needs some doctoring up: a little seasoning salt, maybe some cheese or Cayene pepper. But honestly its so worth it!
5	Do ppl in Vegas shop at F&E? Apparently NOT! So we pretty much had the whole parking lot and store to ourselves! Yay.Being that all 3 of us are on this new fitness lifestyle change...we had to buy all of our "goodies" to bring back to the hotel to cook our meals. This F&E was fully stocked, obviously, and of course there weren't too many people in any of the checkout lines.It's located in a shopping center that's very easy to find and it's literally about 5-10 min tops from the Strip.
4	Decided to stop by this particular F&E on my way back from running errands... I just got into F&E recently, and I'm totally loving it! The only thing I really have to ding them on is that the inside spaces of the couple of F&E stores are usually small so it's easy to almost run into people all of the time in the small aisle spaces. It is a little bit bigger than the one on E Tropicana, though.It's nice to find great deals on good quality items and I love the variety of prepared foods at a good price, which I'm really surprised about. I've tried going to Whole Foods before and I find that they grossly overprice everything, so for someone on a college student budget like myself, F&E totally suffices. And they seem to sell foods that are always fresh (something that all markets don't really keep up with).I will definitely be making a lot more trips to F&E stores in the future! Hurry up and open a closer one to UNLV! ;)
4	I come here often. Usually just when I need one or two quick items or to stock up on hummus or cookies for pot luck or something. The selection is never great. Fresh & Easy's are all about convenience, so they have fewer options. Works for me when I'm in a hurry. The service is ok and they always have someone cooking up samples in the back to taste. It's organized and clean. That's what I'm looking for in a convenient shopping experience.
3	My first time at fresh and easy and I thought this store was kinda small. There was hardly anyone there which was kinda nice because I hate standing in long lines. There wasn't much of a variety of food but they had some different things there compared to other grocery stores that I have been to. So I just tried a few different things. The employee there didn't seem very customer friendly.  I asked him a question and answered it but kept doing what he was doing. He didn't seem like he wanted to help me.I'd come back to this place only if I was visiting another store that was in the same parking lot.
3	It's Fresh and Easy so as far as yummy and interesting food choices go, they rock. The problem with this one is that it is small and the parking lot is a pain to get into depending on which way you're coming from. Also one of the employee's Ken, doesn't seem very friendly or helpful. - at least compared to other F&E employees I've encountered at other stores.
3	This would have been a five star review, had the male employee not been such a douche to us and a separate party of elderly women. Grabbed a ton of food after getting horrible service at our hotel so we wouldn't have to give Palms Place another cent. Everything was fine until we checked out.  As we're scanning our things, the elderly woman next to us scanned her coupon and put it in the slot. However, it didn't take $5 off her bill. So she called the employee over and told him. He shrugged and said there was nothing he could do and she didn't get any money off if she didn't scan it right. Only after she told him to cancel her entire order did he "remember" that he could open the coupon receptacle and retrieve her coupon!Then my mom tried to buy a pair of kids headphones that were on sale for $4 instead of $8. My mom happened to grab the one pair that wasn't stickered with the new price. She asked the employee to remove the higher priced headphones from the bill so she could scan in the cheaper ones. The employee grabbed the headphones, scanned the cheaper ones and said "there ya go", as if we were just too dumb to scan something. My mom had to argue with him to take off the other headphones we weren't buying. This guy had a very poor attitude and acted as if everyone was bothering him. Then he tried to say there was nothing he could do for anyone. Why the hell was he even being paid?
4	Compare to other fresh and easy this one lacks certain food. this one is smaller than other fresh and easy.Great way to find cheap healty clean food...Love the premade food.
5	I normally would not write a review for a grocery store but since they are losing some locations and I do not know what I would do without this location, I decided they needed more traffic to the store.Mind you, this is not where I do ALL of my grocery shopping, but I still drop in at least once a week and wuld be devasted if it closed.I come here primarily for the prepared food section. They have containers with a wide selection of prepared food ready to go. Asian options include lettuce wraps, tofu and checken curry, beef broccoli. They also have Mexican food, enchiladas, burritos, etc. They have Italian with different types of pasta. They range between 4-8 dollars and really you can't go wrong with any selection.They have a wide selection of rice and beans, soups, dressing, etc. And evrything is reasonably priced. They also have a great selection of affordable wines. Now, I am no oenophile, but I am pretty impressed with their selection of wines. They have wine from South Africa, Argentina, Spain, and some domestic ones as well. You can find a bottle for five dollars! I also drop by frequently to purchase fresh flowers. They have some really nice arrangements and they usually cost between 5-10 dollars for a wjole bunch.
5	I recently just started shopping here more... Can we say clearance aisle?!! I love it. I stock up on all these sale items and just throw it all in my freezer! Easy dinners when I'm feeling lazy to cook from scratch! They also have this FANTASTIC AHI POKE! Must try! They registers are all self check out and sometimes employees are are to find in the store,but they are always around somewhere.
5	If you don't have time for cooking, and you feel you need a great tasting, healthy, and ready to heat option, this is your choice. I wouldn't say i buy all my groceries here, but i wouldn't mind if it was the only grocery in town. The store is very clean and has that fresh feel everywhere. I personally like the prepared foods, they have a great selection, mexican, asian, american, italian, you name it. And not only its very fresh, tasty and ready ti heat, it's very affordable. This store saves my life whenever my wife is not in town and i need food ready and done. Fresh n easy can't fail.
5	My favorite local grocery store. I just wish they  label GMOs. But I am very OK with everythings else. AND the employees are so sweet
5	Been to this one several times.  Now with the recent changes to a different company,  this location is open 24 hrs.  Never had a problem with the staff or the food.  The meals to go have always been good and the selection is great.  I would recommend this store.  I like the sandwiches in the coolers but make sure to go in the morning as they go quick.
4	Love the prepared meals [ready to cook] and this location open 24 hrs! Close to home? Fresh, tasty food anyime I want? Yes, please!
1	It's interesting to know that if your money is not accepted by their checkout machines they will not personally accept it at all if the bill should fail to work.  Idiots.  Left a cart full of groceries at the check out as I walked out. Lost a customer and a sale.
4	Nice place to shop for fresh produce and good food. One catch though you have to be your own cashier and bagger, then the light flashes when there is an error with the system, and you have to ask the attendant for help. You can sign up for their Fresh and Easy Card there, for extra discounts. Their new store will be opening on Fort Apache soon too !
