2	I went here this June after a shoulder injury because it was right down the street from my primary doctor. I was happy/lucky that I was able to get a same day appointment and the office staff was helpful.However, it all went down hill when I got to see the doctor. I was amazed I didn't have to wait long, but I soon realized why. After xrays, the doctor asked me to raise my arm, I did and stopped when it hurt. He nodded his head, turned to an intern and said, "impingement syndrome." He didn't even look at my shoulder to see that it was swollen or manipulate it to test my strength and range of motion. He decided to give me a cortisone shot.The intern prepped me, tried to help me calm down, and the doctor gave the shot. After that, the doctor gave me a brochure on impingement syndrome and prescribed me a medicine that my insurance didn't cover. He didn't even fill in the blanks on the brochure to indicate which exercises I should do or for how long. The shot helped for a couple of days but I couldn't get the prescription because it cost $300. I called his office four  times that week asking for a generic prescription, but they never returned my call. Finally, I gave up and went to another doctor.
5	I had a fabulous experience both with this physician and with his staff.  He was very knowledgeable and took the time to answer my questions and ease my nervousnous.  I highly recommend him!
5	Dr. Yee did both my right and left total hip replacements, one year after another. He also did a laparoscopic surgery on my left knee. He is by far the best orthopedic surgeon I have ever been to. He is very knowledgeable and is also very friendly. His staff is awesome and his assistant, Joy, is amazing. I am back doing my regular activities and working out at the gym. I would recommend Dr. Yee to anyone searching for a good orthepedic surgeon.
5	Looking for a great doctor to tend to your shoulder or knee? Look no further. Dr. Randall Yee is the best. He did my TKR and it was as perfect as can be--no complications whatsoever. He also has an excellent staff--all are congenial and take time to answer questions.
1	I have read the reviews and am in agreement with most of them.  I have been having knee pain for a couple of years.  Dr. Yee was recommended by my primary care doctor.   I was put in a room by Joy (very friendly).  Xrays were taken.  Dr. Yee walks in and said I needed a knee replacement.  He did NOT examine my knee.  He said I could have an injection and then walked out.  His physician assistant Brittany walked in.  She looked at my knee but did not do any range of motion, did not ask me to walk.  No type of exam.  She said it was swollen.  The assistant then moved me into another room for the injection.  Brittany then placed the ultrasound wand on my knee without any conducting gel, then took off the wand and injected my knee.  I told her that I have stage 3 chronic kidney disease but she still gave me a prescription for voltarin gel (no nsaids like motrin should be given for people with chronic kidney disease).  She told me to come back in 4-6 weeks for another injection.  I said to her-i thought I needed a knee replacement and she said we will see when you come back in.I am a nurse.  Have been for 25 years.  I have never been to a visit like this.  I got no explanation as to what type of knee replacement was to be done, what type of artificial joint was gonna be used, etc.  Worst of all, I got charged for an ultrasound for $379, office visit of $316, an echo guide for needle injection $376, large joint injection $220, an xray $89 and injected medication $35.  All total I spent $1418 for a 6-7 minute visit.  I called my insurance company and told them not to pay for part of the visit.  I would pay fo the medication and the xray because i  did have those.  My insurance company is currently investigating. I am sure Dr. Yee is an excellent, qualified surgeon but the office visit was terrible.   I truly felt like I was just another number.  I am currently looking for another doctor.  SOMEONE who TALKS to their patients.  And for the amount of money that was spent, I would have expected the doctor to at least explain something to me.I feel lucky because I have a medical background.  I feel very sorry for a person that goes for a visit because you will not get an explanation as to what your problem is.The crazy part - I got a copy of the visit and it was 2 pages long.  This is a lie because of the above stuff I mentioned above.  They must have copied info from someone else because it certainly was not my exam - because I never got one.
