5	I've been a client of Misty's for over a decade.  I first started Pilates with her at a large gym, and followed her around to various little studios over the years.  Now, Misty has two beautiful, fully-equipped and spacious studios of her own!  Misty's workouts focus on both the areas that I want to improve (usually in terms of my physique) as well as areas that I should strengthen for good posture and proper alignment.  She is not only a master at reaching all levels of students, but she also knows her anatomy and goes out of her way to explain, every step of the way, the biomechanics behind Pilates. I've learned so much from her over the years, and she's done a wonderful job keeping me fit, safe, and healthy all these years.  I can't say enough about the quality of service she has given me over the years--the same quality she affords to every client (whether beginner or advanced) that walks through her studio door. Misty is truly a master in Pilates, and is certainly the area's best instructor. If you're serious about Pilates or merely curious about giving it a go, she's the teacher you want.
5	Misty and co. are still kicking my butt! I love the new Barre classes and Misty's constant evolution as an instructor. I visit often from the west coast, and notice that she is always on the cutting edge of the practice, incorporating new "toys", techniques, and tricks to ensure that every class is working the whole body.The new Shadyside studio is awesome, with tons of brand new equipment and a huge, bright studio space! This is still the best Pilates studio anywhere--including California. Sorry Ellie Herman.
5	Have been a client for about 2 years now and I can't say enough great things about Dragonfly Pilates.  Classes no matter which one you take, are always fun and great work outs.  My favorite, Barre class,  is one of the best overall workouts.    Misty is fantastic and and my favorite instructor ever!  She is always watching for correct form and offers encouraging words to novice and experienced Clients alike.  I have been to both studios and they are bright, clean and equipment is top notch.No better Pilates studio anywhere in PA.
