5	Just like the Scottsdale location, Phoenix Pure Barre offers up a great schedule with classes 7 days a week, a well lit, airy environment, and kick ass instructors who do just that... kick your ass!I absolutely love Pure Barre and really enjoy the intense workout that hits all the right spots (thighs, bum, muffin top, and jiggly arms). I feel more burn in that hour than I can get all week going to the gym.This location also has a really awesome retail area with shirts, hats, PB balls, hats, socks, and other merch.My favorite, though, it the cute "Pure Potty" (the bathroom). These sisters are super cute  :-)
5	Finally - a great barre class in Phoenix!  The location at 42nd and Indian School is on my drive home from work, and they have a 5:45 class that fits really well into my schedule.The workout is pretty intense and makes your muscles burn and shake like no exercise class a normal gym would offer.  Legs, arms, seat and abs all get a good amount of attention, and after a dozen or so classes, you'll definitely feel a change in your body for the positive!  I've taken classes with Christa and Melanie, and they're both really upbeat and friendly while providing a challenging workout.I've also taken classes at Karve, and I would say that the biggest difference in the two studios is tempo.  The Pure Barre workout is a little faster, makes you sweat a little more and incorporates energizing music, while Karve has more stretching and soothing music.  Both are great workouts and similarly priced (see below), but for now I'm sticking with Pure Barre for its location.Pricing is $100 for the first month, but subsequent months are around $175 for unlimited classes.  You can also buy packages of classes for around $20/class, which, while expensive, may be the better bet if you don't go more than twice a week.  It's annoying to have to pay so much, but it seems to be a niche industry-wide phenomenon, so I won't hold it specifically against Pure Barre.
5	I made a deal with myself that I would wait at least ten classes (the amount before results are said to be seen) before I reviewed. I've only been to nine but screw it because in the nine, my body has definitely seen a change. My ass is way perkier, my arms a little toner, and my tummy much flatter than what it was. I have never seen quicker results.I used to believe I was in shape. I run 2-3 times a week really long distances and went regularly enough to the gym. After Pure Barre, not so much. I still remember the ass cramp I had after my first class (lasted for days). I have never had a harder work out in my life. Apart from the fact I am made increasingly aware of my lack of flexiblity, every muscle in me shakes, quivers, and burns every class. I often feel like the special needs kid in the back of the class struggling but the only true failure in this workout is not trying. And the instructors are very patient and helpful so even if you are having trouble, you won't feel like a total 'tard the entire way through. (Thanks Christa, Karli, & Veronica) I've made it an entire month through and am now making a commitment to keep doing Pure Barre for a full year just to see what happens to my body in addition to my running. I'm super excited to have found Pure Barre.Lift. Tone. Burn.
5	I admit...I have workout ADHD.  At any given time, I'm a member of 3-4 gyms/studios in an effort to keep my routine varied enough to keep it fun.  But one thing never changes- I'm always at Pure Barre.  I love it because of the small class size.  It's challenging for whatever level you want to be challenged on that particular day.  I'm stronger, but in a good, feminine way.   If all you did was this 1 hour a day, you would see results.  And the instructors make it fun to keep pushing yourself.  Veronica, Christa and Sarah are my favs :)
5	If I had to describe my "workout personality", I'd say that I am someone who enjoys working out on my own. I think of exercise as my alone time where I can clear my head. Therefore, I have been completely blown away by Pure Barre. This place has turned me into a total devotee, and for the first time ever, I have truly become addicted to an actual workout class! About a year ago, my world turned upside down when I suddenly found myself crippled by an overuse/muscle imbalance injury. Both of my knees were completely shot, and I could barely walk from one room to the next without buckling over in excruciating pain. At the ripe old age of 26, I was saddened by my lack of mobility. I've been extremely active all my life, and putting my usual running and weight lifting routine on hold really upset me. While I was prescribed a lengthy course of physical therapy, it just wasn't enough. I needed something to get my heart rate up and keep me from going crazy. My physical therapist suggested I try yoga or Pilates. I checked out a couple of different studios in the valley but I dreaded going to class. I want to sweat, and sweat hard when I exercise. Therefore, yoga and Pilates just didn't suit me. Still desperate to find something that I could at least tolerate, I started looking into barre classes.Before my first Pure Barre class, I went to the two other barre-type studios in the valley. And while those two other studios got me excited about barre-type workouts, I wasn't a fan of the actual studio environments. I felt uncomfortable and awkward going to class, and for me, I need to feel comfortable or else I will avoid the class like the plague! On my third attempt to find a barre studio, I went to check out Pure Barre. I guess that old saying really does hold true, the third time is most definitely the charm! I fell in love with Pure Barre instantly. I enjoy Pure Barre so much because it's a workout that actually works. I saw results, felt better and stood taller after my first 10-15 classes. The strengthening and lengthening changed my knees for the better and accelerated my recovery. Plus, the music is fantastic and super motivating. But the main reason why I adore this studio is because the instructors are unbelievably awesome, and they actually make me feel like more than just a face in class. I love the personalized attention and how they correct my form without having to call out my name and single me out in front of the entire class (other studios did that and it drove me nuts). Instead, the Pure Barre instructors just quietly walk around the room and gently correct everyone's form. This makes the setting so much more comfortable and relaxing. It allows me to zone out and really focus on the movements. And, I couldn't even pick a favorite instructor if I tried. All of them rock! The owners (and sisters), Veronica & Marirose, are also extremely welcoming and incredibly sweet. It is very clear that they know and care about all of their clients.The fact that this studio turned someone like me (who avoids group workout classes AND has bad knees) into a regular attendee, exemplifies the power and effectiveness of the Pure Barre method. It's a high-intensity workout that gets results and is gentle on my knees. I couldn't ask for more!  It's now been about a year since my first Pure Barre class, and it just keeps getting better and better. My advice? Stop thinking about it and give Pure Barre a try!
5	I can thank Details magazine for getting me hooked on barre. It was an article about men doing women's workout for a leaner look.I was loyal to my gym for years but wanted to do something different. I am a strict vegetarian and I will never have bulky muscles. Being lean and toned is the way to go. I have done Bar Method in Los Angeles and San Francisco and started doing Pure Barre when I was stuck in Orange County. As with any barre class, I am always the only male. I definitely feel that I have invaded a secret woman's world. It is okay. I am there to work and I keep my head down and focus on getting leaner and stronger.Pure Barre Phoenix is the best I have been to. All of the instructors are great and the movements and techniques are constantly changing to keep you from hitting the wall. The instructors get you going and make you do things you never imagined you could do. I am addicted and a believer.
5	I am completely addicted.  I have always struggled with exercise, forcing myself to do it and kind of always hating it. I don't force myself to go to Pure Barre, but restrain myself from going twice a day! After two weeks I have already seen visible changes and feel amazing. All of the instructors are fantastic, classes are small, and the environment always feels comfortable and friendly. I can't speak highly enough about it!
5	I work out a lot-- A LOT-- and with that comes the inevitable boredom and frustration associated with a routine.  I'm always on the lookout for ways to diversify my workout lineup and last December I learned about Pure Barre and decided to give it a try.  Despite my supposed workout prowess, I really had no idea what I was doing during my first class, and it hurt like crazy, but I was instantly hooked.  It was fun! Painful, but fun! I hadn't enjoyed a workout like that in years!  So I have to echo other reviewer's assessment that Pure Barre is highly addictive.  I've been going to classes nonstop since I started.  The promised results are absolutely true, as long as you stick with it of course.  The 60 minute classes breeze by as you quickly move from working one muscle group to another.  The music is energizing and addictive, and I never find myself saying "I can't wait for this class to be over." You tap into muscles and parts of your body you didn't even know you had, and feel successful after each class.The ladies who own the studio are so inspirational and friendly and clearly care very much about their business and their clients.  All the instructors are super nice and upbeat and I always feel welcomed and wanted there.  They all make it a point to learn and remember your name, you're not just another face! I truly just enjoy being there.For your first class, make sure you bring socks but if you forget, they do sell socks with grippers on the bottom for about $10.  Wear tight-fitting pants (no shorts).  I'm a sweaty person so I usually bring a towel as well.  Because the classes are so popular, parking can get a little crazy so make sure you arrive early.  You can park on 42nd St. to avoid the cluster in the tiny parking lot.  I've recommended PB to all my friends, and those who have been brave enough to try it have become addicted too.  I love it!!
5	Thank you Morgan J. for telling me all about Pure Barre! I was reluctant at first, but after my first session, I was hooked. I work out a lot, I'm young, and I'm in good shape. Nothing can prepare you for the workout that this class is going to give you. It, literally, kicked my butt. It was painful, I was constantly shaking, but man was it worth it! The music is upbeat, all of the instructors are incredibly supportive and friendly, and they all want you to succeed. Many of them will walk around and ask you to push yourself, and soon you will find yourself pushing yourself further than you had ever thought possible!I sweat a ton, so I always bring a towel. Socks are required, and I would recommend buying the socks that Pure Barre offers, they are comfy and keep you from sliding on the floor. ALSO- They sell the CUTEST clothing in the front. Bring your $$ because you will want to buy everything!
5	I tried Pure Barre at the beginning of September because I was getting really bored at the gym and needed something extra to go along with my running.  I still remember my first class, I didn't know how I was going to get through it.  It's tough, but amazing, and the instructors help push you through!  I signed up for the new client special, kept going back, and saw a difference within four classes.  I adore it, I am hooked.  I go almost everyday.  Here I am 8 weeks later and my physique has never been so toned and my running has improved tremendously (I have taken about 45 seconds off every mile).  Every class is a challenge and I am so much more confident and know I am going to pull off my sub 2 half marathon time in December thanks to PB!ALL of the instructors are amazing but I can't say enough nice things about Veronica and Ashley.  They're the best!  I promise, you will see results with Pure Barre so give it a shot.  :)
5	Amazing workout for all ability levels, I recommend Pure Barre to all my friends and co-workers...and they all keep coming back! The Phoenix studio has an amazing group of knowledgeable instructors who help each person reach their own edge each class! If killer workouts that target all those trouble areas aren't your thing, then at a minimum come to see the newest lululemon apparel on some toned seats!
5	I have never been motivated enough to stick to ANY type of exercise routine in my entire life.  I have never belonged to a gym and never thought I'd ever get into an exercise habit.  A friend of mine from college was always talking about Pure Barre so I researched and finally gave it a shot.  I fell IN LOVE.  I can't believe I survived my first class and trust me, it was hard, but I couldn't wait to come back for more.  I am six weeks in and go 4-5 times a week and can already tell a difference - not just physically but also mentally.  This is my favorite hour of every day.  The instructors are so encouraging and truly want you to succeed in class.  I have talked it up so much a lot of friends have started it, and they have fallen in love with PB too!  It has really changed my life and I can't think of starting my mornings any other way.  Lift, Tone, Burn! :)
5	I have been going to pure barre since may 2012 & it has been an amazing journey! If you want to see changes in your body then give it a try. Prepare for becoming a pure barre junkie :) I go 7 days a week & feel like I'm missing out if I can't go. The workout is amazing & so are all the pure barre girls!
5	I am in my first month of Pure Barre and loving it.  This location is amazing, it is clean and welcoming--everyone is so friendly.  The instructors make is a point to get to know your name. They care about who is coming in the door and are interested in seeing you succeed and work hard.   I am a former crossfiter and though I love crossfit, my body was in need of something a little more gentle and sustainable.  The Pure Barre workout is fun and they change up the movements, yet it is something you can do every day.  I highly recommend checking out Pure Barre Phoenix, if you love to work hard and get results but are looking for something that is really fun--you will enjoy this workout.
5	I had been going to a couple different small fitness clubs in the past few years, one doing personal training with weights and the other doing the medicine ball routine. Both clubs went out of business and I was wondering what I was going to do. My daughter had started Pure Barre in Beverly Hills and loved it.  She called me and told me I should start because she thought that it was what I was looking for. She couldn't have been more right!  I have been going since April 2012 and I absolutely love it!Every time I walk in the door I'm greeted with a smile- I love the owners and all the teachers. It's not like every other workout, they make you comfortable with what you can and can't do.  They are excellent at describing each technique and correcting you if you don't have the right pose.  They pay special attention to you to make sure that you don't hurt yourself. In your first class you will be very confused as to what "tucking" is but by the third class you will know exactly what it is. The moves change up every so often to keep things fresh. The music is very motivating and you just lose yourself for a hour. I walk out of the class exhausted but feeling so good. You will see a difference in your body within 10 classes. It's a workout that you have to try! Trust me, you won't regret it.
4	I attended a free class and absolutely felt challenged but I loved it!  The monthly price is not in my budget today, but there is a new customer special that I will probably take advantage.My only gripe is that the music is a little more in line with the up-beat rhythm of the workout.
5	Can someone please tell me what happened to my butt?  It's missing after 5 weeks of going to Pure Barre.  I absolutely love the classes.  I feel challenged and get an amazing workout.  I have seen the changes in my body and I love hearing all the compliments I receive from friends.  I came across Pure Barre through a Living Social deal.  They offered a New Client membership for 1 month unlimited.  Great deal not to pass up.  I love the music in class and the instructors are always helpful.  I find myself doing tuck-unders when I hear club music.  Thanks Pure Barre for making some positive changes to my body!As a recommendation, sign up for classes early.  They fill up quickly.
5	Absolutely love pure barre! Owners - Veronica and Marirose are such amazing and inspiring women. Amazing results, music, instructors, boutique selection, etc. have taken class with almost every instructor and all of them are great. Have to say Veronica, Marirose and Ashley are my favs!
5	I have been a Bar Method regular for almost 3 years, and due to my travel, I have taken many other types of barre type classes (Dailey Method, Physique 57, Barre3).  They all have their own crazy motions, but there are a lot of similarities.I came here as we were in Phoenix for the weekend for my birthday.  It was great that I could just pop in for a class.The staff was very welcoming, gave me a quick tour, and I was ready to go.  I felt very comfortable here.I loved it.  The class moved quickly, the moves were challenging, and I was sweating like crazy.My only small complaint was the music was loud, and I had a hard time hearing the instructor.  Since I am a regular barre attendee, I know some of the motions.  But sometimes, I was like "say that again??".
5	Amazing!  The classes are awesome, the instructors great, and it's worth every penny!
5	I have been working out in some way, shape, or form for 20 years.  For most of that time, I've just gone to a gym and worked out on my own.  I've always had a hard time with classes because I've never liked the pressure of having to go at someone else's pace, and classes have made me somewhat self-conscious.  Also, I've usually had access to a free gym, so I haven't been able to justify paying for anything.  Several months ago, I decided that my body was no longer responding in the way that I wanted it to from my usual workouts, and I knew I needed something different.  I do not care for jumping or lifting heavy things, and I'm very sensitive to the heat, particularly during the summer in Phoenix.  So, I was looking for something that would challenge me but not require me to be outside doing box jumps and whatnot.I have a couple of friends who are Pure Barre instructors, and they encouraged me to try it, saying that it would change my body faster than anything else and that I would become "addicted."  Wow, were they right!  Actually, during my first class, I wanted to cry, scream, and vomit.  It was so incredibly challenging, I had to stop so many times, and I thought to myself "Can I really put myself through this on a regular basis?"  The answer was yes.  I'd bought a package, basically to force myself to keep trying, and, sure enough, after a few classes, I was hooked!Has it gotten easier?  Yes.  Does it still kick my ass every single time?  YES!  Although, after a while, you get familiar with most of the techniques, every class is different.  The instructors always change things up, and new techniques are often introduced.  Speaking of the instructors, they are all amazing.  They learn everyone's names so that they can personally help you through the classes.  They really make you feel comfortable, which I've never experienced before in group exercise settings.  People always say that they "love" the classes...I am going to be honest and say that I am pretty miserable during that hour that I am at the studio.  But I mean that in the best way!  I sweat profusely, and everything hurts, and I still sometimes feel like I want to cry or vomit...but I feel so fantastic when I leave!  And at least I get to hear a lot of good music and be surrounded by other motivated people while I'm there.  I would recommend Pure Barre to anyone, and I'm so happy to have discovered it!
5	I LOVE Pure Barre. Before Pure Barre I was the person that used the free gyms in complexes, or the cheap $20-30/mo gym memberships, never really liking the gym because I'm not motivated there which means no results! Enter pure barre. I first started last November for the $100/mo first time special. it was still alot from me but a girl friend from volleyball had started teaching there and was telling me about it. I tried a class and loved it. The music is awesome, the instructors are energetic, and they correct your positioning so that you get the most out of the exercise as well as protecting you from getting hurt. Amazing. What's also awesome is the structure of the class. We do a variety of positions and reps, but never too long so that you are bored, which is great. Goes by so fast. If you are a busy girl like me, you need that hour to be EFFECTIVE. And it is. I haven't been this fit for years. I'm moving to Denver in a few months, and am literally making sure wherever I move is near one of their studios, I am hooked for life.
5	I found this studio while researching gyms to go to when visiting Scottsdale for the month of January. I signed up for the "new student unlimited classes" and loved every minute. The sisters that own the studios are sweethearts and the staff is so helpful. I took most of my classes with Jasmine and Carrie. Both are terrific teachers, motivating and awesome at adjusting what is needed to reach the next level. I highly suggest you check it out!!! Thanks ladies!!:)Cherith
5	This is just an update, as I posted a long but glowing review of PB back in October.  I just want to add that, in the almost year that I've been going, PB has done more to boost my metabolism than any workout I've ever done.  There are other activities that will burn more calories in an hour, but PB keeps the burning going!  I try to go to PB 4 times a week, sometimes one more, sometimes one less...but I'm not an every day exerciser.  I eat a relatively healthy diet during the week, but, on the weekends, I pretty much eat whatever I want.  I am 33, and, for the first time in my life, I am not concerned about weight gain.  I just went on a week long beach vacation where I ate too much, drank too much, and did essentially zero exercise...but I came home feeling almost just as good as when I left!  This is a major accomplishment for me, and it is one of the reasons that I don't think I will ever stop going to PB.  If I were trying to lose weight, I know that I could by making a few changes, but, for now, it's so nice just to be able to maintain without any worries!  Also, even though it keeps my metabolism revved up, I somehow don't feel hungry every second of every day.  Usually when I'm getting a good workout, I feel like I can't get enough to eat, so this is a nice change too.  Thank you PB :)
3	I'm going to go to the opposite side of this review.  I don't like the idea of exercising on carpet where peoples sweat drips on it and then our hands,face,arms are in direct contact with it.  The carpet also has a bad smell probably because of the bacteria growing in the heated session.  It's so hot, the fans do nothing so imagine 20 girls sweating, 40 feet touching this infested carpet.  They don't even have hand sanitizer.  I sound like I'm afraid of germs and I'm not but for the cost of these classes I expect a little more or it should all be down on mats.  That little wipe they give you??? Come on
5	I just completed my first month at PB Phoenix and I am AMAZED at the changes in my body both physically and mentally.  I have always hated working out and I actually look forward to going to pure barre. I attend the early morning classes and wake up even earlier than I have to because I am so excited to go to pure barre. The girls there are SO nice and the studio is clean, chic and very welcoming. As a full time grad student and young professional it is hard to catch a break, but at pure barre I have found my personal time. Pure barre provides the mental benefits of yoga that I personally did not get from yoga. During pure barre I do not have time to think of the stress of the day- I am able to let go of my worries. I LOVE IT! It makes me so happy!!Yes- it is expensive, but you cannot put a price on the results you get from pure barre. The instructors take time to make sure that you are using correct form and maximizing your time in the class. It is almost like having a personal trainer (which would essentially be a lot more expensive). The girls are not intimidating, they are patient and   SO helpful. I researched pure barre for a long time before I decided to spend the money and do it and my only regret is not starting sooner. I would highly recommend anyone who is looking to change their body and mind to try pure barre!
5	There's so many positive things to say. When I first discovered PB online, I searched and searched for at least one bad review. I couldn't find a single one. So I decided to attend a one-time $23 class. I initially envisioned PB being pretentious and click-y, but upon walking through the front doors I quickly realized these were not characteristics of pure barre. All of the girls are so nice, knowledgable and patient, and the instructors are there to adjust and guide you. There are women of all ages in class-- not judging, but empowering each other. Since day one, PB has changed my life. After my first class I couldn't wait to go back. It's now literally the highlight of my every other day. The results I FELT were instantaneous. I wouldn't say I was overweight, but to my standards, I was not where I wanted to be-- I like feeling strong and being toned. With 3-4 classes per week, clean eating, sufficient hydration and sleep, I was able to SEE results by my 5th class. I am fully addicted and couldn't be happier. What you put in is what you get out. PURE. BARRE. WORKS!!!!! The only thing you will regret is not going sooner.
5	I LOVE this studio. I was pretty intimidated and skeptical before I went to my first class due to some experiences in yoga where i felt like I was way too inexperienced to be there. However, I could not have been more wrong! The instructors make sure they pay attention to you (whether or not you are new) and will help you with modifications and useful corrections. There's nothing worse than going to a workout class where you keep doing the wrong thing over and over and over again. This definitely doesn't happen here. They won't let you cheat yourself on anything, but if you aren't super advanced you won't feel bad or embarrassed at all. The classes are fun, the music is loud, and the instructors are awesome. It never feels like an hour. All the staff are great too, everyone knows your name and if they don't they make sure to ask. Can't say enough great things or stop recommending it to friends! The owners Veronica and Marirose are really genuine and their classes are super tough. Can't rave enough about all the instructors!
4	Had a good experience at the private barre class that my friends and I went to. Sara was our instructor and she did a fabulous job! I would definitely recommend the place to people who live close by! Just be ready for a tough leg workout!!!
