5	Such an amazing jewelry store. The staff are super friendly and eager to assist in whatever it is you are looking for. Not only do they carry jewelry from designers like Bez Ambar and Stephen Webster, they also custom make jewelry at your request. I learned that T-Bird jewels was originally opened in the Thunderbird Hotel in the 60s and that Elvis Presley was a frequent shopper. Since the King is known for his bling, you have to trust he knew what he was doing! If you're in the market for some fine jewelry and want to purchase from a well established family-owned business, this is your place!
5	The best jewelry store I have been to, the service is amazing and if your looking for the best quality you won't any better then here. The huge task of finding and creating the perfect engagement ring was made easy by their wonderful service, I plan on only using this store for all my future purchases, an absolutely amazing experience.
5	Total awesomeness from selection, to service, to staff! What an exceptional experience!
1	Initially dropped my watch off just for a new battery. It was a brand new, never worn Invicta, worth about only $200. But it was given to me by my uncle right before he passed away, so it has more sentimental value than monetary value. I just moved here to the Summerlin area not too long ago, so I figured that bringing it to the closest place that can give me a new battery would be a good idea. This place was also the location we purchased my dad's Father's Day gift and moms birthday gift from. They have nothing but Rolex, Breitling, Tacori and other high valued jewelry so one would assume they would know what they're doing. But as the phrase goes, "never judge a book by its cover"... When I first brought it in the lady at the counter said it would only take a couple of minutes, but then the repair technician said it would take about an hour because the back would not come off. So I left, called 3 hours later to make sure it was ready before I went over there, the lady who answered said it wouldn't be ready until tomorrow at the earliest, but we'll call you as soon as it's ready. No problem. So then tomorrow comes around, 2pm I just drive over there to pick up my watch whether it's done or not I intended on bringing it home with me. When I get the watch and am looking at it while the lady is ringing me up, first the wristband falls off, no big deal, easy fix, but then I notice a nice size scratch on the watch. I felt it with my finger and it's pretty deep. When I first mentioned it, the lady insisted that it was just the plastic. I inspected it and it was not the plastic. (Let alone, I own several Invicta watches and none have ever had plastic on this area.) I told her this definitely was not the plastic that was scratched. She took it back and had the technician look at it and he said it was the plastic, then with an attitude and confidently said "like I told you, it's obviously the plastic, so is it ok to take the plastic off to show you?"  I told her sure.... Minutes later she came back like a dog with its tail between its legs and said "you're going to have to leave it overnight, it's a scratch". Told me to come back tomorrow and they'll have it ready, "free of charge".  When I came back, of course they went against their word and wanted me to pay, which I did and decided it would be easier to pay the money then to have to deal with them any longer. If they can't properly service a $200 Invicta, I sure wouldn't trust them with my $7,000 Rolex I have from my grandfather. I know you can't please everybody and I'm pretty good about giving places a second chance, but it's safe to say my family will not be coming around to T. Bird Jewelers again. Hello Brandon Adams Jewelers!
5	Amazing jewelry store. We've bought and had fixed/serviced our watches, rings etc They are wonderful. Unfortunately Danielle, the lady who usually answers the phone, has poor phone manners. I won't give T Bird less stars though. She just needs to check her tone of voice!
4	Darrell and Sharon (the owners) are great.  Have become a regular and had many things repaired.  Prices are reasonable and fair for repair and also for purchases.  The staff has very little turnover and they obviously care.
3	They do good work, if you can convince them to do it.I felt a little weird when I brought an old Timex watch in (something of sentimental value to my Dad) and the man kinda frowned and said it wasn't really worth fixing. I had wanted a new watch face, battery, and a good cleaning. Sorry it's not a Rolex! They did a great job fixing up the watch and another diamond/topaz ring I brought them. I also had a diamond/platinum ring I wanted to get polished, and he also told me that it wasn't worth it. I have been wanting to sell it, and I'm not going to sell an engagement ring that is in less than perfect condition. So, now I'm going to have to take extra time to find another place that does want to do the work. I feel like I had to convince him to fix my jewelry. I don't know if the guy thought he was doing me a favor and saving me money or what.
5	I came here with my husband since he had to get a new Rolex watch.  Their selection was pretty good and the prices were reasonable.  What stood out for me was the service. We got a chance to meet and chat with Darryl - one of the owners who was very personable and genuinely friendly.  I would definitely come back here again for future purchases.
5	A DREAM COME TRUE....to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary with a new diamond ring especially one that is ABSOLUTELY gorgeous!. We have Darryl to thank for all of his advice and patience and for making this occasion as special as possible for us. Our whole experience with T-Bird Jewels was 100% awesome and we hope to bring all of our jewelry business to them for many, many years. Big purchase decisions should be made with someone, like Darryl, who has years of experience to share with his customers and does so in such a charming manner.
5	Darryl and his team at T-Bird (shout-out to Matthew)  have the highest quality jewelry in town at reasonable prices with great customer service.  T-Bird carries some of the most modern pieces and their inventory is a delight for anyone with fashion-forward taste.  We have been going to Darryl, the owner, for the last 17 years (since it opened) and have never been disappointed with its repair record, service or jewelry selection.  The place is being remodeled which reflects ownership pride and the owner's desire to continue attracting good business.  I definitely recommend this place if you are shopping for great quality jewelry.
5	Just got my engagement ring from T-Bird! Ron was very knowledgeable about giving up options for the ring and settings! This is my go to place for diamonds now due to the service and quality of the gems!
5	My husband purchased my engagement ring here last year! My husband, who was just my boyfriend at the time, was secretly planning ( desings, picking out what loose diamond, etc.) with one of the owners Darryl for the purchase of my ring for months, and I was so oblivious. I was very surprised to see he popped the question with my Tacori ring, since my diamond was top heavy, they suggested to put prongs in the inside to help it stay put. Whenever we go here to get my ring cleaned / checked out - they are so welcoming and nice. I believe this is the only jewelry store in Las Vegas to carry the brand Tacori ( I love the quality of this brand, and desings). Forever pleased with my ring, and the service here! Will enjoy coming back to get my ring checked, and getting a new wedding band once I pop out my son in a couple of months lol.
5	Darryl and his team at T-Bird are the best.   Darryl and Pat spent hours helping my husband and I pick out a new diamond for my wedding ring.  They answered all our questions and provided so many details about diamonds and diamond certifications.  T-Bird also provided a CAD drawing of what my wedding band would look like with the new diamond.  I just picked up the finished ring and it is amazing.  It looks like a custom designed ring.They also refinished by husband's wedding ring.  The ring looks better than they day we bought it.Everyone in the shop is helpful and professional.  I couldn't be happier with the work they did.I will use T-Bird for all my jewelry needs.
