2	#500 review!!!I've been trying to save #500 for a noteworthy contestant, but I haven't quite ran into anything outstanding for a few months :(With that being said, my neighborhood bar/lounge recently had ANOTHER restaurant ownership change, and since it wasn't on Yelp yet, I figured I would do the honors....too bad, it's not a very positive review.First of all, the main reason I believe they continue having issues with the restaurant side of their business is the fact that the interior shares a half-wall with the neighboring bar which allows cigarette SMOKE to linger. It's not nearly as noticeable today in comparison to the pizza restaurant that resided a couple months ago due to the fragrant meats and sides, but still bothersome to most non-smokers.Before I start on the food, let me first point out that this is GOOD BAR FOOD...just not great BBQ.  Let me clarify, if I was sitting at the bar watching the game, I'd be hard pressed to find much better bar counter food ordering selectively from the menu.  But compare this to the better BBQ spots in town, and you'll leave unimpressed...especially given their price point.I ordered the Combo Platter: "Sweet" Ribs, Pulled Pork, Smoked Beans & Mac Salad. Ribs were TERRIBLY OVERCOOKED, blackened crispy & dry. Bones were BRITTLE & actually BROKE APART when given little effort. The Pulled Pork was good though, crunchy bits and smokey undertone, with the only complaint being the sauce too SWEET for my tastes. Smoked beans were a nice change from the norm, but the mac salad was forgettable.Also tried the Chopped Brisket, Baked Beans & Coleslaw. Brisket was DROWNED in sweet bbq sauce that masked all the smokey flavor that was hiding inside. Beans were run-of-the-mill but enjoyable.  Coleslaw tasted like raw cabbage and water.  Where is the vinegar...sugar...flavor? And last but not least, the Fried Pickles. Some pieces were a bit salty and overcooked, but most were tasty and well done. To summarize, if you are in the area looking for a good place to watch the game & some good bar food (and don't mind the smoke), this would be an great choice given what we have in the Northwest.  If you are looking for the best BBQ in Vegas, you won't find it here.
5	Phe-nom-inal with an extra "nom nom" because you want to keep eating.  Inside the Town Center Lounge so if it wasn't for the massive smoker outside you would think typical Vegas Tavern Food, but it most definitely  is not! Stepping inside you are greeted by a quick service vibe with order at the counter and take a number type of service.  No sweat, efficient and I don't have to wait for the attractive blond to bring my beverage.Food was on the table (sliced brisket sandwich - $11) before I was finished filling my green tea.  Immediately I reached for one of their BBQ sauces and remembered "Nick you have to taste before you douse".  Needless to say I put the BBQ sauce back and all I was left with was wanting to get another sandwich!  All and all, will be back, must come back! I'm even going to throw it out there, better than Road Kill Grill. Basically Bubba's brings a big Texas bite to this little Vegas watering hole.
4	Since they have only been open for about a week, I'll forgive them for having run out of Brisket and Chicken.  I opted for take-out; I loved the sweet rack of ribs - they were exactly the type of ribs I love.  Sweet and a bit sticky and tangy, with fall-off-the-bone meat.  I give the ribs 4-1/2 stars on their own, I'd give 5 if not for the high cost of a full rack.  These were cooked perfectly.  I can't think of any ribs I'd had in Las Vegas that I enjoyed as much as these.The sliced turkey breast ordered in lieu of smoked chicken was ok, and the angus cheddar burger was good. For sides, the baked beans were very enjoyable as were the onion rings.  I didn't care much for the dill potato salad but I would go back again just for the waitresses - who would get 10 stars.This place used to be a hangout for Chicago fans, "unfortunately" the new owner is a Packers fanatic.Went back 12/7 to try the sliced brisket sandwich and fries.  Absolutely loved it!
2	I have been in Austin for the past few months for work and I was tempted by this new BBQ place in the wilds of the Northwest. I came in today, ordered chopped brisket because sliced was unavailable and had the pulled pork. The pulled pork was terrible. Dry, chopped instead of pulled, drenched in a poor quality sauce. I did not enjoy it. The brisket was OK, the only part of the experience deserving any stars, but drenched in BBQ sauce. In Texas they let you add your own sauce. I feel like they were compensating for poor quality preparation. The Cole slaw was dry, the dressing was watery and pooled at the bottom of the cup. The baked beans had little flavor and were too soft from being cooked too long. Not worth the price at all. Go to Road Kill just a mile or so away to get something amazing, twice the food at the same price and as good as anything I have had in Texas.
