4	I recently stopped  by the newest location of It's Sugar in the brand new Phoenix Premium Outlets in Chandler and I had a good experience.I had never been in an It's Sugar store before but I must say the large and very brightly colored Nerds window display caught my attention. I was having a little bit of a down day and I must say walking into this store made me happy. Brightly colored, loud but good music, nicely organized and best of all full of candy. Candy as far as the eye can see. It brought me back to the good ol' days of going to the mall with my friends and picking out our favorite bulk candy and sneaking it into the movies. Many great bulk candy options that are organized by hard candy, gummy candy, sour gummy candy and finally a chocolate lovers paradise. They also have international chocolate bars, standard chocolate bars and other prepackeged goodies.In the back of the store they have a novelties section which is stocked with some funny little knick knacks. I found a Doctor OCD hand sanitizer with double the amount in every squeeze. This gave me quite a laugh. There are many other funny items such as, bacon flavored mints for a hint of bacon in every kiss, a banana wine stopper and a variety of novelites for any personality.I enjoyed my visit to this store. I was there in the middle of the week on a Thursday and my experience could have been much different with 20 kids running around in each direction but I was the only one in the store and I had a great time. If you are craving candy and maybe a few laughs, stop by It's Sugar...
4	holy sugar rush. so many options of different kinds of sweets & candies at IT'SUGAR. we were gone from our four-year-old over the weekend and this place was a good find to pick up something for her.the greatest find: astronaut ice cream (freeze dried icecream). this stuff is awesome. it brings me back to when i was a kid!!
5	Loved this store not for the candy but for the selection of new Ty Beanie Boos that were available.  Service was genuinely friendly.
