5	this place is amazing!excellent selection of wines, cheeses, fruits and veggies!!!but what is MOST impressive is the customer service.the staff will go out of their way to help you pair wine or beer with whatever you are making.  the guy who helped us, gave us ample samples, was abundantly helpful and even wrote down the name of an author so that we could look up a book about different kinds of wines to learn for ourselves.five stars for sure.
3	I am very disappointed in Brennan's.I'll start by agreeing that Brennan's is a nice market with great customer service, great products and loads of tasting.I really like the fruit tasting because I am picky about fruit and when you can taste to make sure it's just right - that's a real winner.However, NONE of their fruit in the store was organic, most were sourced from far away like California, and the few sourced "locally" came from places like Michigan. For an ag state like WI, this is surprising.When I asked if there were any organic blueberries, I was told by staff that they didn't carry any organics - that's ANY, none, zip, zilch - and that they get the "best quality of fruit around" and so organic just didn't make their list of best quality.Um, hello?!For a very local market, and one that specializes in wine, fruits and cheeses, this is highly disappointing. I can find more local fruit at Whole Foods.So, while I gave it three stars due to customer service, quality of products and the "gourmet" feel of the place, I am truly disappointed in this local grocer.
5	I've recently moved to Madison and among a see of mass market grocers discovered the beacon of local and unique foods at Brennan's. This place is amazing and I could literally spend hours here.  Yesterday I was shopping for ingredients to prepare a salad.  I was immediately spotted, looking confused, in the extensive cheese section.  The employee, a manager, I think, went through all this history of the cheese I was looking for and asked what I was making.  He gave me some less expensive options to the incredibly expensive item I was looking for.  Badger State Blue--get some.  Then I was looking for a vinegar.  It had just arrived, still in the backroom.  He went in the backroom and got the vinegar I needed.  I'm sold!!!  What other grocery store would provide this level of service, with a smile, no-less.  I'm sold.  It's Brennan's for me from here on!
4	This is by far the best of the Madison-area Brennan's Markets (the original store in Monroe is #1 overall).  It's larger than the other Madison locations, the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful, and the selection seems to be a little better.Case in point: we stopped by Brennan's this afternoon and inquired about the status of their "chin drippin' peaches" - my coworker needed a full case for the weekend (he's going to a family reunion/vacation in Indiana).  The gentleman working the produce area took us over to a huge stack of crates filled with the peaches and asked a few questions - how soon would Phil (co-worker) be eating them, when would he be transporting them, could he keep them at a reasonable temperature, and so on.After answering his questions, he reached into one of the cases, grabbed a peach, cut it in half and gave it to us.  He sampled one himself and said, "These will probably be ready by Saturday.  Let's try this stack here - it's a day older."  And we repeated the test... we definitely liked the 2nd one better.  The produce gentleman told my friend that he'd save him a case of those peaches and that he could pick them up tomorrow afternoon - that way they'd be kept safe/nice until he needed them.We sampled some of the other fruits - all of which were amazing (especially the Fat Boy blueberries - holy cats).  I scored a nice container of Wild Blue popcorn, then went inside to check out the cheese spreads and deli.While browsing the cheeses, one of the cheese worker folks came by and asked if he could help me find anything in particular.  I said I was just browsing and made a casual comment about a "Hollow Cheese" that they had in one of the coolers.  He immediately lit-up and told me the history of hollow cheese and how it's his favorite.I asked him for more details about it and he said, "let's just try some, shall we?"  And he cut open a pack of the cheese and let me try a monster chunk of it - it was phenomenal, so I bought a block.That's the beauty of Brennan's - employees seem happy to be at work, and they know everything about the products they sell.  I also appreciate that they have the liberty to let you sample whatever you'd like to (within reason).  Woodman's may have low prices on staple goods; Metcalfe's may have a nice "upscale" selection of goods; but Brennan's has them all beat when it comes to service, enthusiasm, freshness, and knowledge.
5	The largest selection of my favorite things under one roof (that let you taste test practically everything!!): fruits, veggies, cheeses, dips, wine, & beer! Totally a Wisconsin tradition- wish we had something this awesome in Philly!
4	Awesome selection of cheese, sausages, wine and beer. I'd love to explain it in more detail, but frankly they have such a wide selection of high-quality stuff that I can't fit my brain around it! Microbrews, artisan cheeses, samples from cheese contests, the list goes on!Oh, did I mention how great a selection of fresh produce and baked goods they had?Can you say SAMPLES? They have nibbles of a lot of items out there, it was VERY HARD not to walk out of there with $50-$75 of cheese! Amazing stuff. The no-sugar-added fruit spreads were also awesome!This was in February and March, I only hope I get a chance to visit in summer / fall when the really goods stuff is in season!Bottom line: if you're in Madison, you've got to visit Brennan's!
5	Love it. You can't go wrong here. Be prepared to spend a little more coin than usual, but everything is so fresh and tasty.
2	$28.50 for a pound of cashews.
4	All hail to the beer and cheese champion!  Planning a night of snacking and drinking?  Look no further.  When you walk into Brennan's you are slowly welcomed by their produce selection.  They have an abundance of fresh and tasty fruit and veggies.  We came in with the intention of picking up snacks and beer for "snack night" at our house.  We grabbed some awesome grapes and headed into the main part of the store.  I have never thought what heaven would look like to a Wisconsonite, but I'm pretty sure this is it.  Smoked meat is hanging, cheese in all shapes and ages are chilling, and there is a massive wall of chilled beer, and aisles of local beer.  We grabbed smoked cheese curds, basil cheese (BASIL cheese, genius!), and of course beer.  They do this amazing sampler thing where you grab your six pack carrier and slip individual beers in so you can try a whole bunch and you don't have to commit.  The only reason why I gave it 4 versus 5 stars, is that it is a specialty store and you will have to make a second trip to get "real people food" like normal bread and milk and blah blah blah.  However, if I could live off the food at Brennan's...I would!
5	OMG cheese heaven for those shopping for Wisconsin cheese LIKE ME.  They have a huge variety of cheese from amish cheese to yogurt cheese.  I helped myself to quite a few different kinds of cheese.  I did get some cajun cheese curds which was really fresh and yummy.  They have habenero Monterey Jack cheese to Chipotle Monterey Jack cheese. YUM!  If you spend over $50 you get $5 off a $9.99 cooler to hold all your cheeses.  Love it as its easy to carry all the cheese to the airport and it will stay cool and fresh.  I am coming back to this location each time I visit Wisconsin!
3	The sandwich counter was a surprise and will be back to have another. The local blue cheese I picked up was exceptionally creamy, will be back for that as well. I did enjoy being able to sample different items around the store. The cheese curds were good but ... While I see the quality of all they sell, I think they push the limits on their pricing.
5	A few weeks ago a friend told me they closed up shop.Pishaw! They are SO open, and we're no longer friends. (Not really, but it does make me wonder if she wanted to keep this gem to herself.)Brennan's has quickly become famous for being a one stop shop for produce, cheese, meat, beer and wine! You could seriously spend hours in the place sampling ripe fruit, trying creamery bites of cheese, and shmearing homemade spreads on crackers and bread. I absolutely love the "try before you buy" thing they have going on, because not only are you getting locally sourced products, but you know they taste good because you sampled them. I've been to a few now in Wisconsin and I have to say this one is pretty rad. It's big, it's clean, the staff there is so friendly and always willing to answer questions. They know their stuff and if you're worried about ripening type things (over ripe, under ripe, when will it be ripe) ask them! They'll cut, open, slice, sample... whatever, if it means giving you the important info you need before you spend some cash.
5	I love this place. Amazing cheese selection, great beer selection ($8.99 make your own 6-pack!), enough samples to fill you up for a light snack! Friendly, helpful staff. Wish they had one in San Fran!
5	I love this place! My mother was visiting from my home state and I knew I had to take her here to sample cheeses! We spent our time wandering through. She was amazed selection and found a great one. I had been a few times before this, but it took me a good three years to visit this place after I moved here and I wish I would have done it sooner! This is now my go to place for good cheese!
5	Good selection of well priced wine. The guys in the wine section helped me and recommended two wines. The hostess of the party loved them both.
