5	I can't believe there are NO reviews for Gateway Clipper Fleet!  What, you people have never been a tourist in your own hometown?  You've never used the shuttle boats to Pirates' or Steelers' games?  You've never taken their sightseeing cruises?My husband Rick and I were looking for something different to do for Valentine's Day.  We took their Valentine's Night Dinner Cruise and it was wonderful!  For one relatively low price, we got a cruise down the Three Rivers, dinner, and dancing.  The buffet dinner was absolutely terrific.  It was your typical upscale buffet, but the food was very good, the veggies were fresh, and the desserts were to die for.  I.e.  This was not your typical "Old Country Buffet" chow because the food actually had flavor not derived from sodium.My husband and I also danced the evening away on this cruise.  It was very romantic and he and I had not gone dancing in quite awhile.  This was the perfect way to spend Valentine's Night and we will certainly do it again next year!As for their other cruises, Gateway Clipper has Captain's Dinner Cruises, Chicken & Ribs, Godfather's Dinner Cruises, Gospel Brunch Cruises, Family Picnic Cruises, Theatre Cruises, and Comedy Cruises.  Want to go sightseeing?  Try the One Hour Sightseeing Cruise or the Lords of the Mon Cruise (we've taken our out-of-town guests on these).Oh, one other thing, don't trust the map on Yelp!  Gateway Clipper is not located on the North Side, but rather at Station Square.
4	Something tourists and locals alike have to try at least once.  There are actually several boats of varying sizes that go on different tours.  The Good Ship Lollipop is geared towards families with young children.  I've been on the lock and dam tour twice, among others.  I've never taken one of the dinner cruises, but they do have a snack bar with basic eats and drinks on the longer cruises.  There can be crowds at times, but it;s a nice way to enjoy the scenery and learn some history.
4	How many other ballparks, Major League or Minor League, are served by shuttle boats?  Very few I would imagine!  But if you're going to or from a Pirates game at PNC Park, you can take the Gateway Clipper Fleet's shuttle boats from Station Square.  They're handy if you're eating at Station Square either before or after the game (as my parents and I were).  Also if you are coming from the South Hills or South Side, you can save a lot of time by parking at Station Square and taking the shuttle.  It's also handy if you're using the "T" or the Mon Incline.  Heck, if you're a visitor or if you wanna take the kiddies for a boat ride, it's a cheap tourist attraction.
4	Way a great way to see the city. We took the 1 hr evening sightseeing cruise (not a dinner cruise) which happened for us to be a sunset cruise. The weather was beautiful so we sat outside and took in the sights which included fireworks as we passed PNC park (for home runs) twice! It was awesome. The captain pointed out all the sights and we took it all in.Very affordable, highly recommended. It would be really pretty when the fall colors are at their peak as well.
3	The Gateway Clipper Fleet are sort of a Pittsburgh standard. Its a great place to take tourists who want a tour of the city from the water and its a fun thing for locals to do as well!! They used to do science trips for kids that you could sign up for that taught you how to test the water for different chemicals and look for different organisms, they had you get water samples from the different rivers, etc... The Good Ship Lollipop is geared towards kids, others have dinner themes, new years and 4th of july cruises, etc....Its worth the time! :)
5	I took the one hour city tour on the river for $12/person.  This place is so hard to find, I almost missed the boat!  My tip would be to come at least 15 minutes earlier than you would have originally planned for so you have some buffer time to find the place.It's definitely a nice way to get a very scenic view of the city!
4	Being tourists in Pittsburgh, we decided to get a boat tour of the Pittsburgh area.  For an hour tour along to the three rivers, it was about $12/person.  Gateway Clipper is located in Station Square.  We arrived about 30 minutes before our tour, and hung out in the waterfront patio they had.  You can get snacks by the water while you wait.The tour was informative and we got to see the city from the water perspective.  I would recommend the tour if you are planning on exploring the Pittsburgh area.
4	A New Year's Eve dinner and dance cruise aboard the Gateway Clipper Fleet.  What an amazing and sane way to ring in the New Year!  And my husband and I, along with my cousin, my brother, my best friend, and their respective spouses did just that.  No overcrowded bars charing a king's ransom for drinks, no obnoxiously stoopid people--just dinng and dancing the night away as we cruised the three rivers!  And since we all booked rooms at the nearby Sheraton Station Square, no putting up with idiots on the highway either.
5	$10 to go to the pirates game round trip. Very cool experience.
5	The Gateway Clipper reminds me of so many fond memories!  I first came down to the Burgh to attend Point Park University.  They used to schedule a welcome back party on the boat every year in August our first week in school.  The first time seeing the city from the river was so magical for me!  I think that's when I feel in love with it.  Seriously, you can get the view from the highway, the tall buildings or even Mt. Washington, but this is a totally different perspective.  One you can get to by yourself.  I just love it!I looked forward to that time on the boat every year!  It even put so much of an impression on me that I considered it for my wedding.  Ultimately we decided to have our wedding in Erie, but if we would have had it in Pittsburgh, it would have been my first choice.  It's just such a unique way to experience the city!  They usually sail a good way along each of the rivers so you get to take in every last part of the city.  I love being able to float past all the main hot spots of the city, especially the Point and the Stadiums.  And you can't beat that cool summer breeze coming from the top of the boat. I love that they offer a slew of different cruises, from the family ice cream sundays to the dinner and dancing cruises and everything in between, they pack that schedule full!  If you're visiting Pittsburgh or have lived here for 50 years, you're missing out if you don't head on the Clipper Fleet for a visit or two!
5	I have had two fantastic experiences on the Gateway Clipper Fleet.  The first was for the Captain's Dinner Dance cruies on Valentine's Day.  When you make your reservation, make a request if you want to be seated in a specific area, especially if you want window seating or to be seated on the main floor.  I wasn't sure what to expect other than standard banquet fare and some dance music.  The cruise exceeded my expectations.  They were very efficient on getting passengers on board even though they herd you into a line so they can take your picture as you board the ship.  You were able to board about an hour before departure and enjoy a la carte drinks and appetizers.  Skip the appetizers and eat something before you get on or just save room for dinner.  Drinks were on the expensive side but that is to be expected at this type of event.  There were several speciality drinks that come in a souvenier cup.  Your second drink will be cheaper because you won't be paying for the glass again.  As the boat pulled away from the docks, we were treated to a brief narration about hilights in Pittsburgh's skyline.  It was informative enough to give you a taste of information but not so intrusive that it was annoying.  Despite a fully packed boat, tables were escorted to the buffet quickly and efficiently and the food supply was constantly replenished.  Despite my thoughts that it would be standard banquet food, everything was actually quite tasty.  When the buffets were removed, the dancing started.  There was a live "band" that had guitar, keyboards and a singer (backed up by tracks of music).  Their quality of playing wasn't the best, but I'm a music snob so I let it slide so I could kick back nad have a good time.  They played a variety of music ranging over the decades but seemed to mostly focus on disco.  I would have preferred there to be more slow cances considering it was Valentine's Day, but we had a great time dancing.  Before we knew it, the boat was pulling back in to Station Square and a fun night came to a close.The second time I took the Gateway Clipper was for the shuttle to a Pirates game.  The service was efficient and drops you off right at PNC Park.  My only complaint is that we just missed getting on to one of hte smaller ships so we had to wait until the larger one was at capacity before they shuttled us to PNC which ended up making us late for the start of the game.  If you plan on taking the shuttle, make sure you give yourself enough time.
3	I went on the chicken and rib cruise this past Thursday with my girlfriend and another couple.  We had made the reservations by phone and my last name got a little butchered.  After a small but funny kerfuffle we were led to our table as this cruise had assigned seating.Even though our main meal was the Buffett we decided to start off our meal two appetizers, the crab and shrimp dip and antipasti.  The antipasti was nice with a good selection of cheeses, meats and olives while the dip did little to leave an impression on me.  The Buffett had on it vermicelli salad, cole slaw, cornbread, a jumbalaya rice, corn on the cob, roasted red skin potatoes and the chicken and ribs.  Everything was decent with the standout dish for me being the ribs which I slathered in regular BBQ sauce.  After enjoying the BBQ sauce I thought I would try the hot version and was disappointed to find out that meant tobasco added to it. Overall it was a solid meal but nothing special.  The cruising portion was also pretty nice and we all enjoyed going up and down all three rivers while hearing some Pittsburgh history.The bottom line for me is that I will probably not be back in the future.  The price doesn't justify the cost food wise although I imagine it would be an awesome way to get an out of town guest to experience Pittsburgh.
4	I love the Gateway Clipper, honestly. It brings back so many childhood memories for me; when I was little, my mom would take us on the Good Ship Lollipop tours. Happy times.I hadn't been on a Gateway Clipper cruise in years, and had been telling my husband (who just moved to Pittsburgh, being a native Michigander) that we really had to take one. He's never seen the city from the river, and you just can't be a real Pittsburgher until you've been on the Gateway Clipper at least once. Imagine how excited I was to attend a Yelp Elite Squad event on a boat!My husband and I awaited the day in great anticipation, and we weren't disappointed. We waited on the dock for a while, since we are Perpetually Early, and when we were able to board the air conditioned interior of the boat was a welcome respite from the intense heat of the day.The food was served buffet style for this particular cruise, and there was plenty of it. We tried, between us, to at least taste everything, and didn't leave anything behind on our plates. Our favorite was a flaky warm pastry with a cheese filling, and the runner up was fried chicken on a stick. Not exactly health food, but tasty food! We had a server who came to our table to bring us drinks, and she was fantastic and attentive.After we ate, we hurried up to the top deck to enjoy the scenery. The first portion of the cruise was narrated over a loudspeaker, which was great, especially since even I learned a few things I hadn't known before. We sailed down the Mon, up the Allegheny quite a ways -- nearly to Washington's Landing. Then down the Ohio beyond the West End Bridge and back, leading to some spectacular sunset views of our rivers and bridges.Husband and I both had a fantastic time and he wants to know when we can go back. It will certainly be soon... that chicken and ribs cruise looks fantastic!
1	What a terrible disappointment!  We were on the Princess Light up Night dinner cruise and did not get to see the main fireworks!  We were told by the captain we had to be back at the dock in ten minuets even though all the other boats got to stay out and watch the show!  As we were driving on Carson Street to go home, all the other boats were sitting in the river watching the show!  We paid the same price as the people on the other boats and only got half the show.  We will not attend this again and will not recommend this trip to any of our friends!!!!
4	I had the opportunity of going on my first Gateway Clipper cruise a month or two ago. The entire boat was rented out by my workplace, so it was a lot of fun knowing everyone on board. The weather was relatively nice, though a little chilly. My friend and I were quickly approached about beverages, though it took a long time for the waitress to return with our drinks. However, I can understand that the top deck was pretty packed, and it seemed challenging for the staff to maneuver all the people, especially while carrying beverages.Most of the team moved downstairs when our co-workers began playing Minute to Win It games. The Gateway Clipper Fleet staff did a great job with the games, and both the participants and observers really enjoyed them! However, I was frustrated that the minimal appetizers available were put away when the games started, at least an hour before we returned to our little dock. In addition to my drinks, I ended up only getting a few semi-stale pretzels and greasy potato chips sitting on the tables.Overall, I had a fantastic time! However, I would've expected better service and appetizer availability on the boat if I had paid for it myself.
5	We visited for their mother's day cruise with my mother and grandmother and I was blown away. We arrived late and I was worried that we wouldn't have the ability to sit together. I knew it was a buffet and was worried that the seating was a first come, first served situation. Not so, each group had their own table, which was fantastic news. A live band was playing when we arrived and our table by the window was the perfect way for my mother and grandmother to enjoy the views without venturing outside (it was pretty chilly and really windy that Sunday). The service was very friendly and prompt, but be forewarned, there are no free refills on pop. My husband drank $15 worth of coke without knowing it lol. No biggee, just wish we had known in advance as he would have definitely switched to water or beer. The trip was beautiful, with the captain narrating the first part, which my family really enjoyed. The sun was shining and Pittsburgh was showing off in all her glory to be sure. The food blew me away. I didn't expect much from a buffet on a boat, but I could not have been more wrong. They served a green salad, potato salad, pasta salad, rice, mashed potatoes, buttered carrots, chicken with a bolognaise sauce, and carved roast beef. The chicken was seriously out of this world. Perfectly cooked, not dry in the LEAST, and wonderfully flavored. The beef was also amazing, I overheard some people complaining about how it was cooked, but all you had to do was ask the carver for a piece that was more rare, or more well done and he was happy to accommodate you. Can't please em all I guess. Desserts were a lemon cake and a chocolate lava cake that were both fantastic as well. We really enjoyed the trip immensely, the only downfall being the live band. One of the singers was having an off day and wasn't sounding too hot and the volume was loud. Now I understand that a lot of people wanted to dance and have fun, and that's fantastic. But when it comes to most grandmothers, when the volume gets too loud they get a little upset. I wish there had been a quieter place for mine to enjoy the trip, but, as I said before, it was WAY too cold to take her up to the top deck to see the sights. We should have brought winter coats and blankets! All in all though, a fantastic way to treat the mother's in your life that I would recommend to anyone looking for something special. And, as we were disembarking, the staff gave every woman a very pretty potted flower. Such a special treat!*A side note, when you board the ship they take your picture, fantastic I was excited to purchase a few pictures of us. Unfortunately they were charging $30! Now, after paying almost $200 for the four of us (not including pop or alcoholic beverages) I would have thought the price might be a bit less. So we left without pictures, again not a big deal but I was disappointed in the exorbitant price.
3	The driver of our boat on the Three Rivers BBQ cruise was talking on his cell, smoking a cigarette, and drinking a pop while navigating the three rivers.  I'm not kidding.  Sadly, this is the experience you get on the cruises so expect no more.We had tickets for the Three Rivers BBQ cruise.  Gift certificates so we called in advance to reserve a spot.  The person who answered the phone pretty much couldn't help me reserve my trip.  She was confused as to how I got the gift certificate and after putting me on hold several times she finally sent me over to her manager.  The manager then made me read "word for word" what the certificate said.  After about 20 minutes on the phone I was good to go on the cruise.So seven pm on a Thursday I was good to go.  We were welcomed by a lady who told us where to sit since they have assigned seating.  We were promptly waited on for drinks.  You have the choice of free tea, water, and coffee or you can pay for beer and pop.  Drinks ran about 5 dollars and over, pop being 1.75.  They run a tab for your group.  After getting our drinks the boat took off sailing the three rivers.  For the first thirty minutes you get a tour of the city.  While the tour was going on we got our food to eat.  They assign which tables get to go eat at different points.They had cole slaw, cornbread, chicken, ribs, pasta salad, hard as a rock lemon desert, garlic mashed potatoes, pulled pork, and rice.  The food was pretty good.  After everyone went up once you had the option for seconds.After dinner the place pretty much cleared out.  Many went up to the top deck to smoke which I am surprised this place still allows smoking.  Virtually every place is smoke free now.  The top deck had tables and the floor and railings were a bit rusty.  A can of Rustoleum can go a long way.  The top deck also featured a couple making out and groping each other.  I felt like I was watching HBO after dark.  With this in mind the cruise allows kids on the boat as well.Dancing and Baffling Bob the magician were on the first floor of the boat.  DJ Doug was sure to play all the party favorites even that horrible song for the uncoordinated where they clap a ton, dance in a line, and a man says "to your left! to your right!" .  Forty year old women and overweight women loved it.Baffling Bob did some magic.  Nothing special, but good enough to keep me entertained.Dress on the ships website notes business casual.  If you are going on the Clipper for a date, anniversary, or other special occasion be prepared for others to be underdressed.  There were plenty of Pittsburgh Tuxedos floating around (jeans and polo shirts).  Girls wearing sequins, and women wearing long flowing dresses.This cruise is great if you haven't been on one before.  Would I go again?  Sure.  Maybe in a few years or on another cruise they offer.
4	The Clipper fleet is absolutely one of the best parts about living in Pittsburgh. I love seeing and learning about my city, and seeing my city from the river is about as unique as sightseeing can get. I have no (majorly) bad memories when it comes to the rides and events I've had and attended while one of the Gateway Clipper boats. Even the weather has always been good when I get on board a Clipper boat. Anything you could possibly want to do while on a boat, this fleet offers as a special event, including but not limited to children's events, dinners, fall foliage sightseeing, absolutely fascinating historical sightseeing tours, dance parties and 4th of July firework shows. If you do want to attend a special event, always buy tickets in advance; the Clipper fleet is extremely popular among locals and tourists alike.Here are the drawbacks: food and drink will cost you a pretty penny. In fact, you're better off eating before you get on board (fortunately, Station Square offers plenty of options, so this won't be a problem). And unfortunately, smoking is allowed on the decks of these boats. A friend and I actually ended up moving to a lower deck because someone behind us lit an extremely disgusting-smelling cigar. It absolutely ruined part of the evening as we looked for new seats on a very crowded boat. If we had not found new seats I'm sure we both would have soon become sick to our stomachs.Still, definitely fun, definitely worth the price of admission for the overall experience.
4	I was in Pittsburgh over a week ago visiting friends.  Living in Chicago and working in the field of Architecture it made perfect sense that during my stay I take some kind of tour to learn more about the skyline.The Gateway Clipper Fleet was clean, courteous and informative.  The tour guide, a woman in her late 20s was very knowledgeable and accommodating, which made for a very enjoyable trip.Lasting about an hour you'll travel up and down the three converging rivers as buildings and landmarks are pointed out and you're given a few fun facts about each spot.  Half way through they give you a few moments to venture to the bathrooms or down the the somewhat over priced bar...The trip was extremely enjoyable and had it not been the 8$ Canned beer they would have received a five out of five... If you can manage to not partake in buying food or beverages on the trip; you'll most certainly enjoy it.  I know I did.
4	My cousin threw an awesome party for her daughter and husband. The tickets I believe were only $10 to ride but it was an ice cream cruise. We received a raffle ticket used to get one ice cream sundae. They had several topping options to choose from like chocolate, pineapple, strawberry, sprinkles, and whip cream.We had a big party about 30 people using 4 tables. There were several other people celebrating birthdays aboard. It was a beautiful day so the top deck is where we spent most of our time. The warm weather and breeze made me feel like I was on the beach. We traveled down all three rivers and went under so many bridges. The trip itself was awesome but the only aspect I didn't like was the food. They basically had ball park food like nachos, ice cream, hotdogs and popcorn. It's only a two hour trip but I'd really prefer a cold sandwich, even a PB and J would be better than all the salty snacks they serve.The tour of all the great aspects of the city like PNC, Heinz field, and the fountain at the point. The announcer was very poor at his tour constantly messing up the sentences and information. He was very ignorant when it came to facts about the city; almost embarrassing. Anywho, I would still love to take a trip on this clipper for the fresh air and view alone.
5	For my 100th review, I figured I'd review one of my favorite PGH attractions: the Gateway Clipper fleet.  For Valentine's Day, I went on a cruise on the Duchess, and it was a really wonderful, unique way to spend my first non-single V-Day. Although my now-ex bf and I have since split, this does little to diminish my fond memories of the cruise!I believe we set sail around 7:30pm, and we floated up the Mon past the Hot Metal Bridge, then up the Allegheny past the 40th St. bridge, then finally down the Ohio for the longest leg of the trip.  During this time, we enjoyed a buffet dinner, a raffle, and then dancing to live music.  Sure, the food wasn't up to the standard of the type of restaurant I'd pick for a special occasion such as V-Day (given that I'm a foodie...), nor was the band as good as one I'd hire for a wedding, but the experience was a pleasurable gestalt, in that the sum was greater than its parts. The ex and I had a great time conversing with other couples at our table, enjoying the scenery from the river, and then busting some moves on the dance floor. Although it was quite cold, given that it was the middle of Feb., towards the end of the ride, when the boat was headed back to Station Square, we went up to the deck to get some fresh air and take in the scenery of nocturnal downtown PGH. Although the trip had been my suggestion, I definitely felt loved that he'd do it for me, since it's not cheap ($60/person, if I recall).Based on my experience, I'd highly recommend the Gateway Clipper as a unique way to celebrate special holidays, such as V-Day, New Year's, or Light Up Night.  If you do decide to give it a try, be sure to book early, since, needless to say, it's very popular during these holidays.  I'd love to try it again during the warmer months, so that I could enjoy the view without freezing on deck.  The Gateway Clipper is definitely a one-of-a-kind way to see PGH and to celebrate special occasions!
4	Unique way to get a tour of the city and I highly recommend for any out of towners but also fun for Pittsburghers!  My first time on the clipper was riding it to a Pitt Game. The fleet serves as great roundtrip transportation for Pitt, Steelers and Pirates games. Get a fun ride on the river for about as much as North Shore parking would be.  I also attended a college formal on the boat and many events with  groups of newly arriving international students.  The food is always fantastic, the ship is clean with plenty of indoor/outdoor seating, bathrooms, a nicely stocked bar and usually a tour guide of some sort shouting out historical facts about the city.  Whether you rent out one of the ships for a formal affair or take a leisurely cruise on a Sunday afternoon (for 1 hour it is $21) it is a great time for the entire family!
5	We always have a great time on the gateway clipper- such a fun way to get outside and see the city. There are do many different cruise nights: I was just on the fall beer festival  one and it was a blast! Perfect weather, staff was super friendly, people were dancing to the DJ, buffet and drinks, such a great time!
5	I will always love hopping aboard the Gateway Clipper, no matter what the event! I most recently went on a 1 hour sight seeing tour ($20) in the evening. It was a wonderful trip, sailing beneath many of Pittsburgh's famous bridges, passing the point, and even shouting out to the Pirate's fans during a game with a giant Pirate flag and a huge toot from the boat! The tour guide was very energetic and knowledgeable about Pittsburgh's history, from the movies filmed in our city to the myths and facts about Mount Washington, none of the tour was boring! I am really looking forward to attending some of the holiday cruises or a murder mystery cruise! There are many options to choose from, all of which are packed with entertainment and fun that won't leave you disappointed! As an added plus, you are free to snap away photos while on the boat, creating some fun memories and some unique Pittsburgh themed selfies!
1	Such a bad experience it's almost comical.$70 per person dinner & soda isn't included ($2 a pop and had to pay for refills).   Bathrooms broke and had to switch boats(no compensation for the inconvenience).  Spent 2hrs sitting at port for the buffet which consisted of red potatoes, pork, soggy salad, & sub par prime rib. We waited 30 min for a server that didn't know he had our table, once he found out he didn't exactly provide stellar service, actually he didn't provide service at all because we never saw him again. Definitely an experience to remember, unfortunately not the most pleasant.
