5	I was greatly surprised by this place. As a lot of restaurants in this area are closing down, this place opened up 7 1/2 months ago. An older gentleman was working the counter and told my girlfriend and I all about the place, the food and answered all of our questions and even gave us some history on a lot of the foods. Not only did he take our order, but he cooked the food and delivered it to our table, 3 courses and took them away. Some Great Mediterranean Hospitality. This place was a breath of fresh air as we go to restaurants who don't greet us and don't care about us or even have time for good conversation, this place was Great and will be on my dining rotation for sure. I can see myself eating here all the time. I had the Gyro and it was GREAT and even reminded me of when I was a kid in Chicago eating a gyro, it was that good and I helped my girlfriend finish her Veal sandwich, that was so tasty and smelled great. My ethnicity is part Greek, so I love this food anyway, but this place was GREAT and will recommend it to many people in the future. See you soon. If you are going there for a quick meal, probably not the place, but give it a try, I know you will love it as much as I do.
3	First impression: friendly and knowledgeable.  We wandered in after taking the kids to see a movie, and despite the hours on the sign, a man whom I take to be Haris himself greeted us warmly.  He carefully explained all the menu items, in painstaking detail.  I had the unprouncable Pljskavica something or other, and my wife stayed with the more familiar spanakopita.  My dish tasted a bit like a fancy hamburger, while my wife's was an incredibly bland and moist failure. My boys each ordered a pizza (10$/pc) and while it turned out really well made with high quality ingredients, was about 5" in diameter.  Barely a snack for an adult.  The star was the chocolate candy.  Fabulous import well worth the money.  While Haris was friendly, the food wasn't great, and the prices were insane.  Unless you have a specific craving for Croation inspired Greek, I'd skip this place.
4	Ate here after another mediocre movie choice and it was so good, it saved the day. The croation (owner?) was amazingly helpful and gracious. He talked with us and treated us like family. He pulled a table outside so my dad and I could sit in the sun. Even gave us sweet dates at the end of our meal to "finish with something sweet."Sanwiched in between two chain resturants, it's easy to miss, but don't be swayed. Support the small business owner and check it out. The lentil soup is delicious and my father said the same for his sausage sandwich.
5	Did this place close down? Please tell me I either missed it or they relocated because I love their food :(I decided to take a 4 mile walk in the sun because ironically, I was too lazy to drive, and I had hopes of eating here, but when I got there there was no restaurant!!I have been here 2 or 3 times before and have very much enjoyed the food. The service can be slow as I think the owner is the only one that works there, but he makes the food with so much care and love that I don't mind waiting at all.I am so sad.
5	Just stopped in for something different.  What a surprise. Food is fantastic with real old world homemade recipes. Owner is a hoot!  He says his deserts are medicine. I agree don't leave without getting a dose.
1	I also found this place after leaving AMC.. I've been twice now.  If you caught me after my first visit you would have heard me rave about the food and the service.  The man that served us was friendly,  the service was exceptional and the food was spectacular!  I decided to take some friends next time I went and it was just the opposite.  The lady that served us brought 2 peoples food first leaving the third member of my party hungry, staring at our meals.  Then when the pasta missing entre finally arrived, after the other two people had already finished eating, it wasn't even what we ordered.  It was supposed to be spaghetti with meatballs but THERE WERENT ANY MEATBALLS! When we asked her why the meatballs were "mia".. The waitress/cook replied that it was a misprint on the giant menu in the front of the store that you order from and it would be an additional charge if we wanted them.. So we waited another 20 minutes before we got what we ordered, missed the begining of our movie and ended up taking the food to gland gave it to a nice homeless man outside of the movie theater, leaving one person in our party to fill up on popcorn while we all tried to figure out what we missed on the movie.  I would go back.. But only if I see the owner working.  If the lady is there.. Don't bother stopping.. You'll regret it.
1	this place wasn't there. closed.  did they move? someone help! I want some hummus and pita so bad!one star because i couldnt eat there :(
