4	Grade: BIrish food, good? Who knew? Decent prices and great service. Give this place a try.
4	I don't usually find myself regularly going to "mall restaurants" because Madison has more local places than I have time to visit and I usually figure I can try a chain restaurant anywhere.  That being said Claddagh has become a bit of a favorite family tradition for my father, grandmother and I.  The Greenway Station area falls about halfway between my father's shop in Paoli and my work.  We started meeting up for late lunches on Fridays and dinners on other nights, and I've always been impressed with the food.  I wasn't quite sure of the place before my first time there but over the last few years I've grown to really enjoy the atmosphere.  My father, despite never being able to pronounce the name, considers it one of his favorites in Middleton.  My 92-year old grandmother tagged along with him once and ordered the corned beef and cabbage, which is the largest single serving meal I have ever seen.  She's come along a few more times since because of it.  My grandmother absolutely loves corned beef and cabbage and she can tuck in pretty well on it.  Then she takes the rest home and has dinner for the next three days.I personally like the fish and chips.  I don't eat much fried fish (never been one for the vaunted WI Friday Fish Fry) but I do enjoy the way Claddagh uses a large cod filet and doesn't make the fish too greasy.  The "chips" are pretty delicious thick pub fries and I actually really like them with the tartar sauce that comes with the fish.  I also learned that I like malt vinegar.  I wash it all down with an Imperial pint of Smithwick's or two.  The sandwiches that I've tried have all been quite good.  The version of the Rueben comes with coleslaw instead of kraut but this actually comes off really well.  The meatloaf sandwich is perfect comfort food in the winter.  Unfortunately my favorite sandwich was taken off the menu about a year or so ago but despite that there's plenty of options to go with.  My father and I have gotten the lunch specials of the shepherd's pie and the beef stew, which was perfectly sized, filling but not coma-inducing.  Of course I have no idea how "authentic" this all might be since this was the first Irish-themed restaurant I've been to.  I would compare it favorably to the food at Brocach downtown or Erin's on the east side.  For a chain restaurant in a new shopping center on the outskirts of Middleton I would rate Claddagh a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.  My expectations have always been met or exceeded and the staff have always been friendly.  The names are all pretty hokey - Brian Boru steak salad! - but that's kind of part of the charm.  I've got friends that get a bit worn out by the Irish music in the background but I've always kind of enjoyed it.  There are bands every so often at the restaurant and bar service goes pretty late.  There is an outdoor patio that is OK during the warm months, though it does just look out on the parking lot expanses of Greenway Station.  I've stopped in a time or two for drinks and the bartenders have always been exemplary (much like Brocach), but the main reason I keep coming back is for dining and the friendly convenience.  It's a bit of fake mall culture to an extent, but it's well done fake mall culture.
5	I love this place!! The food is always fantastic. The clam chowder is the best. I don't think I've ever had anything disappointing at this place. The service is fantastic. Who would have guessed that Bangers and Mash could be so good. I would recommend the Monaghan Meatloaf. It is full of rosemary and devine. The Kinvara Salmon is also a very wonderful dish. We go as often as we can.
1	Unfortunately this review is going to be the first of many where I have discovered that listening to "Yelpers" is sometimes not the best way to find a restaurant in a strange city. I don't know if people on Yelp have lost their discerning palates or if I have become just really picky, but this restaurant / bar is a perfect example of so much going wrong. First, I didn't realize that this was a chain. The same one exists in Deerfield Commons in Mason, Ohio. Where did I go wrong? I read a review of fish and chips and I ordered them. OMG! The fish was so slimy, the batter just slid right off. That didn't help the situation, as the fish was not truly white, more of a grey colored substitute. The chips were not crispy, just fried in a lot of oil. I am sure there are other places in Madison to go for a beer and something to eat. I would advise finding them. This is not a destination one shoul choose.
4	My family and I met up here for dinner, and it was a great experience. Our server, Becca, was very friendly and helpful. The appetizers were out quickly, and out entrees were all delicious. We had five different sandwiches, and we were all pleased with what we ordered. Some of the dishes on the menu were quite pricey, but the sandwich w/ chips plates were less expensive and great deals.
1	How anybody has ever given this place a 5 is beyond me!  Dirty silverware, HORRIBLE drinks (my "Irish coffee"  tasted of water and ... perhaps a hint of old coffee, not to mention cold) and inedible food.  Can't really say much for the service, my waiter was obviously new and one can't blame him for that.
3	Joined a few of my colleagues for lunch, and they wanted to try Claddagh's. A quick check with Yelp had me nervous, but I'm happy to say that the experience was quite positive.We sat inside; a bit noisy - music was unnecessarily loud given the light crowd. Waiter quickly brought our drinks and took our orders.Food arrived within minutes. I had the grilled salmon salad, which featured a large piece of nicely finished salmon on a bed of spinach. I skipped the dressing, but was pleased to find some fresh blackberries, strawberries, and wonderfully sweet blueberries under the fish. Colleauges ordered a wrap, which looked good and got a "solid 3.5 stars" from the person eating it. Fish and chips got a solid "3 stars"- a touch greasy was the report, but in all fairness it was paired with a boatload of fries, so that may have overwhelmed things.Drinks were refilled promptly, and we were out the door in just over 35 minutes. The menu was a tad pricey; my salad was $14.99... Sodas were $2.35 each.
2	This seems to be the trend at Claddagh. I  enjoyed  this Pub in the past, but service and quality has gone downhill. This is from my 29 y/o daughter:Claddagh kind of sucks and here's why... (in order of appearance) 1. Refused to serve me even though I had ID... a lot of kids use fake IDs when out to lunch with their mother, right? 2. Served me rotten salad greens 3. Manager came over to argue rottenness of salad greens... um, no honey. I eat lots of salad. They don't "always look like that" unless they've gone bad. Booooooooooo. Boo!
3	Typical generic Irish Pub and in the middle of a psuedo suburban downtown/city center development.  It is right next to a cheeseburger in paradise so it can only be as good as expected.  They have the typical fare: fish and chips, shepards pie, bangers and also with plenty of Guinness on tap.  I had a few black and tans and the rest of my work group had a great time :)The staff was awesome and the only thing I'd of wish we had was some tvs in our private room - hard to watch the Tigers game when you have to squint 30 yds to the bar tv.Good for groups if ever entertaining corporate types in Middleton WI.  Oh and FYI - NO SPOTTED COW!!!!
1	This place is horrible. The manager, "Emily", is one of the rudest people I have ever come across. I specifically will not be returning because of her.
1	I've been here once before, and though I remember it being overpriced, it was pretty good with okay service - a typical chain/usually near a mall restaurant. Today, however, was pretty awful.A group of six of us found ourselves at Claddagh for a trivia championship game. Service was TERRIBLE. Our waitress would take one or two people's orders at the table, then just walk away. She forgot several drinks, and seemed skeptical when one of the people at our table said he never got his. She also made no effort to go above and beyond. My friend ordered hummus & pita, but she failed to mention that if he ordered a margarita, he'd get the hummus free. Not a big deal, but the marg is a bigger sale, so it's more beneficial for her to do so. The consensus on their burgers seemed to be "meh," and the hummus and pita was gross. They fry their pita triangles, and they were soaked in grease and left the taste of stale fried nastiness in your mouth. I made it through half a pita chip before I wanted to vom. Also, as mentioned, they're on the pricey side. With all the restaurants in Madison, you can get much more for you money elsewhere.
5	So, I just read some of the other reviews and YIKES!  I mean, I know we Madisonians LOVE all things local but since when did "chain restaurant" automatically come to equal "terrible, horrible crap"? Being from Madison, I'm a huge supporter of local restaurants but why look down on a small company just because they're growing? I did a little research and Claddagh only has 15 pubs & they're all in the Midwest. And unlike most "Irish" pubs in the states, they're are actually owned and operated by Irish people.  As for the food, it's great.  They have hands down THE BEST Fish & Chips in town and their burgers are great!  They also have some fusion dishes on the menu that are pretty tasty.  I tried a bit of the Chicken Curry dish my sister got last time we were there and loving Indian food, I was a little skeptical of an Irish curry but it was delicious.  I got the BBQ Chicken Burger which was awesome.I'd say that more than anything though, the best thing about Claddagh is their Happy Hour!  My Bud Light was $1 if that tells you anything.And they DO have Spotted Cow so I'm not sure if the keg was just tapped when "Aaron B." went but they had it when we were there:)Oh, and their patio is dog-friendly which is nice too.
1	The fish and chips taste pretty good.  But the service is the pits and I don't think they turn on the heat in there. It's always freezing. Save your money and skip this place.
2	They no longer have the Monahan Meatloaf. The new version is good, but not the same. The clam chowder recipe is also diferent, and not as good. The shepards pie is awful. It is just potatoes and a lot of ground beef. It has little flavor. I like a shepards pie with some root veggies showing, and some taste. If you just like a lot of ground beef and mashed potatoes, this is the dish for you. I would never order it again. I think the place has gone down hill. Too bad they had to ruin their menu. It is also over priced.
3	This place gets a solid 3 stars.  Walkable from our hotel and wanting something with a more local hangout type of vibe, the hotel front desk recommended this place.  Our group shared food, and the fish & chips was definitely the strongest dish.  I'm already in trouble with my cholesterol, however, so I had the balsamic chicken but it was just average.  Some people had the same comment about their shepherd's pie and left nearly half of it uneaten.  I guess the takeaway is go with the house specialties and don't deviate too far from them.  I mean, asking an Irish place to make balsamic chicken is like asking me (Chinese) to make you an authentic carne asada burrito.  That's a Yelp no-no.Travis took excellent care of us, though.  He checked on us frequently, refilled drinks, cleared the empty soup bowls and salad plates promptly, and was very understanding about our need for separate checks.  Lesson learned: next time, corned beef & cabbage!  We'll be back for 1 more trip.
2	We went to the bar for a drink and appetizer.  Service was good enough and the food was acceptable, but the waitress admitted that the bartender was screwing up drinks because he was more concerned about the NBA game then working.  I think this place has potential if you weeded the dead weight.
4	I typically make my dining decisions based on Yelp, and the low number of stars almost scared me away, but we had a coupon from the Bucky Book, so we decided to try this place.  Honestly, this place is underrated on Yelp.  Some of the reviews are pretty old, so maybe the restaurant stepped up their game?  The atmosphere/decor is really cool.  The service was fine.  They had a huge projector screen and TVs everywhere, so we could watch the game.  I went with a group of five, and everyone enjoyed their food.  The specialty cocktails were also very good.  Our group said they would give Claddagh 5 stars; however, my husband and I are kind of food snobs, and we both agreed that is was more of a 3.75, so I opted for 4 stars.
3	Good food bad service.
1	ugh. i joined some friends here for a trivia contest on a saturday. it's an "irish" pub. i hate "irish" pubs... they always attract the worst kind of people, and they're always decorated like some sort of adult, alcoholic epcot center with bad faux painting to make everything look old. claddagh definitely fits that description.the place was packed, but even so, the service we received was DISMAL. bad, bad, bad. it took 30 minutes for our waitress to bring my beer. when i flagged her down to ask for a menu, it then took another 30 minutes for her to take our order. and then another hour for our food to arrive. there is no excuse for this kind of sub-par service. my clam chowder was bland. the burger i got, the jameson-something-or-other, was completely slathered in jameson sauce (whatever the hell that is) and some sort of gooey cheese that resembled the nacho cheese you get at a movie theater. too. much. sauce. the burger itself had a weird meat loaf consistency. on top of being not great food, it was pricy.i will never come back here.
4	I was in charge of an event for 50 people at the Marriott West and we went to Claddagh's for one of our evening dinners. They did an excellent job with our large group - both with the pre-planning and the night of the event. They called to confirm everything beforehand. When we arrived they made sure the general manager, Michael, came over to greet me and make sure we had everything we needed. The servers, Tara and Veronica, were excellent. They were efficient, friendly, and handled the dynamics of a large group really well. We gave our group 3 choices for dinner: 1) Mac & cheese 2) balsamic chicken and 3) fish & chips. General consensus from the group was that the balsamic chicken was excellent, the fish & chips was good, and the mac & cheese was good but very rich (a lot of cheese and bread crumb topping) We were there for their happy hour power hour and couldn't believe that some of the beers were only $1!!We were there for a trivia night and the group had a great time. Overall, the service was excellent, the food was good, the atmosphere was fun, there was a good selection of inexpensive drinks, and I would definitely go back for a large group event. And as a result, I would also go back on my own just to try something different than the food option I had.
4	Go here to watch Man City games. Place has always had good service, at least the bar does. I've never actually been there to sit down for dinner. Decent number of good European beers on tap (Stella, Newcastle, Bass, etc.). I don't know why some of those other reviews were so harsh. This place does brisk business, so it can't be that bad. I enjoy myself when I'm here and plan on going back again.
5	My friends brought me here on St. Patrick's Day. We had a really good time. The staff and customers were definitely in the spirit of their holiday!We started off with a humungous Irish beer (I suppose it would be helpful if I remembered the brand name of the delicious beer but I don't recall) and for lunch I was tempted to try the highly recommended Fish and Chips--they looked good--but I did not. I tried: chicken spinach melt--chicken breast with spinach & artichoke dip on toasted sourdough; served with pub chips. 8.99I REALLY liked this sandwich. It really hit the spot! It was a regular chicken breast sandwich with the spinach and artichoke dip you would get as an appetizer spread on the bread. I thought it was a really unique combination for a sandwich and it was really good. The pub chips are thick cut fries--my favorite. I would highly recommend Claddagh Irish Pub and I would HIGHLY recommend the sandwich i ate....Oh, there was an Irish rock band playing with a female vocalist that played the violin. The band was out of this world. I really enjoyed them!
4	Can be loud and crowded at night, but I love to visit on weekend afternoons or mornings and have the full Irish breakfast. The fireside tables are great on cold days. They serve up some of the best bloody Mary's in town. Add a Draft Harp chaser and a shot of Jameson's and you have the best brunch this side of heaven. Lots of  draft beer options. Don't miss this place.
5	I travel here from time to time and love this place. Bourbon?  Check. Darts? Check. Fish and Chip?  Absolutely.  Great bar atmosphere in a cool little shopping area. Ever in Madison stop by this place and get a beer. Tell them Glenn sent you and they won't know what the hell you are talking about. Ha. Enjoy!
4	went there on a tuesday night. outside seating and was promptly waited on. Waitress was pretty good and took care of our needs. food was pretty tasty. definitely a good place to go during the weekday
2	Your standard Irish Pub, this place will not disappoint.  It's got the ambiance and atmosphere of a good Old Irish Pub.  A decent bar menu and beer selection add to this place.  The location is a bit out of the way and the service can be wanting.  If you want a better Irish pub, hit the capital and head to the Brocach.
2	The Wife and I went to Claddagh with friends on a Saturday night in mid-December 2012, and were sorely disappointed with the experience. We did not have any food, so this review is based solely on our experience while having a few drinks at the place.Once we were seated, the server came over to take our drink orders. Curious, I asked how the hot apple cider ("spiced rum & hot apple cider served with a cinnamon stick") was, and our server told me that she didn't know because she doesn't drink and doesn't know anything about alcohol. OK, fine, it's totally fair to not drink (I didn't for a long time), but shouldn't the answer automatically be, "It's great," when a customer asks how something you sell tastes?Anyway, we proceeded to place our order, and she brought them out. Everything was fine, although The Wife's Claddagh Coffee Martini (vanilla vodka, baileys irish cream, kahlua, tia maria & coffee; garnished with coffee beans) was very sweet and, seriously, not very strong. We had our first round, and then it was time for round #2.The server came back over to again take our order, and we had some questions. I asked, "Your menu says 'We like to mix things up[, so] ask your server for more draft & bottle selections & our rotating & seasonal taps! Ask your server for additional choices due to limited supply.' So, what additional beers do you have on draft?"She replied with "I, um, I don't know. I don't drink, so I don't know. I think it's, like, the usual ... Coors, Miller ..." That annoyed me - the menu says to ask my server about additional drafts not listed on the menu, and my server doesn't know the answer to that really simple question.Our friend then asked, "OK, well, what seasonal brews do you have." She gave the same answer, "I'm sorry, I don't know because I don't drink." At this point, I just gave up, and it has nothing to do with the fact that she doesn't drink. If you work as a server at a restaurant or bar, your job is to know the menu and the answers to customers' questions. If that means you need to know all the ingredients in a sandwich, you memorize 'em. If it means that, even as a nondrinker, you have to memorize the drinks menu, ESPECIALLY when you work at an Irish bar/restaurant that makes a majority of its money from alcohol sales. I mean, COME ON.So, she lost out on what certainly would have been a higher-margin sale (I was interested in the Warsteiner seasonal, which is undoubtedly more expensive than the local New Belgium Fat Tire), and also indicated to me that the staff at Claddagh aren't well-trained.Finally, for the 2nd round, The Wife ordered another Claddagh Coffee Martini, but directly asked the waitress to "Please make it stronger than the last one." When the martini came out, it was all wrong. First, it was brought out in a snifter (according to the waitress, they had run out of martini glasses. What bar runs out of martini glasses?!). Second, there was a head on the martini (yes, that's right, the martini was frothy). Third, this one was as weak, if not weaker, than the first martini. But hey, at least it was only $7.50 per martini ... If you're interested, I posted a picture of the frothy martini in a snifter in Claddagh's photos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yIWXPPGbePgPup6gz6ttNA?select=nHT8ay6gENgMwnPrIT-dtA#YVXoiIB4ZeKsexBWtGQLwA).Needless to say, I won't ever suggest going to Claddagh, and will try to convince friends to go elsewhere if they invite me there.
3	Beer was good, decor was typical Irishy-pubby. Food was alright. How was you mess up a pour of Guinness?
2	I am visiting Wisconsin and this restaurant is close to the hotel. I love a good Irish pub so walked over. I got the corned beef and cabbage. (pictured). Thin slices of corned beef and chopped cabbage and under done potatoes. Very disappointing. I ordered desert. Also disappointing. Not terrible but so much less than it could have been. Even the service was mediocre. Probably a great place for beer.
3	I always enjoy The Claddagh when I visit. I was there today and the lunch was a decent portion at a good price. The service was also friendly and fast. It is not the sort of place I go out of my way to go to anymore. I use to go very often but we had bad service one time too many. Today was a good surprise. It may be time to give them another shot.
2	They had what sounded like a good special for Valentine Day turned out to be a joke.  Food was of poor quality, and way over priced.  Food in the past was good here.  The place was always busy.  Recent visits not so.  Disappointing.  Cool place for at least drinks, now I dont even consider it as an option.
3	I tend to avoid chain restaurants in favor of more local places, but since moving to the far west side, this has been a bit more difficult. I now rationalize my occasional visits here by only going when there's a draw besides the food and drinks, and that makes it worthwhile. Just don't go on St. Patrick's day, unless a jam-packed anxiety-inducing fiasco is your kind of scene.The ambiance is your standard Irish pub fare - dark wood, heavy tables and chairs, a fireplace of sorts, and random Celtic symbols and signs all over. There are TVs sprinkles throughout the restaurant, mostly concentrated in the bar area. They're often showing international soccer games, though they'll generally show any popular sport, so I've come here for the occasional NFL or NBA game. They don't have the sound on, but they do use closed-captioning (which, incidentally, makes Joe Buck's observations seem even stupider than usual, but I digress). The restaurant itself seems pretty clean, but that's a bit difficult to discern between all of the dark surfaces and dim lighting.The staff is usually cheerful and happy to serve. On occasion, I've been in when the host(ess) is nowhere to be found, but that usually rectifies itself when a server notices me standing there waiting to be seated. They are fairly attentive and helpful, although I was a bit alarmed last week. A bat had gotten in through an open window (this would be one of many reasons why screens on windows are a very good idea in a restaurant), and it was obviously in distress, trying to get out. Bats happen to be my favorite animal, so I was happy when it was able to find its way out by itself and fly off, although not before our server went on a rant to us about how all bats carry rabies and she wanted a tennis racket to "finish it off." Yikes. Occasionally a company will be doing a promo event, so it's a little bracing when the reps come up to your table to bray a commercial for their product. On the other hand, I've gotten free beer samples and swag (like key chains), so there is an upside. They also have Team Trivia of WI every Thursday night, and the host is fantastic.Most of the food is good, but not great. One standout dish, which is especially fantastic during a hot summer evening, is the duck salad. The duck isn't overcooked or greasy, though there isn't too much of it on the salad. The tomatoes, sun-dried cranberries, and oranges complement it well, adding a nice combination of sweet and tart flavors. I recommend the cran-raspberry vinaigrette for a dressing. The Galway and Fruits on the Green salads are also recommended for summer eating. The loaded pub chips are good for sharing, but not as good as the ones at the Brocach (although you can make them better by asking for BBQ sauce and ranch dressing instead of just ketchup). The fried pickles are pretty good, largely because the pickles are in chip form instead of spear form. That equals more crispy goodness and less "sweet Christ on a cracker, that's a torpedo of boiling pickle juice that just burnt my entire mouth." The spinach and artichoke dip is tasty but VERY heavy; I'd save it for cold, rainy fall evenings. Other go-to dishes of mine include the Shepherd's Pie and Chicken Curry. The French Onion Soup isn't bad, but it's quite salty. The Corned Beef & Cabbage is a fairly bland snooze-fest. If you want a burger, go Jameson Burger or go home. The beer selection isn't fantastic, but there's some local stuff on tap. One surprise I found on their generally-overpriced menu is a reasonably-priced flight of whiskeys that were fairly tasty.Overall, this isn't a place I dream about, but it's worth the occasional visit with friends when you're looking to watch a game or play some trivia.
4	Monday Lunch Special: Buy one get one free Fish and Chips.Fish piece was the size of my arm. French fries were thick cut.Malt Vinegar placed at just the right time before I opened my mouth to request it.Wash it all down with a cider or a Guinness on tap.BOOM.Delish.
3	Great service with a smile and genuine warmth, and good food too. I ordered a burger, and my wife ordered fish.The burger came rare, per my request -- and because they make their own patties I was not worried about the health effects that rare ground beef comes with in many restaurants. Fresh bun, nice slice of tomato, so-so lettuce.My wife was not so wild about her fish. It was a single *huge* piece that nade her comment "it looks like half of an entire fish". Maybe a bit of hyperbole on her part, but it was large. Bit too much breading, though.Beer selection was good, and we were there on a Sunday when they have an all-day (and night) happy hour. I had Capital IPA (good!) and my wife had a porter.One thing that this restaurant did not seem to focus on is traditional Irish food. It's on the menu; however based on what I was reading it didn't seem to be a focus. That's fine with me, because Irish food is too heavy for my taste (and besides, I have enough of it when I go to Ireland).I visit here on average 1-2 times per year, which is how often I am in town from Seattle. In other words, it's kind of a go-to joint for me. No, it's not outstanding. But certainly serviceable when in need of food and a good beer. Which is fine by me.
3	We were looking for a fish fry on a Friday night. This location was recommended however it was Cod. It was good. The Scottish eggs are way over priced.... 2 eggs for $9 is steep. Service was good be the restaurant is pricey for my taste. This takes some of the joy out of you meal when the price versus value is exceeded. Service was good and quick however it was too professional for me. More act than personal. Mind you it was good service. We were looking for a more authentic local place typical Wisconsin fish fry.We
1	Worst service of my life. The time between visits from our server was a minimum of 20 minutes every time.
3	I went there during restaurant week.. I got their brochette - it was amazing! I also got the Shepard's pie, which was also delicious... But I ordered a pecan pie for dessert... it was more of a chocolate pie! It was a cookie crust, with chocolate chips, and Hersey soup basically!! With maybe 3 pieces of chopped pecans! SOO DISAPPOINTING.
3	Great drinks and I always love their food.  It is awesome.  Service is bar none and always on point. The Clam Chowder is the best ever.  Go here and have a drink and a smile.
4	Good service, authentic appetizers and great beer selection. Definitely worth stopping in for at least a pint.
4	Finding a restaurant with a fantastic shepherd's pie?  Priceless.It's hard to find a solid Irish place in the midwest.  This place fits the bill very nicely.  Yes, you can get Jameson and Guinness.  Plus fish and chips, and all things Irish.   The menu is pretty solid.  Claddagh is a great choice for an authentic Irish dinner and a good pint to wash it down with.
3	A must for St Patty's day, although I recommend not going for the straight corned beef and potatoes.  Good flavor for the corned beef but the cabbage nor the potatoes had seasoning nor butter.  Was just...ok.  I also went on St Patty's day during lunch.  I was served at the bar and it seemed as though I was always trying to capture one bartender's attention or another.  No one came to check on me unless I looked at them with longing eyes.  I know it was busy, in fact, THE busiest day for them (or one of them).  I will choose another day to try another menu item.
4	I love this place, but I don't seem to get there often enough.  I love me some corned beef, and they do it well!  When you see that cole slaw comes ON the sandwich, try it!  I was hesitant the first time and ordered it on the side (promising to try a few bites on the sandwich).  Oh wow!  I'd love to try other things on the menu, but I hate to deviate from a winner!Great food, excellent beer, and super service.  Worth a stop once in a while.  I can't afford to eat at places like this all the time, but it's a helluva treat when I feel I deserve it! :)While I don't do fish, my folks love their fish fry...
1	I  recently visited Claddagh Irish Pub in Middleton's Greenway Station for a happy hour-munchies thing after work with a pal. We had beer, shared an order of the corned beef and cabbage rolls, and split a "Paddy Mac" sandwich, which is essentially a Reuben. The food was quite good. I especially enjoyed the corned beef and cabbage rolls, which when I went, were similar to a fried wonton that had the fixings of St. Patrick's Day dinner inside. Sort of like an Irish egg roll. Yum. The Reuben was average, but the fries were pretty tasty as well. Service was unremarkable in either a good or a bad way. All said and done, I would usually rank that sort of experience as four stars. Normally, I would definitely return to a restaurant that showed me a good time and had good food. Why then, you ask, is this a one star review? Let me explain.I take major (MAJOR) issue with Claddagh's use of the words "gluten friendly" to describe certain menu items. (Menu items that are often served with bread.)  I presume this was done in an effort to appeal to the now-popular dietary trend of avoiding gluten. The problem with this, Claddagh, is that "gluten friendly" is not a thing. If someone can't eat gluten, then they can't eat gluten. Period. Full stop. Claddagh's use of the term "gluten friendly"  to describe foods that still contain gluten, would be like if JIF Peanut Butter made a new type of peanut butter that was 50% peanuts and 50% almonds...and then tried to market the new product as "Peanut Allergy Friendly". Does that make sense? Although I personally find  vague claims of "gluten intolerance" dubious, especially when the person has never had a problem eating gluten before, there are definitely people with a **medical diagnosis** of Celiac's disease who absolutely, under no circumstances, can consume gluten. I feel that Claddagh's attempt at marketing its menu to appeal to the "gluten-free" dietary trend could harm people who actually need to avoid gluten for important medical reasons. Even if it's not a life or death situation, people who wish to avoid gluten should be allowed to do so without having to jump through hoops and worry about being tricked by menus. It's majorly unethical to twist words to imply that a thing is something that it's not. This is especially true when the item in question (food) has the potential to directly impact a person's health. Claddagh: fix your menu. If you want to offer gluten-free options, then please do so. However, referring to a spinach-artichoke dip appetizer served with crostini or to a hamburger served on a wheat bun , or even to your fish fry, which is battered in flour as "gluten friendly", is unethical. People have a right to know what's in their food, and this feels like a deliberate attempt to mislead people in the name of making more money.
5	Had a couple wonderful experiences here. Tried the fish and chips, pretty good, but the steak was absolutely amazing! Service has been wonderful and the atmosphere is comfortable. I would come here with friends anytime.
2	Food was so so- I got their Jameson burger. It was a strange texture And I don't even know why they ask how you want the burgers cooked I got mine medium rate and it looked the same as everyone else's. Cool ambiance great draft selection, live music- all good things, but what really really turned me off was the service and the fact that you are not served on a plate. You get your food in a bucket and on a paddle. Maybe for some folks that's ok, not my style it was totally awkward to eat off of.
5	I stop here occasionally, but the menu keeps getting better and better!Had the beef stew today and it is DELICIOUS. It's not really stew in the sense that you would think. It's more of a rich beef sauce with an equal amount of shredded beef. Included mashed potatoes in the middle with bread on the side to sop up the remaining sauce. Brie appetizer was totally worth it.Service was quick and very pleasant,  but it's a quiet Sunday afternoon. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed!
5	Gallway clam chowder, Irish shepherd pie, and Kaliber (NA) beer made by Guinness, with good Irish music, great wait staff. Loving this place!
2	Stopped at Claddagh tonight.  We had not been there in over a year so we decided to give it a try.  The good...boddingtons on tap is good as were the pub chips.  On the bad, very bad,  side were the fish from the fish and chips and the "legendary" monte cristoThe fish was bone dry.  I know the fish was probably frozen and thawed,  but this seemed like it was frozen during the last ice age.  Really bad.  The monte cristo was quite odd as it was in a dome of dough and covered with powdered sugar.   Certainly only a legend in the mind of the menu's author.  Do not order it.So, skip the food st Claddagh and just have a boddingtons.
2	What kind of "Irish Pub" has a "Faux Greek Salad" but not Bangers and Mash?
4	at first I was a little worried. I don't like traditional Irish food and There was also some confusion about whose table we were at. After that was finally figured out the service was pretty good. The server was friendly. We got the bruschetta as an appetizer. It was good. Nothing to special and the bread could have been a little crispier. I got the hummus platter as my entree. Wow this was amazing. It was so good! Prices are reasonable.
5	Stopped here for dinner one night when we were apartment searching in the Middleton area. Had the friendliest server, who gave honest recommendations on what's best to try on the menu. The beer was excellent and the prices are pretty good. If you can, try the corned beef & cabbage rolls (appetizer). We loved them. Also worth noting they do have outside seating.I've been here before for the live music, which is also great, but never for the food. I'll certainly be coming back.
5	Shepherd's pie about 25000 calories but sooooo good!!! Very nice staff, but no live music available that night.
5	Went there for a family reunion of sorts, watched the notre dame game , listened to a great band. Had wonderful service thanks to shelley, great drinks, food and loved the jameson cheezecake, we will be back next time we visit madison
5	So tonight, my parents took me, and the girlfriend out for a late birthday (mine) celebration.   It was our first visit there, and boy was I impressed.  Let's point out a few key things!The Seating.  The five of us got placed in this big booth that gave us plenty of leg room, and table space!  A plus on the seating arrangements!  The authentic Irish music:  David Bowie, Men Without Hats, Lou Reed.   When I hear these names I immediately think of Ireland!   The scenery:  It looks like an Irish pub, if you didn't realize the ceiling was painted to look like wood grain, you would have sworn it was an old Irish pub built inside a fairly new building!   Old books, paintings, photos and stained glass galore, and not to mention a fancy bar.  It's a pity I don't drink!  We picked two appetizers.  Cheese curds, and the loaded "pub chips."    I myself tried the Veggie Burger.  It was hand made, and tasted quite good.  Like any authentic Irish Veggie Burger, it falls right out of the bun.   It comes with a side of pub chips (fries), which once again, they're spot on.  Ireland has a lot of potatoes.    My girlfriend had the authentic Irish Monte Cristo that came with the authentic chips as well.I think everyone at the table was quite pleased with what they picked, and I would say I would come back again, plus the Cheeseburger in Paradise next door is out of business, so we wouldn't have deal with those parrot head wanna be beach bums!
