5	Absolutely amazing salon! The decor and the layout make the place look high-class and elite which is nothing short of what the salon truly is. Wonderful staff who are always sweet and up-beat with great product knowledge and always have answers for my questions. The equipment alone had me sold, better than what most salons around offer and much more reasonable prices. I love also how they don't tie me down with a bunch of different sign-up and cancellation fees. I'd recommend Celebrity to everyone!
1	Its a nice place, newer beds, radios don't work. Front desk girls are nice..however, management is horrible. Called 3x and even went in for someone to answer a question about being charged a certain amount. Left a message on the main phone for the owner and the girls at the front desk even took my information down twice. It's been a month and a half and no one called. Not a company who I will do business with any longer. Such a shame because it is a nice place.
1	The beds are old.  No new equipment.  No radios.  But it is so close to my house.  I signed up for a package in February and they told me that I could put it on hold for the summer and use it again in the winter.  So I noticed on Friday that my card was charged anyway. I called right away and left a message for the manager with Andra.  Andra said that I am on hold until Sept and has no idea why I was charged.  Andra said she would email the manager to call me.  No call back.  Called that night and spoke to Kylie, she said she would call the managers cell phone and I should get a call the next day.  No call back.  Called this morning again and spoke to Andra again and she said she has done everything she can and she cant help it that the manager wont call me back.  This is ridiculous.  I just called my credit card company and put a fraud alert on it and they will fight it with them.  Do not sign up for a package that auto renews as they obviously do not know how to handle it.
1	BEWARE!!!!!! I had a very bad experience today with a employee named kylee at the bell location. There was a girl named Kylee whom I was asking information about the beds. She didn't know anything and was uneducated on the products. I purchased a membership here to get ready for a special event. I asked her about a particular high pressure bed and she just pointed - it's over there. I went in the bed and it started automatically while I was still dressed, which I know can happen. I asked her to restart it and then I was in the bed and she never explained how to use it being this is a foreign bed to me. As I'm standing outside the bed trying to figure out where the controls are the bed started and kept shutting off- may I remind you I haven't tanned in it yet- I asked her if she could please put me in the bed I usually go in because she wasn't being very helpful with this other one on how to work it. She said she can't tan me anymore because they computer won't let me. I NEVER got to get a tan for my event tomorrow and asked for a managers number and she said she is the one in charge and they don't have a manager which I find hard to believe. I don't think they appreciate people's business after this encounter I had and for her to not be able to reset the bed or to call a manager to see if there is anything she can do for me was absolutely ridiculous! I am extremely angry at how I was treated today with the money I have spent over the years here.
4	I purchased a groupon for 3 spray tans. I had been in once before and the girl was super nice (don't know her name). She had told me that I had a free tan in the bed the next time I came in. I needed a little glow for a vacation, so I figured since I didn't have much color (well any color actually) I would double-dip (tan & spray). So I brought my groupon in and a girl named Kylie was working. I asked her name because she was so helpful (I've had some REALLY bad customer service in the past at tanning salons). Anyways, I was surprised when I went to write this review that someone had a bad experience with her. She was so nice & helpful. Gave advice about the spray tan (what level I should do and extras...she wasn't over selling it either) and genuinely wanted me to achieve the results I was looking for. I told her that the last time I was in, the girl told me I had a free tan. She set me all up in their best bed. She walked me to the room and instructed me on how to use it. Then was really helpful with the spray tan. I thought her customer service was great! I worked at tanning salons when I was younger so I know what kind of service they should provide. The only thing was my hands are a little dark (guess I need more barrier cream next time...lol) & as a new customer neither gave me a tour of the salon...which is really tanning salon basics and shows what the salon has to offer. Other then that, I was so happy & impressed with my tan (and the equipment, although not sure what the lower levels are like)! I know...it's the little things in life :).
5	I really enjoy all of the Celebrity locations but ever since Daryn started managing this salon it's one of the best. I have never had a bad experience here and the customer service is top notch. The beds are high quality and always clean. The prices are very fair and they also do not make you sign a contract when you sign up for a membership. The decor is also super cute!!
5	Celebrity tanning make me feeI, wel... Like a celebrity! I  get a great color and my friends and clients constantly ask me if I do a lot of outdoor actives (haha do they know me????) because I have such a natural looking tan. I wish I could say it was from running and hiking, but I can't lie! I blame celebrity tan for my golden, summer ready, glowing skin! There is rarely a wait for my favorite  beds, staff is knowledgable and kind, they care about you as an individual. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
1	One star because there is no lesser choice. My daughter went here for ONE SPRAY TAN. The employee that helped her stole her debit card number and signed her up for a bogus monthly account. We did not catch this until 6 months after the fact. $16.50 a month. We have filed a complaint and are taking legal action if they do not refund this in full. DO NOT GO HERE!If you cannot trust a merchant with your debit card info, how can you trust them with your skin?"Integrity is what you do when no one is looking"
3	So I'm updating this to 3 stars because the corporate office finally refunded all of the money that was removed from my daughters bank account from the bogus tanning club sign up. Just beware everyone. Look over your statements every month and be careful that you are not signed up for something you did not want when using your debit card. Thanks for correcting this wrong Celebrity.
