5	I love Ace Hardware. It is like an old-fashioned hardware store; not like your big box Lowes or Home Depot. It's small and quaint and the same four people work there every day. And, if you go in enough times, I suspect it would be like walking into the Cheer's bar  -- where everybody knows your name. The fact is, Ace Hardware has just as much stuff as those other huge home improvement stores. They just don't carry as much of a selection or stock as many items. Nevertheless, every time I have some sort of home repair need, they always have exactly what I'm looking for.You walk in, are greeted by the friendly cashier and asked what you are looking for. And just as quickly as you can say "thingamajig," they show you were it's at. Now that is what I call service.  No need to stand around waiting for someone to help you or go searching the entire 50,000 square foot store for one small item. Nope, like the jingle proclaims.. "Ace is the place!" And, by golly, it is!
5	Awesome customer service. I walked in the front door and was immediately greeted by a smiling employee. She asked what I needed, then pulled it off the shelf and checked me out in under 3 minutes. Very cool.
5	Best ACE in the valley! I'll fight you if you say other wise.I've been coming since I was lik 5 years old! The ppl have changed and the name has changed almost 4 times ...Berry's, Charlie's..i dont remember. But what has not changed is the friendly service. I have a soft spot for jovial and sarcastic employees. Probably because that is the kind of employee I am. The resounding implications of happy employees is a quick indicator IF I will return or not. The product maybe sub-par and the place could look a little torn up...but the ppl get me every time. I am sure I am not alone in this.Thanks ACE!R\_
2	I had a detailed conversation with two employees about exterior light bulbs and both of them ensured me that the indoor bulbs that they suggested would be fine for outdoor use. The first time it rained most of the bulbs broke or cracked just as I had imagined they would. I should not have listened to the staff at this place as they seemed eager to say whatever would get me to the register to get my money.
4	The service here is awesome.Cool little hardware store.
5	Everyone here is cooler than a polar bears toe nails. Everyone very helpful and the old man there knows everything about everything.
4	This is a pretty small store, but its the closest one to my house and they have great service and everything you need.Yes, it's a little cramped inside, but that's good because unlike the big home improvement stores, you're not wandering endlessly looking for someone to help. In fact, you are greeted right as you come in the door and you can't go down more than one aisle without being offered help.When I just can't find the right size bolt, nut, or screw among the stuff I already have or I just need some other item quickly, this is my go-to store. If you're in the area, check it out.
3	This store has everything, but its a bit pricier than Home Depot.  One complaint I have about this store is that the register checkout is always really slow.  I'm not sure why.  The Ace Hardware at Missouri and 7th Ave is a much nicer and quicker experience, but this location does seem to offer better prices.
5	Very helpful staff, if they don't have what you need, you can go online, order it and have it shipped (for free) to the store.  Really like the neighborhood feel I get when I stop in.
2	Small cheap place that can't seem to keep the same owners, I guess no one can scrape out a living by owning this place. The one thing that has been consistent over the years are the backwards goobers that work here, so if that's your kind of place, have at it! I've been here a few times over the years when I've needed something to do repairs on my condo when I haven't felt like driving to Home Depot, which of course is better. But maybe I'll keep returning from time to time to see whose the latest bumpkin to own the place. Yeeehaaa!
5	I am sure Dan G. has never met the owner of this store, and it is obvious that he does not have many good things to say about the places he visits. This store has had the same owner since 2003, one of the nicest people I have ever met. As for goobers, if that is what Dan want's to call them, they are the most helpful and Knowledgeable people I have had the pleasure to deal with. Sounds like Dan should skip this place and go straight to Home Depot, I'm sure he gets the best customer service there, we all know that.Charlie B.
5	Barry's ACE Hardware at 1929 W Glendale Ave 85021 has the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE of anywhere I have been in a long time. The heat wasn't working in our leased space and I was desperate for a couple of space heaters for our continuing education classroom.  We are right up the street from Barry's ACE Hardware but had no way to pick them up.  Mason answered the phone and helped me choose the right heaters and then for a nominal fee, delivered them to our classroom.  All this took place in about 30 minutes.  Our students can finally get warmed up and continue their weekend reflexology class.  This is Sat morning and there is a only a very slim chance the central heat will be fixed before next week.  Thank you, Barry's ACE hardware and special thanks to Mason & the friendly woman at the cash register.  Mary Ellen Brown, Partner; Healing Arts Connection Continuing Education Center.
