5	I can't believe how awesome this company is.  I live in Phoenix, Arizona and some really nice salesperson knocked on my door. I am very eager to slam the door on salespeople, but this guy led with such a compelling introduction about how he had been working in the area with my neighbors and would I care to know what he was doing with their roofs, etc.  I thought he was pleasant and not pushy at all, so we chatted for a while and agreed to a free assessment and potentially processing insurance claim if the roof qualified for replacement due to a severe thunderstorm that had taken place about 6 months prior.As planned, the various steps for assessing the damage and qualifying for the insurance coverage were timely, well done and very professional. Every Jasper employee we met was so personable, easy to communicate with and terribly eager to assist us as necessary to ensure we were receiving the highest level of roofing replacement possible.The roof came with a 30 Year Warranty on the Owens Corning Shingles and a 2 year Labor Warranty from Jasper.  The really amazing thing is that Jasper totally stands behind their warranty! We have these pesky skylights that are terribly leak prone, and they always have been.  Jasper has had to come out and fix the roof and test the flashing and repair the sealant for the area around these skylights, and then when Jasper broke part of the skylight, they replaced BOTH SKYLIGHTS free of charge.  All cracks and wear and tear are gone, and we have these gorgeous new skylights along with an amazing new roof!I have worked with quite a few folks, but Brad, the area manager, had to come on the line to hear my woes about the broken skylight and he was immediately out to our site and had already pre-purchased the skylight domes himself.  What a GREAT company Jasper Contracting is. I highly recommend them to anyone who needs a new roof.
1	SCAM ARTISTS... WATCH OUT FOR THESE STORM CHASERS!So these guys have been trolling our neighborhood in East Mesa (which got ZERO hail last year) and caught my husband outside.  They proceeded to tell him they can only stop and talk to people outside and gave him a giant spiel on how we needed our roof and our AC replaced and how easy that would be through our insurance.One... I work in insurance and filing their bogus claim would either cause our premiums to skyrocket or our policy to be cancelled and two... my husband is a roofer and told them straight up they were full of it and to stop scaring our (mostly) elderly) neighbors with their BS.They haven't... I see three-four trucks a day trolling this street... and we get calls regularly from our neighbors asking my husband to check out their roofs to see if what they are being told is legit... and guess what?  Not a single one of their "omg your roof is going to fall in" stories is legit.Storm chasers... guess what the company my husband works for (here in the Valley for 20 years) does most?  Replace roofs under a year old that these out of state fear mongers told homeowners they needed replaced.  In most cases zero repairs were needed, but instead people got swindled and needed their roof redone by a legit, instate contractor less than a year later.Buyer beware... check out where the company promising you everything is from and ask yourself if you really want to do business with a storm chaser.
1	DO NOT CALL THESE FOLKSThey do not stand behind their work since we have had "catastrophic events" since the roof repair in 2010.  In addition, they will not repair the roof that they replaced since they have "pulled out of the Phoenix Market"Ralph is the primary contact and while he's nice, he won't be able to do anything to help you at all.
