1	Rude & UnprofessionalI sent my daughter in with the sandwich card ready to be redeemed - it was a little old so she asked if she could use it before ordering.  Apparently the owner Mike Egan felt that the card had been stolen and falsified because the signatures were not consistent with his methods.  He assumed the worst and was extremely rude and hostile to my daughter, treating her as a criminal.  I spoke to Mr. Egan and as expected he denied treating her in such a fashion regardless of the other eye witness accounts.  He stated that because there were so many of the same stamps/signatures it looked suspicious.  Well yes Mr. Egan I have 7 people in my family, we buy 7 sandwiches at one time so the stamping and signatures would be consistent for a transaction of 7. Rather than ask questions, he was a bully.I had previously heard rumors that he mistreats his employees, is rude and has even had employees quit on the spot.  After this incident I believe the rumors and don't doubt any of the witnesses.  While he has a right to deny using a card, he doesn't have the right to traumatize my daughter (or anyone else) which is exactly what he did.   I can assure everyone that I will take my business to the local Subway for now on.
4	I now prefer Port O Subs over Subway.  The food just seems to taste better.  I use this location when I am at home and never had any problems walking in and getting my food fast.  Sometimes there is a line when its around lunch time but they are quick to make up what I want.  Everytime I walk in they always say hello and don't keep you waiting if your the only one there.  Location nice and parking is easy since its a little further down from the grocery store so you can usually find a spot up front.
4	Fresh and tasty sandwiches just like any other Port of Subs location. When I went over the weekend, however, this one was a little slow because only 2 people were working, but there wasn't a crowd of customers either so it wasn't too bad. Still got my food in a reasonable amount of time
3	They have a big sign stating that the meat is never prepackaged or pre-sliced.  I ordered pastrami.  And it was prepackaged and pre-sliced.  She pulled it our from a fridge.  It was in a cup.  So much for that gimmick. The bread wasn't very fresh.  The ladies were friendly.  The food was ok. No better than a Subway.
5	I love this port of subs location. Its the best location I've been to by far. I understand that when your busy, you can't give the best costumer service. And I guess some people don't know the idea of pre-close?? Overall the food was great, the people there are awesome and I will surely come back soon.
3	Generous servings. Sandwich is good. Service is good. Would come back for a second visit.
1	I am truly disappointed and appalled with the customer service I received Yesterday, 9/05/14 around 6:45 pm. I love Port of Subs and the fact that this is the closest location to me; however this establishment clearly could care less about their Customer Service. I walked into Port of Subs with my boyfriend after having excellent customer service next door at "Shall We Play?" (A Family Board Game Store, which I highly recommend visiting). When we first walked into Port of Subs, it was as if we were ALREADY doing or asking for too much. There were two young men and a short frumpy girl with glasses working the floor. The girl was nonchalantly posted up against the wall by the young man, serving a Mother and her young daughter. I don't know what rubbed me wrong the most...The fact that they all physically turned their heads to see us walk in without saying Hello (I mean the shop next door was busier than this place and the man running the store was more courteous. He took the time to Welcome and wish everyone who walked in a good day) or the fact that she laughed obnoxiously while she watched us walk in, like we were already wasting our time. We proceeded to give them the benefit of the doubt, considering it was dead and they close up at 9:00 pm. We made it to the beginning of the line and waited for some sort of acknowledgement that we would be helped soon, but STILL no one spoke to us. The girl was clearly being lazy and had this "I don't give a shit attitude" and walked away from the wall as we made it to the beginning of the line. She then literally began doing all her closing duties right in front of us with about TWO HOURS left before closing. I don't know where she learned how to work or who taught her "Customer Service" but they need to get rid of the cancer in that store. It's apparent I am not the first to report this girl's attitude and how horrible the shop is ran, which is why I am surprised they are still in business! Anyway, we proceeded to wait about 15 minutes or so until the young man poked his head into the back and waved the other employee out for some help. "Finally" (I thought) but the girl halted him back and flat out said in front of us, "No don't worry about it, they can wait. Go, Go! ". I couldn't believe this girl! She was really making us wait for NO REASON, other than the fact that she didn't want to be there and was too lazy to DO HER JOB.  I have worked in hospitality for years and this has been the worst experience I have had in awhile! When I heard that remark I was disgusted and asked my boyfriend if he was ready to leave, since it was clear they did not want to serve us (for whatever reason). When we turned to leave the store, the girl laughed rudely and said, "See!" as if we fell for her plan.People like her don't deserve to be employed and it is disappointing to see them take advantage of an opportunity they were GIVEN, clearly she didn't EARN it.  Her job is obviously too hard to handle and people who take advantage of their Employer like this should no longer BE employed! She got everything SHE wanted, but what about the Customers? I couldn't believe she was okay with how she represented herself and this establishment. I guess we should have walked out the minute they "acted" like they were too busy to say "Hi, we will be right with you!" But as a regular of Port of Subs, I was expecting to be in and out with satisfactory service. I will never waste my business or hard earned money ever again at this Port of Subs location. To the General Manager of this store, I would advise hiring some hard workers who would appreciate the opportunity of employment and truly benefit your location. That unhappy girl (and I say girl because she clearly is not mature enough to work) needs to go, because that will be your downfall. Definitely won't EVER recommend someone to visit this location, but I will be back to ensure that my review and the previous customer reviews are heard. If that girl is STILL there after all the reviews she ALONE is accumulating, then I  think the only appropriate action would be to contact the Corporate Office as well as the BBB if they can't make this simple change on their own.
5	Port of subs is the greatest place to eat at. This port of subs is the best one to go to. they serve great food and have the best service.
1	This will be the last time I spend money in a Port of Subs. Order taking was awful!! None of us got what we wanted and don't even ask about grilling it!!
5	I'm here twice a week with my kids. Best Port of Subs I've ever been in. They always know my order and the staff addresses us by name. So great.
1	Went to this port of subs since it is near my sisters house. There were about 5 people working at that time about 1:45 pm. We were greeted as we entered and the workers appeared nice. We ordered five sandwiches. The female worker and a flamboyant male began talking to themselves and it was apparent they were talking about the number of sandwiches or something similar. I was upset and asked if there was a problem. The female stated they were talking about the sweater my son was wearing. I told her whatever and paid for the food.  I find it very disrespectful for the workers to talk about the customers.  I will definitely take this further.
5	Best Port of Subs ever. Everyone there is super nice and everything is fresh. The soup is also really good. I highly recommend to go to this location.
