3	It is kind of hard to give a chain drug store four or five stars.  They are not exactly exciting places to shop!  I suppose one always goes to them out of convenience and necessity, and probably nothing more.  But I like this Rite-Aid.  It is open 24 hours.  It generally has what I'm looking for.  It seems clean enough and the staff is friendly.  A solid three-star performer.
3	I hope that Rite-Aid doesn't go out of business.  It's so convenient having this store right around the corner from home!  Especially on days like today when I'm home with a headcold and I need some cold remedies.
3	Well now that the Medicine Shoppe near me as closed (Boo!) and I'm sometimes too lazy to drag my carcass to the one on Centre Avenue, I guess this place will have to do.  I'm so glad this is one that Rite Aid hasn't closed (yet!).  I prefer this place to the pharmacy at Giant Eagle.  So being that I'm traveling tomorrow for an extended weekend, I stopped here for a few last-minute items.  Sunscreen, glucose tablets, batteries, etc.  It's convenient enough!
3	It's one of those weird stores that has a little bit of everything that you need.  I needed beef jerky and a sewing kit.  I got both.
4	I really like this Rite Aid.  It's sort of hilarious to me to rate pharmacies, but seriously, this one is nice.  They just renovated it so it is all shiny and clean.  They have a good selection of lots of things.  And one of the staff in particular - don't know her name - pretty young, wears glasses, she's super friendly and funny and will help you look for what you need, then have a silly conversation with you about it.We love having it right around the corner!  And they have parking, which we don't need, but you might!
3	Convenient: yes.  With their 24 hour store hours and a little bit of this and that, you're sure to be able to use this place in a pinch.Friendly: meh.  You're just another customer, no different from the last person that was just in there.Prices are the usual for a drug store.
5	i love all rite aid stores 20% off
4	Their pharmacy is open 24 hours a day, the have a great variety of cosmetics, and the staff are always normally friendly / helpful. What's not to like!
2	Not a fan.  I try to avoid the pharmacy.......
5	I live super close to this Rite Aid and probably visit it at least once per day.  First of all, it's actually open 24/7, including the pharmacy.  I've gotten to know a number of the employees over the past couple of years and they're really nice people.  In the middle of a snowstorm last year, one of the cashiers, Martin, actually gave me his own personal windshield scraper when the store was out of them, telling me not to worry about returning it because he had an extra at home.  When I thanked him a bunch of times, his only response was "you're welcome - it's not hard to do the right thing!". On principle my experience at this store, and with Martin in particular, has made me a loyal Rite Aid customer for life.
4	Went here the other day to get some medicine for our cat. The pharmacist was really helpful telling us all about the different discounts we could get to pay for her medicine. Without her help we would have easily paid double for what we got. The staff here is very helpful and the customer service was amazing!
