5	Great staff who loves your pet as much as you do! Took one of my dogs to get vaccs two weeks ago, saw Dr. Pflaum, he's great with my happy hyper pup! Took my other dog in today for vaccs & she saw Dr. Coady, he is awesome! He noticed some tartar on my dog's teeth & I asked him if I should get a dental cleaning & he told me what I could do since it's not too bad yet. He told me if I do this, I'll never have to get a dental cleaning. I like honesty & help in saving $! The entire staff is great! There are a few ladies that work up front, all very nice, Becky is always a sweetheart! The prices are also very good! Exam fee just $10! Bordetella $10! Rabies $10 & DPP $20! I'd recommend them to anyone! Thanks Horizon!
5	I take my dogs for many years and have gotten great services.It is hard to get an appt. because they are very busy,They are the only vet that has not tried to rip me off.
1	the worst!!!!
5	My 2yr old boxer started coughing sat after office hrs. I left a message and the veterinarian himself called me back and but my worries at ease!  Great customer service. I take all my pets there.
4	When we moved here from back east, we naively wondered what concerns we would have with our dog, a lab/shepherd mix, in the desert (scorpions, aridity, etc.).  I called Horizon Vet Clinic, our local vet and, despite Jimmy not being a patient there, they were happy to discuss my concerns.  The tech told me that the first visit was free and he'd be happy to schedule Jimmy for a "meet and greet" and checkup.  Dr. Pflaum was very friendly and patient and answered all of our (silly) questions.  He gave us great advice that's saving us a ton of money, which we're extremely grateful for (re: food, the fact that ticks and fleas aren't a real concern here and we can stop his monthly medications, etc.).  Jimmy was very happy there (except when they took his temperature).  We'll definitely use Horizon Veterinary Clinic for as long as we're in Henderson.
1	HORRIBLE!   One of the WORST places I've ever been to in my life!!!!  Last week, I made an appointment to take my dog in because I thought he might have mites.  I told the woman when I made the appointment that I wanted to have a skin scraping to make sure.  I let her know that I was concerned about some of the negative reviews and she replied, "some of those reviews aren't even ours and people are just crazy, and there are people you can't please".  I walked in about 10 minutes early, signed in and then was taken to a room.  They told me the doctor would come soon.  I waited about 10-15 minutes.  Dr. Pflaum came into the room and asked what he could do for me.  I told him what I was there for.  He looked at me and told me that he thought my dog had mites without even touching my dog or looking closely.  He acted as if he didn't want to even touch my dog.  He then told me that he was extremely busy and couldn't do anything for me and that I would have to come back the next week.  I told him that I had driven clear across town to see them.  He said "oh, bless your heart".  He left the room, got on the phone and came back in to let me know that a dermatologist couldn't see me either.  WTH!  He said all of his bins were full and he just couldn't do anything! I told him that someone in his office should have told me that there were not going to be able to do anything.  That's why you make an appointment!!! I left and the woman at the desk didn't even look up or say sorry or anything! Total Joke!!  I ended up driving to the other end of town by my house and seeing another vet.  My dog DID NOT have mites!  He had a skin infection. This place is a joke!  Professional people don't make appointments and tell you they don't have time to do anything for you. Period!
1	HORRIBLE! The vet actually yelled at me in the front office about seeking a second opinion. Was very upset that I would seek other than solely his opinion before I did surgery! Ridiculous! Would not trust to perform surgery or do anything but shots!! DO NOT GO!
1	This vet is fine for vaccinations. If you have a sick or injured pet, go anywhere else. My dog was seriously ill and rather than admit that he was incapable of treating the dog, he almost killed him. When released, my dog was worse than when he went in. He's better now with his new vet. I have lived all over the valley and have never had a problem with a vet until here. He should not be in practice. Please take your pet anywhere else! I wish I could give no stars!
1	Took my pitbull in to get blood work, he has been acting very different and having episodes were he would start biting everything and then come to and start shaking. We are very concerned. We took him in and the vet didn't even touch the dog and started to tell us what he thinks is wrong with him. He thinks he has epilepsy. We asked what are our options. He told us we had to wait for it to get worse before we put him on any medication. He also told us we would have to get a scan of his brain to be sure if  that is the cause for these "episodes" and that no where in Nevada is there a place to get that done. He then waved papers in front of our dogs face and our dog got frightened and starting barking viciously. The vet hid behind the door and yelled at us telling us our dog is a liability and extremely aggressive. I just want a vet who can help us and give us options for our 3 year old pit mix. Not scream at us from behind a door and frighten him even more.. Never will I go back here. The vet tech seemed more knowledgeable than the vet. The vet was very insensitive and didn't seem like a dog lover at all...
5	I've been taking my two dogs and one cat here for three years now! Sherman had is eyes and ears taken care of, castration, and shots.  My weiner dog got a dental, nails, shots,glands,and exam and my cat got a shots and hernia removal.  All times went well with my pets. The staff is great. We love Becky, Doc k, doc pflaum, and the rest! Caring, CLEAN, and cheap!
3	Dr. Pflaum and staff have been seeing my animals for almost 10 years.  I've never had problems with the doctors.  I've had some issues with the staff over the years (missing records, lost checks, bad attitudes), but I've noticed an improvement in the past couple years.  Becky is wonderful! We board our dogs there at least once a year.  The price is very reasonable and now that my dogs are getting older, it is a comfort to know help is close by, if needed.  My only beef is they started charging an office visit fee (hence the 3 stars).  I realize it is common practice, but it has kept me from taking my dogs in as often as I should.
1	I took my dog in there because she was having a hard time breathing. We told the doctor and she just looked at us like we had to heads. She just let my dog lay there for a good 15 minutes before she even made any suggestions. She said it could be this or that but didn't try to help her at that immediate minute. She was dying and we were so unhappy with this Vet and we recommend you don't take your dog to this clinic.
1	Brought my dog to Horizon because a friend recommended them. My boxer had 3 tumors that were cancer and a small non cancer tumor on her eye. Cost was lower than anyone else but Dr. Phlam did not go wide in removing the tumors. It is always recommended to go 2.3 cm and he went 1.2 cm so he left cancer according to lab reports. He refused to redo the surgery to get the rest. He was very negative and rude insinuating that my dog would probably die in 2 years anyway. Got a second and third opinion and was told my boxer had an excellent prognosis. Another doctor is fixing what he did this morning. The first surgery was $400 a waste of money and pain my dog was put through. Now another $700 to redo the surgery. I do not trust Horizon Animal Clinic and will never go there again.
