4	Talk about a random find. This place is right behind Soyo and the new Windmill library. Who knew?They hold monthly food fairs to raise moneys for their mortgage. Coz even the monks gots bills to pay. I stopped by for some Pad Thai, some sort of lychee drink, and some desserts. The food's not mind-blowing, but it's a nice way to spend your Sunday morning and support our local culture. You are welcome to take off your shoes and go inside the monastery.For their event schedule, visit http://www.chaiyacmm.org/.
5	Love the monthly food fairs. Everyone is very friendly and ready to explain everything.
5	This is actually for the Thai street food thing that they have every month. All the food was amazing, and for the price it was well worth it.Pad Thai - for 5 dollars you can have possibly some of the best pad thai in Vegas.Fish Ball and Beef noodle soup - same price, 5 bucks, amazing soup.
4	this is the review for the food festival not the temple itself.Went to the monthly food festival today to try it out. driving up and see the food stands i thought to myself that it was going to be a bunch of horrible tasting food. little did i know i was completely wrong! There is no entrance fee unlike other food festivals which is awesome. You exchange money into "tokens" and use them to buy food. All the food ranges from 1-5 dollars with $5 being your bigger food items like pad thai and fish ball noodles. Things i tried were the pork skewers, pad thai, fishball noodles, pancake thing with butter and condensed milk, other pancake thing with leeks and thai ice tea.All the food was great my favorite was the pancake thing with butter and condensed milk. i would definitely go back to get that. second favorite was the pork skewers at $1 each this was a steal! thai ice tea $2 also a steal. definitely one of my favorite out of all the food festivals
5	I've been meaning to try their monthly fundraiser for a while, so glad I finally did. Super cheap and delish food prepared mostly to order by cute little Thai grandmas. Huge portion of mango sticky rice for $6 - everything else maxed out at $5. We tried chicken pad thai, pork and chicken satay for $1/skewer, and papaya salad which my friend says was the best he's ever had. We got a bunch of asstd snacks, mostly coconutty things for $1-$2. They had flower like things just like Hawaii style Chinese pretzels, and steamed cakes like Filipino poto. Can't wait to go back next month 5/19! Btw cash only of course.
5	I was amazingly surprised to see my childhood monk's monastery on yelp.I grew up being raised Buddhist, so I went to numerous monasteries in the Las Vegas area. This is by far the best Buddhist temple in Las Vegas. The decor is beautiful inside and it is very spacious so you aren't crammed next to each other when you meditate. Arjahn Chaiya, the lead monk is extremely helpful when you want to learn about the Buddhist religion; he does not come off strong like most religious practitioners, which is a big plus. He is very respectful of other religions and beliefs.Although I do not practice Buddhism any more, I still come to pay my respects to Arjahn Chaiya, but I also come for the monthly food fair that is popularly reviewed on yelp. Some of the food is good, but not spectacular; however, the items that are there every month that are AMAZING are the Moo Yahng (Pork Skewers) and Guay Tiew Nam (Rice Noodle Soup). All in all, its a nice, spacious, and beautiful monastery to practice Buddhism and it is a delicious cultural find!
4	FOOD FESTIVAL REVIEW not the templeGreat food and very friendly people, I was surprised to find out it was a block from me and never knew about it haha .It starts early and you do not have to wait long for food and there is no problem with the parking lot either.food is mostly made right in front of you so it is very fresh! one demerit point from me because some people making the food also handle the money .... They have gloves on but do not change them. Im ok though I didn't die or got the runs so I will be back for more! ( I just hope they get this post haha )
5	Awesome! They are soooo friendly too. :))))
2	This review is only about meditation in the Temple.While attending a conference on The Strip, i chose to attend Chaiya's 9AM meditation. I sit for Vipassana style meditation every morning, and thought it might be nice to join others at this authentic temple.The temple is beautiful, filled with many-colored Buddha statues and about 50 folks on mats, mostly women and entirely Asian - I was the only white American sitting. The setting seemed conducive to a lovely meditation...except for one thing; noise.The entire hour, women in an adjoining room were talking very loud. No one seemed to mind or find it necessary to ask them for silence during the meditation hour. Several "meditators" also continued walking through the hall, sometimes ruffling noisy plastic bags. But the clincher was that the monks thought nothing odd about having the main phone & answering machine right there in the room, bell ringing loudly while 3 calls came in, complete with the audible outgoing message and loud response from whomever was leaving incoming messages. I know some meditation tradititions encourage meditating with eyes partially open & allowing lifes natural noises to be heard, but a ringing phone and answering machine right there in the meditation room?Is that really a wise choice in a place where the object is to turn inward and experience a quiet mind??
5	"Do good and be good; not to do any evil, to cultivate good, to purify one's mind- this is the teaching of the Buddhas." -CMM websiteChaiya Meditation Monastery hosts a monthly food fair that many attend for the inexpensive, tasty Thai food, with proceeds going towards paying the monastery's mortgage.  I've been to the food fair several times, but never really looked around the monastery grounds until this month.  Visitors are welcome to cross the colorful bridge and explore the outdoor meditation area that is obviously well-tended to by the monks and nuns who reside at the monastery.  At the time I walked through, it was only myself and one of the monks was there, doing a little gardening.  It's not a very large area, but it does have several beautiful Buddhist statues, a pavilion, a golden tower, and sidewalks that visitors can walk along to see this intimate place of worship.  According to the website, the monastery offers daily meditation classes that are open to the public, one from 9:00am-10:00am and another from 5:00-6:00pm.  For more info, go to www.chaiyacmm.org.I'm definitely not an expert on Buddhism, but from what I've seen of the monastery, it's obvious that the goal of providing a tranquil space for meditation and some peace for those of any religion (or no religion at all) has been met by Chaiya.
