4	The tacos are fantastic and only $1.35 each!!! Steak, chicken, pork you name it - epic! They also have tongue tacos...wait for it.... Cash only.
5	Ohhh man the habanero salsa is soo !@#ing GOOD!!!  It's not like a painful burn, it just makes you sweat.Cheap, easy lunch specials.  We call this place "el authentico"
5	found them after the moved, stealthy!pronounced wou-chee-NAN-go but you will say WOW-chee-NAN go with the two key syllables  being WOW & GO!
4	I have lived in Az. for over 50 years and my wife an I have been eating at all the little mexican places in search of good food. This place is authentic for sure! The food at Huauchinangos is fresh homemade authentic mexican food from Huauchinango (80 miles N.E. of Mexico city). The menu was confusing because I wasn't familiar with most of the things on it. But they have tacos, burritos, enchiladas and such. The chips are exellent and the refried beans are even better! They make their hochata and jamaica fresh from scratch. Delicious!!!The staff are kind and courtious. (Owner and wife) Their hours are 8-10 except Wednesdays (close at 6).
5	This is real authentic Mexican street food that you may eat while visiting the areas around Mexico City while on vacation. Same Tasty Menu and Friendly Owner from the Restaurant that he had at Mckellips and Miller in Scottsdale before he relocated. The menu is full of several family recipes that he has gathered from back home. Always fresh and flavorful. He has been in the Best of PHX issues a few times in the past for his Quesadillas. Just do a quick search at New Times for Huauchinango and they pop right up.This is a Mom and Pop hole in the wall place. It is in a strip mall that looks a little tired if I can say so. Inside is nice, clean and casual with a kicked back sort of feel. The game of Soccer is a favorite there and you will notice a cool mural painted on one of the wall of a giant soccer stadium as well as a beautiful display of trophies from some of the teams they play in or support. There may be even a game playing on the TV from Mexico.Everything is made from scratch. No mole from a jar. Being a foodie myself I have talked recipes (some top secret) and types of chili pepper used as well as techniques with him and I am amazed at what is involved to produce an authentic product. This is no Filibertos so do not expect that style of fast food.I have tried just about everything on the menu including the BBQ lamb they sell on the weekends that is slow cooked in a special covered pit just like they do in his hometown. You can pick from several types of meats or styles. Chicken Tinga, Chicken with Chiltepin, Carne Asada, Marinated Pork, Carnitas, Chorizo, etc. Some of my favorites are the assortment of Tacos, Burritos, Tortas, and Tamales (I get him to deep fry mine). They have the BEST Habanero sauce in town. Other great dishes are the Enchiladas, Quesadillas and the really authentic dishes like the Huaraches, Tlacoyos, and Mole Poblano. Some even come with tender cactus sliced up and added to it.Easy to drive right passed. No main signage on the corner but only on the building. Small language barrier when asking specific questions about something you may not have tried before but well worth the effort. You will be pleased. Like my friend in Tucson Isabella J. says "Keep it local when you can". CASH ONLY. Enjoy!
4	I'm moving my review to the correct page.  Unfortunately, the name is mispelled on this page.  its confusing because searching doesn't turn up the right page.  I wrote to Yelp Help about this.Correct spelling Huauchinago.Link to correct page http://www.yelp.com/biz/huauchinango-mesa#hrid:nWlYQPQOS5PXc2zqoyM4iw/src:selfOk, I'd forgotten about this restaurant.  They moved a while ago from their SoScott location (that may have been in Tempe) on McKellips.  So I basically forgot about them.  I was searching for this restaurant on Yelp/Google after a discussion about my taste in MX food.  Come to find out, when Huauchinango reopened in the new location, the person that submitted this business page on Yelp spelled the name wrong!  So my search would turn up nothing on Google and Yelp.  I figured the resto was out of business.  Then like magic, another Yelper mentioned it in Yelp Talk.  I caught the misspell by a Yelper today and searched on that and bam... IN BUSINESS!Yes, this is some really good food from a bonafide-hole-in-the-wall joint.  Makes me wanna do the happy dance when I used to eat their tamales.  So of course, after finding them in the search today, via a Yelper mention, I knew I had to go here tonight!  I'd waited for 2 years!  No tamales as they were out and would be making more for the next morning.  I will return soon for the tamales.  I'll stop in for lunch this time or, call ahead to make sure they have them.  So, no tamale tonight --- that's ok, I stuffed my face with a couple tacos.  I had the carnitas and the beef tongue tacos.  Both delicious and yummy.  I ordered chicken enchiladas for lunch tomorrow.   In true pig-out fashion, I took a bite of that and the enchiladas are far better than I remembered them being when they were on McKellips.  Just the right amount of salt-ness with enchilada sauce and cheese on top.  I top everything with something spicy.  their spicy habanero salsa adds the right amount of kick to it.Also on my to have-again list from Huauchinango would be the mole (mo'lay).I would easily give this play 5 stars if I could drink alcohol there and they don't  accept credit cards!!!  Oh Lord, please get the Square or something!  However, after I'm reminded how good the tamales are, I may come back for an update next week.  Stay tuned.
4	CASH ONLY.Ok, I'd forgotten about this restaurant.  They moved a while ago from their SoScott location (that may have been in Tempe) on McKellips.  So I basically forgot about them.  I was searching for this restaurant on Yelp/Google after a discussion about my taste in MX food.  Come to find out, when Huauchinango reopened in the new location, the person that submitted this business page on Yelp spelled the name wrong!  So my search would turn up nothing on Google and Yelp.  I figured the resto was out of business.  Then like magic, another Yelper mentioned it in Yelp Talk.  I caught the misspell by a Yelper today and searched on that and bam... IN BUSINESS!Yes, this is some really good food from a bonafide-hole-in-the-wall joint.  Makes me wanna do the happy dance when I used to eat their tamales.  So of course, after finding them in the search today, via a Yelper mention, I knew I had to go here tonight!  I'd waited for 2 years!  No tamales as they were out and would be making more for the next morning.  I will return soon for the tamales.  I'll stop in for lunch this time or, call ahead to make sure they have them.  So, no tamale tonight --- that's ok, I stuffed my face with a couple tacos.  I had the carnitas and the beef tongue tacos.  Both delicious and yummy.  I ordered chicken enchiladas for lunch tomorrow.   In true pig-out fashion, I took a bite of that and the enchiladas are far better than I remembered them being when they were on McKellips.  Just the right amount of salt-ness with enchilada sauce and cheese on top.  I top everything with something spicy.  their spicy habanero salsa adds the right amount of kick to it.Also on my to have-again list from Huauchinango would be the mole (mo'lay).I would easily give this play 5 stars if I could drink alcohol there and they don't  accept credit cards!!!  Oh Lord, please get the Square or something!  However, after I'm reminded how good the tamales are, I may come back for an update next week.  Stay tuned.Oh Yeah... CASH ONLY.
3	Whipped over here and enjoyed a lunch outing today with Mark R. & Robyn N.  It's a simply decorated mid-sized cafe with a friendly host and reasonable prices.  The menu though, in my opinion, is a disaster case; very hard to follow and order from.  That's my big complaint about this restaurant.Once I managed to order a couple of things, I went with a street style Asada Taco ($1.30), and a plate of three Quesadillas, one with spicy chicken, one with beef, cheese and mushrooms, and one with marinated pork. ($6).  All three were covered with shredded lettuce and bits of cheese, and there was a nice sauce floating around on the plate underneath.The serving of chips for the three of us was dinky (even though we were brought a few more later), & they were paper thin.  The rest of the food was very good, so it's a high 3 Stars overall for this nice place.     :-)(Cash only.)
5	Wonderful experience and great homemade authentic Mexican food. Prices are very reasonable with lots and lots of tasty options. Wasn't sure if we'd feel out of place here, but the staff was friendly and service was excellent. Our server took the time to explain the menu and made recommendations for dishes. Plus for the homemade salsa varieties that offered a very hot habanero option that I really enjoy sometimes. The food came out fresh and hot and was cooked perfectly. This isn't a high dinning experience or refined cuisine, but it is fantastically good authentic food. This is a must try for everyone, and I look forward to returning to sample more of the menu. Notes: This is a cash only restaurant.Soda is served by the can. Two things your won't think twice about after your meal.
5	Tonight was an example of why I love Yelp. Husband and I searched for "tacos" and this place came up with glowing reviews from fellow Yelpers. I had passed this restaurant a million times, but had never given it a second thought. I had the tlacoyos with eggs - the thick tortillas were supremely satisfying, and the nopalitos were the best I'd ever had. It was a treat to try out Mexican cuisine different from the usual Sonoran fare found so often in Phoenix.
4	This little "hole in the wall" - "where the heck is it" Mexican joint is amazing.  It is CASH ONLY so beware before coming in.  The food here is incredible and a very different set of flavors than most Mexican you'll find in the Phoenix Valley.  I've sampled much of their menu and the main standout feature is the sauce.  They have incredible sauces! From the salsa's in the bins to the salsa that comes with the chips or the sauce they put over the quesadillas it's all amazing.  They have perhaps the best torta I've had.This is a very different and unique experience compared to the majority of Mexican available in the city.  It's homemade menu, not the standard "[fill in the blank]-berto's" menu you see at most places.
5	Wow! My hubby is not adventurous, when I said I found a yelp place he sneered and asked why I try to poison him!  But he relented. The fresh salsa, cactus salad and pork enchiladas converted him to believer!  Great fresh food. Excellent price, not so great atmosphere, so take it home and snuggle by the fire...or the pool whichever is appropriate!
4	Great food and they now take cards so those of you waiting because you hate cash. They are now ready. I want a to go menu which they don't have yet.
5	I loved this place. The salsas are fantastic. The green and habanero are delish. I had the quesadillas. They come in a light green sauce that is full of flavor. Try out a couple different meats in them. Definitely recommend trying this place. It's more southern Mexican, which is a bit different style.
4	I stopped by for lunch with my husband and two girls (4 and 1 year old). They have authentic southern Mexican food. My girls had the kids chicken strip meal which came with 2 chicken strips and some fries. It was $4.50 which is pretty typical for a kids meal but did not come with a drink. My husband had the hawaiian torta ($6.50 I think) and said he enjoyed it. I had a quesadilla (they are known for them) with Mexican chicken ($6 for 3). I really enjoyed the quesadilla. It came smothered with green chili sauce, lettuce, and queso fresco and the corn tortilla is definitely homemade and absolutely delicious. The chips and salsa are amazing too. They come with a green salsa that tastes a little like an enchilada sauce and is so yummy. They also have a small salsa bar. The only downfall was they did not have fountain drinks. They are on the menu so maybe the machine was down? No worries, they had Mexican bottles cokes. The owner and a younger kid (maybe his son?) served us and were so nice, friendly, and helpful explaining menu items and making suggestions. We will definitely return to try more of their delicious food! Oh and the neighborhood looks a little sketchy but it isn't that bad.
4	Best tacos Al Pastor since Mexico City!!!Very helpful staff. The others are correct when they rave about the sauces !
5	I was really looking for yummy cuisine in Mesa and I found it.  The quesadillas were delish and the hibiscus drink was exactly what I wanted.
