4	Cliff's Notes: solid concept, exceptional decor, room for improvement in the kitchen. The AMPD Group is at it again! This time, they've opened their 2nd Steel Cactus location in the city. The new spot takes the place of the old Villa bar/club but you'd be hard-pressed to even recognize it! The AMPD Group did an outstanding job with the renovation and decor. When you walk in the front door, you are greeted immediately by a cheery hostess. I came here for lunch and the crowd was much lighter than I expected, however they haven't even been open two weeks yet. I give them credit for opening up this time of year, the crowd may be thin now, but this will be the place to be come spring and summer.  The first thing former Villa-ites will notice is the space. The first floor of Steel Cactus seems SO much larger than Villa ever did. There are several high top tables of varying sizes, ample seating at the bar, and large booths, so there's definitely a seating option for parties of all sizes.  They have also redone all of the outer walls with collapsible doors/windows that open right onto the street. Now, to the food!  As I mentioned, this place just opened up and it seemed obvious to me that maybe the kitchen staff hasn't got their bearings yet. We ordered the queso dip as an appetizer and it was lukewarm with a lot of unmelted chunks of cheese in it. My boyfriend ordered a "side salad," but received a HUGE portion that he ended up taking 3/4 of in a doggie bag.  The salad was delicious though, try it with the mango vinaigrette! We also split 3 steak tacos, which were good, but under-seasoned. Also, no sour cream or salsa was served or offered with them.  Another suggestion would be to offer different beans on the side. I would've liked to see refried beans as an option. Overall, I think this place will find great success here on East Carson Street, it just may take some time for the whole crew to get the machine well-oiled.  I don't live far from this spot at all, so I will definitely be back to give them many, many more chances to improve. They also have completely redone the 2nd floor and I'm looking forward to checking that out soon!
1	I was out with my friends in South Side the other night, and we were finishing up at Acacia and looking for another place to go. Why not Steel Cactus? After some poor experiences at the Steel Cactus in Shadyside, I thought I'd at least give this place a chance.We got in a bit after midnight to meet some friends on the first floor--the bouncer let us know that the first floor is closed and we can only go to the second or third floors. He explained that the bathrooms were out of order and so they weren't letting anyone else on the first floor, even though there was a huge crowd and a busy bar. After some negotiating, he "allowed" us to stay on the first floor with the group we were going to meet.I struggled to approach the bar and got out some cash to let the bartender know I was thirsty. I waited for about fifteen minutes before giving up. I tried again later and was able to get a weak bourbon and coke. Around 1:40, the music abruptly stopped and a staff member came around to our group to loudly tell us that they were closed and we needed to get out.No last call? No thanks for coming? Who closes at 1:40?I won't be back to try the food; if it's anything like the Shadyside location, I'd be similarly disappointed.
3	I knew I'd be back to visit Steel Cactus, I just didn't realize how quickly! After having lunch there this past Saturday (see my original review), I ended up there later that evening to meet some friends for drinks.  They did have a few interesting pumpkin beers that I haven't tried yet, so that was a plus. We were seated upstairs and given menus, as the other two people in my party wanted to have a late dinner.The waiter came to take our order and my friend was a little too drunk and not paying attention, so I told the waiter her order: a chicken quesadilla.  As soon as she (my friend) heard this, she said "no no no, it's fine, I don't want food after all." So I asked the waiter to cancel that.  Our other party member proceeded to order his food (the 412 Burrito) and then tell the waiter to go ahead with the chicken quesadilla anyway.  I'm not sure what happened, but we ended up with TWO chicken quesadillas and the 412 Burrito.  I wasn't very hungry but figured if they made it, we might as well eat it.  I had one piece of the quesadilla and wasn't terribly impressed. Again, with the black beans, except this time they were inside the quesadilla.  Every time i picked up a piece to eat, the beans came plopping out and onto my plate, the table and the floor.  Also, the cheese was minimal, if not nonexistent... and I don't know about you, but about 75% of the reason I order a quesadilla is for that ooey gooey cheese!I really, really want to like this place. I just think they are in over their heads and need to really focus on what needs improved, that being the kitchen.
1	The atmosphere is nice but steer clear of the food and drinks. My friend ordered a mojito and the basil in the mojito was brown and wilting! As a "bartender" how do you serve something like this to your customers?? Do you not even look at the product that you are making for someone? It gets better (or worse!) The queso dip with chorizo was horrible. The chips were stale tasting with tons of seasoning on them. The queso tasted like cardboard and the chorizo-um three little chunks of chorizo?! I hardly call that queso AND chorizo dip. Tacos were on special that night and I was highly unimpressed with them. I could make a dozen tacos at home with a higher quality of ingredients for the cost that I spent on two tacos here. Service was sparse and somewhat scattered.
3	I found Steel Cactus on Southside to be average. I've never been to the one in Shadyside although I've always wanted to while waltzing down Walnut Street whenever i used to live in N. Oakland.The good.. my Yinzerita honestly tasted fabulous! I'm not sure how much alcohol was in the original margarita because I wasn't really buzzed for having a beer mixed in a margarita but on a positive note, it tasted great. The rooftop bar is also really cool so check it out before the snow comes!! The service was also good. Bobby accidentally spilled my cup of water which went all over the table and floor. Our server as well as one of the food runners rushed over to help us.. well basically they cleaned and mopped all up while we sat there embarrassed.The average... the food! I'm not saying the food is terrible by any means. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and Bob ordered the steak- I know, you're not supposed to order the same thing while going out but it stuck out to both of us. You get 3 (small) enchiladas as well as rice and black beans. My chicken enchiladas were average but Bobby's steak ones were really tasty. The thing is.. they servings just arent big. While heading home, we chatted that while it tasted ok, it felt as if it was an appetizer. Most places you are so full that you take some home but this isn't the case. We were finished and barely full... Idk I guess you have to go and see for yourself. Next time, we will order an appetizer before our meals. Since we live so close, we will most likely try it again and i'll update.
4	I'll start by saying I'm a huge fan of authentic Mexican cuisine. El toro loco and Emeliano's are my go to in the Southside. Me and my buddy went for happy hour where they have some decent drink specials and solid food specials. We both ordered the three amigos chips/ salsa and queso. The three amigos is 3 tacos 3 different kinds of meat, your choice of corn of flour tort and two kinds of toppings. Wow, they were phenomenal. Our bills came to $6.02 after splitting the bill. I would of gave 5 starts but they charge for chips and salsa.
1	nope. the restaurant looked nice, but felt dirty.  we watched the hostess pick few pieces of food off of the table with her fingers (gross), but never wiped it off. the food was not so great. the guac was clearly not fresh...it was bland and tasted like pre-packaged goo. the margarita was ok, but relatively flavorless for 9$. salsa was definitely not housemade. you get the idea. cool atmosphere, but we won't be back.
2	Food was mediocre; edible but lacked flavor.  Wait staff was ok. Atmosphere was great!
1	Been to the one in Shadyside a few times and always had a good experience. The one in the south side still doesn't have it together. Service was awful. Took 20+ minutes to get our first round of drinks. Our server took our order after we were sitting there for 30 minutes. Our food came out, but we didn't have silverware. Server came over 10 minutes later and finally addressed the issue. By the time we had everything we needed to eat, the food was cold. It wasn't even a packed house, so the excuse that they were really busy isn't applicable. The manager still tries to use the excuse 'we just opened and are still working on things'. It's a restaurant chain that's been open for weeks now. They should have things rolling smoothly by now if they new what they were doing. Won't be going back and would not recommend.
1	This place sucks! Literally the worst food I've paid for in the 26 years I've been on this earth. Skip this place - anywhere is better. Trust me.
2	We only came here because La Palapa was full with a 45 minute wait, we were starving, this was across the street, and they could seat us immediately. Sad disappointment. Next time I'll get takeout from La Palapa, or make a reservation there. To be fair, the chipotle salsa was okay, but the chips were extra tough, and the pile was about four times too large for the amount of salsa.We tried the beet tacos (interesting, but not amazing), and the fish tacos (downright bad). The rice and beans included as side dishes weren't great either. I think this place mainly caters to the college drinking crowd, but I wouldn't go here for the food. The bathroom was also completely out of soap which is a little gross.
3	More like a 2.8 but I will be a half glass full kinda guy on this November day.    Happy hour was nearing its end  so I chose to  go with a yinzerita (still have no idea what was in it but assume  it had Margarita characteristics with an Appalachian accent )  It tasted a bit watered down but I like the look of the Corona stuck in it 10:30 angle style,,,, had the pulled chicken Taquitoes (spell?)  which were average at best but I was starved from my drunken walkabout.    Service was aloof and borderline arrogant.  Crowd was 20 something crew so at least I know I wouldn't be stabbed or puked on at 6:45pmI am not really sure why I went with a 2.8 but I did.  :O
5	It is about time the bar be raised on Carson Street - Steel Cactus you set the standard high!  You are a triple threat with your beautiful establishment, your delicious food, and your unbeatable staff!  I cannot say enough good things about you!  Keep up the great work, I can only see great things happening in your future. Thank you for a great time and I look forward to next time!
2	This place is just a Mad Mex clone, and Mad Mex kinda sucks. I popped into this location for a quick lunch. The food was mediocre. It took way too long for me to get service even though there were very few people there. This place is supposed to be mexican, I guess. They don't have Mezcal, though. I've been to local dive bars who have better tequila selection. Steel Cactus is a half-baked concept. The only positive is that the space looks pretty cool. Staff was fine.
3	We actually came to the Southside to try Carmella's but they don't serve food on Sundays or Mondays. So we decided to head across the street to Steel Cactus. We walked in to a warm, glowing, welcoming place. The host was nice and our server even nicer. We started out our meal with an order of chips & queso. Our wait wasn't long. The chips were hot and crispy and the queso had a little bit of spice. For dinner I ordered 3 pulled chicken tacos on flour shells. You could get them 2 ways. I went "Mexican"- cilantro, onion, and grated cheese. It came with black beans and rice. My son ordered 3 pork belly tacos. They also came with black beans and rice. We both thought the beans and rice were okay.  The chicken on my tacos was moist and tender but not much flavor. You could really taste the cilantro or onion. It tasted more like parsley.   I was bummed. My son said his pork belly tacos were really good. They had a red cabbage slaw on top. The portions were just enough for a meal but I had already eaten the queso and chips so I ended up taking home one if my tacos and most of my beans and rice. The food was okay but we have other places that in the area that are better.
