5	Cassidy Zellmann Photography is the ONLY reason to have kids in Las Vegas. Aside from her wonderful and welcoming demeanor with babies, children and even adults, she is a great photographer and always strives to make the customer happy. What's also great is the fact that she can do just about anything you need as a photographer. I've seen Calendars, Animals, Cars, Concerts and even Fashion photos... There's not much this woman can't do. So if you're in Vegas, and you're looking for wonderful photography for an honest rate, I definitely recommend Cassidy Zellmann Photography. I haven't been more happy with the pictures I've gotten, she won't let you down.
5	Cassidy is the only photographer in Las Vegas I trust to capture special moments for my family.She has a true love for photography and children, and is able to combine them beautifully.  Her patience, kindness and gentle demeanor are a perfect combination for being a family photographer!The quality of her photographs is sharp and clear and she uses a high-quality printer to give you an amazing phsical result.  She also has a great artistic eye and is able to capture a great shot under many different circumstances.  For example, the first shoot I did with her was for my then year-and-a-half old daughter.  It was a very hot day and I was skeptical I would have any usable pictures because of my daughter's cranky attitude that day.  Cassidy managed to give me so many great photographs from that day, many of which are framed in my home. Her prices cannot be beat for the personalized service you receive.  I highly recommend Cassidy Zellman Photography.  You will never regret using her services!
5	For our mother's 80th birthday, we all flew from around the country to Las Vegas to celebrate.  We wanted to capture the moment with the best photographer possible, so I went online and found Cassidy Zellmann on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  She was the BEST!!!  Even though it was well above 100 degrees in July, Cassidy made it fun outdoors and our pictures are gorgeous.  Everybody adored her :)  Cassidy was friendly, professional, attentive, talented, easy going, knowledgeable, delightful, flexible (yet knew exactly what to do), and quick to get our pictures to us.  Our photo session was the highlight of our day and our pictures will be a keepsake for generations to come.  The session was the perfect gift for our beloved mother, and it was reasonably priced.  We knew we loved Cassidy on the phone and from the moment we met her :)
5	All you need to know is this woman is THE best wedding photographer AROUND! I searched endlessly for photographers for my wedding in Vegas. Recommended ones/expensive ones did not impress me. Then I found Cassidy's site randomly and really loved her stuff. Then I saw her price, and was like ummmm something has to be wrong with her. I can't love her work AND pay a reasonable price (wayyyy cheaper than most). Right? On top of that, she shoots engagement photos for FREE with her wedding package. Ok, so now I'm suspicious, but if you find a magical unicorn in the woods, and have your doubts it's actually a unicorn, you keep that unicorn until you are SURE if it is, or isn't. I mean, that's just common sense.We decided to have Cass shoot our engagement photos (and decided if we hated them we would let her keep our deposit and RUN). Well, you can tell by the star rating that not only did we love our photos, but we fell in love with Cassidy. Coolest chick with the most incredible eye for lighting and fun posing and making sure you keep a nice smile on your face and not look like a frozen zombie, or recent escapee from a mental institution. Fuck, if you are getting married in Vegas (or she does travel to LA and stuff) and you don't use this woman then just beat yourself in the face right now 'cause that's going to feel better than getting crappy photos from another company.
5	This is a review that I will update later because, to be honest, the photo session hasn't happened yet. But Cassidy and I have been emailing each other to set it up and I've been incredibly impressed by her thoughtfulness, care, and attention to detail. I contacted other photographers and they just shot out one or two sentence responses, unsurprising because time is short and why bother investing 5 or 10 minutes in a communication that may go nowhere? That's not how Cassidy works. Her emails were thorough and showed that she actually thought about the shoot and what might work best for our family. She clearly has a fantastic attitude and genuinely cares about her clients. I'm confident we will have a great session and that the photos will be wonderful. (The samples on her website are impressive!)
5	We did our photo shoot and received the photos, and I can say that my initial impressions of Cassidy and her work were totally correct. She was early to the appointment, super professional, worked great with my child and family members, and somehow maintained an upbeat positive attitude on a chilly morning outside. Cassidy has an amazing eye and provided guidance to us throughout the session on how to achieve the best shots. She was patient, listened to our ideas, and was smiling the entire time. Cassidy is just an awesome person in general. But none of it would be worthwhile if the photos didn't turn out great, and my goodness the photos came out fantastic. I have no idea what sort of black magic sorcery this woman conjured up but she somehow took admittedly blah backdrops and turned them into stunning family portraits. The photos are really really good and I'm super picky about my photos. I strongly recommend Cassidy all around!!! Two huge thumbs up.
