1	This is the first time I have reviewed any business online but I feel it's important this experience is shared with other animal lovers.  I had a very poor experience here.  When I went to pick my dog up in the morning they opened the doors 10 min late.  If a company says they open at 7am then the doors should be open at 7am not 10 after.  I had to ask for my extra dog food back as they only gave me one baggie and then advised she didn't eat well.  They had to go in the back and get the stuff she didn't eat.  Dog food isn't cheap - of course I want it back.  They also did not return all my dogs belongings which I discovered when I got home.  My dog was injured that morning.  I understand these things happen but the explanation was poor at best.  They said she got the pad of her paw stuck under the door.  I don't know how that's possible unless someone opened the door into her as she was laying down.  She was not able to put pressure on her paw for more than a few seconds at a time for the next day and hair was missing from the top of her paw as well.  My dog headed for the door after we looked at her paw and usually I have to coax my dog out the door as she loves playing with other dogs.  They also tried to overcharge me but I went over the quoted price and they recalculated to charge me the correct amount.  I realize things happen but the injury along with everything else means I won't be back.
5	My little guy has been to Pet Paradise several time now and he loves his play days there. I have never had any issues with the staff, and have always had a positive experience.
2	We just picked our 3 dogs up from their first day at this resort. We are impressed that it is all day daycare. And, the day started out nicely, with friendly staff and a clean facility. BUT, it was different at the end of the day. The small dog area was covered in urine and feces. The attendant seemed sullen, tired, and disengaged from the pets. There was only one attendant to man the front desk with five families waiting to collect their pets or ask questions. Our two small dogs were wet and horribly smelly. The large dog seemed to fair better. But, when we got home, they all three went to the hose in the back yard for a bath!!! Now, we have to take the car to get detailed. We inquired about bathing them at Pet Paradise. The attendant said, "Well, SOME people choose to have their dogs bathed here." She didn't offer to bathe them or offer a price to have them bathed. And, given the situation, we opted to do it ourselves at home.My only other concern is that when our pets came home, they all gathered at the water dish for a while taking turns drinking. Where was the water? We didn't notice at the time we were there. If you go, make sure there is fresh water.
5	I started bringing my dog, Tripp, to Pet Paradise Resort on Happy Valley Road as soon as it opened. That was almost  year ago, and he has been attending a couple days a week ever since. I am extremely happy with Pet Paradise Resort. I have looked at other places around town, but I think this place is by far the best. Julie, the manager, is extremely pleasant and manages her staff well. That is key to keeping the place running smoothly. Pick up and drop off is also easy. It doesn't matter which staff member I drop him off to, they all react warmly to Tripp, and are genuinely happy to see him. (Plus, I can tell from his tail wagging that he likes it there, too!) And  it's not just my dog they like, I've noted that every dog and cat receives the same greeting. If you are a dog or cat owner and considering a daycare for your pet, I know that means you want them to be taken care of in your absence. I have never felt doubtful about leaving Tripp with Pet Paradise, as I know he's taken care of while he's there. I can't speak from the cat owner perspective, but I can say that Tripp is exhausted at the end of the day, which indicates he got plenty of playtime with his buddies. What can be better than leaving your pet in good hands, allowing him/her to socialize with other pets, and then having them come home and have a good night's rest? And, you receive a daily report card to tell you how your pet did that day. I know there has been a negative review on here about this place, and there can always be isolated incidents. But I've been taking my dog here for almost a year, and with the exception of a chipped toenail and a chapped paw (I think he got it from scratching on the door in excitement of playtime), this is a GREAT place to take your pet. If you're still uncertain, go in for a "test drive." They will keep your pet one day at no charge to see if he/she likes it there. Plus, they have Wacky Wednesdays right now where they can stay all day AND get a bath for $20! From one dog lover and proud pet owner to another, if you are looking for a place your pet will love, I heartily recommend you try Pet Paradise Resort.
5	***One more thing. I saw that another reviewer said her dogs were thirsty after coming home. Tripp is the same way. It appears he likes to knock over the water dish they have set up for him. He does it all the time. He also goes "potty" immediately upon checking out of Pet Paradise because he has been trained not to go to the bathroom indoors. I'm sure he does #1 throughout the day, but #2 he saves for afterward. As far as the smell, Tripp rarely smells upon leaving Pet Paradise, but it's got to be expected when you have your dog in a room with a dozen other dogs. Again, everyone has a different experience.
5	I had tried a couple of other places for day care for my Golden Retriever puppy prior to Pet Paradise and had fairly horrid experiences. It was with great trepidation I took her there even after liking my initial impressions. I had nothing to fear. She loves it and I love the way they treat her. She has been going there since she was 5 months old and just had her first birthday. She is always excited to go and loves being there. She goes for daycare once a week and she has also stayed there for 5 days while we were on vacation. I would highly recommend Pet Paradise to anyone.
5	As any pet owner we are all skeptical of taking your furry loved ones to a new place, which I was.  I scheduled a Sunday appointment (yes they have grooming on Sunday!!) and took both dogs in (Shih Tzu and Shih Tuz Poodle) and I talked with the groomer and told her what I like and part of the dogs to watch out for sensitive stops when groomer.  A couple hours later they are done and look absolutely wonderful!! They both smelt good, looked good, she did an amazing job.   Well will be going back in another 8 weeks.Also I check out the boarding facility, all in doors and not in cages. (love that)  The boarding areas are blocked walls so If you do not like your pets to be in cages this is the place to take them. (no home blankets or toys unless they are brand new.)
5	My two chocolate labs love coming here. I don't have to worry about my "babies" while in away because I know they are being well taken care of. See you next week.
5	Awesome grooming! My poor little pug has suffered from so many bad haircuts it was nice to have a real professional do a great job. She was very timely and my little puggy looks the best she ever has. Will definitely return!
5	I have never had the need to board my two beloved kitties,  Finn and Noah, for an extended period of time and so I was very upset and extremely nervous to have to leave them anywhere.   I spent about 2 weeks before my trip looking into several "pet boarding" places and I was horrified to learn that every single place that offered cat boarding had only small, cold metal cages where they would be cooped up in for the 2 weeks they would be staying.  Thankfully a friend referred me to Pet Paradise.  The cats are boarded in a big, sound proof room at the front of the building, completely separate from the dogs, with a floor to ceiling window so they could look outside.  My 2 cats had 4 huge, comfortable cages to roam around in.  The cats are taken out of their cages throughout the day for "playtime" in the play room which was strewn with toys, kitty trees, etc.  Noah was on a special diet at the time and the staff had no problem adhering to his special needs.If I ever need to board Finn & Noah again I will definitely be boarding them at Pet Paradise.  Thank you!
3	I need to update my aggravated review.  Everything I said was true----I did sit on hold for almost 6 minutes, I did get a person in another state who couldn't answer any of my questions and seemed to care less and who did hang up on me...I really hate it when corporations "improve" things and it's not an improvement at all.But then we were in a quandry because we really trusted the folks at Pet Paradise Happy Valley and who else were we comfortable leaving our babies with?  So DH said to call direct.  I am so glad I did.Spoke to Debbie, the manager, and it was the same nice, caring people we recalled.  Debbie answered all my questions and helped me make reservations and special requests that made me feel comfortable and confident about our girls' stay at the resort.So Corporate gets 1 star for the improvements that are never an improvement, but just based on my 10 minute conversation with Debbie, the resort itself gets A-OK.  I hope I can add to the stars once the girls have had their stay.
5	So we picked up the girls after six days at Pet Paradise.  We caslled several times during our trip and got detailed reports on how the girls were doing.  We were told how they were eating and sleeping, how they got along in play group, a couple of funny stories...  It was like our Cali and Tuzi were the only pups spending the week at Pet Paradise!  We didn't think we would land in time to pick them up Tuesday night so we had arranged for Wednesday morning, but then we found out we might just make it by 5.30-6.00, so we called and asked if we could get the girls Tuesday night.  (We missed them!)  Then our flight landed 45 minutes early!  So we called to see if there was any way they could get their go-home baths and be ready earlier.  Pet Paradise didn't blink an eye---when we walked in the door at 5.00, the girls were washed and brushed and sweet-smelling.  I won't say our pups didn't want to leave, but you could tell they had had a good time.  It was more about being happy to see Mom and Dad then a "oh, gosh, get me out of this gulag" kind of thing.  They looked great, acted happy, and everyone at Pet Paradise milling around the reception area had a warm word and pet of farewell for the girls.  I still hate this corporate reservation thing, but now that I know how to get around it it, that quibble is over.  I feel very comfortable and believe that our girls are in very good hands at Pet Paradise!
1	Do not bring your pet to this location in Phoenix off of Happy Valley Road unless you enjoy spending extra cash at your vet to treat them for a variety of ailments and illnesses. We have boarded here on several occasions because of the convenience to our home but never again. Every visit our dogs are returned with some type of GI Illness or respiratory problem...EVERYTIME ... which now increases the cost of our need in boarding our dogs.Our dogs leave our house happy,clean and healthy and at least one returns in some form of distress. We have boarded previously at other facilities with no problem and for much longer times.Perhaps a visit from the health department is in order here.The staff seems very nice - I am just not sure they are attentive to cleanliness or what the dogs are engaged in outside of their rooms.I am sorry to post such a horrible review and have never done this type of review before - but if you love your animals - don't come here
