5	So I just want to say how much I love this place!! I actually live in San Francisco, CA and Will wait for them to come to the tattoo expo here just to have my work done. Now I dont know if AARON is still with them or not but his work is by far the best I have ever had!! I am still amazed at the color mine has held and how many compliments I get on it. Justin also did alot of my friends work and was amazing as well.....I will wait time and time again for them
5	Justin is THE BOMB!!! His art is great!The tattoo shop is dope, the music is thumping and there's a strip club across the way. It's awesome.Not to mention, they have awesome prices!
5	I agree, Justin is amazing & talented. He actually had his work cut out for him with a cover up I asked him to do about 4 years ago. My Mom passed away on October 10, 1995 & he made the most beautiful cross with a the sun setting in the background and the date 10-10-95 across it. To this day, the color is still absolutely beautiful & hope and pray Justin is still at the shop as I am ready for my next tat.
5	My friend and I were in Vegas on vacation and I had already emailed a couple of places for prices...they were all too high. So, we went out in search for a place off the strip. Bad Apple was great!  Prices, service, efficency!  Plus we had great conversation. I also found out they are affiliated with a shop where I live. We were able to make appointments 3 days in advance, and they were all ready fo us when we got there.  I would recommend this place to anyone and it's not that far a drive from the strip. You can take your own car easily or a cab. Enjoy!  Great work Jessy and Eddie!  Hope this brings more people your way because you guys deserve it!
5	Thank you to Jessy for a tattoo I have had a ton of compliments on!I made an appointment but they also take walk ins.Artists that weren't tattooing were sketching, painting, or drawing.I got custom work done, she drew it up on my arm to get the right fit and I am looking forward to working with her in the future on the rest of it! I can tell her mind is brewing something up for me.Check out their website for all of the artist's portfolios...every artist is there on the website so you can check out their work before you go.The pricing is extremely reasonable for the quality of the work.
5	I've had two tattoos done by Jessy at Bad Apple, and she's amazing.  I am pretty picky and exacting, and Jessy was cool with all of my planning, questions, and design changes.  Jessy is a true artist, and you can tell in her tattoos.  The details she includes are amazing!   She also works very quickly, so the pain is over a lot faster than you would think! The price was surprisingly low, and everyone in the shop was very friendly.  In regards to Shereen's review: Bad Apple no longer owns the location that did piercing.  There is no piercing at the remaining location, which is on Charleston.
5	I have been coming to Bad Apple tattoos for about 4 years now and they give nothing but top notch, one of a kind tattoos. The former owner, Boom, was my first artist and gave me my first tattoo (a backpiece). I can be nothing but satisfied with the work he's left, although unfinished.My second artist, Ez, was Boom's apprentice and is also my cousin! Finishing my first tattoo with him, I have to say that he has become an amazing tattoo artist and holy hell am I impressed with the sleeve he finished on my arm.  I think only photos can truly back my statements, so I'll be sure to post both artists work.There is a variety of styles and artist that are here to make your tattoo dreams come true. So stop in, give them your ideas, pick an artist of your liking, and prepare to get your mind blown!
5	Ive had 3 tats done at Bad Apple, 1 from Edd (he did a back piece, that literally covers my whole back) and it was great, still looks amazing 2 years later.Just yesterday Willy did a piece in honor of my grandfather, although I came to him with a basic idea, he made it his own and it came out SICK. When he asked about color, I basicly said 'yes' and 'whatever you think'...totally trust the folks here.Always good music playing overhead or in each artist's area, great drawings all over the shop...love this place, I constantly refer people here and will continue to do so!
5	Amazing artwork!! Ed word and Jessy girl are extremely talented; we would never choose a different shop! Best in the city hands down.
5	It was my birthday recently and I decided I wanted a tattoo. I had been thinking about it for a while so I asked all my friends where they got theirs. I also drove all over Vegas in order to get quotes and check out portfolios.Not only did Bad Apple have some of the most talented artists, they also quoted me the best price for my tattoo. I had my tattoo done by Ez, who was recommended to me by a friend, and he gave me the best price compared to all the other tattoo parlors in town.My tattoo is an solid black symbol on my left pec, so its pretty simple. Ez charged me $150, while other places quoted me from $220 all the way to $400!!! The other artists there are also friendly, and try to address you as soon as they can when they're not busy.I highly recommend this place and Ez if you're looking to get a new tattoo.
5	Got my 1st tattoo here almost 4 years ago. Boom (former owner) was my tattoo artist.  My back piece is pretty large & I couldnt be more pleased with it. He did beautiful work.
4	I recently went with my mom to get her arm worked on and ED was her tattoo artist. He did a small one on my back that ended up getting extremely faded and scarred because my shirt got stuck to it while it was healing. Now, because of the way mine turned out, I had such a sore spot for the shop. I always told people never to go there. But we'll get back to that later!So we went in and he seemed like any normal tattoo artist. Just looking to get work in. So after him sketching out the tattoo, he called us back and he started with my moms piece. As soon as he began, he opened up. We talked about all kinds of things and he was SO friendly. All of the guys who were in the shop that day were.He had taken a short break and when he came back, he noticed the tattoo on my back and made a face. My mom saw it and she asked him what the face was for. He didn't answer and went back to tattooing. My sister and I left to grab some food and while we were gone, my mom explained to him what happened to my tattoo. He asked who did it and then answered himself. As soon as we got back, he said he would fix it for free, as he didn't want his work looking like that. All in all, he was great. My mom's tattoo turned out AMAZING and I'm scheduling my touch up for next week.Ed really is great and the prices are, as well. It's a great place for people wether it's their first or fiftieth tattoo. Today's visit DEFINITELY changed my mind about the shop. They are awesome!
5	Fantastic work, fantastic prices, recommended to anyone in search. I looked across town for my rib piece and got no quote for lower than 250-300 Eddie did it for 150. picture can be seen above. 5/5 stars
5	Got my ribs done about 2 weeks ago, Eddie the owner did it for me he took I piece I made and changed it a little to perfection. Charged about 100-200 less then all the other shops I went to. And did a 10/10 job I recommend the shop to everyone. Cool environment, cool people.
5	I had my side ribs done by Willy. He recreated a drawing that i brought in which looks even better.  It was a cover up of a small tat from 10 years ago. My new tat  looks pretty cool as hell. So if you want a bad ass tat with great details and not cartoon looking tat drawn by a five year old,  Swing by here.  Its worth every penny. lol..Thanks again Bad Apple.
5	got my first tattoo from willy on my 50th -- awesome service and great art work!
4	I really like this tattoo shop. The shop itself is really nice and there's a ton of great artwork up on the walls. The artists are all nice as well. I one thing that put me off is that my girlfriend and I got matching tattoos however they're different. They came out great anyway but it was just my one issue
1	Gave my deposit to a tattoo artist named EZ and they day I showed up for my tattoo, he was a no call no show. He did have my phone number written down so calling or a text shouldn't have been that hard. After talking to several artists who had no idea where he was, one told me his father passed away and she will have him call me. He did call and we rescheduled for 3 weeks later. I show up and again he was a no call no show. Again his father had died. How many times can someone's father die??? So once again someone said he will call me and this time he never did-- and I never got my deposit back.  Supposedly he is part owner of the shop too. Very unprofessional place, poor customer service from the general staff and they steal your deposits.
5	I've now gotten two big pieces from Ray, and have been very pleased with my experiences there. My first piece was a fairly involved cover up on my upper thigh/hip. We discussed, both in person, and via email what I wanted. He was always on time to our appointments, whether it was for a consultation or for the actual work. Ray was always responsive to my questions and concerns and came up with something that was beautiful (if a little large). He has great attention to detail, and the shading is lovely. My second piece, I love every time I look at it. I needed something to kind of tie together the initial big piece, and we discussed what would look best. It definitely works.   The color, shading, and detail is fantastic.  Of course, it is an interesting experience- Ray is fairly quiet while tattooing (but to be honest, he is quite the eye candy, so I didn't mind), but the shop is pretty busy. They play a wide variety of music, some I liked, some, not so much. Pricing I felt was fair, and they do accept credit cards.
5	Ed was awesome! I absolutely love my tattoo! It came out even better than I thought! I'll be back for more!
3	I got my first two tattoos here, with Jessy.My sister went to Jessy for some custom work, and really liked her.  When it came time for my first one, my sister and I got matching dragonflies on our hips.  Jessy was fast, friendly, and made me feel comfortable.  In fact, I liked her work so much, I went back 2 weeks later for another dragonfly on my other hip.  Jessy inverted the colors so it matched the first one, but with just one tiny difference.The shop was clean, which is very important to me.  Excellent first experience for me.
1	Their website pretty clearly states they prefer appointments to walk-ins. So I call up to set up a consultation appointment with EZ, and the guy who answers my phone says, "Um, you have to come in to talk to someone.""Wait, I have to come in to set up an appointment?""Um, yeah."So they want appointments but won't schedule appointments over the phone. I don't know how anyone else feels about that, but I don't have the time nor patience to play guessing games about how and who I need to speak to just to set up a CONSULTATION appointment. It was enough to make me seek another shop.
5	My girlfriend and I got matching tattoos from Eddie and he did an amazing job. We both have several tattoos and his work is so much better than the others I have I won't go anywhere else. The shop has a cool vibe and everyone there is really nice. I wouldn't get a tattoo anywhere else in Vegas, and am actually going to drive back from LA just to see Eddie again. The prices are great too for the high quality of work.
5	Went last night for a cover up and they were very nice and did just what I wanted. I went with Miko, I think that was his name, but anyway he was very nice and gentle. I'm very happy and I will definitely return and recommend to friends. Thank You!
5	Wife and I both got work done by Niko and couldn't be happier. Nice clean shop with great artists. Prices are great too.
5	Went down there and got service right away. They were very nice and sketched out my tattoo better then I could imagine it. I am more then satisfied with my newest piece of art :) I would recommend everyone to this shop and they have great prices.. Sterling did my tattoo he was so focused and gentle.. I'm definitely going back for my next tatt!!!
5	This is by far the BEST Tattoo shop in Las Vegas. I got a Koi fish done on my arm and love it! Ed is super talented and I recommend him to everyone. If you're looking for a great tattoo at a great price go to BAD APPLE TATTOO!! all the others just suck!
5	Went to James on a Friday night and didn't have time to finish both arms, so went back Saturday morning.  Got some work done finishing as much as I could with my arms and not be out of regs.  He did amazing work, my new tattoos are beautiful and well done!  I can't wait for them to heal :-)  These are my first sessions in Vegas, and man am I glad that I waited to find this place!  Already had several compliments and sent people your way!  Thanks and will be back again!
5	Highly recommend Jessy if you want floral. She's great at other stuff too but I & a few family members have gotten floral tattoos from her & they all look amazing. I personally got a water lily & had asked her if she could add in some water, she did so & showed me a few different ways that she could do it & I let her pick which she thought would look the best. By far my favorite tattoo that I have. :)
5	Great experience! Went in to get my first tattoo and Eddie was recommended. Beautiful tattoo, took my design and made it better. Thinking about where I'd put another. Go to Bad Apple for a great tattoo!
5	What a fantastic experience with Jessy! She was able to provide me quick and efficient service with a friendly twist. I will definitely be back:)
5	My man EZ!!A lil mad man at workEZ does itYou ask he drawsHard skillsFast with the gunLet it be known
5	I've been to many different tattoo shops & there's something about this criteria that makes reviewing tattoo places very different. With other businesses we usually look at the customer service, pricing, & experience. With getting a tattoo, I look at the actual tattoos. Of course the customer service, pricing, & experience were all great, but what made me trust them (EZ) was his talent. In the end, my forever skin art came out more than what I ever expected in the most positive way. You'll get what you pay for, no pain no gain, & blah blah blah. It's f$&@?/;! worth it!
5	Great shop with an artist for almost  every style. Friendly atmosphere. I highly recommend  this shop.
