4	A pleasant surprise for an optical practice that I only found by going through my vision plan directory! Great staff (Claire especially was very knowledgeable and professional), reasonable cost, contacts were ready when promised and there was good follow up afterwards.
5	My family has been going to Dr. Fuller for probably 7+ years. It's been very hard to find a good Optometrist with a good staff. We used to switch every few years cause the doctor was always good but no personality and the staff was off and on. Meaning sometimes good other times they couldn't even fix our glassesDr. Fuller is very nice, like to joke around with us and knows our family. Always asking us how our family is. It's not just business which helps bring some personality to the doctor. Also, he will spend the time to explain anything with our eyes. His staff seems to turn over every few years but he seems to always hire people who are very friendly, helpful, and smile. I have never had any problem with Dr. Fuller or his staff. If you are looking for a really good Optometrist then give him a try. Also, it doesn't hurt that his office is close by our house.
5	My family and I have been going to optical illusions forever. Dr. Fuller is honest, funny, and very bright. I would recommend him to anyone.
5	For more than 20 years (starting as a young kid), I went to Dr. McPhalen. The guy is a weird creep (my opinion)....I realize that due to the nature of the exam the doctor has to be within a certain proximity of one's face but McPhalen is ALL UP IN one's personal space. I thought this was weird but normal because he had been the only optometrist I've been to all my life. Then finally, after getting harassed by McPhalen during an appt about how I didn't "deserve the privilege of contact lenses" and told to justify why he should sell them to me, I just HAD IT. I was going to leave their practice (after more than 20 years!) until my mother calmed me down and told me to go to Dr. Fuller. I was apprehensive about going to the same practice but she assured me that Dr. Fuller was different so I went ahead and scheduled an appt with him. I'm so glad I took her advice because Dr. Fuller is WONDERFUL! :) He is friendly and pleasant and was efficient and quick. He doesn't invade one's personal space like the schmuck doctor I was going to before. In fact, it was quite a shock to me that Dr. Fuller wasn't a space invader as I only had McPhalen to compare to and assumed all optometrists did their exams the same way.Dr. Fuller also caught the early signs of glaucoma in not only my mother but also my mother in law and SAVED their eyesight! He also went out of his way to make sure my mother made follow up appts with her eye specialist to treat the glaucoma. If I was grading this practice on just McPhalen alone, the guy wouldn't even get one star but thanks to Dr. Fuller I'm giving five! :)Just remember folks, go to Dr. Fuller. AVOID MCPHALEN like the damn plague or kiss your personal space (and general sanity) goodbye.
5	Having worn glasses most of my life, I have seen many optometrists over the years.  My usual routine for selecting an optometry practice  always seemed to be based exclusively on the styles of frames they carried, with the actual exam and personality of the doctor  sadly being my last concern.  The big chains always overwealmed me...and I never ever left feeling like I connected with the staff or doctor.  I never realized how much I was missing out on, in finding the perfect combination of style options and an amazing doctor, until I took my son to see Dr. Fuller at Optical Illusions.  My son was 5 and I decided to have his eyes checked, considering I was wearing glasses by 3rd grade.  We chose Optical Illusions because a friend highly recommended them.  We made an appointment with Dr. Fuller and after that visit, I realized what I had been missing out on all these years.  Dr. Fuller was fantastic with my son.  He engaged him throughout the entire exam and knew all the tricks to ensure that the exam was thorough and complete, as he was relying on the perspective of a child.  Not to mention that his awesome sense of humor and ability to incorporate it into what most expect to be a monotonous eye exam, makes the entire experience fun!   He diagnosed a condition that I had never considered could be present,  and referred my son for further testing with a pediatric optometrist.  My son absolutely loved him, and so do I.  His staff took the time to help us find the perfect pair of glasses for my son, and he had a blast trying on the frames.   I suppose I should make an appointment to see him myself...one can never have too many glasses at home to accessorize with!  They have two offices in the valley...and both carry the latest in trendy and high end frames, all at very affordable prices.  I highly recommend this practice for your family's eyecare needs!!!
