4	I had Katie do my hair today and I am very picky about my hair I've been looking for a hairstylists for over a year. Lets just say the search is over. The prices here are also very reasonable.
3	got a pedicure here. it was not the best and nor the worst one i've ever gotten. i prefer other places, but in a pinch this place works too.
5	I have been spoiled and have had the same hair stylist for 35 years. With such a comfort level it was hard to trust someone new BUT with a washed out sun dried scraggly look I had to take the step. KATIE was my recommended go to girl and did I luck out. I was impressed with her color questions, direction towards styling and not afraid to say what HER thoughts were. I walked out with a new swagger and felt I had to share my new found find.
1	I went today for color and highlights, because the lady that does my hair was not available. I showed the stylist 3 pictures of what I wanted. Not only i left with a totally different color, but my original growth was visible!!!!!!! It was a disaster, I looked dirty, it was awful, and she did not say anything! If she really thought the color was like the pictures, then she is COLOR BLIND. I still paid, because no one should work for free, she did offer to not charge for the work, just for the color. Thanks, but y hair is already ruined!. Did I mention it took her 3 HOURS, and my blow out was dull and still wet. Will NEVER go near that place again.
5	I live in Southwest Phoenix and I faithfully make the drive every two weeks to get my nails and toes done. I also go to Katie to get my hair  cut every 6-8 weeks.  I can honestly say that everyone does a great job here.  I've been following the owner for about 14 years now and she's amazing.  She hires the best of the best and does not allow "attitude" from her staff.  We've all been to salons where the staff is talented but can be a bit snobish.  Not here. Everyone is warm and welcoming.  Melissa for waxing, Kaeleigh for nails and toes, and Katie for hair.  Mind you, I've had everything done by everyone there, but as you ladies know, we all have our favorites.  I've never had bad service there nor a bad cut, fill or pedi.  I really love these ladies and this salon... If not I would not be driving and hour and a half round trip every two weeks.  I feel like I'm part of the family there!! And I'm sure they will make you feel the same!!!!!
5	Norterra Nail and Spa is the best place for a haircut, Mani -Pedi and Waxing.  It's the only place I will go to in the area for a mani- pedi . Everyone is professional and have high standards when it comes to cleanliness.  Plus you can enjoy a glass of wine during your service. I know this sounds like an expensive place, but its only dollars more than your typical salon and its worth the try.
4	This salon is really close to where I live. I went in as 'walk in' and wasn't able to get in right away, but it was okay, I scheduled the appt.  for 1 1/2 hours later -- grabbed some lunch and ran a few other errands and came back. When you enter the salon, there isn't much room to check-in. There is maybe 3 feet from the door to the counter. It was kind of awkward because you want to feel 'welcome' and not linger right next to the door, but at least the staff - owners (husband/wife I believe) greeted me warming and were just a delight to chat with. The salon has a 'spa-like' decor on the wall, shelves, and tables...(ie: rocks, tall grass in vases, outdoors-y  paintings...etc).  There were some pleasant candles burning (nutmeg type scents, which I enjoy, but others may not like--BUT it beats the smells of nail polish and chemicals you smell in other salons). I was just getting a cut and my stylist was super friendly and really nice to chat with.  She listened to what I wanted regarding length, layers and she executed perfectly.  And the hair washing station was really comfortable, (like a recliner with feet up...etc). So neat, I've never seen those types of chairs before. Also, when she was straightening my hair w/ the blow dryer after the cut at the end, it was so relaxing, I nearly fell asleep. I was overall really pleased with the salon and friendly staff (please note, the stylists are all young here, but all seem very skilled -- based on what I saw of the other patrons walking out the door). And the prices were moderate (average you would get at a good salon -- $45 for cut) They do provide coupons/deals and have other services as well: nail service, waxing...and few others I think.I will be going back to this salon in the future. Its convenient, friendly, and have good stylists!
4	I was visiting Phoenix and was staying close to this salon and made an appointment based on the positive yelp reviews. Both my sister and I had a gel manicure and a massage, and we were both very pleased with the whole experience.Nice decor, delicious smelling candles (although STRONG - maybe overbearing if you're sensitive to smells), nice waiting area off to the side with coffee and water and plenty of magazines. Very clean and eye appealing decor.My massage with Dannie was excellent. She was very professional, asked questions in the beginning to get an idea of what I wanted and checked in a few times during the massage to ask how the pressure was. I was also very happy with my gel manicure by Sophia. She was very personable and friendly but also very focused on the task, and did an excellent but efficient manicure. I thought the prices were reasonable too - consistent with what I have paid at other salon/spa's.I would say our only complaint was that the front desk receptionist was on a personal call when we were trying to check out that became a heated discussion. A little unprofessional but certainly not something that hurt our experience. If was in the area, I would definitely return for services here.
5	So I have never had a pedicure before today. I was a bit nervous about the entire deal but figured what the heck. I called and spoke to the receptionist Desiree. Who was wonderful, she got me in the same day for a roughly 1:30 appointment. I'm almost always early and arrived around 1pm. Desire checked me in and was very professional and pleasant. While I was signing in a esthetician who was waiting on her client and I sparked up a conversation, I believe her name was Melissa. She was awesome and made me extremely comfortable, very warm soul. She must know her stuff because her skin was amazing.Bee did my pedicure, and actually got me in at around 1:20! She was amazing. Maybe it's because that was my first pedicure but I thoroughly enjoyed it. While I was sitting I enjoy people watching, and was watching this nail tech working, Kaeleigh. She was pretty beautiful I admit. But the client she was working on seemed to enjoy her and her work. So I'll probably be okay saying shes great professionally.All in all a great first time experience and i'll be coming back.
4	I was in the mood for a change so I made an appointment with this salon.  I saw Jessica and she was great.  She was able to match my previous color nearly perfectly and she took time to review my options.  They are competitively priced and gave me a couple of coupons for my next visit.  The salon is nice inside and easy to find.  Parking is a breeze.  I will definitely return!
5	I have been going to this salon for years.   It is beautiful and the staff is superb.  If you want the best haircut and color go see Zee!  She is by far the best I have had and she is fun!  I get tons of compliments on my hair and its because if this great salon and Zee.  Sandie
5	I came in to the salon a couple weeks ago for a mani pedi and brow wax. Very satisfying experience!!Clean, professional and worth the money. The brow wax was much more than I expected. Heated bed and lovely surroundings while they waxed my furry brows lol. I will be going back later on the week!
4	Consistently good service. I've had facials, manicures, pedicures, and massages here. Great prices and even some specials!I received one bad massage here and other staff members did their best to "make up for it." I have since returned for a massage and the next one was great. I would highly recommend Nicole for massages. All of the nail technicians have been great!
5	Best manicure and pedicure I have ever gotten!  My manicurist was a lady named "B".  She did a fantastic job and I cannot wait to go again.  The staff was exceptional, everyone was friendly and had smiles on their faces.  The salon is very clean.  I felt like a princess even though I didn't have any upgrades on my services.  They have a big selection of polish colors.  I will be recommending to all my friends!
4	Very clean and professional. Plus for me was the fact that they are an American Express merchant. Was able to get in the same day too. I will definitely be back and refer my friends   Great location as well
5	I've only been here for pedicures and brow waxing, but many times for those.  I've gotten really wonderful service and really great results.  They're prompt with their appointments and efficient with their services.  The girls I've worked with are really nice.  My feet felt great, my toe nails looked excellent (they do a great job with flowers on the big toes), and they lasted for ages.  They also do a really great job on brows - really nice shaping, perfectly even on both sides (even if you're not quite even on your own) and that, too, lasts for ages.The only even remotely negative thing I can say is that their massage chairs are just ok and the foot and calf massage is not overly intense (if you're bringing your husband and the intense massage/chair is a big deal to him, this might not be the best place).  If I lived closer, I'd still be going regularly.
5	Erin is the best stylist ever!! She does my Brazilian Blowouts, haircuts, color and regular blowouts and always does a perfect job! Especially considering I have ridiculously curly, coarse hair! She takes her time and really knows what she's doing whether it's getting just the right, beautiful color or knowing how to cut your hair for your face. Sometimes I've told her exactly what I want and she does it, and other times I've asked her for her opinion and to surprise me and it's come out wonderful too!! I don't trust my hair to anyone else!
4	I finally was able to get in here after wanting to for months but never finding the time. I desperately needed a gel mani. I was greeted right away by the receptionist and told me that I could actually be seen right away, yipee! Off to a good start.. Then a very pretty girl came out and called my name and introduced herself as Amber. I informed her I had old acrylics on my nails and she got to work right away. The poor girl.. Those acrylics were on there and they were on there good!!! She was absolutely amazing and took her time without hurting me. Soaked in acetone then gently filed them off. Finally they were all off and she put a gorgeous Barbie pink gel on my nails! We chatted the whole time and she was so friendly and thorough! I will definitely be coming back every few weeks to see her. The gel mani was only $35 but they did charge me an extra $10 for acrylic removal which no other salon has ever done. A little pricey for a gel mani but totally worth and it and the fill next time won't be as expensive ;) can't wait to try all of their other services here!
5	I have been going here for over a year for haircuts.  Tiffany does an amazing job every time.  She is very professional and friendly.  She is a perfectionist so she will check and recheck to make sure everything is even and just the way you want it.  Kevin the owner is a great guy too.  He is very nice and accommodating as well.  I love this place.
5	Go see B, she is such a nice lady and is the best nail tech I've ever met. My nails always look wonderful. Prices are comparable to most salons but I appreciate being able to understand what they are talking about. I went here over other places because of the yelp reviews. So thank you yelpers!
5	Jennifer has done my hair for the past four months and I have always been very happy with it.  This is the most flattering haircut I have had in several years.
5	Wow! Definitely the best salon in the area. Just recently moved to cave creek and I've been looking for a place to do my eyebrows. I am very particular about them and it takes a lot to trust just anyone with them. I walked in thinking I was just going to make an appt for a later date, but needed them done today, and Niki was at the front and told me she had a cancellation and took me right in! Not only did a better job than my previous aesthetician, but was probably one of the coolest people I've met. Definitely coming back to see her!!
4	I have been going to the salon for years to get my manicures and pedicures. I see Kasia, and I highly recommend her if you are looking for someone to do your nails. I get a gel manicure and the exfoliating pedicure.  The salon has a wide selection of polishes to choose from. The interior is nicely done and they are always playing chick flick type movies on several screens to enjoy while you're getting your nails done. This is not one of those cheap, tacky "chop shop" places.  The nails may be a little bit pricier here but it's totally worth it.
5	Wow, such a great experience here. My first time going to a salon/ massage place and it was perfect. Had a 60min massage followed up by a haircut and both people who helped me were so kind. Amazing to be helped by such talent back to back. I feel great
5	I've never had a bad experience at Norterra Salon. Everyone there is very friendly. Maria is the best for your cut and color needs! You won't be disappointed.
5	I recently tried this salon for gel manicures & pedicures & it is awesome! They just got new massage chairs for the pedicures, really great. You can sit there & get a pedicure in the massage chair & watch a movie. Kasia is an outstanding nail technician! I highly recommend this spa.
5	Tonight I went here for the 1st time.  I just moved here from Texas & was in search of a great Nail Salon.  I have been to 3 others prior to visiting this Salon & Spa.  Kasia did my gel nails & pedicure!  I booked her based on other Yelp reviews & I have to thank those Yelp reviews---- they were right on with the service & quality of work Kasia provides!  I am sooooo happy I found my new nail salon here in AZ!!!!They have an amazing massage & facial special for Fall going on right now & I have already pre-booked my best friend from Dallas coming in next week for her & I to take advantage of this special too!  Can't wait & will leave a review after that appointment.Until then.... Happy Thanksgiving!!!!Barb
5	Oh my goodness!!  I have to tell you guys I LOVE your new massage chairs. Every salon out there has the standard ones that almost hurt your back. I sat down in your chair and almost fell asleep. But seriously there was a knot in my lower back for two days and after 30 minutes in that amazing chair, it was GONE. I'm blown away. I get massages every week, so I'm not a "newbie" to those or pedicures.  I was afraid to see how much the pedicure was going to cost after that and was shocked to see how reasonable it was!!!! My friend has a 5K massage chair in her house from Brookstone I think, and I swear, the chairs in your salon feel just like the recliner she has in her home.  You guys are the best and kuddos to you for not raising your prices. 28.00 for a pedicure with callous removal and exfoliation and THOSE CHAIRS is a bargain. Not to mention that everyone I encountered there was so nice, and of course my toes looked great. :)  I will DEFINITELY make the drive from Gilbert again to see you guys.
5	Came back from a nine month deployment and was in dire need of a good haircut and style. The staff was amazing and made me feel great about my whole experience. Tiffany the hair stylist was excellent and I would highly recommend her. She listened to me and gave me exactly what I wanted. I will definitely go back.
4	I've been going here for about 4 years now and I see the salon improving a lot. Just recently they did something that makes me so happy.  They put in new pedicure chairs with bowls with removable liners!  This means you have much less risk of catching something from other people who've been in that chair - i.e. nail fungus. Over the years I've caught stuff from the regular type of bowl most salons use. They say they clean it, but I know they can't and don't clean it well enough to get to bacteria hidden inside the jets. So these new chairs are amazing and show the owner Kevin has made a commitment to having a progressive salon.My person there for nails is Bea and she is great. She accommodates special needs you may have and she remembers them when you come back. This makes me feel good.  She remembers I like the lotion with no scent and only like the orange sea salt scrub fragrance wise.  I appreciate this level of service.The prices here are pretty much on par with most other salons. Maybe a bit higher, but for the new chairs, it is ok with me.  The salon overall is very nice. Pretty chandeliers, clean and neat and in the awesome Norterra marketplace.You should give this salon a try.
