5	I have the Best-est Target EVER!  Ok, maybe not EVER.  But the best one in Phoenix.  So THERE Scottsdale!In a strip mall (but of course) but it's a very pretty one!  Just south of South Mountain Community College, the center has some cool walking/meditating garden area between itself and the school.  Not a bad spot to eat some ice cream or lunch either but that's a review of a different color.So - my wonderful Target.  We had wine before everyone else's Target.  We have a rocking $1 section that must RISE to the level the store, not sink to it as some seem to do...  Pretty nice clothing/shoes section!  I've found things shown here that I don't see at any of the other locations.  (Got myself a matching suit jacket and pants for under $50 that I'm complimented on regularly! LOVE Target!)  Even at Christmas time, the Toy section was VERY well maintained.  Their seasonal section is at the back as most of the new ones are, and the only time I saw it a bit messy was when the day after Halloween when they were removing the scraps of costumes that were left to make way for Christmas stuff.  The outdoor area is really big!  From rakes to plants to fountains - this location has things that I haven't seen in other stores.  And then - the Freezer section. The wall along the outdoor section is a giant section of frozen meals, single or family sized, including good vegetarian & Ethnic options as well as ice cream, appetizers and pretty much anything else you can imagine would be frozen.  A refrigerated section w/ milk and eggs too.  In front of that there is a decent sized "grocery" section w/ canned/boxed/packaged food stuffs.   Yes, other Target stores may have these things too but a) My store's stuff is bigger and/or better b) It's MY Target!   It's like kids.  Yes, you may have beautiful children, but I'll never think they are as beautiful as mine - kind of a thing.  Oh yea, full Starbucks and a separate lunch counter area that offers your standard pizza/nacho/popcorn/sandwich/icee options.  It really is the best one ever.  Ever.
5	I second Kristin's nomination of this Target as the best Target ever! It's a super-clean and well-stocked location, and the staff is definitely really friendly and helpful. Every time I've gone, I've had employees ask me if I needed help finding anything, and today, when I had a full cart and left my wallet in the car, one of the team members offered to watch my cart while I ran out to the car. It also has a Starbucks inside, which is a huge plus for those Saturday or Sunday morning trips!
1	I absolutely despise this Target. Every single time I go in there they are out of stock on half of the items I need. Last time I was looking for something specific (over the door mirror), I looked on line and it said they were in stock, I called the store, they then confirmed they were in stock. I get to the store (I live 5 minutes away) ... Yep not one in stock.Another experience went like this.. Bought $300 worth of crap, get home and the dog food containers I purchased (which says so on my receipt) are not there. I call and they ask me to  recall what register I was at. Is this on the receipt? No. How the hell am I supposed to remember... They  then tell me they will look around and if they see them I can come back and get them. No one ever called... When I called back they told me to come in. When I went in the manager argued with me "Are you sure" blah blah... It took 2 calls and 3 hours of my time to get the 2 dog food containers I paid $8 bucks each for. I'm glad others are having better experiences here, but for me this Target sucks.
1	It only took me one, extremely bad experience with this store to make me a NON-customer forever. I had bought a BBQ grill there.   nice 3 burner gas grill with the optional burner for heating up whatever in a saucepan on the side.  I had had the thing something like 4 months.  On  a certain day, I was hosting a huge party and yes, that included cooking everything on the grill.  About half an hour before the party was to start, I went to fire up the grill.  Nothing happened.  I check the tank - I had just had it filled.  It was the valve on the hose that hooks up to the tank that had failed.  I raced down to the Target figuring they would have a replacement part, they did not.  I asked them if I could just take one off a display model, I had a party, it was starting in 15 minutes, please help me.  The employee would not help, at all. I called for store management and the store's general manager came out.  I told him my plight, guests were already arriving (I was getting calls on my cell phone), I need the part and I needed it now, please please please help me out with this!The store's general manager absolutely REFUSED to help me with it, saying I would have to bring the entire grill back and exchange the thing for a new one!!!!  He had NO heart, at all!! This guy was as cold as a car's engine sitting on a hill slope in the middle of winter in Siberia: good luck getting it running much less warmed up!  I freely admit after practically begging the man for a part off a floor model and him absolutely refusing to do ANYTHING to help me at all, I cussed him out, quite well I must add.  I ran out of that store and remembered there is an ACE hardware a couple of doors down.  Thank God they had a gas metering thing, whatever the thing is called.  I paid $20 or so for it and back home I went Grill fired right up and I got the party rolling.  But, it wasn't that I had to spend money to get the thing fixed, though the grill was still under warranty, it was the extremely calloused attitude and replies I got from that store's general manager.  It wouldn't have been the end of the world for that guy to give me the part I needed and just get another one sent from their DC.  I make it a point to bad-mouth that store after that experience with them anytime the subject of going to that place comes up!
4	Organized, clean. Helpful staff. Good selection, reasonable prices. Found Hello Panda cookies in the dollar section upon entrance. Clean bathrooms with energy efficient dryer.Quick or short lines at the register.Overall good service. It's sort of far from the house so we don't go often but when we do it's a good experience.
3	love this target - easy way to spend $100 but it is always clean and you can find whatever you need and a lot of what you dont need but must have :-)
4	After landing in Phoenix for vacation, one of the first things I did was look up the location of the closest Target so that I could pick up a few necessities.  For a Sunday, late morning, the store only had a handful of shoppers.  The store was clean and well organized and I was able to find everything that I needed.  Cashier was friendly as well.
1	I will never return to this Target because today upon check out I was given misinformation about a Target Red Card. After repeatedly saying that under no circumstances did I want to open a line of credit, the cashier insisted that I was not. With a fussy 7 month old in tow, I didn't get a chance to figure out until later that I had indeed opened a new account.Target corporate was helpful and hopefully the card and account will be closed tomorrow. That said, this team member either is totally misinformed or is lying to customers to open Red Cards. I will never return to this store and urge others to follow suit. There are Target stores where customers are valued and not given false information.
5	Probably the best Target store in Arizona. Though not perfect, the employees seem to always ask me if I need help. Great customer service or Guess Service As they say. The Starbuck baritas are great too. Never been to a Target store, that was a bad experience.
3	This Target has been my go-to location for quite some time.  I have never really had any issues here and anytime I have had to deal with customer service they have always been helpful and accommodating.  The layout here is pretty standard and this location is always pretty clean.  Pretty middle of the road on this one.  Nothing spectacular but nothing bad either.  I will continue to come here when I need something they might carry and I will always come here over going to Walmart.  That is for sure!PS. I got the red card that is tied to your debit/checking account and outside of initial issues with activation have not had any problems since.
2	I come to this Target just to avoid the long lines and the ghetto people from Walmart down the street from my house in Laveen since it's the closes one to me. Seems like they're always out of stock on the things that I need now. I used to like coming here but this Target location is starting to become as ghetto as the Walmart in Laveen and the bathroom is disgusting and stinks like crap!! Yuck! I would hold my pee if I was you unless you're a guy and are able to stand up peeing.
5	Everything is always clean, the shelves are always stocked, and the employees are always very helpful whenever I need something. I've been shopping at this Target for years and have never had any issues. I also use the pharmacy here and would recommend them. They always fill my prescriptions quickly and promptly answer any questions I might have.
