1	Okay, Let me just say....I'm not sure if it was food poisoning, or I coincidentally came down with a stomach bug 4 hours after eating their pizza.....but after my 36 hour adventure with my toilet and the bathroom floor, I can't say I'm willing to give this place another shot....not to mention the pizza really wasn't even worth my misery.So, the pizza itself. I got the spinach trio (comes with spinach, tomato and feta cheese). It was a thin crust pizza, and there was waaaaaayyyyyyy too much mozzarella on this thing. The cheese was at least 1/4 inch think. This wouldn't be a problem it it was on an appropriate thickness crust. The poor thin crust just couldn't hold up all that cheese and was floppy and soggy. The was also a strange smokey flavor to the pizza, which I just don't get. Plus, there was hardly any spinach at all on the pizza. On the plus side, the girl working the counter was very peppy and nice. So, if your going to try this place, I recommend skipping the spinach trio...maybe it was the feta that poisoned me.....good luck, I hope you have a better experience that I....if you're the brave type.
4	I recently ordered a 14" thin crust pizza with pepperoni and sausage from this location. Although prep/delivery time took close to an hour, it was well worth the wait.The pizza was piping hot and came with a generous amount of toppings, although I think the prep table applied too much cheese and less sauce to the center of the pie.  The sauce was savory with the right balance of spices.In light of Michelle W's previous review, I'm inclined to give this location 4 stars instead of 5.  My rating may change if the consistency and quality continues to be above board with future orders.
2	I was starving and stopped by this shopping center looking for Slim's Sub Shop.  I was disappointed to see that Slim's closed.  I was on a time crunch and saw Rosati's.I ordered 2 slices of Cheese Pizza, and wanted a bottle of Water....the girl working the register told me they were out of bottled Water, Strike 1.  The pizza came out after a few minutes.  The slices were huge!  It was almost the size of a small Pizza!  I thought that the Pizza was awful, the sauce tasted like canned sauce, the Cheese was flavorless, and I thought the crust was undercooked and rubbery, Strikes 2, 3, 4.  Since I was starving I ate it anyway, except I didn't eat the crust....which is rare for me, I always eat the crust....it was that bad.I know this place is a chain so I'm not sure I will ever try it again....not my type of place.  I prefer better quality pizza.Will I return?  No way!
4	i come here often, mostly for the chicken parmigiana. ideal price for a good amount of serving enough to share with someone with mediocre appetite. comes with that side of bread, i never really eat because it's nothing special. the wings are breaded really good and sauce is biz. i ordered the fried mushrooms once, not a fan of their thin batter. their pizza is very thick, filling and satisfying. no need to worry about not getting fed enough, but you really have to know how to manhandle or it'll fall apart before it gets to your mouth. i've seen my friends have the need to use a knife and fork. yikes.it's probably optimal to call ahead for pick up, unless you don't mind waiting a bit for that worth the wait time, to sit in. the customer service here is hit or miss. there are times they messed up my order like it's no big deal i guess, and there are times they took extra care in making my visit inviting.
3	Although my appreciation for 50 cent wings on tuesday has me spending my ruffage(money), it doesnt mean I enjoy this strange vibe I get when I'm dining in. Came in with the sister around dinner time, dead on the customer count, the lady at reg had no genuine skin on.  I might as well feed my money into a machine and out pops a basket of wings that I can sit in my car while I eat to 90's music: paula abdul; because that's what it felt like, except my car doesn't have a table, so we sat in. She dropped off the basket of wings to our table and walked off. So where am I supposed to leave the bones? In the same basket of freshwings? Offered no plates or wet naps, or anything. (based on previous visits here, I've been treated better).Luckily I love their wings, but on this visit, the host wasn't that eager to serve us either.
2	Went here for lunch... the pizza was OK, not that great.I ordered the thin crust which was more like a regular crust... which was fine.  The sauce could use some improvement, it tasted like regular tomato sauce, not pizza (marinara) sauce.  Also ordered some fried and onions rings... the best part of my meal were the fries.I probably will not be coming here again.Also, the girl at the front counter doesn't have the greatest customer service skills.
5	Rosati's pizza is the business as far as pizza and wings are concerned! I know quite a few people have left negative reviews regarding Rosati's, but I would be hard pressed to take the nay-sayer's word for it for a few reasons: One, some one commented that they waited 20 minutes just for drinks- Well, if you did, that would be because the drink fountains outsmarted you.. O_O Here is the low on how Rosati's works- It's like a combination between "serve yourself" and "full service". The drink fountain is right next to where you grab straws, forks, napkins, etc.  So, you take your cup, fill, enjoy, rinse and repeat. It would be the equivalent of waiting 20 minutes for drinks at Panda Express. (On a side note, I'm not intentionally being rude, there may be extenuating circumstances that preventeed the drink pourage, just putting a realistic timeline out there showing it's not the norm to wait for anything while there.) Most of the kids working there are just that: Kids.  You don't go to Pizza Hut expecting 5 star service, just as you wouldn't go there expecting a host in a tux to seat you. With that said, let's move on to the current review!! =)Food: The portions are GINORMOUS! For the lunch Slice special, you get what amounts to a quarter of an entire pizza and drink for $3! The crust is made fresh there, and my personal favorite is the Cheese slice with all the herbs and garlic sprinkled in and on. Also on Tuesdays they have 50 cent wings, but not those dinky little wings you get from most places. These are CHICKEN WINGS! lol, about twice the size of a normal wing. I would be afraid to be in a dark alley with the chicken these wings came from; He apparently hit the gym often. And the sauces are DELICIOUS! My fave sauces are the mild and the honey bbq. And the homemade Spumoni ice cream is a MUST!Service: I usually only go during lunch since my office is nearby, so I only know 2 of the girls there and they have always been completely awesome to me. I am a friendly person by nature and I have been known to become "BFF" with random people buying Ketchup (long story), so I am inclined to think every one is a sweetheart. That being said, my coworkers are a different story, but they also agree that the girls there are so accommodating and nice! A good example of that would be from today. My coworker wanted to try their 50 cent wings, but didn't know which of the 6 flavors she would like, so she actually ordered ONE OF EACH FLAVOR! lol, Yes, you read right, she ordered one chicken wing in each of the 6 flavors. While also ordering some "custom" fries. (We didn't care for the Cheese fries with the cheese sauce on them, so she asked for Pizza Fries- fries with the pizza sauce and mozzarella baked on. She's also had them take fries and put mozzarella and cheddar and bake them too.) The thing is, they never complained, never said "We can't do that", or anything! They have always humored all of her crazy whims and ideas, and made whatever she wanted with a smile! They are always so friendly and sweet, always happy to be of service and go the extra mile! The girl with the piercings is especially nice!  There have been times where i have seen people ask what something tastes like, and rather than just explain an abstract, she has been known to give them freebies to try, even to the point of giving an entire dessert free for some one to try. Try doing that some where else and see if they will give you a free cheesecake to sample, or accept making 6 wings each in a different sauce. Customer service like that unfortunately just doesn't happen every day, especially at a "fast food" joint.Prices: The prices can vary. Like I said, you can get an entire quarter of a pizza and drink for $3, or you can buy a 15lb pizza (I swear they really do weigh that much!) for anywhere between $12-$20. Some of the pizzas can be expensive depending on the toppings and crust, but they are SOOOOO filling! My son can eat his weight in pizza (Read: he can eat half a large pizza from Pizza Hut in one setting) yet he was STUFFED after just one slice of a Rosati's pizza, so the price more than justifies itself. Plus, once you get to know them, they will go out of their way to find coupons and discounts for you. =)Overall, in my opinion, Rosati's is the only chain pizza joint I'll eat at any more; on a scale of 1 to 5, they definitely get 5 Nomnoms from me!
2	I'm not a Las Vegas local, and on my trip there last night, a well-meaning acquaintance sent me out to Summerlin to find an old bookshop manned by geezers.  I couldn't find the place (erroneous address, incomplete directions), and I ended up somewhat lost, a little cold, and very, very hungry.  So I fired up the heater in the rental car, Yelped nearby businesses with my smartphone, and ended up deciding to hit Rosati's pizza.  After all, the rating was a solid 4 stars. Rosati's is located on what seems to be a major road through Summerlin, and its clientele are pleasingly non-threatening family types of a few different colors who have the air of regulars.  The girl behind the counter was friendly, nice, & helpful.  The restaurant is clean, and even the cooks had pretty immaculate aprons.  I wasn't scared that I was risking any sort of injury or illness or cockroach sightings by being there (which is more than I can say for my sojourn @ the Excalibur Hotel on the Strip, but I digress).  Further, it seems to have won a reader's poll for Best Pizza in Las Vegas Weekly.  So, I ordered pizza, right?  Nope.  I ordered a calzone, which is basically a pizza folded in half with toppings as stuffings.    And when I write "a pizza folded in half with toppings as stuffings," that's exactly what I mean.  After ordering a Spinach Calzone and only finishing a little less than half of it, I the counter girl told me that at Rosati's their calzones are made with a MEDIUM-SIZED PIZZA DOUGH and stuffed accordingly.  I write this not to criticize, but to warn you that you're not going to be getting what I expected, which was a sanely-portioned calzone that would satisfy one person who wasn't entering an eating competition.  It arrived huger than my plate, with pizza sauce on the side as a garnish, and was probably stuffed with at least three pounds of cheese.  I am not joking.  I really do think it was three pounds of cheese. As far as taste, I'd have to rate the calzone as way too salty to be truly enjoyable.  My favorite part of it was the closure part of the dough, which was the only part that didn't go from salty crust into salty cheese and (how the heck did this happen?) salty spinach.  I'm a huge fan of doughy things, which most calzones supply very well, but this one only featured in the cute, braided-looking closure.   But did that stop me from eating half of the monstrously-sized calzone?  No, it did not.  Yes, I ate a pound and a half of cheese, some dough, and some saline spinach.  And I enjoyed the cheese and the dough--the spinach threw me with its brackishness.  The aggressively salted dough plus the (salty) cheese needed a some sort of plain foil to neutralize their pungency.  The pizza sauce didn't help matters.  Though a little sweet, of course it was also salty too, and, rather unfortunately reminded me of something from a jar from before grocery stores offered pasta & pizza sauces that were actually something  you'd want on your pizza or pasta. If I'm making this sound awful, it really wasn't.  I wouldn't have eaten so much, plus taken the rest home and eaten a large part of the remnants for breakfast.  Plus, somehow I remain convinced that, if I'd gotten this combo on a pizza, and not in a calzone, it would have tasted better.  For one thing, much less surface of the dough looking like it needs seasoning, since most of a pizza crust is covered in sauce and toppings.  I almost wonder if the cooks thought "Well, it looks so bare.  What do we have?  Salt!  That tastes good with everything!" [And I came home today and got what I thought would be a taco but turned out to be a glorified quesadilla from a local Mexican place that I'll also be giving a definite 2 stars.  Oy.  I don't know if I ever want to eat cheese again!] I wish I could give this place 3 stars for the friendly service and nice ambiance, but the saline spinach knocked it down at least a half point.  And there're no 2 1/2-star ratings on Yelp.  But, if I'm ever lost & hungry in Summerlin again, I might go there, and try the pizza, just to see if I'm right about my hunch, and if I agree with the palates of the readers of Las Vegas Weekly.
1	This was bad pizza. I ordered a large pan pizza with a Greek salad last night for delivery to my hotel. I ate one piece and had a terrible taste of yeast or something in my mouth. The dough was the heaviest or densest dough of any kind I have ever had. The pizza must have weighed 10 pounds and was 90% dough. The sauce tasted like canned tomato sauce. Two hours later my wife arrived and I told her not to eat it and throw it all out. That was a $35 pile of yuk. I had a belly ache and diarrhea all night and half a day.
5	If you're looking for great Chicago-style pizza, Rosati's is the place to go.  As a new Las Vegas resident, it's been my task to find decent pizza and Rosati's brings the flavor and quality of those small Chicagoland pizzarias to the Las Vegas area.  Delivery service usually takes an hour, but the hour is well worth it as pizzas are delivered hot and well-made.  The buffalo wings are delicious and mozzarella sticks are good.  Rosati's thin-crust pizza is delicious and exactly as it's made in Chicago.  The cheese is delicious and the italian sausage is flavorful and slightly spicy.  Rosati's deep-dish is great with chunks of tomato in the sauce.Their pan pizza is very similar to Chicago-style pans.  My only complaint is that the crust could use some additional flavor, maybe a more buttery consistency. Overall, I've used this Rosati's for delivery 32 times since I discovered it in March 2011.  Excellent food quality and fair delivery times.
5	I recently moved out here, and I'm used to really good pizza from a local business back in New Mexico, but Rosati's pizza blows the best from my home state out of the water for roughly the same price. Try the Chicago, or super stuffed crust, you wont be disappointed because you get to pick the toppings. Plus a lot of really cute girls work there. my only wish is that they had green chili as a topping, but that's my own problem!
3	3.5 starsThe buttery flaky crust and the gooey mozzarella cheese are delicious!  However, I am a carnivore and need more to satisfy my deep dish cravings, such as pepperoni and sausage.  And that is what I ordered, along with mushrooms to top this delectable dish.  But, I was a bit disappointed with the amount of toppings.  When using my fork and knife to dig in to my deep dish, I like every single bite to include some meat toppings to accompany the chunky pomodora tomatoes and delicious cheese, and that was not happening with this order because the pepperoni and sausage were a bit scarce to my liking.  I placed a "carry out" order so can't say much for the service, but the 2 girls at the counter were friendly, and the quaint restaurant was filled with families.  So, until I find a deep dish comparable to Chicago's Uno's, I will be back, especially for their freshly made ranch dressing, which you can buy by the jar!
1	Waited 50 minutes after I called the order in before it was ready. Two pizzas were over $50.  When we got it home one pizza was barely warm and the other had ingredients which we specifically asked to be left off.  But the real problem was that the Chicago style pizza was inedible because the dough inside was raw.
4	Craving Chicago Style Pizza?  Well look no further, just bring a truck to get your leftovers home.  Their breadsticks are to die for.  Garlicky, yet not greasy, small, almost french fry size but light and crispy.  We got an antipaasti salad which wasn't very creative but was delicious.  I should have stopped there.  Salad and breadsticks would have filled me up but we came for the deep dish.  My wife mistakenly ordered the medium deep dish.  Having had Chicago Pizza at its birthplace in Chicago (Gino's or Giordanos??? another time.), I was certain a medium would be about the size of a normal plate and deep.  Instead it was about the size of a large flat crust pizza except deep!  The crust was perfectly crisp and the dough light.There was a lot of flavor and not a lot of grease which is good for a deep dish.  The dining area is small but the Pizza worth the wait.Ok, we aren't done yet, my daughter wanted pasta so we got her Penne (knock knock Penne, Knock Knock Penne).  Another truck arrived at our table and delivered a trough full of delicious pasta.  They will alter the dish as my daughter wanted melted mozzerella on top. They happily obliged.So, we carted home 1/2 a salad, 6/8 of a pizza and 2/3 of the pasta for lunch and dinner for the rest of the week.   Did I mention that with drinks the whole meal for three cost $49.00. Why not five stars?  Well the atmosphere is not the greatest, the place is small and they don't have as many topping choices as I would like.  But if you are craving good pizza and pasta that won't break the wallet, this is the place to go.
2	This place has the ability to be great, the problem is this location. The last time we ordered the pizza was GROSS! So bad that we vowed, even though we love the pizza(normally), we cannot eat there anymore. We arrived to pick up the pizza(like normal), as we normally carry out. The pizza was already starting to go cold when we go there exactly 20 minutes after the order was placed when the  girl had told us it would take 25 minutes to have it done. Good thing we got there when we did or else  our pizza would have been sitting for another 5  minutes. The pizza itself looked like a drunk person made it. It was cut into huge squares instead of the neatly cut smaller squares that is normally is. That I could live with, however the crust was covered in what seemed like one gallon of pizza sauce making it unbearably soggy because the pizza didn't cook all the way through in the middle. My fiance noticed that they had changed the quality of their sausage from the old good quality authentic, to some new gross bad quality meat. We also noticed that the crust is now the frozen stuff, right out of the freezer and nasty!!!!! It used to be made fresh. We didn't even call them to complain because we didn't even want a free pizza in the future. You can keep your soggy pizza, low-quality ingredients, and high prices.
3	I had been craving pizza for a week straight and finally decided to do something about it. Ordered a thin crust veggie pizza from Rosati's, just because they are close to home and have decent reviews. After checking on the web for their phone number - supposedly the only Rosati's in Nevada - I ended up calling the wrong location. Apparently, there is Rosatis.com and MyRosatis.com.  I don't know what the distinction is, the logo is the same - maybe franchises vs. company owned?  At any rate - for any location other than D.I. and Hualapai, you need to use MyRosatis.com.  It doesn't help that the location I was looking for was at Cheyenne and Hualapai - soooo confusing.OK - I admit, I'm not from Chicago - so maybe I just don't "get" Chicago style pizza, but what is up with square-cutting a round thin crust? This way, the center pieces don't have a crunchy crust to cheesy-dough ratio that makes pizza enjoyable to me. If it were a square pan or deep-dish it would make sense. The pizza tasted OK - I found the crust a bit flavorless.  I dunno - it's fine I suppose, but for the price (18.00 for a 14" veggie) I'd rather go elsewhere. Sorry Rosati's - it's me, not you.
1	Their pizza is darn good, but their customer service is just down right awful.  They often take much longer than estimated delivery time.  We like the deep dish style pizza, which understandably takes longer to cook.  They estimate an hour or so for delivery, which is fine.  However the pizza normally does not show up until an hour & half to 2 hours.  On top of that they almost always forget our ranch dressing that is not complimentary/paid for.
3	I was working in the area, normally when in that area I lean toward the Roberto's Taco Shop, in the same strip mall, but I wasn't in a Mexican mood. So I tried Rosati's.They had several lunch specials, one was a slice of pizza and a drink, for a little more you get two slices with the drink, I think it was $7.40 with tax (that included a up sale of 50 cents per slice to add pepperoni) . So I got my drink and sat down. Soon the girl from the counter came with two plates, I assumed one was for someone else, but no they were both for me. Apparently the special meant large slices, so it's actually two normal slices per slice, so I have 4 slices of pizza. The single slice, which would have been two slices, would have been plenty, I try not to eat a large meal during the hot weather, it makes me sleepy after lunch.The pizza was good.The crust, crisp on the outside, chewy inside and a good taste to it.The sauce, lite on the sauce, which I like, nice taste, not bland or over powering.The cheese, a good grade of mozzarella and a good portion of it.The pepperoni. good and it was between layers of the cheese. Layer of cheese, pepperoni, another layer of cheese. You don't have the little pepperoni cups of oil on top and not a noticeable amount of oil trapped between the cheese layers.I tried to eat it all, but didn't make it. Ended up taking one of the four slices in a to go box, I should have taken two slices to go, or ordered the single slice, which would have been two slices.The staff was very friendly and helpful.I will eat there again.
2	Needed pizza/wanted pizza!!We ordered a full order of chicken strips, medium heat with ranch dressing on the side and a pizza.  When we got home the pizza was perfect, but the chicken strips had no seasoning at all and the ranch dressing was missing.  Too far to go back, so we just dealt with it.  We should not have to just deal with it.  This location is extremely small (approximately 6-8 tables) and there were only two couples in the restaurant at the time, so busy would not be a possible excuse.  I saw five uniformed employees and one individual with an outfit that would suggest he was a manager.  So, there was more than enough staff to remember something as simple as ranch dressing and seasoning on chicken strips.Don't get me wrong I do like Rosati's A LOT - however, it is so frustrating when you do not receive what you ordered and you didn't check before leaving the restaurant because you assume seasoning and ranch dressing isn't so difficult to remember.  We have never got takeout at Rosati's, we typically go to the one up North off of Durango.  So, next time we want pizza, we'll have to go and eat at the restaurant as it seems the West Cheyenne location can't manage to fully and/or correctly prepare a takeout order.
1	We ordered a Chicago style well done. First they brought the wrong pizza and then when they returned we received our pizza that was dough. UGH!  This is the very last time the Rosatis on  Cheyenne will get our money. Terrible....when we told them they offered a $5 off coupon. huh? they were kidding...right?Save your money.
1	We normally eat at the Rosati's on N Durango but decided to try this one. What a mistake. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who said sit anywhere and got our drink orders, then disappeared. After deciding what to order we had to hunt down someone to take our order, the hostess was never seen from again. The pizza was pretty good on par with the other Rosati's but the salad was pitiful. Iceberg lettuce with a few brown mushrooms, 2 slices of green pepper, few croutons and a sliver of cheese. The creamy italian smelled and looked greasy mayo. Will not be back!
1	I ordered penne pasta with Alfredo sauce for pick up.  Not that I was expecting much because the service is always horrible, but the food is usually OK so its easy to look past poor service.  The Alfredo sauce had a layer of oil on top of it so much that I had to pour as much of it out as I could before eating it. Needless to say, I won't be returning.  The food is no longer worth the service. I'd rather drive the extra distance and go to Vit's pizza up the street where there is friendly service and quality food.
5	We are here from San Diego staying with our in-laws and decided to order delivery -- we are big fans of Rosatis and used to frequent this location when we lived here. The prices may be on the higher side but the food was so worth it - delicious just how we used to remember it (we kept it simple with a thin crust pepperoni). Delivery was pretty quick (my in laws live close by) and the delivery guy was super friendly -- think his name was Kyle? The girl who answered the phone (Zuly) was really sweet even though we were "those people" that ordered close to closing time. It makes me sad to see this place gets such bad reviews -- it's been a good place for a long time and its one of the few things we miss from Vegas now that we live in SD!
1	EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!! After being a customer of Rosati's for the past 3 years I've lived in Las Vegas I could not believe the attitude that was received when my roommate and I tried to order delivery this evening (because my roommate is very pregnant she had ordered and gotten delivery to our home last night) upon calling and then getting shot down we tried the other location an we're told that the Cheyenne location would deliver to us. After trying to call again the manager, who seemed to be completely inept, told us that the person who took our order shouldn't have done that. I do not believe the improper training of employees by management should be taken out on the customer. Coming from a house that is filled with people who work in the food industry, and know what it is the give a little extra for loyal customers, especially when it was your fault..we were pretty upset. The order we had was no small one either..they have lost us as customers and we will no longer refer our friends and family to these restaurants!
1	The Rosati's Pizza on wigwam & pecos was not only the first in Vegas, but my first job as a teenager. I love this pizza!!! Went to the rosatis on rainbow and it was just like I remember, tried this location last night and what a catastrophie! Franchise, means consistency & unfortunately this location needs to be re-evaluated! Not only did I ask for x-tra crispy on my pizza and the Cheese was barely melted, but my medium wings were ON FIRE!!! Needless to say, it was a terrible meal & I was up all night! I called To give feedback & no one even tried to get a phone # to call me back or credit my account (not that I would go back)
5	I love Rosati's pizza! It is not cheap, but you get what you pay for. I don't like that they charge for delivery... Or at least they used to. I stopped having it delivered because it was $5 fee plus a $5 tip. So, I saved the money and picked it up myself.Besides that, the pizza is really good. Even a plain pepperoni is very yummy!
1	This place has no customer service, and does not prepare food at normal temperature that is approximate for consumption. The main entree was the issue, and they forget the salad, but sent the dressing with the delivery, Idiots. The entire place needs to be replace or closed.
2	I was not a fan of this pizza or place.The crust is very thick and was over cooked I think because it was hard & dark :(
2	Meh that one word sums up the food here. I frequently go to the location on Durango and the pizza is always crispy and hot, With the cheese just perfectly melted and the crust has that perfect crunch everytime you bite into it. Until recently it was the most authentic Chicago style pizza I could find in Vegas. Anyways........ I saw the location in Sunnerlin and decided to pay a visit. I was craving some pizza that day and my son is always ready for pizza. We ordered the usual, thin crust pepperoni, I also ordered a side salad. My salad arrived before the pizza and pieces of it were frozen? Supposedly it's supposed to be fresh but that's not the case here. They're storing the salads in the freezer. After what seemed like a long wait considering we were the only people in there at the time our pizza arrived. It was cold and doughy. Needless to say we won't he returning. If yours looking for the cracker thin Chicago pizza try Pizza Rock downtown.
2	The food was really good! Ordered the Chicago style pie and did not disappoint. Also ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was just "okay". Was more like a giant chicken finger on bread - however, the bread was really good, too!  Our biggest disappointment was with the young lady working the front. This was our first time trying rosatis's and the service seemed icy cold from the minute we walked in. It seemed clearer to us that we could have been being judged by the employee as everyone else who came in got warm greetings, follow up and friendly conversation.   I'm pretty certain the money from gay people is just as good as everyone else's.  This is simply an observation and how we were made to feel during our dining in experience.
1	We have been loyal customers of this location for over 2 years. It was so good in the beginning. Food was wonderful and staff was great. The last 3 times we have ordered from them, it has been awful. Thier pizzas are falling apart...like you cant just hold a slice in your hand. They fall limp. We ordered tonight and as we were waiting for our delivery, they called us to tell us our order would be another 40 mins becuase our pizza "broke" when they took it out of the oven. Ok - I understand.    But we were told that pur other items would be freshly made so nothing was cold. This was a LIE. They just took the cold food and heated it up A LOT. The chicken fingers were burnt and chewy and the garlic knots were sooo hot!  Couldent eat them for a couple mins. Sadly we will not be ordering anymore from this location. Sucks.....we really liked this place - back in the day.
3	This location is alright. Bigger than the Centennial location. It actually has sit down areas for 5+ parties and a patio bench area to eat at. The inside looks kind of dusty though.We ordered to go and it was a decent experience. The girl on the phone was friendly and the amount of time was reasonable. 30 minutes for a medium deep dished classic combo pizza at a cost of $25.07 with tax. We got the pizza warm temperatures and it smelled nice while driving home.The pizza itself was decent. I remembered the Centennial deep dish to be bigger and deeper though. The pizza was drowned in their tomato sauce. It cancels out the cheesiness and the toppings. I think it drowns the rest of the taste actually. I still ate it because I thought it was alright. Overall experience was decent.
4	Staff was polite and their dining room does have a nice setting, however the deep dish crust is not worth the extra money. The large pizza is huge, as well as the chunks of sausage- it really is quite yummy. I, personally, will get double dough or thin crust next time. Very convenient, right around the corner.
4	We called in our order ahead of time, 2 large pizzas and an order of breadsticks. The staff was friendly. Pizza was good.
5	I don't know why this place got many bad reviews but I love the pizza here, especially the crispy 5" one with all the topping I can get. $0.70 wings Tuesday, hmmm yummy.
1	I have been a loyal customer for over 3 years from this place and recently their food sux and their customer service is awful. Not only their prices are outrageous the cashiers don't know how to be polite and are very rude. We are done and they get a big F.
2	I was a return customer at this location for a while. However a recent experience has changed that. I received a coupon for a free small cheese pizza with a purchase of $15 or more for my birthday. I called in my order and the first girl I spoke to clearly had no idea what she was doing because she handed off the phone to someone else without telling me to hold or even saying anything. The second girl I spoke to was talking to me like I was an idiot then proceeded to tell me that I was not a rewards member (even though I have signed up, the coupon was emailed to me and had my name printed on it), she had never heard of the promotion and kept asking more questions. So I simply asked if I could use the coupon or not hoping to get a direct answer and end this call. That is not what I got. She put in my order for two calzones and not the pizza until I came in to actually show her the coupon. When I got there she told me the coupon was for another location and they didn't do that. She did offer me a "free birthday cannoli" because apparently that is what this location does so the extra star is for that. Aside from that she could've handled the situation much better and saved some aggravation. Instead she wasted my time by making come down there knowing that they don't take that coupon and now I was stuck paying $23 for two calzones that I wouldn't have bothered ordering if I knew it wouldn't be honored. My main issue is with the company itself for sending me a coupon to a location that I have never been to before, never signed up at and is at the opposite end of town from me. Coupons for the company should be accepted at all locations and if they are not then that should be CLEARLY STATED on the coupon, which it was not. I'm big on customer service and needless to say after this, I will not be returning to this or any other Rosati's location.
1	I have been a customer sense the location opened and this is the first time I have gotten such bad service.  my take out order was completely wrong. When I called to inform them that the order was incorrect they told me all they could do is remake the pizza and that I would have to bring the pizza ( that had already had a slice removed) back and wait 30 min for them to make another. The girl behind the register told me that they can't give me a discount or any type if reimbursement for my troubles. This coming from a chain that has coupons attached to every pizza.  I waited for half an hour in there restaurant and they didn't offer me a soda and they were content that they might loose a good customer . Word to the wise they charged me .90 to put onions on half of the pizza that came with onions. I'm not sure what happened to the quality and service at this location but it sucks.  I am no longer spending money here. Ordered a classic combo and got a cheese pizza with half onions only.
1	This place has officially gone down hill. I have been a customer for just over four years. I loved their lunch specials, however they changed the best ones and marked up the prices. I loved their chicken fingers, then they changed them to the mostly batter ones that are just edible.  Now they changed their ranch dressing which was awesome. It was homemade, now it comes in a package which taste like Hidden Valley. The only thing worth coming for is the wings and now there a dollar each. Even Tuesday chicken wing day went from .50 cents a wing to .70 cents.
5	This place is amazing. I used to go to the Henderson one often but I like this one better. Rosatis pizza is some of my favorite pizza in the city. Try the deep dish!
