5	I am a snowbird & found this spa for my nails, pedicures & waxing.  It is great that every year we come down the same people are there & they are the friendliest staff.  You can also get the best pedicures & you know that they are good because the same people are there all the time.  As a snowbird it is nice to know that you can get the same quality every year.
3	I bought my mother and sister certificates for a manicure and pedicure for Christmas.  I went with my mother for her manicure and pedicure and decided to get a manicure for myself while I was waiting.  Well you would have thought I asked to try on a dress!  They acted as if getting a manicure wasn't allowed for a man.  I would have given them 4 stars if they didn't make me feel a little self conscious about wanting to get a manicure while waiting for my mom.  Strange way to run a business.
1	I had my nails done in this salon several times. Their work is pretty much on the low quality side. They are lucky that Fountain Hills has a lot of older residence and don't like to drive far, which keeps them pretty busy.  I also tried to stay local till it came to the breaking point. A week after my nails were done, the paint started lifting from the bottom. I thought I could deal with it till it got really bad. When I went there to show them the problem, the guy who did the job said he could fix it but I need to make an appointment. When I went to the front to make an appointment, the woman said since it had been two weeks, I should just pay full price to have them redone. I finally decided that even it is over 100 degrees, I should just get into my car and drive to the place I can trust. Well, I had my nails done in Scottsdale yesterday. It was a beautiful job and I will never go back to this Deluxe again!
5	Such friendly & talkative staff, always willing to help...even suggest color for your nails.  Give good advice & don't lead u astray.  My feet are gorgeous & my brows are re-shaped.
5	Just got a pedicure from this place. My first time visit and I love it.The shop is clean, many workers but many customers too! So better if you have an appointment. They will still help you if you walk in but you just have to wait.Nice massage chair while you soak your tired feet in the tub. The person who did my nail is Lee. He is detailed-oriented and does a great job.After seeing his work, I wanted him to do my hand but I only booked for pedicure and he has other customer waiting. Bummer!Satisfy with this place overall. The only thing I would say is they don't have enough normal nail color  (enough selection but not as many as the place I went to in California). If you are doing gel, they got tons of color selection.I will definitely go back again.
