2	What can I say - been hearing about this place for a few years decided to go and it did not live up to the local reputation that's for sure.The place was jammed packed - I can't imagine why - Close by and cheep I guess.First the decor - dated, dark and depressing, stucco and vines, yuck. After we were seated we were brought a stale basket of rolls - dry and hard  and must have been sitting in the freezer and then the counter for quite a while.  We had the house wine - not great - but I'll take the blame - should have known better.  I split an order of calamari with my husband who agreed they must have been shipped in from the Michelin factory - rubbery, obviously pre-frozen and the coating was flaking off.  The tomato sauce served with was a little bland.  I ordered the spaghettini with Puttanesca sauce - the pasta was overcooked - which incidentally is supposed to be their thing, oops. And the sauce, not horrible but not the greatest either. My husband ordered some cream sauce thingy, which he said was so-so.The service was friendly. Maybe I caught them on an off night. Can't see myself returning in the near future.
2	My family had previously been to this restaurant two to three years ago, and they said that is was pretty good. The evening that I went to this restaurant it was close to minus 27 degrees outside and it was still busy none the less. The decor and overall appearance of the restaurant was alright, nothing special...a little dark.The menu was a typical Italian type - appetizers, salad, pasta, pizza, entrees. I choose to go with the Napolitana pizza. Now before I ordered this I had a pretty good idea what a good Italian pizza should taste and look like as I've traveled to Italy and had great pizza. I've also had great pizza around Montreal. This has to be on my bottom 3 in terms of pizza from an Italian restaurant, the dough was mediocre and the pizza was extremely oily. I was expecting some nice pieces of mozzarella and tomatoes and what I got was a regular cheese pizza. Not only was I disappointed with that, but it was very small for a personal pizza. Overall the restaurant aesthetically looks nice, but I was not impressed with the food.Now the one thing that my family left out was that the restaurant makes their own gnocchi and that its pretty good. Had I known that I probably would have ordered that, you can never go wrong with homemade gnocchi!
