4	We order delivery from here at work and have never been disappointed. The pork with string beans in black bean sauce is so good! I like spicy and it totally hits the mark. The portions are generous and the lunch specials can't be beat! The only thing I wouldn't recommend ordering are the pot stickers, they were overstuffed and not cooked enough. The salt and pepper pork chops are also a hit, although not available in the form of a lunch special. The delivery is very fast and the order is always right (which is not an easy task.)
4	The absolute BEST Egg Foo Yung in town!  I went here on a friend's recommendation of their noodles, unfortunately only so-so in my opinion, but was completely blown away by their Egg Foo Yung. It was a huge, thick, egg patty that was deep fried to doneness, and served with an unbelievably killer gravy that was rich and dense and heaven in a cup. No, it was not the watery brown sauce normally served around town, this gravy had a substance that would be home to Thanksgiving turkey! Unfortunately, the rest of the food was barely marginal. Their Mongolian Beef had green peppers and other vegies, and was a complete disappointment, and was perhaps the worst version of this dish I have ever had, almost enough to keep me away from this restaurant forever.I also tried the Salt & Pepper Pork Chops, and it was pleasing overall,  as good as most places in town.Their Hong Kong style noodles were bland and undistinguished, with a strange little sweetness that I didn't care for at all. Stop by this place for an Egg Foo Yung that you will crave in the middle of your sleep, but pick up other items elsewhere.
3	Good For DeliveryIt has been an uphill battle to find good delivery Chinese food in Spring Valley/Summerlin.  Everything I"ve tried has been disappointing until last night.  Chow Mein Express is quick, cheap, and tasty.  Here is what we ordered:Pork w/ string beans in spicy garlic - Very delicious sauce makes this spicy dish good, but the pork was fatty and chewy.  The string beans remained crisp in the sauce, which saved the dish.Fried Chicken Wings - Fantastic!  Not too greasy, prepared with chili oil, diced jalapenos, scallions, and garlic.  This was the best thing we ordered.  It was more salty than spicy.Sweet n' Sour Chicken - High quality white meat chicken made these little fried morsels pretty enjoyable.  The sauce was a bit bland, so I just dipped in Sriraucha sauce (Thai chili sauce w/ the rooster on the bottle) which helped a lot.Veggie fried rice - Bland, with chunks of vegetables that would have been better cut smaller.  Not worth ordering really.Overall this place is nothing special, but for a delivery Chinese meal it is pretty good, and worth the 40 minutes you may wait.
4	Thoroughly satisfying Orange Chicken lunch special.  Hearty portion of well-spiced chicken with adequate fried rice & noodle sides - along with a 'bottomless' cold drink.  Straight from the wok to the table, this small, primarily take-out spot may become a lunch time favorite close to my office.  Having lived in Beijing for 10 years, I finally found Chinese food in Vegas I can recommend to friends.
4	I'm always looking for places that doesn't include burgers and fries.  Everyday on my way to work and coming home from work, I am always driving by this restaurant not even giving it a second thought.  Finally, I just decided to get dinner here with no questions asked by my subconscious.  I ended up ordering the Chicken with mixed vegetables  in black bean sauce.  I thought this was really good.  The chicken was moist and tender and didn't have an after taste.  My boyfriend even liked it.  The next day because I just didn't want to eat McDonald's again, I decided to get their Pork and String Beans with Black Bean Sauce.  Yes, I'm a fan of Black Bean Sauce.  It's one of my favorite sauces when ordering Chinese.  The taste of the pork was a little strong for my liking.  Unless the different cooks just make a difference in their cooking.  But, for now, I'll stay away from this dish.  It was better tasting with chicken.
4	The cashier is really patient every time I order my food and I'm always happy leaving this place.  I tried the Mongolian Beef this time and was very pleased.    I did have a try their chicken and corn soup and had better.  The entire staff is efficient and quick to prepare my food.
3	With a fairly average interior (reminds me of Roberto's) with sit down restaurant prices, Chow Mein Express is the only Chinese restaurant within it's area so I really cannot complain.  The food is satisfying and they don't scrimp on the portions when we dined in.  Also, I enjoyed their Egg Drop Soup when I went; so it may have just been a poor batch when Miriam C. ordered.
3	My husband and I were craving Chinese food since we haven't eaten it in a while (Panda Express does not count!). We have driven past this place for a long time and finally decided to eat here the other day.We ordered:-Mongolian Beef: the beef was good and full of flavor. However, it seemed liked there were way more veggies on that plate!-Beef with Broccoli: again, the beef was good. The broccoli was just a little hard to bite into.-Orange Chicken: pretty bland, I did not taste any orange flavor. -Sweet and Sour Pork: crispy on the outside, hot and juicy on the inside. The sauce was pretty tasty as well.Portions are pretty big. Also, the items with a star next to it are their hot and spicy dishes, but you can ask them to not make it spicy. Customer service:The employee who helped us was very nice. He brought our food to our table, told us to just ask if we needed more rice, and brought us take-out containers for our leftovers. I'm not sure how long they have been in business here, but the restaurant looked pretty old. It was a little dirty as well. There were pieces of food on the floor that probably had not been cleaned up for a while.  Since there was nothing special about the food here, I probably will not be back.
5	This place is One of the best chinese food/delivery. Their chinese chx salad is Da Bomb, especially the dressing it comes with. And their salt/pepper shrimp is phenominal :) ive been getting delivery from them for YearS now...awesome job guys :)
3	Great lomein, rest of meal was above average. Dinning area is sparse but for take out/delivery its a must try (just not the wings)
2	I've driven by Chow Mein Express a million times. It's located in the same strip mall as Naked Fish's Sushi (one of my favorite spots) and Dairy Queen (where I've been too many times for my own good). I finally gave in and tried the place for lunch. It's cheap but totally underwhelming.I love Chinese-American food and cashew chicken is one of my go-to meals. Their version was a large portion of fatty, mostly dark meat chicken and plenty of veggies. It looked like they tossed in the cashews after it was all cooked. Bland in flavor and completely uninspiring, it was the kind of meal that I regretted eating after I was done.I also got an order of egg rolls which had a weird taste. The veggies were overcooked and mushy. Who knows how long they were sitting around waiting to be fired up. blah....
4	I always order chicken chow mein here and its the best! Its cook fresh right in front of you and the portion for the price is great. I always add the hot oil peppers to top it off and BOMB shit on POINT! ENJOY!
1	I haven't been here in a couple years and now I remember , why!  I just wanted something quick and good , I got neither.  I ordered the large lemon chicken. My order took about 20 minutes and I found out why, when I got home it was on the verge of being burnt.  The  thought of taking it back crossed my mind , but I was hungry ,tired and mad .               It came with two large pieces of chicken breast and a not so lemony sauce.  It was  sooooo dry, but I was hungry and ate what I could. I will not be going back!! I would love it if Panda opened close by , not a big fan of Panda but Chow mein express really sucks
3	The woman who takes the food orders is moody, or just plain rude. When you ask her questions she always replies with, "I told you.." then the blah blah part comes in. I love their General Chicken and Sesame Chicken. When I tried their teriyaki chicken, it was swimming in teriyaki sauce, which isn't even good, it was too salty. I really like this place because it's convenient, and I'd deal with a moody lady anytime just to have good food.
1	Closed
