5	I had a few old pieces that I no longer wear, and I brought them in to the shop and they gave me a great price for my jewelry.  I thought they were really fair after being several places.  Now I can buy something that I will wear.
5	Shopped some jewelry around that I was looking to sell. I found lv jewelry exchange and decided to make a stop. Decided to sell my jewelry they were honest and fair. If you are looking for somewhere in Vegas to sell your jewelry you should check them out.
5	Stopped in to this shop earlier this week because I saw the huge *we buy gold* sign on the street.  Took in one of my old Rolex watches to sell.  I was really impressed with the guys knowledge behind the counter to.  He told me a out my watch in great detail and offered me a price.  Always doing my due dillegence I left and went and got 2 other quotes then ended up back at lv jewelery exchange because he offered me by far the most money.  I must add that he was by far the most personable of the 3 shopsCongrats as you have earned my business when I am in Vegas. I will most definitely be back
5	I came here because I wanted to get rid of an old tag watch that I never wear anymore, and maybe find something new. They were extremely professional and know more about watches than anyone I think I've ever met. I had been to one other place before who wanted to give me peanuts for my watch, but these guys came up with a really fair offer. Not only that, they had a lot of really great pieces they offered to sell me.I would highly recommend LV Jewelry Exchange for anyone who wants to buy or sell used jewelry!
5	This place is really great. The staff is efficient and professional. I was so happy I got a great price on my jewelry.
5	Aaran at LV Jewelry Exchange is a great help and a wealth of information on your gold. He is fair and honest which is rare in Las Vegas. I will definitely refer business his way. Thank you
5	Stopped in to get my Mazda watch appraised and although Aaran couldn't give me a price, since it was exclusive to Mazda, I still enjoyed my time there. He is very fair and honest when it comes to giving appraisals and he is also very knowledgeable and funny if you happen to strike up a casual conversation with the guy. If I find more stuff to hopefully sell, I would definitely go to him first.
5	I was here once before with a bag of old things that the man working helped me with. This was my second time coming back. And I got the same high level of customer service and treatment. The store is clean, friendly, and the staff is honest and straight to the point. Which is exactly what is needed. Today I brought a deceased family members Diamond in for evaluation. They were more than helpful he pulled out a microscope and explained everything to me and made it easy to relay the information to the rest of my family. I had brought the diamond to another shop that my brother recommended earlier but after coming back here my brother and me both really noticed the difference. The amount of time he spent explaining to me the details made all the difference. I am just happy to find a place with some blunt honesty and expertise. The two guys that work at this shop are straight to the point but very helpful at the same time. I would definitely come back if ever I need to sell some more things. I give this shop 5 stars because they really did make a difficult experience easier. Thank you lv jewelry exchange.
5	The owner was very professional and had so much knowledge on the watches and jewelry pieces I brought in.
5	This was the 2nd place we went to try and sell old gold pieces we no longer wear. What a difference in knowledge and costumer service we received going here. The Owner was so friendly and even took time teaching us what to look for in diamonds, resale value, etc. the amount he have us for our jewelry was very fair and roughly 30% -50% more then other places offered. Highly recommend this place!!!
5	After a trip to a pawn shop and am hour at another "I buy gold" place I showed up at this amazing shop. The owner was friendly and direct. I read the yelp reviews and he lived up to them. I had quite a bit of gold to sell. He was upfront about what would sell and what I could get from a private buyer for some of my Jewlery (a set of pearls). He gave me a much better offer then I had received previously and was very quick and professional about it. I will come back for his knowledge, his speed and his personality. Thanks for a great transaction.
5	I was selling some jewelry I called this place of business and the owner was extremely polite and very helpful and generous with his knowledge I then arrived ...he appraise my jewelry and gave me some tips as to how to sell it if I didn't want to sell it to him.... this was a pleasant experience for someone in the vulnerable position of selling jewels.. I would definitely shop here again and refer any friends and family to this business...
2	Knowledgeable. Plays on your intelligence - you need to have good idea what your items are worth or what you are willing to consider a fair deal . Must ask direct question to get answer as he answers question with question.
5	Needed some cash for Christmas and had a gold watch which was ruined in Superstorrm Sandy.  I discussed  current market pricing with Aaron and we struck what I felt was a fair deal.  I would certainly deal with him again if I sell any other jewelry.
4	Neutral review. If I didn't have to give any star ratings, I wouldn't.Basically...needed to sell a pair of my diamond earrings. Retails for at least $1,000+Aaron, the owner, was very very knowledgeable. He wouldn't pawn off my earrings due to the two different stones being different colors (?) To the normal shopper/jewelry wearer, they look like crystal diamonds to me.....but he said one looked more "crystal/whiter" than the other. It's difficult to explain but in the end, I understood his decision. Long story short, he was polite and even though we couldn't make a sale here....we weren't offended or disappointed. This guy knows his $hiT. Check his business out first if you need anything appraised or looked at.
5	Super Stoked!! New to town did some research and heard good things, sold my Yacht-Master for much more than I though I would Auran is super chill and knows his shit!!!
