3	Ok...time to get in shape - I wasn't motivated enough at the Y and decided I needed more personal one-on-one type service.  So, I dropped my Y membership and have been checking out alternatives. I went in to GISFW today for a evaluation & decided to join.  I normally don't like committing to a year contract for things like a gym membership, but I decided to take a chance and sign up. (I really hope that I do not regret this decision - but you'll be the first to know about it if I do!)The GISFW concept isn't for everyone, so let me break down the pros & cons for you.  Pros: I like the fact that the place is geared for women. (Some of the gyms I have checked out lately are definitely geared for men --sweaty no-frills gyms-- and some are more like "meet-markets" - definitely not what I am looking for!) And I also like the fact that they keep the workouts and the entire program very structured (which I need right now).  In addition, they have a trainer working with small groups (4 women at a time) to coach you while you are working out.  I do like the fact that  they focus on interval & circuit training and the workout is a good balance of strength-training and cardio. Each session is one hour and you start with about 30 mins of strength training - and on different days alternate working your upper or lower body. Then the remainder of the time you do interval cardio on either a treadmill or elliptical machine. The trainers and employees are very nice and seem to really care about their clients. But, they are there to make sure you are working as hard as you can, so they will push you to make sure you aren't just coasting through the workout.  The program also includes nutritional coaching if you are looking to lose weight. Cons:It is pretty pricey and you will have to decide on whether you want to make a 3 month, 6 month, or 1 year commitment. (Obviously, the pricing is lower for the longer time commitment. You also need to determine if you want 3, 4, or 5 sessions per week which also determines how much you'll be paying.) Another "con" is the fact that they only take 4 women at a time - so this means that you need to schedule your workouts ahead of time at a time that is not already fully booked. (And if you are going to miss a session, you need to let them know in advance & plan a make-up time.) And finally, the facility is small... as in tiny.  There is enough space for 4 women to do the strength-training circuit while 4 other women are doing their cardio, which is ok.  But, the downside to such a tiny place is that there is only 1 single bathroom which doubles as the changing room (so if you are coming after work, you have to make sure to get there in time to change before your workout is scheduled to start.) Also, there are no showers, so if you want to go out after your workout, you'll need to head home first to hit the shower. (Again, for me not a big deal since I schedule my workouts after work and go straight home afterward.) But, at this point, the pros definitely outweigh the cons for me, and I am looking forward to getting serious about getting fit!
1	I totally agree with E Y.  Seems we bought into the same living social deal and came across the same empty promises and difficulties in getting time in to work out.  Seems if they are full,, meaning there are no time slots available unless one of the regulars reschedule,, they should have not offered the living social deal.  It's way too difficult to find a time slot.  The trainers, especially Jay, we're very nice.  Nah,, not going back..
5	I have always enjoyed exercising, walking and being active.  At the end of 2011, I injured by back and had to fore-go the gym for PT.  It took me a year to get to get back on track... but by that time... I was pretty much out of the mood and cranky and fluffy around the middle.  Along came a Living Social for Get In Shape for Women.  I went in to see the facility, talk to Gina and meet Julie.  I was hooked... I bought the Living Social and signed up.  I had a meeting with Gina . We talked about what I eat now and then how I could improve with some really good tips that are very doable.  I got some great ideas on grocery shopping and eating out.Next, I signed up for the workouts.  The book was a little confusing because I didn't bring my glasses, but Julie helped me with that.  For 4 weeks, I went 3 times each week. My schedule is flexible, so I was able to navigate between early in the morning, lunchtime, and early evening appointments.  I never missed one. I weighed in weekly, worked hard and at the end of my time, I was down 5 pounds, several inches and had a true motivation to take back my health. I think they have some folks on the calendar that are "phoning it in", so that blocks up the times for folks really, really wanting to work out.  It was disheartening to see empty equipment and I'm guessing that is hard to manage.Jay and Julie were both very engaged with the folks they were working with.  I LOVE that small group feel, but with the attention of a one-on-one training session. They know their clients and are very professional.My Get In Shape For Women, Living Social experience totally exceeded my expectations.  I wish I had bought 2!!!  They jump started my exercise/nuturition plan and I'm feeling like my 'ol self again!  Thanks Gina, Jay, and Julie!
5	I have been a paying member of this gym for over a year and it has completely changed my life. I was one of their founding members:)First of all let me explain this gym, it is not for everyone. They interview you to see if you are truely ready to enter into this lifestyle change. It is all about accountability, which means your membership fee is paid up front at the time you join. Then you are given your dedicated time slots, again for accountability. You have now paid up front and you have a time slot that is yours for the next 3, 6 or 12 months. You are with 3 other women and you start out with 30 mins or weight training and then 30 min of cardio. There are 2 personal trainers ( Julie & Jay) and they are amazing.You are also given nutrition help and have reviews with Gina( manager) or sometimes the trainers. That is also part of being a member of this amazing place.I was almost 40 and the heaviest I have ever been. I have 2 daughters and I always thought that I ate somewhat healthy. I was a size 12/14 and after 6 months I was a size 6. I am now in a size 4. I have learned to eat clean and exercise right. The best part is that every woman in this place is a support network for you. We have all been there at some point. Now for the reviews that discuss the Living Social experience I need to explain. Those are set up from the corporate office and they do not ask the gym what their membership level is beforehand. With this gym being almost at max membership the available time slots are not many. The Living Social holders have to fill in where there are no members signed up. So this can be frustrating I am sure especially if you are not flexible in your available workout times. The people in this gym that you have to deal with on a daily basis are amazing and you will not be disappointed if you to become a member
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because that's the kind of service I get there.....and the people. I've never joined a gym because I don't want to see a whole bunch of random people working out and receiving no direction. I came across GISFW while I was randomly in that shopping center and was at a point in my life where I needed some help with my fitness and nutrition. I needed and wanted that change. I called them up and left a message and within an hour  Gina called me up to meet with me and told me to come by for a "first day" workout to see if I would like their program. It's been 3 weeks now and I love that place. Julie and Jay are awesome trainers who are energetic and happy to see you. They walk you through your workouts and constantly ask about your nutrition and eating (which is good...makes you responsible and stays on track). Gina was so helpful with the meal options, and because I'm a vegetarian, she met with Julie (who is also veggie) to make sure I had the correct meat substitutes. Sometimes I'll go in and there will be 3 other women in my workout session and sometimes it's just a one on one....either way it's great and I can talk to the trainers. Every woman that's in there has a story and everyone is there, in one way or another, for fitness. And don't listen to negative Nancy down there who wrote a bad review....obviously she's never worked in customer service, retail, or been a waitress. I read yelp reviews to help me pick businesses out, but read her reviews and she's negative Nancy on EVERYTHING..sorry lady, I don't have respect for that nonsense). Speaking from someone who has had weight issues her whole life, especially after having a child, this is the best decision I have made. Give it a try and you will not regret it. You are worth it and everyone deserves to be healthy.
4	Ok, after a year's membership at Get In Shape, I feel that it is time to write an update. I am in much better shape than when I first joined and have lost around 20 lbs.  When I first started the program, I really had trouble doing some of the exercises, but now I am much more fit.  I feel that I now have the tools needed to keep myself fit from an exercise perspective and from a nutritional perspective as well. My original pros/cons from my first review are still valid.  However, to highlight my top pros & cons:Number one on the list of pros is the great trainers... Jay and Julie are super to work with! They keep you on track and make sure you are doing your workouts correctly and that you stay challenged. They also hold you accountable in terms of your weigh-ins and provide ongoing nutritional coaching. Number one con is the cost. It is less expensive than having a one-on-one personal trainer to workout with 3xs a week, but way more expensive than a traditional  gym. (To work out 3 times a week for a one year membership, you are looking at around $3084 which they expect you to pay upfront.)  While the expense can be an issue, I do think it is an important investment in your health.  My experience was worth the $$ and I have no regrets about having joined for a year.  For now my year membership is up, so I am back at the Y and continue doing the same exercise routines that I learned at GISFW. However, in the future if I find myself in need of more accountability and structure, I would certainly consider rejoining GISFW.
4	I joined Get In Shape for Women less than a month ago and so far I feel that it works for me.  The accountability that they have built into their program gives you the motivation to show up.  The personal trainers are great. (shout out to Mike!) They tweak your form which gives you the most proficient and best results, hold you accountable, and motivate you to reach your goals.  I love the Get in Shape for Women concept of women motivating women and the smaller size of the company/gym is conducive to easily getting to know your workout buddies.  I use to belong to a smaller all women's gym that I loved but about 4 years ago it closed.  Since then I have joined two very popular, larger gyms and up until now I had not felt comfortable nor had I been consistent with my workouts.  I also like the team concept that Get in Shape for Women has.  In such a short time for me I already feel like a member of the team and all the women that I have meet so far are awesome, caring team players.  I highly recommend Get in Shape for Women if you are ready to commit.  The only con is that it is a bit pricey and I personally would like to have the option of an hour of weight training but when you think about the personal (4 to 1) training you are getting the price makes better sense.
5	I have been a member of GISFW for a year and have to say that I am much stronger than I have ever been.  I love the trainers, Mike and Alex because they make sure you use the right form and motivate each of us to succeed and meet our goals.  I think that It is a well thought out program that is challenging and keeps you on track.  Accountability is the key and they make you feel accountable with scheduling your times to work out and showing up.  You also weigh in each week.  I would highly recommend GISFW.  It has worked for me.
