5	Drop dead awesome! Dodge Electric is my hero. My tenant calls me 9pm Saturday to say the refrigerator has defrosted and she has no power in the front part of the house...."Ya don't say",  is all I can think of! My husband, Mr. Fix it, is out of town and I need help, um, NOW! No the circuit breaker is not flipped to off, which is as far as my electrical knowledge extends.  I offer to pay for a hotel, ouch! So, first thing on Sunday I start dialing and 14 calls later, I reach Mike at Dodge Electric. Do know how tough it is find an electrician who works on something other than A/C?  I explain the problem and the age of the house - 30 years - and he tells me the parts will be tough but he will go to work on it right away and he does. 5 hours later, I have a happy tenant who has a working refrigerator, a bunch of new wiring and electricity through out the house. Also, he tells me that the line running to the house needs to be worked on and gets APS to do their part. These guys are great, honest, hard working and affordable. I can't thanks them enough or sing their praises more!
5	Wednesday: walk into the kitchen and flip on the lights... and nothing.  I check a few things, flip the breakers, even pulled off the plates on the switch and a dead outlet to check for lose wires, no such luck.  I called Dodge Electric on Friday afternoon and scheduled an appointment for 9 AM Monday morning.  9:01 AM Monday morning I meet the electrician and describe the problem to him and he gets to work.  9:40 AM, he finds a loose neutral wire in a smoke detector on a wall that's in no apparent way connected to the room without power.  9:41 AM I have lights in my kitchen and a slightly dumbfounded look my face.Summary: The electrician from Dodge Electric was punctual, friendly, knowledgeable, quick and efficient.  The price for the repair was also very reasonable.
5	I was recommended to Dodge Electric by my sister. I'm happy to say that I was highly impressed by Dodge Electric and their expert services and fair prices. We hired DE to install our alarm system (they also provide monitoring), misc. electrical issues, and low voltage lighting for us. I can't ask for a better electric co.!By the way, I do think its odd that "Joe M's" review of Dodge Electric is the ONLY review he's ever made.
5	We had a problem with a kitchen outlet that the technician from Dodge was able to quickly diagnose and fix.  I found Dodge here on Yelp and called around noon.  My phone call was returned promptly and a technician arrived later in the afternoon.  He found a bad connection in one of our outlets and replaced our GFCI outlet.  I felt the price was very reasonable.Electric work is something I wish I could do myself, but I know my limitations.  That's just stuff that needs to be done right.  I was impressed with the work I would definitely use Dodge again if we have an electrical problem.
5	Highly recommended and we will absolutely use again!My wife and I wanted to add some LIGHT to our great room and some SOUND to our patio. After a little research with yelp, I decided on Dodge Electric. Why? Because Mike, the project manager, responded to my email within 24 hours. Others didn't respond at all or were a week later (after I had already secured Dodge). Of course, the initial request for a quote went out as a result of high reviews on yelp.All via email (my preference), Mike and I decided on a date for Dodge Electric to come out and take a look at our home and give us a quote.Preston arrived on time and asked great questions and made fantastic suggestions in regards to what we wanted. While we had a "wishlist" of what we might get done (dependent on the price of each mini-project), we decided to price out adding can lights to our great room, speakers to our patio, a speaker outlet for our backyard, can lights for the master bedroom, a light over the master shower (per Preston's recommendation, one that can handle the moisture and doesn't give off creepy, unnatural light) as well as two 'Christmas Outlets' on both sides of our house. In the end, we just chose to light up our Great Room and bring sound to our patio and add an outlet for future speakers in the yard.The estimate came in at nearly what we expected. We had a quote from a contractor which we thought was a bit outrageous - Dodge Electric's quote was within what we originally might have expected. Everything, again, was handled via email. The quote was sent in PDF form, we signed it on our iPad and sent back the work request to Mike, who then emailed back to confirm a date for install.On the installation day, the two electricians, Francisco and Roger, arrived within the time window Mike had provided. We confirmed the work we were having done. One snafu: they were going to install dimmer switches that didn't match what we already had. During the initial appointment, Preston had taken pictures of what we already had so they matched. No problem for Roger, he said he'd just run and grab the ones that matched! No push back or anything from Roger, just a "no problem," essentially.Roger and Francisco went right to work after finalizing locations of our can lights and speakers as well as the new switches. All-in-all, it took about five hours to complete the work, which was less than expected. They cleaned up after themselves for the most part, were nice to talk to and always wanted to make sure things looked good and we approved.Such a relief to hire a service that cares about customer satisfaction. They've created a raving fan. We will highly recommend them to friends, family and coworkers without hesitation.
5	Used Dodge Electric to run wiring for installation of a swimming pool heat pump, ran wiring for 2new house fans, ran wiring for additional plug in. These guys are on time, polite, clean up their work site and simply did an excellent job
5	Called them today for a light fixture that wasn't working in my bathroom.  That was literally less than 3 hours ago and it's already fixed and done!  Even looked at another quick problem that I was having and resolved it.  Quick call back and quick service!! Great company.  I'll use them again and I definitely recommend them!
5	Very pleased with the work done by Preston at Dodge Electric.  Arrived early for his appointment.  Very pleasant and explained exactly what caused the outage in the outlet on my back porch.  Also aligned the outlet face plate so it doesn't shift anymore when I plug something in.  I also appreciated the $10 off my service call since I mentioned Yelp.com, who helped me find this gem.  I will definitely use Dodge Electric again.  Reasonable price, too!
5	Dodge came out this morning and showed us how to hook up our zone 2 and zone 3 speakers (which were already prewired). We were having a hard time with it, but Dodge explained it all making it seem very simple. They were on time (a little early actually) professional, and didn't even charge for the visit. Highly recommend.
5	Honest, reliable and competitive prices! Dodge Electric is by far an elite group of individuals. I had the pleasure to do business with Dodge Electric to install some recessed lighting within my home. The bid that I received from dodge electric was extremely fair! I contacted Mike to schedule my appointment for my install. Mike scheduled my install on my designated date. Mike said the workers were to arrive between 8-9. Right at 8, my door bell rings and both Rodger and Francisco were at my door to install my cans. They were extremely clean, neat and courteous. I highly recommend Dodge Electric for any type of electrical projects. I will certainly call them in future!
5	Recommended!It was such a pleasure talking to Mike and to hear such a friendly person! We've been waiting for two other electricians for a week to get back with us, and within an hour Mike was able to contact us and resolve the issue over the phone! He went the extra mile and made several phone calls that he didn't have to! It's so refreshing to find a company who cares about their customers! We will recommend them to any one, and in just one call he gained loyal customers!God bless you!
5	Came out and solved a couple of dead outlets at my condo; educated me about what was going on and what the correction was, and even offered to talk me through it over the phone instead of coming out for a service call!  Honest company with reasonable rates.
5	Dodge Electric -  One of our FINEST sub contractors and Team Player.  Behrmann Home Basics - BHB Remodel & Renovation is a residential and small business remodeling firm and has been serving the east valley for 10 years and we are proud to have  DODGE Electric part of our TEAM.   Their professionalism and outstanding customer service make them an asset to our team.  They are a Team Player and always put their quality of service ahead of anything else.  Delivery of electrical services is great but their attention to the customer is extremely important in this industry and Dodge Electric far exceeds most firms.  Dodge Electric will be on our TEAM for a long time.  Ken BehrmannBehrmann Home Basics LLC BHB Repair & MaintenanceBHB Remodel & Renovation Gilbert, Arizona
5	Had a great experience with these guys! We had some electrical outlets that weren't working in several parts of our house and couldn't figure out why. Preston answered the phone and he came out within a few hours and fixed it really fast - I think he knew what the problem was before he even came over. He gave me some history behind the wiring of the house and why it was happening to make sure I knew how to fix it if it happened again. I was really happy they were able to come out same day, that's very rare I think - and you can pay easily online through their website.Thanks Preston!
5	I hired these folks off of Yelp based on the reviews to work on my own home.Great people to work with. Prices are very reasonable, appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch. I've seen a lot of different electricians in my time and no one has ever done such a great job for this kind of price, ever.Highly Recommended!Stew Keene - Scottsdale & Phoenix Realtor
5	Exceptionally courteous and professional. Although our electrical problem was small, they responded quickly (in less than an hour) and the fee was reasonable. I would use them again without reservation.
5	I have a rental home in Chandler and needed to get a light fixture fixed because my tenants had just moved in and found an issue with one of the fixtures.  Dodge electric was very accommodating and took the initiative to ask for the tenant contact information and made the appointment themselves within a few days!  All in all, the customer service and work performed were high quality.  Thanks and we now have an electric go-to company! :)
5	Recently my husband returned to our condo in Sun Lakes, after a 6 month absence.  My husband had a problem turning on all lights, inside and out.  He called Dodge Electric, and an electrician showed up promptly.  The electrician solved the problem in a timely manner for a reasonable cost.We have had work over many yrs. with electricians, but none as competent as the electrician sent by Dodge.We will definitely use Dodge again.It is reassuring to know seniors can trust this company!
5	Power went out unexpectedly in half of my house. Called and spoke with Preston who said he could come over right away. He showed on time & was able to fix the problem quickly. Turned out a loose fixture was breaking the electric connection to the rest of the house. Price was reasonable & work was done quickly. I'll be giving Dodge Electric a call next time I need work done:)
5	I love this company!!  We were installing a ceiling fan in our new home and discovered some strange wiring and were worried we might cause a fire.  We called Dodge on a Saturday at noon and the owner of the company came all the way out to Surprise (1 hour drive!!) to check it out for us.  He fixed it up lickety-split and then also sorted out some wonky wiring in the garage and checked for other possible issues!!  Then he didn't even charge extra for it or the long drive!!!  This company is what businesses used to be, straight-forward, honest and willing to go the extra mile to give excellent customer service.  We will never use anyone else!!
5	Top notch company! We were so impressed the first time, we have called them three more times to come and complete small jobs: install/move ceiling fans, install flush-mount ceiling lights and switches, disconnect and patch old junction boxes and install new outdoor power sockets. They ALWAYS arrived on time, were quick, well priced, and even vacuumed up their mess before leaving. All of their staff was nice, courteous and helpful. I even emailed the owner for some do-it-yourself advice and he was prompt in returning my email, even calling me on the phone to tell me what to do. I would highly recommend these guys!
5	I have formally been banned for life from ever attempting to do my own electrical work. Seriously. The Dodge Electric electrician told me this. The guy who came out was inappropriately hilarious and I will definitely use him again...as I will inevitably need him again. Not only did Mike's (I'm PRETTY sure his name is Mike) visit fix the electrical issue I created myself, he made me laugh and saved me HUGE. I was playfully mocked for working at home in my pajamas and for making a stupid DIY mistake. He also understood immediately that I attempted to upgrade my outlets and switches in my house built in 1968 to save some cash, so he assessed the issue, fixed it, and actually TAUGHT me how to do it correctly so he wouldn't have to charge me for more than the initial 1st hour flat rate. YES! I hope I don't get him in trouble for outing him about the inappropriate humor...but I can admit that I started it (something I never would have admitted in every fight I instigated with my brother as a child) and that it was incredibly endearing and has won my business for LIFE! Thanks guys and good luck on your novel, Mike! I love having electricity in my living room again! I'm sure I'll see ya soon.
5	I had them come out because some of our outlets weren't working. Preston came out right away and fixed the issue in about 2 minutes and didn't charge a dime. Honesty and integrity like that is why they keep getting these high ratings. I will definitely use them in the future.
5	I am going to have to drop my mom from speed dial and make room for Dodge.  These guys have been out 3 times in 2 weeks...not because they did a bad job but because we keep adding work.We have had problems with power sags and surges for months.  Calls to a few of our neighbors confirmed we were not alone.  Two weeks ago, we had a surge so bad, we lost power in several areas of the house.  Flipping the breakers back on sounded like bacon frying.  Jim came to the rescue on short notice and determined the sizzling was dirt and there was technically nothing wrong with the breakers, and he was not even going to charge us for the call.  When we told him about the problems we had been having, he suggested we change our "mini" breakers out for full-size models.  Done.  Ed came out a few hours later.Next day we notice the surge had blown out the electrical on the dryer.  Oh, there was the added bonus that whenever our neighbors fired up their jackhammer, our lights dimmed.  We decided to have Dodge put in a whole-house surge protector thanks to SRP.  While Jim was here, he tested the voltage and determined the spikes and drops were ridiculous.  He called SRP himself.  Now when we called, they didn't seem particularly interested, but when Jim called, two SRP trucks show up within 30 minutes.  It took all of 2 minutes for them to determine the neutral was so bad that they immediately cut power and started digging.Visit 3 was earlier this week.  Our landscaper had noticed there was no power to the irrigation system.  Apparently my husband knew there was a problem with the GFCI outlet but "forgot" about it.  He did try to fix it, but the wiring was such a fiasco he gave up.  And out comes Jim again.  He mentioned he's actually a contractor by trade.  Perhaps, he should build himself a house next door.  I could keep him busy for years.Good honest, reliable company.  Will be my go-to electrician from now on!
5	use multiply times for different projects with different price range, never had any issue with time, or work quality, they will do $100 job same what as $1000
5	Preston Dodge sent Brian Underwood and his helper.   They were on time, professional, courteous and got right to work after a brief explanation of the scope of work: roughing in plug, switch, light and fan boxes.   Brian additionally successfully troubleshot a miswiring scenario in a separate location.  Way to go, Brian and Dodge!   Way to be on top of your game!
5	After reading the good reviews, I decided to give Dodge Electric a try, and it was a good gamble! Due to my crazy schedule, I am not easily available during the week, so Preston, (the owner?) offered a Saturday or Sunday availability!! WHO in this day and age works weekends in the trades, especially a Sunday, especially at no extra charge, and even on EASTER Sunday?! This guy was awesome,  fixed our wiring problem in 20 minutes, and answered my questions regarding other wiring issues, and patiently explained his answers. Will be calling again for future electrical issues!No need to look further, this guy is great, and you won't go wrong in price or quality!
5	I contacted this company based on really good reviews, and fellow yelpers are correct.  I needed to have ceiling fans installed before it gets too hot here.They told me someone will be here between 7:30am and 8:30am and he showed up at 7:50am in a company van.  He was very professional and installed all three fans in three hours. He cleaned up the mess and took all the trash with him, even after I offered to use my garbage bin.Payment was very simple and easy. A few days later, I received e-mail from the company with the final bill and I paid online with my credit card. How simple and easy is that!  Now my family and I are enjoying our new ceiling fans thanks to dodge electric's professional service.
5	Amazing service! I needed a light installed, only had 24hrs, and they sent a crew out immediately, within 2 hrs.. We then scheduled more work with them. They are prompt, kind, caring, and courteous. I highly recommend you consider them. Such a pleasure to have great service!
5	I was very impressed with Dodge Electric.  I called on a Saturday to ask about getting an estimate.  Preston came out that same day, we talked about the project etc.  Got a price quote via e-mail early next week, and decided to go forward with the project.  Scheduling was pretty easy (they were able to move me up in the schedule due to a cancellation).  They showed-up right on time at 8am to start the job, were professional and courteous while doing the work.  Cleaned up after themselves.The one thing they don't do (I think it's standard to not do it) is Drywall repair.  I asked Mike (their Project Manager) for a recommended guy to do it, who was able to come out the same-day to do that work too!  I was very pleased with Dodge and would be very happy to use them again.  Their price was fair and their work was top-notch.
5	very impressed. you can text or call them. came immediately. fixed the problem. honest. explained the situation. price was very fair. definately will call again.josh
5	We had a late night electrical issue, and called, based on reviews Dodge Electric.  They responded, were here and gone within an hour!  Amazing service, full explanation of the problem and very professional!
1	I am a die hard YELP believer. But after sitting here one hour and 10 minutes for them to give me an estimate I had to write this. I do not live at the condo that needed the work but when Jim called me and said to be at the property at 11:00  to 11:30 I arrived at 10:55. He " claims" he was here at 11:10 knocked on the door and left. You answer this question. If only an hour before I got a text from him and I called him back immediately why then would he have not done it again? Was he covering up something? Did he go to the wrong apartment? Could he not get through the security gate ? Was I on the toilet when he  supposing to say he knocked ?  What a terrible, terrible shame for a company to have a five star rating and Jim  who could have easily knocked harder, text me or do what someone who has a Five Star rating should do Call Me ! He would not be working for my company if a team member ever did something like that. Even after calling him I asked are you sure you were at the right condo? Did you think to text me? Did you think to call me?  Incredibly arrogant person if you ask me. PS : I was on a flight from Charlotte to Phoenix yesterday and was delayed 4.5 hours and they did reschedule and I really appreciated it. Just not sure what Jim had done.
5	I own a small business and had two small electrical projects. Four contractors came out to bid. Dodge Electric responded first and with the 2nd best price. I chose Dodge because the estimator was professional and they called me in person to ask for the job. The two man team showed up 10 minutes early ready to go. They moved an exit sign and installed a standard outlet. They were courteous to my customers and cleaned up well. I also received some good advice on how to fix a problem with my exit sign. The whole job was only an hour just as the quote said. I will use this company again and certainly recommend them for any small business.
1	And know apology from you, the owner, shame on you! Read my review I did state you were out twice. It's not you or your company it's unfortunately your estimator Jim and I would suggest that customers ask not to have him out till he learns how to call or text a customer!
5	I called in for an electric problem in my home.  I spoke with Mike from Dodge Electric.  Mike helped me troubleshoot the issue over the phone and helped me to resolve the problem.  Mike was very helpful, professional and very knowledgeable.  I was very impressed with Dodge Electric and will be contacting them for future projects.
5	I called Dodge Electric based on the stellar Yelp reviews and have not been disappointed!Our initial requirement was several fixes & installations in our new to us 30 year old home.  The work was performed on time and on budget to our complete satisfaction.  Their electricians are courteous, resourceful and totally clean up after themselves :)We've been so pleased that we've had them back out for subsequent jobs and we continue to be happy customers!
5	I called Dodge Electric because of the favorable reviews other customers have posted when I was looking for a company to place a box for a ceiling fan on my patio and an electrical outlet for a future TV. I had called about 3 other companies to ask for bids on the job. I explained that I had a house painter coming the weekend after Thanksgiving and I only had about 10 days to get this done prior to the painting work.Dodge not only sent someone out within a day to give me the bid, but when I explained that I have wired my own garage when my husband and I built it; they agreed with me on how to do the job.The first company I called quoted the job over the phone without coming out.The other two were way out of the ballpark and said there would be holes left in my drywall inside and out.The two electricians who came out not only were fast, but did an excellent job. You would never know these two electrical fixtures were not originally in the house.NO HOLES to patch! They did everything with my existing switches and the wiring in the attic.Kudos for a job well done! I will definitely recommend Dodge Electric to all my neighbors.
5	Called Dodge Electric regarding an outside outlet that wasn't working. The gentleman on the phone took the time to listen to the issue I was having, and walk me through the steps needed to fix it. While I was still on the phone, I plugged my Christmas lights back into the outlet and voila- everything working again. As a first time homeowner, this was greatly appreciated, and showed care in how the business was operated. If I ever need work done in the future, this will be where I go. The hard part is deciding what I should tell my wife about the lights. =)
