1	I got my hair done by Adriana. It was the first time ever dying my hair so I was already very nervous but my friends aunt always gets her hair done by Adriana and said she does a great job. It was mistake of trusting her. I told her I didn't want any red or tiny of red just some light brown lowlights throughout. I also told her to not dye the top layer since my hair is super dark and I'd have horrible roots. She not only did everything I asked her not to do but she also charged me 100$ for it. The place is not high end at all and was definitely not worth the money or time. I was so disappointed after hearing all the good things. She was also very messy and seemed to be rushing as she was doing my hair. Needless to say, I will never some here again and hopefully saved someone else from this experience as well.
1	The first time I went to this place, the owner did an amazing job!! color cut and highlights. loved my hair! The second time I went back to basically get the same thing I got the first time. I was attended by the same woman that totally messed my hair up! She thinned my hair out, she dyed my hair jet black almost blue, and my layers started at my crown and ended elbow length. I looked like a bird ! I hated it and never went back. Horrible place. It took 2 years to finally get my hair back to what I consider normal. no stars if possible.
5	Great place to go get your haircut, everyone is nice and the price is right. Lots of hot spanish chicks work here too if you are a guy (no homo).  Try and come during the week when it is slower rather than on Saturdays when it is busy as all get out. I don't know if this place competes against D'Avance Beauty Salon. And what does the D' mean and why is it so popular here.
5	Adriana cut my sons hair he is very picky and wanted the side comb haircut but adriana talked to him and cut his hair kind of spikey with a 1 on the bottom my son came out so handsome and he really liked his haircut. Adriana is the best in here but the rest of the staff is really nice too.
