5	I've been to a couple of shoe repair places and haven't really been happy because of their exhorbitant prices or bad service.  Happily, I've found a great repair place that I'll go to for now on.  Ed the owner, was friendly and repaired my two pairs of boots within the hour while I did a few other errands.  I was really surprised at how inexpensive his prices were and he even did a repair for free that I hadn't noticed on the boots.  It's a little drive from my house, but worth the trip.  He also repairs purses, etc. and changes watch batteries.  He even offered to make me a cup of coffee or tea!
5	I brought my girlfriend here to have her new shoes stretched after reading the other Yelp review. The owner helped her out immediately, her shoes were ready and we were on our way in 5 minutes. The owner was really nice and helpful and didn't even charge us at all!I would definitely recommend this shop.Cash only.
5	Ed the owner was super nice and very helpful!
5	Out in Vegas on business, staying off the strip. My only handbag breaks, the strap comes right off. Getting on plane to next destination shortly, no time to purchase new handbag. Spot Ed's while driving by, pop in. Not only did Ed do a FABULOUS job reattaching strap to bag (can't even tell it broke), did it in record time with a smile on his face. Would absolutely be my go to for shoe and leather goods repair if I lived in Vegas.
5	Jackie helped me out getting an old expensive pair of shoes some new heels. They work was top quality, the service was speedy and the customer service was top notch. Thank you!
5	Ed is awesome I needed white boots for my halloween outfit which is a Dallas cowboy Cheerleader I came  across these boots and ed did a great cover up on them my outfit will be perfect now thanks! Great customer service extreamly fast and very affordable
5	I searched Yelp for a good local shoemaker & found Ellada's shoe repair. Ed was reasonable in pricing, fixed my boots & was a nice man. I would highly recommend him.
5	The Best! Honest Repairs! Honest Prices! Great Service! No need to go anywhere else   So glad I listened to previous Yelp reviews.
5	Ed does a great job!  We use Ellada's Shoe regularly to repair our laser tag vests for our business battleBLAST Laser Tag.  Ed is very trustworthy, fast, and does a great job every time!
5	Also, called "Ed's Shoe Repair" on Charleston, East of Rainbow on the corner of Antelope, in a small strip mall.. this hidden gem "Ed's Shoe Repair" is the best shoe repair since Cactus' original owner Matt sold his business. Ed is a very nice guy and he does excellent work! We are very happy finding this new business :)
5	I was looking to a zipper replaced on a wallet.  Ed explained why he couldn't replace it but would try to fix it.  2 days later, he called me to pick it up.  $20 and it works perfectly and looks brand new!  Not much more you can say about a zipper.  Ed was friendly and helpful.  Will be back if I need shoes, handbags or a wallet repaired.And I love his little bichon that chills on the couch while Ed works.  He's so sweet, and calm.
5	I've had two purses and a boot repaired by Ed. He is a hoot and very talented! Great prices and good turn around time. I'll be back for all of my shoe and purse repairs.
5	I found this place on Yelp and am so glad that I did. I took in a new pair of sandals that my dog had almost chewed through. I dropped them off right before a 3 day weekend, and they had them done in one week. The service was amazing and the price was great. They did such a good job on my sandals that you can barely tell that they dog had a good time with them. I will highly recommend them to anyone who will listen.
5	Awesome service and quality for the price . I had 3 pairs of shoes that needed to be stretched since I have wide feet. Called when they were ready and they got like a glove now. Bringing all my shoes that need some love here!
5	I dropped off a pair of boots yesterday that needed repair and they're already fixed the next day! Friendly and speedy service at a fair price. I highly recommend this shoe repair store.
