5	These gents did a great job on my auto window tint.  I am more than pleased.  Got me an appointment within a week, finished in 3 hours, and everything was top-notch.  As an afterthought, we asked them if they could put a windshield strip on my wife's car as well, and they pulled her ride right in and knocked it out in 20 minutes.  I highly recommend them.  Very, very pleased!
5	Did a great job.  Finished in half projected time because they had two guys working on the car.  The place is not impressive and kind of dirty but they seem to do good work.
5	Amazing service. I am glad I went to this place and got a great deal with a groupon ad for my infinti G37.
5	Took my car in due to a Groupon to get my car windows tinted. This team of guys did an awesome job and charged what I was quoted to remove the existing old tint, stayed late to finish the job, and the tint looks amazing...something you would expect from a dealership. Would definitely recommend these guys!
5	found these guys on yelp since I am new to the area. easy, up front pricing. the 3 guys working here are all friendly and I can tell they care about quality. top notch job at a great price. I'm going back for my other car.
5	Great service and great work! They do take a little while, but if you plan for it and its not a big deal at all. But the customer service it was very good.
5	Great Groupon experience! They were able to book me in within a week and did an excellent job on my new car. The whole process took about 2 hours, no hidden fees. highly recommend!
1	1 Star because I didn't even get an appointment. This review is more for the owner so he is aware his "boy" is turning down jobs. My situation was I drive a fleet vehicle and was ticketed because the tint was too dark. I came here to have the old tint removed and legal tint applied. Once I told the boy the payment would come from Knapheide (an upfitter/manufacturer) he stated he didn't want the job, never heard of Knapheide, but I could come talk to the owner in 2 days. Here's the kicker, we have several other vehicles needing the same work done that this bozo is missing out on because Desert Shield in Tempe agreed right away to do it for just $70.  Shoot, I'd pay that myself and take the check from Knapheide but Jr. here was too busy to even consider options. Your loss.
5	Came back for my other car and what can I say? Top notch tint job again. The main technician, Greg, is good at what he does. I've had no problems with my previous tint and it is definitely keeping my car cooler. Best bang for your buck in the valley.
