4	I'm not sure why I love this IHOP so much. Maybe it's because I can order pancakes, a cheese omlette, cheesy-hash browns with bell peppers, bacon and toast and  it all tastes so damn good and is relatively cheap... although I just realized our waitress overcharged me by A LOT this morning. Grr.Pretty solid experiences all around here. Go IHOP!
4	This is the best IHOP in the valley.  It's never too crowded, it's never too loud, and the food is always good.  The service is always pleasant and attentive, but not annoying.  The best thing on the menu is obviously the Bacon Temptation Omelet.  It's stuffed with like 50 slices of bacon, covered and filled with some ooey gooey cheese sauce and it's like the size of a small cat.  It's huge and I can barely finish a third of it.  Their waffles are pretty good too, but the BTO is where it's at.  Plus, this one is conveniently located right by the light rail, so there!
5	We were at IHOP for Easter breakfast because our big plan for going to Matt's Big Breakfast was squashed when we drove by and discovered that they were closed that day. So, a little disappointed, we turned around and hit the IHOP on Central that we had passed 5 minutes before. We already knew the quality of the food would be fine, as all IHOPs are fairly consistent. But what impressed us was the friendliness and happiness of the staff that morning. We walked in and were cheerfully greeted by Anita at the front register. She looked around and seeing all the staff was busy, she bussed a table for us and sat us immediately. We were impressed right there. Then we were served by Kamal, who was super friendly, attentive and in a great mood. But it wasn't just the 2 people we had direct contact with. Must have been the Easter spirit or something, but the whole staff seemed to have smiles on their faces while we were there. We kept noticing and commenting to each other how odd it was to see happy restaurant staff (how sad is that?) I can't remember the last time my boyfriend and I went out for a meal and called the manager over to tell her that we were thrilled with the service. On a $22 check, we left $35. Well worth it.
4	I like this IHOP because the team of people are great that work there. Service is good and quick. If your waitperson is busy and you ask another for something they get it for you without the excuse"I'll find your server". I have gone on a busy Saturday morning and a not so busy Saturday evening and my servers have both had personality and professionalism. The food is pretty good. So kudos to the kitchen staff also. The place is always clean and neat no matter how busy. The location is prime, close to business, hotels and residential areas plus just a short walk from the light rail. It's also open 24 hours.
4	Got to agree with others, I am not an IHOP fan.. but this one.. well it takes the pancake!Had some time to kill before a flight last wed and we went here, daniel iirc was a great waiter, the crapes were tasty and overall just a nice time at an ihop for a change!Congrats to the management for not being just another chain store that would not have been remembered.-shawn
4	This iHop has the BEST staff. Even when it's busy, which it normally is, you will never have to wait for a server. They've got some great team work going on & they always cover for each other & the result is quick service. The food is good, plenty to choose from :)
4	We like to occasionally have breakfast at the IHOP on Central in Phoenix on the weekends because it's pretty close to home, and it's one of the newer IHOPs. Pretty clean inside,  We both like to order the Chicken Fajita Omelette with the wheat-grain pancakes...Very good.  I sometimes order it with all egg whites.  The poortions are are a nice size. Always feel full when we leave there.  The Good Egg just up the street...the portions are always small and I would not feel full when leaving there, and it's about the same prices as IHOP.  So, I highly suggest IHOP over The Goog Egg all the way.  So what that it's more gay at the Good Egg....These queens just don't know better!
3	Haiku for AverageMealsServiceWaitsI initially wrote my bad Haiku on the Midtown IHOP.  I'd noted how few words and sentences people use in reviews, gave mine some old Japanese flair.  Unfair.    Midtown IHOP List: - Open 24 Hours. - Best items on the menu, breakfasts, served 24 hours/day. - Low to moderate prices.   - Three streets north of the Encanto Light Rail stop.  - Across the street from Fairfield Inn Midtown.  Within a mile of a Hilton, Holiday Inn, Ramada, Marriott, Hampton Inn, and Extended Stay. - Newly redecorated.  It may be the best IHOP within 20 miles. - Good place for a long discussion with a friend or informal business connection. - Early rock and 60's soul music in the background. - Decent lunch and dinner entrees. - If your schedule is tight or you've got a half-hour lunch, this is not the place to eat.
3	Someone else attempted a haiku about this IHOP location. I thought I would also take a stab:InternationalIt may not be to most folksBut it beats BKThis is another one of those places near work that I end up at from time to time, and since I have been catching up on those restaurants I thought I would say a few words.  I generally take a half hour lunch, so I don't get here as often as some of the other places since it is a full service restaurant. But honestly, I have never had a terrible experience here--other than the last time I was there when I could not get a refill on my ice water for love nor money.But still, compared to the surrounding establishments you get decent food at a good price. Service is usually pretty good. It is clean enough. Good enough to come back from time to time since it is walking distance. And it does beat that hideous BK up the block.
1	Holy bad service! Ran out silverware. Forgot order like 3 times. Food cold. Go elsewhere on a sunday morning.
3	I want pancakes!! Yup that is what I said while attending a friends bubbly party. For some reason all that champagne had me craving pancakes. So after the party wrapped up my friend Matthew joined me while as I made my way over to IHOP.  We got seated immediately and our waitress was at our table within in minutes taking our order. I just had some plain ole pancakes with eggs, hash browns and bacon. None of those fancy pancakes, just plain ole buttermilk pancakes lol. My only disappointed was the bacon. Don't get me wrong, it was extra crispy like I had requested but they were the two smallest pieces of bacon I have ever seen. I had to eat them slowly so that I could bask in the yummy flavor that is extra crispy bacon. Oh and the pancakes, YUMMY! They were big and fluffy, just the way I like them.All in all, not to shabby for a late Saturday night. Especially since all I wanted was pancakes. I was a tad bit colder in there than I would have liked, and it seems as I was not the only one who thought so because quite a few people had to put their jackets or coats back on to eat. Eh, as long as my food came out piping hot, which it did, then I am happy and for me that is a win in my book.
1	I've been here before but this last time I went sucked. Why you may ask?It was the waiter being rude, ignoring me, & food was cold. Plus he kept looking at me every time he passed by our table. Not checking me out or flirting but ugly looks. He's lucky I didn't have a little walk with him outside the ihop for disrespecting me. Lucky for him I was with my sister.
3	It's Ihop, good when nothing else is open and you want breakfast.
4	Crazy busy but really good service.Breakfast/brunch places are usually very busy and IHOP was no different. There's a really small parking lot at this one which makes it hard to find parking, but if you wait a while someone usually leaves!There's a very broad selection here, from waffles, pancakes, omelettes, and potato dishes. Something for everyone.The waitresses were friendly despite being super busy. Food came out promptly, the beef tri-tips were a little under seasoned but a nice way to start the day. Pancakes excellent!!
5	Working 3rd shift and this is the closest place that is open. Overnight staff is quick and nice. They don't mind that I order to go, and usually offer me a soda or other beverage while I wait. Definite staple in my 3rd shift diet.
2	The only reason I'm not giving just one star is because our server did try hard to make our experience a good one. Unfortunately, our food took forever, it was cold, my eggs were overdone... AND we were sitting where I could see right into the kitchen. This allowed me to see another server drop toast on the floor, then pick it up, put it on a plate and serve it to the people behind us. I'm not sure if my upset stomach is my mindset or bad food. We should've gone to TJ's. Won't make that mistake again.
1	This place does not even deserve one star. The place was dirty and the service stunk.
4	I'm not a big fan of chains, however I made an exception for IHOP and I was pleasantly surprised. The server on St. Patrick's day was great. She let me order off the kids menu and I was very grateful. The food was normal quality chain food, but it hit the spot.
2	Poor, slow service. Food that was just okay. A manager who didn't want to make an effort to address either issue. The worst part was when we saw another table's food being brought out, with one plate of food stacked halfway on top of another plate of food. I would have flipped if I'd seen that with my order.I realize they were busy, I realize that our server was (by his admission) new. Doesn't excuse the fact that we didn't see him from the time we ordered to the time we got our check. Someone else brought our food. And the manager just blew off the mistakes. I wouldn't bother.
3	The Brioche french toast they're advertising now is amazing!Service was quite good; I've been here before and it isn't always good.Clean enough.  Decent prices.
2	The egg yolks were neon yellow ... literally. That is not natural. Go to Matt's Big Breakfast!!
4	Clean, friendly and fast.  There are the occasional crazy people that walk in and raise hell and she was something else on the morning I visited, but that is downtown Phoenix for you. Menus were a little sticky, the waitress was 10 years past retirement and my breakfast was delish.  IHOP never disappoints.
1	The hostess tatiana was extremely rude. She laughed at my coworkers name. Never had i seen or heard of such blatant disrespect from someone in the food industry. Obviously the managers need to be more careful if they want to start hiring residents of the nearby ghetto. I got sick afterwards but since my coworker didn't I won't blame ihop. One star for not getting me sick . Minus four stars for service.
3	Location was clean. Service was fast. Staff was friendly, and at unholy hour of 5:30 A.M, I think that deserves special recognition.  Got big, filling breakfast with coffee for $10+tip.  I have had more spectacular breakfasts but this was good, tasty, filling, and an improvement over last time I ate at this same location quite some years ago.  I'm fairly sure there are no hand-picked-by-the-chef truffles personally-massaged-with-organic-certified-prepubescent extremely virginal olive oil or the like on the premises, but see above: tasty, filling, clean, fast & friendly, $10, and an improvement from last, long-ago visit.  It's may not be "destination-dining", but I'd hop in again.
1	I have been going to this IHOP every month for 4 years. Our group is anywhere from 8 to 25. There are only two places in the restaurant that accommodate groups and for the most part, we have been seated relatively quickly. Over the past year, service has gone down hill. It started taking forever to get our order taken, get our drinks, or get our food. We are a very forgiving bunch and know it's not easy to serve a large group but as service started really sliding, our last trip ended the relationship. We had about 20 people and knew we would have to wait a bit, but after 30 minutes, we inquired how long and it was like "your waiting for a table?"the kept sitting people at the tables that only could accommodate large groups. How can you not remember a group when they take up the whole lobby? We called a near by breakfast place and they were thrilled to have our party, which grew smaller since some left at that point. We found a new home and they will get 5 stars on my review.
5	Paul was an awesome waiter..  Very friendly professional and took pride in what he appears to love doing..  Food was fantastic too..  Thank you Paul
5	Was seated right away.got coffee within 3 minutes of being seated. The waitress was fantastic! Very helpful friendly, and kept coffee full, and plates cleared. Food was fresh and hot. Honesty best dining experience at an IHOP I have ever had. Keep up the great work! I would definitely go back again!
2	Service was okay, but like most breakfast spots the wait between getting seated and ordering the food/drinks was longer than I'd prefer.  The food was decent. However, the biscuits were undercooked as well as the hash browns being too soft for my taste. The benefit of coming here is that its open 24 hrs. Nothing else around the area was open at 5:30 am.
1	A terrible experience all around, it took forever to get our drinks, and it took around 50 minutes to get our food even though the place was not that busy. On top of that the manager was having a discussion with the servers near the kitchen door because the servers were complaining about the cook having an attitude (couldn't that be done somewhere besides the dining area?) and being slow. Our server had an attitude the entire time as well, and even heard him complain about getting new customers and not wanting to clear off the tables next to us. Negative experience all around, our food was OK but everything else was not pleasant to say the least.
1	Me and my wife visited this spot at 3am yesterday and it was just not as run well as any other ihop in the valley. It was dead in the morning, barely 4 other tables that were seating no more than 2 people per table, and we had to wait 15 min to be seated. When we sat down, we waited another 30 min for our food. Getting irritable and upset is really easy when its this early in the morning and all you want to do is eat... we decided that we couldnt wait any longer and rather get Jack in the Box for the convenience and quickness. I told the manager that we were leaving and she hurried our food out just as we were getting up so we decided to stay. But as soon as we wanted to dig in, our server never gave us forks, knives, or spoons!!! The manager took care of us from there and gave us a discount for the "wait".
4	We enjoyed our visit to IHOP and did not have any complaints about the food or the service. Our waiter was very attentive and honestly, you have to be a total loser to mess up breakfast lol. I got the raspberry peach pancakes and they were very good...I don't visit IHOP often so it was a nice experience especially being on vacation, and a great way to start our day of shopping lol.
4	I've been to two franchises and this one is my favorite.  Parking lot stays pretty packed, so keep an eye out for someone leaving.  I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated.  Service is relatively fast, however, you must stress how you want your bacon cooked (or it'll be limp) and eggs (or they'll be either soft and/or runny). You must also request plenty of napkins.Overall, the food is great and you definitely leave feeling full and satisfied.
1	I have time to write since it took 45 minutes to get my food.   Why would soup take 35 minutes?  And then be runny.   My daughter made me come but next time I'll put my foot down.   No more IHOP  for me.
