5	I have no idea why it insists that this location is closed... I'm a regular here and I can assure you, it is most definitely open for business!Midnight to 4AM all drinks are half off. They have pool, darts and it's never over crowded. You'll never want to go to another scenester bar again.The only down side is if you're looking for food after 1AM, make sure you grab it before you hit the door. Their cook leaves around then and no food will be served.
5	This is the only PT's that I like. Derek is the most amazing bartender ever!  I've been going here for 6 years and I drive out of my way now to go there.Let me put it this way.  Once you've been in a time or two, you will be greeted the next occasion at your favored sitting place with the drink that you ordered. For instance, my ginormous Miller Lite is sitting at my favorite place and bartender greets me with a bump before my butt hits the seat.  ...and greeted by name.It doesn't get any better than that!
2	I really love most PT's but in this one I always feel uncomfortable. The two bartenders who are usually there seem like they go out of their way to be rude.  I can see that maybe they are joking but to me it's unnecessary.  Just give me a tall glass of beer with a smile it's not that difficult.
3	Seems cool so far man. Was a great hamburger good service and friendly people everywhere. I had a few nice cold ones and a excellent hamburger.  Only problem I had was I am a ex-smoker. And had to take a shower when I got back to the hotel because of all the cig smoke! But it's Vegas and that's to be expected I guess. anyway I wont go back simply because of the smoke but the food and service was great.
4	Never been a big PT's fan... but stopped in here for a drink in the afternoon. It's just like every other PT's in Vegas which is why I'm not a huge fan of PT's. However, they are reasonably priced and have plenty of TV's and gaming.Diane was the bartender and she's great. Definitely recommend stopping in while she's there. Very friendly and great service... I'll be stopping in again when in the area.
