5	Great family owned business . You will love the menu and food .
2	I have only had the pizza here.  Did not impress me, just fair to average pizza.  I have no plans to try it again.
5	Ordered from krazy bros a few times now and they've never disappointed us! We've tried their calzones, hoagies, wings, and salads. Large portions, great taste, interesting menu for a pizzeria, and great price:cost ratio! I've recommended them to other friends and have had similar consensus. If you aren't a complete believer, give them a try if nothing else - You wont be disappointed!
3	Great, affordable pizza! We ordered for the Superbowl and not only were they timely (on one of their busiest nights of the year), the delivery man was very nice. The pizza was pretty good and I would definitely order it again. The best part was the price. Typically, a pizza like the ones we got, our in the $15-25 range, but we got two of their "specialty" pizzas for $25 total and they were excellent. They only get 3 stars because only a tiny, tiny handful of pizza places get 5 and 4. The breadsticks were a little less desirable (not bad, just really no flavor) and that made me strike one more star.Good choice though!
2	Pizza was ok, it was thin and dry...... haven't had anything else besides the pizza, as that was eh
3	Best hoagies in Pittsburgh as far as i'm concerned.Pizza is ok but not as good as Fiori's or Slice .Good side dishes such as pasta fagioli and etc.
4	I always buy local instead of chains for pizza.  Krazy Brothers is a good local place to support your local businesses.  The pizza isn't gourmet, it's just your local pizza shop.  The sauce is sweeter than other options, but not overly sweet.  They are not too skimpy with the toppings and their yellow peppers are on the spicy side with a delightful fresh crunch.The hoagies really stand out.  A half size hoagie can easily feed three people.  The bread is crispy on the outside, but soft and buttery on the inside.Krazy Brothers is a great choice at reasonable prices.  Staff don't go out of their way to be overly friendly, so don't expect too much.
