4	COSTCO FOOD COURT IS THE BOMB!Every time I shop here at Costco, more often then not, I end up eating at the food court. So of course I always end up looking to check in and nada, zip, zilch, nothing! So now for all of you that are reading this, HOORAY! You can check in now! Maybe it will get you some type of badge.As everybody knows, the Costco Food Court has some of the best tasting food at prices that everybody loves! Let's see, you got your choice of either a Polish or All American Hot Dog that comes with a drink for $1.50! Can I get an AMEN! A Chicken Bake for $2.99, a Toasted Ciabatta Turkey Sandwich for $3.99, and some other items that catch your eye as well like a huge slice of either Cheese, Pepperoni, or Combination pizza for umm......damn I cant remember cuz I only order it for my kids.Anyways, you guys get what im saying. They have something for everybody and its not too hard on your wallet. I say the price you pay for the membership alone is worth it just for the food court!The only downfall that irks me is that they only take cash. You would think that since you can pay with either debit or American Express at the front registers that these guys would have the same set up. NOT! Although you can pay for whatever you wanna get at the food court at the front registers is a little better, that still is kind of a hassle.In the end, I have yet to have a bad experience with the service and food every time I eat here. Imagine a Costco thats 24 hours. Now THATS something to behold! It IS Vegas so you never know. In the meantime, I can always go for a hot dog or turkey sandwich.
4	99% of the time we stop by eating here after shopping. I always order the Hot Turkey and Provolone sandwich for $3.99 (turkey, provolone, red onions, tomatoes, & pesto on a hot ciabatta roll). Nom nom. How can anyone not like Costco food court? Decent food for outrageously cheap prices.  For under $10 I can feed my family of four for lunch. Total WIN! in my book.
5	Best pizza ever. Nuff said. Prices are cheap and food is good.
5	Ice cream on a stick, dipped in chocolate and then sprinkled with lots of almonds, love it!!! Big enough to share.
4	Cheap but decent food.  Good place to eat after shopping(no I don't eat at every sample station multiple times).
5	I love how everything is cheap. The dollar churros are bomb! The pizza is bomb! The polish sausage is bomb and for $1.50 plus tax. Haha but wait there's more. It comes with a drink! The wait isn't too long quick service. Sometimes it might be hard to find a table to sit at. Or a clean one. Some people are just messy eaters. But other than that good food for cheap!
5	You can never go wrong here. Food is great and cheap. We're at the DMV today with a 140 numbers in front of us so we decided to go down the street and have a slice of pizza while waiting. Pizza is so yum and big slices!
