5	Do you need 3 sticks of cinnamon, 2 tsp of cream tartar? You go to this store! I hate it when I have to stuck with spices and dried herbs for over months because I have to buy again! But here is the solution!  You can buy whatever amount you wish for! Not only herbs and spices but also grains, honey, peanut butter( you know sometime you want to have peanut butter jelly sandwich and celery with peanut butter and have to buy the huge jar and take up your tiny fridge space? for a year and you have to through away?  that's so sad....), all kinds of chocolates like figs, raisins, almonds cover with chocolate, breakfast cereals, oats, little yummy munch stuff, molasses, teas- all kinds of flower, regular teas and so on so on and so on.  This little store is a gem on St. Laurent!  I usually go when I go to Old Europe, stop at Pharmaprix and then this store! Today I will go there and buy 2 TB of cream of tartar for my snickerdoodle cookies.Oh! by the way everything are much cheaper than you buy in Provigo or some stores in packets.  I bought garlic powder, ginger powder, cinnamon sticks, bay leaves, whole glove last time and it was less than 3 dollars.  - Of course I bought whatever amount I needed at that moment.  They are always fresh too! There are also organic veggies, tofu, vitamins, juices and etc.
4	I remember this place when it was very hippie dippie and one could find all sorts of almost impossible herbs, spices,or  ingredients to make one's own lotions and potions;all encased in huge glass jars. This is no longer so, there appears to have been a change in management/direction over the years,now there is no longer as much stock or choice. No longer can one find the "almost impossible to find"here. That being said,one can still find and buy by weight: coffee, a limited variety of teas/tisanes,herbs,spices, grains, chocolate covered nuts,raisons,snack foods, baking ingredients,and liquid soaps,detergents,shampoos,and conditioners;as well as olive and vegetable oils,nut butters and honey. The fun has gone out of shopping there (for me, as I preferred it the way it used to be), but to get the basics by weight; little, or a lot, this is still one of the go -to stores. There is a 10% discount for the 60 plus and students.
4	Frenco is a great place to shop if you are trying to reduce your environmental footprint by buying bulk foods in re-usable containers. Also, the food items are generally cheaper than elsewhere. Buying just the right quantity of whatever you need is a big plus if you want to avoid having too many items in your cupboards. The staff is happy to weigh your containers before you fill them up, and they also sell containers and provide free plastic bags if you forgot yours. The one thing I dislike, though, is that for some (not all) food items, the scoop that people use to fill up their bags is placed completely inside of the container. This means that the handle, which everyone can touch, is in direct contact with the food. For foods that need to be cooked before being eaten (e.g., rice), I don't care too much, but for food that I usually eat as it is (e.g., sugar, raisins), I prefer not to buy them there. Examples of items that I like to buy there in bulk are: olive oil, dishsoap, rice, cereals, tea, spices, couscous, polenta, chocolate chips, nuts, seeds. They have a lot of organic foods, too.
4	I really like this place! You can find so many products! Being gluten intolerant, I come here to find substitution flours and always find awesome dupes cheaper than in regular groceries and health stores. I also really like their honey and raspberry jam!I also really take advantage of their last week-end of the month: 15% off! Definitely worth a look if you enjoy cooking and food!
