5	Me and 2 best friends were in town for a girls' getaway weekend in the beginning of this month & I was due for a massage.  One of my best friends never had a professional massage, so I definitely wanted to find a place that would deliver that total spa package experience.I loved everything about Verve.  It's nicely decorated and the staff was super friendly.  We were served warm sparkling cider too!  Such a perfect drink to give us since it was cold and rainy!  The only con I have is that it took a while to get a massage because there was another party upstairs getting full-on pampered.The owner, Verbena, was the one who actually gave me my hour long massage.  IT WAS THE BEST MASSAGE I'VE EVER GOTTEN.  She listened to my concerns (I was getting over a cold and I had neck/shoulder problems at the time) very well and if I lived in Charlotte, I would be there every month.  Every week if I could!
5	I come to Verve for one reason only, Pooja.  I drive all the way from the Ballantyne area to see her as she is the best eyebrow threader I have met in Charlotte.  She is very thorough and makes you feel comfortable.  Plus she is super nice.  A little on the pricey side (eyebrows and lip threading plus tip = $32) but she is worth it.
5	Ok, so I was in need of a backup stylist this week and I ended up at Verve.  Let me start by saying that I was very impressed from the moment I walked in, I mean this place is beautiful!  It's an old house turned into a salon.  The owner, Verbena, was very professional and friendly as well as the other stylist there.  This is a full service salon, I mean in addition to hair, you can get a mani/pedi, facials, massages, waxing, etc., the ultimate one stop shop!  Tiffany did a great job on my 'natural transition', I would fully recommend her for your hair care needs.
5	AMAZING massage! Kind, welcoming people in a beautiful space.While spending a few days in Charlotte, and in desperate need of a massage, I discovered Verve on Yelp and booked an appointment for a 60min massage same-day. Verbena's (owner and massage therapist) gorgeous spa oasis is a calming, beautiful heaven-like place on a peaceful sidestreet. It's also where I enjoyed one of the best massages I've ever had.Go now.
4	I was meet by my name as I was leaving, little touches like that add to the warmth of the salon.  The decor was soft and inviting and the entire staff was friendly.
5	I was recently in Charlotte for business and my cousin joined me so we could celebrate her very important 50th birthday. I wanted to find the perfect place for pampering and relaxing and Verve was it! From the beautifully decorated and welcoming property to the warm and inviting staff members, this was the right spot for the occasion. The owner, Verbena, was very accommodating. From the fabulous signature pedicure to the gel manicure, we were treated like queens. The other staff members were equally wonderful and all helped make the day special for cuz. I couldn't have asked for more, and I'm picky when it comes to my pampering.If I haven't convinced you yet to check out Verve, you MUST go check out the pedicure massage chairs. They make you forget all of your troubles. Oh how I wish I could get one of those chairs for my home! I'd be a very happy and satisfied recluse. Thanks for a wonderful day, ladies. I will return.
5	LOVE me some Verve (pronounced, by the way, ver-vay). I just got back from my first eyebrow threading with Verbena and am in a great mood from it. I know it sounds weird for an eyebrow threading to be a relaxing experience, but it completely was! The place is beautiful, clean, calming and homey. The receptionist was incredibly sweet and my wait time was short. Verbena, the owner, was SO cool- one of those people who makes you feel so welcome and relaxed naturally and right off the bat. We had a great conversation while she was EXPERTLY (like, no pain whatsoever) shaping up my brows. And I tell you- she killed it. I've never been super into getting my brows done- usually when I leave an appointment I'm thinking something along the lines of "Pretty sure I could have done this myself and saved some money" if not "Holy crap they did way too much; I look crazy". But now, after seeing Verbena, I get it! I will be a regular, religious eyebrow threader at this place. My eyebrows look so great and my whole face just looks cleaned up and polished. She just totally, totally nailed it. And, while she was at it, she gave me some great advice for my skin type (she really knows her stuff) and a sample of some AMAZING face sunscreen that feels and smells like heaven. I'll certainly be back for more of that. This has been rambling, but the bottom line is: Verve is a little chunk of awesome wrapped in sunshine tied with a ribbon of smiles. I can't vouch for any of their other services but as for the eyebrow threading, atmosphere and aesthetics of the place, and professionalism and personalities of the staff: A++++. Get your butt over there, STAT!
5	I was able to slip in for an afternoon appointment and I was glad that I could. The receptionist was great and Verbena has worked to create a very calming atmosphere. I actually felt bad for wearing what were probably the loudest heels I own. Everyone in the place was very polite and friendly. Verbena's daughter did my hair and Verbena did my eyebrows herself. When I was done with everything and looked in the mirror, I seriously cried. I looked so pretty. I will definitely be going back.
5	There was recently a Groupon for an hour long massage & express mani/pedi for Verve, being new to Charlotte I decided to get it. Best decision ever!!! The staff was very friendly and the services I received were relaxing. Overall, it was a great experience and I will be going back!
3	I went for brow threading. They shaped my brows very well, better than most actually. My only complaint is with all the special lighting they have for hair removal, she left ALOT unremoved. I didn't realize it till I got a better look at home. This is a big problem for me because i have to get my brows done every 2 weeks because my hair grows so quickly. The thread that they use is super thin too. Felt like plucking. Probably a good place for everything but.
5	Verve' Beauty Spa &Salon is a hidden gem nestled in the Dilworth/Southend area. Celebrating six years of pampering, we strive to continue giving each guest an experience of courtesy, professionalism and attention they deserve. We want to ensure you are pleased with your visit each time, so please let us or the owner know upon the completion of your service if you have a comment or concern.  Or you may leave a written comment if you're shy to personally speak to us. We look forward to pampering you!Verbena, Owner
2	I went here to use a gift card a girlfriend gave me for a pedicure. Super cute location, but hard to find if you're not paying attention.  Regarding my services, I was pleased with the care to my nails and focus on the polishing. However, I didn't much a massage on my feet or legs, plus the massage chair was never turned on or offered to be turned on. I'm not sure if I got a basic service, but not my typical pedicure experience. Plus side, my polish stills looks fresh 1 week later. Loving I don't have to change too soon.  Also, the staff was extremely friendly.Warning: When leaving the building be careful of their driveway which wraps around the side of the building which provides another exit.  There's a yellow barrier stand to prevent people from touch the building. So the area to get  your car through is extremely tight and compact. Every car definitely can't get through that space without damage to the car.I would return with girlfriends if it was their choice.
5	I was in Charlotte for a girls weekend, and we called Saturday morning looking for an opening for manicures and massages. Verve was able to fit us in that day and we are so glad they did.  It is located conveniently to downtown, in a very pretty older home on two floors. Upstairs is the mani and massage area.Carolyn worked magic on us for 30 minute massages and Brit did our manicures. A+++ work. I will be back next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Very friendly staff and the services I received were beyond exceptional. Will definitely be returning for future needs and will recommend friends to do the same! Brette is great!
3	I found verve through a groupon. I redeemed the voucher before a formal event. The staff was very friendly and the location is very cute. There is a very relaxed atmosphere. I got a gel mani in red and said I wanted my toes to match as close as possible. The guy picked up a polish and said it would match. I thought it looked a little dark but since he was the professional I went along with it. My toes are a burgundy red while my fingers are a candy apple red. They do not massage your hands or feet much and they do not turn on the massage chair for pedis. My nails look good but I may change the polish on my toes before the event. I would consider going back but I am more likely to try another salon first
5	I bought a groupon for Verve and it was the best groupon nail experience I have ever had. My gel manicure and pedicure lasted about 2 hours and it was the most relaxing experience I had ever had. I would 100% recommend this place to anyone who needs a place to go in charlotte with the best service.
