4	Asian BBQ & Noodles is the newest and probably the cleanest Chinese BBQ restaurant in Las Vegas.  It is located on S. Jones in the same plaza as China Mama and HK Star, and across the street from Wendy's Noodle Cafe and 168 Supermarket.I saw a sign that a new Chinese BBQ place is coming soon, and while driving past it to smashburger on W.Sahara, I saw the neon open sign lit and the business is finally opened.  I wasn't able to go that night, but I made a point to stop by when I was free to check them out and try their food.And before I get into the review, I just want to tell everyone that this is a CASH ONLY business.  Okay, the restaurtant itself is pretty small. But very clean, since it is still new.  There is a steam table setup where they keep small hotel pans of various Chinese foods.  I didn't try any of that this time.  But since I been craving Chinese style roast duck, I ordered their Roast Duck On Rice to go ($5.50).  The price is reasonable and you get basically a duck leg chopped up over rice and drizzled with the sauce.  It tasted just like most decent Chinese BBQ places, so I was happy.  But I think the best thing to try is their Noodle Combos (which gives you the option to select their 4 noodle selections: Egg Noodle, Udon Noodle, White Flat Noodle (aka Har Fun) or Ramen Noodle.You can also order whole or half Roast Duck, Soy Sauce Chicken or Duck, Pei Pa Duck, Salt Roast Chicken and Supremem Chicken. They also offer Roast Pig in 3 sizes: suckling, medium and large (price range from $168 - $228).The owner is Cantonese, but can at least understand Mandarin when I placed my order.  Since it is simple to prepare my order (chop up the already roasted duck and place it on rice and drizzle it with the traditional accompany sauce), my order was done within minutes.Solid 4 stars for the food and value, plus now there is another alternative to Sam Woo.
5	Not the best Chinese BBQ in the world, but certainly better than BBQ king. This place is not only cleaner, but it is air conditioned. This is as good as Chinese BBQ gets in Vegas. You can also order che jai meen (combinations with I.e. pig blood, pig ears, beef stomach, etc). They serve good wonton noodles. Price is cheap too.Update: I haven't been there recently, but I heard they raised their prices by about a $1.
3	As soon as I heard from Tony about this Chinese BBQ place, I can't stop thinking about it. I woke up and drive straight to this place, although I ended up at the wrong place, look at my review at U & Me Cafe, I still have to get to this place no matter what. I just have to have a roast duck, the goal for my lunch today. The place is clean and bright. Price is really cheap, the plate of roast duck/ pork/ chicken w rice is $5.50, but if you don't need the rice, it's actually only $4.95, since i always have rice ready to eat at my home, I ordered the one without rice. Saved me 50 cents. lol. My duck was kind of cold, not sure if that's how it supposed to be. Hopefully not, because I want my duck hot! The taste is not that strong as I usually had. It's kind of mild. With so many good selections with really affordable price, i will definitely go back for more. I uploaded the pictures of their togo menu. Prices are really good. Can't wait to go back and try more of the food  that they offer.
4	Came by for a quick meal before my class.  Remembered the combos on their menu the last time, and I decided to try it out.Picked Wide Noodles with sides of "Beef Stew", "Black Mushrooms w/ Oyster Sauce", and "Beef Balls".  You also have the option to order this served with rice.  Anyway, the noodle soup is the noodle you selected with the sides as toppings.  It tasted okay to me, but the beef balls served with the largest I have ever seen served in restaurants.  Including tax it costs $6.50.I personally think the BBQ item over Rice is the better menu option, so I will definitely come back and try more entrees off of that portion of the menu.  And Roast Duck Wonton Noodle Soup sounds good as well.And this is a CASH only business.
4	Okay, this is my forth time come to this place within a month and half. That tells me, I have to re-update my previous review. I really like the price of this place, it's really affordable. Most of the food come out really quick. Well, most of the food is already pre-made, that's why it comes out fast. The BBQ Chicken and Duck is pretty good, not too much meat in it. I felt like there is more bones than the meat. But the BBQ roast belly pork is excellent, crunchy on the skin, juicy in the middle part, nice and tender on the meat. Perfect balance. I think it's my favorite, will always have to order that everytime I come. 3 stars for most of the food, 5 stars for the BBQ roast pork, 5 stars for the price minus 0.5 star for not accepting credit card.. Atmosphere 2.5 stars.  Average 4 stars. Great place to dine.
4	Best wonton noodle soup in town.The noodle in the soup was nice and firm, the soup itself was so tasty with lots of flavor from diffrent spices and a very strong but sweet flavor of seafood. Wonton was very good, it was made with shrimp and pork. They cooked the veggies just right, not too raw and not too soft.I have been here three times already. I am not impressed with other stuff on menu, but maybe it's because after the wonton soup, everything else seems second rate.
4	This is the my first time eating at this place.  I went there for lunch and was surprised at how packed this place was.  I had to try their HK style noodle soup and their wonton soup.  For under $4, there were quite a few wontons in the bowl.  But wontons were just okay, the wontons at Noodle Palace actually tasted better.  The HK style combo noodle soup on the other hand was very flavourful.  The broth was quite tasty.  The last time I had this type of combo noodle soup was over 20 years ago back in HK.  I ordered three additional toppings for the noodle soup - pork skin, beef ball and beef stew.  I expected a decent bowl of noodle soup, but what I got instead was a big bowl with not too much toppings inside.  I was a little disappointed with the portion size.   But because the broth is so good, I will definitely come back for more.  Next time I will also try their BBQ meats.
5	The roasted duck soup is delicious and only $5.50 a bowl. Swimming in the delicate broth are fresh shrimp wontons, Chinese broccoli and egg noodles Which makes a perfect treat after a day of snowboarding! All items on their menu has an attractive price that will leave your wallet full! It's a cash only and tiny hidden gem that reminds me of most places in Hong Kong which is now my new home away from the office at noon Or evenings like this after shredding down the mountains...as mentioned above!
5	I never knew that vegas had such an awesome chinatown. We've tried many places and this place was simple, salty, and oh so good. Noodle soups - f-ing greatChow Fun - huge portions and also really good. I got it "wet" and it came with a lot of veges and meatWontons - plump and tastyBBQ duck - not too fatty and good. They also have the fried bread but we didnt try it. It looked good though. Service sucked but then again, going to a cheap chinese restaurant and expecting good service is like interviewing Kanye West and expecting him to be modest...it rarely happens but when it does, it's pleasantly surprising. Definitely recommend coming here for a nice cheap meal off the strip.
5	Real deal Hong Kong-style noodle house.  Having lived in China for over 10 years, including a year in Hong Kong, their noodle soup is simply perfect.  Nice bok choy with chopped spring onion and fabulous shrimp and mushroom dumplings - $5.99.  Friendly staff.  Don't expect 'sweet and sour' anything here.  Much too authentic.  Can't wait to return.
5	The roasted duck soup is the real thing! I used to get the same dish in  Hong Kong during the early 1990s' while on business trips. The manager, Tony, was delighted to find out that his place has received  so many great reviews on this website. I told him, I shall add my own. Voila, here it is!
4	The first time I had the roast pork from this restaurant was at my hubby's cousin's Christmas party.  It was delicious.  What's there not to like about roast pork?  Uh, well...those of you that are watching your calories and cholesterol,  don't read this post.  Shoo- go away!! Or go and take a Zocor or Lipitor and come back to this post.  As I was saying, the crispy skin and the lightly juicy fatty meat was balanced very well.  The flavor was very nice and I knew I wasn't eating Sam Woo's roast pork.  It different, it didn't have the Sam Woo flavor.  It had it's own distinct flavor that was equally as good.  And I was so happy it wasn't Sam Woo.  In the Asian population, everyone knows that Sam Woo has the best BBQ in town.  Two weeks after Christmas, I went back to order 2 lbs of roast pork for dinner.  The roast pork was consistent and still tasted just as good.  A week later the hubby and I went there for dinner and their duck noodle soup did not disappoint.  Oh yeah, I'm total fan of this place.  It's cheap and food is good and hearty.   Like most Chinese dives, they take cash only and you can communicate with them in English but if you speak a little Chinese here it goes a long way.... Oh yeah, this one here had to bust out in her Cantonese.  For this super Americanized Asian girl that was real hard!  Real hard but so worth it for the good food. -M2
4	This place is legit!  The wait staff yell at the cooks, the accents are heavy, and the food is delicious.
4	Extremely clean and pleasant for a fast food chinese spot.   The star here is obviously the BBQ.  They have a bunch of noodle soups and stir-fry noodles.I like getting the side dishes in the cart next to the BBQ (stewed pig ear, pork blood, tripe)  All yummy stuff....The orders are small and only 2-3 bucks so give it a try.  The tripe and stewed pig ear is a fraction the cost of China Mama and definitely gives it a run.If only I could sneak in the fresh noodles from Noodle Palace, this place would be a 5.  Still, it's a great cheap spot that has good food and looks nice.
5	Pretty busy Asian BBQ place, a la Sam Woo but without the loud people and screaming kids. It's away from Chinatown, so mostly locals only eat here. Food is awesome. Just by myself I ordered 3 items just to try and they were all tasty. The roast duck and wonton soup was full of wontons and duck, and very little noodles, most other places it's the opposite. The steam chicken and ginger/scallion sauce was top-notch, chicken is fresh, you can tell by the chewy skin texture, kinda like a baking hen. Wife had a soup with curry fish ball, must say we had never tried this, so wasn't expecting too much, I came away loving it, wifey so-so, but then she's Caucasian and grew up on meats and potatoes, roast pork was flavorful and skin was crispy like it should be...so much to eat and best of all you can't beat the pricing.
5	The food was very tasty!  The price was very affordable.  The restaurant was very clean. The owner and staff were very friendly.  Aside from loving the food.........real Chinese people were in the kitchen cooking and NOT Mexicans.  I'm sorry but Mexicans just don't know how to cook like Chinese.  I've gone to many Asian restaurants here in Las Vegas and am very disappointed with the taste of their food because it's not authentic!  If you are new in the area, a local, or a visitor..........this restaurant is the place to go!!!!  You will not be disappointed!
3	I came here with a friend, lured by beautiful pics of glistening duck skin and great reviews. I've had many impeccable meals in LV Chinatown. This wasn't one of them. Tea: great selection and quality. Friend ordered combo (repeat COMBO) BBQ stir-fry: unlike this dish in china, it had no meat and no BBQ.My order: duck plate, likely cut by a blind butcher... Lots of spitting and cursing. They were cheaply cut like inverted and twisted pork ribs-from a professional wrestler named wilbur-but had great flavor. Too much rice.Our side of oyster sauce veggies was fantastic and there were many awesome soup options. Maybe I was too American in my selection?... I might be back to try soup and pork-something. Maybe I'll try the half-duck they offer, b/c I enjoy pain.Service was fantastic!
4	For those of you in the know, PHO is usually my choice the morning after a rough night...Still, w/ PHO having become so mainstream, I'm having a hard time dealing with all the PHO restaurant waiters and waitresses who are now too good for the morning eaters...haha, jk!In all honesty though...I can't get enough of the rich, warm broth from Asian BBQ & Noodles Roast Duck and Shrimp Dumpling Noodle Soup. In a lunchtime world filled with burgers, fries and any other quintessential American Grease bombs, Asian BBQ and Noodles offer some ethnic fare that blows away the lunchtime competition off Spring Mountain.Word to the wise...Cash only and be sure to speak English slowly! Other than that, you're golden like the crispy skin of a perfectly roasted Beijing Duck!
5	Likely the best Cantonese / Hong Kong style BBQ in Vegas. I tried 85% of the menu items so far everything is good. The roast pork belly has a crispy skin w/ just the right amount of fat. The BBQ pork has the right balance of savory and sweetness. Their porridge is the traditional Cantonese style cooked for hours where you will not find the rice grain but packed with flavor. Their perfectly cooked veggie w/ lightly drizzled oyster sauce is just impeccable (in other restaurant typically over or under cooked and drown in oyster sauce). Their wonton and dumpling filling are just packed w/ flavor and have perfect chewy texture (owner said they are made fresh daily). I honestly don't see how anyone who frequent Chinese restaurant can give this place anything less than 4 stars.
5	Roast pork belly, how I love thee.  Let me count the ways.  One order.  Two order.  Three orders...This place rocks as a bbq and noodle stop.  It's authentic with the yummy pigs blood and intestines, duck and shrimp dumplings, soups, noodles, and rice.  The BBQ is the star, of course, with that yummy, melty, oh-so-fattening goodness of their roast pork belly.  I love the sights and smells of roasted meats hanging, head in tact, in a window, and that's what they have.  Everything is good, cheap, and CASH ONLY. I found my new spot for some serious pan fried noodles, too.  Love is in the air, and it's the smell of roasted and fried meat.
4	Went in for lunch and every single person in there was Asian. You know you can't go wrong here. Also, simple menu which is great for a place like this as they concentrate on what they are good at:- won ton noodle soup - beef chow fun (dry)- fried rice with salty fish- roast porkAll of these are either better or comparable to other Hong Style BBQ places. A definite return in the future for us. Small, but clean restaurant with efficient, friendly (yes, friendly) service. Cash only.
3	Pretty good food and helpful staff. I got the combination plate of BBQ items (duck and pork) and it was good. If you're into Sam Woo check this place out.
4	Everything I had here was very good - Roast Duck and Shrimp Dumpling Soup, Fried Rice, Roast Pork Belly.  All of the staff, from the waiter to the counter staff to the cooks and butchers were very friendly and aimed to please.  Very clean.  Cash only.
4	This place is a great find. My fella and I have had our eyes on this place for a while so one day while we were craving noodles and bbq we checked it out. The location is small and pretty clean. The food is affordable and there is so much variety. The food comes out swiftly and we were very happy with our meals. My fella and I shared a noodle soup with dumplings and bbq pork. I had some pork belly as well. It was all delightful and the service was good. The server came back to check on us often and refilled our waters regularly, which is a must in my book!I'll be back for some more cheap eats.
4	Shrimp and wonton soup: good size, good amount of tasty dumplings Pork belly plate: awesome little plate of pork, the skins are super cruchy!Beef chow fun: great portion for the priceThe portions are very fair and affordable. I'll be back.
5	This place is authentic and soo good, best wonton noodles in Vegas for sure. Also got to get the roasted pork belly, not the best I have had but the best in Vegas for sure. This place is cash only which sucks but there are so many plus of this place that a trip to the atm before is worth it.
5	What a gem! I didn't think I can find authentic Chinese cuisine that is comparable to NYC until I came here. The service is not as fast, but in Vegas there is no need for NYC-rush ( : This place has quickly become one of my favorite go-to places for a cheap, simple, delicious meal in all of Las Vegas. My favorite is the roast duck and wonton noodle soup. Great portion for the price and generous with noodles (very important). You have your choice between several different types of noodles. I've tried the egg and the ramen, both tasty. If you don't want to spend $, you can get a wonton noodle soup for just $3.99 and the portion is perfect. You'd be surprised how much food they give you for such a price! My friends ordered the pork belly with rice and it was incredible. I highly recommend this place above other Chinese restaurants in the city. I will most definitely be a frequent customer : )
4	Loved the Chow Fun w/beef..  Have yet to eat at a Vegas Chinese restaurant with GOOD chow fun, other than Asian BBQ..  And the staff was friendly, a plus for sure..
4	Been to this place couple of times now and I have to say this is a little gold mine I've found. Roast duck wonton soup noodle was excellent. Except the fact that wonton has little shrimp in it.  I had wonton in many places and always had good amount of shrimp in the wonton.I would give 5 stars for that but... just my taste. But the roast duck was very good and the soup base is also addictive.
5	You could say I'm a conniseur of roasted stuff or "sieu yeah" in Chinese...Being that I grew up in chinatown SF, I have sampled this fine delicacy on occasion.And I have to say this is the BEST in Vegas!  As MC Hammer said "u can't touch this"Salty,crunchy,tasty,fatty, o sooo good!Wonton noodle soup is as authentic as can be... There are multiple combos to choose from so sample away at this smorgasbord of Chinese tapas. Chapas? A new category?I rec you try this spot n forget the rest, it trumps even BBQ king, yes I said it.....This is the real deal my fellow foodies!Forget the rest, try the best....Siyanara, wait thata JapaneseJoy geen!  Adios avedazay ciaoI meant what u knew.....
4	CASH ONLY~~~~Hole in the wall, great cheap spot for Noodles and BBQ... The duck wonton noodle was pretty delicious.. it was a good portion with a lot of duck and wontons.  the wontons were very fresh and and big.. Wish I also ordered the pork belly or pig..it looked soo good and crispy- I definitely have to come back again next time... they have many options: porridge, yellow noodle soup, fried noodles, chicken, pork, duck..etc..and you can order these items to go too.. all the dishes range from $5-8 depending on the type of meat you choose..if you dont want meat, you can get noodles for under $4..
3	Wow, after reading the previous reviews, I wish I had the same experience.  Prior to ordering it had some signs strung up above the cash register claiming 8th top chinese restaurants in the USA.   Way to raise the hype...One of my buddies lives in Vegas wanted me to meet up at this Chinese Noodle House on Jones.  After meeting him up, I was pretty surprised at the menu prices.  Almost everything on the menu was under 6 bucks.   They even have a font 20 menu for the grandmas and grandpas.I ordered the Roast Pork Shrimp Dumpling Noodle for $5.99Price - 5 starsNoodles - 3 starsBroth - 3 starsRoast Pork - 1 starShrimp Dumpling - 3 starsService - 2 starsI was really disappointed with the Roast Pork, because all the pieces I got were straight up bone; with the exception of one small piece.  Overall, I was not impressed and probably will not go out of my way to eat here again.
4	not bad for chinese food around las vegas area...i think there is a lot of MSG in their food but i dont care it still taste good..i like their roast pork...the chicken rice was good too with the sauce..CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
5	This place just right! Great service greets you at the door, they are very friendly and helpful if you aren't sure what to order. Try the won ton soup and either whole or half duck. Those are the two dishes that set this place apart. If you drive a honda or acura park where you can see your car from where you sit, this place is on Jones and DI after all..
4	So far all my visits here have been consistently good. One of my favorite Chinese restaurants. Roast Pork Belly and dry Chow Fun are my favorite dishes here. Good food for a great price.
1	This place failed to meet any expectation I had based on others' reviews. The roast duck was too greasy for words; came to the table literally drowning in grease (and I know duck is a greasy protein, this was ridiculous though). The won-ton soup tasted like fish, which is a first for me in any won-ton soup I've ever had. The pork belly was decent, but came out only lukewarm. The dry beef chow fun was the only edible item we received, and that was greasy and lacked flavor.Maybe I just don't "get" authentic Chinese food, but the food here was just NOT good. Based on the reviews, I thought I was in for a treat. I thought the same thing when I saw we were the only non-Asian people in the place. This place failed to live up to the hype, and I would NOT recommend it at all!
5	5 stars for sure!, this place has the best 'char siew' in town.  It's lean and just enough sauce without drowning it like most other places make the mistake of doing.
4	Menu is simple! Total Hong Kong style Comfort food..Love the Wonton Roast Duck Noodle and Fish Ball Noodle soup. Prices are rock bottom.
5	you can find all your favorite HK BBQ items here - roast duck, roast pork, BBQ pork, dumplings, noodles, porridge, etc.   +super clean +roast duck dumpling noodle soup+beef chow fun (dry)
4	Cheap , friendly and love their Duck .
4	Sometimes you just need some asian food.For lunch we ended up in Chinatown at Asian BBQ & Noodles for a bowl of Duck and Wonton Noodle soup for just $6.Wish i didn't have to play basketball right afterwards or else i would've gotten two bowls.
3	I was pleasantly surprised to see a full room of customers dining in this hole in the wall.  From the outside  you would think twice about walking in.  You wouldn't expect a full room of people and nice noodle/bbq cafe decor.   I had the roast duck wonton noodle.  The duck was good but the rest of so so.  Overall, I'd say I was happy with my meal and will definitely return to try the roast  suckling pig.
4	In the words of MC Hammer....too legit to quit.....I'm officially addicted!! I drop by for lunch at least once a week, especially since the prices are really cheap.  This is legit Cantonese food....and by far the best wonton noodle soup in Vegas (was $3.99 but now $4.99)...the soup base does not leave me dying of thirst from MSG and has a distinct flavor that other restaurants lack.  Someone told me they may use a fish base to get the flavor.  A big turn off for me is soggy noodles....but this place consistently has al dente wonton noodles!  Other items that are delicious are the roast pork with super crispy crunchy skin and the spicy pig ear side order.  The only thing I haven't enjoyed as much....is the duck....a little too fatty/greasy for me....Little tidbits..waitresses have limited English...so all the ABC's (American Born Chinese)....get ready to practice your Chin-glish, closed on Friday's now and CASH only.
5	We recently went to Asian BBQ & Noodle and had a pleasant surprise. We tried to go there one evening and figured that they are closed on Fridays. I would give it a 5 stars despite of this is another cash only restaurant.  The staff are friendly and the food are authentic. We ordered some roast duck noodles and BBQ pork ribs. They are both delicious and reasonable-priced. Definitely will return to this place when I crave for pork belly and cha siu.
4	Wow, A  rare find in Vegas. Authentic Hong Kong BBQ Cuisine at a very affordable prices. The gem of Las Vegas Chinatown. It's small, but clean, the wallpaper is green and yellow which makes it kind of cheesy but yet it matches with their theme and framed art.Down the street , Orchid Garden Chinese restaurant wanted $6 for a small plate of Chinese greens! Here at Asian BBQ, it's only $3!!  Delicious roast duck, bbq pork with crunchy skin. Pan fried udon was delicious. You can order their small plates of items for $3 a plate. Hainame chicken rice is so yummy, you'll hate that it's a carb. Wonton noodle soup,  Friendly customer service unlike (BBQ King= customer service is horrible), delicious food and Cash Only. Thanks LV yelpers, due to your high ratings we found this place! No more BBQ King!
5	Best Hong Kong style BBQ in town! This place is definitely local gem. My favorite dish es are roasted pork belly, spicy chicken feet, roasted duck shrimp dumpling noodle soup, beef porridge, and BBQ pork fried rice. They have the best roasted pork belly I ever tasted.  All their wontons and dumplings are freshly made. They don't make it till you order. Everything here is authentic and tasty with very reasonable price. I lived in Los Angles more than 14 years and I couldn't think of one single place which had better roasted pork belly than Asian BBQ& Noodles.
1	I must have gone on an off day, according to everyone elses review. Ordered the duck with rice. But instead got skin,bones and rice. And a bonus of shattered bones through my meal. Not pleasant.
4	This place is great! We came here for dinner last night and I have been here before and not been disappointed. Friendly, fast service and great prices. I had the Duck and Wonton noodle soup - the broth was flavorful and a good amount of duck. Three of us had dinner for $22. Also, I was happy to hear from a  friend who is from Hong Kong and  told me that this place reminds her of Hong Kong.
4	LAY HO MAHHHH. Okay so i may be THE most white washed ABC, "american born chinese", but I know good Chinese food when I taste it.  I've been to Hong Kong and had the best won ton noodles ever.. Nothing will ever compare, but I will say Asian BBQ & Noodles produces a very delicious product in fact it rivals the best i've tasted in Hawaii.So, after 2 filling days of pigging out, my friend and I decided to cut back on the binge eating a bit.  Since it was a bit nippy out, we ventured for won ton noodles and roast pork.  We sat down and instantly I knew it was gonna be a winner.  Everyone around us was speaking cantonese. NOT A WORD OF ENGLISH. NOT ONE!We looked at the menu, thank goodness it was in english and ordered 2 won ton thin noodles and an order of roast pork.Shrimp Dumpling Noodle Soup ($.4.99): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aD0EslPREWGDlSpD0RMlEg?select=pEMMe3ZosrS2rfVA9RWbPAOrder of Roast Pork ($5.99?): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aD0EslPREWGDlSpD0RMlEg?select=VeVh0G6wcGxcwHviU6gTAgVery very very good noodles and amazing won ton. I haven't had similar quality won tons since my trip to Hong Kong last year.  Roast pork is crazy crispy.  Not just crispy, CRAZY CRISPY.  You won't chip a tooth, but you will definitely feel the crunch. BEST ROAST PORK I have had in a long time.The restaurant was VERY clean, the wait staff struggles with english at times but definitely know enough to take your order, and the best part of all our lunch was $20 TIP INCLUDED..My friend said the other dishes are awesome as well.  If you have a hankering for Cantonese chinese food and are on a budget, this is definitely the spot for you.. You know what they say, "when in vegas, do as the CHINESE do." :)
4	I owed this place a review.  I've been here twice and liked both times.  After a long night of drinking, you just need something soupy.  If you're in Vegas the whole weekend and already tried pho, then you should definitely try this place.  I found this place through YELP and I would totally recommend it to people.  It's some ways from the strip, but worth the drive.  The food I've tried:*WonTon Noodle Soup with Roast Duck: great price and great portion.  The soup was clear and flavorful.  Oh, the roast duck is so good and I remember a big piece of shrimp in my wonton.  *Chinese Fried Donut: This is very good here, nice and crisp with flavor, it's good if you put it in your noodle soup or porridge. *BBQ Pork: I like to order this as appetizer, everyone loves it at the table. YUM! Makes me hungry thinking about it.
4	Very authentic Hong Kong-style "street cart noodles"!Beware cash only!I haven't had noodles and pork skin this good since I lived in Hong Kong. The blood cube is the best I've had on the West Coast (and real pork blood too not chicken, even if it's not as good as Hong Kong's). They even have Ho Fun (flat rice noodles). The seating is simple but clean. Good for a casual food stop. I'll have to try their curry fish balls next time! My blunder was that I forgot to bring cash (only cash accepted), but the staffs were nice enough to let me came back later without giving me any hassle.
5	Only downside: cash only and closed on Fridays.My parents took me here when I was in town, and yum! I haven't had good roast ruck or roast pork in a long, long time! The skin was perfectly crispy and the meat itself wasn't too salty. The duck... mmmm juicy, just perfect! I thought it was so nice of them to cut the bone off the duck and chicken breast. The cold chicken with ginger is really good here too. I used to love KJ's, but maybe they changed chefs or something because it doesn't taste as good. I don't normally like wontons, but these are good! This place is very clean and the staff is friendly. I definitely want to come back the next time I'm home.
4	It's a busy and bustling place.  I took my girlfriends and friends there.  They stood out among the crowd.  We pretty much all order the roasted duck and roasted pork.  I also had the soy chicken.  One of our friend order the wonton with noodle soup.  The food were tasty.  Good seasoning on the duck and crispy skin.  We came right at lunch and was really busy.  We were lucky to get a table.  The waitress was overwhelmed.  I never received my coke and my friends didn't get their forks.  Overall, we all enjoyed our lunch and unbeatable prices for great food.
4	If you're the kind of person that judges a restaurant's "authenticity" based on their customers, you'll love this place. There wasn't a round-eye to be seen anywhere. People starting filing in around 11 for lunch. I ordered the roasted pork belly over rice. The portion size was large and it was everything I thought it was going to be -- tender chunks of fatty pork with crispy skin on top of a huge helping of rice. It was excellent all the way around.It's CASH ONLY! and it's also closed on Fridays. I thought I had enough cash on me but was a dollar short. I read other reviews where the dish was $5.50. Now it's $6.50. So, I had to find an ATM. Luckily, there was a Bank of America a block south.
5	super authentic cantonese restaurant! i love this place, they have the best noodle dishes with millions of options -- your choice of noodles, your choice of toppings. they also have a huge menu of family style noodles, rice porridge, pork/beef/chicken/duck bbq, i can go on. i had the 3 topping-thin noodle soup with curry squid, curry fish balls, and black mushrooms. YUM. will always come back everytime i crave for chinese soup, a good break from the usual japanese ramen. :) only thing i have to remember is to bring cash since they don't take credit cards.
4	Really good stuff.  Lots of noodles and BBQ items.
5	Most Chinese food in this town sucks ass.  This is awesome.
5	A real local place! Great food, low price, friendly people! A perfect combination! Love it here!
5	Alright Chinese BBQ in Las Vegas, you have FINALLY redeemed yourself on my list of good things to eat in Nevada (which is still quite small) considering the incident I had at another location awhile back.  Love that the ladies working here are super friendly and helpful in deciding what you want to eat!  If you have ever tried the food in Hong Kong, is craving for it, well you're in luck!  This place can and will satisfy that craving!  Now this isn't your typical high end Chinese restaurant, it's more of a small eats, street vendor type of food you find in Asia.  You won't be expecting your typical Cantonese food, but be open minded to trying OTHER types of Chinese food! Yes people, there are more than one type of Chinese food, and the other is NOT PANDA EXPRESS! ;-) One of my favorite is their Beef Stew!  No, not the American beef stew with the tomato base...this is a Chinese style beef stew with tendons and beef stewed for a LONG time which makes the tendons soft and literally melt in your mouth!  On top of that, I also got the combo BBQ platter, which was decent,   Some of the things were good, but I wasn't a big fan of the duck.  There are other places with better duck, but because of their other food, I'd still give this place a 5 star.  Their wontons are amazing!  It has that authentic HK taste that is rare to find in America!  I don't know what they put in it, but I was full and I kept eating it! haha.  It was funny when I kept ordering after I finished off a plate, the stares I got from the workers.  I told them, I am deprived of such good HK food!  Check this place out!  There is a lot of things to choose from and I will definitely be coming back to try other dishes out!
2	Lo mein noodles with pork.  Too little noodles and lots of pork.  Odd.  Pork could have been good, but it was barely lukewarm.  Came with a little bowl of fish broth on the side.  Pretty crowded place.  Lots of the people are having soup and congee.  I see at least one other reviewer commenting on the lukewarm pork too, so it wasn't just this one time.
5	Every now and then I have a crazy craving of samwoo bbq since I grew up in City of Angels especially in San Gabriel Valley where samwoo bbq are running amock every three blocks.Then I relocate to Las Vegas and the samwoo here is just suck ass. Thank god for asian bbq and noodles. They are as close as the samwoo in los angeles and I cant believe my luck when I found them through yelp.Wonderful roast duck, so so on the bbq pork, I havent try all their food yet but they have crazy good hainanese rice. I am not crazy about the chicken I think big wong have the best hainanese chicken rice in vegas. But their hainanese rice are wonderful.Good service, clean restaurant, wonderful bbq. Just dont stop by on Friday cos they are close, oh yah, CASH ONLY!
5	Chinese comfort food 101.  Hot, tasty and lots of it!  I am happy to finally have found a place in Las Vegas that serves bbq meats, rice and flat rice noodle dry or in soup.  After a few days of buffets, western bbq and seafood, I crave a rice bowl, and this place is a really good place for it.  As soon as you step in, the staff smile and ask what they can do for you, even at noon.  And the place is full of Chinese people, which is important if you are searching for authentic.  It was packed, so I ordered takeout - white rice with bbq pork belly and duck.  Huge amounts of white rice and the meats, and a couple of sticks of gai lan.  Their duck soy sauce was also very tasty without MSG.  Trust me - I am supersensitive to MSG.  $8, and I could only finish half the rice.  It was filling and really good food.  It's in the same mall as Cravin' Cajun, just three doors away, so parking is plentiful.  Definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Very tasty n crispy roast pork.  Good prices n good services.  Plan to go again tomorrow! :D
4	Not much to say except...great roast pork!!!  Super juicy and crispy at the same time.  What i really like is how neat they cut it and place it in the to go box.  The also alot of other tasty items.  Roast duck wonton noodle soup is a winner or the simple bbq pork with rice.
4	The ultimate Asian cheap eats joint in Las Vegas that delivers on every level.Authenticity- here you will find old school Hong Kong barbecue where the meats are hanging off the racks  with oil dripping off their skin like LeBron James sweating in the 4th quarter leaving behind a beautiful glistening sheen enveloping juicy meat-tastic goodness that is sliced to order.  If you are rusty on your Chinese, be prepared to point at the numbers of each food item you are interested in partaking. Texture- nice chewy noodles in their soups, perfectly fried skin cradling the underside of an entire backside of pork belly, the appropriate amount of spring to their wontons and fishballs, they definitely get it right with every bite.Flavor-  No dish is subtle as each ingredient provides depth of flavor yet avoids becoming overpowering.  The wonton noodle soup is well balanced in terms of it's fish-stock like broth yet a dash of red vinegar or chili oil is permissible if not encouraged.  The meats are well seasoned to be eaten straight up but for added layers of flavor explosion, virtually all are accompanied by their own appropriate dipping sauce.  Even the rice that accompanies the bbq dishes and the hainanese chicken are packed with additional notes of spice and seasoning.   Value- A friend and I paid 4.99 for a steaming bowl of wonton noodle soup (6.99 to add some generous pieces of duck), 6.99 for a combination barbecue rice plate (seasoned rice, chinese greens, and freshly chopped roasted duck and fried pork belly) and 3 dollars for chinese broccoli coated with oyster sauce.  We had a smorgasbord of street eats before us that left us more than adequately stuffed for less than 15 bucks/person.  With my parents and their friends retired in Vegas, this is their go-to place for a nice thrifty meal or to purchase takeout meats for their potluck dinners.  Come hungry, bring cash, and leave happy.
4	I had a plate with roast duck, roast pork, rice and veg.This place is like a quick service place.  Everything is fast here!  You get a table fast, you order fast, waitresses move fast and people eat fast.  I like the prices too.  The roast duck was good - I am not expert but I liked it.  The roast pork was so damn good.  I almost ordered more!  I have never had that before and I can say I want to go back just for that.  This place does what they do very well.  I appreciate a place that knows what it is and does it well!
4	Great place! I ordered the BBQ combo plate which I think was $7.95. Originally, my order was the BBQ pork and the pork belly, but they were out of BBQ pork (I guess it was that good!). I'm not a fan of duck (I know. Shame on me.), so I just doubled on the pork belly. F.U.C. it right?! You only live once, and consuming that much pork belly that might have been the last of my living days!The pork belly was delish! The meat fat was so juicy and so tender. All most melt in your mouth tender, and the skin was extra crispy! The portions are very big portions. They offer two full strips per order with the combo so I ended up with 4. Don't worry I didn't eat all 4! The dipping sauce goes great with the pork belly. I'd really love to go back to try the rest of their food.I also noticed that they have a wide variety on their menu! They even have a make it yourself noodle bowl with all the options for meat and vegetables as well as your choice of noodle. I would also suggest to try their lemon iced tea with your meal. Their iced tea here is so refreshing and very lemony!!!! It's more lemony tasting than than tea tasting.
5	I love this place!  I'm literally in love with everything I have tried and I must go there at least once a week.  Wonton noodle soup is so addictive.  I usually add duck or pork belly to it.  The pan fried noodle with vegetable and BBQ pork is my second favorite.  You must try it if you are a mushroom lover because they put big chunks of mushrooms (2-3 kinds, not the boring button mushroom) in the dish.  I give the place two thumbs up not only for the soup and noodle but also for the hot sauce provided on every table.  The unique flavor of both the hot sauce and vinegar go with their food perfectly so that the combined flavor stand out comparing to the same dishes in other Chinese restaurants.   Another big plus is that for a little Chinese fast food place the service is always good.  The waiters and waitresses are fast, attentive and friendly.
5	The best roast pork I've had in Vegas yet.
5	Coming here twice in the last week just for their pork must make it 5 stars!  I took Janel's advice in her review and went with the double order of the pork for the BBQ combo the second time around.  The crispy juiciness of the meat mixed with the fat was phenomenal.  I've neglected Chinese spots with hanging meat for too long.  I used to eat this stuff at least once a week.    The duck is also tasty but I recommend asking for a breast cut.  Some pieces of the thigh were straight up skin and fat.  While some people appreciate it, I am not one of them.  I also had their chicken chow fun which is something I'll certainly order again.  The service is also pretty friendly compared to most Chinese places around but it's all about the pork!
3	Let me preface by saying that I am not Chinese or from Hong Kong.  I have however grown up in So Cal eating lots of Chinese food.  This place looked like it had a lot of promise and was packed with locals.  We had the mixed BBQ plate, BBQ pork with crispy noodles and wonton soup.  Everything was solid except for the soup which is what I was looking forward to most, given the reviews.  The wontons were good, but the broth was a little off.  Maybe that is the way it should taste and I've just grown up on Americanized flavors.  Either way, tasty but a bit of a let down.  Good value though.
5	I was in Las Vegas for a convention recently and came across this place and decided to try it out for a change from our normal stop at Sam Woo and what a pleasant surprise! The place was about 1/2 full on a weeknight ~ 7pm with plenty of parking. Service was quick & efficient, not a fancy place but more than adequate. Ordered the bbq plate and Won Ton noodle, both were above average. The  bbq pork belly was so good that we ended up ordering another order. They also have quite a few items in the menu, we will try out others on the next visit, definitely add this one to the dining list in Las Vegas!
2	This was definitely overhyped for me.  The service was good, the ladies behind the counter were nice.  The food was not good.  We got bbq duck, pork belly, chicken and bbq pork.  The duck skin was not rendered out and was flabby, the pork belly was crispy but had virtually no flavor, the chicken was cold and flabby and the pork belly was good.  We also ordered the highly recommended bbq duck soup.  The broth tasted like dish water.  Overall we were pretty sad, but we had an excellent duck noodle soup at Pho Kim Long the next week so I nearly forgot about it.
5	BBQ dishes are excellent here, good prices here..
4	Im not sure how to describe their wonton broth but its a little bit different flavoring than most broths but it's still good..their duck, soy sauce chicken, and hainan chicken were so tender!!service is alright like a typical chinese restaurant.cash only!
4	Out of the rows and rows of Asian food options in the Chinatown area, Asian BBQ and Noodles could easily be overlooked. Finding this hidden gem is another reason why I love Yelp. A friend recommended this place but I had to confer with my trusted Yelp friends. And once again, Yelp did not let me down!I still can't get over the amazing deal they offer. For $6.99 I got  a huge plate of Roasted Duck, Pork Belly and Rice. Everything was succulent. The Pork Belly skin had just the right amount of crispiness and not too much fat.This place is nothing fancy but you definitely get more than you pay for. If you're looking for a cheap meal that satisfies and is easy on the wallet, this is the place to go!
4	This place is HOT, no room to sit, tables are full and people are still coming through the door.  We got one of the last tables, for two, stuck in the corner, but still happy to be seated.  The menu's arrive and my husband has already made up his mind, but tonight, they are out of duck!So we both end up with a combination BBQ plate and shared a side order of noodle.  The noodle was good, my BBQ plate was decent.  The fact that they are busy, the service was just fair, and we missed out on their specialty.  I enjoyed people watching, there were so many people, obviously not from Vegas, talking non stop, and getting dish after dish.  I think that one big table, got everything on the menu!  That's probably why we were after thought in our server's mind.It's worth a trip back, to get the duck and see if we agree with so many others, that it's in the top 100!  We just need to figure out when they are slow.
5	In my recent Vegas one-day trip, I found a jewel in the Sin City !  Based on raved reviews from other Yelpers, I decided to give it a try (and I was so glad I did).  Everyone in my family agreed this was one of the best BBQ/Noodle house there is.  It rivals the best in San Francisco China Town !We ordered: Wonton egg-noodle soup ($4.99), wide-strand egg-noodle (dry with soup in a separate bowl), porridge, bbq pork dish, roasted duck dish, roasted pork.  They all were delicious and hit the mark right on.  The noodle bowls and porridge are steaming hot as they come to the table.The place was clean and efficient, very busy during lunch hours.  The restaurant closes on Fridays (that tells you how well the business is doing that they would choose to close on one of the busiest days of the week).The waiter who waited on us was super helpful and friendly - a rarity in a Chinese establishment like this.It was so good that we had to return the next morning for another yummy meal before hitting the road.  btw, we also ordered quite a bit of bbq and roasts to take home.This is definitely a "Don't Miss" noodle house.  I hope it will continue to deliver such great taste in the years to come.
5	Excellent authentic Hong Kong style BBQ and Noodles. Not expensive at all. Loved it.
4	REALLY good pork belly. Best the day purchased but it's also the gift that keeps on giving too. After a few days in the fridge and in a toaster oven in an attempt to bring the skin back to it's once crispy splendor results in kind of a failure but the pork meat itself does retain all it's flavor and goodness. Sadly the duck wasnt to my expectation. The skin which is universally everyone's favorite piece isnt as flavorful as i'm typical used to. Regardless, the pork belly itself makes this visit worthwhile for me. That was just takeout. One of these days i'd love to come back to try out the custom noodle bowls or the shrimp dumplings i keep reading about.
5	best hidden gem in chinatown.
4	This place aint fancy. No TV. Plain decor. But wow did this place hit the spot! I usually judge a Chinese noodle place by their wonton noodle soup. It's a simple dish, but one that seems difficult to master by many places. And that's exactly what I ordered. The soup came out hot! (Just the way I like it!) From my initial glance, it didn't look too impressive. But I gave it a shot nonetheless. And YUM! The soup was flavorful. The noodles were cooked to perfection. The wonton, amazing! Everything tasted fresh!Forget that disappointing Wendy's Noodles across the street. This is the place to be for wonton noodle soup! Looking forward to eating at this place again!Cost $4.99 What a steal! Cash OnlyParking Lot
4	Very good taste, inexpensive. This place is packed since it opens. The noodle is very authentic. BBQ duck is a must try. Ended up dinning here most of my stay in Las Vegas.
4	I was looking for a new place to try and this was on my radar and bookmarked for awhile. I just happened to be driving around the chinatown area after running some errands and decided to give this place a try. The restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping plaza on the corner of Jones/Spring Mountain. Walking in, it reminds of me of a Sam Woo BBQ that I used to go to in Monterey Park - not a huge place, but enough seats if you want to sit and eat, but I did notice most people were getting plates to go.The first thing you notice when you walk in is that familiar smell of chinese roast bbq and you can see the hanging meat in the glass case full of roast pork belly, bbq pork, and duck. The next thing you notice is the big sign that says "Cash Only" so make sure you hit the ATM before coming here. I sat down and ordered a 2 item BBQ combo and got the roast pork belly and duck - it came out with a small side of vegetables and rice. For $6.99 this is definitely a great deal for what you get. For $3 more you can get a plate of chinese broccoli to satisfy your veggie intake for the day. It was so good, I even ordered one to go for my lunch the next day - another 2 item combo of roast pork belly and bbq pork. I would like to go back and try their wonton noodle soup and other specialties.
5	Wonderful and flavorful!  Had the special which was a beef tomato on noodles!  Definitely a different taste and very good!  Just a note.... Cash Only!
5	I love this place! This place has one of the most authentic hong kong style cuisines in terms of the noodles. It is one of the secrets of Chinatown area until recently when more and more people are coming. It has been voted 8th in the top 100 Chinese foods list.My family comes here all the time due to its authenticity in terms of taste and cost.First, the cost for the food is cheap compared to other places and there is a variety of things to try from roasted duck, roasted pork, to noodles, to various toppings to add onto your noodle.And they are closed one day of the week, I think it was Fridays that was written.Second, the food comes really fast after ordering. This place is always crowded around lunch time and you will have to wait if there are no seats. The place is pretty small compared to many other restaurants in terms of space and seating.Third, the food is always flavorful. Though I had a couple times where the topping I wanted "Pork Blood" was sold out. All the toppings are always cooked really well.The main thing to try at this place is the noodles + toppings.You have a choice between the type of noodle you want.I usually chose udon due to my taste for a more chewier noodle.And then you can choose whether you want one, two, or three toppings to add into the soup/noodle.The toppings range from pork blood, pork belly, curry fish balls, fish balls, tofu, and etc.Also, there is a lot of different mixes that they are willing to accommodate if you ask. For instance, you can order a won ton soup and still add in different toppings if you wanted to. However, if your taste buds are not so interested in the toppings you can add into your noodle, there is always duck and chicken to try. It is always fresh and flavorful. The butcher always cuts the meat really clean so when you get the product, you don't have to go trying to pull the pieces apart. In addition, he is very delicate with the food (which also means patience) if you are looking to do take-out. But the duck and chicken are a lot better than other Chinese places I've eaten at. Very important: This place is CASH only.
5	Had our dinners there two days in a roll, the food was really excellent, can compare to the best in LA or New York Chinatown. Prices were reasonable, the only problem we had was many popular BBQ items ran out unfortunately. Will go there earlier next time.
5	Amazing. If you need your roasted duck and bbq pork fix while in vegas this is the place to be.  Good, cheap and tons of other options.  Place isn't "pretty" like most restaurants on the strip but the food is amazing.
4	A few friends were on a search for somewhere to grab a late lunch. It led to this place, located well off of The Strip. "They supposedly have the best bbq pork in Vegas", they said. Challenge accepted. Definitely off the beaten path for us, as we found it nestled in a corner of a strip mall. They ordered the pork while I got the roast duck. Awesome for the price and portion of the food. Have you ever had bbq pork with the skin on it? Not only that, but it's cooked to a crisp, like a pork rind? Oh my blob, it's good! The roast duck was very tasty, and they even topped off the rice included in the place with its sauce. Worth the visit, and worth coming back to.
4	For good old school, inexpensive, tasty Chinese BBQ there is no other in comparison to Asian BBQ & Noodles. Inside you got the hanging proteins in the glass mirror,  Chinese people everywhere, some bamboo plants, and its brightly painted walls. Its simple and plain, but it gets the jay oh bee DONE. If you aren't familiar with Chinese BBQ then I would recommend the BBQ pork or "char siu" because its ridiculous. How ridiculous you ask? More ridiculous than anything that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth. ALSO try the roasted duck, its juicy, succulent, and made fresh several times a day. Actually better yet just get the BBQ pork and roasted duck in a combo, with rice, noodles, or just by itself. If you're feeling extremely gluttonous, spend $20, get the whole duck to go, and just go primal animal on it at home in private, don't worry I won't judge.  If you're feeling adventurous well... there is the pork blood and intestine... but lets just stick with what's solid. I don't love the stir fry noodles (your chow fun, chow mein, etc) here, but if you're craving it, it will do. The roasted pork is also a favorite among everyone, but I don't really enjoy its fattiness combined with the crispy skin, however if you do, go at it! The service... well with most decent Asian restaurants, if you don't speak the language, then keep it simple, no point in confusing the work staff, or/and making yourself flustered. Cash only and its pretty clean in here (+10000 points).
4	I knew I was in for a treat before I even stepped in the door for lunch today- I could smell the food from the parking lot. After reading several yelp reviews on this place, I decided to try the Wonton soup (4.99) and the two meat combo plate with steamed rice (6.99). The lady at the counter must have known it was my first time there, because she practically grabbed my hand and walked me over to the hanging pork and duck. The roasted duck was a little fatty for my liking, but the BBQ pork was amazing. The pork was super tender and had a sweet flavor. I recommend adding a little chili oil to the pork!  The combo plate came with about 10 slices of each protein , steamed rice and greens. At first I thought they were  green onions, so I put them off the side. Upon further review, I added them back to my plate and was glad I did. Unfortunately, I didn't agree with previous yelp reviews on the Wonton soup. The broth reminded me of miso soup and seemed to have a fish stock base to it. The Wontons themselves contained shrimp -which I did not expect. Since I am not a huge fan of shrimp, I can't confirm that this is the best version of Wonton soup in Las Vegas (as other have claimed). The restaurant is clean, and well organized. There is a large menu on the wall behind the cash register that makes it easy to order. My food was ready in less than 10 minutes, and was still piping hot when I got back to work. I love this place, and can't wait to come back.
4	I was looking for a place to get some soup with thin egg noodles. I highly recommend the beef stew with thin egg noodles. Also, the wonton soup was pretty good too.
3	Wanted something cheap, good and quick so we stopped in for lunch. I've heard so much about their BBQ so we ordered up a 2 BBQ combination rice plate. The roast pork has a awesome crunchy skin and the bbq pork is juicy and succulent. Definitely good for the price and I would order BBQ from here again. They also give you a bowl of soup, this was beef broth with potato and carrots. We also got shrimp wonton soup with thin egg noodles. The wontons were quality with shrimp, black mushroom and pork. I realized the more I have simple Chinese broth soups the more I feel they're sort've one noted. Just a personal preference, but I think anyone who wants a good wonton noodle soup with some greens will be satisfied.They serve complimentary tea, which was sort've odd tasting. It tasted like moth balls to me and the BF said it was like spinach water.  Servers was friendly when we were ordering, but I wouldn't say there was much service at all. We weren't ever checked on or refilled, we went to the counter to pay. BBQ definitely quality and I would order some to-go of this sometime. It's just one of those places that isn't bad, but didn't impress either. It's good for all the things they do and makes for a good cheap work option.
5	This is my favorite chinese BBQ place in Vegas, and maybe for the whole world.  They have simply mastered the whole chinese BBQ thing.  This place is always busy as well.  Fortunately the service is fast,, so getting a table won't usually take all that long.  They have my favorite roast pork dish, which, to my eyes, their BBQ has become the gold standard to all the chinese BBQ i've had in the pest.
5	I have to give it 5 stars for what it is and what I ate. My guy server really didn't understand me and in turn, I have no idea what he was ranting about. Something about fried rice, which I had no interest in at the time, something about a prime rib buffet, Honestly, I do not know, but we got the right food and it was on point!  We originally were taking food to go. Our kind gentleman server informed us that the roasted duck was going to be another 20 minutes, my husband wanted that duck,  Bad! So we waited and ordered food to eat in, in the mean time. We ordered won ton soup with pork belly instead of duck, we also ordered pork ribs. and fish balls. Before the food got there, I realized we didn't not have enough cash for my husbands hunger and cravings. My husband orders food like he's on death row.  I proceeded to go to BOA , just down the road. (It's cash only) OK, so by the time I came back, my husband and my 6 year old daughter decided since they ate all the pork belly that they needed to order another one before I got there. They were raving about how great it was, my husband was in a pig heaven sort of a trance and my daughter was hoarding pork on her side of the table. Seriously, my husband was in awe of the pork belly. I have never seen him so excited and patiently waiting his duck. "Ingrid, please come look at the pork with me??" "No. Andrew, I can see the pork from here." Look at it, look at it, please!!"? "It's OK, I can see it, Andrew." That was our bbq banter. He finally gave up and decided to go stare at the glass of hanging meat and drool. If you cant tell, he really loved that pork belly!! And he was right to love it. It had a perfect crispy skin, tasty pork and not overly fatty.  The fish balls with curry sauce were good. We had to get 2 orders because my daughter did not want sauce. We ended taking most of them home. They were good, just not great. The soup was a super large portion and was pretty good, clean tasting and the noodles and won tons were not soggy and pretty perfect. My daughter wanted rice so we got a small side of rice and they brought out some kind of duck sauce. I absolutely loved that sauce and the rice was perfectly cooked. By the way, the lady who brought out the rice was so kind and polite. To go we ordered the 3 meat combo for 12.99, I believe.  Since my husband realized it did not come with rice, he ordered a duck and rice combo for 6.99. Needless to say, yes this is a pretty inexpensive place, but the fact that my husband has no self control when it comes to pork, our bill was about 49.00 dollars, 10 dollar tip, but we had so much food, enough for his late night munchies and lunch AND dinner the next day. It was an excellent value. We definitely will be back. It was yummy!!
5	Best chinese BBQ place in town. I guarantee it! Do not go anywhere else. instead of a long paragraph I'm just going to tell you what to orderDO ORDER: - 3 meat combo (crispy pork, roast duck, BBQ pork) over rice *** THE BEST***- won ton noodles (you can choose type of noodle and if you want meat in it)- fried noodles with vegetables on top- chow fun (beef, pork etc)- porridge (w/ thousand yr old egg is my favorite)NOW GOGOGOGOGO!
1	I'm not one to give a bad review but when a place really misses its mark, I am definitely going to share what I went through. We went there on a Sunday afternoon and the restaurant wasn't even that busy, in fact I had the largest party (of 7) when I arrived. The server automatically brought out waters but took a couple of minutes for the menu to get to me after he was ready to take my order and realized I didn't have one. I ordered the whole duck which came to my table room temperature, it wasn't even hot to enjoy that parts of the duck that contained a high portion of fat was too fatty to bite into. The Shrimp & Combination Fried Rice wasn't too bad but wasn't the best either. The ratio of noodle to veggies/seafood for their pan fried noodle wasn't well proportioned (lacked so much noodles) and finally when I ordered the pigs ear in soy sauce & the spicy chicken feet, it would've been nice to be told that these were cold appetizers. My server was too busy catering to the other customers who were Chinese unlike me & my party who were not. Even to get a water refill was almost impossible. I can guarantee you that this is definitely the first & LAST time I'll be ever eating here & I work for the hotel industry so I can assure you that I will spread the word to my friends that this place is by far a horrible choice to make! If I could rate it with negative stars, trust me, I would have!!I was so disappointed because for the first time I went to a high rated establishment that was a total false rated place for me.
5	Yes! I love this place!! They have CHEAP eats with nice sized portions and DELICIOUS food! I've only ever ordered the Crispy Pork with Rice and it is SOOO good I could just eat it all day every day! Nice size portion of the pork with some green veggies on the side and a scoop of rice with some sauce on it. T-T-TASTY! The next time I go though, I promise I will try the PORK BELLY!!! AWWWWWWWW YEAAAAAAAAAAH!!!
5	Excellent service and food! Comparable to the "street food I had in Hong Kong. Can't wait to come back to Vegas so I can dine here again.
4	Add Asian BBQ & Noodles to your restaurant options if you want good food at fast-food prices. The staff is pleasant and the restaurant is very clean. The walls have this strange  neon green paint which works for the place, in a weird way.  I usually get the 2-item combo with duck and pork belly. The duck is always juicy and tasty, minding a few bones here and there. The skin is flavorful and the duck fat just melts in your mouth. The pork belly has a sweet and somewhat nutty taste and the crispy skin adds a great texture in every bite. You can watch the guy take the hanging meat and chop it up. The combo also includes a large helping of rice and a small side of Chinese broccoli.They have a large selection of dishes and combinations so there has to be something there for everyone to enjoy.
4	The family and I decided to come here after reading the Yelp reviews.  Yelpers can't be wrong can they?   When we arrived, we discovered that we went to the 8th best Chinese restaurant in America (for 2011)!   Really?  That is what their signs stated.  They had signs everywhere saying they were #8.   Between the Yelp reviews and the their award for being the #8 Chinese restaurant in the USA, we couldn't be wrong.   The owner of the restaurant is a genius for jumping on the pork belly bandwagon.  This is the only place that I have seen that hangs roasted pork belly instead of a whole pig.  Is it the best that I have had?  No.  But, it was good.   We also tried their duck.  Their roast duck was had a good flavor, but, did not have much meat on it.  Their noodle soups and lo mein (dry noodles) were good.  The soup was decent.  Their lo mein which comes with a special sauce, and costs $1 more than the soup noodles.  Wontons were good.  The only complaint I have is that they do not give enough noodles.  Even my 8 year old daughter finished a bowl of noodles all by herself.  She normally is a very small eater.  Overall, this is a pretty good Chinese restaurant.  Yelpers were not wrong with this one.  When I go to Vegas again, I need to come back to this place.  Edit 4/12/13Asian BBQ & Noodle is better than the Chinese BBQ and won ton noodle joints in the East San Gabriel Valley.  They beat the Rowland Heights Sam Woo.  Not sure how they compare to the same type of restaurants in Alhambra and Monterey Park.  It might be better than #8.  After comparing it to some of my local restaurants, I am going to upgrade them to 4 1/2 stars.
4	First off, CASH ONLY (what a shame) so be cash-prepared. They're very well known, it seems, and they're also usually quite busy, especially for dinner time. On my third visit, I came during dinner and it was busy enough that I had a horrible experience with their service. Took like 3-4 tries to finally order something because they didn't have what we want but she didn't make that clear the FIRST time just exactly what was all out.Aside from the mediocre service (it's one of those where it doesn't really matter too much, I guess), the food is excellent! I simply adore the crispy roasted pork. Yummy crispy-ness.Definitely give the food a try -- lots of yummy BBQ food! They've got a variety of combos to try out but they do run out of their BBQ stuff, so watch out.
5	Okay so it's been about seven months since i first reviewed this place and i've been coming back many times. Been back quite a few time to get the egg noodle and shrimp wonton stoup which Toni T claims the closest thing to traditional tasting. Would i agree to this statement? I dont know, never been anywhere that has enough reasonable creditably to establish themselves as THE place to get shrimp wontons. Regardless the wontons were stuffed with minced/smashed shrimp thus giving a nice plump shrimpy texture. they didnt cut corners by throwing all those tasty shrimp into a food processor till it was just a mush. The soup wasnt bad either and didnt contain that much MSG which is a HUGE plusIf you're not in the mood for soup, and who is these days with summer right around the corner as soon as the weather ponies finish winter warp up (MLP reference!!) then go for the two bbq combo rice plate. I grab bbq pork and roast pork. If you're getting take out then dont expect any soup to come with your order but dining in rates you some soup. Overall i'd like to stop by more to try other things on the menu as well. Problem is very rarely do i get cravings for Chinese food. I actually crave Mexican more than i do Chinese which is just down right..weird...Yelp 100 - 022 of 100
4	Cheap eats. Had the rice toppings with white chicken and Ginger sauce.the chicken portion was not satisfying since the cut was thin and almost bony. The wanton soup was cheap for $3, has a dried fish taste to it. Would go back to try their noodles. Next time. So much to sample and taste when you are in Vegas.can't be in the same place 2x.
1	I wish i could give them a great review but i cant. I wish i could give no stars as the customer service was a no star at all. I waited over 35 min for some combination fried rice that never came out. I watched patiently as others came and sat and ordered and even those who came in after me for a to go order and was served. I dont know why my food was overlooked BUT customer service is everything to me and i left to go get served somewhere else. I dont even think i would try this place again because of that.
5	ROAST PORK!!!!!! Talk about where have you been this whole time in Vegas. I read reviews from fellow yelpers and this was one of the spots had too get me some Roasted Pork, Not disappointed AT ALL. The skin beyond divine  just straight up da bomb. It literally perfect crispy skin! If could literally just ask for the top layer I would because every crunch or bite its sooooooo good. The meat below it not too shabby either moist, cooked perfect, and combine the crunch with moist meat its yin yang of pork. No joke. It brought back found memories growing up in the islands thinking about chinatown order roast pork hanging (they do exact same thing at Asian BBQ & Noodles) and order by the pound. See them put it on butcher block cut it up good too go. Beautiful thing in life. They also have roast duck after the roasted pork without doubt plan on coming back get me some duck!Course they have lot more then just Roasted Pork. Just walking in the restaurant seeing the duck and pork hanging that the only thing had on my mind. They also have nice selection of soups and noodle dishes too choose. Me all about my protein and rice. I got the Roasted Pork with rice. You get really nice portion of jasmine rice ($6.50) too along with little bok choy and pickled carrots/daikon. I also ordered the beef fried rice. Talk about nice size portion. It could have used more meat and vegetables but overall solid dish. Really pricing most of the things are under $10 and get decent amount of food. Good food too!!!Talk about Asian. The atmosphere just like few Pho spots around town tables by numbers, cash only (so make sure got some on you), servers at times hard too understand, talk about authentic asian music, and most of the conversations like okay. Small restaurant so timing might need too watch. I went early for dinner so not problem finding spot. They do take out also. If gets packed the place can be loud with conversation like okay now. I think just adds too the whole experience makes it more Asian! Really in this little shopping mall both sides of the road. So many awesome little places of all different asian style food, coffee shops, markets, and even desserts. If want start meal with some Roasted Pork Asian BBQ & Noodles is the place too get some.
4	You know the main photo for this place?   This one:  http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/W56LwOPawkC-aXZfNPUIpQ/l.jpg   It's haunted my daydreams for months.   Could it look any tastier?  Every time I see it (or think it), I envision how good it must taste and have come close so many times to ordering it.I know, you're wondering "well why on earth didn't you?"   The answer is not an easy one.  Some combination of a lack of an official website/menu which can turn me off of a place a little, along with being tied to lunch partners who wouldn't have a desire to visit, along with some unknown fear that resided with me in trying it.   Well today I strapped on a "No Fear" t-shirt from 1995 (not really) and called in an order to make my dreams come true.It was not easy.  I venture to say it was one of the more difficult phone ordering processes I've ever experienced.  It took a few minutes for me to convey I wanted the Roast Pork and Roast Duck combo over rice and an iced tea to go.  In fact, during the drive there I was certain it wouldn't be what I wanted, that my dreams would be crushed over a simple game of telephone.When I showed up the entire restaurant was packed, and it made the telephone conversation difficulty a little more clear to me.  Seeing the "Cash Only" sign only amplified my fear that my order was wrong and that they would try to charge me for a full roast duck and pig and a side of rice, in which I would need to work off by washing dishes in the back for the rest of the afternoon.   To my pleasant surprise, once the cashier had a free second she rang me up and I was charged $6.99 (before tax) just as the photo told me.  After what seemed like an argument I was given my iced tea and on my way.Back at the office I hurriedly opened my lunch to see what I had coveted all these months right in front of me.  No napkins or fork were provided (just a spoon(?) and some chopsticks (I know, those should suffice), but at this point I didn't care, all I needed was my mouth and my combo.   I was not opposed to shoveling it in with my bare hands if needed.  I procured my own fork and napkins and dug in.   It would almost be impossible to live up to my expectations, but it came very close.  The duck was tender and delicious, and the pork was very tasty but I found it to not be as moist as I expected.  The 10 lbs of rice and handful of pieces of Chinese broccoli were a good accompaniment.I was tempted to go 5 stars as dream fulfillment ranks very high on my list of pluses for a business, but the service could have been a little friendlier and the pork a little more moist for it to be the perfect experience.
4	Get the roast pork for sure you won't be disappointed.  Nice and flavorful (unlike some places where the pork isn't tasty and you know they probably parboiled it)and with the good skin.  Char Siu was ok but as a Hawaii transplant it still feels different.  I think  I'm gonna give this place a 4 simply because even though the pork dishes are obviously tasty and well marinated, it wasn't straight from the roaster (as opposed to say if you went to Chinatown and got some fresh roast pork and char siu right before lunchtime...they're still hot and juicy inside.... mm that's hard to beat)Anyways, we were here for dinner.  we also tried the ribs, ginger chicken,  shrimp fried rice, and some bok choi.  Ok, standard..  Pretty inexpensive tho so overall it's pretty good.  It's clear that the pork is the key here (as if all the pork hanging up in that case with a guy chopping his cleaver constantly isn't a clear sign)  Probably will come back again sometime to try the kau yuk and roast duck.  But if you want some roast pork (maybe you can call or something to see if they just put some out?) then this is a good place to hit up.
5	It was my first time here, server were patiently explain the menu.  I ordered roast duck/ wonton noodles and the husband ordered the rice with three kinds of choices. The food was so good. I'm sure you wont be disappointed! The server were nice. the food were tasty and we are definitely be back!Before we left and whole restaurant were pack with people and a line were line up outside already! it was 12:30ish when we left there.
5	Delicious Cantonese style BBQ with low prices. I like this place
5	I can never review enough or keep talking about me some Roast Pork Action!! I had friends visiting from back home thinking about checking out Asian BBQ & Noodles. Hell yay great idea! I have been meaning too go back too try more of the menu. Now three of us that more food can try. We ordered the chicken chow fun with black bean sauce. It was solid dish. I associate the black bean sauce too anything seafood or specifically clams with black bean in chinese restaurants almost fool proof. I enjoyed fact that had right balance not too much bean but nice hint along with chicken, vegetables, and prefect noodles. Delicious! We order the shrimp fried rice that was good. I think still would take the beef fried rice had the last time. COURSE since three pf us  got full lb of without doubt best roasted pork in Vegas. If read reviews reason why people come here for the roast pork. The only thing that little bit of let down had the roasted duck won ton soup. The roasted duck main reason ordered it plus never had soup here so figure get the best of both worlds. In this case not so much because being in soup lose the whole crispy duck skin. I could imagine just duck would be winnah although still lose out too the Roasted Pork. The noodles in the soup was just bland no flavor, the broth would say the same, the won ton was ok, and if order the roasted duck would taking it over rice then soup. Just me. I enjoyed Asian BBQ & Noodles it small place but has so much personality. When you go too restaurant that only takes cash helps keep from racking up the credit card debt. Lol!!!
5	Great food!!!' and affordable!!
5	- It's good, authentic (Cantonese?) food at great prices.- My cousin-in-law (from Hong Kong) always wants to eat here when he's in town.- The service is hit and miss, so it's pretty standard for an Asian eatery.
5	I walked in at Asian BBQ & Noodles and I saw pork and duck hanging - a positive sign of good authentic Chinese food.  Everybody who was eating here were Chinese and some Vietnamese.  The servers were speaking to me and my sister in Chinese and it felt like Beijing all over again.  It's a tiny place that seats 50 people.We ordered roast pork, yang chow fried rice and Chinese broccoli since we weren't too hungry.  The traditional Chinese restaurant would serve you dishes one at a time and it's usually the quickest one to prepare is the one that gets served first.  So, we got the broccoli then the roast pork.  We were dying to eat the pork already since the skin looked so crispy and delicious...but we had to control ourselves and wait for the rice.  It didn't take long.  The broccoli was fresh.   The pork was super crispy and succulent - honestly, the best pork from a Chinese restaurant in Vegas!  I was very pleased and all I could say to myself was "HAOCHI! HAOCHI!" (delicious).  The fried rice had a lot of stuff in it: chopped green veggies, eggs, BBQ pork and shrimps.  We took a BBQ pork rice bowl to-go.  I tried a piece and it was delish!  Their food is inexpensive too!  It's like $6-7 for a rice bowl and you get a lot of food.If I was blown away by one dish, I can't wait to try the other items on their menu!  I'll definitely try their roast duck and something else next time.  Other Chinese restaurants in Vegas marginal roast pork. There's a particular place with a type of flower in their name that microwaves their roast pork making the skin gross and chewy.  I'm also not concerned with the use of MSG...in China, they give you a small saucer of MSG!  I never get headaches from it so I don't care!
5	best Chinese bbq  place is vegas.
4	I have been coming here for awhile. Today was my first time eating in, service was excellent.  I know several say it's hit or miss and I too have experienced miss with my usual takeout orders. The food.....I like everyone else loves the pork belly. There is something about the multiple textures and different flavors all at once. It's like an amazing pork orgy in your mouth (don't judge). I also love the combination fried rice not as greasy as many places, reminds me of my favorite hole in the wall in Jacksonville. We also had a two BBQ combo with duck and soy sauce chicken. The combo was ok but those must have been two skinny birds, meat was almost non-existent.Overall I love the food, wish it was closer to me, but I know it's for that best that it is not
3	I think for the price this food was reasonable but I wasn't exactly impressed.  It was good but my date and myself agreed that the noodles weren't as good as we had eaten at other places.  I don't think that it is fair to give it a bad review but I also thought that the menu was kind of hard to understand.  Maybe it was because it was my first time there but it wasn't really straight forward to me.  Service was standard, nothing out of the ordinary.
5	I remember... when I used to live in Vegas, this plaza was pretty empty and the only restaurant my family frequented was a quick teriyaki take out joint. Several years later and it seems to have brought in many different types of Asian cuisine. This was our second great find of EDC weekend. We were supposed to get pho but I stumbled on this page while searching and couldn't resist after seeing the bbq, noodles, and jook or congee. Being the driver has it's perks such as making an executive decision to hole in the wall restaurants on the whim. This time we went into the restaurant with a party of 7. They had no problem seating us. Half way into the meal people started filling up the restaurant. It seemed like we just beat the rush. We sat down got our menus and some hot tea. The waiters passed by us several times as we were ready to order. We had that foreigner veil over our table and service will seem to be slower than if I were to be with my parents. No big deal, it's something I've gotten used to. Eventually I am able to wave down a waitress. I exercised my Cantonese and ordered as many of the dishes I could recognize. The waitress had no problem taking the orders in English but dropping some Chinese usually makes the service a bit better. It's not guaranteed. We ordered a lot of food to share, family style. BBQ pork and Duck, Combo fried rice, Beef chow fun, Seafood pan fried noodles, a bowl of congee, and 1 bowl of wonton noodles for me and a bowl of braised beef noodles for my friend. The first item to come to the table was the fried rice. My friend said it smelled sooooo good as the waitress set it on the table. And it really was good. Everything was great. But I would have probably skipped the beef chow fun and I felt the braised beef was better than the wonton noodles. In the end I ordered too much. We still had a lot of bbq pork and roast duck left over so we boxed it up and took it back to the hotel. After a long nap the next day, three of us devoured the left overs like primitive hungover cavemen; in our dark, curtain covered, cave like hotel room.Sadly they ran out of roast pork just before we ordered. I actually want to bring my parents here to try it next time.
5	Food is excellent and huge portions.  Can't go wrong with their fried rice...especially the BBQ pork fried rice and its affordable.  Roasted pork belly...yummy....pan fried noodle with seafood gravy...excellent
5	Feeling a bit adventurous, my wife and I decided to venture down to Chinatown for lunch and follow the Yelp reviews to this little gem.  Right as we walked in, we realized we were in for a real treat because we were the only white people in the entire place.  Following the recommendation of our server, I ordered the BBQ pork side dish, and boy am I glad that I did.  The taste of everything we had took me back to my visit to Beijing.  Very authentic, very reasonably priced, and very delicious!
5	This place was pretty amazing, and inexpensive too! After a weekend of Las Vegas Strip fun, my girls and I really needed some authentic asian food. Yelp to the rescue of course! We dragged our blurry-eyed butts out of bed and headed to ChinaTownLV haha. It's located in this strip mall so there's plenty of parking..already that's a plus since parking is a pain anywhere on the Strip. It's not much to look at when you walk in but it's surprisingly clean and almost has a Thai feel to it..but it's definitely Chinese. There's Cantonese music in the background and all the workers were speaking to each other in Cantonese as well. Ahh I knew good food would be coming.Definitely get the roast duck, the skin is so crispy, it crackles when you take a bite. No gross soggy skin here folks! Now if you're a little hung over like I was, I'd recommend getting some kind of soup. There's lots to choose from so just pick a noodle and your toppings and you'll be good to go. If you're lucky enough to be there when they have suckling pig, GET IT. I actually haven't had it but..I'm sure it's amazing as well :DService was..well Chinese haha (I can say that because I'm Chinese, I know how we are). Most of the waitresses are hard to flag down and if they're busy, rather than say they'll be right with us they'll just put a hand up and go about their business. Their English is limited though so that may have something to do with it. There was one guy, maybe he was the owner? He was actually very nice and personable. He chatted with people, made sure we got our orders, etc. He should maybe show the other waitresses how it's done.Anyway, this might just be a LV hang-over tradition for me from now on ^_^
2	Place was out of Duck at 7pm on a Tuesday. Rest of food was mediocre including BBQ pork ribs and fried rice. Vegetables were good. My friend got sick after his meal. Definitely disappointed after reading other reviews.
5	300th review for Yelp! Crazy how time flies...So I am a little late to the game, just finding out about Asian BBQ and Noodles recently...but better late than never!Came here with Grandpa, so I decided it would be a great time to try a BBQ combination platter! We chose the Roasted Pork Belly, Roasted Duck, and BBQ Pork. Pork Belly was good, tender and flavorful with a very crispy skin. The Roast Duck was outstanding! Very juicy, flavorful and not gamey at all. The BBQ Pork was the highlight for me...great smokey BBQ taste, beautiful smoke rings and lots and lots of flavor! I'd say the Roasted Duck and the BBQ Pork are the best I've ran into so far!Also tried the Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce. Good stuff! Came out piping hot, fresh, and yummy...good distraction from all the meat and rice This was too much food for two people! And the prices are very reasonable, with rice bowls starting at $6.50 with choice of BBQ meat!  All of this cost less than a $20 bill for two people.  Just remember, cash only!I love finding new places I can get excited about...a very worthy #300 in my book!
4	The BBQ meats are delicious and inexpensive. I also tried the curry tendons with my friends and it was tender and flavorful. The place is pretty small and it gets pretty packed. So be prepared to wait a few minutes for a table.
5	Thanks yelpers for the reviews. Spot on and this place was awesome. Get here early, there can be a huge wait. Food was awesome and for a typical Chinese BBQ place they comparatively have great service and can even explain parts of menu to you in English even though I speak Cantonese. Folks for frequent places in Chinatowns know what I am referring to. Coming back for sure
4	Came here for the very first time in June with my family. Very decent asian food if your looking for some wonton noodle soup, chow fun, porridge, very tasty roasted pork. will definitely come back when visiting Vegas!
2	My cousin and I went to this place together and she was not a fan of it. If she could rate it from 1-500 she said, she would rate it 500- but it's a negative. It wasn't my cup of tea either.Note that the wallpaper is hideous and their decorations consist of chili peppers dangling from the wall.
4	Mmmmm.... this place is pretty awesome. Its a really small resturant with a very nice staff. I came here with my hubby and 3 year old daughter. We got the sampler pork belly, duck and...uhh something else delicious I forgot. My daughter ate everything I love introducing her to new cusine. The only complaint I have it that the duck was a little cold. But other than that I will be returing for sure. p.s dont waste precious tummy space with  anything but delicious mammal flesh.
4	Food was great! It is a cash only place so hit the ATM before you get there. They took a bit to take our order but it was busy.
4	I arrived to Las Vegas mid afternoon since my flight was delayed several hours. Once picking up my rental car I headed over asap to Asian BBQ & noodles. Located in a strip center parking was no issue,  possibly BC it was hot.I ordered won ton soup and the combo roast pork & roast duck over rice. The won ton soup was decent but not as bomb as Noodle boy in Rosemead Cali. What was outstanding was the roast pork which was tender, moist, crunchy skin and yummy. The duck was pretty good and of course the duck sauce on the rice made the entree.Service is prompt but the help is your typical Asian joint - to the point and without a smile. Cash only :+(
3	The Chinese broccoli was delish! The Duck Congee/Porridge was good but it was ALL duck bones! Little to no meat. Sad times.
5	Well, not enough praise can be heaped on the excellent food served at this place. It satisfied my longing for the Chinese food I crave when I have not been to Chins for a while. The roast duck was impeccable as was the egg clam soup. And the fried noodles with veggies was superb. Thank God for small wonders right here in Vegas.Forget the uppity so called Chinese restaurants in the big hotels on the strip. Go venture into Chinatown if you are a foodie who appreciates the taste of Chinese cooking the way it is meant to be.Bravo!
3	I agree with the consensus here. The roast pork is phenomenal. The perfect balance of crispy skin and juicy meat. It is little angels dancing in your mouth when you eat it. The BBQ pork and duck are alright in my opinion, good but nothing to go crazy over.If you order a two meat combo with rice, you get your money's worth. No question. I have only ordered off the menu and not off their a la carte buffet. I want to but with the language barrier I am sure it would be too difficult.However, as much as I love this place I haven't been as much as I would like because sometimes ordering can be very frustrating here. I swear I think they understand me but choose not to. Last visit, I wanted to scream. I was that frustrated. Because of the ordering I have to give this place a 3 star. I feel that if I walk away from an experience more annoyed, then something is wrong.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Our first, traditionally unfriendly first server. Duck tasted a little gamey. The dingy bathroom.LIKE  The seafood crispy noodles. The preserved tofu Chinese spinach. The roast pork.LOVE  Our main server Tammy who was upbeat and had great suggestions. The reasonable pricing.
5	Love this place service is great food is yummy! Will b back again when I visit Vegas next time.
1	This place really made me sad I had high hopes for this place I really did. I got the Roast pork which a lot of people seem to order. When it came out with the rice it was cold, the rice was warm but it was not its like it had been sitting out all day. We got there at 2 o'clock just after the lunch crowed should have gotten out. The crispy skin was nice but i was turned off by the smell of the place and how the food was cold.
4	I heard so many great things about this place, so I finally decided to try it out! It's completely worth the hype because the wonton soup was amazing, the beef tendon noodles were great, and the dumpling version of the wonton soup was perfect! What's great is that they have this little bar type thing at the front that you can look at and see what other things you want added to your noodles, like tofu, fish kabobs, or various internal parts of the cow. Great place to go for lunch and the prices are fair!
5	Pork belly is amazing, the combination of juicy meat and crispy skin is just awesome.  It is one of the best pork belly dishes I have ever had the pleasure of eating. I know we ordered other dishes which were also good, but nothing was on the level of the pork.  Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas. It's your typical authentic Asian restaurant however, its not the cleanest place and the service is lacking.
3	Food was delicious however the portion is small and pricey for what you get. We ordered BBQ on Rice dishes. Their roast pork is awesome! Their roast duck is ok (taste is good but lack of meat). Service was just average.
1	Have been visiting this restaurant a couple of times this month.. Initially was pretty pleased with the food they served till recently on the last 2 occasion, disappointed with them. First occasion, I ordered a packet of rice with BBQ pork , roast duck n pork belly to go. I asked the lady for extra sauce with my meat, when I got home there weren't any so I guessed maybe she might have forgotten. Fine !!!Yesterday, I ordered the same item again. This time round, I ask the same lady again : "can u PLEASE give me extra sauce. Here comes her answer : "There's already sauce on you rice". and she was real eager to collect $$$ from me and get me out of her sight. obviously I knew it, doesn't she understand what is EXTRA sauce? Could not explain how angry I was when I left the shop. I was asking myself maybe I should have asked her :" Can I pay you for some extra sauce?"
3	Decent selection and service. Experienced better but still worth the visit. Be advised this is a cash only establishment so be sure to bring your cash as plastic is worthless regardless of your spending limit.
1	worst costumer experience ever! besides the food being delicious, the costumer service was unbelievable. our waitress was very rude since me and my two friends got here, it was two hispanic and one black person. She sat us in the back, was very rude taking our order, did not offer us any drinks and never asked if we needed anything else, just brought the bill and left. It's very sad they treat their non asian clientelle in such a fashion .Never felt so discriminated in my life, the food was good but not enough to feel unwelcomed here.
5	Let me start by saying...WHO goes to an Asian restaurant for service? When I go to one I expect bad service..it's just how it is..if the service is good that's just a bonus..Don't make this a racial thing..I'm Asian and they were rude to me but do I care?  No.  Just give me my damn delicious food!!! With that out of the way, this is my new FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas!!! I've never wanted to go back to a restaurant the next day but I did with this one.  I was dreaming of their roasted pork belly, roast duck and BBQ pork!!!  I understand why they were voted as one of the 100 best chinese restaurants in the US!!!  Can't wait til we eat again!!!
4	I haven't tried a lot of things from this restaurant but from what I did try, everything was deliciously yummy. Their prices are awesome as well -- they're not going to burn a hole in your wallet however! It is CASH ONLY. So don't come here with a credit card cause that isn't going to help you. Although the wonderful thing is, there is a Wells Fargo, Chase, and BoA somewhere down the street of Spring Mountain. Like many people have said .. absolutely LOVE their roast pork. It is full of flavor and a good combination of meat and fat. It goes GREAT with rice! So don't be afraid to get that combo :PTheir roast duck and bbq pork is only okay though. I've had better bbq pork. As for their roast duck, it's good however their sauce ruins it for me. They left the herbs in the sauce and the concentration of the flavors of the herbs are just too much for me ..it ruins the flavor of the duck rather than complimenting it. Also, love their noodles and fried rice. I've tried their "chei jai mein" which is a street cart food back overseas. For here, you get to choose the type of noodle you want then choose 1-3 items, such as pork intestines and pork blood. It was quite yummy :D Wasn't bad at all. BUT, I typically like to use chili oil with my noodles however theirs isn't that great ... Next time, I'll bring my own! Awesome authentic Chinese food. Can't go wrong. Don't worry about the service cause for the food you get, to hell with service. It's a Chinese place ... just be loud when trying to get their attention and you're good to go! HAHA  But in all reality, when I've eaten here, I haven't really experienced any rude attitude  .. maybe because I haven't been here enough? Tehee. Give it a try :) If anything, just order take out.
4	First found out about this place from a friend who religiously visits Vegas every year. Knowing the lack of good Peking duck places in Atlanta, he highly recommend that I eat here when my hubby & I first started visiting Vegas 4 years ago. The roasted duck is a must order. The duck is super flavorful, with crispy skin. that's exactly how the duck should taste and it doesn't disappoint. No wonder it wins top 100 Chinese Restaurant in the US.We ordered roasted pig and it's also pretty good. But I think my favorite meat here is still the duck.It's not the best duck place we've ever been to but it's pretty damn good. I mean, we do stop by here and eat every time when we're in town and this is Vegas.
5	Delicious!  The pork belly was so crispy and the skin doesn't separate from the meat so you get crispy goodness with every bite.  The pig ears were also delicious, crunchy and smokey and perfect to go with our wonton soup with duck.  Makes me want to live in Las Vegas.
5	The ROASTED PORK BELLY is the most delicious item on the menu that I've tried!!!! This place is not just consistent EVERY TIME but the prices are SO REASONABLE.  Make sure you bring cash.  Cash only establishment.
5	This place offered probably one of the best Chinese foods in town.  The focus here is Chinese Barbecue.  The restaurant itself is not too big and the ambience feels a bit old style like the 80s.  BBQ Platter was great here, not restaurant style with fancy stuff in the middle, just 3 types of meats.  Roasted Pork, Char Siu, and Duck were all delicious.   The half of a chicken was good, and they sliced up the breast prior to serving it to reduce the effort needed to chew through it.  We got some pig feet and pig blood noodles, not something you can get everywhere, but they did a fine job on those too.Their XO Rice Roll was a surprising discovery, as it came with stir-fried eggs, which most restaurant does not.  Visually gave a stunning appeal, the eggs did not do much to improve the dish, and it tasted about the same as other places.After visiting many Chinese restaurants in Vegas, Asian BBQ & Noodles definitely stands out among them.  Service was decent and they were quick to response to various requests we had.  Oh, and remember to bring CASH.
4	Combo duck and pig on rice.  Good, and nice large portion.  While it was good and I liked it I don't think the roast duck and roast pig are as special as others make it sound - well maybe it is for LV.  It tasted about the same as in any good Chinese deli, and I think some of my favorite places are even better.  Still, 4 stars and I'd definitely come here again. And I definitely liked it better than last year.
5	I love the food here! Everything I've had is delicious. I especially like the XO rice noodles. I think it's probably the best Chinese restaurant in town and SO cheap. It's cash only though!
4	Really good roast pork and wonton noodle there.  Very legit hong kong flavor.  The roast pork has cripsy skin and soft tender meat, While the wonton soup and noodle are very good. They also have very good porridge and steam vegetable, very cheap and fresh. It is very hidden in the plaza but once you open the door is a happening scene with full house of people eating and ordering. The smell of it will hit you in your face instantly.  I went on a late sunday morning and there is a line waiting to get it. They are listed the "Top" 100 chinese food. The only thing I didnt like is the chinese donut, its not crispt and light enough. And the bbq pork is a bit dry. Overall still a pretty authentic bbq meat and wonton place. Oh and try the ginger chicken that is really good, soft and tender with grinded ginger and green onion sauce!!
5	We have tried only one item at this restaurant and keep coming back for it. Their pork belly is so delicious and addictive. It runs a little over $12 per pound and is well worth the price. We often serve it with baguettes or sticky rice.
5	This place has the best bbq pork!  It's tender, juicy and I love the fact that it's not that red color artificial stuff they normally use.  Also loved their roast pork and duck...so tender and flavorful!
5	Great service, attentive waiters. Great price, great food. will definitely return.
4	I absolutely adore this place. It reminded me of the small places in Phoenix I used to frequent with my family. It's small, cash only, quiet, and delicious. The pork is mouthwatering. I love the chow mein (get it Hong Kong style and ask for the crispy noodles). The price is right, so my coworker and i had dinner here about 3 times while we were in Las Vegas on business.
5	super good food!!! this is trul the best HK style bbq food in Las Vegas. They are famous for their belly roasted pork, make sure you try that!!! or the combo bbq items on rice or make your own noodle soup!!! i'm drooling just writing the review! the staff was super nice and friendly, we came in almost closing time, and they were still willing to served us!!! highly recommended!!!
4	Authentic, cheap and delicious!Small restaurant but always busy. You can pick the type of noodle you want, and pick topping choices. There are ready-made noodle combos on the back of menu if you don't want to pick and chose. Noodle bowls always arrive quickly, hot, and tasty.For the adventurous eaters, there are pork intestines, blood, ears (the spicy version served thinly sliced is yummy),  roasted duck, and roasted pork (skin so crispy it crunches). If not so adventurous, there is shrimp dumplings, tofu, meatballs, and mushrooms that you can add to your noodle bowl.Beware, it's a cash only restaurant so no credit cards.
1	Place was good, we had been loyal customers since their opening days and tips very well.  However, nowadays they are often busy, and servers have become very rude.  One day, my wife came in to pick up a take out.  They didn't provide the sauce that is supposed to go with the food.  My wife politely asked for the sauce, and they first stated take-outs don't come with sauces, and then they provided the wrong sauce.  My wife asked for the correct sauce for the food and stated she will pay for the sauce, and the response was "even you have the money, we will not sell it to you".  Well, we will not be going there anymore after that!  We know the owner lady, and she is a very nice person, so she is hearing from us soon...
5	I've been meaning to try this place out for such a long time. I actually stopped by a couple of months ago in the middle of lunch hour, and it was so crowded (even for to-go ordering) that we just couldn't stand to wait. I'm so glad that I finally made the time to come back.You'll find a lot of awesome entrees in English, Chinese, and Vietnamese (some of the employees speak it, actually) on the menu. Noodle soups, congee, chow mein, and fried rice options abound. Large trays of meats are available for advance order. There's even various pig parts to order if you're into that kind of thing.However, for my first attempt, I had to go for the "BBQ 2 Combination With Rice" for $6.99. I had the roasted pork belly (aka crispy pork) and the roasted duck as my options, and I have no regrets. These two meats actually bring back childhood memories from when my parents used to order trays of them from a local butcher and we'd enjoy them at home with some rice that we'd cooked.Every table in the restaurant was taken - go figure - so I got my order in a to-go box. Instant nostalgia with the pork and duck laid on a bed of rice, plus a healthy side of Chinese cabbage. I just had the time of my life sitting in my car eating these delights. The pork was chopped into very manageable rectangular portions, each with perfectly crunchy skin, a layer of white, and a layer of dark meat. The duck pieces had lovely golden brown skin and a very anise-y seasoning on the bottom. Make sure to expect bones if you order the roasted duck, and you'll just have to kinda slice or bite them off to get to the meat.I'm already plotting my next trip back. Maybe I can sit down and enjoy a nice noodle soup next time. That would be a great winter lunch, mmm...
4	Pros:   Great Chinese BBQ Combo Rice   Fast ServiceCons:   Parking may be difficult on the weekends   Service is meh   Price for a 3 item BBQ Combo was $10 (in LA its around $6)
1	This place may be wonderful and have great food but today I was there for almost 45 min and still got no food!I was excited because I have been looking all over Las Vegas for some good BBQ pork and when I arrive the line was out the door! When I walked in I knew exactly what I wanted to order! 1 pound of BBQ pork to go! We were making our own soup at home and just needed the meat to top it off.Anyways I waited in what I thought was a line to place my order, but everyone ignores me!!! Then I asked the lady at the counter who would take my order and she looked away!!! So I stopped someone else in the place and said who can take my order to go? They pointed in the direction of a woman walking around helping ALL of the people who were behind me in our line. Finally after about 5 min she approached me took my order and them gave me a number. Yay!!!Then it goes downhill... I waited for 25 minutes.... In front of register with my 4 year old who they kept telling to move. And all of a sudden the lady who took my order comes up and says... We are out of the BBQ pork!!!! You can wait 30 more minutes but the regular customer got it!!!!!Omg! I was livid!!!! Was really excited! Wanted to give it a shot, but on too of the customer service towards me being horrible I didn't even get to taste the food! BETTER LUCK TO SOMEONE ELSE!
5	You are a fool if you like Chinese food and don't go to this place.  BEST CHINESE FOOD in the US.  PERIOD.  You don't come here for the service or ambiance.  This isn't Morton's.  It's Chinese food at its best.  What more do you want?
5	Can't believe my husband & I found a Chinese BBQ place just as good as home! We ordered a 3 meat BBQ combo and beef chow fun. Ended up ordering another half duck. Almost killed the whole thing. It was so good! Their roasted pork was yummy too. I really enjoy it when restaurants cut the pork all nice and small, I enjoy it more. All in all, I'd come back when I'm in town. It's a hole in the wall spot that delivers.It's like any other Chinese restaurant, not that great of service and you really have to hunt down for someone. I'm just there for the food. If you're big on service at these types of spots, good luck. Just get it Togo.
3	Went to Asian BBQ twice.  The first time I had the Dumpling and wide egg noodle soup.  I liked the my noodle soup.   We also ordered a side of 3 bbq meat combo plate:  bbq pork, soy chicken & bbq duck.  Very good bbq meat dish.  Quick and fast service.  The 2nd time was a bit of a hit and miss.  It was at around 6 p.m. and it was hopping busy.  We managed to find a table in the far corner of the restaurant.  Relieved to even get a table at this busy time.  They messed up on the order and we had to wait a bit for the food but it was all good.  I'm not sure if I would come back again 'cos it's so busy.  I ordered the beef tendon and curry fishball with wide egg noodle soup.  It was a little sparse for the price.  Don't forget:  only cash here.
4	Outstanding fresh quality char-su (Sweet BBQ pork), Siu-yok (BBQ pork), soy chicken and BBQ duck at really reasonable prices.  For me just the right amount of fat on the pork as well.  Chinese broccoli had a little too much oyster sauce on it.  Went on a Monday night at 6:45pm and barely got in without waiting - though in all fairness, the rapid turnaround in tables did not result in anyone waiting more than 15 minutes that night.  However, it is a mad house and people don't dawdle when eating there. If you want to eat at your leisure - go take out.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	This place is a good 4.5 stars in my book. From the outside as a tourist it doesn't look like much but they have some amazing BBQ pork dishes with rice. I had their Pan Fried noodles and that was just ok but that BBQ pork though. That was awesome.
5	It is all about the ROAST PORK and DUCK.Being from the Bay Area, a place with plentiful Chinese food, I was pleasantly surprised by the Chinese BBQ at this place. The roast pork was super tender and its skin super crispy... Imagine a delicious piece of meat practically melting in your mouth and then bite down for a satisfying crunch from the skin. The duck's seasoning was unique - I had never had any duck as peppery as that, but it was a nice change of flavor.They have other noodle dishes and their wonton soups are pretty good, but I would definitely recommend their BBQ. It does seem to be high in demand, and they ran out of roast pork when were were leaving, around 7 PM, so go early! (But not too early, as it seemed like their BBQ doesn't come out until around 5 PM). The ladies working are friendly, but probably more so if you speak Chinese.
5	This is the real deal. Genuine Chinese food with quick prep. However, this place is a ZOO and really popular with the locals. If you want to be waited on hand and foot, go somewhere else. If you are ok being more 'proactive' in grabbing the attention of your overworked (but competent) waitress, then come here, you will not be disappointed.
4	GETTING MY ASIAN BBQ FIXIt's been at least three years since we had last visited this Hong Kong style deli noodle house. As the Las Vegas Asian community has grown exponentially during the past two decades, this sort of restaurant fulfills a most important culinary appetite for rice plates and noodles with barbeque deli meats. In Chinese communities throughout the world it is an essential food business on every block. Breakfast is the rice porridge or congee while afternoon and evenings are rice plates and bowls of noodles of all  varieties. Here at Asian BBQ & Noodles it's no different.It's the Asian version of McDonalds...with one exception, it's better and never boring.
4	The bbq here is good. Duck is super crispy and pork skin is crunchy without being too dry. Their egg noodles are also delicious. The broth is perfect, noodles still have a slight crisp and they always give a generous portion of meat with the noodles. I usually get wonton egg noodle soup but the duck noodle soup is good too. Another one of my favorites is the salty fish fried rice. We always order a side of this and take most of it to go. I actually prefer it as left overs. For some reason, I think it tastes better cold? Weird, but I like it. I had the seafood porridge the other night.. Just wanted something different and that was definitely a mistake. They forgot my order so I just sat around waiting while everyone finished their meals. It also had absolutely no flavor! I had to add a lot of pepper so it wouldn't taste so bland. Good thing there was plenty of seafood to make up for the lack of flavor. I would have given this place 5 stars BUT! They only take cash.... -___-
5	Amazing! Authentic, healthy and super tasty.I had the Singapore Vermicelli and pork belly and duck was shared at our table too. Incredible flavor and they make their own sauces!Highly recommend this place but time your visits because its popular and busy around traditional lunch time so go early or later.
5	Roast duck, roast pork, and char siu!!  It doesn't get any better than Asian BBQ & Noodles.  I'm not just talking about Las Vegas, it beats places in Hawaii, LA, and SF!!  I know this is a bold statement, but this place is the best I have been to.  The roast duck is succulent, juicy, and done to perfection.  Even the Jus that comes with the duck tastes awesome.  I don't know what blend of spices they use, but it is mouthwateringly delicious.  The best part is, its not overly greasy and oily like duck from other places.  I don't feel as if my arteries are clogging as I'm eating.  The roast pork is divine.  The skin is perfectly crunch, but not so thick that you chip a tooth (my dad did that once, not cool).  The pork is also seasoned with the same or similar spices as the duck.  First time I've had it done this way.  Adds an added flavor profile not found anywhere else!!  The char siu is very flavorful.  Sweet without being too sweet.  Some of the best char siu I've ever had.  Writing this review is making my mouth water.  There are many other dishes to try, but I have yet to sit down and try one of their noodle bowls.  One of these days, but for now I'm good with taking a duck to go.
2	This just isn't my type of place. you know your in trouble when there are no appetizers. I also felt that our waiter didn't speak english very well. the choice I made was ok but I wouldn't order it again and with someone who could clearly explain what things were and what I might like Im sure I would have had a better meal. They have whole ducks and pigs hanging in the BBQ warmer,which again isn't my style.I prefer to see my pork cut up on my plate.Im not to keen on seeing dead animals hanging by their snouts while im eating.Looked more like a shop of horrors then a restaurant. Again just not my cup of tea.which by the way we weren't even offered,I guess our eyes were too round to warrant that delicacy. basically my impression was that it was a fast food version of mcdonalds,chinese style.there was also an unpleasant smell in the air. I wont be returning.
5	Vegan as I am, I declined the BBQ- which looked delicious. A full house can attest to that. My bud had roast pork and duck- and he knows meat. Says it's delicious. Considering how busy this place is, the staff is courteous and friendly. Really tasty stuff here.
4	You know it's the real deal when the duck is hanging by it's neck in the display case when walk into the restaurant. Sort if a whole in the wall in china town. I thought the restaurant was efficient and fast. 1. Chinese sausage fried rice very good ( on the menu it says salted fish and sausage, just get sausage)2. Seafood dry chow fun ( okay but not that good) maybe the gravy ones better3. The BBQ pork and roast pork belly was the best. The roast duck was okay kind of chewy want the skin more crispOverall food was very good for the price $38 For all the food I just mentioned
1	Wow.   What a dive.   Ordered half a duck,  got all bones.   I almost sent it back asking for the meat half.   Would never recommend to anyone.   Too bad,  I had such high hopes. .  Flavorless water disguised as soup. ..Cash only. ..Now I need to get some REAL food.
4	Everyone is raving about the pork, but I actually preferred the duck. I ordered the combination and I'm sure glad I did because all I read on here is the pork. I thought the pork was okay and the duck was actually tastier. I came on a Saturday night and it was pretty busy, but we were seated immediately when we came in. Most of the items are under $10, which is a deal in my book. Maybe this place was a little too authentic for me because most of the dishes had a home-made flare rather than the typical Chinese restaurant. One thing I do applaud them for is the service, the service was greeat! We were treated like human beings, which not very common at Chinese restaurants. Most of the time as a customer you feel like the server/owner is doing you a favor by serving you, but totally not the case here. If you're a big duck fan definitely come here. I'll probably swing by again just to try the soup because it looks pretty tasty on the Yelp pictures.
5	This place is so yummy! I love their shrimp dumplings, bbq pork w/ egg noodle soup and the crispy bread sticks. But pretty much everything looks delicious. They're always busy here(that's always a good sign). The service has always been pleasant, and the prices are very reasonable.
4	Great cantonese food. The congee with roast duck is AWSOME. A must visit every time I am in Las Vegas
5	Love the food! Everytime when I want to get Roasted Duck, they always have it. I love how the juicy meat of duck goes into my mouth. The service was good as well even on a busy day.
4	If you want oodles of noodles that are, you know, delicious and cheap, this is your place. The volume of options can be a bit daunting, but so long as you keep it simple, you'll enjoy everything there. You can build your own bowl of noodles (choose the type of noodle you want, the broth, and the toppings) or you can order a pre-set combination of noodle, broth, and toppings. Also, get the duck or any of the BBQ meats in addition to the noodles.Very busy place. Expect a wait during peak hours because they do get pretty busy!
5	By far the most flavorful roast duck and roast pork I have had. The shrimp wontons were loaded with whole shrimps, bbq pork fried rice had that hint of burn flavor that only a seasoned full fire wok wood have, chicken chowfun was good, Chinese brocoli with oyster sauce, why not.For two people again so much food and plenty take home to the posse aka kids. Bonus, the bill was only 40 bucks. Definetely coming back and trying the other side of the menu.
5	For Vegas, this is pretty damn good. My mother even approved and nothing is EVER as good as her's!  She usually likes going to Cafe Noodle House and now she has a new favorite!  She even said it compared to noodle houses in Hong Kong! Guess that says it all...I've been here a few times now and have compared the wonton noodle soup (my comfort food) to other's I've had in Vegas and they are hands down the best in the city.   Even their roast duck and roast pork is awesome.  It is always packed and is a cash only establishment but well worth the wait.
5	Best Chinese food in town! Everything there made a connection with my taste buds! Try the rice noodles with XO sauce! It's to die for!
4	duck and pig ear taste authentic and delicious! Fast service and friendly people. What else do u need?
5	Best spot for Chinese noodles in Las Vegas! The wait can be insane on weekends during lunch time. I've waited 30 min to an hour on Sundays for a table...usually if this is the case I'd just leave but my grandma absolutely loves this place. This is not the nicest chinese restaurant that you'll find in Las Vegas but the food is great! They serve the usual entrees that you would find in most Chinese restaurants but their specialty is their delicious noodle soups and BBQ entrees. My go-to order here is a bowl of wonton egg noodle soup with the thin noodles with a side of chinese brocolli that is served with oyster sauce. These items sound simple but always leaves me satisfied and happy as can be. Their roast pork is delicious as well. I usually would avoid eating the skin of pork but that would be a sin here.Most of the employees speak both Chinese and Vietnamese which I found pretty impressive. Their English is for the most part...broken..so be patient...you won't regret it. The food and affordable prices will have you coming back time and time again.
5	This is by far the most authentic hong kong style noodle place in Las Vegas . The restaurant is medium size but there are many helpers, hence your orders are taken immediately. We tried the char siew noodles, duck rice, friend noodles, green vegetables and they are absolutely of High standard and quality.. the char siew noodle soup has very delicious soup base and the char siew is tender and yummy! the fried char idea noodle is filled. With crunchy bean sprouts and the noodles are just right..chewy and  simply delicious. the portions are in my opinion very generous . I highly recommend  this place as a must for Hong Kong style noodles!
5	Such a nice surprise, Hong Kong style BBQ at its best. The duck was tasty, the roast pork was crispy and delicious. Very nice servers, which is a huge surprise for these types of restaurant. If you like Sam Woo, this is better plus nice friendly servers.
4	Ok. fact or fiction.Fact:1. They are cash only business.2. If u are looking for a place to eat. Where u can contemplate and consider the merits of each mouth watering dish in a calm and zen like environment. "This is not the place" It is pure chaos, noise (chatter) and movement all the time.  "I Love it". Chinese food with a show! 3. Expect to be greeted and seated with a menu when they can get to you! 4. Expect to be asked for your order 20sec after u have been seated. You have 10sec to respond with ur full order, or they will move on to the next customer. (Saw 2 different hostess do this)5. Some of the best prices and menu options.6. A non complex menu. It is what it is! With gravy or dry is all u need to know for your noodle dishes.7. 5 star:  must tries     The duck, so good.     The soup, seafood dumpling with noodles. The broth was rich, salty.      4 Star:  delicious     The crispy pork belly and BBQ pork rib combo. I personally did not try this (gave up pork products for lent) but trust the people I was having lunch with. That it was good.      Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce. I know not original. But this is always a must order dish for me .     3 Star: good but not great .      Combination crispy noodle. The noodles were off the hook. The gravy was good, that's it just good . Fiction:1. The best service you will ever have. 2. A nice quiet place to contemplate your day.   "Lol, not here"I will deffinately come back here to try the many different dishes here , especially the soups.
4	I would recommend what we had during our visit...my daughter had combo #7 with pork and roasted duck over rice, my wife had delicious seafood egg noodle, my son had hard to find roasted duck porridge and i had wonderful roasted duck egg noodle with wanton, and the whole family shared a full plate side order of the famous roasted duck...theme of the day if you missed the pattern still...anything with ROASTED DUCK you cannot go wrong... :)
5	Been coming here for the longest now..  Very hole in the wallish type of place.  Food is real good and yummy.  My favorites are the roasted duck and pork.  The pork is real crispy with that crunch we all expect from a good roasted pork.
5	Love their roasted pork. their roast duck is nice and juicy...im not a duck girl but it was flavorful. their fish balls with curry... OMG goodness. by far  my Favorite chinese food place to go.
1	Ordered $470 worth of food to go 3 days ago.  Called twice to confirm 3:30 delivery, they didn't get food done until 4:20.  Very disappointed at their time management.
4	Cash only. Closed on Fridays. That said, I love the wonton noodle soup ($6). The broth is clear, flavorful, not too salty, and hot (in temperature). It cooks the noodles, so you have to wait about 2-3 mins. to dig into those. In the mean time you can sip broth and eat the delicious wonton (pork) wontons. It's the bomb if you know/like Chinese soup. They also add scallions and a few chinese greens.I've tried their roasted pork. I did not think it was the bomb like other reviewers. It's ok. I think I just have spent my childhood eating roasted pork (lechon). So, if eating pork , I guess I prefer that (and wontons, and bacon of course).
5	This place was awesome. I had a craving for both roast pork and roast duck and this place definitely hit the spot! the price was decent $7.99 for combo #2 with rice, and it came with Chinese broccoli.. not steamed cabbage/carrots like other places. it was good that i inhaled it...I think the old man across me was watching me.didn't get to try the noodles but I did see some people order it and they made it look good.what really stands out about this place is that the waiters were the nicest waiters and they were Asian!not from here... so definitely will be coming back when I visit.
4	This place had everything I wanted in an old skool Chinatown restaurant, you got your roast duck, roast pork, BBQ pork, they even had pork intestines! I was in heaven, I probably enjoyed this place more than my friends, but I didn't care, this was my pick for the trip and I loved every minute of it.
4	Clean Chinese restaurant with friendly prompt staff.  Decent prices but they only take cash.  Roasted Duck & Pork Rice Plate:  The duck was good.  Nice and flavorful, but pretty standard for Chinese roasted duck.  The roasted pork was the standout.  Very tender and juicy.  Not dried out like some places.  And not overly fatty or greasy either.  Great flavor on the pork and roasted to perfection.Mi Xau Don (Crispy Noodle):  The flavor was good but there was too much sauce/gravy that made the noodles too soggy to fast.  If they lighten up on the sauce, the dish would be perfect.
2	Before heading back to Cali, my friends and I wanted to get a quick bite. My buddy keep talking about this place she found on yelp. I was already skeptical about this place but I always try to keep a open mind. This interior decoration was horrible. Nothing on there menu look appetizing. I decided to be safe and just order the rice dish with bbq pork and roast pork. It wasn't bad but nothing special either. Would I be back! No!!!
5	Holy roasted pork belly! This place blew my mind. Man...talk about flawless! These people are Chinese BBQ experts! Their roasted pork belly was tiptop extreme crispy perfection and the moist BBQ pork was also fanastic!Right when I walked in, the ladies working the front eagerly waved me down and started convincing me that I wanted a lb of everything. It reminded me of walking into a car dealership and approaching the wave of commission based salesmen. Be sure to stay strong or you will succumb to the glorious pork that's glistening right in front of you and end up buying more than you intended. Initially I was planning on purchasing a half lb of each, but I easily couldn't resist and ended up buying 1 lb of each - roast pork belly and BBQ pork, all for $27.20. They weigh each kind of meat (majority of the time it's a little over what you intended to buy) But, I honesty don't regret buying a little over (unless I was on a strict budget). Make sure to request a copy of your receipt if you need one, they don't give one typically for BBQ take-out orders. I took one bite and was astonished on how crispy, juicy, and flavorful the roast pork belly was. Wow, can I just say mouthgasm? Nothing in this world can beat an expertly roasted crispy pork belly skin. They make a wining one here with an indescribable magical crunch. They also provide a small container of plum hoisen sauce to dip your pork belly in. They pair perfectly together - perfect harmony of salty and sweet.  As I expected, The BBQ pork was expertly prepared as well. Tender, moist, seasoned well and not over salted. It would be amazing in sandwiches (banh mi), with rice, in egg noodle soup...or hell, served in a boot! Make sure to bring your cash and your self control! You might need it in here...
5	friendly staff and great food! It's always busy in there so be prepared to wait if you're dining in.Tip: This restaurant is cash only
5	I love this place. I rarely give out 5 stars here Yelper.This is the real deal for some Asian BBQ and noodle soup. I wish I live closer! This is a must stop when we visit Las Vegas. Actually make it the first stop. :)I always get the Roast Pork, BBQ Pork, Wontons and hubby likes the Hainanese Chicken Rice. They are always busy and they take cash only.
5	Great roast pork, bbq pork, steam chicken, and roast duck.  Bad thing is cash only, close early and closed on fridays
4	The service is quick and the flavor is great. It definitely has a feel similar to Maxim Cafe if you're familiar with it in Hong Kong. My only gripe is that the venue is small and if you have to wait, there's no sitting area. You sometimes have to stand awkwardly for a table at the front of the restaurant while other patrons are eating around you.
5	Can't go wrong with fried tofu, roast duck and xo noodle. Everything is so favorable reminds me of China town Honolulu.
4	great place for cheap Chinese food! I always get the char-siu pork and the pork belly - super spot on. the skin for the pork is crisp and the meat is tender. I can always count on this place for a quick takeout meal!
5	Best Chinese BBQ place in Vegas.  Pricing is very reasonable and the BBQ items are always delicious.  Don't forget the soup noodles and the fishballs on a stick, all awesome tasting at this restaurant!  Make sure to come early as it gets packed during lunch hour.  Seating area is very limited as it is a somewhat small restaurant.  If you are looking for strictly good food and are not too worried about a fancy atomosphere, then you have to hit this spot.  It's all about the taste buds here.
4	Food was great and very tasty.  Like any other asian place you typically go to, the service definitely was not stellar. Overall, will likely go back if I am ever back in town.
3	Been here a couple times and I've quickly learned that their BBQ meats are the only thing worth getting. Don't get me wrong, their BBQ is probably the best I've had in town, but the other items on their menu? Not so good and I would not get it again.First thing you'll notice when you walk in are the BBQ meats hanging from the window by the back counter. Their roast pork belly with the crispy skin is to die for and their BBQ pork is really good as well. I haven't tried the chicken or duck so can't comment on it but from the looks of everything hanging in the window, it looks pretty damn delicious. You can order meats as an order or rice plate combo. If ordering to go, everything is by weight.The other items are another story. I've tried the congee, BBQ pork chow fun, Chinese broccoli and a combo soup noodle w/ pig feet and curry beef tendon. The congee was meh, so-so; I've definitely had better at dim sum places. The BBQ pork chow fun was the only thing good out of this group and probably only because it had BBQ pork. The Chinese broccoli was all stems and very little leafy parts which was disappointing and the soup noodle was terrible because the noodles were clumped together which made it difficult to eat.Because this is a traditional Chinese style restaurant, service is not very good and it'll take a while to get someone's attention even though they have many employees roaming the restaurant at any given time. Also, don't bother speaking to them in Mandarin because their English is definitely a lot better than their Mandarin...they'll just look at you like they understand and then they'll disappear and you'll never get what you asked for. We spoke to 3 different waiters in Mandarin trying to get our check and to go boxes and 1 by 1 they disappeared and were never seen again. After waiting 10 min and speaking with 3 waiters, we ended up going up to one of the ladies and speaking to her in English and magically we got what we wanted. If they didn't understand us then why wouldn't they just say so? How rude! Definitely 1 star for service based on my most recent visit! But their BBQ is good and I'll continue coming back just for that, but not anything else though
5	Bomb.com chinese noodle soup. The duck, roasted pork, and other items are good too. The portion they give are (good and cheap). My 2 favorite words. :)
4	Who would of thought great homestyle noodle and rice chinese shop in Las Vegas. It's truely authentic! Great roasted meats of roast pork, cha sui, roast duck, and wonton noodles. Go for the wonton Noodles with roast pork or the roast pork and cha sui over rice. Huge portions. Definitely enough for 2 meals. Also had their poached chicken congee wich chinese rice cruller (yau tew) So authentic. Fried up perfectly and soft and bready on the inside.Truely a authentic chinese restaurant gem in Las Vegas with great prices. I'll be back for more.
3	The food was delicious! However, if you ask for hot tea be sure to specify that you want it with the kettle or else they will bring it to you in a plastic cup.  I'm not sure if they are trying to save the nice kettle sets, or if they don't understand that hot drinks can not be put in plastic because it can cause a health issue. Every thing else was awesome!
5	The best roast duck and roast pork you will ever have in your life. Honestly, I haven't had roast duck/pork this delicious since I lived in San Jose when I was younger. The roast duck is absolutely delicious and juicy. It's made just right. Same goes for the roast pork too. The crunch of the skin on the pork is just perfection. The beef chow fun is great as well! This place gets packed really quickly, so I suggest you go before noon. You can always order to go as well.
4	Great food. Felt like I stepped into China! Extensive menu and large portions. Our food was great. Our waitress confused my husbands order, he ordered ramen then a side of BBQ duck, she put the duck in the soup. So a language barrier is an issue when ordering. Also they should have a picture menu or some photos on the wall, because if our not Chinese you will not know what most of the items are on the menu. I would love to go back, but. Will have to google search what menu items are to figure out what to try new, and maybe learn Chinese to tell the waitress to not combine everything.
4	I love this place! Yumminess, quick, and cheap! Awesome roasted pork belly and tofu with sauce! Downside cash only folks!
4	Love the Roast Pork here.... moist.. yet crispy and just the right amount for lunch.  The atmosphere is fun, too.  Love seeing the hanging duck.  I'll go back again and again.  Though it's really bare bones kind of place.... It just FEELS real and tastes GREAT.
5	So glad I got to dine here for lunch & even more glad that I beat the mad lunch crowd.  About 10 mins after we sat down, a hoard of people showed up & just hovered by the door, waiting for tables.  I felt bad for the folks sitting near the door because they must be feeling the pressure to eat quickly...We ordered a plain wonton (not so good), Hainan Chicken - white meat (delicious), char Sui & roast pork (very good).  The comfort food really hit the spot & the prices were very reasonable.  Too bad they only have iced milk tea because I preferred the hot milk tea.  I will come back.
4	First timer, arrived 20 minutes after opening and this place was packed.  My husband and I both had the roast & BBQ pork combo with rice for $7.99 each (more than enough).  It was good, but not as great as the restaurant I eat at in Cali, but one of the best here in vegas so far.  Only downfall is this is only a cashed based restaurant.
4	Yummy food! Great for catering events. Last time they were two hours late making our catered food. We'll see how they do this time. Ordered roasted pork belly, combination fried rice, soy sauce chow fun, BBQ pork, and Chinese broccoli.
4	I came here with my fiance for lunch while on vacation in Vegas.  I found this place with the help of Yelp.  I saw the great reviews and had to try it.  This place is cash only and small.  Once you walk in you can tell you're going to have a good meal because everyone is chowing down and smiling. I decided to order the roasted duck and roasted pork combo with veggies.  It was delicious.  The pork was nice and crispy and the duck had a lot of flavor.  It was nice eating a simple meal.  My fiance had the wonton noodle soup with bbq pork.  He said his meal was enjoyable also.  Thanks yelp for helping me find a great place to eat while on vacation.
5	We found this restaurant from Yelp. Mmm.. So yummy and authentic. We actually felt like we were in Hong Kong. All the dishes we ordered were great, but I especially like the roated pork and BBQ pork. Milk tea is great too. When we are tired of the buffet from Vegas, this is the place we go. For good food and great price!
3	Amen for nice people! I have eaten here several times. I love the pork belly and fried rice! On my last visited I waited, and waited and waited, until finally a nice couple said she needs help. While this was a longer wait than usually I feel like this is along the lines of the quality of service for non-Asians. I love this place but I have to be in the mood to tolerate the service.
2	Went there last Sunday since I was craving for Chinese food. Tried this place out bec the ratings. When I came in,the smell reminds me of Hongkong which is very authentic. We ordered the roasted platter. $15 for small serving! I expected more. I couldve just ordered the rice topping for $7+ and get the same amt of meat. Love the roasted pork tho
1	Duck was the best.Roast pork and bbq pork char siu was dry.Salted fish n lupchong fried rice was okay.The beef chow fun noodles was burnt tasting from the bottom of the wok, yuck.Disappointment and overrated!
2	The food was super salty!!  The beef stew which we tried to order a pound of was barely edible with rice.  Notice I said tried...  we ordered a pound ($8) only to be told it's only available as a take out item and that they would kick us out if we ate it there.  But we could order 3 side dishes at $3 and that would equal a pound.  We'll take 2.  The owner stood and watch the server scoop to make sure she wasn't going to give us extra.  Awkward!! We ordered the roast pork appetizer only to be told they just sold out of it.  Ok, give us one of the 3 ducks hanging in the window.  Sorry someone came in right now and bought the last three.  Well, let's go won ton noodle soup.  The broth was super salty but flavorful and the won tons were tasty.  30 minutes later they told us they had more duck and roast pork.  Great we'll take a side dish of both.  Sorry you can only buy in lbs.  Ok we will take a pound.  Duck was super fatty and the skin was not crispy at all, yuck.  I must admit the pork was good.I expect service at Chinese restaurants to be horrible and they met and exceeded my every expectations.
5	Wow, this is the best Asian food that I have had in Las Vegas and some of the best that I have ever had in the state. I can't think of anything better right now. It is authentic the duck is excellent the only thing is they only take cash, but that is overlooked due to the quality of the food.
3	I used to love this place but they always seem to forget one persons order each time we come. This time was a party of 6 and we are still missing an order... Half an hour after everyone has finished their meals. It's kind of ridiculous cause they don't even admit to forgetting the order. The food is still good. Just really annoying service!
4	If you're coming here for customer service, you are in the wrong place, honey.  That damn roast duck alone is worth my driving ...with a fever....in the rain....to get cash at the ATM (once I learned it was only cash only) 10 minutes down the road and back. I ordered the duck wonton soup to ease the fever I was hosting that day. And the BBQ pork and duck plate was for my boyfriend. The soup was fairly salty, as all duck soups tend to be. Won ton was average. But, that crispy fatty duck was soooooooooooooo worth every every single non customer service stares I got that day. I absolutely loved it. The BBQ pork was off the hook, too. Maybe it was the fact that I haven't had either dish since moving out of Hawaii but, boy oh boy...I'm glad I was sick and saw that on someone's IG feed. I went back the next day to have more duck. Did I mention I was eating alone? It was that good, I couldn't wait till someone got off work to eat with me. SOLO-DOLO is fine with me when food is that yummy.
5	After three days straight partying, there is no better place to have hangover food than the #8 best rated chinese restaurant in USA.As a tourist you would have never guess this lil hidden place is packed with such devine flavors. We were lucky to have my uncle who is a local to join us and show us. This place will always and forever be our place to go when we visit Vegas! Can't wait to come back!
5	Best Asian noodle place in town. Most of customers are Chinese.  That is a good sign that the place is really good. . It is very cheap and so tasty.
4	Beware of the bills they add hidden tip,  it does't showed on the bill so I did gave them tips on top of al the addition and we were only party of four. I found it out on our second visit. The rating I gave is for the food they were great. I don't know what is the law in Nevada in CA you must disclose the practice to the customer otherwise is violation of the law. I will never come back here despite the food are delicious.
4	My daughter and I tried this place for the second time. It's good food. Definitely authentic Hong Kong style cuisine. Must have wonton egg noodle soup! The dumpling soup was also very delicious! The curry fish balls reminded me dearly of Hong Kong. This is one eatery I'd recommend to all my friends. But be forewarned, it was only my daughter and I eating in and they charged us an extra 15% gratuity.
5	Quite gem hidden in China Town. Food is good and priced well for Vegas. Definitely on the list of must visit when in Vegas.
4	Cash Only !!!!! It's a small place so it gets crowded and always running out of BBQ ribs or crispy pork. Foods are delicious! Will only serve water if you ask.
4	It's good! The cha siu (BBQ pork) is one of the better ones I've had in the States. The pieces are smaller and more tender. The downside is the sauce is more like traditional soy sauce rather than the thicker cha siu sauce that other places have... and you don't get enough sauce on the rice. Not as good as HK or Vancouver, but better than many of the places in LA. Definitely would come back!
3	I could have given this restaurant 4 to 5 stars. The BBQ and noodle dishes are pretty good. I don't know if any one noticed that this Restaurant automatically added 15% tip to your bill without letting you know. I have to asked the cashier to find out the additional charges on my bill. We're only party of three. I don't mind leaving 15% tip and I was going to do that anyway, but it should be optional. I don't know whether this is legal or not. Please check you bill before paying for it.
4	Overall really good and authentic food!  We got crispy duck and it was solid.  Definitely recommend.
5	The food is good & in decent portion.  The roast pork & bbq pork were excellent.  I have to say it's better than the Chinese restaurant in LA.  It's a pretty small place but quick turnover....only accept cash & close on Fridays.  One thing I didn't like about it's that they charge extra in holidays without any notice.....Other than that, everything is great.
4	If you are hungry and want excellent Chinese food at affordable prices, this is the place to come. It's not the typical fried rice, kung pao, orange chicken fare, this stuff is legit Chinese food. The most popular dish ordered by non-chinese is the #7 BBQ 2 combo with rice. It comes with peking duck and crispy pork belly that has been deliciously flavored with Chinese five spice powder. Also included is a side of bright green steamed Chinese broccoli. It all sits atop plain white rice that has nicely absorbed the marinade of the duck and pork. It's a complete meal, with your protein, carb and veggie for $7.99. The pork belly is something to talk about. It has an excellent balance of crunchy skin and moist meat. There are great flavors here with the salty, briny meat and hint of anise which is strong but not overpowering. The duck was the usual and not much to talk about there. Cash only. Crowded.The staff who have excellent command of the English language are really friendly, welcoming and approachable. The ones with minimal English are not so friendly and in American terms could be considered to be downright rude. It all is to be taken with a grain of salt. I attribute their rudeness to their inability to communicate. The super friendly demeanor of the English speaking associates help make up for their non-English speaking counterparts.  Located across the street from Wendy's noodle cafe and 168 market. This is one of my favorite little blocks to eat while in Vegas.
