3	Out of curiosity, I stopped in one sunny Saturday afternoon. The place was jumpin' -- full of horsey folks and dog lovers. After wandering around for a while, I could see why. Besides the horse supplies, there was loads and loads of premium dog foods, like Canidae and California Gold. I don't usually spring for the high end stuff. So I can't say whether or not their prices were competitive. But as an example, the really big bags were about $45 on average.Also, I loved watching the lil chick peep-peeping about, and the piglets snoozing, and bunnies wiggling their little noses. I'm such a sucker for cute little animals.
3	Lovingly locally referred to as just "The Feed Store", this place is wonderful for all of your equine needs and more.  Friendly service and small town small shop feel.For me, lacking a horse, I'm able to find DMSO which is a solvent that works great for my tendonitis, but unfortunately it is not approved by the FDA for human usage.  The horses can use it and enjoy the benefits, but not humans.  Oh well.  So, for a quick fix of DMSO make sure you hit the Feed Store.  If they ask then just say "uh... uh... it's for my horse."
5	One could assume from the name that they only serve the needs of larger animals or those critters considered "un-domestic" (e.g.: horses, chickens, goats, etc.)... But au contraire!!They have just about every brand of specialty dog and cat food imaginable... which just happens to comprise the bulk of my monthly grocery bill (ahem, yes I know I need a life)... but I digress.Not only do they carry these foods, but their prices are SIGNIFICANTLY lower than some of the other specialty shops and something I would associate normally with big box stores. So when I can save $30 to $35 dollars off a bag of dog food that I was previously paying $105 for - well let's just say you have my attention!They have the normal assortment of toys and treats for the little home bodies as well. It's not a huge selection, but very adequate. They also sell every imaginable vaccination for just about anything with four legs or the feathered two-legged variety.Then we move on to the things I don't know nearly as much about. They have just about anything you would need if you owned horses, pigs, goats, chickens, ducks, rabbits, etc. And I'm not talking just the pens to corral them, or the food to keep them all happy, but the actual critters as well. If you go, make sure you go in to the back where they have the hatchery to see all the little ones. They are way too cute!One half of the main store seems to be dedicated to horses and tack, but I have never owned one, so I can't really speak to that.Top this all off with their grooming services and this place is a virtual one stop destination for your pet needs!Overall I have found that my fondness for The Stock Shop has increased with every single visit. The staff is friendly (i.e.: they always make me put down my bag of food so they can carry it out to the car), they have all the big box benefits but are small and personable, they make it a point to ensure you know that if they don't have it they will get it for you at no additional cost, and you are going to spend way less money for the same exact product!!Love this place!
4	-Lots of food, feed, and supplies for your standard farm animals, plus food & supplies for cats, dogs, and pet birds.-Excellent equine selection.-Cute, adorable baby chickies for purchase and to cuddle.-Reasonable prices.-Clean restroom (from handling the chickies or after consuming a Starbucks Venti beverage).-Plentiful parking.-Friendly employees.-Open 7 days a week.
5	Super cool Place. We like having our Dog's groomed here. plus they have Chickens, Bunnies and Goats. This place has alot of stuff for all different types of animals. They also have a large selection of Dog food.
5	I arrived here searching for baby chick supplies.  I found everything I was looking for.  Their pricing is quite competitive with online hatcheries.  The staff was friendly and helpful in answering questions about which feed to purchase.  There were also many cute baby chicks there to purchase and adore.  They have a great selection of Dog Food as well.  Thank you for your help in keeping me and my furry/feathery companions happy.
5	The Stock Shop is a bit of Peoria flavor. Both serious pet owners and those who just want to cuddle with adorable baby animals alike can find a haven for these activities. The owners are knowledgeable about care for a wide array of animals as well as very informed about the products that they sell. I purchased my pet bunny at the Stock Shop over two years ago, and the packet that they gave me when I took him home is still very useful to me. I always get his food here too because they have the best quality rabbit food with the best price!
5	This has got to be the cleanest, nices, only non-smelling pet supply food store I have ever been to.  We came here today because they had a special event for kids like, petting zoo, fire truck, corn tub for kids to play in, Easter magnet making, & master gardeners to answer questions.  We hung out for about and hour and bought some feed for our chickens at home that we also bought at The Stock Shop.  I highly recommend this spot even if you have to drive a little....remember, pets mart stinks.
5	I've been buying my dog food here for years - Canidae dog food for my active cattle dogs.  It's very affordable for a natural dog food.  All of my dogs have been on this food and they do very well on it.  Lamb & Rice is our flavor of choice.The people at The Stock shop have always been extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  They always offer to carry my 40# bag of dog food out for me. They also have a frequent shopper program that gets me a discount on my 10th bag of food.  I just need to cut out the UPCs and bring them in when I've collected enough.
4	Great little farm store! I shop here often for my flock of chickens(also purchased here) living in my backyard. I bought 12 and only lost 1 when she was still very small. They carry organic feed, which can be hard to find. Love it! Place is kept clean and organized. You get in, order/pick-up what you need and get out. Most of the staff seems to be knowledgeable and friendly. Always willing to help you load the BIG stuff. They recently had a Spring open house type event just before Easter. It was great! The kids had fun and it wasn't crazy busy.
5	Great place. I like to get my  food here and also rawhides/bullysticks for the mutts. The people here are very helpful and nice. I like to support local shops! Would love to buy more, but Glendale won't let me have chickens in my neighborhood!
5	As a novice farmette person for the past year, I went to this store to learn proper ways to feed animals and they were patient with answering my questions. Can call or go there to explore to learn. Very nice store and its staff members were friendly.David, Phoenix
4	Going to a farm supplies store would normally not be considered a fun activity, but visiting this place sure is an enjoyable experience. Although they do sell feed and other farm supplies, pet owners will also find much of what they need for their home animal companions here, as well as some animals for sale which can be home companions. The prices are good and  the staff is friendly and helpful. I don't have a pet right now because of apartment rules, but when I get a place of my own, this is one of the places on my list for getting pet supplies, and possibly pets themselves. In the meantime, this is where I get seed and cracked corn which are approved for feeding the birds in a nature preserve that I frequently visit.
5	Love this place. Super nice folks working there, always willing to help you find something. I'd shop here a lot more, but it is really far from me. I like that it is locally owned (at least I think it is). They carry the higher end dog foods which is hard to find in any chain store.  I can't find a website for them though.
5	LOVE...this store!! Their prices on dog foods, treats and dog bones are excellent., plus the variety of brands that The Stock Shop carry  is far superior to any other pet food store in the Valley.  Everyone that works at this store gives a sense of ownership. They are super knowledgeable about any type of animal food, and immunization information. Additionally, they are eager to help their customers to ensure they are happy, with their shopping experience.I have been shopping at this store for almost a year, and when I leave I am always an extremely satisfied customer.This is a wonderful family owned business!!
5	Decided to check out this store, cause i heard they have a "Responsible Pet Owner Club" which you get up to $50.00 in store gift certificates for each pet. (limit 3) ,here is the website for more info..http://thestockshop.org/responsible-pet-owner-club/Lot of assortment of food for all types of pets and Live animals.
4	This isn't a full review, just thought all my fellow tortoise owners should know that this is the first place I've found that regularly carries the large bag of Mazuri tortoise diet. It's about $2 a pound if I remember correctly. They also carry a bunch of other exotic Mazuri products, for instance, llama food. Since the store caters mostly to mammal owners, it's not really my kind of place, but it does look cool, have a nice vibe, helpful employees and quality products. One note, it was hard to find on Yelp! because the sign on the store just says Feed Store and that's all I've ever heard it called. The place is impossible to miss, though, if your driving down Thunderbird in Glendale.
4	I have 2 hypoallergenic dogs who have so many allergies. It is so ironic! Anyways this is where I usually get my dog food. They have a great selection and I can find no chicken, no grain dog food like taste of the wild for my allergy dogs. If you don't see what you like, make sure you go in the back where they keep the big bags of dog food and other brands.I also like to get them frozen bones to chew on. They go nuts over these bones and will spend all day in the yard eating them. I will not let them in the house though because they get all gooey.I think the prices are pretty reasonable. I have not found the dog food any cheaper in the area.I think the cat department is lacking though. They do not have a big selection and I could not find any food for sensitive stomach cats. (Geez, my animals are so weird or maybe I am just neurotic?) They also do not have any cat toys for me to buy! This makes shopping difficult because I have to go to 2 different stores if I need cat stuff. Luckily she eats a lot less, so her food lasts so much longer. I also like to get my horse stuff here. They have lots of treats and supplies. It is mostly geared for the western type rider.You can get your dog groomed here. They tried but didnt get the cut right so we haven't been back. If you are feeling blue, go look at the cute little chicks! Adorable. It makes me want to get chickens because they are so cute. Then I think about chicken poop, and I am like no, no more animals. Also check out the farmers market they have on the weekends. Support your local farmers and businesses! Its important. My cupcake lady (cupcake cafe) is there sometimes. Its great!
4	There were a few people who just looked at me even when I had a confused look on my face, but I assume they had other jobs to do.  The two girls at the front though were very helpful and answered all my questions.  I'm getting started with some backyard chickens and was mostly clueless.  They showed me everything I needed and were extremely helpful.
5	It's chicken time! My husband and I had been planning on getting chickens this January so we drove out to the west valley to The Stock Shop. On the phone they told us they had some baby chicks in stock, if they didn't have what we wanted they could order. The staff was very friendly and helpful in answering questions and making recommendations for food and cage bedding. We picked out four little chicks, a bag of food and a 40lb bag of pine bedding all for around $32. Not bad! We were told that the the likelihood of the chicks being female was 90%, as we wanted them for egg laying, and if they turn out to be male the shop will buy them back from you for $4 each. I guess we won't find out for a while but that's nice to know that they sort of guarantee their chicks. Nice, clean store, plenty of parking, good customer service, fair prices.
5	Got our first wittle chicks! They had only 2 breeds in stock of pullet size...i'm still learning but these were baby chickens about 1-2 weeks old, not brand new chicks. we bought 4, some food, some bedding (compressed pine is what he recommended) and off we went!it is a very large feed and tack shop and it is a long way from our home. but they are open every day of the week and can special order breeds if they don't have them on site, however, we were told they were getting a new shipment in next week, but we wouldn't have had time so we picked up a few buff orphingtons(sp?).they were super helpful and the place was busy. we kept asking all these lame questions but they just helped us out instead of making us feel like first timers. the chicks were 4 bucks each, a bag of organic chick food was 10 bucks, and the 40lb bag of bedding was about 20 bucks. the place is fully stocked for all your other animal needs from horses to dogs to gerbils to parakeets. lots of food selection for any pet. very, very friendly and clean store.
5	This is a great pet shop...they have feed...dog food in bulk and yes DUCKS. I have had pet ducks for over ten years and this is where I have gotten them. I have had good luck with rabbits here too. The staff is informative and they care about their customers. I will continue going to the Stock Market for feed and goodies. Go..you might have fun....
5	Certainly not out of line price wise considering that in many ways they are a real specialty shop for animals, almost boutique-ishy in a way. The variety of products offerred is mind blowing and the customer service is the best. For me this has become the only pet supply place I buy food, treats and accessories for my large dog and nowhere else.Mal Cooper
5	My favorite place for dog food, treats and toys. I lost one of my dogs last October. My other dog was in serious need of a nail trim. The groomer was quick and efficient as well as knowledgeable and friendly. The whole appointment took mere minutes and my sweet dog was the least stressed she has ever been.She enjoyed sniffing around and receiving pets from much of the staff. Ontario is thankful for the kindness and care she received on her first visit to The Stock Shop!
1	After all the rave reviews, I called and ordered a certain dog food which they did not have in their store.  The clerk said it would be in by Thursday, gave me the price and said she would call me when it came in.  I waited on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Monday  and finally called them.   My name was there, the name of the food and the price, but she didn't order it.   If I hadn't called, I would be sitting here yet waiting.  I don't know about you, but I am tired of always having to check up on orders or following through on things.  With so many people out of work, why can't they find accurate and customer oriented people?
4	I have mixed feelings about the Stock Shop. The location is great and this place carries a TON of great products! I use the equine part of the store and they've got it all: grooming supplies, basic horse boo boo fixes, saddles, saddle pads, bits, head stalls, halters and lead ropes, longe lines, longe whips, spurs and straps, grains, and even some of the more popular feeding supplements, and basic around the barn supplies. Seriously, the selection of stuff is amazing and saves me a ton on having to pay for shipping from companies, not to mention their prices are pretty reasonable! From what I've noticed they also have poultry care supplies, dog supplies, and maybe pig supplies as well. The only complaint I have (if I can even call it that) is about the staff. Some days I go in and I'm greeted with a kind smile, a warm hello, and they ask about my horse and whether or not my last product worked with him (they're good at remembering their customers!). But other days I go in and the same gals are cold as ice and give me horribly mean looks along with terrible service. Regardless of whether or not they're kind, they ALL are knowledgable and if you ask a question they will definitely help! Overall, I like going in and getting the crappy service at times is still worth the trip.
5	Recently had some more positive buying experiences in this fine shop. Excellent attentive service by the entire staff, and pricing that rivals the online discount shops.Can't find ANYTHING to say not 100% positive.Mal Cooper
4	Well I have not always had a good experience at this store but for the first time ever.  I called to ask about an item and a Very intelligent informed Rep. Named Heidi Hoe. SHE HELPED WITH EVERYTHING that I was going to need and prices.Kudos, Finally The Stock Shop
