4	I'm not sure why this was listed as closed but hopefully it gets updated soon. I always always always make this my last stop out of LV. It's convenient to get in/out of and it's very close to the freeway. The staff is friendly but unless you need a quick 5-hour energy, you don't really need to go inside because the pumps and credit card readers always seem to be working well. It might be just dumb luck but I've never had an issue here. -knock on wood- Anyway, this is just the most convenient gas station going back to Cali IMHO. It's not closed.
5	If you have a RALPHS card, you can save some major money on gas. On my last visit to this station, I swiped my Ralphs club card. I got a price that was amazingly even better than the cash price for gas!  I was able to purchase gas for $3.09/gal. That's awesome. My ralphs card saved me more than $0.25/gal.  There wasn't anyone that I needed service from, so I can't tell you whether the guy working here was friendly or not but I'm sure glad that he kept this station clean. IT's also awesome because there are three lanes of pumps with three islands per row. That made what. . . a total of 36 pumps at this one stop. COOL
5	THE BEST GAS STATION IN VEGAS! You can't go wrong with Chevron with Techron! The prices here are low and guess what! It is next to In-N-Out and Jack in the Box! Yum fatty foods before heading back home! =)Definitely recommend coming to this gas station!!!
4	This is my go to spot when I need caffeine and don't feel like hitting up a Starbucks. There coffee area is always clean and plenty stocked. I am not sure what brand of coffee they supply but whatever it is, is pretty decent. This gas station has actually pretty decent prices to be right off the strip and highway intersection as well. It stays pretty busy with a steady stream of cars and people. But just be mindful to the area. It is expected to see pimps, hookers, drug dealers, drug users, all of it.
5	cheapest gas before leaving LV
5	Fairly competitive on price. Staff is always friendly. They do keep plenty of fresh stock in for snacks and drinks.
4	Being from LA, the prices at this location where quite a pleasant surprise! Especially for being so close to the freeway. But, just be ready for it to be crowded. Lines out the driveway aren't uncommon.
5	I'm from California and I have to compliment the state of Nevada on their gas prices. I envy them for that. We filled up here before heading back down the 15. It was fairly crowded, but the wait was well worth it, considering the price we paid for a gallon was $3.35..that's never going to be a common price for gas here.
4	This is a really good gas station. It's conveniently located- no matter which direction you're coming from, you can get in the lot easy enough. Gas is always competitive to other places right around the area and it's so busy that it seems to scare the bums away, which is awesome. I've never been asked for money there. That's unusual.
