5	From the moment I spoke with Sarah & Jeff, I knew that I was in good hands. :)  We discussed via telephone what my ideas were for our upcoming wedding (in Sept 2011)- they described their inventory selection and DIY ideas they had as well and it seemed to mesh perfectly with my vision.  I met Sarah at their shop and we ran around grabbing different bottles, china, driftwood, etc (along with some of the things I already had and wanted to incorporate) and we set up a few mock table options right there in the shop.  It was wonderful to have that visual and I truly valued Sarah's opinions, based on her creative background.  Sarah was in constant contact with me, updating me on the progress of new inventory, ideas, and what we finally settled on to rent.  The day before our wedding, we stopped by the shop to pick up our TRAILER load of inventory and Sarah & Jeff had everything organized and ready to go for us.  What a relief!  Not only did they allow us to pick up the day before to prepare but we also enlisted their "day of" services in which Sarah & Jeff came out to the venue and made sure the vision I discussed with them from the beginning came to fruition, as not many of my "family helpers" really understood what I was looking for.  When I arrived at the venue just moments before our ceremony, I was in complete shock.....it was BETTER than I could have ever imagined!  The creativity, hard work, and sweat that went into the setup of our decor was amazing.  It reduced my stress levels tremendously (as I was not able to be there for setup), to know that Sarah/Jeff were there to supervise and execute.When you dream of a wedding that directly reflects you and your future husband's character & personality; one that you want to be unique and special, it is beyond worth it to "think outside the box" and work with some amazingly creative individuals, like Sarah & Jeff.   Without them and their inventory, we would have never been able to achieve our "dream wedding" vision.Thank you A La Crate for making our wedding personal & absolutely perfect. :)  You were a JOY to work with!
4	Although I ended up not using A la Crate for my wedding reception due to some venue restrictions (we had to change our reception venue from our original plan and it through some things off), I had a great experience working with Sarah. The day I visited the shop she was incredibly helpful and skillfully worked with myself and another customer at the same time without making either of us feel ignored. She gave me a great no-pressure quote and when I touched base with her she was so kind and helpful again. I *wish* I could've gotten the rentals I had drooled over from A la Crate, but I'm sure that other brides and party planners will be enjoying their wares for a long time. Having dealt with a number of other "traditional" rental companies in the meantime, A la Crate is top notch! (4 stars and not 5 just as I can't evaluate the whole rental experience).
5	love, Love, LOVE this place! I had been searching for vintage accents for my event, and boy, was I stoked when I was told about this place! Sarah (owner) is amazing! We had emailed back and forth a bit before I actually went into the shop, and she was more than accomodating with my order changes. Once I stepped in the warehouse, I felt so warm and at home. What an adorable collection of vintage goodies! I wish I had a bigger budget for the event I was throwing, but the things I did rent worked out perfectly for my sisters bridal shower. I will ABSOLUTELY rent from them again. And I DEFINATELY recommend them to everyone! Check them out and you too will feel like you are part of the A La Crate family :)
5	Renting items for our wedding from A La Crate was wonderful. Sarah is incredibly sweet, creative, and super organized! Combined with flowers, the items we rented made truly stunning centerpieces and we loved the chalkboard signs. Working with professionals like Sarah definitely contributed to having a stress-free planning experience and a beautiful wedding day.
5	We rented a lot of great "extras" from A La Crate for our 9/14/13 wedding and each and every item added such an extra special touch to our vintage wedding style.  Sarah was full of ideas and incredibly understanding when we were unable to drop off our items on time. I hope to find a time to use A La Crate in the future! But in the meantime, I recommend them to anyone looking to add some spunk to their event! :)
5	The team at A La Crate made our vintage wedding perfect!  They were so easy to work with - and made my pre-wedding planning so stress-free.  The drop off and pick up were slick.  And they made our black boards that we rented look great - it tied in perfect with our theme as they were able to design them to look just like our invites.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! We rented all sorts of goodies from A La Crate for our wedding. Everything was perfect! Sarah and Jeff are two fantastic people! So friendly and a joy to work with! Thank you so much for making our day so so special! Some items we recommend: Large whisky Barrels, vintage miss-matched plates, and the wood rounds with live edge
5	Such a great experience working with A La Crate! I work at an LA-based marketing agency and needed rentals for an event in Chicago. Not only did Sarah and Jeff transport all of our rentals to Chicago from Wisconsin, but went above and beyond to answer any and all questions beforehand and make sure we had everything we needed. All of the items were beautiful and in excellent condition. They are a pleasure to work with and I would definitely use them in the future for any rental needs.
5	Two months later and I still can't believe how beautiful our wedding turned out. Sarah and Jeff are absolutely amazing, generous, and flexible (thank goodness things weren't SO busy on the same date as our wedding!) - they made us feel at home the second we walked in the door. We pretty much had everything we wanted for our outdoor wedding within 1 hr of our visit. We used several of their items, including the large barrels, the benches, and the oversized chalkboard. Everything was in impeccable condition and the prices are so reasonable. They made themselves available in the weeks and days and hours leading up to the wedding and handled business! Delivery and pickup were a breeze! I wish there was another occasion to use them ASAP. I'm sure I'll think of something ;). Oh, check out the website and pin the items onto your Pinterest boards! Everything about wedding/event planning should be this much fun!
5	Our wedding turned out so beautifully thanks to the help from A La Crate!  We used several items including chalkboards, easels, metal poles for our ceremony backdrop, vintage mailbox, barn door, lace linens, crates, and an antique base for our dessert table. Courtney was so wonderful to work with and super responsive. They even accomodated our last minute request to have a chalkboard menu created, it was spectacular!  Can't recommend A La Crate enough!
