5	Had to sit on the White Sox side...The owner was extremely laid back and friendly, and had a great sense of humor.  He played host and server all at once and treated everyone like friends and family.Sliders with Cheese -I wish the cheese was a little bigger, it was about a inch square in size.  It was like a doll blanket draped over Andre the Giant.  The meat was juicy and three sliders were plenty of food.Chicago Style Dog -Plenty of celery salt.Tamale Boat (aka the Belly Bomb)Gross but Oh So Yum drenched in chili, cheese, and onion.The "Zero calorie" (so says the owner) cheesecake on a stick would have been better a little less frozen, but that's not his fault.  He even came out of the kitchen with a gigantic chef's knife to help cut the frozen treat.Great place to go for authentic Chicago fare even if you're not a Sox or Cubs fan. I'll definitely go back again.
4	in town for the Cubbies games, My aunt recommed this place. Im glad she did. I got an Italian Beef with sweet peppers, wet. It was very good, almost as good as Portillos.Ill go back for sure when we are in town
5	Italian beef, wet with hot peppers. Bliss.
2	So i get the hanker-in for a braut. Not a hot dog but an ol' Chicago Braut. So i remember seeing this place in Glendale with some good reviews and grab a coworker and head to lunch. First the pros.1. Clean2. Nice Menu3. Friendly StaffCons.1. A bit pricey for hot dogs2. Way too Average food.3. Slow getting food to you. 4. Serves Coke products (subjective I know)So I get the Braut with frys and a coke. The Braut is grilled but on the small side. Sort of thin and short. The bun is steamed with poppy seeds and the frys are crinkle cut and thick. The food was alright at best. The coworker got the Polish Dog with chili cheese frys. The Chili was good, the cheese was good, the dog was average and a little dry. It was not thick and juicy like it should be. I would try again but not for awhile.
4	Stopped in today for lunch because I really really wanted a slider and did not want to drive all the way to the Chicago Hamburger Company in Phoenix.  I did some googling and found these guys on my side of town.   As a first timer I was surprised in that they are larger than I thought inside and had quite a bit of seating.  The food was indeed slow as some previous reviewers have stated, but I did not find the wait to be unacceptable.  It is fresh at least right?Anyways, got a few cheese sliders and a Chicago Dog.  All was great!  The food was served hot and was very tasty.  I am looking forward to going back and bringing my son with me next time.The staff was a tad wrapped up in their own conversation, but it did not detract from the experience.  Enjoy!
5	THERE IS A NEW KING OF SLIDERS IN TOWN!Boomer's Sweet Home Chicago takes the throne, the crown and the award for the best Chicago Style Slider in Arizona.I visited Boomers with my son and man those just went down so easy tonight.  I knew something had changed for the better.  It was the bread!  Boomer's is using a new bread for the sliders and it is softer and quite frankly just works. This awesome restaurant just got better in my book and now the only thing I can say that I do not like about Boomer's is that they are closed on Sundays!  How dare they take a day off with good food like that just waiting to be served!ROCK ON BOOMER'S!!!
2	Aside from the girl behind the counter being rude to us.. then our sliders not having cheese on them as ordered and paid for... it was a delight to watch the owner berate her in front of us when we brought the sliders back in and asked for the cheese we paid for! However, once we got the sliders back to my friends house we were both very disappointed that the sliders were completely unseasoned and lacked that delicious salty slider taste that were accustomed too. I also order a loaded Chicago Dog which I ate almost immediately, soggy wet mess, yes made by the same girl.. you know, it only takes one bad employee to ruin an experience forever. Will probably not return as I made a special trip to check this place out after so many favorable reviews. I'm still so very disappointed, love sliders.
3	Green river soda pop, fried mushrooms, and all of the typical Chicago favorites such as Red Hots and other miscellaneous hot dogs are served up here.  I lean towards fried appetizers at places like this and they were just alright.  Service was somewhat slow and I miss the old pizza place that was in this location beforehand.
3	The one thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars?  Steam the facking buns for chrissakes.  If the slider meat would have been cooked fresh and buns steamed would have been a great meal.  But a cold slider bun sucks ass...
3	OK so my next time here was better. Granted I could have had a baby in between my visits. (9 months) I took the lil' one with me for a burger. She had the kids meal which is a slider and frys and drink. She liked the slider but wanted more cheese. She also laughed at the "little bit of mustard" Seriously it was a dot.... I had the 2/3lb Cheddar burger. It was good BUT If your customer asks if the burgers are frozen and premade or fresh and handmade you might explain that the 2/3 is actually 2x 1/3 patties. IT IS A DOUBLE I prefer burgers cooked med rare on open flame, a 2/3lb would be a nice thick burger.....well not if it is 2 x 1/3 Right? They were cooked well done but still had a decent amount of flavor. The toppings were sparse, one small tomato and two small pieces of lettuce. The cheddar spread was good but did not have enough to taste it over the two patties. The bun was good. The frys were good, a little under cooked but I happen to like it that way. The staff was pleasant but the server should ask if you need anything before dropping the plates and running to hide behind the counter again. (I needed to ask for additional mustard) IMHO...you could be a 5 star by adding a little more customer service and adding a little flare to the food. See you in March....
5	I can't believe I never knew about a place that is a mere five minutes away from me, in a complex that I shop at frequently, until earlier today.  I found all the reviews from here very tempting, and so too were the prices.  I ordered a Chicago dog and two cheese sliders, both with everything on them.  The dog was THE BEST Chicago dog I've had in Arizona, and I've lived here for 22 years.  However, the hot dog was not the pinnacle of my meal.  The cheese sliders were A-MAZING.  The best I've ever had...anywhere.  They were slightly bigger than I expected, but I wished I had ordered more when I was done with them.I took advantage of their take-out, since I dined alone, but the actual dining area is a lot bigger than one would think by looking at it from the outside.  Lot's of Chicago memorabilia and pictures add to the atmosphere.  My favorite piece was a poster that had a hot dog rated "NK-17" (No ketchup unless under the age of 17).  That's just beautiful.To sum up: Good place to dine-in or take-out, best dogs in Arizona and possibly the best sliders anywhere.  Highly recommended.
4	Came here recently on a Friday afternoon for the first time to check out the place...and to fill my hunger.  When ordering I was informed that "sliders" were 50 cents or 65 cents with cheese.  So I tried a few sliders with cheese since it was cheap and who doesn't like these tasty little creations of joy anyway?  I have to admit I liked the food that I got.   The service was attentive and asked me how everything was.  And of course with the name "Chicago" in it there was plenty of decor representing the city.  I will be back and if others want to feel like they are in the windy city I suggest stopping by.
