5	This AJ'S isn't even on the Yelp map.  Now it is!  This particular location is tucked away in far North Scottsdale, just before The Summit at Ashler Hills.  You can easily miss it.I am not a regular AJ'S shopper, but I was making dinner for my parents one night and was following a recipe to the T.  So I needed some speciality ingredients.  My beloved Safeway didn't carry them and then I remembered seeing this AJ'S.  They had everything I needed!  Just like other AJ'S the aisles are small, the people can be snotty, but the quality of food there is second to none.  It is definitely pricey so be prepared to drop some dough.  I would never make this my regular grocery store, but if I am going to be making a special meal here is where I would come for my supplies.The parking lot here has covered parking for every spot!  That's what far North Scottsdale is all about!
4	Like the other AJ's this one is a pleasant place to shop and find some hard to find items and  some very nice ones too of often the highest quality.  They carry Rustichella di Abruzzi pasta which is superior and a large assortment of condiments and really excellent meats.  I typically use the deli section for a few prepared items which are very good and over priced.  I do not get the Boar's Head Brand thing out here.  Being from the east coast I guess we just have access to better deli products and no one I know gets excited by Boar's Head when we can have delicious italian imported meats and charcuterie.  There is no comparison!  Now that Whole Foods is here I think AJ's is going to have to re-invent itself and change their deli department.  If they don't step up to the plate they will likely fade into obscuity like so many other places have here in Scottsdale/PhoenixThe staff is the best asset of AJ's and always has been.  I have observed their resilience to fussy customers and particularly in the Pinnacle Peak store to some pretty obnoxious New York types that don't get the friendliness factor here in AZ.  At this store they are jsut as nice as can be and always pleasant and helpful AT THE VERY HIGHEST LEVEL (the exception is Neil in the Deli who was gruff and unpleasant when we arrived at 8:30 PM while he was closing up the deli,my friend asked if he had soup and he said it had been put away, anyone else would have said "Absolutely, let me get some for you to try")  A lovely lady at the deli told us to ignore him because he was from Philadelphia! Well my suggestion to him is go back to Philly.
5	The fresh brewed coffee this morning was great.
5	Wow! Aj's makes Whole Foods look basic!  Just amazing!  I will shop here all the time! And it wasn't nearly as pricey, go figure!!!
5	I'm giving a 5 to the outdoor BBQ they do FRI - SUN.For $5, you get a freshly grilled to order burger.  It is huge, on a fresh bun, and there is a help yourself fix-ins bar (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle - nothing special, but the burger is so good, you don't want to drown it).  For $2 more, you can get two side dishes - cold salads, hot beans, fries, or chips.  The quality is excellent and the burger is really, really, tasty.  They also have bratwursts, pork, and chicken sandwiches.I'm also giving a 5 for the pizzas.  You wouldn't think AJ's was the go-to place for pizzas, but WOWZA.  They will custom make pretty much any standard pie, and they also have some gourmet ones available as well.  No matter what you choose, it is hand formed, brick oven baked, and don't even bother to order extra cheese as they are overly generous to begin with.  All fresh ingredients for toppings, and humongous pizzas.  You would be hard-pressed to eat 2 slices in one sitting.But, the pastry has really slid in quality lately.  I think because they don't do a bustling business, they don't have the turnover that commands fresher pastry.AJ's is really the place to go if you need an unusual ingredient, as chances are they will have it, and if not, then they can order it.  The meat, seafood and poultry are all top quality, but you'll certainly pay for it.  AJ's isn't the place you go for your weekly food shopping (unless you have money to burn, then you won't care).They also have a superb deli counter that has hot and cold items, and some really cool ones at that.  Potato pancakes,  chicken curry,turkey meatloaf, antipasto salad, etc.  They also always have hot entrees for lunch and dinner that you can buy a la carte, or with side dishes for a full meal.  Salmon, prime rib, those kinds of things.But, this is also a cool place to hang and sit outside and eat and people watch, as it's North Scottsdale, and there's always something/someone interesting to look at.  lol
5	Good, friendly service here.  Nice and quiet store.  Covered parking.  Too good to be true.  Well, prices are high, so you pay for it.  Worth it.
5	Susan is GREAT!  We go for breakfast every Sunday after church.  She is very friendly and helpful!!!  Bagels, muffins and omlette are always yummy.
4	This AJ's location is clean and well-organized. Some of the products offered are such junk food it sort of disappoints me. I know it's not a health-food store, but I do wish they'd carry more real food type products. The produce is always good, though you will pay for the quality (I don't mind). Wine selection is good and I found the wine guy to be friendly and turned us on to some wines we would have never considered and we can also fend for ourselves with wine. Just sayin' YMMV. Best thing about this location is the meat counter. The regular  burger patties are fantastic as are the grass fed steaks. Some of the best I've found in the valley. If you buy something here, you can count on it being fresh and of high quality.
3	I stop here daily. Service varies. Some staff are rude. Food quality varies. Wish it was more consistent.
5	Love this AJ's location. Super clean and neat everywhere you look. The parking lot is endless and so big you could park anywhere and still not have to walk far to the store. All the employees are super nice every time i've gone in which makes me keep coming back. Love the pastry area, the cheesecake selection is amazing and all of the are just as good as they look. They have the biggest produce section i've ever seen and all of it just looks clean fresh and all so good I just want to buy it all. The soup, pizza, and sandwich selection is all so good. I've had some of the pizza before and the slices are so big and worth the price that you don't even need two pieces to fill you up. I've tried the corn chowder, tomato, and cream of mushroom soup and they are all to die for!
1	Service has really gone downhill. Add to the fact that recent negative publicity has tarnished AJ's reputation with regards to the mislabeling of meats over a two year period, I can only attest to the fact that AJ's has gone down in quality over the years both in terms of product quality and overall service.During my visit to this particular store this evening, not one staff member bothered to  say hello or offered to help.
1	Yes they have lost some quality- certain of the Fry's stores actually compete! AJ's get with the program -- the original is still the best!!!
1	AJs sure is fine about messing up orders. We couldn't do a home cooked thanksgiving meal at our house because our oven was broken so we had AJs cater it. We explained to a Miss Teresa that we needed a cooked meal and she said she understood. We went to pick it up and we get cold uncooked dishes and a vacuum sealed turkey. We called AJs and the manager said that they couldn't get ahold of her so the best they could do is have us drive the food all the way back to the store to cook it with our hungry guests waiting at our house. The worst part is, the manager was very unapologetic about it. Thank you AJs for your lack of competence and poor customer service. Happy thanksgiving.
3	I don't do my big shopping here, but there are certain items I totally come to AJ's for.  Like Rothchild's condiments.  Can't live without my Balsamic-Onion Jam---totally makes a roast beef and brie panini.  And they have a lot of other specialty items.  I always end up spending more money on those gourmet items once I am in the store.  I am a condiment slut---just check out my fridge and pantry!For grilling hamburgers, DH always sends me to pick up AJ's ground sirloin.  He says that is totally the best flavor hamburger around.  I don't have a lot of interaction with the folks there---I just get my stuff and go, but they seem pleasant and ready to help.I appreciate they offer a fair amount of my favorite goodies.  That is the hardest part about moving to a new place---leaving behind your "special" brands.  But then you walk out of the store and look at the mountains and it's like: "duh".  That makes up for no Frisch's Special Sauce or Dei Fratelli Tomato products.
5	I love to shop here!  Don't get me wrong, it's called the "Purveyor of Fine Foods" for a reason, it is expensive.  "You get what you pay for" is not ALWAYS an acceptable or applicable philosophy, however with AJ's it is.  Their store presentation and departments are often impeccable and most definitely aesthetically impressive.Top five reasons that AJ's (this location specifically) qualifies as a "Purveyor of Fine Foods": 1.  Sit-Down or Pick-Up Sushi Bar with a Professional Sushi Chef... Fresh sushi and sashimi made daily on site.2.  Gourmet Meals To Go... Choose from meals such as Marinated T-Bone, Fresh Alaskan Salmon, Marinated Pork Loins (menu varies daily).  Individual plates or group order Thanksgiving & Christmas Meals served every season (Pre-Order for group orders required).3.  Large Wine Department w/Wine Specialist On Hand For Pairing Recommendations Or Special Orders... Their wine specialists are superior in job experience and expertise.4.  Artisanal Floral Department...  I have never seen any other floral department in any other grocery store compare to the arrangements at this AJ's.  Only a floral company such as "Cactus Flowers" compares to their talent.5.  Exceptional Produce... They have so many different options.  Also, if you need a fruit or vegetable not on the floor, they most likely can order it for you!Honorable mention- the Bakery Department.  Small, but fantastic!
1	I used to love this place. It seems to have been spiraling down the past couple years ... This last visit is my last. I ordered the Kobe burger at the outdoor grill. It literally tasted rancid but I had never had Kobe so wasn't sure if it was normal. I then headed in and bought some salmon sushi after throwing the burger out. I go back to the patio, open it up and take a bite ... The same thing --- rancid! This place needs major health dept inspections.
1	Following Josh D's review on 11/1 - I totally agree that  AJ's has a cooked food problem.At the soup bar yesterday I stood with 2 strangers (read snowbirds) 1 of which has been an AJ's patron since it opened. All of us agreed the soups, whilst having interesting names were all very runny and had no substance.They lost 3 sales in as many minutes - I should also add being a long term Cave Creek resident this has been a problem since earlier in the year - comments have been made to the on site management to no avail.I have also tried the AJ's on Pima and they are having the same issues - looks like the whole organization needs a kick up the pants....Their pricing is expensive and we the customers expect value and quality for our money..
