5	Well well well, where do I begin? I have the pleasure of visiting Luanna (I'm sure I always spell it wrong) fairly often, but not often enough. I'd go every week if I could, and I know she could make that happen, but suffice it to say "in this economy" I go as often as I can.  She has a true passion for her line of work and it shows. I'm a hair stylist, and am on my feet all day (on a good day!) and constantly having my arms in the forward raised position. After my massage I feel taller and lighter both physically and mentally. She'll talk to you the whole time if youwant and be almost a therapist, or if you prefer a quiet time she has no problem being silent the whole 90 minutes. Oh yeah 90 minutes, 60 just isn't enough!Also, she offers packaged deals online and I just love to know I have massage credits in a stockpile ready to use at my leisure. I recomend her to everyone.
5	I have had many massages by a few experienced massage therapists, so I feel qualified to say... Luana is with out any hesitation, The Best Professional Massage Therapist in the Universe!!! Last week my wife & I  enjoyed a 2 hour massage each. Today I treated myself to my first Three Hour Massage!  "I'm addicted & I just can't get enough!"  This is more like Physical Therapy. I feel 10 years younger! Luana should  open a school, and be teaching other massage therapists how to improve their skills. I drive 45 minutes each way to see her and it is definitely worth it!
5	An out of body experience that was both divine and grounding.  Must make an appointment soon and give yourself something you richly deserve. PFP, Scottsdale, AZ.
5	Luana's therapeutic massage is very professional.  She is very warm and friendly.  Luana's ability to help you heal is good.  You will be relaxed and without stress after her therapeutic massage.  You will leave her massage studio/casita feeling as if you were floating and will surely want to drink plenty of water and get a lot of rest after your appointment.  Your muscles will let go of the tension if you allow yourself to heal=Letting go. GET a Therapeutic Massage today from ESSENCE OF HARMONY SACRED MASSAGE NOW!! Imagine feeling great now?  Book an appointment today.
5	My wife and I were visiting Scottsdale for a very short trip and I contacted Luana for a couples massage.  She is in business by herself, but she responded very quickly and made arrangements for another therapist to assist and make our experience complete.  She went out of her way to work with us.  When Luana arrived at our resort for an in-room, 90-minute treatment, we could tell that she really loves her job.  She was warm and kind and really cared about what we wanted and it was one of the best massages I have had.  I would recommend her to anyone in the Phoenix area.
5	When I saw the name of Luana's business on Yelp, I hoped for something more than the chain store/strip mall experiences I had had in the past.  What I got was far more than that.  No sudden overeager knot grinding here.  From the start Luana put me at ease.  Her caring and healing energy glows and flows through her.  I had a remarkable spiritual and emotional experience.  Something I hadn't expected. She was very supportive and reassuring.  She did some craniosacral therapy on me that opened my lungs more fully than I had experienced in many years.  Truly the best massage of my life.
