2	Not only did a drink from this location give one of my co-workers diarrhea for 2 hours straight, but they always make the drinks wrong and act like you are asking them for their first born when you ask them to re-make it. For $5 my drink better be right damnit!Go to the location inside the Safeway at 48th Street/Elliot instead unless you want your ass glued to the toilet seat all afternoon.
2	OK, so I guess I will call this the world's slowest Starbucks. And I have to agree with the other Yelper who reviewed this location since they got my order wrong as well. while I appreciate friendly and good customer service, it seems that the cashier was more concerned with socializing amongst her colleagues. I didn't think that "Chai" sounds remotely like "Mocha"I still dig Starbucks, especially the marble and pumpkin cakes. I'll just stick to my other spots.
3	This Starbucks DOES seem to be a bit slower than most Starbucks, have no idea why though. I would recommend another Starbucks instead. However, a few of the times I've been have been decent. Not one of my favorite locations.
1	The service here is horrible! I went in very early on Friday morning and there were pallets strewn all over the floor right inside the door, hello big time hazard. The store looked messy and there was not a smiling face to be found. When I got to the counter the girl behind it looked like she hadn't slept in a week and she was barely functioning. I asked for a peppermint hot chocolate. Without even looking up she mumbled that they were out of peppermint. Huh? Its Black Friday at 5am. Talk about bad inventory management. She was so rude. Starbucks is really loosing me. I would be hard pressed to go into another one anytime soon, but never this location.
4	Yes this Starbuck is busy, and yes this Starbucks can be slow.But it is the first Starbucks I have gone to that the barista made a great suggestion. I love my Caramel Macchiato's BUT I am tired of my Caramel Macchiato's. And the Barista suggested half Vanilla and half Hazelnut. I love my new drink and I love that she thought to suggest something new.That is something I just don't get about Starbucks, they rarely add new drinks to their menu, and I am sure most Starbucks fans are ready for something new! I have my new drink...now I just need to figure out how to order it everywhere...hmmmm
3	Just a normal starbucks. I don't like this one as much as the one on rural because it's a lot smaller. Not a great place to study when you are inches away from the line of customers.
4	This is my Starbucks.  I don't own it or anything, but it's the closest to my house, so I end up here almost daily.Location- a little difficult to get to heading east on Elliot, but otherwise the proximity to the I-10 makes it very convenient.Plenty of parking.  The people are friendly and quick- I've never had an issue where I was made to wait.One nit to pick- how is it that the Starbucks at Chandler Blvd & 48th (by the Ironwood Library) has marble loaf, but it's "not available for us to order" at this one?  Is this a Starbucks thing?  Corporate versus franchise or something?Ah, well, Trenta iced coffee sweetened with milk is my go to drink most of the time; they'll refill it with filtered ice water for free, or with more coffee for $.55.  Personally, though, if you enjoy sleep, I don't recommend more than one Trenta iced coffee per day!
4	Every year, maybe multiple times, I travel from Phoenix to Tucson to go from one family to the other. During my drive, it is necessary to have a delicious latte. This Starbucks is in a great location not too far off I-10. It's a good sized store too.
2	had to go... I drank Tea :)
3	While the service here is great, huge set back is that there is no drive through :(
4	The people here are SO kind! Bummer there is no drive through, but sometimes its nice to go inside. Busy, yes, but what coffee place isn't? They really strive to be quick and have never gotten a drink wrong for me. LOVE that they write your name on the cup, how personalized! Parking is great, tough to get to from Eastbound Elliot but not a huge deal.
5	Drinks are made perfect, service rocks. Other locations have employees that look bored but at this location, I'm always greeted with a smile.
3	Slow, slow, slow. Over 15 minutes for an iced green tea. Weren't busy and I could see her making it the whole time. Was like she was trying to move through the Labrea Tar Pits to make the tea...
4	Okay, so this Starbucks is in no way close to where we live.  I have been here about 3 times before just to meet with our realtor, because it is close to halfway between our homes....So, we were here on Memorial Day at 5:30pm (it closed at 6) to fill out some papers.  We were just sitting there minding our own business, when this man walked up to the counter and he was there for less than 5 seconds, before he started demanding someone help him.  I noticed that one employee was making a drink and the other was helping another customer.  The man at the counter said "Can I get some service" and he was not nice about it at all.  The employee making the drink told him, that he was busy, so hold on a minute.  The man at the counter said " I'm busy too"....The employee finished the drink and helped the man, but the man was still rude to him and continued to be rude until he walked outside.When he was outside, he was just sitting at one of the tables with his friends, kicking his feet up....Some hurry he was in.   He was still there when we left.I don't understand people.  I give the employee 4 stars for still being calm and having to deal with that.  I am a server at a restaurant and there are times when I want to tell someone off, but have to keep my cool.
4	Sea salt Carmel frap w/ a shot is the best ever!!! Great staff and a clean environment. Only draw back is there is not a drive thru window.
4	This Starbucks location is very clean. It is always very busy but I would assume most locations are. The people there are always friendly and are masters of their craft. They pump out drinks fast.  Even though the lines may be long they have you in and out of there in no time.
4	This is the Starbucks that I always come to. The staff knows my drink and they're all very friendly.
3	Nothing special about this Starbucks.  No drive through, but it's proximity to costco is convenient.
5	I love this location!  All of the baristas there are super nice, friendly, knowledgeable and make you feel at home!  They are very personal and they all take time to get to know you as a person.  My favorite barista there is Darren!  Make sure you come in a say hi to him!  They are quick and efficient, especially during their peak times.  The store is always clean and organized.  You will not be disappointed when you stop in here for your beverage of choice!
4	Rueben Rocks.  Friendly barista who keeps the line moving, wishing everyone "enjoy" or "have a great day".Small location with no drive thru but they are very efficient.
4	Wish it had a drive thru, but otherwise a nice location. Inside there is a lot of room and plenty of tables to sit and hang out. There are power outlets if you look, so you can also charge the computer, etc., while having coffee.
3	Stopped off in here for some coffee but noticed lots of cute milfs and college girls so I made sure I sipped my coffee nice n slow
4	This has to be my favorite Starbucks in Tempe. I've become a regular here every morning for their delicious drinks and yummy pastries (donuts and morning buns to be exact). A lovely barista that works there named Leah is such a sweetheart and always takes care of my order, sometimes even before I finish paying, it's awesome. I am a sucker for great customer service. This will always be my go-to 5am Starbucks stop!
1	the service here is pretty awful. i thought that maybe it was a one off thing so i came here again today and found the same story.... extremely long lines and incompetent baristas. the store itself is a hot mess. the service bar is extremely dirty, the floor looks like it hasn't been mopped in ages, and there are various spills around the store that haven't been cleaned up. the employees look uninterested or half a sleep and even though there were 6 of them behind the counter today, only 2.5 really appeared to be working at all (and really really really really slowly). of the 2.5 working, the girl at the counter was less than friendly and gave me a blank stare when i asked for my drink (americano). she rung up the coffee and the yogurt i purchased with zombie like speed. eye contact was kept to a minimum because apparently she had an allotment today and couldn't waste any.the two behind the bar were just... sigh. the guy working the espresso machines could only do one task at a time which meant that multitasking and getting drinks out was out of the question. he had to stop to steam 1 pitcher of milk then press one button to get some coffee... dude, i know there are two steam wands back there and why dont you have a supply of popular dairy already steamed? that crap goes quick! also, don't make drinks out of order... it pisses people off. when you pick a cup that was just placed there and ignore the 7 already sitting there, you make people want to jump over that counter and take over your job. girl on cold station... she looked extremely lost and couldn't find lids for over 7 minutes (that's why she's a .5 person). disaster.i won't be going back to this store and giving them my  money anytime soon. id rather drive over to mcclintock and guad. they have their act together.
1	Avoid like the plague.Unless you like waiting in a huge line and be treated like garbage. They seriously need to figure something out for this location. I'm done coming here.
5	My very FIRST Starbucks experience in Arizona ... :-))Everything was good here ... very happy with my verrrry cold drink
2	The bald guy with the glasses clearly does not enjoy his job as he was rude and impolite. He worked super slow and had a grimace on his face the whole time, you could clearly see he was "overjoyed" to be working behind the counter.
4	Great service, friendly staff, but no drive through. You can't have everything. I stop here every morning and have never had a bad experience.
4	Starbucks I knew ye when you were a single roaster and coffee mill with an interesting mermaid logo in a hive of Seattle small businesses.   Good on ye Starbucks.  You've done much for the planet's service economy.This leaf of the Starbucks coffee tree is a great meeting spot in the SE valley,  near the 10 and 202.  Nice morning and afternoon light. Got Google WiFi and a few outlets.  You know the drinks and lingo and have your own ideas about them.
