5	Duo - God's gift to women!I could never buy knee-high boots because they would never fit my chubby calves, so I would always look on with envy all the knee-high boots trotting past me. It's funny how you notice the things you can't have.Anyway, I was advised to go into Duo - and it's one of the best pieces of advice I've ever had!The shop is really cool - they have really nice wallpaper and an amazingly HUGE mirror at the back. It's really nice and open too, so I don't feel like a sardine when I'm in here. They have a lovely selection of boots, shoes, anything you could possibly want! This is pretty standard for a shoe-shop, but Duo is not just any shoe shop...They measure your leg and have all the shoes in different calf-sizes. Even if your calves are bigger than Arthurs Seat, you';ll get nice boots in Duo. It's brilliant!even if you have really skinny calves, they have smaller sizes too.Even if you have wide feet, they make their pumps to measure!I really like Duo, the staff are lovely and I feel really at ease in here. I was a bit nervous, as I've lost count of the amount of times I've tried on boots and had to send them back because they didn't fit, but I felt totally at ease in here.The boots I bought were quite expensive, but I wear then all the time and absolutely love them. It's definitely worth it.
3	I get what Duo do (provide shoes of varying widths to fit all sizes of calves and feet) and I find it admirable to a point, but I don't think this store is particularly good. I've never really had a problem getting boots or shoes to fit elsewhere, so I'm probably not their ideal customer, but I can't help feeling that they could do what they do in a much better way. The styles are all very pedestrian and the large store always seems to be pretty empty - of stock and customers. I've been in to browse on a couple of occasions and the assistants have never once approached to help me (probably because it would take them ten minutes to walk the length of the shop). This place would be much better if they filled it up with a few more pairs of shoes and some more attentive staff.
4	Like Emma, I don't tend to have bother finding shoes that fit me. But I appreciate what Duo do, and I'm sure a lot of other women do too!Duo is a large, spacious shoe store selling boots that will not only fit your tootsies, but also fit your calves! It seems they have utilised the most obvious idea in the world to their gain - designing shoes to cater to all shapes and sizes. Why don't most high street shoe stores catch on to this novel invention? Not that it matters, since Duo exists for people who need it.For boots, they sell some absolutely gorgeous styles, including knee highs with buttons up the sides. For shoes I would say they are a bit less sassy, with their plain, basic designs being a bit dull for my tastes. Nevertheless, I can see a market for them since they are built to last and a lot of their court shoes and flats look durable.Duo's prices aren't cheap, but neither is the quality. If you're looking for longer life out your boots with a bit more comfort, then it's worth having a look in here.
4	I agree with Emma that this store always seems empty, I think it's mainly because it's so big and they have huge padded benches that fill most of the space. The range of shoes, however, isn't very extensive and they would probably be better displayed in a smaller shop. Don't get me wrong, it's still a beautiful shop and it has gorgeous decor and is well laid out, it just definitely feels very empty.As the other reviewers have mentioned, Duo specialises in shoes that fit all sizes. Not everyone fits the basic shoe system and especially boots can cause a problem if you have larger or smaller calves. Duo is there if you have such problems and they provide fashionable, comfortable footwear at reasonable prices. I was surprised to see that they have sizes starting from size 2 and I've never seen that in any other shoe shop and with my dinky feet it's reassuring to know that there's at least somewhere that caters for my size. I'm usually a size 3 but often find that some shops size 3 can be too large and I honestly think that some place just make up their own shoe guides.The staff in Duo are very friendly and know their stock well, it's always worth popping in regularly to find out when sale time is on as you might pick up a bargain!
5	Three years ago, I bought boots here. . I've worn them practically every day (it's Scotland...) and they're just beginning to give up the ghost - so back I go. I honestly wouldn't go anywhere else now. Everywhere else sells boots in one calf size - so they're too baggy or too tight. Here, they measure your calf and find boots that just fit perfectly - it's amazing.I'm a bit alarmed by the 'relocation' sign above the shop though - where will I have to go in three years for my third pair?!
4	I've known of Duo for ages but this is the first time I've made a purchase. If you have supermodel legs and hate baggy boots flapping around your calves and need boots to fit, come to Duo. If you have larger calves and normally struggle with zipping up, then come here too. Over Christmas there were gorgeous jewel coloured shoes and boots in the window. They caught my eye and ever since, I diverted my shopping track to go via Castle Street.The sale is on at the moment and it was in search of the perfect flats that lured me in. Duo don't have a huge range and the shop seems huge for what stock there is. The plus point of this means lots of room to try stuff on. Shoes also come in non standard sizes - at least skinny, regular and wide fittings. I managed to get a pair of skinny flats in the sale - nothing fancy but smart enough to wear for hours at a time in work. I'm also hoping to avoid blisters due to the leather insides and smooth seems :-)Service was good with helpful sales assistants bringing out different sizes and fits. The shop will be relocating soon, but I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
