4	Good atmosphere and lots of tables so you can usually get a spot to rest.  Close to campus, so you'll find many students taking a break between classes, or studying any hour of the day or night.  They host live music at times.  They sell fair-trade coffee, rockin' hot chocolate, and other fruit drinks I can't remember the name of.  I don't drink coffee, so I can't vouch for the flavor but my smart friends enjoy it.  It opened my first year at the university, in 1987, and was too new and sterile - it's aged nicely.
4	I spent many days in between classes sipping on coffee and studying here! This is a great place to have some peace and quiet while reading or just relaxing. They also have a few lunch soups and sandwiches if your hungry!
4	To keep it short, they make consistently great coffee.I would recommended the Royale which is a double shot. I also bought a mocha for a friend who really enjoyed it as well.Only downside? For a college campus coffeeshop, the prices are high and the sizes are small.Great for a time to time treat :)
4	I go here nearly every day. There is often a line, but it generally moves pretty fast. I feel that the prices are pretty high for a college campus or even for a coffee shop in general. They have a nice variety of muffins, scones and sweet treats, but I'd like to see some that are a little less sweet and smaller in portion. The staff are all very friendly.
4	Nice and convenient stop located on the first floor of the building I work in.  A little nook located in the Courtyard Cafe, it has a surprising amount of menu selections for such a small space.  Not just coffee and tea, but some eats as well.  I usually stop by at least once a week, sometimes twice for a quick Chai Latte (you can get it with ginger during Christmas).  Staffed by college students who are very professional which I find impressive and always appreciate.  They are also very fast, which is another plus..  The only downside is that it can be a little overpriced.  I'd probably come here more often if they knocked down the price a bit.Mahalo, and enjoy.
1	The "latte" was drip coffee with warm milk added. Neither espresso nor foamed milk were involved. There's no mistake, it was called a latte when it was handed to me. Waste of three bucks.
1	Actually one of the worst lattes i have ever had. Just awful. They paid zero attention while making it, if you are going to charge 3.80 for a coffee, at least do it right.
2	Ordered a Spanish latte. Zero foam and not hot enough. Not very good for its price. They were definitely rushing it.The location is convenient though.
