3	I was looking forward to the RedBull Air Races for months. My dad and I have been watching them on TV for years. We decided to check it out this year since they came to Las Vegas for the first time. We left early and disappointed both days. Saturday, day one was just not that exciting. There was not a lot to see behind the grand stands. A couple of booths from RedBull and some local businesses but not much else. The action inside the gates was slow to happen. The Challenger Cup guys were flying but there were so few of them that the action did not last long. There was too much down time and the stunt motorcycle riders providing the entertainment in between simply weren't that entertaining. Lets head on home and try it tomorrow.Sunday rolled around and did not start much better. Still not much going on outside and its windy. So windy I am getting worried they may not be able to race. But in we go and begin to wait again for anything to happen. By a bit after 12 noon the planes took to the air.  A few hit the pylons causing some breif delays but it was exciting. These planes are so highly agile. These were the top 12 flying. Or top 11 more specifically since the final pilot never got to post a time. The wind by this point was blowing down the pylons. Begin a long holding pattern. By just after 2:00 the race director took to the PA system to announce that a committee was discussing how or even if to continue. I knew this was bad news so I left early yet again. I am glad I did as I just found out they cancelled the race and crowned a winner based on qualifying. What a let down.I am still interested in the RedBull Air Races. I will continue to watch on TV. As for attending, maybe if they go to San Diego or Long Beach I will check it out again. Some place close to home with better weather would be great. I don't think Vegas was a success and I don't believe they will be back. Too bad,
2	The Red Bull race, althought cancelled early due to windy weather would be worth a full 5 stars.  Unfortunately, the venue and Motor Speedway management of the event was subpar.Four of us purchased Club House seats to the Vegas Red Bull Air Races.  We were all excited that our $350 tickets would provide a pleasant, upscale viewing experience. Not so.  First of all, communication about the tickets was poor.  After several emails back and forth, my husband was told he could pick the tickets up at "Will Call" if he was worried about getting them on time.  Really?  Can you just mail them on time?  The website gave very little information about the race schedule, side acts, map of the venue, etc.  The signage at the track was poor.  When we asked for directions, one attendant asked us to see our map and then complained that he could "hardly read it."  He then pointed us in the general direction.  Another attendant said he "had no idea where Lot 4" was located, but then remembered "Hey, I"M LOT 4.  ITS RIGHT OVER THERE!!"  We had to pass through security on our way in.  I had an umbrella to use for my walk from the parking lot and was told I had to put it away.  I put it in my purse.  My purse was checked at the next point, and the guard there told me he would have to "confiscate" my umbrella.  I asked him if I could claim it on my way out and he said (flatly), "Nope, I'll be gone by then." He then pushed it rudely towards my husband and said "you can can take it to the car or I can confiscate it now."  My husband waliked it to the car and had to make his way through the line again.Once parked, we made our way to the Club House seats, looking forward to the comfortable, air conditioned view.  Upon entering, we were told our seats were outside in full sun on the 90+ degree day!  We were told we could sit inside the Club House Hospitality Room, which was crowded, standing room only.  In fact, 90% of the race attendees of all ticket types were huddled under the overhang in the only shade to be found.  We were quick enough to nab a table as another group got up to walk around.  The view from the table was obstructed, but better than sitting in full sun.  The attendants in the hospitality room were useless.  We were given only two programs when we entered, so I returned to the desk to ask for another only to find out they had run out of copies.  This was at 11:00 a.m. on the first day!  The wifi was not working for anyone in the room.  When I told this to the hospitality desk, the young lady responded, "Oh, really.  I don't have anything to do about that."  I have no complaints about the food served in the Hospitality Room. Very little for me as a vegetarian, but I expected that at this venue and was ready to purchase food. Unfortunately, there were very few choices available.  The food trucks there were "carnival" type funnel cakes, etc.  I didn't have any wine, but the member of my party who did said the white wine was pretty bad.  My husband was hoping for some jet flyby's or other exciting side acts.  The acrobatic air show (helicopter and plane) were great.  The numerous motorcyle acts were not very interesting and very hard to see.  By the second day, we had a strategy to get there super early and find better seats by the window.  We were there 20 minutes before opening and were met with a long line of folks waiting.  The lined moved quickly at the time for opening and the two guys in our group hustled to get good seats.  We were lucky enough to get the last four spaces available by the window.  I'm not sure how so many others got in so quickly. The race itself was thrilling, but unfortunately was cancelled early due to windy weather on Day 2.
1	Very poor experience.  I attended the Air Races in San Diego a few years ago and since the break in seasons and new regulations, they have become boring.  The planes are too far away and the track has poor orientation.  The orientation does not allow the spectator to fully grasp the maneuverability of the aircraft as they travel through the course; a full one half of the course is very far away and the gates are angled in a way that makes the turns nearly imperceptible.  The stands were nearly empty, the announcer was hard to hear even without the wind, the TV monitors were too small, and there were several long delays between runs.  One positive is that the people in the stands were friendly.
