4	I like to tour art museums and galleries around the world,  however I have noticed the price of the art is some what steeper than what I pay here.I have found numerous abstract pieces in nice fames and matting that work well in my house and office. It is all about luck as the selection changes day to day. I also come here for belts, ties and occasionally dress shirts if I am lucky.As stores go I like Ross, this location is middle of the road in terms of selection.If you are old or know some one who is, take them on Tuesday and save %10 for senior citizens.
4	I am a thrift shopper always looking for the best deals... I have found the best deals on the clearance racks at this location. I stop by once a month or so and I am able to buy a week's worth of great clothes for a great price in the down troubled times it's nice to know I can still look good on a budget.
2	I stopped by quickly on my way to meet Sarah M. for lunch at Ra.  I came to a good stopping point working and  thought I might be able to pick out some workout clothes (I will soon be voted out of Pilates, if possible, for wearing the same stinky clothes day after day).  What can I say.  I scored a pair of leggings and a jacket but a security guard is permanently posted by the door and the floor of the dressing room floor is adorned with dirty bandages.  I waited in line my requisite ten minutes and bately made it to lunch on time.  I'll be here again for my annual requisite visit.  What choice do I have.  I need something to completely skeeve me out now and then.
5	It's very difficult to find Victorian furniture on a budget. Ross in Ahwatukee makes that possible. I bought a bedside wicker tower for $20. HELLO? You can buy the same thing at Moore Furniture "for Less" for about $100. Even Target wouldn't sell something that nice for that cheap. One day, I saw a big inventory of Victorian tapestry chairs. They were $100. I found one that was being sold as "slightly scuffed", which meant some scratches on the leg. No big deal, but they discounted it to $50 because of that. Of course I took it. ~SCORE~
1	Purses. JunkJewelry. JunkShoes. JunkI came here specifically looking for purses and what they had were either soccer mom or old granny purses. I saw some purses that were a little better but they were over-priced. I think even Walmart has a better and nicer selection of jewelry and that is not saying very much. Shoe selection was shabby, not a looker in sight.
4	This is my favorite Ross store.If you can't find a good deal here, you've got to get yourself checked.This seems to be the Ross store with the best deals.  It gets dangerous for me here, since there are always great deals.  Haha..  You can shop for yourself, your wife, your kids, your pets..  They just sell so many great items here.
4	Don't let the others fool you.  They have quality at great prices here. You just have to look.  I found Stuart Weitzman and Borne sandals here for a fraction of the price you would pay elsewhere.  Also, a door mat will only cost $4 to $5.  Not $14 or $15 which other stores charge. Who wants to pay more for something only to wipe your feet on?  Anyway, give it a shot.  No, it's not Nordstrom's or Saks, but hey, who cares?  There is quality here too.
5	you get the cheapest branded stuff!
4	I often find good deals here
1	If I could give this a zero rating I would right now.  Just walked into this store where I had 2 items to return there were 2 different lines. One for purchases and one for returns and exchanges.  I get in line for returns and the cashier tells me to go wait on line behind 10 other people who are making purchases.  I state but there are two separate lines and he tells me "ya well that's the way it works" Why are there two separate lines if that is the way it works?I took my items and left...my business will be held at the other locations this point forward.
