3	Mr. K has covered most of the bases in his FTR, but there were a couple of things I thought I would add... The green chile beef is every bit as good as the red. We sampled both, as well as the beans (we choose Pima style which is the smashed version of beans rather than whole). All were very ample portions and exhibited crisp flavors. We all agreed that each could use a little salt, but after some discussion and a few sprinkles we came to the conclusion that actually it was preferable to season your own to your liking. Too often, we had all been served items which were over seasoned and quite frankly, there isn't much you can do once that has happened. This way, we each were able to make adjustments as desired. The bread itself seems a little more tender than TFBH. It also seemed a bit larger. That being said, we did each have the "full" version of the tacos, so the "half" may be more along the lines of what you might get elsewhere. Prices also seemed to be approximately $1.00 - 1.50 higher than TFBH, for the full portion. Some other items on the menu were both surprising and intriguing. I'm definitely going back for the Blue Corn Mush (I would have ordered it today, but I had already ordered my taco and was sure I couldn't handle both). I've never actually seen this on a menu off the reservation, so that in itself is enough to make me a repeat visitor. They have a few mutton and lamb selections that are obviously more on the authentic side. The mutton rib plate is served with sauteed squash and diced green chiles along with a navajo fry bread and drink ($11.99). The people at the next table had one of these and it was a large plate of food which they clearly enjoyed. There is a grilled lamb stir fry and also a lamb sandwich to round out the native selections. The sandwiches and burgers are a definite twist on the common offering. Sandwiches are served either a tortilla or fry bread and come with such toppings as eggs/bacon/onions/fire roasted green chiles, eggs/grilled spam, or two burger choices. Lastly there are the stews... yummo! They have the standard red and green, but also offer up a monthly special (this month was a very tasty vegetable style). Stews are served in two sizes, which is particularly nice if you are sharing items. The decor is certainly nothing that stands out; the chairs and tables are a mosh of options, but it is clean, and the staff is very friendly and patiently answered questions. They have one high chair for those of you with little ones. It is a small place, so if you go during peak hours expect to wait for a seat or take your food elsewhere to eat it, as it fills up quickly. The final distinction is that the SH is open on Sundays from 11:00 to 5:00. So if you are dying for some of that unbelievable fried dough on the morning after a long night out and had to previously wait until Monday, this could definitely be a saving grace. It's great to have another option and I truly hope that they will build a following in the Central Phoenix area.
5	Having driven by this area weekly, I only noticed Damelos Bakery & Pizzeria; maybe it's their bright signage? On my way home I saw the sign, Sacred Hogan, and immediately flipped a bitch. Frybread and I have a deep connection, it used to be the only reason why I would even go to the State Fair, well that and a foot long corn dog, but that's another story.I was greeted by a very woofy guy, thick goatee, nice calves and belly... Ah yes, frybread. After looking over the menu I ordered the B.R.G., which is a bean, red chile and green chile Navajo taco ($8.79).Now I didn't see my taco until I got it home since I got it to go... When I opened the box I swear there was a white light emanating from its center, their tacos are HUGE, ENORMOUS, PORTLY, and well, LARGE! I could sense its mightiness when I was handed the box, but I had no idea until I had it fully exposed. My mouth began to water as I opened to take in the hot and thick goodness, my saliva acting as a lubricant to get the whole thing in. Its girth was only trumped by its heft; it took 2 hands just too barely manage it to my face. At the last second I chickened out, what was I doing? What would the Mr. think of me if he saw me like this, face to face with a potential love affair? Cutting it into more manageable pieces was the right thing to do. The meat in the red and green chile was so tender and well seasoned it just melted with each bite.At the halfway point I figured I would save half for later since it was so large but I couldn't resist its chewy texture and savory allure. Yes *sniff* *sniff*, I ate the whole thing, every last bite including the tender beans that fell out of the sides!!! With no shame and no guilt, I waddled into the bedroom fell onto the bed and took a 2 hour nap. Sometimes life just doesn't get much better than this. I feel like I need a cigarette.
4	Limited menu, but delicious!
5	Amazing! As a tourist in these parts--I encourage fellow tourists to make this place an eating priority when visiting Phoenix. When looking for a food gem out of town, Sacred Hogan rates off the charts. The place isn't much to look at. It's a tired looking spot in a rugged srip-center, but what it dishes out as far as food is spectacular. I was lured here by Alexander C's description of the frybread taco. The description seemed unreal, fictional--beyond the scope of human comprehension. I was floored to actually see it on the menu. I went with the red chile taco and a frybread all on its lonesome with honey as desert. The taco is just as luminous as Alexander C. describes it. Furthermore, the Navajo Taco tastes just as amazing as it looks. I'm going to have to make this place a personal pilgrimage. The frybread on it's own is an equal delight. What was the icing on the cake? Shasta soda in the cooler. Nostalgia and deliciousness--it doesn't get any better than this!
2	After spending the morning at the Phoenix Indian Medical Center, I typed into my cell phone "Where is a unique place to have lunch near the Phoenix Indian Medical Center?" and sent the text to KGB (542542). As we ventured into the hot sun, I recieved my answer...Sacred Hogan Navajo Frybread*ding!* one of the few Native American resturants in the city that I HAVEN'T reviewed yet!! Let's go!! After lunch plans with one of my favorite Navajos fell through - I guess a Navajo Taco would suffice! :P We entered the blue and white tiled room and were met by a very tired Navajo girl who spoke of problems with the DMV throughout our meal. We sat down and took it all in, the small glass case with bottles of hot sauce, pottery and earrings for sale; the pepsi frige that held nothing but Shasta soda. Uber rez! lol and the lack of a public restroom (BOO!!)I ordered a double Navajo burger and my mom got the Pima Taco (beans are crushed  as opposed to the Navajo tacos where the beans are whole) and two teas. We sat down and waited for our tea, which, to our annoyance, didn't come until our food did. We asked for ketchup and salsa and the hot sauce was NOT good. I have no idea what the heck that stuff was... but it wasn't cute. They would've been better off opening up a can of El Pato or Tapitio than dispensing that stuff. I think it was bad. The ketchup was good though! :P The food itself... was meh. Nothing great. I didn't really read the menu, or I would have noticed that the burgers come with roasted green chilis... something I'm not a fan of... but I chose to just go with it and eat it anyway. The chili brought a nice kick to things. The burger itself was just a burger, it needed something... like CHEESE! I love cheese! :P The bread was kind of tough... and obviously Navajo... made with the superfind Blue Bird Flour which is like GOLD in the Navajo Rez... women LITTERALLY make dresses out of their cloth Blue Bird Flour sacks! And I could tell they used powdered milk in their recipe, when the edges are significatly thick it's the milk reacting to the hot oil. When the dough is fried when fresh... it creates an awesome fluffy affect... but at Sacred Hogan, there were cracks and flakes on one side of the bread which means that the dough was left out in the elements and not kept covered and moist... which is kind of gross... the dough gets hard and when fried creates these little tiles that are hard and the rest of the dough loses moisture which makes the bread lose its flaky goodness. My mom wasn't thrilled with her Pima Taco... as a Pima, I guess she oughta know what its supposed to be like! She said it was okay, but the salsa made it not so good. She prefers the light crispiness of FBH, so do I. the ONE thing I like about this place is their lunch special... they will make half a taco, of your choice... for $5!! That's pretty rad! To my yelpers, I say skip this place. The tables were dirty and grimey and not in a good way... where its part of the ambiance, like Carolina's. The staff stared at us the entire time we ate and complained about their personal problems. The food took over 20 minutes to make and the worst food crime... they brought back the MONSTROSITY that is the Indian Dessert!!WTF?! No one eats like this on the rez!! NO ONE!! If you want to loose some toes, eat this fucking thig! A whole frybread, topped with a scoop of ice cream, chocolate syrup and cinna-sugar! That is disgusting... i'm sorry. it's gross! These flavors cannot possible be good!! If you want a nice dessert, JUST get a plain bread with EAITHER honey OR powdered sugar!! GEEZ!To answer Mr. K's question... The FBH uses a simpler recipe of flour, salt, baking powder & very hot water. It's hyper use of baking powder creates it crispiness... and Navajos are not as liberal with their baking powder and some use powdered milk which creates a thicker more rich frybread. Both tribes typically use crisco veggie oil or shortening to fry their bread in, but some of the old timers still prefer good ol' fashioned lard! Navajo frybread is usually smaller in diameter, where as O'odham bread is usually larger, but thinner... ummm... think of Navajos as the chicago deep dish of Frybread... and O'odham as the New York thin crust of frybread!
5	Since I am Navajo and born and raised on the Navajo Reservation I miss home at times, and this place provides the comfort of Rez Life. I"ve been a fan and an admirer of this business ever   since I first found them at First Fridays.  They used to be in Mesa but now located  in Central Phoenix.  Their food of course is what keeps me coming back!  I miss home sometimes and whenever I experience this resturaunt it Always provides me the comfort food and hospitality of home on the Rez!!  I definitely  recommend this place for everyone.  Not only does it provide authentic Native American food but also the ambience of the Reservation at its purest, .even down to the shasta soda in the side fridge....I LOVE IT! its great!!
3	I can't vouch for the sacredness of anything here but the frybread was very good.  My daughter got one with powdered sugar.  It had a lighter and more airy quality than other frybread I have tried thus far. Given, I've only had frybread 3-4 times in my life, but compared to the other ones Sacred Hogan's was lighter.  For frybread.  Is that sort of a foodie oxymoron?  Light frybread?  Hmm.The atmosphere is pretty basic.  I will give them another try for a meal sometime.  I'm sure even though their frybread is lighter a meal on frybread is not something to toy with.  Seriously.  I've had a meal on frybread before it has been large enough to share or hold you through several meals.
4	This place caught my eye for some reason the other night as I was stopped in rush hour traffic in front of the strip of shops it is located in. When I read one of the reviews here it mentioned lamb and more specifically lamb ribs. So I knew it was a place I needed to try. Now growing up in Northern NM (near Santa Fe) I find the cuisine is very intermingled with Native American influence. The early Spanish raised a lot of lamb even before cattle, so I grew up with some lamb and a few restaurants carry it on the menu (my favorite being Angelina's in Espanola, NM). Now my mom and Angelina's roast their lamb ribs till they are caramelized brown and crispy and this is the standard I have set for the Sacred Hogan. High, I know.... So I go in, considering the location I am not expecting much ambiance, it is pretty basic diner style and relatively clean. I ordered the Lamb Rib meal ($13) and a child's Navajo taco ($6ish), to-go. The order took a while to prepare but I wasn't in much of a hurry. With lamb ribs you have to remember this is far from the best most tender cuts of meat, but it is tasty. The order had about 6-8 rib pieces roasted (not like mom's but good) and served over a very generous serving of calabacitas (sliced zucchini sauteed with green chile and caramelized onions) and a piece of fry bread. I was impressed and it made me feel at home. Too much for one sitting (and I still wanted to try the Navajo Taco ), I put it to the side for leftovers. I opened the Navajo taco that I ordered from the kids menu, thinking it was going to be the size of a desert plate. It filled the whole container and came with a cup of applesauce and a drink! (Value there!) The kids order! I ate about a third of it and was feeling so loved and stuffed!!! And yet again my dining adventures provided not just one but 3 meals all for around $20.
3	its OK but grandma made it better.  they have the standard sweet and savory types of frybread here for the price you would expect to pay. its nice that there is a restaurant to get this tasty stuff at all the time and not have to wait for a fair but i think the stuff they use could be of better quality.  my tummy hurt some after the supreme taco and i think it was because it was pretty greasy.  the stew smelled good so i might go back and try that.
4	Stopped in over the weekend. While I wanted to try one of the mutton soups...it was just too darn hot out to think of it seriously. The man taking my order asked if I had tried the lamb sandwich. I hadn't but I remember a friend telling me that this is her hubby's favorite when they come here. Ordering the lamb sandwich, to go, with everything (chopped roasted green chile, lettuce, tomato, and onion) and was given the choice between fry bread and tortilla....Fry bread of course! Wondering if they were just going to reheat everything, I looked back into the kitchen to see that it was going to take a while because they were making the fry bread fresh. The wait is never an issue when you see your getting hot fresh food. To be honest the wait was not that long. [All I am saying is if you go here don't expect a "fast food" experience.] Most of the food I have had here can seem a little bland. But all it usually takes is a little salt. And when taking it to go I find myself addin' a little of my favorite salsa or extra roasted chopped green (but I season my chopped green chile with a little salt and fresh garlic) at home. The fry bread was done well and the lamb was tender and flavorful. The simplicity is what really makes anything I get from the Sacred Hogan great.
3	This place is run by Navajos and has authentic fry bread and mutton stew, a Navajo staple.  I went to another fry bread place in town and it didn't have mutton, and was not authentic fry bread.  The business is in a store front small shopping plaza.
5	OMG!! There was no want... left stuffed and happy happy!!
4	Great Food!If you love great native american food. This is your type of joint. Try the three meat taco or the navajo double burger. The green chiles make the meal so delicious!Eat up,-will
5	Excellent Navajo food!
4	I had passed this place a million times and had been meaning to try it.  When there was a Groupon deal, of course I had to get it and try this place out. :)  The owner was polite, quiet, and friendly and the food was good.  I ordered 2 Pima Tacos (fry bread with beans, lettuce, tomato, onions) a Navajo Taco(fry bread with whole beans, lots of cheese, red chili [but you can order green if you prefer]), lettuce, tomato, onion) and Vegetable Mutton soup.  I grew up eating fry bread once a week at school and on holidays at my friends house, and must say, I loved it.  It was thick, doughy, fresh and delicious.  It made me want to come back and order something more simple next time or an extra side of fry bread.My mom and brother liked their Pima tacos and even made an "OMG" type of comment about how yummy the fry bread is.  My mom tried the vegetable mutton (vegetable stew) and said she could tell is was fresh, homemade and good.So I'd say it's worth trying out.  The place isn't fancy, but the people were genuine and really meant it when they thanked me for coming in....and of course, they have amazing fry bread.  I'll definitely be going back!
2	So maybe I'm not a big fan of the Navajo or Native American foods that I've tried since moving to AZ. I haven't been tempted to return to any of the 3 restaurants I've tried of it so far.  I bet Native home-cooking would be better... any volunteers?! :)The only thing I like is the frybread dessert and... who wouldn't like that?!  The other foods I've tried seem to be either very bland or tooooo spicy.  The hominy soup I tried here was pretty bland.Won't see you there.
2	I wanted to try something different. But found the food to be bland and tasteless.
1	No thank you. I ordered the red stew to go which comes with fried bread. Took 10 minutes to deliver a pint of what can only be described as awful beef/veg soup. Similar to Cambell's but had obviously been sitting over heat for the day as all the veggies were gooey soft and the meat dry. ICK. The fried bread was equally disappointing - flat (not fluffy) and had a horrible bitter taste which could only have come from old oil.  Dirty, no working AC.
1	I used my Groupon with Sacred Hogan Navajo Frybread. I did not have a very good experience.  Both my friend and I got chicken frybread sandwich, and the chicken was very dry and tasteless.  They ran out of picante salsa, and we had to beg our neighbors to give a little to give some taste.  Even with that, the taste did not improve that much.  We asked our server for some side beans to hopefully give some flavor, and he returned about 15 minutes later when we almost finished telling us that they ran out.I was taking my buddy out for his b-day, and this was the not the b-day experience I was hoping to give.
2	I stopped here after work on Friday with a Groupon that expired the same day.  Big mistake.  I entered the restaurant at about 5:15 pm and placed my order.  Nothing said or done for another hour.  I ordered the mutton stew which was bland.  It was more like a soup with mutton (lamb) and potatos - nothing more!When I placed my order the restaurant was half full.  Within the next 15 minutes it was packed with patrons and their expiring Groupons.  I had an exhausting week at work so I honestly did not mind waiting for my food.  However, I had noticed that my order was misplaced.  After 45 minutes I had to ask if they had my order (everyone else got their food).  Within 5 minutes I had my food and was ready to go.I felt bad for the person taking orders.  He was clearly overwhelmed.  The fry bread was delicious and the prices are reasonable.  I will likely give it another try in the future.  Good food is worth the wait; the mutton stew is not!
2	Like many of the recent post-ers, I visited recently to take advantage of an expiring Groupon. While only one couple was in the restaurant when I arrived, the wait for my takeout order was nearly 30 minutes. My order was for the (1/2) Ground Beef Taco and the Lamb and Potatoes. While I announced, then clarified my order ... THEN watched the order taker clarify it for the cook, my order was still wrong. I didn't want to wait any longer, so I never said a word about it because I needed to leave. What I actually received was the Navajo Taco which includes whole pinto beans instead of ground beef. The shell tasted fine, but fell apart the moment I picked it up from the carryout container. The filling/topping ingredients were fine ... after I picked off the pinto beans which were about half the volume of the toppings. My friend tells me the Lamb and Potatoes was a bit bland and could have used flavor from hot sauce or, at least, salt and pepper. An odd occurrence while I waited for the food to be prepared was the order taker offered to put lemonade in a restaurant-use-only glass, instead of a carry out cup. Basically, he wanted me to drink all the lemonade while I waited, instead of carry it out. Of course, I firmly, but politely, declined. He then went to the stock area to find the carryout cups. Was this all about avoiding the walk over to the stock area?!?! Why would I consume any beverages there only to carry the food away? Let's just say Sacred Hogan has plenty of room for improvement. They MUST concentrate on correct order placement, speed of service, cleanliness (I never saw so much as a plastic glove), decor (only 3 wood Navajo carvings being blocked by other stuff exist) and ... oh, how about flavor?!?! I like seeing small mom-n-pop places thrive for many reasons. If SHNF doesn't step it up, (especially when some dishes run $20-$25) I think they'll have difficult times ahead.
5	Best frybread in the valley
2	Big portions, but expensive for what you're getting.  I was using a groupon so I didn't feel so bad.There was no line and they were working on just one other order, but it did take longer than I expected.  Not a horrible wait, but I'm not sure how they'd manage if it were crowded.Ordered the Navajo taco with Green Chili and a Frybread with powdered sugar, to go.  I opened up my taco to discover lots of fresh shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, but no green chili.  Needless to say I was disappointed.  The flavor of the taco with just the pinto beans and veggies was pretty good, but I was really looking for some meat.The "dessert" frybread was good, but after a couple of bites it seems like a bit much.  I wish they made their desserts in smaller portions for a cheaper price.I'll probably be back to see if the mistaken order was a one-time issue, but I won't be rushing back.  Maybe if I get another Groupon I'll be back.
4	As a child of the 80s, I see the word "Hogan," I immediately think of none other than Hulk Hogan.  As far as I was concerned, Hulk Hogan was truly sacred in the REAL SPORT of professional wrestling.  So to drive past a place called Sacred Hogan, resulted in a U-turn to go take a look at what was evidently a shrine to the greatest wrestler in the entire world.Okay, now that my attempt to garner your funny votes is done, truth is, I've never had Native American food in my life before.  I know what an actual hogan is too, because I once inadvertently stumbled upon the real definition of a hogan when googling "hogan," thinking I'd get some cool results about Hulk Hogan.The location is right off of Indian School Rd, near the intersection of 7th Street, and it's kind of tucked into a nondescript gray strip of stores.  Parking is free.  Their website said they opened at 9 am, but much to my inconvenience it was actually 10 am.  No matter, I was like the second customer of the day of my visit, because I really wanted to eat at a place called Sacred Hogan.I ordered the Navajo Taco with red chili.  The frybread is so soft and naturally good.  They were a little heavy on the red onions, but that's just my preference.  But as a whole, everything tasted very fresh and well, natural.  Nothing too salty, maybe a little on the bland side of things, but I guess that's kind of what I was expecting out of Native American food, sorry if that sounds naive.  But the salsa they also provided helped.  Regardless, no complaints.  I cleaned my plate, and was satisfied in the process.  It was good food.It was also inexpensive.  For the monstrosity of a taco, it only ran me like eight bucks.  The full size of that thing could have easily sated two diners with modest appetites fairly easily.As far as this Hulkamaniac is concerned, Sacred Hogan was a good experience.  Brother.
1	Another Groupon victim here people.  What a disappointment. Didn't even claim our second Groupon and just declared it a loss ! The Navajo taco is a brilliant concoction in which they fail miserably. I think they shut their fryer down at noon !  I was so excited about a new Fry Bread location but their was one server ( the owner ) and it took forever to get our meals- and the place was empty.  I was so disappointment - the fry bread was cold, very little meat and cheese- it was bland, boring and sad. I ordered a Navajo iced tea and I was barley able to drink it. Even the dessert fry bread was mediocre - how can you screw up honey ?It takes a lot for me to give a place one star, and this is my first. And I feel terrible. But as I recall, as I left I was disappointment and angry. What planet are the owners on ? They need to come visit earth and realize their food sucks.. Even with the Groupon I felt their was no value here - or taste.
3	Good, and unique. Definitely worth a try but I wouldn't drive across town. We got lamb, which was good but was in strips, and a bit overdone. Still worth the trip. Next time I will try the cedar ash seasoned dishes.
5	my 5 stars has more to do with the existence of this place than the food per se.  this is one of the few (the only?) restaurants that serves Navajo food that  isn't frybread.  i feel like if youre going to live in arizona, you've got to have had some navajo food.  this is the food that this land produced.  (well, that may not be strictly true, since the Navajo are from NE Arizona, not Phx.)  something about the food speaks to me about the southwest.  the stews are really simple and very sparingly seasoned, very little salt.  meat, hominy, peppers, onions.  i think the minimal seasoning is a characteristic of Indian foods of the southwest, judging by previous experiences with Hopi food.  you can taste the individual ingredients. the Navajo iced tea also has a pretty subtle flavor, made me think of the dry scrub of the plateaus of northeast Arizona.  in my mind, this is one of the true must-visit restaurants in Phoenix.
4	Enough with the Frybread!!!At least for me. The appeal that draws me to this place...they serve tortillas. As an health conscious, recent nutrition grad, I can do without Frybread for the most part. Of course I will have it occasionally, but tortillas won my heart over. That day however, I did both.I once looked for this place and couldn't find it, thinking it was shut down after many u-turns I scurried off somewhere else for lunch. Luckily friend showed me the right way.I was having a bad day, and friend mentioned Sacred Hogan...instant happiness. Jump into the car and we're racing to feed our appetites. "Hmmm what to order, what to order?!"Their menu is pretty sizable and varied, yes! Tacos...eh. Mutton stew...yes! Blue corn mush...OMG. Spam and egg ... I have found heaven.  I was surprised how many things from home were found here and not so Americanized. We ordered and knew it was gnna be sometime to get our food, so grabbed a Navajo Times to read. I don't know why people complain about the wait time, it was at least 10 mins but this isn't a fast food joint nor the fairgrounds. The one meal I was so happy to get was the roast mutton with frybread. Onions, lettuce, tomato, GREEN CHILE, and doubled my tender mutton...bingo! Every bite was divine and not so gluttonous. It was pretty good I wanted more mutton. Friend and I shared one with Tortilla....even better. Washing it down with some iced Navajo tea was great, just needed more ice though. For dessert I opted for the blue corn mush.  Big bowl I might say, had to share it. With a hint of sugar, I was set. Belly full and ready for the check....wait!! Wow! This place is quite pricey, but I understand...they are using mutton, not beef. 3 mutton sandwiches, 1 Navajo burger, blue corn mush, 3 drinks later, our bill was approx $50. Mind you that we also doubled our mutton too.Luckily my friend pays when we eat out, lucked out that time. Overall I love this place. More so than Fry Bread House, mostly likely because I'm biased as I am Navajo.
5	This place is bomb!! All the food is really good!!!:D
3	I have been on a mission of sorts to find the best fry bread in the city. This wasn't it, unfortunately. The owners were nice but not too upbeat. The restaurant itself is in a small plaza that is easy to miss when driving by (I know because I've driven by it about 100 times and never noticed it). The interior of Sacred Hogan is a bit run down but appears to be pretty clean. I ordered red chili beef stew with plain fry bread. The serving size was fine, but a bit expensive for what it was. I felt like the stew was something I could make at home and probably with more flavor. The fry bread was ok but greasier and chewier than I like.I might go back to try the tacos or burgers, but I won't be in a hurry to do so.
2	preface: i was hungry on memorial day, and i didn't have any food at home, and i had no intention of going food shopping or any intention of leaving the house in general.so, grubhub it was to see who was going to be the lucky winner to deliver food to me -- and to my surprise, it was either this place or pizza, and i don't do pizza.  everything else was closed.shockingly, the minimum via grubhub was $25, which with tip, tax, etc, really came out to $35 -- but whatever -- it's the cost of being lazy.so, obviously, i over-ordered, which i guess was a good thing because i got a solid sampling of food.  here's what i got:mutton hominy stew:  on first attempt, this was one extremely boring meal.  i'm not one for salty or over-spiced foods, but i had to dose this puppy with salt *and* butter to get it to taste like something other than wet meat and corn.  once the salt and butter were supplemented, it was rather good.navajo lamb sandwich:  again, a little on the plain side.  no sauce, no mayo, no juice -- chopped vegetables, unseasoned grilled lamb and unseasoned grilled peppers.  i liked the flavor of the grilled peppers, and the lamb was just ok.  the whole thing was "meh" -- needed some pizazz, but certainly large and in charge.fry bread with honey:  obviously, very good.  when your restaurant is named "sacred hogan navajo frybread" it had better be.overall:  come for the frybread if that's what you got a hankering for.  otherwise unless you like food that tastes like the raw ingredients food is cooked with, simply combined, pass on actually using this establishment as a "restaurant".
5	2 following Meals TO GO were made perfect.  The  Triple Beef Taco is so good that I just told a Visiting Co-Worker that they had to get one before he returned to Michigan.
5	Navajo Food at it's best !!!!!! I loved everything there ! I guess I love "BLAND" food . :-) everything was terrific ... I ordered the bowl (12 oz) of Mutton Hominy Stew I got it with the Tortilla bread which was AMAZING ! I also ordered a side of Blue Corn Mush to dip into my stew ( which is an awesome combination) ... And I also ordered a Grape Shasta Soda :-D ... My Husband ordered the Vegetable Mutton Stew with fry bread and ordered Strawberry Shasta Soda. He loved everything !Everything was well worth the wait and the food was extra hot and tasted very FRESH !!! I LOVED IT !
5	First and foremost, this is pretty much TRADITIONAL Navajo food. Not any other native american or american indian type of food. It is the basics, because in the real Navajo world, not the material world of Phoenix and urban areas, there is no electricity and such. Its not food all jazzed up with spices and thick sauces, etc, like americans like and desire. Certainly not the salty taste that is american food, or passes for taste. So, in the area of actual Navajo food, the Scared Hogan does it well. As for the expense, its organic as you can get, but thats the Navajo food way, and not advertised and used as a gimmick, like the american food way, hence, its a bit more in cost. An example is, the mutton (sheep) is bought on the Navajo Nation. Navajo's know tis because we cantaste the difference, between a sheep raised on Navajo land vegetation and sheep not raised on it. All in all, the Sacred Hogan, is the best traditional style Navajo food served in the greater Phoenix area, except at my house, haha.
4	I ate the mutten frybread which my friend who is part of the Navajo tribe recommended. Cant complain. This was my first experience of fry bread, which is really good! I drove there on the weekend and it was pretty crowded. However once i was seated I saw the menu but I listen to the true Navajo, my friend Derrick and he said to get the mutten. They brought out my frybread plate and it was HUGE! I folded it like a big taco and the fry bread was SUPER good! The mutten which was lamb tasted really flavorful. The beans and lettuce, tomatos, and salsa was really good on top of all of it. So I am hooked on this fry bread now and I'm interested in how they make this. But overall if your in the area, do stop by and try the mutten fry bread!
4	Went to Sacred Hogan with a girlfriend for lunch, since we were craving traditional home food and I had been here once before so I thought I'd try it out again :) It was pretty busy as we went on a Friday afternoon so the small place was pretty full but that didn't bug us at all, after all it is a small business. When we walked in we didn't know whether to sit down or order and then sit down so we asked. Right away the nice Navajo lady told us that we sit down and she would take our order. I and my friend are very patient people as we know that patience is a virtue and there are so many people who truly know customer service. Right away we were served drinks, Shasta sodas, and the woman took our orderI chose to get the vegetable stew with frybread because I was wanting a good stewMy gf chose the Navajo burger We put our orders in and we knew it would be a while because most Navajo food stands/restaurants take a while preparing the food and we were in no rush :) we did wait a good 30 mins for both of our meals to come out but since we were craving it we really didn't mind. I was surprised at the large portions. My friends Navajo burger was HUGE, and she ate the entire thing which was a big shock to me. My stew was perfect; the meat was tender, the vegetables were soft, and it was hot! My friend and I thought we were at a food stand somewhere on the rez lol we kept giggling. I felt a little bad when all the ladies tried talking to me in Navajo, my native tongue. I could understand but not really put my words together to respond. But it was just a great feeling to be in the atmosphere and hear all of the ladies cooking and joking around in the back. I'm Navajo and so I really did enjoy Sacred Hogan. I have heard about Fry Bread House and I would like to give it a try, I know tribes tend to do things differently so stay tuned for my opinion on that :)All in all the Sacred Hogan was a really great place. A bit pricey but it was worth it; the food, the atmosphere, and the wonderful staff :)It was great to see that there were non native people eating there as well, I know everyone enjoys frybread and Navajo tacos from time to time, the Navajo staff is very welcoming, I thought that was great. I will return to SH periodically
5	I recommend eating here the best Navajo food in the Valley.
5	This is a great place to eat. I usually get the BRG which has it all. I love the spam and eggs too!
5	My grandson insisted we eat lunch here today. Oh yum! I want to go back soon and try more menu items. I had lamb and vegetables with fry bread! Can't complain. Portions are huge and the lady who waited on us was very nice and helpful!
5	Moving to the city from a reservation, one becomes homesick when Native food are limited to nearby reservations food stands. Myself, I am a full-blooded Navajo who misses "Navajo" food on a occasional basis. Sometimes I have no time to whip up a dish due to my busy schedule. This was my first time visiting Sacred Hogan, and I'll admit it had a great variety and the food was awesome! Sacred Hogan (along with The Frybread House) is my go to place to get authentic Native American food. Great friendly and fast service, our food was ready in about 10minutes! I had the Navajo Taco made with pinto beans and the works consisting of lettuce, onions, tomatoes and shredded cheese. You will find the same topping on almost every food vendor stands on a tribal reservation. Quality was great as well as the proportions. Definitely will return when I am back in the Phoenix area. You want authentic? This beats any Replicated State Fair "Native Frybread" shacks any day. I would definitely recommend!!
5	I am Navajo and have been to visit Sacred Hogan numerous times (10+). Overall, they are very friendly and work hard to get my food to me in a timely manner. It's alway fresh, hot and delicious! I will continue to visit and recommend others to as well.
5	I was here with my sister craving amazing Native American food! Service was great and the food was Delicious! I will be bring friends to experience it.
1	Food was good till you go in the restroom. Terrible sewer smell and the next day stomach was not very happy!
4	Visiting from out of state, was told about this place by locals when asking about frybread. First off, frybread is amazing!  Had 3 meat Navajo tacos and frybread ice cream dessert. Both were great, very authentic dishes. Downsides would be cleanliness and pricing. There right at opening and floors hadn't been swept and restaurant over all looked dingy. Located in a strip mall. Dishes range from $10-$26 and all though tasty, very over priced. Shasta soda products $2.35!!  Little high there. Still, if you're in the market for authentic frybread, this is a great choice!!
4	The service was great and super friendly.I ordered the Hominy Stew and I was not amazed but then again, it was something different and new. I am East Indian and being that I am used to having dishes that are full of spices.So I ordered there tacos as my second order to my meal. Over all I would go back. The food was really good. And it was nice to try something new and different and from another culture.The ingredients were earthy and the frybread was yum!I'm happy I went. I would suggest others to go there also and try something new and try what our Native cousins grew up on.
2	I REALLY wanted to give this place a great rating, but there was just too much to look past in order to do so. First off, I'm Native American, so I'm very peculiar when it comes to my Native cuisine. The food for the most part was delicious and authentic. We ordered the Navajo lamb sandwich on frybread, Navajo taco, and children's Navajo burger. The sandwich had more than enough meat, but was still a tad pricy for just a sandwich with no sides. The Navajo taco was a standard Navajo taco and there wasn't much to complain about. The frybread was fluffy and the beans were cooked just right. Now, the problem I have with the Navajo burger is that it's obvious that the beef patty is the flash frozen type that comes in a box and dries out when cooked. It's actually less expensive to buy beef and make patties by hand. Not only would they save money, but they'd be selling a juicier burger as well. The reason I HAVE to give this place such a low rating is for the restaurant interior itself. The dining area is rundown and drab-looking. The kitchen looks dirty and cluttered. And today, the temperature hit triple digits and whoever runs the joint decided that an open door and crap oscillating fan would suffice. It was horrible. For as long as they've been in business, how have they not done any significant renovations?Lastly, customer service was so-so. There were two waitresses working for the entire floor. The dining area isn't large to begin with, but even with the restaurant half-full (or half-empty, depending on how you see it) service was slow and emotion-neutral. Hopefully things get better, because I'd like to have another sandwich/taco someday.
2	The place literally smells like a toilet inside. I am not normally that sensitive. But this was really bad. The owner was not at all friendly. I asked nicely if they would wrap the fry bread separate because I was driving 20 miles with it and it met with much disdain. That is unfortunate when I'm the only customer in your business. Go across the street to The Fry Bread House. MUCH better service, food, and no smell.
3	For Sacred Hogan:- Open on Black Friday (NOT A HOLIDAY) when Fry Bread House is closed- HUGE portions. Even being quite gluttonous, I was not able to eat even 2/3 of it- Hot sauce is less hot and more flavorful, allowing me to use a ton :)- Service was friendly and quickAgainst Sacred Hogan:- Shasta soda. Seriously...is Coke that much more expensive?  It just makes you look SUPER cheap- Fry bread seemed under cooked. I'm used to eating it much crispier, and this was just really soft.- Didn't love the beans..and when ordering the Pima (beans plus the other toppings, no meat), that's a problem
1	Terrible service!  Waited over 40 min for our food.  Only 2 females working super hard !  Felt sorry for them.  This place needs a deep cleansing!  And no air circulation! :(  I will not be back!
