4	A great event that showcases many local artists and vendors. I was very impressed with the variety of items as well as the unique style that each booth had to offer.  Anyone thinking about going should definitely check it out!A side bonus, the Filmore is right next door to VBGB so you can go grab a beer once you've finished.
5	This was such a great event! I had no idea there were so many cool and unique vendors in the area. From reclaimed furniture, to handmade jewelry, to specialty cheeses and coffee, this was a well-organized, well laid-out, and fun pop-up market. Great call to make it indoors on a hot day. We went home with a small but unique piece for our bedroom. Great event!
4	This was my first time going to the pop up market here in Charlotte and it was awesome. I was super impressed by the number of vendors and the amount of handmade goods there. They had some food trucks and also local coffee shops set up making coffee which was awesome. I will look forward to this event every year!
5	This was such a great event! This was my first time attending the "pop up market" type event in Charlotte and I was throughly impressed with all of the vendors that came out for it. I got there a little after 11am (when they opened) and they were already at capacity! There were alot of handmade goods, local artists, and food vendors. I sipped on a Not Just Coffee Cappuccino (my favorite) and had a sampling of cheesecake from the Cheesecake Carousel (amazing), and sauntered through the vendors. The bar was open during the event, which I loved, so there was an option to have a bloddy mary or mimosa while shopping. Overall, this event was well organized and I was impressed! Next year, i would say move it to the NC Music Factory so that there can be more vendors, and have it open up a bit more.
4	Enjoyable day out!  Had never been before but had heard it was a great time. The admission was free and there were some interesting vendors there. The place was PACKED when I got there and they were holding people at the door. The mix of sellers was good between vintage and new handmade items. It was a great day out and for doing something different. There was a small food section, but it would have been good to see more people selling some homemade snacks- cakepops, cookies, etc.
5	One night... I'm at the Fillmore rocking out at a show. A couple days later... I'm buying super cool handmade goods from local vendors. Add this as one of the many reasons I love this venue.I've fallen in love with these Vintage Charlotte pop up markets. I found so much great stuff back in December at the holiday market. I was super excited to hear about a Summer version.On top of all the great merch, some of my favorite eats and sips were on hand for this edition: King of Pops, Not Just Coffee and Juan Taco. Come on.. popsicles, caffeine and Mexican food make everything better.The pop up market is free to attend, but for $5 you can get in an hour early. Totally worth the money to have that first chance to get your hands on some great stuff before it is all snatched up and gone.Kudos to Amy and everyone involved on a great event. Already looking forward to the holiday market in the Winter. (Not looking forward to Winter though)
