4	We had finally gotten to the point where we were ready to stop trying new Mexican places. It wasn't that we had found the best ever, it's just that every Mexican place is essentially the same damn thing with a slight variation on the chips and salsa.Fortunately, some badgering  from a neighbor got us out to lunch at Los Arcos for their lunch buffet. i think it's the first Mexican buffet i've ever come across. They've got your shells, taco bowls, beans, rice, lettuce, jalapenos and other toppings, beef, chicken, shrimp and a few pre-concocted enchilada or chimichangas, (i never really know the difference between all the Mexican dishes, but they all have the same level of deliciousness). i didn't even have to panic when the server normally asks me to choose beef or chicken for my entree, i chose beef AND chicken on my taco, i almost threw some shrimp on there. Call me loco. i'm not saying their food quality is all that superior to the other Mexican places, but the buffet is dinero (as in the Spanish word for Money)Bonus, they have patio seating and a nice little bar area. So why settle for the #22 combo of just 1 measly enchilada and 1 burrito with your choice of rice OR beans??  Satisfy your American tendencies and eat as much as you can with a Mexican lunch buffet. According to their web site, Monday through Sunday 11-3.Holy hell, i almost forgot, they have a life size cut out of the most interesting man in the world by the front door making for  an excellent photo op on the way out. Don't judge me.
3	This place was worth the visit. The food was good, the prices were great and the staff were attentive. All in all worth trying out if your in the area.
1	I feel bad, this will be my first "one star" rating for any business. I so wanted to like this place since it is the closest Mexican restaurant to my house. I have been here about three times before I started Yelping and each time the food quality seemed to get worse.... First, this is your typical strip mall chain Mexi joint. They come to your table quick with water and chips (that was the only bright spot). The salsa came and it tasted and looked like watered down ketchup with a fleck or two of pepper seeds in it to give it the appearance of salsa - must have came from a large drum of pre-over-processed salsa rejects. My idea of salsa is fresh tomatoes, onions, cilantro, jalapenos, etc where I can see and know what I am eating. THIS CRAP WAS GROSS! My food arrived - I think we all have ordered the "3 enchiladas" plate from any of our Mexican favorites. Mine was covered, well avalanched with ice burg lettuce, cold runny sour cream and unmelted cheese. I wanted to ask for a small shovel to find my 3 enchiladas covered up on the bottom. Anyway, i got to them and the chicken was ice cold and gross, one bite - done with that one....I thought, hmmm, melted cheese enchilada....wrong - cut into that and all the cheese was still unmelted - WTF! The beef enchilada was ok and it warranted two bites, but had no flavor. Trying to keep this short - but overall, food SUCKED and I will not go back even on someone else's dime! see my pics from this trip....
3	So, i went today for the lunch buffet and unfortunately, i've got to take away a star. The beef just wasn't good today. Tasted almost uncooked, but still in a grease tub. Also the rice was pretty blah too. The rest of the stuff was good enough for a cheap Mexican buffet (beans, cheese, lettuce, shells). Overall, i still think it's worth 6 bucks.   The service was top notch, even for a buffet, the server was like a mind reader. Constantly topping my drink off when low. i thought to myself, i need a napkin and sure as shit, there he was with napkins...before i asked.
4	you get your money's worth on their lunch buffet, might not be the best mexican food ive ever had but its certainly not the worst. what do you expect, its a mexican joint in a shopping center beside of a harris teeter..lol if you want americanized yummy cheesy mexican this is a good spot. love their pico! and their buffet at lunch has a lot of good things on it. rice and beans here arent great but the other food makes up for it... wait staff here is on point, you never run out of drink, you might run out of chips but if you ask they'll bring more :)
3	Let me first say that who ever gave it 1 star doesn't know Mexican food. I guess they have never been outside of Charlotte Before!The food was priced very well. It was cheep and tasted very good. We started off the night with a Margarita which was good. Got Guacamole that was tasty as well. You cant go wrong with a 2.50 guac dish. As for as our main dishes it was great!! I think this place is very good. I have yet to be there for the Lunch or Lunch Buffet, the dinner was great. The plates were huge and tasted wonderful. If you think that "South of the Border" is good Mexican then A) you don't know good Food B) this place will blow that crap out of the water!!In the area you can not beat this place for food and for the price. it is a must go to place here in this part of Charlotte. If you think you want to have a good night with some friends and your thinking Bull and Barrister, I strongly recommend this place!
4	Tons of food. Especially mexican food. This place is close to my parent's house and well, this is probably the place to go to when we're craving for some mexican food. Because it's 1. Extremely close, for those eat and sleep situations and 2. The food is good (and the beer is pretty cheap), and lastly 3. The portions on the plates are absolutely huge and plentiful.I don't understand why they have a low rating on the restaurant, as this is the place I would go to for a quick mexican food fix. I mean I have to say this isn't the place to get a nice gourmet mexican food. It's a place where you go get down and dirty with some mexican food and if you choose to drink, they have a bar and you can lounge. Overall, I think this place is wonderful. I get my fix for mexican food and well, I come out full. I'll definitely come back to this place when I'm craving for it.
4	the lunch buffet is the only value from this restaurant..the service is horrible if you go at night or not during lunch buffet times depending on which server you get. there are two servers that are nice and attentive and wonderful...the rest..eh...... food is good on buffet, always something different....great salad bar and i LOVE their pico di gallo?? i dont think i spelled that right so sorry!!! no judgement!! lol
4	When I lived in Charlotte this location was a  frequent stop for me. The food is fresh and delicious and the portions are extremely generous. The service is sketchy sometimes but overall this is a great place to get some quality Mexican food. Check them out!
4	Fast service, good food.  We've been coming here for years and have had easy going experiences nearly every time.
4	big fan of the lunch buffet.  Although it tends to be the same things most of the time there are 4 bins that rotate what is offered.  the kid always enjoys cheese quesadilla and tater tots.  i enjoy making my soft tacos with the spicey steak.
5	I live this place. Great food, great service. Lunch time buffet is fast and cheap. Try the Guadalajara Special with a BIG beer. My kids love the variety on the kids menu and they always seem to be able to handle special orders without any problems.
3	I have yet to be impressed with the food here, but will keep trying. It just seems like a bland plate that neither warms the heart nor makes an impact.Honestly, I probably don't know what I'm talking about because I know a lot of folks who like it here. Right now? It's not for me.
5	Excellent service, generous portions both food and drinks.  Nice to sit on the patio.  We are regulars.  A great value and a fun neighborhood Mexican restaurant.  Highly recommend Los Arcos especially for families.
5	While deciding what to make for dinner, decided to go here for my first time. Wow! I got the steak super burrito, and it was super delicious.  Food tasted clean and fresh. Top of the burrito had a white, thick, cheese sauce glazed on it, which made the meal even better. I loved this place!  Great quality food, good customer service, and not to mention really cool fluorescent lighting.
1	I've been to this restaurant many time through the years. Because it's close, easy and not terrible food. But Sunday was more disrespect than I can take. We ordered our drinks and food, no issue. After waiting 40 mins,which is crazy for this place, we get 2 of our 4 orders. Wait another 10 minutes we get the third order. She finally ask me my order as she is dropping this entree off. Telling me it was coming she has to go pick it up. Ok. Another 5 minutes passes my family is finished with their plates, she picks their plates up and apologize again. I tell her it's alright, just put it in a box I'll eat it at home we are ready for the check. She returns with the bill still no food and we notice they charged us full price for their mistake. I ask her if some compensation can be made, she replies "no, is you want the food you have to pay for it" to that I said "no worries." Great customer service guy! I'll drive a few extra minutes if it means I can actually have the food I order. Will not be back to see you anytime soon.
