5	Me and the wife got our first tattoos here for our 3 year anniversary. Now she's just about finished with her quarter sleeve. Much thanks to our artist Chance Gomez and the other talented artists at Red Handed. Clean shop with a good atmosphere and great music.
5	This is my favorite shop and the only place I go to get my tattoo work done.  Chance Gomez does an amazing job and is experienced and professional.  The shop is extremely clean and full of talented artists, all with their own unique style.
5	Brand new shop. I totally recommend (and have recommended to several friends) Red Handed. I was tattooed by Chance while my friend was tattooed by Bobby. I'll never go to another shop again. Very clean, organized and professional. The artists are extremely talented and it really shows how much they love their job.
5	You should see my arm!I have been to most tattoo shops in town, and have been tattooed at a few of them.  I have never felt so comfortable, confident in my artist, and content with the work and price as I did with Daniel Roacha at Red Handed Tattoo Gallery.This custom ink shop is hidden away in a small shopping center, and is very easy to miss.  When you walk in, you're greeted by a small waiting area and a couple of friendly staff members.  The artists' portfolios are right there on a table for you to browse through.  It is not intimidating by any means, so first timers should have no fears about stopping by.  I started a sleeve with an artist at a shop on the strip.  I won't be specific since I don't want to slander anyone, but this shop is really overpriced, the artist showed up late without calling for mulitple appointments, and the tattoo had many issues. I was just very unhappy with the whole experience. I walked into Red Handed Tattoo, and spoke to some of the people there about my situation.  I wanted someone to touch up, fix, and improve the tattoo.  Daniel "Roach" Roacha only books one appointment a day, so he has as much time to concentrate on producing an incredible piece of art.  If you could see the tattoo before and after shots of what he did for me, you would already be blowing up the phone for an appt.  Beautiful shading and consistent line work, great perspectives and shadows, he did it all.  I have definitely found my "guy" in Vegas for tattoos.  In terms of price, red handed tattoo gallery is anywhere from 20-40% cheaper than most parlors on the strip, and the quality of work is second to none.  Bottom Line:  If you're going to wear something forever, it better be great, and this shop's got you covered.
5	I absolutely love this place. Everyone there is so friendly! I'm pretty shy, and a little intimidated by some tattoo shops, but the guys at Red Handed make you feel very comfortable. They let you hang out up front where they have a tv and game systems. The artists are very laid back and easy to talk to. I went to Chance to get shading on a current tattoo, and it looks perfect now! He also fixed a tattoo I had, and now I am completely happy with it. I really liked how nice Chance was, and how he kept making sure I was okay :) I definitely recommend Red Handed to anyone looking to get a new tattoo, or their first. They are also reasonably priced. Seriously, I'm so glad my friends recommended this shop and I went.
5	Red Handed is one of the better tattoo shops in town...period!I get my work done by Chance Gomez.  His portfolio speaks for itself.  He is not only one of the best artists in town, he is absolutely one of the most genuine and nicest people you will ever meet.  That goes a long way in the tattoo scene, especially if you are looking for a new tattoo artist.  As a shop Red Handed is great as well.  They have an approachable vibe, while maintaining an elite status as a tattoo shop.  It is clean, the staff is friendly and they play great music...what else are you looking for in a shop?  Red Handed also puts on West-side Wednesday's with music and food available...It's a great time to stop by and check out the shop.
5	These guys are the best. They love what they do and it shows. The shop is clean and has an approachable vibe. There are painting displayed throughout the shop that are done by the artists themselves. Just by looking at the paintings on the wall you can already see that these guys are true artists. They also hold live art events on Tuesdays to bring the community together in the appreciation of art.
5	I'm Vegas local.  Was in the mood to get tattooed.  RHTG is close and and after reading the reviews stopped in for a small piece.  Nice shop. Nice people. Nice work.  Support your local shop!
5	Went there for Friday 13 festivities and the people there are great. I will definitely be going back to get some ink and perhaps a piercing from Pete ! The place is clean the people were awesome even through all the madness and crowds that were there for Friday 13 tattoos !
1	My husband and I called ahead and then went to this place to get tattoos. When we walked in, there were three dudes sitting on a couch watching funniest home videos or something. So, we walked up to the guy sitting at a desk, who just stared at us, and asked if someone was available. So the three guys get up, two walk away without so much as acknowledging us. The last man standing was the one to do my husband's tattoo. He didn't tell us his name, so from here on out he will be known as flaming eyebrows. So flaming eyebrows was really inconvenienced by the fact that we wanted to give him our money. So he sketched out the tattoos and gave us a price, the whole time, he looked pissed. So my husband asks if he takes credit cards and he's like, we take cards, or cash. So I ask "Can I not use a card?". His response was, very irritably, "I prefer cash", and he directs me to the liquor store where there is an ATM. I walk over, then walk back, he is playing some movie, and half paying attention to my husband's tattoo, half watching the movie, not saying a word to us to whole time. Finally when he gets done he says "No don't worry about, you don't have to cover it, it will be fine. This isn't some tiny little tattoo, by the way, and he says don't worry about it. I've only got four tattoos, but they have all been covered when the artist finishes up. Then he turns to me and says "you ready?". So by this point I had already called Classic Tattoo and asked if they could take me, so I said "No, I am not getting one now". And he did not say anything, he just turned and said "You can pay me now". I will never go back to this place. Flaming eyebrows was a jerk.
5	Excellent place to get a cover-up to erase a hasty decision aka a mistake.  Price was more than reasonable and they gave an appointment on Xmas to work with my schedule, which was greatly appreciated. Thanks, Duke!
3	Got my first tattoo here today and the artist was not the nicest, but did a good job.
2	Hey...  I walked in asking for help and they were rude..  They might be PERFECT. AWESOME artists...  But...  If they thread you like that at the door..  Preferred just walked back out and keep on looking around!!!
5	R.H.T.G.  Is the best tattoo shop in Las Vegas.  Clean, friendly, laid back.  It doesn't have the creepy vibe most tattoo shops have Ryan Grey and Chance Gomez have both tattooed me.  Even better than I could've asked for, bold lines bright colors,  customized tattoo work.  If your looking for a new place to go, you just found it.
5	If you want to find me every 2 weeks on Sunday I will be at right handed getting a great tattoo from a great guy Steve! Would not go anywhere else! Place is clean,friendly, and Steve is the greatest artist! And a wonderful smart,friendly guy too! Many thanks Steve! See you soon!
