3	This place is a cheap shoe store on the West side. Its like an in btwn of Payless and theo utlet stores. They advertise on the outside that they have shoes for $3.99. When you walk inside its actually only a big bin with shoes for $3.99. The rest of the shoes seem consistently $13.99-15.99 and up. I bought a pair of sandals that were pretty cool - there were lots to choose from. The boots were all on sale for $10 each. Unfortunately I didnt see any I just had to have and I managed to get out of there with only one pair. I just know myself and know I'd rather pay a few extra bucks, maybe even 2x as much over @ Burlington Coat Factory for a few pairs of Guess shoes that I know will last a lot longer. But its the kind of place that if you need to buy a pair of shoes for one specific outfit. They have the same shoe in several colors and purses to match. Outrageous shoes as well as tons of comfy looking flats. The girl that was working the register was kinda rude. Maybe she;s from California Miami or something but she just wasn't friendly to anybody.
4	When I buy shoes I like to buy in bulk and I like a variety of styles. I think that's why I love this place so much! The shoes I've bought here so far have lasted me a long time. If for some reason they didn't I wouldn't feel so bad because the majority of the shoes here cost me  about $9.99. The prices normally  run from $3.99 to $15.99 (that is the highest I've seen). You have to have patience in order to sift through all of the shoes because there are so many. They range from Clear heels  to a simple ballet flat.  I learned yesterday when you buy four pairs of shoes you get $4.00 off of your bill . I don't mind being a slave to fashion at these prices!
3	Yes its a mess, Yes its disorganized, and Yes the help is not very helpful and just down right rude! But I'm not going there for there decor or service I'm going there for shoes because trust me service sucks ass! I LOVE there shoes and they have tons and tons of selections. Tons of heels in any color height or style you can think of, they have boots flats tennis shoes you name it they got it. Ive never gone in this store and not bought at least one pair of shoes. They are decent quality not the best but what do you expect for $9.99-15.99 dollar shoes. I usually stop by here on the weekend if i know I'm going out and want new shoes for the club. This is a place i will continue to be shopping at even though the atmosphere is lousy. WARNING: DON'T COME TO THIS STORE IF YOU GET OFFENDED EASILY BECAUSE IF YOUR CARRYING A LARGE PURSE THEY WILL MAKE YOU LEAVE IT AT THE COUNTER, ITS RIDICULOUS TO HAVE TO HAVE TO CHECK YOUR PURSE.
4	Who doesn't like a good bargain, especially when it comes to shoes??!! I was a non-believer before coming in here. I was thinking " cheap shoes meaning poor selections" but I was wrong! They have a huge selection of shoes(mostly for women) and a small one for the dudes. You name it: heels, sandals, stilettos, boots, flip flops, sneakers. I bought a cute pair of purple heels for 7.99! I've only worn it once so I couldn't say how good the material is. Although it is comfortable. But for something so inexpensive, don't expect much. As far as service goes, also don't expect much. Ive only seen the workers interact and greet their clients when the boss showed up.
4	I love this place, they have everything and the prices are unbeatable. It has a "swap meet" feel when you walk in but it smells like new shoes!! The staff is super friendly and when they didn't have my size, she got them from the other store. Sexy shoes, great prices, awesome time-robber.
4	If it wasn't for one of my aunts who took me here one night, I would've never even fathomed going inside. To be honest, appealing is the last word you would ever associate with the shop, from the outside to the inside. You are basically greeted by piles and piles of boxes, it's almost overwhelming. Then you see these big bold stickers on the glass windows that say 'Starting at $3.99' and wonder just what to expect of the product quality. Here's the good news. As you continue to explore the depths of the shop, it quickly turns those worries around because it has such a diverse variety of shoes (they're cute too!), you'd have to be a tad bit insane to think they're worthless. In fact, I bought my to-go pair of loafers here for only $9.99 last year. They're very comfortable to walk in, have a sophisticated design and have lasted for about half a year already, way longer than I expected them to. Then there's my aunt, who would go around wearing these adorable wedges, heels, boots and whatnots and claimed to have gotten all of them from DSF. It's just that the place looks so unappealing on the outside that a lot of women - I was one of them - don't even give the place a chance. Make sure to stay tuned to their seasonal sales as well. I do know that once spring time hits and temperatures start to creep in the 80s-90s, they hold this huge sale for boots that start as low as $8.99! Those are the same style of boots you usually have to pay about $20-150 anywhere else depending on the brand. Don't be too quick to judge a book by its cover and give this place a try.
4	I love, love, love this shoe store.It is located in a strip mall on Rainbow and it says SHOES $3.99 and up! HELLO!If you're a label whore (which I am not), then this isn't going to be your place. There are no frills or designer labels. Just rows, stacked high and lots and lots and lots of shoes.My only beef is that I wear a size 10 and they rarely ever have my size.I just went last week. They have so many cute boots and they cost: $35. Woot!Get some sweet kicks and don't feel guilty about blowing a lot of money doing it.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 25/100I used to come here a lot and get a handful of shoes for school but over the months, my enthusiasm has slowly faded and skepticism starting replacing it. DSF always knows how to keep up with the trends, even more so, lure you in with their ultra cheap bargains. One time, they had a nice line of boat shoes that mimicked aerosoles' 'velocity' and came in 4-5 colors. Being the huge loafer fan that I am, I got a pink pair for $7.99. Over spring semester, I would wear it to school at least once a week however, not too long into it, I noticed the soles were uneven and I began to develop stabbing pains on my inner right foot. To examine whether the root of the problem came from the shoes, I alternated my shoewear with a comfy pair of peeptoe flats and my running shoes. None of them made my feet hurt. Another pair of flats I got from this store prior had even thinner soles that made me feel like I was walking bare feet. Today, I'm not sure it's wise to risk health for what looks like a cute pair of shoes, especially if you tend to walk a lot in them. If you're concerned with prices, wait for semi-annual sales on comfort shoe brands and hone in on them when you see that big 70% off sign in front of the store. Works every time!
5	I love the styles and especially when I can find my size for 3.99. Bought two pairs.
3	Great prices and styles, sometimes I find that i have to get 1 full size larger than I normally wear for the shoes to fit. And that puts me at a 10, so sometimes it's hard to find those sizes in the shows I want. Bought these 5 pair for $38 total!!!
5	Love this store !!!! Been going for years and I love the variety of shoes and the price is amazing ! A must try for shy shoe lover
4	The selection of hooker heels is boundless here! That being said, you might not want to do too much "walking" in them. The inexpensive shoes aren't always of the best quality but I won't complain since the prices are rock bottom. I figure if I'm able to get a few wears out of them I've got what I paid for. Honestly though they carry brands like Soda that are pretty sturdy. If you join they're text club you can get a coupon as well. If you're looking for some cute shoes without a huge price tag this is your place!
4	This store has the best deals on shoes!! There's even sales at times. Their boots and sandal collection is my personal favorite! The shoes aren't the best quality, but who can beat a $10 pair of shoes that are cute!? Definitely a place to check out for all you shoe lovers out there!
4	Really inexpensive shoes. A lot of very cool ones, most look like they would hurt my feet after a while, but boots for $10? Heck yeah. They seemed to be out of a lot of sizes, common ones, yet the sheer amount of shoes still gave us a lot to choose from. Store is a little messy, made my OCD Mom uncomfortable. Nice people running it, great hours. Been back twice, and will keep going. Mostly for the awesome boots. Lol
2	Signage outside shouts $4 SHOES but majority are priced in the $12-15 range. Quality may be questionable; majority are club-style heels made of synthetic materials in bright and clashing colors/fabrics.In addition to clubbing heels, there's a variety of sandals and flats but most appear cheap- a step below Payless, more like what you'd get for your middle school daughter than purchase for yourself as an adult. Limited selection for men, no sneakers for women. Each shoe style only available in a few sizes, many limited to only a few pairs.Star score cut down due to the following:Only available seating to try on shoes is by front counter, one single bench seat for the whole store which is inadequate for a store this size. Try on your shoes because mine weren't true to size.Signage upon entry bans food/drink and large purses, and indicates that bags can be searched at any time for any reason. And there are security-cam  photos posted behind the cashier of shoplifters, which is incredibly tacky and unprofessional.Suggestion: Hire more employees to wander the floor and keep an eye on product rather than drag down your business image like that. The only employee I've ever seen here is the cashier.
4	Awesome!!! Never seen anything like it! My coworker told me about this place and I went the very next day! I was so amazed at the price of the shoes!! Some of the shoes weren't to my liking but most of them were! You have to think, how much are they purchasing the shoes for? (Profit wise) I didn't see anything in the store over $16! Wow!! The only thing I DON'T like is the tight space. The aisles are very slim and I often find myself on the floor trying to find my show size. No where to really try on the shoes either. Shoe mirrors are scarce! However, the tight space is definitely worth it! Soooo many cute shoes at an even cuter price!
5	Seriously...just like the Yelp rating: This place is as good as it gets! You can find total gems here! I bought a pair of high sandals with lace up leather band here and I have had them nearly 10 years! I bought them with the intention of wearing them a few times in Vegas and not expecting them to last but they really did. I did not have time the last year to get by there and last trip I must have been on some sleep deprivation because I was really 'bummed' when I went by and could not find them. I decided to walk up Maryland Parkway last trip (because, just like the song: nobody walks in LA) and I wanted to take advantage of the day and was super happy to find out they were still there. I cannot tell you how great it is to find edgy expensive shoes for prices that are lower than ghetto big box (Wal Mart and the like) (brands like: Bumper, Skunny, and even Pleaser (sexy/crazy shoes) featured in many magazines and national magazine/photo spreads are always there. They must have some relationship with the manufacturer because these are not run offs from TJ Maxx or Ross.. I love that the shoes are not likely to be seen at the clubs or events I attend because I like to be unique and a lot of these shoes really are. You may not buy them for 100 but 3.99-7.99 you can go 'all in.' Anyone going to Vegas...this store is a must go if you love serious bargains and you  are not a snotty bioche that has to shop at Chanel (and not look like you do) just saying.Note: I go to the location on Maryland Parkway (they did not have a Yelp so, same company different location. I like walking from the hotels and the other location is better if you have a car or rental if you are visiting.
3	OMG SHOES!! I love a good shoe sales. This place is like heaven for a shoe lover, however it can be hit and miss. When I went this past weekend I bought two pairs of shoes. The pair were the ones I needed, flats that would match a bow from a dress I am wearing to rehearsal dinner. They are a brownish color and fake leather. I tried on my size and they were a little tight so i went a size up. I walked through the store for a moment and decided for the price they were good, only $9.99. I also saw a pair of cheetah flats in different colors that were on sale. They show the toe cleavage which can be cute, so i got them in the silver and gold. I tried on my size and they fit really good, and they were a steal at $7.99. My friend was also looking around for shoes but had a harder time since she is a size 11. The guy working at the store was pretty helpful. He was funny and check my shoes to make sure I wasn't getting two left feet. They also have purses, boots, and a few men's shoes. So, a day a two later I go to wear the brown flat and it rubs and is really tight, i hope to stretch it out but not sure if it will work, not their fault just wasn't what it felt like in the store.
2	This place has a lot of shoes,  you will find something just look. But their customer service is horrible! !!! All the girls do is stand by the register and don't try and help. You shouldn't have to search for five minutes to find someone.  And when you do,  they act like they don't want to help. They just like to stand in the front and talk to each other. They really need to work on their customer service.
4	This shoe store is pretty awesome for the $3.99 shoes-  you would think it was junk for that price but there are actually some nice shoes there as well as handbags and boots.  Some advice: don't give up when you walk in and the shoes are priced around $20 bucks because the real $3.99 stock is in the very back of the store towards the right side.  I found the cutest sandals and lots of sexy heels last summer and the quality was amazingly well made, comparable to something I would have gladly paid up to $100 bucks for.  You gotta love Vegas for the incredible bargains sometimes!  The staff at this store aren''t in your face, so if you need help you probably have to hunt them down.  But they also aren't rude, so that's a plus.  Happy Hunting!
