3	What can I say... it's Taco Bell.  I have a strange obsession with Chalupas so this review will be super biased.  Based on the fact that this location can sling out a great #6 (two chalupas, one taco, and a drink combo) I will give it a solid 3 stars.I've eaten in the dining room before where there was a strange odor (probably because the water wasn't changed when they wiped down the tables).... but I've been in there before when it was fine.The drive-thru at this location can get pretty long due to it's location near I-85 and the university, but it's taco bell and they move everyone through in good time (most of the time).
4	This is my local Taco bell, and my Taco Bell of choice.  If you've ever been to any of the thousands of Taco Bells around this great country, then you know the tasty, affordable dining experience you are sure to have each and every time you go to a Taco Bell, and this one is no different.  When I go here, I usually keep it simple.  I prefer the XXL Grilled stuffed burrito - chicken or steak, it doesn't matter.  I ALWAYS STAY AWAY FROM THE GROUND BEEF!  You just don't know what you're getting with that stuff, and its really not worth putting your life on the line to find out.  Other menu highlights include, any of the soft tacos, nachos bell grande, seven-layer nachos, chick/steak burrito supreme, seven-layer crunch wrap supreme, and the pintos and cheese.  Of course there are many other items on the menu from crunch-wraps to cinnamon twists, but the best part of taco bell is that this great variety of menu options is offered from 2 in the afternoon to 2 in the morning!So if you want good, cheap, filling, food, you know what to do - RUN FOR THE BORDER!
3	My fellow Mexican brothers and sisters are going to lynch me, decapitate me and hang my head on a corner of a grain storage building in Guanajuato (look it up), but I actually really like Taco Bell. I remember a long time ago, when Taco Bell "threatened" to open stores in Mexico all the Mexican-American were up in arms about it. But most of us Mexicans were like, "hell yeah!" best munchies ever!Anyway, this Taco Bell is very clean and the staff is uncharacteristically friendly. I really liked the way the cashier treated me when placing my order and offering items that complemented my order. At the end, he offered me his name and to let him know if I needed anything... Thiking back now, he might have been hitting on me. Less than 5 minutes later, another guy called my order number and not only did he wait there until I picked up my order, he thanked me for visiting and told me to come back to visit them soon. He did this to the other three customers behind me as well. That is the type of service you don't get in fast food anymore. That's why this Taco Bell gets 3 stars instead of the default 2 I give to fast food places just for opening their doors. No point in discussing the food, it's mass processed and it tastes the same no matter which taco bell you go to.
5	I have been to this Taco Bell couple of times with my family. The staff is very friendly. Lot of veg verity is available for vegetarians.
4	They have a pretty good location and convenient for in and out.  Everyone's familiar with Taco Bell's menu, however, something they've had for awhile is "Happy Hour". They have many freezees, Taco burrito grillers, and drinks for $1 from 2-5, everyday.  The freezes are a good item for a cool summer refreshment.  Be mindful of the drive-thru at the location. Once, you're in, you're in. You're not able to leave out of the drive-thru because there's not another lane to the right to drive around. Also, the location is right next to a new authentic Mexican restaurant, but Taco Bell will still be left standing.
1	I got there just to try the new triple steak sandwich. The price was good and the staff were nice. The place is good to sit and enjoy the meal.UPDATE (8/3/14): it seems that drive-thro staff are a little different. Since I like the food, I wanted to try something new and asked for it by the number when driving through. I ordered something and the cashier was saying some details about which or what thing I want as the options. But I wasn't familiar and asked her to repeat (and she was talking very fast) and she refused, thinking that I (We) are some kids playing with the mic. I asked for the third time, and she said this is not funny (!) and I told her nobody is trying to be funny. So, she called the manager, and he just asked is what we wanted, ignoring what had happened and the food options. The cashier was disrespectful, and the manager was having her back being rude to us.... It was a really bad experience. They didn't put any sauce for us in the bag and no receipt as well. At the window, when she saw us, she said "I thought you are fooling around". I am not sure how appropriate is to talk to a customer like this. I had a really bad experience with this TACO BELL... maybe if we were Americans, it could not happen... disappointing as we live in 2014....
3	Quick cheap food a great eating place if your vegan or vegetarian! Customer service is great and their open super late up to 4am on most days.
