2	What, no one else has reviewed Plaza-Midwood's mainstay mass-chain pharmacy?  I'm shocked and will have to do the honors, in a quick and tidy fashion, if for no other reason than the wife and I usually get our 'scripts filled here.The best thing going for this place is visibility and location- right on the corner of Pecan and Central.  It has plenty of parking around the building and even has a drive-thru pharmacy (which I do not recommend you use during the busy rush hours).  It's your typical CVS is terms of layout- pharmacy in the back, cash register and photo center in the front.  Things look a little run down just in terms of decor and lighting, but I find this is typical.  They always have an amazing assortment of seasonal items right in the middle of the store and these places get my vote for best place to pick up a PInk Elephant party present.  You want a Shake-weight?  They got it.  You need a Snuggie blanket?  It's only a matter of which color.  Basically, if you've seen it sold on late-night TV you can bet it will be here.The good thing is their rewards card, which can give you "Extra Bucks" used as cash on your next purchase.  You have to be careful with some of their 'deals' but if you watch your coupons and their weekly fliers, sometimes you can score a good deal.The real downgrade here is quality of other clientele this location attracts.  While the largely gentrified Elizabeth and Plaza-Midwood sandwich this CVS, there are a lot of other depressed neighborhoods that rely on this store.  I don't know what it is about a CVS, but there's always some kind of sketch factor strolling thru the doors.  Whatever magnet is pulling these folks in only seems to get stronger the later you stop in.  Perhaps this is why there is usually an off-duty sheriff's deputy standing guard at the front door.  This is both reassuring and off-putting at the same time.  Luckily, this isn't a weekly stop and convenience factor usually trumps concerns for the niceties of a higher end store.
3	In, out, easy, breezy stop. Like Will H. mentioned, it's in a great corner location on Central. Yep, parking is good and only for CVS customers....Plaza Midwood parkers beware. CVS isn't my usual convenience store/pharmacy of choice, but this one worked just as nicely. They have a wide assortment of basic groceries, cards, candy, and lots of pharmacy and vitamins stuff and more. Well stocked! The employee that was working check-out, well, probably wasn't enthusiastic about his job, but he didn't stop me from getting what I needed in a hurry.
3	Not really going to make this long winded...it's a CVS for pete's sake.  It gets the job done in a pinch much like a gas station.  All I can say is that the pharmacy is 'OK', wasn't the most pleasant bunch I've ever run into.  Outside of that the only thing I can add is that this location for whatever reason can lend itself to some shady characters hanging outside.  My suggestion...get in, get what you need and get out!
2	This a chain. You know what they have, you know the price point, no big surprises there. There are so many chain pharmacies in Charlotte and they seem to do very little to differentiate themselves from one another. Thankfully, I only have one prescription I have to deal with and just have to go by once a month. But, on that monthly trip I'm immediately irritated if I go inside. Generally I'm the only person at the Rx counter and there are 2-4 employees working. No one acknowledges you for at least 1-2 minutes; it's like they have a timer and can't speak before it goes off. Then, all they say is "Be right with you".  When someone does finally ask your name they dig through, find your Rx, make you sign the insurance book and cash you out with no more words. It's really amazing how little communication goes on. The drive-thru pickup, if it doesn't have a long-line is slightly better for some reason. Not personable at all but at least a bit quicker. I'm really just rather meh about the place and wish there was a local pharmacy that took my insurance.
3	Popped in to this assembly line CVS after brunch nearby. It's nice and simple and has all the accoutrements of every other CVS. Well stocked shelves with personal care, medications, even food and drinks. Candy of course.The pharmacy has a drive through.Now I'm suddenly wondering what the heck "CVS" stands for. Hello, Google. It's "Consumer Value Stores". Now you know. And knowing is half the battle.
1	Getting a prescription should not be this hard! Clearly a process problem here. 3 trips, finally got it!  Nice pharmacists tho.
4	I visit this CVS regularly for prescriptions and have never had any issues. Honestly, I picked up my prescription before I could get very far into this review. Their drive through is convenient, too, of you're just here for scripts.On more than one occasion while waiting to pick up my prescriptions, I've witnessed other customers literally yelling at the pharmacists, so I completely understand their desire to get your scripts filled and get your out the door as fast as possible.
3	Continuing my tour of CVS stores in the Queen City....This is my new location for all things pharmacy and drug store like. It's a CVS. You know the drill. Big plus at this location: the people are nice. I popped in today to ask the pharmacy to transfer my prescription over from my former CVS. I mentioned there may a note on my account that says "angry." The worker said, "oh no" and asked why. I explained to her how I have been asking the old location to take my prescription off of automatic refill for the past three months. Each time, an employee assured me that it was taken care of. Then a few weeks later... I get the "your prescription is ready" phone call. All of the curse words.She apologized over and over again for that. So nice, especially since it wasn't her store's fault. She made a phone call. My prescription was ready about ten minutes later. Quick, painless, simple. Woodlawn store, take notes. This location does have a drive-thru. All pharmacies should have a drive-thru. There should be a law.Plaza Midwood CVS, I look forward to our new relationship together. I hope it lasts awhile... because I REALLY don't want to move again anytime soon.
1	Awful pharmacy experience.  Automated call that prescription was ready.....not even close.  Why bother with a worthless automated system?  They don't care that you made a trip.  Go somewhere else.
5	I walked in determined to help myself find the Dramamine.  A store employee must have seen the confused look on my face and quickly offered assistance.  I was impressed.  Once I made my selections, I got to the cashier and didn't have a wait.  The cashier was swift and kind and that's all I need.  I am not sure why this location has low ratings but my first visit was impressive, although they were out of stock on the item I needed as it was on special.  This was expected.Note: On a Friday night, there are a lot of cars in the lot but I don't think they were all inside CVS.  Perhaps they share with the surrounding businesses.
