5	This place is hit and miss, but when its good its REALLY good.
4	So last night after a few brews at Santa Fe Mining Company I decided to check out Dimas Tacos. It is in the next parking/building area and I have of course seen it a few times but never seemed busy so I was unsure if I should try it. Well Last night buzzed hunger overcame and I did. I ordered the Lengua (tongue - usually cows tongue) Tacos and the Tacos Al Pastor (shepherd's-style tacos) made of pork, were both very good. Tons of meat and nice refreshing Pico De Gallo (rooster's beak) which some also call Salsa Fresca. They were both hot fresh and mouthwateringly delicious. Of course could be that I was tipsy LOL but they really were Nom Nom Nommy. I also ordered some Churros (a long, slender, deep-fried pastry coated with sugar and cinnamon) they were very yummy, hot and fresh.I talked to another customer there (who turned out to be a Sin City Roller Girl - Props to her) and she said she has come a few times.I would also like to note that the place was really clean, a easy menu consisting of names with pictures for us tipsy folks ;pI will definitely be going back :)
4	I have been here a few times. I think this place is definitely better than the other common Mexican family chain taco places. I had the shrimp burrito. At first I was kinda iffy ordering shrimp. In the end it was worth the risk. It was the perfect amount of spiciness where it makes you sweat a little but you cant stop eating it. My friends dad got the mole chicken and he swears it was just as good as his ex wife's. I know of several other people that live in the area that also rave about this place. They have dinning tables but its more of a order your food to go place. They cook the food fresh so it will still be piping hot when you get home.
4	I found this place on yelp and since it received good reviews decided to try it out. Right when you walk in you see the cash register and the bright yellow menu to your right. About 20 seats and 6 tables, a salad bar like Roberto's. The menu is a lot like Roberto's but a few items that are different. They serve breakfast, so hey all you breakfast people here's a place to try. Now down to the food...I ordered the chimichanga which is a deep fried burrito. It was delicious! It wasn't watery like some other places because of the grease or meat. When I cut it in half no grease or water was filling my plate so that's a plus. I would totally come back to this place since I want to try the churros and some other things on the menu.
3	good food  and that what matters.
4	I would say that Dima's is a nicer version of Roberto's. The service is always friendly, the food always fresh and the prices can't be beat! I love to get the chips and guacamole for a late night treat. The portions are generous for the price too.
5	Best I have found in Vegas
4	Everything is good except the tortas just feel plain for some reason.. My kid's love eating here  you can't go wrong dam tortas keeping me from giving them 5 stars!
4	Friendly people. $1 chicken tacos everyday. Very tasty. Quick service. I wish they would maintain and clean the place more though.
5	Al Pastor tacos are wonderful here! Big, tons of meat, great flavor, cheap, hot... did I mention big!
5	I've been meaning to write a review about Dimas Tacos for the last month and I'm happy to do it. As I sit here at Dimas I'm reminded of the first time I entered the  clean glass doors of this establishment. I was greeted with a smile and a hello. I didn't feel rushed like most places that employ teenagers who don't have a clue about customer service. Instead, I had the privilege  of having one of the owners ( Jennifer ) take my order. Angel, the other owner, manned the grill with the authority of a seasoned chef that he is. The food was prepared quickly and was absolutely delicious. I didn't realize how much I missed my mothers cooking till I savored my meal. From the fresh ingredients to the atmosphere I'm totally sold in this place. Robertos better watch out because I see a Dimas Tacos takeover in the future. Enjoy and tell Jennifer Tommy says hello.
4	Sorry Roberto's but there is a new taco shop in my life.  Dimas is close to home for me.  I have been in a couple of times now and it is never as busy as Roberto's.  I think it is because people don't really know where it is.  I drove right by the first time I stopped in.  I had to make a u-turn and come back around.  Service has been good each of the times I have eaten here.  And the food has always come up quick.  I have been getting my same order each time.  Two chicken tacos and one order of three rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese.  It is the same order I get when I go to Roberto's.  In fact, this place has a menu that looks very much like Roberto's.  It is like they are sister restaurants.  The pictures, the prices, the style of food.  It is all the same.  But there is always one prettier sister.  That is Dimas for one specific reason in my book.  They offer the chicken tacos at $0.99 all day every day.  Roberto's only has that special on Wednesday.  Now that I have Dimas to go to I can get my taco fix any time.
3	We came here because we had a Restaurant.com certificate to use. It was ok, but nothing special. The taco shells were fresh and made onsite and the chicken was delicious. The rice, however, was mushy. And they used preshredded cheddar cheese. Not very authentic but a nice cheap meal.
