5	ig-zil-uh-reyt is an organic juice and smoothie bar that is conveniently located in the same center as the yoga studio I go to. I have been getting my exercise on a bunch lately and I really don't have time to juice. Not only is it expensive but it is very time consuming and since I'm training for a fitness competition, I just don't see the point anymore now that I know about ig-zil-uh-reyt. This place is a life saver for me! My busy schedule revolves around my weight training, exercise classes, cardio & eating small meals every 2-3 hours. The last thing I have the time or energy for right now is juicing and then having to clean up the mess afterwards, however, I did miss incorporating all of the greens into my diet. Now I don't have to go without. The quality of the produce used here is excellent. Everything is organic and it comes from California. All of the equipment is brand new and the place is kept nice and clean. The employees I have met are nice people. Rest assured that you are putting the best nutrients in your body when you support this business. I'm sold on ig-zil-uh-reyt and will be coming in more often. We really needed a place like this in the area and my wish has come true finally. Much gratitude!
3	I really wanted to give this place five stars... it's clean and new, the staff is nice, and their main green juice, "The Originator", is one of the best green juices I have tried recently.But my price was $10! What makes a smoothie, or even a juice, ten dollars? In addition, they were out of papayas and pineapple at noon, and it took me half an hour to get my order. :/
5	Trish and Ed are awesome...they do everything organic which is a plus for us and the smoothies are awesome.   The price is a little hard to swallow when you look at it from the perspective of it being for a smoothie, HOWEVER, when you consider the equipment you have to have to make the just, the preparation of getting and cleaning all the vegetables, plus any powders or syrup put into the drink, it is worth more then the price they charge.If you were to take the time to get everything and do the same thing at home, yes it may be cheaper in the long run, but the time you have to put in would make it worth just going over to this place, enjoying some great conversation with the staff and let them take care of all the preparation and clean up for you.WE LOVE THIS PLACE, WE LOVE THE FACT THAT EVERYTHING IS ORGANIC and that they refuse to lower their standards.  WE WILL CONTINUE TO support Trish and ED and I encourage everyone to do the same.  You are not just getting a smoothie or veggie drink, you are gaining some great friends....
