3	Used to be the Raddison I guess...I am conflicted about the hotel... There are certain things that were just bad-the desk clerk told us breakfast was from 6-1030 when it was 630-10 and we get downstairs at 10:10 and had to go until lunch on empty stomachs-the door to the bar from the pool was broken (automatic sliding door) so we had to pry it open every time we wanted a drinksome things were okay-clean rooms-quiet area (but kind of far from downtown which is were we had to go every morning)-outdoor seating by the poolsome things were good-waterfalls in the pool-fridge and microwave in the room-beach volleyball court it averages out to 3 stars
2	As Aarash Z. said, I am also conflicted about this hotel.The bad things:- misinformed breakfast time- having to push open 'automatic' sliding doors- bed was hard and the 'sleep number' remote didn't do anythingUnfortunately, bed quality is super important...The good things:- bar has nice strong drinks- the pool is super cool with waterfalls- free parking- decent size room and bathroomso even though the good things could make up for the first two 'bad things' and land the place a 3 star rating, unfortunately those things don't make up for a good bed, so 2 stars instead of 3. And if the sliding door was fixed, they'd get another star.
2	Interesting highlights of my recent two-night stay:Pro's- Free breakfast (eggs, meat, cereal, biscuits, juice)- Main pool has a nice waterfall and is clean.- Easy parking.- I thought the beds were comfortable.- Staff pretty friendly.Cons- Gym treadmills were both broken.  Staff: "Yeah, they are on order.  It's pretty safe to run in front of the hotel though." Huh?- Found a pair of waded up underwear in my room.- Took awhile to get cool water in shower. Staff: "Yeah, your pipes aren't insulated so it takes a long time to get cool water.  Just let them run."- Kids playing in suite level pool kept finding "chalk" at the bottom of the pool.  Turned out they were playing with chlorine tablets.  Great.- Fridge was too cold - drinks were freezing. Couldn't find a way to turn it down.- Do Not Disturb sign on door kept blowing off from wind.- A/C was loud.
2	The only 2 stars this hotel can receive is for the pool and the restaurant.The front desk staff was very rude. I requested adjoining rooms which they did not fulfill and they were never helpful with any request during our stay. Our towels were not replaced after the room was cleaned and when I called the front desk, they told me 'I could come down and get them'. The wi-fi wouldn't accept Apple products so we could never connect to it.The A/C was very loud, especially as it started up.The vending machines (which are not on every floor) consistently gave us wrong product.It seems as if the hotel is understaffed - never more than 1 person at the desk (even though they claimed they were at full capacity), no housekeeping available in the evening.
2	This place is not a 3 star like some have said.  It is NOT in downtown.  It is near and in a of the path section.  You would miss it without navigation.  This property was bought from Radison and the new owners obviously cant afford the upkeep.  The place was dirty and staff dressed any kind of way.  The front desk staff were of no help when the cable TV would not work.  Checked me in on a old laptop.  They blamed it on Cox yet there were others in the building that had service.  Did not work for the 2 days I was there. WIFI did not owrk anywhere.  Again not help. I did not get maid service one day.  The parking sucks, not connected to Hotel.  Bed was a sleep number but would not adjust so had to sleep on hard bed.  The air conditioning was so LOUD had to turn off to sleep. The only good thing I can say is it was near the light rail.  This was a $50 a night room at best.  I paid $90.  Do not stay here unless you get a great deal and can stand a 2 star experience.
5	I was a little weary after reading reviews, but the experience me and my fiance had here was nothing but awesome. I would consider this hotel 3 stars, contrary to other opinions. We got a great deal, the man who helped us, Nick, was really friendly and helpful. He even let us check in before 2. The rooms were clean, the bed was super comfy, and I didn't have a problem getting wifi on my iPhone. We had the most fun at the pool, and the beach-like entrance was pretty neat. We were able to walk around the block to the light rail, then spent the evening at mill ave. The breakfast buffet in the morning was definitely above average, and there was a server around filling and refilling coffee, so he gives you a receipt if you'd like to leave gratuity. I don't see anything wrong with that. But overall, we had a great one night getaway and would stay again.
1	First day here decided to try the complimentary breakfast.bad idea i sat in the restuarant area for 20 min without even being acknowledged. Four more days here not sure i even want to try again
4	This is the 2nd year that I am staying in this Hotel.  It has everything that you need in order to get you well rested and going in the morning.  Also its walking distance to the train that takes you pretty much anywhere you want to go if you didnt rent a car during your stay.They hotel is nothing fancy, however it is very clean, offers fast wifi and continental bkfst.  They also have a small gym with fairly decent equipment, very nice outdoor pool with seating area and additional seating are outside just outside the dining room.You can bring you own liquor and just chill by the pool, which is great to spend some quality time before going to bed.If you are looking for a fancy hotel then difinatley skip this one, however if you are on a budget and looking for a great hotel which is clean and cheap look no further.
1	If the option for NO STARS was available, trust me, this hotel would take the lead in the zero column. Seriously disgusting hotel. More like a motel. Nowhere near most of the key downtown locations. They sent me to a room that had not been cleaned -- GROSS. And then the next room they sent me to had no towels. Obviously I ended up leaving and not staying in this hotel. Lets just say everything in this place looked "sticky." Eww.
4	I stayed at the Hotel for about a week in the beginning of September. When I arrived at the hotel the booking website had NOT sent over my reservation. I had misplaced my reservation print off, the staff figured that out quickly and made sure my rate was right. Once I got my room, I went straight for the bed. I just drove 12 hours. My bed was flat as a pancake. The room had a Sleep number bed. I could not find the controller to it. I called down to front desk in within 2 mins I had maintenance at my door. They located another remote for me and then showed me how to use the bed. He was very friendly, nice and made me laugh quite a bit.  My first and second night I slept horrid. I thought it was just the drive and time change. No it was the A/C unit. The units are very loud when they start up, so every time the a/c unit came on, it woke me up. This was annoying. I switched on the fan to run all the time, but it did not work, it would only stay at auto, meaning it would turn off and on. I called front desk and they asked me if I like to switch rooms. I attempted. I went into the new room and it has the same issue, so I said no. The hotel came in and switched at the Thermostat so that fan would run all the time. From there I did NOT wake up during the night. Again, the staff was very accommodating , friendly and they understood my issue.  The pool had the waterfall on only once, in my week of staying. I will admit I would have like to seen them run more. The pool needed some help and it was still quite a nice pool. I enjoyed it very much. I know there were storms and the staff was quick to clean up the pool area. The food.....it was very good. I am not a breakfast person, but I did not miss one while I was there. I was very happy with the breakfast. Again friendly staff, even if they don't speak much English. I ended up staying three extra nights. I thought the hotel was beautiful, yes it could use some help and it is getting it.  I was most pleased with the friendly staff. Anytime I had a question or concern they quickly answered or resolved it. I was never treated like I was a complainer or like I wasn't a hotel guest. Even then I watch them treat non-guest very well. The housekeeping staff was wonderful. Even when I told them not to worry about making my bed or changing towels out, they would. In fact, they would make sure all my bathroom stuff was neatly laid out and placed in a good order. My bed would have no lines or wrinkles and my stuffed bear would always been sitting in the middle. Just cute. Yes, I travel with a stuffed bear, was my sons. Just the fact the cared about detail pleased me greatly. Would I stay here again?  At first I almost left the hotel and now.....I am so glad that I stayed there and I plan to stay there again in my next visit to Phoenix. Phoenix has an uptown and a downtown. This hotel is Uptown and its still a walk-able area, and that's saying alot for Phoenix.  Thank you Phoenix Place for a great visit. It was the rest and care I needed. Thank you Thank you Thank you
