5	I've long been a fan of this haven of fashion originality, situated on the eclectic and artistically different Cockburn Street. It can be quite tricky in Edinburgh to find affordably priced fashion that's not High Street and a bit same old, same old, but Pie In The Sky is thankfully a very handy go to in times of fashion emergency.The stock in here has definitely changed slightly over the years, as back in the day, when I used to come here as a teen, it probably edged more to the emo, slightly gothic side of things. The clothing offered now is girly, with an edge, and they stock a lot of the brilliant Motel range, which always seems to fit me quite nicely, and has a range of fantastic dresses for going out wear. There's a fab selection of patterened tights too, and a jewellery section with body jewellery to adorn the nose, eyebrow, face, bellybutton, and whatever else you might have pierced.
3	I can deny it - theres a real touch of originality in here. I think its mostly female clothes (i've only ever been in here with my girlfriend) but they also seem to have a selection of jewelary and vairous other bits and bobs for sale. That said, it seems that the style of this place doesnt really lend itself to any fashion other than slightly less than Emo-teen girls and hippy student types, but I guess people shop here for that exact reason.I've never seen any clothes massivly expensive, but that said I've never seen anything really cheap too - its kind of mid range if im honest. Rather like the whole shop.
3	As the psychedelic name implies, Pie In The Sky is a boutique that stocks womenswear with a hippy slant. The decor and ambience is much more down to earth than somewhere like Monsoon but the short flowery dresses and pastel tunic tops are definitely aimed at contemporary eco-warriors and Glastonbury goers. Whilst I appreciate the style, I'm more of a rockabilly chick myself so am never tempted by anything in the store. If you're someone that likes to Tune In and Drop Out however, float this way...
3	The tights they sell here are the kind of tights that could give a grannie a headache. I'm not a fan, but that's because I'm easily visually affected by bright things. For example, girls who walk around in so much fake tan they look like doritos. Or neon pink. They both scare me. But Pie in the Sky actually has a pretty cool range of clothing. I don't go often for the same reason I never go often to places that sell pretty things I can't afford. I mean, they once upon a time had a sales box and I got myself a dress from there, but that's only because it cost a fiver and I could afford to do that. It's definitely a great place to go if you feel like you can splurge.
