1	Are you Fucking kidding me!  You did NOT leave a disconnect notice on my fence for a non payment of $49.57.  Hold it, let me check that again.  Oh yes you did!  For a mere $49.50 are you kidding me!?  You Mother Fuckers!  I Fucking hate you!I'm sorry I didn't get your Damn bill ... I practiclly never pickup my mail because all my bills BUT yours are auto paid.  My mailbox is nothing but a heaping pile of junk mail and your F'n bill.  And no I'm not going to let you automatically deduct from my account.  I don't trust you, not even a little.  And no I'm not giving you my e-mail address.  I have no doubt you'd sell it to some spammer in Burma for a penny!And no I am not calling your B.S. payment line in India and then call you back with my payment confrimation number!  You can go to Hell!  You'll get your damn $49.57 when Wells Fargo get it to you, you bastards!  And if it weren't for Yelp! I'd proabaly go off the Damn grid just to spite you Fuckers!  Assholes!
1	I really hate this company - someday there will be competition on the grid, and awful for-profit monopolies like this dinosaur will die a quick death.I switched banks, so there were two months where the autopayment I had set up with the old bank bounced because I hadn't yet set it up with new bank. An oversight that was my fault, to be sure, but as punishment they started making me pay with cash in a machine at the local Circle K for one full year. I appealed, and after speaking up the chain through two levels of supervisor over the course of an hour, they agreed to give me a second chance, though required a $350 deposit. FU.
1	I just bought a home in Arizona...  Nobody is living in the house.  First three month's bill are 100, 98, and 120...   The house is freakin empty with nothing in it, and that's the bill?   Turns out those are just the fees.  Only about 10-15 bucks of actual usage.   I think its time for politics to step in and regulate this company for grossly overbilling its customers.
1	You turned off my utilities by accident at my current resident when you were supposed to turn off utilities at a different address I informed you off..then it takes you 12 hrs to turn it back on..while my wife and 4 month old baby have no electricity  and all the food has gone bad..no way of getting a hold of her while I am at work cuz her phone won't charge.
1	I just moved to Phoenix from Chicago and I've also lived in Lexington Ky this is the first time I've seen so many superfluous charges on my electric bill.  If you subtract the $28 to install (when power was already on btw) my fees add up to $50 and my actual electric usage was $30 for the month of december.  I've never seen a delivery charge for electric in my life (gas yes, but that makes sense).  This delivery charge was divided into 2 segments one being $17 and the other $6.  I hope someone can tell me that SRP doesn't have this kind of fees as we are most likely moving to Mesa.
1	Okay so I assumed that if there's only 2 electric companies in a city and you don't have a choice which one you get with your residence, there wouldn't be much of a difference in service. Well. I guess I'm a fool.I've been with SRP since I moved out on my own and I didn't love it because I was paying for a necessity but whatever. Responsibilities as an adult, right? Then I move to this place that happened to be in a small pocket in Tempe controlled by APS and BAM my electric bill went from $30/mo to $75. Well that's strange, maybe it's just some startup fees/deposit and I guess I accidentally left the heater on all day a few times. Oh, just kidding, I have SIXTY DOLLARS OF FEES. My actual electricity usage? $15. This is absolutely ridiculous. I'm sure my neighbors think they're living next to a psycho now, because you should've heard the tantrum I threw (assumption could also be due to me being alone most of the day, talking and singing to myself rather loudly, but lets disregard that fact).Sweet, fee-less SRP, I can't believe I took you for granted. If I could, I would break my lease over this just to move back to you. Now I know why you're supposed to ask what electric company is used before you move into a place. (Very expensive) lesson learned. Once I'm out of here, APS is never going to see a penny from me again. Doesn't matter that my actual electricity service is fine (the 1 star), but the fees are just plain unfair and bad business practice. I can't believe they're still around.
1	APS is a very bad company.  The default, tiered usage plan will have inexperienced consumers spending 6 times the normal price, per kWh.  They use a 3rd party CC billing company because they're too cheap to process CC cards - kind of sucks if you're forced to pay with an international CC that won't work for online payments due to the fact that the billing address is foreign and doesn't have a zip code because their offices won't accept CC payment in person.  I own a house in Las Vegas and have NEVER had any of the issues that I have had with this horrible company that I am forced to use. I will be terminating my lease upon it's expiration and the primary feature for my new rental will be that the house is in an SRP area.  APS is a very bad company and I will be happy to never deal with them again.
1	This company is garbage. I run a tight shift on my money and know how much I have at all times. They allowed my money to sit in a none existing account with out saying anything and tried billing me again for a different account. I'm sorry that's called STEALING. Glad that the employes of this hole can go to bed at night and be okay with that. You all disgust me.
1	APS is a piece of crap.  Charging me 3 days at house I never lived in. The moron Jason received our transfer to moved, and put the wrong address in.  Stupid monkey talked to a supervisor Pat? and she didn't do nothing.  I wish SRP services this area im in.  One day hopefully.
1	APS has the most incompetent customer service. Their service compared to SPR is so much more expensive!!!! I am talking $40 compared to APS's $120+ bill. It's been since January 2013 that we moved out and we have still NOT received our deposit back!!! And it's already end of March!!! Every time you call, the story is different with each representative. "Oh, it went out yesterday!" "Oh, it actually takes 3 weeks to be released..." "Oh, ...." Avoid making a deposit at all cost! They charge through roof and I am almost suspicious their meter numbers are reported wrong because one month that we lived there and we were on vacation for most of the month, turned eveything off and didn't use heat or A/C, the bill was still high as if we used electricity every day... Nothing makes sense with them. THEY SUCK.Choose SRP ONLY! Their customer is the best and their rates are very appropriate.
4	I never actually appreciated them until I had to deal with SRP. They are actually better than I thought.
1	If I could give this company no stars I would. APS has no idea what customer service is or how to take care of its loyal customers. After being on hold for more 30 min and getting no help I was put on hold for another 20 min to have to call back on Monday because the department I needed to speak to closed while I was holding an hour. I truly believe that its an injustice that I can only get my power from them. Something needs to be done. This company uses it monopoly status to bully its customers. This company is horrible.
1	If there was an option for negative five stars, they would get that. This is the worst company I have ever encountered. I would pay double if I had the option to choose another company. Seriously.... maybe even triple. I don't think you can really put a price on being able to not do business with APS. If it didn't get up to 120 in the summer, I would live in darkness to avoid supporting this company.I would encourage people to write a letter to the better business bureau. The way that they do business is criminal.
1	This company is a bully. Abusing their power and policy. You guys need to do some changes. We had issue with our account and couldn't pay it get the phone. Customer service rep was horrible. Didn't help. I have money on the account and can't Ben pay online,debit card, or credit card. Must be cash. Fine. We went to kiosk same thing aps placed account into collections. I have money sitting in my account and can't even pay and rep tell me I need to pay at kiosk but can't. Told to wait until Monday morning but the Shut Off is possible and scheduled. A.G. Needs to look this company up and APS be shamed of yourselves. You need to change your board and senior management. This is abuse and inconvenient.
1	FUCK YOU APS!!!!  A $5 "convenience" fee for paying online?  I'm already paying 3 or 4 times the electricity cost due to your "fees", but its just a slap in the face when you slap a "convenience" fee onto an online payment.  APS is nothing but a sucky greedy company that has a monopoly and treats its customers like shit.  FUCK YOU APS.
1	APS is a true racket. We moved from Tempe with SRP 2br/2ba, $150/m summer average. Not too bad. Moved to Scottsdale and now have APS. Same 2br/2ba. $236-255. ACTUAL power usage is $140, the rest is FEES. $40 delivery charge? I didn't know someone dropped off my power every day? Must of sub contracted Santa...
1	Worst company ever. I just moved from Chicago to Phoenix. It's bad enough I'm trying to make sure everything is working and on before living in a totally new place but to get hit with ridiculous fees is another thing. But this is the kicker, when I called them to address the fees and the turn on fee which DOUBLED my bill they let me know that I should have just known that fee would be assessed and there was nothing they could do about it. They didn't care if I was a first time customer and they weren't going to do anything to the asshole who signed me up and didn't provide all the information. Less then a month here and I hate these people. Like HATE. Not because of the fees but for the disrespect and disregard for their customers. I'm changing services immediately. I hope they all go under.
1	This needs to be posted on every APS Yelp page until they consolidate al of them. APS is absolutely deplorable. They have a complete monopoly on Phoenix.  Consumers don't have a choice for power service provider and because APS knows this, they charge like old mob racket. I have had service with them, again, no choice, and one day I get a letter stating that I have a security deposit required. I had service at this new address for 5 months before this came to so I called. They told me because I was past the due date that they can at their discretion ask for one. EVEN AFTER SERVICE HAS BEEN CONNECTED.  I obviously have no choice in the matter. I asked them what past due meant. They told me after 13 days!!! My mortgage allows 30 days. The credit bureau reporting system is based on 30 days. The whole world works off 30 days. Past due after 15. Very crafty how the bill is due JUST before most people would pay their bills from their paycheck on the 15th. They charge me 1.5 times my bill for the last 12 months. Now remember, I have only been there for 5 months so rather than judge it on MY last bills which are low, I have to be averaged off of another family. So the deposit was massive. So I tell them (based on principal) that I cannot afford to pay it. So they say they will separate it into 2 payments (how generous). So I make the first payment of 80. Mind you, this is NOT for services rendered. Next month I get my bill in the mail, and like every month, I pay it.  Few days later my power gets shut off.  I think its a building fuse or from a storm, but as I am walking to the maint office, I see the yellow tag on my meter. So I call APS and say WTF?? They tell me I was shut off for non payment. I quickly log on to my bank and see it was paid and I tell them this. They say, " no, it was for security deposit". I asked them what do I owe on my service. They said nothing. I said, so I got disconnected over an arbitrary deposit when my bill is paid in full? They said yes. They then tell me there is a reconnection fee and if I want it done that day there is 100 rush fee.  Now, this is all happening in the morning. I went to the gym and came home within the hour. So you know the service guy was within a mile. I talked to the "manager" and he was " nice enough to cut me a break" and not charge a reconnection fee. So I waited until the next day so I wouldn't have to pay the rush fee, and avoid reconnection. So because it was a cool 115 that day, I had to sleep at my gf's, WITH MY 2 KIDS!!!!The next day all of my food was bad and still cost me over 100 for no reason.  APS needs to be stopped and there needs to be regulation.
1	Literally THE wost company known to human kind. I almost converted to an Amish community because of this horrid company. The world needs to know how terrible this company is, lies, deceit, if you work for aps you should feel ashamed. I paid my bill 3 weeks early, I give them my bank act info (same as every other bill I pay, cox, credit card ect...) then I get a call 2 days after my bill was due, we are talking 3 weeks after I posted my bill, saying that there was a problem with my payment and now I will get charged with a late fee! I get charged for their mistake, then I pay by phone and get slapped with a 5 dollar inconvenience fee. Ban aps. Hopefully capitalism plays a role and some better electric company and stomps them.
1	If there was an option for negative five stars, they would get that. This is the worst company I have ever encountered. I would pay double if I had the option to choose another company. Seriously.... maybe even triple. I don't think you can really put a price on being able to not do business with APS. If it didn't get up to 120 in the summer, I would live in darkness to avoid supporting this company.I would encourage people to write a letter to the better business bureau. The way that they do business is criminal.
1	BAD service is so rampant nowadays it is disgusting.  I called near the end of August to have power connected on 8/29/14. Of course they requested a $250.00 deposit, even though I had had service with them before and always paid on time, but whatever (it had been a few years).I called back on 9/2/14 to disconnect because it turned out I was not going to be moving to the location (nobody was at the location at all during this time either so there was no power consumption). I was told it would be disconnected and they confirmed the address to send my deposit back to. The associate stated 7-10 business days. After 10 business days I called back and was told they got confused and didn't realize I had actually disconnected service, they thought I was transferring it. Ummm ok. Not sure what happened to the entire conversation I had with the previous rep DISCONNECTING SERVICE AND GIVING THEM MY FORWARDING ADDRESS IN CA FOR THE REFUND. So, I was told it would now be processed and take 14-21 days. Ok. Annoying but whatever. After thinking about it, I decided to call back to see if they could bump up the timeframe since the issue was on their end. The associate assured me it would mail within 4 business days. Ok. Not sure why the timeframe keeps changing.  I wait 4 business days and call once again just to confirm the it was being sent out and was told "yes it went out on the 23rd" (which was indeed 4 days after my last call). Here we are, 4 more business days after the refund allegedly mailed out and still nothing. I send mail from CA to GA and it takes at MAX of 3 business days. Not sure where these refunds generate from that would take longer than 4 business days. Pretty sure it was not sent. So here I am, on hold, 51 minutes later and haven't even spoken with a live person. Pathetic. Oh, and I found out me deposit would be short $40 because of fees. I feel sorry for anyone that lives in an APS only location. I had SRP for a few years and had absolutely zero problems with them.
1	APS is one of the biggest examples of crookery in the municipal power industry. No matter how much a person tries to reduce their power usage, the fees and taxes that APS tacks on makes it impossible. My last bill was $244, and 95.00 of that was taxes/fees. They put on fees for the most ridiculous reasons, they pass on EVERYTHING to the consumer. The worst was when they started installing the SMART meter, the kind that flashes electromagnetic waves through your house every fifteen minutes. First off, as our master bedroom is about five feet away from the meter...we started having sleep problems. Next my arm began to have a pins and needles feeling in it. My husband demanded they remove it (as they didn't bother to let us know they were changing our meter) and they did...with another SMART meter that is read by someone driving by.  By the way, APS is putting the knuckle on the commission to let them charge 30.00 a month to those who refuse the SMART meter, not to mention how they are trying to penalize those who have solar power. This is a monster of a monopoly and if we were in the days of the French Revolution they would be burned down. The CEO made $7,000,000 last year. I bet he gets a big bonus as well for screwing so many customers. This is a quote from a page glorifying him *(NAME REMOVED) is chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and Arizona Public Service Company (APS), Pinnacle West's primary subsidiary. The companies are headquartered in Phoenix. APS serves 1.2 million customers across Arizona and is among the nation's top-performing utilities for reliability and customer satisfaction.* You can bet it wasn't a customer who wrote that garbage. I am so disgusted with the ripping off of the average person to make these monopolies so wealthy. I have never had my service cut off but the first summer after the SMART meter was put on, our bill soared from 200.00 in 2012 to 459 in 2013...and we set our A/C on 83 and are careful to use on off-peak. One month (Oct 2013) we used only 47 kilowatts...but our bill was over $200 due to the ridiculous 'demand charge' 'usage fee', etc. I don't know how the bigwigs at APS can sleep at night, but I do believe that to be a CEO, you must be a sociopath as well. I couldn't sleep knowing I was essentially cheating so many people who are trying to get by.
