3	I found myself wandering in here one rainy afternoon, and I'm quite glad I did. It's one of those places that you always know are there and always walk past but never go into. When I went in it was near Christmas, and was looking for inspiration for my brothers. What do you buy older brothers?! Shaving balm from L'Occitane, that's what. (although it cost me an arm and a leg, more than I'd want to spend on my brothers...)I bought both my brothers this balm and they loved it, it's for the pre-shaving ritual (apparently) and works a treat. I've been meaning to go back and investigate further....
5	I've become a L'Occitane convert in the last 18 months or so. I often buy online due to their excellent promotions but it is still nice to have a wander into this outlet on Frederick Street from time to time. You can pick up L'Occitane goods in the likes of John Lewis but they never stock the full range - for that the company shop is the only place to visit.The staff in here are generally welcoming and very helpful. I've lost count of the times they have offered me a cup of tea or coffee whilst I browse. They are attentive without being in your face. The produce speaks for itself - high quality, simple and delicious! My own favourite range is the Cherry Blossom but I also dabble with the skin care range and Shea butter treatments. The price range is not in the inexpensive bracket but it is also not so expensive as to take it out of people's reach. You can also pick up good "bundle deals" which are great if you have a favourite fragrance.
3	I have no idea how I stumbled into this place, I think I was just killing some time or so. But I am glad I did because its really a nice place even if the Mens section is the size of a book case. But everything in here is organic  and I would say its all good quality . The mens section has some really nice cologne that you cant get anywhere. There is obviously tons of women's stuff. This review will be shorter because I didnt sample any of the women's stuff but from the smell of the place I would say it smells like good quality to me!
