5	For $10 in 2011 you get all you can eat from the finest the Biltmore area has to offer for a few hours in the parking lot of the National Bank of Arizona.  The food--what can I say?--was superb!  Everything from Ruth Chris to Mojo Yogurt was there.  Plenty of steaks were served there as that must be the "it" item in that area.  I was chomping them down so fast as I could go from booth to booth, and there were free food samplings in all the booths that lined the long walkway.  Fabulous food, too, and each one tasting better than the next. This is an event that a friend told me about as she visited it last year.  Boy!  Am I ever glad she did.  Sooooooooooooooo worth a tiny $10 which goes to charity.  Good music and great food made me extremely happy....particularly since I could chow down on however much I wanted there just going from booth to booth.  It was heaven!  Really!!!!  My entire group had a blast tasting everything there was and sometimes together like ceviche and meatballs but, what the heck, it was fun and so darn delicious!If you get a chance to attend this next year do so.  You won't be sorry one bit.By the way, tons of people here come, so parking gets tight; but, they offer free valet parking if you are interested and get there early enough not to have to park on the street.  But, if you're really smart, you will come when it starts and avoid the crowd because it doooo get realllllllly crowded.(You know, for all you Devoured fans that go annually to that food fest at the Phoenix Art Museum, this is like a mini-Devoured.  And just so good, too!)
4	I went to The Taste of the Biltmore on Thursday, October 4, 2012.  I loved the ambience and the people watching but especially the food!  Lots of steak, mashed potatoes, gulf shrimp with aioli, clam chowder, mini burgers, cookies, wine, quesadillas. But the best dessert was the salted caramel custard!  To die for!  So worth $25.  I will go back again next year.  Although I couldn't find parking in the lot, it only meant it was a popular ticket!  And another thing was sometimes I had to put a sample plate on top of my drink since they did not offer those special plates where you could hold a wine glass.  I sampled all stations within an hour.
4	I had a blast for $25.00 you can try unlimited samples  from some of the valleys best restaurants , like Mastros ,  Capital Grill , Fox Concepts, etc. Next time ,  plan to bring some friends with me . I
5	Kelly's at southbridge was by far the best presenter this year.  Awesome food and lunch specials that are amazing.  Right of scottsdale road they are a must try.  The people there are all so friendly
5	The Taste of the Biltmore is a refined, upscale sophisticated event. It's also a block party. I understand why there was scant intel on the interwebs. The word is out. The organizers do not need to over sell this event. I'd book mark this one.Net proceeds benefit a different charity each year. In 2014 the Act One Foundation was selected. This organization helps increase access to the arts for children and families in Arizona.Hosted outside of the National Bank of Arizona, music wafts over a large meandering space. Bar/wine spaces abound (with plenty of H2O) so there are never really any lines. In addition to the many (many!) high standing and seated tables drinks and food can be perched on low level walls.Culinary offerings from the best were here in abundance. The Capital Grille. Donovan's. The Gladly. Bluewater Grill. True Food Kitchen. Barrio Queen. Zinburger. Blanco Tacos & Tequila. Kelly's. (There were more!) Nothing bundt cakes even had a serious spread! (I had some. Just a little :) With so many vendors there really wasn't any wait time for food.This is a red carpet event. No, no formal dresses. But, there is a photographer at the main entrance taking posed photos. Also be prepared for wandering photographers with external flashes the size of small airplanes. Be sure to look for the Apixture photo booth!I skipped the valet and self parked. With that I also skipped the longer check-in line. There's a back entrance to the event. This is where will call tickets are picked up. If you're planning to self-park I'd budget arriving on the earlier side as this fills up fast.The swag was very generous. A coupon book with treats from all of the participating restaurants. Just thinking about that makes me slightly hungry.
5	I have been to Taste of the Biltmore two years in a row, and both experiences were great. There is an abundance of delicious food from area restaurants - so much food that I just about needed to be rolled out of there. There is valet parking, but I always get there early and self park - you get to come in the back entrance that is far less busy and visit the restaurants in the opposite order of most people making for shorter lines. The decor is lovely with lights strung across the event for 'mood' lighting and many high and low tables to stop at so you can eat your food without spilling all over your fancy clothes. The food consisted of steak, seafood, slow cooked meats, delicious vegetarian food (thanks True Food), and lots of tasty desserts. Drinks consisted of 2 types of Chardonnay, 2 red wines, and 2 beers (IPAs I believe). I would recommend this event to anyone!
