4	Artcafe Morita is a tiny little place on the Canongate offering hand-crafted Japanese dishes. I'd recommend you pay it a visit, as it's quite an experience.Overall, we said: "the experience is much more informal, playful and fun than other places we've tried, and doesn't exude the elegance of a place like Kanpai. It's very difficult to compare, as the experience in Artcafe Morita is unique. It has the real feel that you're stepping in to someone's house, who just happens to be knocking together sushi rolls to pass the time.It made me smile, a lot, which is a good thing for a restaurant to do. The food made me happy, also. And I think in quite an important way it made me understand some of the reasons why certain experiences in sushi places haven't been quite to my liking, in the past.I'd definitely recommend that you go along and try it, although make sure time is on your side. I'll definitely be along again, soon, perhaps to try one of their excellent lunchtime takeaway deals."
4	Yes, you do need to set aside some time for this restaurant. But the food is lovely, the coffee fantastic, and the owners charming. Next time I think I will try to stay at their B&B, too. Delicious, fresh. A bit of home, and much better than most of the Japanese food I've found in New England.
3	First, I wonder if this place was an afterthought to their B&B upstairs... "Ahh... wouldn't it be cool to have an art themed coffee bar that also served some Japanese food?"  The food here is very tasty and the atmosphere is like being at home - Ikea furniture everywhere, some sticky plastic tablecloths.  The ramen and donburi were amazing!  Loved the gyoza with pickles too.  Prices are also really affordable for the quality and quantity of food you get. However, the two proprietors have not yet figured out timing for food service with the number of people they get in.  We were told that our food was going to take 15 minutes but it took closer to an hour!  So, if the guys can manage expectations better and people are willing to wait, I would say it is well worth a visit!
