5	I had wanted a Maltese for a long time and after researching several breeders, I came across Bella Dolce Maltese.  I spoke to Kathryn, who took the time to talk to me about her dogs. She was very friendly, knowledgeable (it was like talking to an old friend) and she answered all of my questions without making me feel like I was the one being questioned.After making to trip over to Phoenix, I was happy to see that the Maltese that Kathryn owns are not only beautiful, but also part of her extended family. They are raised right in her home, everything was very clean.  You can instatnly see that all the dogs are valued family members.  The dogs were extremely sweet and very friendly!  Kathryn took the time to explain her dogs backround, her health guarantee, the vaccines given to my puppy and also what I needed to know to have at home for my new baby!  She isnt just a breeder, she also shows her dogs and Kathryn has been my friend and mentor throughout this whole process. She has always been  open to taking my calls or emails for all of my silly questions and concerns.  She is extremely knowledgeable and I can't imagine feeling comfortable acquiring a dog from anyone else.I would recommend Bella Dolce Maltese to anyone in the market for their next lap dog!Oh, and did I mention that my puppy was already wee-wee pad trained when I got her?? And she is so smart too!  We are so in love with our little girl!  We get so many compliments on how beautiful and sweet she is!
5	I am so grateful to have met Kathryn when l was interested in adding a new puppy to our family. Never having my own puppy before...I was new to this whole experience but that wasn't a problem for Kathryn. She made sure that I was well informed on everything that I was going to need for my home as well as the personal knowledge to make sure that my baby would be safe at all times. She sent me home with detailed instructions, sample of food, & two training pads. I often joke with her about how I am so glad that she has been there for me during all my crazy first Puppy-Mommy moments, questions, and concerns! ( I am not ashamed to say they were quite a few in the beginning!) On one of the many (likely unecessary) trips to the vet during the first month....the diagnosis was " A healthy puppy!" With that being said.....Not one time did Kathryn make me feel like I was bothering her! I have heard countless horror stories about other breeders and sick puppies so I just think thank God for allowing our paths to cross!  Not only did I gain a wonderful resource but more important,  I also gained a beautiful friend! I would recommend Bella Dolce to anyone who's looking for a beautiful and most of all a healthy puppy to love!
5	Kathryn is the knowledgable, friendly and a genuinely caring person She let me socialize with my puppy and her mom many times until my puppy was big enough to come home with me. It really made the experience better watching my puppy grow and getting to know her while also learning about the proper ways of caring for a Maltese puppy.  If I have any questions I call Kathryn and she always gets back to me right away. My Maltese is the best dog I could ever ask for. Smart, sweet tempered, loving, playful, healthy and beautiful. I highly recommend Bella dolce Maltese if you are interested in a Maltese puppy.
