4	This bistro offers a great selection of breads and sandwich fillings for those (occasional) sunny days on the meadows for sandwiches. It also has very good hot meals (the bacon roll rocks!) and the coffee is very good. There are some indoor and outdoor tables to sit at and it's located in a quiet corner close to the Meadows. Being a bistro you can buy a selection of jams, trickles, organic spreads, olive oil, cheeses and smoked meats as well as some organic veggies. The girls who have served me on the various occasions I have been here have varied in service, a couple being a bit ditsy with our order and getting it completely confused, whilst others being just fine. Prices are standard for an Edinburgh Bistro, meaning the quality is great but the prices are a bit high. There sweet selection was a bit disappointing compared to other bistros though, but I like the red building it's in and the layout of the shop!A lovely place to head for a snack/coffee after a lazy afternoon in the Meadows!
5	This place has a sweet deal. Not only is it one of the best deli's/bakers/cafe's ever - when the sun comes out it gets a load of business from the students who take over the meadows just over the road.Seriously, this place is wonderful- the deli counter is full of things tht you just have to try, meats, cheeses, spreads - its all amazing looking. The little shop also does odd little bit and bobs too - so you can stack up on your gormet tea and fruit preserve.The cafe is what I come for really though. Grab a seat outside in the sun, order a drink and a breakfast rool. The bacon is award winning, and you can tell - its amazing, and always well cooked. You also get a choice of breads from the wide selection of freshly baked breads/baguettes/rolls which makes it all the more tasty.A really great place, whether you eat in the cafe, or take it home from the deli.
4	Victor Hugo is a great little Continental Deli on the edge of the Meadows in Edinburgh.  It is in an ideal location to catch all the University students on their walk to and from classes and is a great place to go to in the summer as it is just across from the Meadows.  Victor Hugo has an excellent selection of freshly made bread and serves sandwiches and cakes make fresh every day.  They have a counter full of all different types of meats and cheeses which are very tempting.  My absolute favourite is their chocolate brownie which is very more-ish and I frequently pop in for breakfast in the mornings and have the fresh fruit salad.  Everything is organic and freshly made, and although everything tastes delicious, it is a wee bit pricey.   Victor Hugo now sell hampers so you can choose which foods you want in it and they will make it up and deliver it to you.There is seating inside the shop, and it also has tables and chairs outside so it is a lovely place to sit and watch all the action from the Meadows on a warm day.
4	Victor Hugo is in an excellent location for catching a great sandwich as you walk along Melville Terrace.  The first time I came in here I wasn't too impressed as it was nearing closing time and it just looked under-stocked and expensive.  Since then, however, I've been back several times and discovered that it actually has plenty to offer.  The service is friendly, inviting and knowledgeable about the produce they sell.  They have a decent range of organci, healthy cereals as well as the usual olives, cured meats, wines and a vast selection of cheeses.  Further, they have freshly baked bread on a daily basis which makes for delicious sandwiches.  My personal favourite it is their salty, smoked ham with strong cheddar and tomatoes.  Their prices aren't exactly cheap, but they make up for this with the quality of their produce.
4	The Victor Hugo Deli is the perfect pit stop if you've spent the day in The Meadows and are looking for somewhere to freshen up and grab a bit to eat. It's a beautiful deli with friendly staff, a great selection of savoury and sweet snacks and as well as sitting in you can also get food to go.The sandwich fillings seem endless, each one looking more delicious than the last and I was torn with what to go for. I ended up going for a chicken salad roll and it was to die for, exactly what I needed after a busy afternoon. My favourite thing about Victor Hugo Deli is the fact that many of the seats are in little booths right beside the window which means you can look out over The Meadows whilst sipping on tea.
4	It's a deli, brilliant, nearly an instant high scoring for offering exciting and exotic foods arranged in an attractive manner, although obviously if the food tasted horrendous despite looking amazing then that would be a different matter, but anyway. This establishment also has a really catchy name, or maybe it's the dramatic Les Miserables connection.Victor Hugo isn't really anywhere near my 'hood, which is unfortunate, as it means I don't frequent this deli as much as I would. The first time I came in here I was on the way to a friend's house in Marchmont, and Victor Hugo appeared as my red painted solution to the fact I hadn't bought anything to bring over to my friend's flat for dinner. One tub of plump mixed olives, a good bottle of white wine, and some organic, crazy flavoured chocolate later, I was all set to shower my friend with culinary joys.Everything you would expect from a deli is here, and there's a fairly extensive range of goods on display on the full to the brim shelves. Victor Hugo has a very traditional look and feel, with its stacked wooden shelves and wooden counter, which I always feel is quite comforting. A lot of the brands and produce here are quite unique, or at least I hadn't ever seen a lot of the products before, and there seems to be a lot of smaller, local producers on sale, which is always good chat. Victor Hugo hosts quite a few tasting events, so I'd get in there for a enthusiastic nibbling if I were you.
4	This cafe always catches my eyes when I'm on my way home to Marchmont from Newington. Possibly because it's painted a delicious red colour, possibly because it has loads of gourmet deli goods. My heart flutters mainly at the prospect of their cheese. I'm certain in another life I was probably a cheesemonger. Scratch that, I was definitely a cheesemonger.Just like any gourmet deli, it has overpriced sandwiches made with beautiful bread and beautiful fillings. They also make pretty decent coffee at not too outrageous a price. There's seating inside and outside (when the weather allows) and it's pretty much the only cafe in the area.
2	so I did succumb to my roll...and was greeted with an atmosphere that could be cut with a knife. I had forgotten just how objectionable the woman owner is. She talks in a terrible manner to her staff in front of customers, ok it was just 2 of us in at the time but it was still embarrassing. She actually called"service" when all her staff were busy and a guy had just arrived at the till. Had she also been busy then that would be ok, but she did not seem to be occupied and just walked straight outside to have a smoke. In my opinion she should have seen to him. I also don't think it professional that she smokes outside the shop, it is a food store for goodness sake! At the cafe in the museum I worked in, people smoked in the garage. I guess it its one star for the roll and one star in pity of the poor girls who work there...awkward!
4	In theory, Victor Hugo could be renamed "Jen's Little Corner of Heaven" as it houses all I hold dear in this world: a continental deli with a huge selection of meats and cheeses, sandwich fillings, fresh bread, an abundance of home bake cakes and tarts, and other fresh made lunch / dinner dishes like lasagne, stuffed aubergines, and the like. It also has a small shop section with some juices, fresh veg, plenty oils, health bars, jarred olives etc.I could picture myself sitting here late one night, sipping an espresso and eating a small, but satisfying, slice of dark chocolate tart Parisian style. That is if I liked espresso (latte's just aren't as sexy are they?) It has the European charm, the late opening hours, and the good food to boot.They have nice little booths where you can sit in and enjoy a coffee, tea, sandwich, breakfast, lunch, dinner. They do takeaway morning rolls all day, and at weekends have eggs benedict etc. available.It's also open until 10am weekdays and 8pm weekends. This means, for example, that I was able to stop in here last night around 9pm and pick up a slice of tart au pommes to enjoy with a cuppa at home. There's not many places around the Marchmont area that provide such a service.The food is really quite nice. There are a variety of sandwiches to choose from, but you can make up your own. There's also a 'half-price' bread basket where you can pick up good deals.There are a few minor factors that steal away that final sexy fifth star. Call me pernickety, but the shop is never very warm inside. During the peak of the cold spell I had to keep my jacket and scarf on inside. The door wouldn't shut properly y'see. So my eggs benedict went cold. What you want is a cosy, steamy, coffee-flavoured expereince, not to see your breath in the air. The shop assistants can also be mostly friendly, but occasionally I've had the odd snub. Finally, I think the tray bake cakes are bought in. They are delicious, but having been to other bakers and patisserie's in the city where all is made fresh on premise, it just means Victor Hugo lacks that certain je ne sais quoi.Saying all that, I do really really like Victor Hugo. Especially the wide array of deli foods, and the late opening hours.There is also a Friday Night Supper club from 7.30pm where a new menu is concocted every week, and you pay a flat fee (around #16.50) for a three course meal. I am sorely tempted myself.Final, both very good and very bad point. They always have cake samples available on the till desk. Which means when I pop in even just for milk I come out munching brownie, or muffin, or meringue. My waist line does NOT like Victor Hugo so much.
3	A less than enjoyable Sunday brunch was had here recently, and it was enough to make me reevaluate my enjoyment of V.H.As a deli, it's great. As I've said before, there's a plethora of meat, cheese, vinegars, oils. They have a good, varied and unusual range of savoury foods for lunch and dinner every day; so if you were needing a tasty dinner option, didn't want to cook, but still wanted home-made meals, pop in here for a reheatable delight. Seriously tempting stuff. Their cakes are also scrummy.But this is all for takeaway. To sit in I really haven't ever had a 'lovely' expereince. Y'know when you want Sunday brunch, you want to cosy up somewhere for an hour or two, deliicious food, the paper, warm and cheery enviornment? Everytime I've sat in, the staff have seem a little flustered. The girls are all lovely, but there generally seems to be an air of subdued panic. Most recently, the boy and I came here. His order was taken and I wasn't asked what I wanted. As a result, I ordered seperately, and my food came out 10 minutes after his. So he'd finished his soup (which was delicious) and sandwich before mine arrived. When it did, the order was wrong. I'd asked for eggs benedict without hollandaise (I can't stand the stuff). It came with hollandaise. I saw the girl write down 'without' on the tab, so it must have been a misread in the kitchen. It was duly replaced with a fresh one. Fine. But this, on top of my order being taken seperately and arriving later than my dining partner's left me eating it whilst he watched me, without the same shared glow of "mmm isn't this Sunday brunch lovely". It felt more that "right now my food's here, I need to eat it". Yknow?Ok so that was a mini rant. I do still like Victor Hugo's for all the delicious food it provides. But the sitting in experience has always left me slightly jaded, and this particular instance put me off dining in again. A pity really.
4	Never disappoints! Great Union coffee and delightful pastries, and their deli cheeses and numerous ham, salami, etc are high quality and delicious!
2	I've had a similar experience to Jenny's. Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.I was here with a friend and we opted to sit outside, which means they bring your drinks out. Great, you think. Less hassle for us and more time to have a chat. Not quite.The mocha that my friend ordered was stone-cold, so cold in fact, that it made him a wee bit grumpy. (which I can imagine as it was chilly out). It was also covered in what I think was cocoa powder, normal for mochas but not when the cocoa covered lake is sloshing all over the rim of the cup (drips everywhere, the cup was swimming in a puddle on the saucer making it impossible to take a sip without dripping all over yourself.)Maybe it's not such a big deal that a deli doesn't serve a proper in-house mocha, but it just ... was such a disappointment to have a simple hot drink turned into a cold disaster.This probably is a very good deli however, the sit-in experience was aggravating to say the least. The annoying thing is that this place has real potential, it just seems like they don't really car as far as in-house service goes.Shame!
3	This place is quite delicious. Been here many of times for every meal of the day. Pros:Sundays they have great brunch food and if the weather is good we like to sit outside and stare into The Meadows. Fridays are super because they have Supper Club every Friday with a rotating prix fixe menu at a fairly affordable price with 3 courses including a amazingly tasty cheese board (mmm do I love me some cheese!)   During the week I've come here for lunch mostly. The food is tasty and they always have vegetarian options. They have great sandwiches and quiche too. Cons: They tend to take a while to get their food out. I am usually not in a hurry when I go here but when you order to sit in, it takes twice as long as take out it feels like. Which really, that would be fine, but the setting isn't that comfortable inside because most of the time the main tables are taken up. I wish they had a big comfy chair in there and then maybe that would make it better but they truthfully have no where to put one. Otherwise this place is really great and I love stopping in when I'm passing by. My favourite would have to be the Friday Supper Club and, if you're not in a hurry, head here for some good coffee, cheese, olive oils, and hot foods.
3	As i've just moved very close to Victor Hugo and i've heard very good things about it i've been dying to try it out. I walk past it everyday and my mouth waters at the sight of all the cheese in the deli counter. So today i finally went in.We sat in and i had a tea and my friend had a sandwich and water. I do like that they have bottles of tap water and glasses in the chiller cabinet so you can just help yourself, it's a nice touch. My tea was nice and everything was nicely presented on wooden boards.The staff seem friendly and i want so badly to love this place but i was a little disappointed. The door is kept open so it is really cold when sitting in, and the seating is a little odd. We had to sit at the end of a long table and then some people with lots of children came in and so sat at the same table. This made it a little difficult to have a chat with my friend.I do love the thought of this place so no doubt i will be back again soon so i will review again :) I do look forward to it on the summer as it has lots of outdoor seating and it's in a lovely location!
3	This has become my 'corner-shop' and whilst it might be a bit more pricey than the old Spar of my youth, it's far more tasty. How good my morning poached eggs and bacon taste coupled with the spicy tomato chutney. Or how delicious my lunchtime sandwich with the thick-cut Blacky ham. Or how deliciously different a dinner of tapas can be with the chickpea salad, smoked duck and one of their home-made desserts.There aren't many other delis in this area, and Victor Hugo does provide very well for the continental meat and cheese lovers, as well as olive oils, balsamic vinegars and other pickles, and jars of spices and flavours. They have tasty cakes too, although I think the ones atop the counter are bought in (as many can be in delis in Edinburgh).The customer service here is still what lets it down. The staff are always a little confused about who is doing what task, it's slow, there's often a queue. It happens far too frequently, in fact it never *not* happens, for it to be a fluke or coincidence. I do like Victor Hugo for the food, and it's not that the staff aren't nice - it's just ever since my last Sunday brunch incident I've not wanted to sit in, and several times I've had to wait 20 minutes in a queue just to buy a jar of my beloved tomato pickle. Ah well.It is popular with locals, a great spot in the sun for a coffee. The home-made food is nice, and their Supper Club looks good on a Friday night. I'm glad Victor Hugo is my very fine 'corner shop' for milk, rye bread, and houmous. Oh and don't forget the morning rolls. Sunday saviour.
3	Ive had a love/hate relationship with this place for a few years now but I think it's starting to grow on me.. It's in a great position to pick up lots of passing trade from the wide and varied residents and users of the meadows.. As a deli it's fantastic with lots of fabulous cold meats and cheeses to choose from and a wide range of accompaniments from olives to grilled vegetables it can be easy to get carried away - although you have to be careful as it's definately not cheap but great for the occasional treat! They also stock a range of cakes although unfortuneately for me they are still very slim on the gluten free choices although the introduction of a gf chocolate brownie is a step in the right direction! If breakfast if your thing then I'd recommend a good old bacon sandwich (my pre gf days!) with your choice of fresh crusty roll and home made sauces or chutney is well worth the visit! All in all a good place for a catch up over coffee (Not a coffee drinker myself but am reliably informed it's very good!) and a spot of people watching in the meadows, better in the summer (well if the sun shines!) as the outside seating makes for a more enjoyable experience! Oh and if you like this place then why not try their new place down in Portobello which is opening soon....
3	Nice coffee and very nice selection of cheese etc... Ruined by a weird Eurodance playlist they were playing there when I went, incidentally on a "coffee date" with a really nice girl.Lesson learned, don't take a girl there.Or, if the girl's into that type of cheesy Eurodance music, don't invite her on a date ;-)
4	Another branch of Victor Hugo, this time in sunny Portobello. Went here for a coffee and ended up spending a good couple of hours here. You order at the counter (and then pay) as its not table service. Coffee was good. Usual selection of deli items and cakes and they even had gluten free brownies which were lovely and moist but not too heavy. Decent brunch menu and seating outside and inside.Nice addition to Portobello and would return as its a great place for a catch up without feeling rushed.
4	Popped into Victor Hugo for lunch bites, and to order soup. Staff not sure if there is any left, goes to check. Is it still lunchtime I thinks. Quick time check shows it's around 1pm, and wah-hay soup is available; Broccoli & Stilton. Quick service and soup looking good, but thats where it ended. I was presented with a v.cool bowl of soup, chef had not told staff it was cold. Surely that's the first thing to do? I asked for it to be quickly blasted with some kind of heat, that done it was fine, no worries!? Not salty either (another gripe of mine), but it was tasty.Staff helped with wobbly table and straightened it with technical cardboard, so I was happy with that as needed to work. But again something upset the apple cart? BT was only connection for wifi shown here. I kind of thought they used to have a varied connection here?With the chocolate moose cake arrival, which I must say was delightful looking and so easy to eat whipped up so soft and light (more pls), coupled with soy cappuccino was great. I quizzed staff on what happened to wifi and if VHugo still had its own dedicated wifi. No idea was the reply and would check, but guess what - never came back to me.So minuses for no wifi, another for staff not getting back to me, plus another for resurrection of cold soup, after making a fuss. I don't like to critique much but when it wasn't really busy, what can you do - discreet suggestion box?  VH I know you can do better; lots of people agree with this. 4 stars for tasty food, but nothing else.Overall a pleasant place to have food, as it's quieter, has an appealling Italian feel to it with shelves stock full of deli products. Look forward to another visit when I don't need the Internet...may be for late supper as it's BYOB.
3	Whew been awhile since I wrote a review so here goes. Stopped in this place just to see what was up as I was headed someplace else but this place caught my eye. On walking in I saw it was a little deli type coffee shop I guess to put it appropriately. I was over come with joy at finding my first little italian type deli where I could get cured meats, fresh bread, yummy olives and other goodies. I snooped around as any good wannabe food connoisseur would. The products all looked pretty fresh and quite yummy. But what I was turned off from was the prices and unfortunately the customer service. I didnt feel very welcome or the staff was not to friendly like they are in most italian delis and such. I am sure the food is good and all as I only bought some olive bread which I will tell you was amazing and I will be headed back just for that alone. But I was not completely impressed so I will have to come back in again for some deli food and see how the service is again. Because if it is better I will give another star and update my review of this place.
3	I really like this place but the slow service knocks of a star for me. Popped in for a post-run brunch & although it was busy I counted 5 staff. I'm not sure if some were fairly new but no-one seemed to be in overall charge & it was fairly chaotic. The service was really slow - we waited 10 mins to get a pot of tea, the couple next to us hadn't even received their drinks by the time they'd finished their food & our food - bacon baguettes -were cold when they arrived & the bacon was sparse. It used to be so much better.
4	Have had a lovely time chatting with a friend today. Sadly no plugs to charge phone or free wifi. Spacious and gentile. Had lovely prawns on baked potatoe with salad. It was perfect. My friend loved his coffee.
2	I would so like Victor Hugo's to be better! It has all the ingredients but comes up short time and again. Brilliant location and essentially a good business model let down again and again by poor execution.  Often freezing cold too as the door is left propped open in midwinter! The use of boards as trays or plate substitutes seems like a good idea (they look nice) until they plonk them down and spill your coffee (they don't work!  -have you not noticed!!) This is after waiting 10/15 mins for said spilled coffee to arrive.  (In the freezing cold wind tunnel!) Oh dear! Please sort it out.
2	I have been coming here for years and was a little saddened when the previous owner sold up and moved on. However the place was spruced up and new deli items were offered a few years back. For one reason or another it was quite some time till I managed to get back. I have visited several times for coffees over the years and pop in ever few weeks/months for a pizza slice as this is the only place I can find that sells these inside out school pi\zza slices (base/cheese/sauce). I gave up on the other deli offerings some time ago, due to various bad cheese experiences etc.Each time I have the same issue. The staff really don't seem to have a clue about the products they sell or how the work flow behind the counter needs to work. it took 20 minutes for the couple in front of me to be served and for me to pay for a pizza slice and a quiche. This also somehow tied up all 3 staff for each transaction...mmm. Every time I am in there seems to be new staff, previously it was the same staff for years and years. I think this may be where some of the problems lie. Okay for a coffee if you not in a rush, but many of the food items are expensive and seem a little past their best on occasion. Staff really don't seem to know about the products or the service they are delivering.  The good points - Pizza slice- Potatoe Salad- Quiche / Spanish Tortilla- Sit outside over looking the meadows- The coffee- Nice clean, well laid out shopThe Bad Points- The service, it is slllloooowwww- The staff don't seem to understand what they are selling and how the till works.- My missus is veggie and ended up with a quiche Loraine rather than the tomato/pesto one on the signage. Veggies and bacon don't mix well. ;D
