1	This place has improved some but is still pretty bad. The staff was horrible prior to the move from Green Valley to the new location on Horizon Ridge. They have hired a nice receptionist, young brunette, to take over for the bad attitude Asian one, they put her in the back. I always saw a nurse. It took 2 yrs of going here before I finally saw  Dr. Nancy Long.  The Dr. seemed nice but wasn't helpful stating I needed surgery after seeing me once. I refuse to see the nurse Robin anymore. Robin is mean & unprofessional. Robin opened the exam room door while I was in stir ups to have a conversation & made rude comments to me about my medical history. The other nurse Cindy is caring & helpful.  The same experience pregnant or not. Oh yeah & expect to wait for hours.
1	I have been to this office 4 times, and will NEVER go back!  Extremely rude staff, and doctors with absolutely no bedside manner.  About 2 years ago, their office changed locations, and I was not notified.  I did not find out until I drove all the way to the old office!  On that visit they were very rude, and made me feel very uncomfortable.  I thought that I would try them again, and on my last visit they were running 3 HOURS behind!!  Not one of the 10-15 us in the waiting room had received a call to let us know they were running late.  After sitting in the waiting room for approx 45 min, I asked if it was going to be much longer, and was told that it would probably be about another 2.5 HOURS!!  No apology or anything!  I would NOT recommend this doctor/office to ANYONE, and I will not be going back.
1	I have been to this office (Horizon Ridge) on four separate occasions.  Each time I waited for a MINIMUM of an hour.  It didn't seem crowded.  Maybe one or two people in the waiting room with me.  Also, I needed to see someone over Christmas holidays for an uncomfortable infection and they couldn't see me for 2 weeks!!!!  Yes, 2 Weeks!!!  Said they were just too short staffed!!  I will NEVER go back.  I found another doctor who I had no history with who saw me the very next day.
5	Great place .. Every one is soo nice and doctor nancy amazing .. And I won't forget doctor Lualen her assistance , she was the one took care of me in the first 3 months and she is soo nice and friendly and assuring  .
5	My daughter has been to 2 doctors to find a solution for her medical problems. I was referred to Nurse Robyn Trout. I trust this referral because she found a solution that no one could for the person referring us. We went to see her yesterday...and ALREADY FEEL BETTER AND MORE CONFIDENT that we will find a solution with Robyn. We were very pleased. I saw another review that the patient did not see the Dr for 2 years. We were told Dr. Long is not taking new patients but because of my daughters situation she has an appt with the dr in a month. The staff were very nice and VERY helpful because we have to get records from another Dr. I see someone said something about an Asian girl. She helped us and she did a good job. She is not a warm and fuzzy person from what I seen BUT as long as she does her job I am okay with that. People might take this as rude. I do not have a problem with that....means she is not Fake.
