3	So the much anticipated World of Beer comes to Charlotte, smack dab in the middle of South End on the corner of Bland and South.  Opening day was crowded, as to be expected.  I get that the place is just beer, but it is missing something.  It seems like the Wal-mart of beer except for the every day low prices.  I about fell over when a Noda Hop Drop and Roll was almost $9.  After perusing the draft menu, most were more reasonable averaging about $5-6.  Thankfully the place is steps away from a light rail station because anyone who has been to any of the nearby establishments knows that parking can be a challenge.  There is a nice patio with a view of South Blvd, but nearby buildings block the view of uptown.  The place could use some food, but they have partnered with the nearby restaurants so that people can call and have it brought over.  Due to the lack of a parking lot and parking, food trucks aren't going to work here.  WOB will also have live music all the time, never charging a cover.  WOB is a decent place, but I just think their are so many beer places in Charlotte these days that have more character (and usually lower prices to boot).
2	I normally only review my favorite places and don't like to slight a business online as the majority of negative reviews tend to be about a bad server or a one time experience, and considering this place just had it's grand opening yesterday this review should also be taken with a grain of salt. That being said I do already have some legitimate concerns so I am only giving it two stars using Yelp's own definition of "Meh. I've experienced better" and would consider a follow up review at another time if I ever returned.I was excited for the grand opening and had been following their updates on Twitter and Facebook for a couple of months. The first thing we noticed when we pulled into South End was there was absolutely no where to park. The announcement e-mail mentioned 28 spots were reserved for World of Beer in the Circle @ Southends parking garage, but those were full the moment the place opened at 3 so I wondered if the staff had taken those as there are no other options besides parking in a neighboring business lot and walking.  I'm not sure of the towing policies at those lots, but at least for last night we got away with using that method.They have a great layout and plenty of beers on tap.  I scanned the menu and saw a lot of my favorites, but was disappointed that I didn't really notice anything unique I haven't already had at say VBGB or the Flying Saucer.  It seems that still the only place to find some of the rarest beers in Charlotte is directly from Brawleys. As this was my first time at a World of Beer I had no idea that food was not served here.  We had arrived hungry after work and were again reminded of the poor parking situation when we realized food trucks couldn't even stop by this place. They did have a take out menu created from nearby businesses that would deliver to the restaurant, but who wants to go through the hassle.  For that reason alone this immediately puts World of Beer on the bottom of my list of favorite watering holes, but maybe the majority of patrons knew this going into it.So while the atmosphere, patio, and beer selection are all there, the prices, parking, and lack of food keep me from recommending this to anyone except residents that live within walking distance of this spot and have money to burn.  I love that Charlotte has this place now, but unless they are organizing more special nights with giveaways or tastings I probably won't be back again.
4	I had been anxiously following updates for WOB on Twitter and Facebook for the past month and was eager to try this place out. It's located in Southend next to the Bland St light rail station. We walked from uptown, a little over a mile.  There is some limited parking in the Circle garage I saw.  I had read that there was no kitchen so a friend and I brought food in from Jimmie Johns which felt odd but the door guy assured us that it was perfectly fine. Inside is quite spacious and feels similar to other beer joints such as Taco Mac, Flying Saucer, and Carolina Ale House. The patio is decent sized but narrow.  Overall it's a good layout but does not really stick out.  There is a space for a live bands upstairs. They were slammed for the opening so it was hard to judge service but the servers and bartenders were happy to provide recommendations.  Draughts were reasonably priced at $5 - $6 for most brews. Bottles varied, I was surprised to find two of my bottles/cans were $7 including a 21st Amendment IPA which seemed pricey. I see myself coming when I'm craving some rare beers but since I live uptown Carolina Ale House has a similar draught selection and a kitchen that is open until 2AM that may be my first choice.  I would try WOB again certainly.
3	Update: After communicating with the manager, he said there were pricing issues, and that the Hop Drop and Roll was one of them.  He offered me a complimentary one, but I'm not in too much of a hurry to return.  WOB is an ok place, but the negatives outweigh the positives, and they should have had their pricing straight well before opening day.  There are just too many nearby beer places that are better, from VBGB to Common Market to Carolina Ale House to the actual breweries.  Writing fake reviews on Yelp isn't going to help their cause either.
4	500 bottled beers and 60 rotating drafts. What's not to love? Fun atmosphere. Cool idea to have the food menu be local restaurants that deliver to you table. Only beef is the price of the beers.
4	WOW!  What an awesome concept!  World of Beer is a fantastic place for us beer snobs.  Located right on South Blvd and Bland street.  There is street parking or there are spots if you turn onto Bland off South, in the parking garage behind WOB.The interior is inviting with a very long bar, high-tops and low tops.  TONS of tvs to watch the game.  There is also a small patio with comfy seating outside too.There are two menus - one of drafts and one of bottles.  The menus are organized by beer type!  Genius!  We stopped by here yesterday and grabbed a table outside.  Folks had their doggies runnin around - it was so relaxing and chill!I had a great half and half ($6 bucks) - perfectly poured.  If you get hungry there is food available for delivery - see the spiral menu in the back.The one complaint was that one of my friend's drinks was not charged properly when she got the bill.  Once she pointed it out to the waitress however, it was taken care of right away.We will definitely be back!!!  :-D
4	Super cool spot to hang out and if you're looking for a unique beer you've come to the right place.  This place is so new, you can smell the new leather on the stools and chairs the minute you walk through the door.  I can see this place being very busy as the summer progresses.  It's located right below a condo and aparment complex and I would guess to say that the locals make up at least 50% of the people there, so as you can imagine it can and likely will be a hot spot.  The service was adequate, all be it, a bit slow.  They seemed a bit under staffed when we were there so I wasn't too upset.  I think this place is probably on the downside of some hurdles in terms of getting the machine well oiled.  They have live music weekly and even though the patio is fairly small, it makes a great hangout spot with very comfy furniture.  They can also open windows to allow free flow air into the interior space which is nice during those cozy summer nights.
4	WOB will make you WOBBLE!  I am a self professed beer idiot, but I did check World of Beer out this week and was really impressed.  I met there with a friend to discuss a Beer Olympic charity event we are planning.  Thinking we would be inspired we chose to meet at WOB.  Not only were we inspired but we inspired the bartender, which led to meeting the manager and potentially planning an additional charity event at WOB.   If you are intimidated by long beer lists, like I am, tell the bartender what you like and they will give you a taste of a few options to pick from.  All in all I felt very comfortable to return and continue to try new beers.  There is hope for me!
4	Great service and a nice selection. You can try any beer before you order it. Worth a visit for sure.
4	I have to give this place at least a solid 3.5 for beer alone.  The beers are unique and plentiful here, and we happened to come on a night with some great drink specials.  I love to try new beer, and this is definitely the kind of place to come if you want to do that.  The draft beers are listed alphabetically on a separate menu, and then you get a larger, more organized list of beer they offer in bottles.  It's quite extensive.My friend lives in the complex and we couldn't wait for it to open.  When we actually got there, I was surprised by now big it was in there.  They have a large bar with a lot of stools, a decent amount of tables, and even a small patio outside.  They have a couple of large windows they open when the weather is nicer, which brings in a great breeze.  We came on a Wednesday in the early evening, so it was a pretty light crowd there.  Service was really nice the night we came.But I do have a few teensy complaints.  First off, all the tables indoors are the high tables with bar stools.  This is not terribly comfortable for short people like me.  However, the night we came wasn't terribly busy or overly hot outside, so we moseyed outside to the fairly comfy outdoor chairs.  I can also see some problems with parking on the weekends.  They offer a bit of space you can park in the apartment garage as well as some street parking, but this place usually already has a pretty full lot.  That being said, it's located right at a Light Rail stop, so you can always park somewhere else and take the rail in.  Finally, they don't serve food, but we saw a lot of people bring their own, so apparently that's allowed there.  I saw on their Facebook page that occasionally they bring in outside food for larger events.  On a typical weeknight, this is my kind of place - I imagine Beer Heaven would look a little like this.  However, just beware of some difficulty with parking on evenings when it is really busy.
4	I like this place:  I'm a man--I like beer, sports, and women.  This place has them all.  Looking forward to coming back.  Beer:  They have a lot, and lives up to its name.Sports:  Plenty of tv screens.  Friday night is loud so can't hear anything--that's fine.Women:  Saw two girls kissing, it was hot--I'm only human after all.dmo out.
1	Don't allow smoking on their patio. We're talking about a beer joint that doesn't serve food that kicks people onto the sidewalk to smoke. Isn't it enough that people can't smoke in bars? Lame - lamer than lame. If they want to stay in business, they'll learn to cater to people who drink. Also, waitress brought 7 drinks in 4 trips...with about 2 minutes in between trips.
4	A whole newwww worrllddddd, with lots of beer to drink... don't you dare close your eyes!Um. Anyways, World of Beer feels like a strange cross between a real bar and somewhere like the Yardhouse, which with it's cavernous corporate interior doesn't provide the boozy womb like atmosphere that is sort of the point of going to a bar. But WoB, while being partially afflicted with this condition, still feels pretty homey. Amusingly, they don't sell food but provide menus to a bunch of nearby restaurants who will apparently gladly deliver.
4	World of Beer is as accurate a name as any.  They have a lot.  And a lot on tap, too.  The prices are par for the course and the bartenders and serves do a great job of making sure no one is standing there with an empty glass waiting on help.I appreciate the support they give the local breweries, featuring a lot of Charlotte microbrews and under-the-radar seasonals and special releases. They do not have a kitchen and get around the "must provide foods" laws by providing menus for places that will provide prompt delivery service.  Very clever.All that said, it's a corporate joint and all that entails, both good and bad. You know what to expect and it's going to be relatively consistent. On the other hand, it lacks the time-weathered warmth of a local establishment and the mood can feel forced (Of course, I feel like most of Southend has that feel, but that's a different discussion).All in all, it's a great new place with a lot of beers to choose from and it's a great fit for the Southend area that you should stop into and check out.
3	This is a great place to try new drinks. Easily one of the most impressive beer menus in the Charlotte area along with plenty of nice seating. It's surprisingly is not extremely loud and the bathrooms are kept rather clean.The biggest draw back is that they don't server any kind of food, however this is offset by the fact they let you bring food from other places and even will provide you with menus from some of the local eateries. There's not really any games (pool, darts, etc) and few TV's,.They had a band play on their opening night, however I have yet to see another show their. Being pretty new, it seems there still forming their "usual crowd". I enjoy stopping in here from time to time and trying something new.
3	I'd like to take credit for adding the World of Beer "business" to Yelp and I was really looking forward to coming here, but I'll tell you - the parking is the main problem here. Sure, there are some street spots. On one side of South Boulevard. And there are a few in the garage behind WoB, but that's it. Everything else nearby, you are risking getting towed and for me, that's just not worth it.Yes, they have an amazing selection of beer here. Drafts and bottles. Prices are reasonable. No complaints on that part at all.Live music on some nights and when I've stopped in, the bands are quite good.But the parking, oh man. I'd recommend Taco Mac instead. Sorry, guys.
4	The wife and I were meeting a group of friends for a New Belgium Brewing event here on 6/28/12.  First impression was that the place was much more spacious than I thought based on the online pictures.  We were lucky enough to get a good size table for our group since we were there early.  Very good to great selection of beer, but they do seem to have a lot of local/NC beers on tap, which takes away from them truly having beers from around the world.  That being said, they do have a lot of bottled beer with a worldwide representation.  The variety did not make a difference this evening as we mostly drank New Belgium beers due to the event, and I only drank their awesome sour beer called Tart Lychee.Atmosphere was nice.  It certainly got louder as the evening progressed, especially with the band playing, but they played some good music.  Service was great throughout the night, even with our server being more and more busy.  Parking is somewhat of an issue, but we easily got street parking and it is near the light rail station.  They do not serve food but there was a food truck parked outside and they do allow you to get outside food and bring it in to eat while you drink their beer.  The food truck was The Herban Legend and it was awesome food, please see separate review.  I will certainly drop by World of Beer again whenever I am in this part of Charlotte.
5	The word awesome pretty much sums up my experience at World of Beer. Let me say that they are not stingy with the sampling and even sent us over a complimentary "beer shot",  A+ for making your customer feel appreciated! The bartenders also happen to be extremely attentive and friendly. They have a plethora of beer here to try and if that is not your thing consider trying one of their delicious ciders (I recommend the raspberry cider-  Crispin with Raspberry lambic)....yum! They have many beers on tap and an enormous by- the- bottle  selection . They even offer to-go services..in beery carryout cartons.We saw several people participating in a lively tasting so I would definitely consider this for a beer lovers birthday or an after work get together. Also, they offer free valet and parking in the back. I will definitely be back!
3	I'm a craft beer novice but they have an extensive beer selection. Drinkers should be pleased or satisfied. The bartenders are very helpful with suggestions and samples.The main problem with this place is the parking. You can hope to snag one of the handful of street spots or head to parking deck in connected apartment complex. I think you can park there. It's not exactly clear where else you can safely leave your car.
1	The menu and website both say they have wine, but they don't at this location. Apparently they use the same menu in all of their restaurants and the locations in Florida have wine, but not here in Charlotte. My recommendation is to just take the pages out of the menu and off the website.
4	I FINALLY made it out to WOB this past Saturday and I will have to say I'll definitely be back.  I have been known to be a beer snob, but I am also the kind of guy who enjoys some High Life by the pool, se la vie.  Variety is important and they have a very varied beer selection. No liquor, no food, just beer.There are some people out in Yelplandia who may be off put by a bar which only serves craft beers.  Let me assure you that the intoxication you get from drinking quality beers is a much more relaxing experience than the "shot, shot, shot, shot, shot, shot --everybody" style drinking experience found at other nightlife arenas.The vibe here was excellent.  The staff was friendly, funny, helpful, and genuinely wants you to enjoy every beer selection you make.  Not certain on a beer, just ask for a sample, but you may not have to, they usually proactively offer one.  The other patrons were friendly, relaxed, and casual.  If I lived closer I'd be here all the time.HINT: Try a beer shot, I don't know what I drank but it was beer, it was sweet, and it did the job. Important point:  I am only docking it 1 star because I have only been there once, and will upgrade/downgrade my rating as appropriate.
1	Went here the last night of the DNC. Seemed like a cool place but only stayed for a drink after they shut off the DNC telecast (which was happening less than a mile away) because of complaints from a select few.  Apparently shitty music takes precedent over current and LOCAL events.  Only been here once,  but on this night they definitely pandered to a certain kind of crowd....use your imagination.   I took my business to Growlers in Noda instead.  That said, WOB had a ton of good beer on tap and in the fridges plus reasonable prices....just wish they wouldn't have caved to those complaining.
4	I love their beer selection. Lots of drafts and bottles. However, I was a little disappointed at the Oktoberfest selections. I think there was only 1 on the draft menu, and it wasn't anything special, Saranac or Sam Adams.I would rate higher, but sometimes the services is a little slow.I'll keep going back though. Great place to stop by for a beer on the way home from work.
5	Beer.Such a deceptively simple concoction. A few earthy ingredients and a spry (if not gassy) fungus leads to this simple substance that we know and love. Who could have guessed that the world of beer (pun intended) could have so much depth and deliciousness? So many taps, SO many bottles, all just waiting to be tasted. World of Beer celebrates its brew, stocking a huge selection from Asia to Europe and every corner of the US. From nitros to your lights and darks, there's always a great (and quickly rotating) selection on tap. As a local brew fan, I'm always impressed that a full third of their taps tout North Carolina and Charlotte products with frequent tap takeover nights that bring out unique kegs and casks.And delivering the fine nectar into your waiting hands is an excellent staff that knows a humbling amount about beer. Don't know what you want? They can make a dozen recommendations and draft samples will flow. Test them out. From obscure European to seasonal locals, they are the gatekeepers into this wonderful world. As with all good things, there is a cost. Your friends that you shouldn't have won't find $1 High Lifes here. There are plenty of nightly specials to keep one's wallet happy, but unique beers do come with a unique price. Should you bravely enroll in the WOB Loyalty Club, a competitive spirit may drive you to try way, way too many beers to reach milestones that will deliver to you a new wardrobe and glassware. Go forth, explorer, and drink well.
4	Genius idea for a franchise.  No food and just focused on beer.  This is a great place to watch a game or just do some intense beer tasting with a small group.  The only thing preventing this location from a 5 star rating is the service.  If the place gets packed it can take a good while to get a drink but the service is always friendly and they are trained well to make solid recommendations on any beer you're thinking about trying.  Definitely work checking out.
5	Great beer selection!  The people are really nice and it's a great place to watch the football games on Sundays!
3	IF YOU PARK ON THE STREET AND IT TURNS 11:01PM - YOU'RE SCREWEDThat's the 1st lesson I'll tell you because dammit, I wish someone had told me that when I went here! Signs are sparce but it's true - don't park on the street or if you do, move your car before the clock strikes 11. Our waitress told us around 11:20 that we should move our cars, but alas - it was too late for my poor Jetta wagon. 11:01, yours truly got a ticket. So mad! Apparently the staff knew but none of the patrons did, as well all came back from moving our cars with sad looks on our faces.To the beer and service, this place is very good. I am not sure how often they clean their beer lines since my brown ale had notes of pumpkin when I was last in (a few weeks after Thanksgiving), but overall it's a good place close to Uptown with a large variety of beers, tons of TVs and some large corner booths for friends to gather!
4	I have been to WOB a few times over the Summer, great spot. Recently, I heard they had a wine selection added, but no bueno. Stick to the beers for sure. The wines are not great quality and 4 reds/whites to choose from.If you are not a huge beer fanatic, like me its a great place to try a small sample of what you may like. Pretty cool happy hour venue.
2	I have been here a handfull of times now an have yet to be impressed.  If you sit at a table expect the service to be beyond slow.  It has gotten better since they first opened but it is still not good.  On top of being slow I don't think I have met one friendly person that works here.  Most are not rude but just not friendly.  I recommend if you want a drink to go directly to the bar where the service is a little quicker.  They do have a small out door space which is nice to sit if you have a small group (no more than 4 people).  They do have a large beer selection so you are bound to find something you like.  However be prepared to pay, they are not cheap.  I am sure this is due to the fact that they do not serve food (you can order delivery from several local restaurants directly to the bar) so they are making all of there money on beer alone.  It is a really nice space and is well spread out so it never seems packed.  There are plenty of tvs if you are looking to watch the game.  All in all a good place to stop for one beer but not a place I would want to hang at for the evening.
5	As a non-beer drinker, but a hard cider lover, this is the place for me!  It's pretty much the only place in town that has cider on tap and tons of bottle options.  I love the bar, and as others have stated, try to grab a seat there for better service if you.  With about 30 seats, we've never had a hard time finding a seat on a Saturday afternoon.  (I'm too old to be there on a weekend night.)  I love the open atmosphere and the dog patio... it's a great place to hang out on a nice day and watch a game.  The beer selection is pretty awesome for the fella, who's a big Belgian style beer fan.
4	If you can snag street parking then there is nothing to complain about an outing to World of Beer. I ordered a Sweetwater Blue and they offered to throw some blueberries in the glass...do I look like the kind of girl who likes fruit in her beer? yes? Well- you are correct- give me those blueberries! Large indoor and outdoor areas - dog friendly!You can order delivery from several area hot spots like Tavern on the Tracks and yummy Greek Isles- the bar has all the menus and during peak times delivery is free or you can walk to .1 miles to pick it up yourself. Great place to unwind with a massive beer selection that ranges from $3 specials to hit the floor after one high gravity options.
4	My Husband and I were looking for lunch and stumbled upon this place. They do not serve food out of the establishment but offer a menu of four local food joints that you can call and have it delivered.  If it was not for Kaleb(sp?) behind the bar, we would have had a beer and left.  His service was outstanding.  Personable, patient, genuine and knowledgeable.  Awesome selection of beers and immaculate.   Parking- blah but worth the walk!
4	Great place to hang out on fridays after work. Great beer selection on both bottle and tap. However it's a pain to find a parking spot in the vicinity . And the place does not serve any food ! Luckily, one can order food from the neighboring restaurants (ordering extra makes sense- multiple orders kill the mood) . Seems the management does not want to distract the patrons from beer.
1	Prices are STUPID. God forbid you order a Sam Adams Double Agent Seasonal beer - it's $7.00. Yes. $7 for one pint of a beer that is $8.00 for a six pack at any store. Total bullshit.
3	Nice place. Good location. Not sure what the other reviewers that complained about parking were expecting. Convenient garage an lots of on street within a 2 block radius. Beer and lots of it. Overwhelming. Rather generic interior and sluggish service. But good spot for an interesting beer or 4. Mondays are half off Charlotte brews. Great deal!!
4	Have heard some really good things about this place, so we decided to meet up with a few friends there and check it out.Finding a good parking spot can be challenging if you come at a busy time, there is limited parking on the street, otherwise you may have to park in the parking garage down the street and walk (not too far). The atmosphere is open and inviting. There are several high top tables, a few low top tables, and a bar with seating that wraps around the tap area, there is also a small outside patio area that has corn hole set up when the weather permits.The service was friendly and fairly quick, and the bartender & waitstaff seemed fairly well educated on the beer selection and styles. The don't serve food here, but they do have menus from 3 or 4 local restaurants that will deliver here. They will give you a menu and you call the restaurant and pay them, WOB doesn't try to act as a middle man for the transaction or add a fee.Now on to the beer selection. They have about 50 taps, and 10 times as many bottles. A fairly diverse tap selection, ranging from Old Rasputin on nitro, to Boulevard 80 Acre Wheat and nearly everything in between.Definitely a cool place to hang out and get a beer.
3	I've been to World of Beer a few times now and I have mixed feelings about it. Yes they have a huge selection of beer. They don't have any cheap beers so be prepared to spend. I hate that the extensive bottle menu doesn't have the prices listed. Service is generally pretty good even though it gets crowded later on Friday and Saturday nights. The last time I went we had a weird experience where the draft beer my husband received was either not what he ordered or it had gone bad. It was a beer we had both had multiple times before so we knew what it should taste like. He told the server and she brought a different beer, but the other one still showed up on our check and the server didn't want to take it off. She ultimately did take it off but I thought it was strange that she even tried to charge us for it. Also our friend got a Fat Tire in bottle and it smelled and tasted funky. Maybe they don't sell a lot of it and that one was old, but it was weird to have two beer mishaps in one visit. As others have mentioned they do not have food but you can bring your own or order delivery from places nearby. They have live music most Friday and Saturday nights.
3	Tons of selection, a little pricey and can order delivery from any of the restaurants located around the bar.It's the service that is lacking here. There is usually only one bartender working with what look like bar backs sitting at the bar every time I have been in there.I understand wanting a beer after work as much as anyone but I would serve the paying customers before the employees every time.
4	GREAT selection of bottled beer. Not that many drafts to choose from, but still a pretty good selection. Our bartender, Ashley was very nice! We could sample any of the draft beers before purchasing which made us feel more comfortable. Prices were reasonable as well.
3	I've passed by here frequently and it looked promising.  Decided to visit it on a Saturday night.  They picked a really good house band to play live music with a Hootie and the Blowfish kind of feel.  When we got there, the place was buzzing with people playing cornhole and lots of people sitting around talking or playing jenga.Overall the ambiance was nice and clean and the staff was friendly, but the prices were higher than I expected.  I didn't feel like drinking much and did want to try a few beers so I opted to get a flight of four beers of my choice.  It ended up being $15!  I'm used to paying around $6-8 at the local breweries, so it seemed pretty steep to be paying double.I would go back with out of towner guests if we wanted a nice, chill place to have a drink, but I don't anticipate this becoming a regular spot because I can definitely find cheaper, comparable places to drink around town.
3	True to their name, World of Beer is precisely that. You would be hard pressed to find a bar with a greater selection of beer. There is truly something for everyone! Light, dark, foreign, domestic, craft, cider...There are lots of TVs to watch the game (what game? any game.) on. The interior is split into two different areas. The front area has a long bar that wraps around. The tap handles also wrap around the wall. I was amazed at how many taps they had! The back area is very comfy and a bit quieter. They also have a great, little patio to enjoy when the weather is nice. The servers were all pretty friendly. My only complaints, it was pricey and parking was challenging.You can find their daily draught selection online. You can see if they have a favorite on tap before you go. Trivia night is on Wednesdays. Need a bite to eat to go with that beer? No worries. There are nearby restaurants that deliver. On some days, a food truck parks right outside. I'd return but I won't be a frequent visitor.
4	We live in walking distance to World of Beer so I cannot comment on parking at all! We go to WOB pretty much every Wednesday for their trivia. I'm, personally, pretty much awful at trivia but, hey, I can just sit back and drink! They have an incredible beer slection and the staff is excellent. They are very knowledgable about the beers on tap. The only reason WOB is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is the price. The beers are pretty pricey. There are drink specials every night but they arent posted that well. If there is a tap with something hanging around it, then it is on speical.....you never really know how much it is on special. Though, on the other hand, I appreciate craft brews and don't mind paying for them!PS- No food here. JUST beer! Though, there is always food trucks parked outside and restaurants in the area will deliver to the bar.
5	Went with my wife on a sunday at noon. We were the only couple there. Bartender was extremely knowledgeable with all the craft beers. Heard it can get a bit loud at night with the band but why not its a bar! We ordered food off the delivery menu which was really cool. When we venture to that side of town ill definitely stop in for the newest seasonal im sure they will have it on tap!
5	What a selection. What? 500+ beers in one place? WOW! How do I choose? Great place to hang with friends for a few of the 500+ suds.
3	get here early if you're playing trivia!
4	I love this world of beer.  The beertenders are usually all awesome and are very knowledgeable about the million different beers they have.  They also have their own special concoctions that are  fun to try.  Though there is no food here, you can bring your own or order from the menus that they have behind the bar. Also, what's great is on Sunday's this place is empty making it a perfect spot to enjoy some football.  Good beer and great employees what makes this place special ( even though it's a franchise)
3	Came here for a beer tasting event and felt the venue was subpar.  This is more of a review for the beer-tasting, rather than the bar itself - the bar has always been pretty damn good.You would think that WOB is a good place for a beer-tasting event given their name, but it just didn't cut it - I'd rather go somewhere else.  At the very least, if WOB is going to promote beer-tasting events, I highly recommend that they get a server or whoever that's really into beer.  Compared to the other places I've been for beer-tasting, we didn't get any enthusiasm or explanations from the service staff.  To me, that really detracts from the whole experience.  Instead of engaging in beer snobbery, we were subject to beer flights that came out whenever someone ordered a flight.  We were handed a piece of paper telling us what the beer was, but nothing more.  It was the equivalent of ordering four beers and just drinking them.  Didn't feel like a beer-tasting at all.  *Maybe a nice touch would be selecting beers that aren't so standard at the Charlotte bars given their wide array of beer selections*I couldn't give this place less than 3 stars though.  Bradley was born here (inside joke) so it will always be special.  I'll be back here ... but not for beer-tasting.dmo out.
2	Basically a sports bar with a good beer selection, if that's your thing. Nowhere comfortable to sit, no food
3	They had a few ciders on tap, which made me happy. Also had some bottles. Beer selection is good. Can't say much more as Charlotte has a lot of good places to find great beers now and wob just isn't convenient for me.
4	I met here to grab a beer on a Thursday night.  It wasn't crowded, so it was nice to sit and just talk.  The high top tables have stools that spin - making me feel that kid urge to just sit on the stool and spin around a few times.  Not a good idea with a beer in your hand, and a little socially awkward...I thought the layout was nice, bar, tables, booth or two.  I think there's a room in the back that would be nice for a little get together.  There was a food truck (school bus) outside, providing food that they don't serve inside.  I think Thursday is ladies' night, or half off local brews or something.  The selection wasn't up my alley, so I opted for a full price woodchuck.  I think this place could be really great of you hit the right "specials" night, with a solid food truck out front.  This experience wasn't quite that, but I believe it to exist.  I'll be back, maybe not often - but in hopes of that great night.
4	WOB is a pretty cool place. I live really close by so for convenience purposes, it's a great place to kick back and have a few beers. The beer selection, as expected is outstanding and the staff is really friendly. I have just recently started expanding my beer pallet so I'm always looking for recommendations and suggestions on different beers, and the staff is usually able to point me in the right direction. The prices are a little high for a beer (generally about 5-6 bucks a piece) so I try not to come here too often and the fact that they don't have any food is a little disappointing but I guess if you're a beer lover, this is the place to be.
4	Exactly what the name is. Servers and bartenders are knowledge of all beers. They have wine for those of you who don't care for beer and rumor is in a few weeks they will have liquor. Ask for Jess as a server.
2	I agree with the two other reviews above. I ordered 3 Giness drafts and my bill was $21.. $7 a beer is outrageous! I live across the street and I will not be returning.
4	I love this place for trying out just about any beer you want to try! Service is great and they can always recommend a beer if you don't know what to drink or what you want. The only bad side is they don't serve food but plenty of places nearby will deliver here.
2	I have been here multiple times and finaly said enough was enough. Great selction of  beer. No food, average service and the band plays from a balcony. The male bartenders have no personality- unless your a woman under the age of 25. Lots of places in Charlotte with good beer selections and a lot better atmosphere.
5	Such a fun place with great beer selections, and recently they've added liquor as well. The drinks are delicious and the service is amazing!
4	Awsome beer selection and nice atmosphere, service was pretty good.   Only downside is that it is kinda expensive for beer.  Overall a fun place to grab drinks
1	Poor service. Extremely high prices! Insane pricing yet on yelp they say "$$ Price range Moderate." Yea right. Let me say it's most definitely $$$$ Price range Very High.
5	I've always liked going to WoB. The beer selection is unparalleled, as you'd expect. The young male bar tender with a couple of tats has always hooked me up with good beers whenever I wasn't sure what to get and always seems friendly. The service is always very attentive when I'm there and the trivia was cool. Overall great..I just wish they had a couple of beers from Switzerland on their menu!
2	I like going to WOB for drinks.  Their cucumber martini is really good and worth a try!  They have lots of beer options like you would expect.   The service tends to be less than average especially for a place that doesn't serve food.
3	Cool spot to grab a drink. Great beer selection.
3	Went here for the first time a couple days ago. The service was terrific, but the prices were quite steep. Between my friend and I, we had 2 Belgian beers for a grand total of $26 before tip. I realize that Belgian beers are more expensive, but that's the most I've paid for them. Probably will not come back anytime soon due to the hefty prices.
4	I'm here just about once a week. Great and ever changing selection of beer, all the local favorites and food spots just a walk away. TV screens all over, Jenga and board games. They even have a selection of blended brews. If you're ever in south end, stop by.
4	GREAT selection of Beer.  Good setup with live music, food trucks, and events going on all the time. Lots of TVs to catch every game that's on. Overall, it's a great place to grab a drink!
5	WOB is an awesome place! They have sooooooo many choices and they offer great make-your-own-flights if you want to try a bunch of them! The prices are very reasonable. They do not offer food but huge kudos to them because they offer a menu of places nearby that will deliver to you. This includes amazing choices like Greek Isles, etc. in addition to the typical pizza/sub options. It is a great atmosphere for some weekend day drinking.
1	TERRIBLE!!!!!Bartender made eye contact with me (as I was asking for service) THREE times and chose to ignore me every time!! Instead he ran off to serve people who walked up to the bar (in the same area of about 5 feet of my spot at the bar) after I did and after I made eye contact with that same bartender (I was also waving to ask for service). Absolutely unacceptable!Good luck getting a drink when the young guy with dark hair is working. It is impossible!!There were two good bartenders but the AWEFUL batrender prevented me from closing my tab and made me wish I hadn't spent one penny at this bar!!! At least they'll all get to split the mandatory tip that I'm forced to leave since I could not close my tab properly! I suggest management think very carefully about their hiring choices. I'd have a hard time going back knowing guys like this are hired and in staff here and I have no problem at all telling all my friends why I'd rather not go to this bar given the risk of having to deal with this dreadful bartender who will ignore a customer for no reason whatsoever,
