4	First local bar experience in Vegas.So I met up with a potential roommate I found off Craigslist here. He was worried I was going to be an axe murderer, so he wanted to meet in a public setting, where everyone there knows him. The bar itself was pretty hard to find, since it's built in an area that is newly developed. Despite what Google Maps tells you, the roads aren't connected and you will need to find this place on your own. I had to call in advance because I was lost, but the bartender was friendly and gave me pretty good directions. The tavern is located at the end of a residential street, which is the last place I would find a bar. The bar itself is new with pool tables and video poker. Drinks are cheap! 2 bucks for a domestic beer, 3 bucks for import. Pretty quiet when I went, but the guy that I was with says it can pick up on really odd nights. Overall, pretty good experience.
2	I guess this place is OK if you live nearby but there is no reason to go out of your way and this place is definitely out of the way.. Dark, depressing atmosphere. Usually dead inside.Food is just OK and actually overpriced. I ordered a Tuna Melt for I believe $8,95. I got the smallest tuna melt I'd ever seen. Seriously, I left still hungry. And oh yeah... this place has the TIGHTEST VIDEO POKER MACHINES IN ALL LAS VEGAS!
3	Well it's definitely a family-run establishment. That's for sure. I wasn't terribly impressed with the place but I am happy that it's located just down the street from the new home we bought.The staff was really nice but not very professional. This is definitely not a place for date night unless you're trying to get trashed to see where the night goes. As a family-run organization I learned more about the family than I ever wanted to know; the good, the bad, and the ugly (and I wasn't inquiring). I wasn't too enthused when I saw the waitress from the restaurant next-door, which the family also runs that compliments the bar, come into the bar and take cigarette breaks between helping her customers. The food, however, was surprisingly delicious. I decided to try the porkchops because of so many people that commented on how good they were here on yelp. But better than the porkchops, the eggs were really delicious. I've never had eggs that were as good as the ones that I had the pleasure of eating here. It wouldn't surprise me if they were raising the chickens in the back of the restaurant and treating them like celebrities. These chickens laid some good eggs. It could be part of the reason that it took close to 45 minutes to an hour to get my food. I'm a bit concerned for them though, in the future when this area becomes more developed, I imagine that there will be a competing bar and restaurant that will be built, and unless they change some of the service quality around the restaurant, they may be hurting for new business and stuck with "the regulars." Well this is only my first visit so I may have to update my review in the future and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. My experience wasn't the best and nothing to write home about (only Yelp about), but I'm not sure I expected much in first place.Pros: 1. It's a bar with good food that never closes. 2. It's very conveniently located to those who thought it was a good idea to buy a house out in the middle of nowhere (like my wife and I).3. Suspiciously good eggs.4. A family-run organization with friendly staff.5. Happy hour specials 6. A pool table and other entertainment7. They seem to know stuff about what's going on in the community.Cons:1. A family-run organization with slow service and TOO casual (baggy jeans and run-down tennies? Come on now.)2. A bit disorganized.3. The staff will gossip and you'll hear about why dad is mad at person A because of something that is person B's fault, yada yada yada. 4. Under-furnished; bland decor.
4	I feel like I need to apologize for my previous review (partially at least). I did the whole ASSUMING thing, and you know what corny people say about assuming... Anyways, I assumed the bar and the restaurant were connected in some way, at least ownership-wise; they ARE connected literally. This assumption led me to some criticisms about the waiting staff at the restaurant. Since these two businesses are separate, I felt the need to clear the record to be fair.That being said, the couple of times I've stopped by the bar since, I've been pleased with the service and the atmosphere has been pretty cool. The food ordered from next door has been pretty good and this is usually the reason I stop by. The bar is located in a great location for people in the area, it's spacious, and there are plenty of amenities and seating is plentiful. There is no draft beer which is a bit of a drag and decor could use a "facelift" for lack of a better term. Most of my complaints were related to the below par service going on next door. The bar, on the other hand, is a slightly above-par neighborhood bar. Not bad. Not bad at all.
5	Good spot for local mountain's edge homeowners! no draft but it's a great place to relax and have a drink! Definitely my new local beer spot!
4	This is a great "local" bar near mountains edge. It's not very big but it's a great relaxing place! Food is served until 9pm by the country cafe which is attached to it. This is out in the middle of no where but once the Cactus overpass opens up this ace will become more busy. Great for business, sucky for the mtns edge locals. Great service and close to home! I will be coming back here again!
1	I want to like this place since it is the only place literally in Mountain's Edge! I have been to the Bounty 6-12 times since it opened. I spread the visits  out with a dull hope of change. The problem is it is nothing special, lifeless, and there are simply much bettter places that are close to frequent instead. There are no beers on draft (about the last of its kind in Vegas), no happy hour, no drink specials, and no food specials. $4 for a bottle of bud :(Once the cactus overpass opened and I received a flyer to come give them a try, I thought perhaps it shall be another Happy Hour option for a co-worker and myself. Nope, not a good choice! Walked into a dead, lifeless bar - no specials. $4 bottle of bud and I slunked away... What other options are there that are close with happy hours and specials? Rounders, Home Plate, (2) Lodges - Cactus & Rainbow, "Off the Strip", "Barcelona Tapas and Bar", Montanas, and Blue Diamond Bar. Those are simply the ones close. Of course if you are on foot you might be limited to the Bounty...
