5	Girls Night In FTW!My company does a MAJOR holiday bash - and we all want to look and feel our best.  So Serenity's Girls Night In couldn't have come at a better time.  5 gals from work booked a variety of services, facials, massage and spray tanning.  The staff worked with us all to schedule everything, and even sent us a nice confirmation itinerary. When we got there, we were greeted by name, even though it was the first visit for all but one of us.We had a couple people who had never had a massage before and were a little nervous, and the staff made sure everyone was comfortable with the process.  While waiting for my massage I was able to browse the various vendors who had come out for the event.  From Cookie Lee Jewelry, Pampered Chef and Tupperware to Scentsy Candles and Knock-Off Purses, it was a great shopping opportunity as well.We all feel glamorous, relaxed and ready for the holiday party!
5	After Christmas Relaxation! The day after Christmas my sisters, my mom and I went to Serenity and each of us had a one hour massage. Before I continue I would like to preface this by saying I too am a massage therapist so I am very critical when I receive them but I am delighted to say I enjoyed my experience and massage at Serenity.I had a Swedish massage by Jennifer and she was wonderful! Jennifer greeted me with a smile, escorted me to the treatment room then asked if I had any issues she should be concerned about and what area(s) I would like focused on then allowed me to get ready. The room was clean, simple and dimmed perfectly and when I laid on the massage table I was pleasantly surprised to discover a table warmer. The simple version, Jennifer is warm and professional, her massage had very good flow, she did not break contact during the massage and her hands warmed as she massaged, which in my opinion is a true test of a good massage therapist.
5	My husband and I travel quite a bit, and we've been to many spas and resorts.  Gotta say, we were really impressed with this place.  The facials we got from Krystal were very thorough (we're glowing) and the deep tissue massages from Eric and Isabel got our chakras in line for sure.  The spa is well appointed, rooms are large, cool, unstuffy, and comfortable.  Queen Creek is a little off the main drag, but prices are very competitive, and a this is a great value.  We visit Phx often, and I'm definitely coming back.
