5	Hemp Ice Cream! Oh Yeah ! HEMP...yup. Weed-Ice-Cream. That's what I had last year when I went there on a humid-hot day in Montreal. I also tried some nice fresh sorbet and some homemade icecream. Great place. Employee are fun; it's always some good looking girl that works in those shop.
5	I literally felt in love with this place. First, the staff was so friendly. They offered me to taste some flavours to help make my choice. I finally got a cup of English cream (traditional cream without anything artificial) of chai tea flavour. Delicious. I'm definitely coming back!
5	Here it is.... Montreal's BEST ice cream shop!This is NOT your typical Nestle stocked ice cream parlor. The flavors & varieties are mystical. I'm not even a sugar fan, but this place is worth a visit.
5	So happy to have stumbled on this place, it made for an absolutely perfect end to the evening. My girlfriend had the salted caramel and I got the cardamom. Yes, that's right, cardamom. And it was fantastic. Creamy, hugely flavorful, like a big beautiful chai tea on a cone. No place to eat inside (it's tiny) but get yours to go and walk the streets, it's a nice neighborhood with plenty of people watching to do.
5	First, they have a great great name. I chuckle every time I pass by them. A great hommage to the cows we have to thank! But then, this is hole in the wall is just that, it looks a bit.. neglected. :( Don't fear and let yourself be tempted by all their weird flavours on the little blackboard (strawberry cheesecake, salted caramel, lavander, rhubarb sorbet, dutch chocolate). So you've crawled into the yellow shop, and now you're facing all sorts of pots thinking: "it all looks a bit dull". Yes, it does. You see, Meu Meu uses all natural ingredients, including fresh cream, so everything looks a bit more bland without the extra color additives, but thankfully that has nothing to do with the rich fatty taste!Now take a big breath and look around you. Meu Meu offers so much more than ice cream!! Sorbet, Soymilk ice cream, but also ice cream sandwiches, blizzards, banana splits and fruit smoothies. Find all the little cues above the enthusiastic salesgirl!Now that you have your ice cream, in either a little bowl, or a sweet or waffled cone, comes the real fun. Where to sit?! Nowhere! The art of going to Meu Meu consists of ordering at exactly the right time, so that you'll have a place on the benches on St-Denis. Otherwise, you're doomed to err on the street with your melting cone, and when it'll have been eaten, you'll find a place to sit. So you'll have to come back to Meu Meu.Alright Meu Meu, 5 stars, but it's really because you're so darn lovable.
5	A long line of eager customers, and it's easy to see why. The ice cream and sorbets are just divine. Flavours you might not necessarily find elsewhere, and oh so good. Not cheap, but worth every penny and calorie.
4	Wow, what an interesting selection of flavours! I tried both balsamic vinegar and artic fire (a mixture of lavender and black tea). Both were fantastic and definitely something different. There were many other flavours, sorbet and even some milk-free choices. Definitely worth the visit.
4	A little hole in the wall ice cream place not only with a variety of ice cream but a nice variety of sorbet as well. I am usually not one to get sorbet but I did, I got rhubarb and boy was it awesome!
5	A bowl of handmade creamy sweet goodness from Cremerie Meu Meu is really something special that is worthy of tasting again and again.Not only is their ice cream handmade, they use high quality all natural organic ingredients. They even go so far as to use disposable spoons made from corn plastic that biodegrades. The tiny little shop lacks seating but is loaded with character. It's pretty clear that every scoop is made by people who care.The greatest thing about this shop is their ice cream. They've got a smorgasbord of basic and rather more creative options using the finest natural ingredients.  My favorites are pretty tame and include the fantastic tasting head spinningly strong rum raisin and the classic organic strawberry.
4	Nobody needs an excuse to enjoy good ice cream. They have a variety of options to choose from, ranging from the basics to those that are more creative and indulgent. Meu Meu's heavenly ice cream is made with love from scratch and organic products, and is totally worth it, even if you're not a sugar-addict. It's good for the planet, too!
4	The ice cream here was delicious! It was really rich and creamy, and I definitely recommend it. It's open late, which is also really convenient. Unfortunately no seating space.
