4	had my Toyota truck' s water pump, transmission and radiator replaced last summer by this shop. thought the water pump might of been leaking and even though the wAIT was over 2 Hours long the new shop manager seem too perform all necessary tests to make sure it wasn't. so fAR SO GOOD.
4	FINALLY!!!  An auto repair shop I TRUST!! my 2000 Dodge neon was on its last limbs.I got a quote at Dr. Auto on Craig and the $$ quote was outrageous$$. But thankfully someone recommended that I try AA so I gave them a shot and am I glad I did!! I needed motor mounts, an ignition switch, and i needed a starter because some dumb-dumb I work with banged the sh*t out of it "trying to be helpful" basically destroyed my starter. but AA fixed everything!! and I LOVED THEIR PRICE!!  they also fixed my power steering and air conditioning!!!II love AA auto!!!   Bobby is the owner. A very nice guy, very helpful. and Terry is one good mechanic. I definitely recommend them.
1	I wouldn't go to this auto repair shopI've been constantly having to return to this place because of the engine shaking where they kept telling me it was the "fuel injectors" well today got all of them changed and behold it's still doing the exact same problems after paying them to "fix it."  Never returning to this shop again
4	Good price on full synthetic oil change and its quick and easy and got my tires rotated for free.  Need some other things done they said but seemed a little spendy.
5	I have a Volkswagen beetle and I went to AutoZone and got a battery and they told me that they could not put it in for me because it was too difficult. They recommended I go to AA auto care that they would put the battery in from me.  They not only put it in for me but didn't even charge me 1 cent. Thanks so much!
2	The dude in the front, charging people and what not..(probably the owner) was a little in over his head. He thought he was bigger and better and came off super rude... He seemed honest though so I trusted him when he said "your tires are practically illegal, you need new ones" so as a responsible, paranoid human, I bought 2 new tires and then I show my friends my old tires and they all said I could've used my tires for a little longer... If it wasn't for the mechanic that took me home while my car was in the shop this place would probably get a 1 star....My biggest pet peeve is guys in auto shops trying to screw over women, in this case I feel a little screwed over and pissed off! Don't go out of your way to come here.
5	It is so difficult to find an auto repair shop that you can trust... especially if you are a woman! I found AA Auto Repair due to a coupon that came in the weekly flyer.  I followed it up with a visit to Yelp. I was very pleased with my experience.  I had brakes with pads and routers done for $60 less than Big O.  But what I was most impressed with is when a mechanic came in and told a woman waiting in the room with me "you don't need brakes. I'm not going to sell you something you don't need".   At that moment I knew I found a trustworthy place!!
1	CROOKS. I called in before to ask how much for an oil change and he gave me a price of $14.99. I specifically asked of there was any additional charges. The person said no I wouldn't need a special filter. When I came in to he said it would be $25.00 cause I needed a special filter. Then he asked me if I wanted the free tire rotation and brake check also asked me if I'm the one that called. He knew he quoted me $14.99!!!! So I just walked.
5	I must say Bobby and the guys at AA Auto rock! They are fair and believe in taking care of the customer. I purchased an 04 navigator, realized the alternator was bad after a dealer diagnosis. I took my vehicle over to aa auto and they fixed it for much less than the dealership price. I really trust these guys with all my vehicles. They serviced my truck fast and efficiently and with a smile. This shop oozes integrity.  Do your vehicle or a favor and take it to see them. You won't be sorry.
5	went here to get my alternator fixed, apparently it was just a cable to the alternator that needed to be fixed, they fixed it with no problems. I went to pick up my car the next day & once i had gotten inside I noticed they had broken the button on my shifter, which you press to change through the gears. I talked with the owner who was more than helpful. He said he would get another shifter so they could replace it. We organized a time for me to come in & now they are replacing it as I write this. What I like most is they are fixing something they did wrong rather than just say we didn't do it, I can respect the work they do, I will now be coming here for any of my mechanic needs as I know I can trust the shop!
1	I  went   To  this  place   Last  week  for  do  the   Smog check  for renew my  plate    ,  the  did  it  and  the  owner   Or  managnemt   Told me   The  truck  dont  pass  the  test   I  can  check with the computer  what is  the  problem   With 65.00  for   Review  the  truck    And  if   Need to  repairs   Something  will be  extra  i  felt  like   Something  is  wrong   I  took  my  truck   To  other  place    The  same  day   And   Pass  the  smog  test  i  think  this  auto  repair  center   Just  want  get   You  money   Dont   Matter  what   I  dont   Come  back  that  place  never
5	I had my smog check done here, the service was quick and I had excellent customer service, with the result I go there every year to get my car done, the waiting area is really clean and there us a TV for entertainment.
