3	I've been to Aldi stores before, back when I used to live in IL, so I was familiar w/ the layout.  If you've never been, it's like a miniature Sam's Club, but with generic-brand products and no membership fees.  If you need a cart, you may pick one up at the side of the store by depositing a quarter, which you may then retrieve by returning the cart when you're done w/ it.  There usually is just enough room for two small-sized people walking side-by-side pushing carts one-way, so just keep this in mind as you go through the store and its mazes.  Just because most, if not all of the brands here are generic, it doesn't mean that Aldi doesn't sell quality stuff!  I was pleasantly surprised to find ORGANIC turkeys sold here the day before Thanksgiving.  Too bad all of them were about 12 pounds or larger, or else we'd have bought one to try, and I'd have one more thing to review here...The reason I wanted to post something about my Aldi visit was to say that chocolate lovers must, if you haven't already, try a few of the European chocolates sold here!  You may find them among one of the first crates to your left as you enter the store and proceed forward.  Two brands we tried were Choceur [dark choc, milk choc, and milk choc w/ almonds (those w/ a hazelnut allergy would best stay away from the almond bar-- it contains hazelnut paste)] and Moser Roth (chili dark choc).  While the Choceur milk chocolate and almond bar was delicious (not too sweet!), I did feel the room spin as soon as I had a bite (I'm able to eat toasted hazelnuts w/out problems, but hazelnut spreads and chocolate-covered hazelnuts do cause allergy symptoms).  I'm savoring a few pieces of the dark chocolate variety as I type this... Mmm, and it's so melt-in-your-mouth creamy-dreamy!  If you're a bit daring when it comes to mixing chocolate and peppers, then you may like Moser Roth's Chili bar.  I didn't find it as spicy as my baby sis did, but then again, she doesn't really like spicy dishes (she orders a "1" when at a Thai restaurant that serves dishes ranging a mild 1 to an inferno 5), but the flavors harkened to the times when I tried Mexican hot cocoa and churros made w/ Ibarra chocolate....My older sister's MIL LOVES the brownie mixes here!  I can't review it, as it contains corn products; However, the aromas that wafted throughout the house while it baked sure smelled delightful!  (The beautiful cracked surface of the brownies also teased me until I finally had to turn away before I gave in.  LOL)
2	Aldi stores are owned by the same people that have Trader Joes but don't let that excite you. Aldi comes across as Trader Joes slovenly brother. Everything is pretty bare bones. There is an odor present; not entirely unpleasant but nothing that makes you go oh boy. Instead of being greeted by lively Trader Joes team members who respond to your every need you instead have one - maybe two if you're lucky - cashiers who generally looked overwhelmed but are pleasant enough. Your shopping experience will be eerily quiet. No music playing and people shopping in silence. So many retirees on Wednesdays that there must be some kind of unofficial over 65 specials. Palettes stacked high and low with wacky off brands that could only be sold at Aldi's. Sometimes their weekly flyers show an interesting item on sale but its invariably never there when you arrive.There are one or two items I purchase in bulk periodically; I always wander thru and see if there might be something - anything - that I could use but it's always a bust. I don't want to seem too down on this store because it obviously suits the needs of many others; I'm just not the target market. I guess that's why they also own Trader Joes...
2	I wasn't sure what to expect going to Aldi. I was prepared for everything being generic, no name items. I loved the low prices! It was amazing. I wasn't prepared for needing a quarter for a cart. But whatever, nothing was a deal breaker. The thing that irritated me was @ check out, the cashier wasn't very friendly. She was tossing all of my purchases into the cart without any care. Then as I tried to pay, she tells me they only take debit, not credit. I can't for the life of me remember my pin, I never use debit. So I have no choice but to give back everything. She takes my cart & tosses it with the returns & sits back down in their ridiculous chairs they sit in while they check you out. I had to wait on my friend behind me, empty handed and not an ounce of sympathy from any employees. I'd rather pay more @ a grocery store and not leave feeling like crap.
4	Most products are brands you've never heard of, but they're almost always at least as good as the brand names, and often better and cheaper.  Most of their products are available all the time, but they have specials on items that are only available for that week.  These include food items, but also random products like house fans, pool toys, or a stainless grill that we got for half the price it sold for elsewhere.  Grab the circular on the way outThey take many measures to make the stores efficient to run with as few employees as possible, but are pretty good about making sure they have enough registers staffed as needed.  A few things that you'll want to know about in advance are that you need to put a quarter in to take a shopping cart, but you get it back once you return it.  I'm assuming this is to save having to pay for someone to round up carts all day, but also keeps the parking lot from being littered with them.  They also don't bag for you, they put your items in a second cart, which you take to a long table where you bag them yourself.  Bring your own re-usable bags, or you can buy paper ones for a few cents if you don't have any.  They only take cash and debit, not credit, probably to save on transaction fees.One interesting thing you'll notice is that since the store started in Germany, they're laid out to enter and shop clockwise around the store, as opposed to pretty much all US stores.
