5	Great group of folks, very helpful, seemed to enjoy their environment. Happy to support a local shop, wish the one closest to my house in MN had the same cushy mushy feelings when I walked in the door.....but, I'm glad I found just that here while on vacay  :)2 bikes tuned & cleaned up including 1/2 inch layer of salt from traveling across country on the back of the Land Rover, 2 flats fixed, 1 gear replaced......and we, just like Willie Nelson, are ON THE ROAD AGAIN!This review is based on a visit 1/31/11.
5	Wonderful group of guys. I wanted to try out this one bike that no one had. Sure, all of them could have special ordered it for me but all of them said "you'd have to buy it then" so I called these guys up and they were going to order it for me without commitment!  Since they were not sure of the size, one of the workers actually brought his wife's bike for me to size and try it out. I ended up buying another bike that they didnt carry however I bought my boyfriends bike from them because of their excellent service. I also will get my bike serviced by them instead because they are not all fancy and superficial. They are down to earth guys that will give you the time of day and is NEVER TOO BUSY FOR YOU!This bike shop is 30 minutes away from me, and trust me when I need a bike serviced this is where i'd go. 30 Minutes is worth it.
5	Came here based on yelp reviews and a convenient location. Though a very small shop and not totally is easy to spot, it was exactly what I was looking for between available selection and knowledgeable staff.  I was given a ton of options on bikes based on where and why I would be riding it having my best interests, and price range, at heart.  Bought a bike through Kailen(sp?), upon recommendation, that was special ordered and received within 3 days! When the bike arrive I was "fitted" properly for it so I was 100% comfortable riding it.Great group of guys very knowledgeable and friendly. You get great prices and thorough service. Whether you want a casual bike or a high tech racing bike this place can supply anything you need. They genuinely want to make sure EVERYTHING is right for you before you leave here!
5	This local bike shop is the best at what it does, the guys are friendly and knowledgeable with all aspects of wheeled contraptions. I have had everything from baby stroller wheels, cruiser tunes, and mountain bike repairs done here and they rock. Great place to bring your rollers and get them repaired or tuned and the staff is always available to discuss your needs, great guys....AZD
4	Great guys. Great service
5	Walked into this shop for the first time last Sunday, 20 minutes from closing, desperate for a part I had broken....always a dark time for anyone who has worked in a shop.  I not only got exactly what I needed, but had a great conversation with one of the folks there.  In many shops, the wrenches will hide from customers towards the end of the day....not here.  It's out of the way for me, but I'll be back.
5	Great shop that supports ridding in AZ. Check out one of there group rides on Wed night or Sun morning.
5	Even though I practically opened the store with them, they were eager to help. Walked out with some great deals on thermal riding gear. For a small shop. this place has everything you could need.  The staff was super friendly and answered all questions I had.  Would return anytime I'm back in the area.
5	Great shop with friendly knowledgeable staff.  Well stocked for all mountain and road biking needs.
5	These guys are nice and always eager to help! This is my goto bike shop now. They ride and always seem to be having fun! Keep up the good work!
5	I was visiting Cave Creek and joined the Wednesday night shop ride. Three miles in, I discovered my bottom bracket was toast and had to turn around. Kaolin stayed late to get my bike running again so I could get in one last ride before heading home to rainy Portland the next day. I appreciated the extra mile and the level of knowledge exhibited by the shop employees.
5	Recently bought a road bike from this shop. Went from hybrid to lighter weight bike in order to traverse the Carefree hills more easily. From start to finish, including fitting the bike perfectly to my size, the service was exceptional. Have ridden 50 plus miles and bike performs extremely well. LOVE IT. Thanks guys. Everyone was great!  Highly recommend this shop.
4	Met my needs for basic tune-up. Completed as scheduled. 5 day turnaround seems excessive for local shop though. Also, tattooed worker not the friendliest. Could stand to be a bit more customer friendly. Don't feel a great desire to recommend shop based on how valued (or lack thereof) I felt as customer.  Maybe hard core bikers get better treatment.
5	Outstanding service as always. Have had wonderful experiences with both sales and service folks since purchasing our bikes early this year. No pressure sales and great tech info for the asking. New locations just west of the old shops looks promising and should have great new features to come. Thanks again!
5	Awesome bike shop with great customer service and really nice people.  I was shagged after doing most of the Spur Cross loop and stopped in to see how far it was back to the trailhead.  Mike gave me an electrolyte icee and offered me a ride back to my truck.  I declined out of embarrassment although I really wanted to take him up on it.  Anyway, super friendly staff, my hats off to you guys.  See ya soon for one of your group rides.
5	Called the previous night to schedule a pedal changeout on my mtn bike.  "No problem just stop on by, we will change them on the spot ". They did just that, very quick, efficient and genuinely interested in the bike and my riding background.   Great to visit a shop where you get a good vibe people are helpful and customers all seem happy to come in...  Thanks again for the work, I'll definitely return...
5	The Flat Tire is great! The staff is very knowledgable and friendly. I wouldn't go anywhere else ever again! Thank you guys for the great service!
5	Purchased a Salsa El Mariachi Ti from Flat Tire a couple months ago.  All of the guys were incredibly easy to work with & very friendly.  Each of them was a wealth of knowledge- amazingly keen on mechanics & bike fit.  I can't wait to see their new store location as well!Thank you Manny, Joey & Kaolin!!  Highly recommended!
5	I've been a cyclist for 25 years and have been to many, MANY, bike shops for repairs and maintenance.   These guys, especially Kaolin, have really impressed me with the two bikes I've brought in over recent weeks.  They are simply excellent.  They get jazzed about working on the bikes especially when challenged.  TOTAL bike geeks!  And they are in the same building with a fantastic coffee/beer/wine bar.  Can't beat it.  I've found my new shop!
