5	Amazing. Everyone is so friendly and the salon is spotless. I have had great tans at Maui tan. Check it out....you will be happy you did. THANK YOU MAUI TAN!
2	Ok, this is the closest tanning salon I could find to my house. The beds are ok, the receptionist seems annoyed all the time, and their prices are pretty high. I signed up for a VIP membership for a few months (75$ per month) and I had to leave the country so I had them cancel it. Well, they kept charging me even though I reminded them to stop before June and signed a paper and all that jazz. They payed me back, but still, make sure you check your account so this doesn't happen to you. Also, the owner was there one day and looked at my account and told me I had one tan left. Then I came back the next month and the receptionist told me I actually had another month of tans. I was frustrated that the owner herself would misinform me. Really odd.Also, it was hard at first for me to find it, and even then I couldn't tell if it was still in business bc all of the stores around it have gone bankrupt.  Overall, it got me tan. But I spent too much and the staff was not always helpful.
5	Maui tan girls are amazing. They've added a boutique that is amazing. The beds are from beginning level to level 5. Nicole the owner is a sweetheart. They are not big corporate & I believe in supporting our local small businesses
4	Always a smile when I walk in.  Never have to wait.  I really like the boutique and love to browse their jewelry, hats, shirts and dresses.   They have a great supply of tanning lotions.   Very clean and nicely decorated.   I had one bed in room 3 today that needs adjustment on the top bed cover.  Wouldn't stay up at the height I wanted and I felt like I was going to be stuck and locked inside with it all the way down on my body and only 1/2 inch from my nose.  Eeery.  That freaked me out.  I told the gal at the desk and she immediately apologized and said she get it looked at right away.  That's why I'm only giving 4 stars today instead of five.  I felt very claustrophobic, like I was in a coffin!  Then I started thinking about that one horror movie where the girl got locked into the tanning bed and fried and caught on fire.  Thank god the timer went off or I would have started yelling!  When I tried to open I had to push really hard as if someone was sitting on top of it.  Panic immediately set in and I pushed that lid open hard and fast and jumped off.   Ok I let my mind go out of control.  Now I'm laughing about it, but I told her to notate in my file on her computer to never put me in that room again unless they fix that.   I still stand by my 4 star because my experience coming here has always been great and the gal seemed to take my experience seriously.
5	Everything you would want in a tanning salon.  They help you find a plan in your budget and give discounts on all lotions. It is very clean and well maintained. The girls always have a smile and are always willing to help with any questions. The p90 bed gets you brown fast!!
5	I miss Maui Tan...I moved to Phoenix and I haven't been able to find a tanning salon quite like this particular Maui Tan. The salons near my new home have  so  many added costs. Maui Tan was simple...no contract ...no 'one time fee'...etc. I miss the salon and the staff at Maui Tan. To be honest...it might be worth the fourty minues it will take me to get there...It really would be worth it!michelle
5	I highly recommend this salon, from my first experience I was greeted with professionalism and smiles! From going to Celebrity Tanning to Maui Tan you definitely know the beds are clean and sanitized every time. The staff at Maui Tan are very polite and helpful with any questions or concerns I had or just advice that I needed at the time. Each room has there own wipes to take your makeup off or to wipe away the lotion (huge plus since I come from work).  I will not go to any other tanning salon after coming here!
5	I have been going here on and off since it has opened its doors. The owner is so nice and she even opened up a clothing boutique next door to the tanning shop. Very cute stuff. The pricing is very reasonable and they always have coupons out.
5	The staff is always so friendly and I love that they remember my name when I come in to tan! The salon is always clean and organized. I will never go any where else to tan.
