5	Wow, another brand new Buffet, & is it ever good!  This is a small Pakistani place serving about 40.  The food is unusual compared to the other Indian & Pakistani Buffets in the Valley, a little spicy, & everything I tried was just great!  There were about 20 items out today, which is enough, & some hot flat bread was brought to my table.  The staff is friendly & the Buffet VERY inexpensive at $5.95!  If you have a sense of adventure in your dining, you want this!!     :-))They keep Halal, open at 11 AM, & are closed Monday.
4	We had missed Aromas which had been in this space. Kabob is a worthy replacement. Went today for the lunch buffet. Very delicious food well prepared. A mango chicken that was fantastic, a goat soup that looked good. The rice is outstanding as was the dal. Had a nice mango lassi. Will definitely go back.
4	It is definitely delicious and worth it for the price of the lunch buffet! However, be warned that that is all they have during lunch. My brother, who had been here before for dinner (no buffet), said there was a completely different atmosphere for dinner and that the food was about 10 times better. Staff is friendly and thought we were cute since we were the only non-Indians around (probably one of the few Chinese groups they too haha).Whatever you do, don't get the sweet paan (some coconut and other stuff wrapped in a leaf of some kind)!! They made it sound wonderful, and I was tricked. I wasted $1 on each of them and left with a mouth tasting like soap (my palette, albeit, clean). Otherwise, good experience. Will have to come back for dinner some time.
4	Great, newly managed, Indian restaurant with an amazing lunch buffet!My girlfriend and I were looking for a Indian buffet place so that she could experiment with some different Indian cuisine as she is new to Indian; we found this place on Yelp.  The buffet was small but the food was fresh!  The staff was friendly and the owner stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our meals.  Great food, great service and extremely low priced.  We were almost thrown off by a $5.95 lunch buffet (weekdays it's $4.95) ; but decided to give it a shot anyways.  We were very impressed and look forward to going back before the price increases (owner indicated that they were keeping it low to incentivize new patrons).  Wonderful, quaint restaurant in the Chandler area.  Give it a shot!
4	Very nice treat for your taste buds! They care for their customers and it shows. Nice experience. This is a dinner review. Will be back for lunch.
4	What a bargain this place is, veryyy inexpensive and real indian food. The buffet is really good and the service was very personal, the owner of the restaurant came over several times to our table and gave very good advice on what to get. Everything was fantastic.
3	Went for dinner on a weeknight. Prompt courteous service and decent food.  Low prices.  We did not see a menu just asked for the special.  Great way to try out new food.  We will be back to try the buffet for lunch.
2	This place might be too authentic in its food preparation. While some of the dishes we had were good, one was not so good and one was prepared badly. The Mango Lassi (a yogurt drink with mango mixed in with) was fresh and flavorful. The goat meat curry special was tasty. The plain puris/naan bread was warm and buttery. So far, all good. However, the small (free) dinner salad starter was very boring, even with the yogurt based dressing. It had almost no flavor. Authentic? Maybe, Tasty? No.I can not recommend the chicken curry (#19). It wasn't advertised as boneless or all white meat, so I expected bones. I wasn't surprised when the larger bones are cut in half. I can even go with the flow and accept it as authentic when the chicken wing bones are cut in half. However, when the tiny rib bones are not only left in but cut up into small pieces, that it too "authentic". I had to dig out over ten small pieces of bone from my mouth.Other than that, the decor is mostly plain and like a small cafe/diner. OK for a quick meal, but not a place you might go for a romantic diner. The service was uneven considering we were only a couple, and there were only 6 other people there. One curry dish came out with the naan, and we then waited longer than expected (5 minutes) for the second curry dish. Both dishes should have been served together. Then we even had to wait longer for the rice. Both curry dish sauces were savory, so the rice was important to our meal to further enjoy the sauces. The server was attentive too us, but very soft spoken. The hostess was also attentive and much more people oriented. Prices were reasonable, although the small bill they presented showed the amount charged for tax as if it was another item ordered off the menu, so it did cause a little confusion when paying the tab.
5	Great find.  Authentic delicious food, great service, family owned.  Love it.
5	My wife and I have visited the Kabob & Kurry a number of times, and we have always loved their great food.  Definitely the best $5.95 that I ever spend on lunch!  Unfortunately, the shopping center lacks an anchor tenant so very few people know that this little gem even exists.
4	Very good. The good: The food quality is top shelf. Made to order. The owner couldn't be nicer, which is rare in Indo/Pakistani places sometimes. The bad: Small restuarant thrown together on a shoestring budget, the strip center where it is located is kinda dead and somber. The NAan is the only dish that is definitely below average for the food. The food is so good it deserves a nice thin garlicy Naan bread and not that thick pizza dough type they are serving with it.We will definitely be back. Note: The buffet, is not a you serve yourself kind, she brings you a fresh sampler platter as you request it and it's great!
3	This review is for dinner that I ordered to go -   I will go back for lunch (buffet style) soon and update my review.The owners are SUPER nice and friendly.Chicken Tikka Masala was very tasty, big chunks of premium meat. Spices were good. Only draw back was there werent many pieces of meat, maybe 5-7.Naan  was slightly above average, two large halves.Dinner portions seem priced high, since they don't come with rice or naan. I spent $15 for these two items.
5	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =These folks are only putting out the buffet on Saturday & Sunday now, starting at 12 noon.  On weekdays, you can order a combo plate and get all the seconds you want, free.  The owner says it's ok if you want three or four different items also.  They just don't want to waste food on days they don't do as much business.For me, it's worth the wait for Saturday or Sunday & have real Buffet at this excellent little Pakistani restaurant!     :-))
5	We've been here twice. We saw an ad somewhere, and drove over since it's fairly near our home. The restaurant looks like an average small restaurant in an average strip mall. We got there at 11:00 on a Saturday and were told they opened at 12:00. The sign outside said 11:00, but who are we to argue, so we went and wasted time at Goodwill till 12:00. Then we went back.We almost skipped it, because it didn't look like it would be worth an hours wait., I'm glad we waited. Don't expect a review saying this dish tasted like it was made in Pakistan or that dish as reminiscent of one we had on the shores of some Pakistani river. I don't know the names of the food, and I don't know what it tastes like in whatever country.It was really good. I don't know what I eat at these places, but I know what I like and I like the food here. There's hummus, which  I DO recognize, and I don't like hummus, but my wife does, and she  liked it a lot,, so I'll defer to her and say it was very good. I had different dishes with chicken, and some with beef, and some meat balls. All were delicious. The thing my wife and I BOTH drooled over was the naan., It's the best I've ever tasted. It's plain naan, not garlic or any other flavoring. It doesn't HAVE to be, it gets its taste from the foods you eat with it. Please, do yourself a favor and try this place out. We've only been here for the Saturday buffets, but I imagine since the full menu is usually better than the buffets in most places, you can't lose any way you go.
5	Based on all the Yelp reviews that I read, I decided to take a ride to Kabob & Kurry.Those of you who have read my reviews know that I don't mince words.  It is what it is.  So here is what I have to say about K&K:Distance:  a little far from my house, but that is my problemDecor:  Very simple, but nicely done.Cleanliness:  Excellent from all appearances (although I did not check the kitchen)Bathroom:  Very, very clean (good indicator of the place)Service:  Very friendly. The server offered us water several times and came to see if we liked the food.Food: The buffet had a variety of middle eastern and Pakistani dishes that were kept well stocked.  And the taste of the food was: DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS.That is all I have to say:  DELICIOUS!Did I say DELICIOUS????But of course I said, DELICIOUS.You have to get to this DELICIOUS buffet and try it for yourself.  As for the YELP rating... How do I give a place 10 stars?  I will be back because as I said to you before, it was:DELICIOUS!
5	My fiance and I read the fantastic reviews online so we popped in today for lunch. We ate the buffet and definitely will be back. The staff is super friendly and gets to know you on a first name basis. Food is awesome and the warm garlic naan delivered to the table is to die for. We learned today that they also cater! Stop in and give it a try, we are glad we did!
5	great food and service . I tried flavors i never tasted beforeee  and i love them !!!
4	= = =  FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = =Stopped back in here today for the Lunch Buffet, which is now held on Friday through Sunday each week.     :-)This is a small, simple restaurant with just a 10-item Buffet, but the food is very tasty & some of the dishes have been brand new to me on each of my visits.Today's selection included Choup Chicken, Chicken Kadai, Chicken Tikki Masala, Daal Palak, mixed vegetables, warm red Suji Halwa, Chana Masala and Basmati Rice, with warm Naan bread brought to the table and Farni rice pudding for dessert..  The three chicken dishes and the Chana Masala were especially good.Lunch Buffet is priced low at $6.99 and if you enjoy South Asian food, you're sure to like this place!     :-))
1	This review is for eating there. We have never tried their buffet, so don't know about that..The service was horrible though one saturday night we ate here. very slow service. we were practically filling our own drinks at the fountain.. no condiments brought with food. no chutneys brought with pakora.. forgot to bring our drinks.. super expensive lassi.. paneer dish had practically no paneer in it, it was mostly all onions.
3	For starters let me tell you that this place far exceeds most Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the valley.  But I also wont give anyone and everyone five stars just for food. What makes me kill the stars in this place is the following:1) Service: the sole server probably has never served before professionally and lacks the service skills required to be a good server. Things like having difficulty witth the order, 1st check back 35 minutes after initial order. Conversing with the kitchen staff in plain earshot of the dining room.  So impressed by a dish she saw for the 1st time she took a picture of it with her iphone at the diners table (with permission of course but that was weird). 2) Value for the money (this is the big one):  If these dishes were a few dollars less I would be in here every few days. I just by principle dont want to pay much higher prices for foods that shouldnt be that high priced. The average entree is $10+. So I ordered 3 entrees 3 naans and 2 soft drinks and left with a check over $40 before tip.  The same exact meal in other valley restaurants will be closer to $30.  So there are a lot of interesting eccentricities of this place. Its owned by a local physician who I happened to see tonight probably post-surgery since he was still in surgical scrubs who came in just for a soda and then left. Their are a number of menu items that you have to order in advance at least 24 hours to have... one such item which was apparently the only one ever sold in that restaurant is called the Dual Kabab... its an indian tur-duck-en because its a chicken kabab wrapped in a beef kabab. Its easily 2-3 inches in diameter and resembles a kielbasa. I called in advance and the waitress forget she had high chairs and said they didnt have one. They only have one so word of caution: BYOB : Bring your own Booster!Overall this place has potential to be a competitor in this market of Indo-Pak food that was for the longest time monopolized by a few large players. What they really need to do is bring their prices in line with reality and get a little service staff and this has a chance of becoming a real killer place!!
5	Great service and amazing food. Flavors and heat are just right. Will return again and again !
5	I was pleasantly surprised by their Garlic Naan And their Chicken Tikka Masala. The naan was soft and pillowy and the masala had chunks of good quality chicken. This restaurant is really tasty.
2	Before coming here we had gone over to Copper Kettle only to find the entire restaurant closed for a private party.   I yelped the nearest Indian and Kabob n Kurry had decent ratings and fairly close to where we were.    We ordered the vegetable qourma, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, samosa's, and mango lassie.    The vegetable qourma was a mixed back of frozen vegetables that was to put it mildy disgusting.   Chicken tikka was actually not bad - however more sauce that chicken.   And the chicken pieces were small I felt like I had to fish into the bowl to find them.   Garlic naan was weak - too thick, had the consistency of a focaccia bread.   Lassie was actually pretty good.   Samosa i think were frozen bought also - very thin and fried to so hard it was tough to even cut w/ a knife and fork.Staff consisted of young girl and an older women who claimed she ran the place.   Young girl was very inexperienced, never came back to refill our waters, and forgot our samosas (there were two other tables w/ guests!).   Manager was more involved in checking herself out in the glass window and texting on her phone; though she did ask us how we were doing it was not very genuine.I'd recommend elsewhere for Indian food.
4	Excellent food and service, only thing would be that the portions are a little small for the price
1	I went here with a groupon.  I was very dissapointed with the food.  We ordered sweet and sour chicken and curry chicken.  The food was served in a small soup crock.  The S and S chicken had a very very small amount of meat, it was mostly bones mixed into a broth which was actually not even safe since you had to hunt for the bone to not eat one by accident.  The dish was 13.00 and worth about 1.00 at best.  I would not eat here again even with a groupon.
5	This is my go-to place for Pakistani/Indian cuisine due to its proximity to my home and the exceptional quality of their food. The naan here is simply better than any other  Desi restaurant. My favorite thing to get are the chicken wraps, which I highly recommend. On the few times we've catered from them they have had nice prices and excellently prepared food on a prompt schedule.
2	Portion sizes are extremely small, which is weird for an indo-pak restaurant. Food is alright. The owners were nice so they get 2 stars for that. Probably won't be coming back here.
4	Went for lunch, walked in and the place looked empty. Not even food in the buffet. Then a waitress showed me to a seat and said there was going to be a lunch platter. It was really good. Fresh nann, chicken masala, 2 kinds of rice as well as 2 dishes I had never had before. Great price too. Great lunch spot!!
3	Groupon visit. Looking at past reviews the primary gripes are price and speed. Confirmed. It was not a cheap date -$41 for an appetizer, two entrees, two naans, a fountain drink, and a lassi. In spite of this, I loved the food. The appetizer we had was the pakora - in this case it was just onions, but it was excellent. For entrees I had the chicken seekh kabob and my dinner partner had the pearl chicken kabob ( I found it to be "Meh" but my dinner partner loved it). The seekh kabob, as near as I can tell, is chicken kefta with chile flakes - you know, all these cultures in Alexander's empire have the same basic variations of meat on a stick, so some overlap should be expected. As far as I can tell, the kabob items are all served with a pile of raw onions mixed with cilantro and raita (cucumber/mint yogurt condiment), but I enjoyed the sweet/piquant flavor of the onions with my kabobs.  The naan was super buttery, but the taste of burnt garlic really hangs around a bit too long and too strong. I suspect that's an acquired taste. Pro tip: order too much and take some home - I made a breakfast of my seekh kabob leftovers, including the onions and raita, and loved it. So what brings this place down the three stars?  Service is a bit slow (thankfully I wasn't in a rush) and the prices are a bit steep. Also they were out of beef. I really wanted that beef seekh kabob, but if I guess right I didn't miss anything as it's just kefta with chile flakes.  Will I go back? Yeah, I think so. There's enough on the menu to hold my interest.
3	Great staff, great Naan.  The food is ok
3	Been here twice and already I see a pattern. The first time was just after the Groupon came out and they were crazy busy, so I wasn't going to ding them. This time, we were the only people for dinner but they were out of several things.  The service was slow and clumsy.  The food is GREAT but portions are too small. Prices are too high and everything costs extra.  I want to like them more, but the food stands alone as the only good part.  Oh and the interior is absolutely painful. Cheap tables and bright fluorescent lights.  Operating rooms have more ambiance.
2	So so food. Not tasty at all. Its at the same standard as others Pakistani restaurant. Tasteless food all over the place in phoenix region.  i still like and prefer curry corner over other Pakistani restaurant out here.
5	A big group of friends and I went to Kabob n Kurry for my husbands birthday. It was absolutely wonderful! The staff was friendly and the food was delicious. There were about 10 people in the group and we were all really impressed and each one of us said we would come back. We got the lunch buffet platters and it was great to be able to try so many different things. The chicken tikka masala was probably the best I've ever had. The kabob was different than I've had before (a ground meat and spice mixture rather than seasoned cuts if meat) and i really enjoyed it. Super flavorful! My other favorite dish was a side dish of potatoes. We joked and called it Indian style potatoes au gratin. My cousin (who had recently returned from India)!said that kabob n kurry is the most authentic Indian food he's had in the states. We'll be back for sure!!!
5	Wasn't quite what I expected in terms of the buffet and decor but food was pretty good and service was outstanding and that made the visit worthwhile
5	Excellent food, great service, and friendly people.  If you like the cuisine, you have to to try K & K!
1	Horrible food! We had the dinner buffet and there was barely anything left on the buffet counter. The quality of food they served for $11.99 is unbelievably bad. Extra salty dishes, half-done naan, weird tasting chicken tikka masala- very bad experience.
4	Food was good--  the tikka masala was incredible, as was the naan. Everything else was good, just not outstanding. Was a bit disappointed that our Groupon was not honored-- the hostess said that the previous owners posted the Groupon and they've been trying, unsuccessfully to have it removed. She made up for it with quality service.... we were the only people in the place at the time, so we had her full attention. When I'm in the mood for Indian/Pakistani food...I'd go back.
3	We went to Kabob n Kurry recently since we had a Groupon to try it.  The night we were there, they were serving buffet.  There were four main dishes offered, with varying spice levels, as well as mixed green salad, rice and a dessert.This is a tiny, family-run restaurant in a strip mall, and it would be easy to miss if you weren't looking closely.  We met the owner's daughter, who was very welcoming and gracious, and spent some time just chatting with her.I hope to get back here soon and order from the regular menu.
4	Came here lunch today and the service and food was absolutly incredble. All the food was the perfect spice level for my friends and I. Garlic Naan was nice and soft. ill definantly be back.
5	Went to Kabob tonight for dinner and it was absolutely amazing! I'm super picky when it comes to indian food but this actually hit the spot. I told my server what level spice I wanted because i'm scared when it comes to choosing the levels of spiciness but the cook definitely got it right! We will definitely be back again soon!
3	Tried this place for the first time the other day. The food was pretty good! I had the chicken tiki masala with some naan. Really really tasty! My only issue on why I only have 3 stars, was that the service was a bit odd. I walked in and ordered to go, but she told me the price at first was $14.95 (I got tiki masala and one piece of naan ... A bit pricey in my opinion) then she forgot what she said, and decided to charge me $16.95, but then charges my card $1695.00. It was fixed, and luckily my card did not get shut off, but still a bit sketchy when I'm told one price and get charged another.Still would go back and try it again!
4	The biryani is the real deal! The kabobs are very delicious too :D This is our go to place when we crave biryani!
1	Very Disappointed.  Came in to grab lunch, a wrap to go.  What I got was a naan with a few teaspoons of chicken and chutney...for $7!!  They didn't even give me a bag to carry it home in.Will not be returning.  I see the good reviews, and all I can think is that people haven't had good Indian, or perhaps the sit down experience is much better than the to-go.
5	Awesome.  SO GOOD! We had an event and they catered the food.  It was hot, fresh, and delicious!  I'm going there SOON.  The owner Omar is very kind and great to work with.  He obviously takes great pride in his restaurant, and it shows in the quality of the food.  A must-visit in Tempe!
