2	Decided to go here instead of my normal Chipotle fix. I had the roast beef and turkey club.,it was loaded with lettuce and tomato but definitely not eat. Just a few slices of each and maybe cheese. It was hard to tell under all he veggies. The bread was really tasty, seemed fresh! The  sandwich, chips and a drink was just over $9. A bit pricey for what you get. There are some other sandwich shops motto far from here that have better food at a better price. It seems this store just opened. The staff was friendly and the food is prepared super fast. I will give it another trying few weeks to see if this was just a new opening hiccup.
4	I eat at Jimmy John's every once in a while when I'm on campus.  I'm so glad they opened one closer to my house! Apparently they've been at this location for a while, but I found out the other day. Better late than never.The wait at Jimmy John's by UNLV is not very long, but when I came to this location, there was no one.  I sat down and my sandwich was ready.  The guys that were there were really friendly as they greeted me when I walked in.  I ordered the #6-Vegetarian and I love that sandwich! For having no meat, it tastes really good and has flavor.  There's provolone cheese, sliced cucumber, lettuce tomato, mayo and some avocado spread.  I believe it was white bread, but next time I will order it on wheat.  But it was still good. Looks like not very many people know this place is here, so inside is super clean and organized.  The location is great, right by the Galleria Mall.  Although I will be fighting my taste buds between here and Chipotle.
4	I've had Jimmy John's before and it's just as good at this new place they opened in Henderson. Staff was friendly and the place was clean. See you guys again soon
4	nom nom nom! this place has really great sandwiches. although not having gluten free bread is ok because they have any sandwich you would like in a lettuce wrap. I love the beach sandwich it is super delish.
1	I had Jimmy Johns brought to me by a dental rep today and it was missing 3 things off our order and when she called to ask them to bring them to us the Manager argued with her and insisted that everything was there... We had 8 witnesses that it wasn't and he still said it was.... I love Jimmy Johns but this location has a manager with no customer service knowledge... So which ever manager worked 7/24/13 @ lunch time needs some talking to!!
3	Good simple cheap subs, reminds me of the ones back home in mom and pop shops. small menue but it works for them, good for a cheap meal :)
3	Good sandwiches as usual, but the service at this location is not into the details like the other locations I have visited.  As an example, when my sandwiches were ready, (which is ultra-fast) the gal put them up on the counter, here you go...  I asked for a bag, and she points to the counter below and on the other side of the ledge, and says (while touching them) they are right there....  OK, really?  Just details, but you couldn't hand me one?  So, I reach over the ledge and down and get my own bag.  Maybe they should put the bags ON the ledge to clearly display it is self-service.But again, I like the sandwiches.  Cucumber, lettuce, tomato all very good on my Tuna on wheat.  My husband really enjoyed his Club, he wishes they had bacon, but since I like the tuna so much, he deals with the no bacon issue with few complaints!
4	First time eating here and it won't be my last!!!For anyone who is looking for a quick, quality sandwich under 10 bucks I would highly recommend Jimmy John's. The service is excellent and one of the first things I noticed is how clean the restaurant was kept. I order the Gargantuan and it was a filling sub. Cold cuts were fresh, sliced thin, and piled high. All in all.. Great sandwich! Cant wait to explore the rest of the menu.
4	The "unwich" is what makes me a fan here.  I love sandwiches wrapped in lettuce.  You can turn any sandwich into an unwich on the menu.So lets talk about the service, or more like the "Jimmy John's attitude" as I like to call it.  Every business has a vibe.  I have been to three different Jimmy John's and one of them was in a different city, yet the vibe was the same.  I liken it to the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.  They know they make a good sandwich and have a menu above your head, so you figure it out, order it and it will be out to you soon.There is no friendly chit chat and no warm and fuzzies, but they aren't rude. It is just a certain attitude that has become what I consider the Jimmy John experience.I appreciate that and I love the unwich.  I am a regular.
4	Pretty good sandwich spot. Super cheap and super fast like they advertise. Nice people every time my husband and I go in. It's really clean on the inside. Never busy when we go in. I will definitely be returning!
3	Normally good, today it's terrible. When I placed my order, the girl seemed bored, sleepy and uninterested, not to mention practically inaudible. When I got my food, it was screwed up- no extra mayo, and I wanted peppers on the side but they put them in the sandwich. When I told them they did, the guy who made it said "no, there are no peppers in that sandwich." I had to bring it over and ask him what they were, to which he replies "peppers."  Still, 3 stars since the other 3 times I've come here its been great.
3	Great food.  Subway is just so tired compared to JJ's   You'll never look at Subways after a Jimmy Johns.  I would normally say 5 stars for food, today's delivery was 27 minutes and we are close.
5	Fastest service I ever had. My sandwich is ready as soon as I order out every time. Great quality. I haven't been to a Subway or Port of Subs since they opened this location.
2	I love Jimmy John's. I've been on a kick recently and have had Jimmy John's three days in a row. Today, I ordered a sub for delivery for once. I love going into the store. But delivery..... ehhhhhhhhhhhhh. I waited for more than a half hour before I got my sandwich. I've had Jimmy John's deliver to me before, and they lived up to their "freaky fast" slogan. But more than a half hour? I know it's Friday night but damn. I've had pizza hut deliver faster than that and their delivery slogan is NOT "Freaky Fast." Freaky fast my ass.
2	I kept seeing a few people at working bringing JJ's for lunch. I finally decided to give it a try after recieving a flyer in the mail. Sometimes I go through these phases where I'm obsessed with certain types of foods. Right now, on my cheat days it's sandwiches. I went into JJ's and ordered "The Bootlegger." I handed over my debit card and after one swipe the "sandwich artist" handed me my order. I don't know how I feel about that. Although you want fast food, it just gives you that feeling like: "Was this already sitting here from a refused order?" I don't know. I felt awkward in that place. There was nobody in line, and I felt rushed. Plus, one of the employees was just standing there while I was being rung up staring at me as if he was waiting for me to leave. I'd only been there for 2 minutes! Makes you think of those movies where a robber is in the back holding someone hostage and they say, "OH SHIT--here comes a customer! Get rid of her quick or I'll kill you."While I was ordering I asked if I could have specific stuff like cheese for example and she explained there's only one kind. All of a sudden my sandwich was in my face. It was just handed to me like "BAM! Now get out!" No words--no nothing. What if I said I was allergic to something, or decided that I wanted to change my bread choice---or didn't want the sandwich all together. (Then it will be sitting for the next person--haha)Weird. I was a little disappointed by lack of choices to put on my sandwich. Maybe I'm just spoiled by options. When I got home I put my own dijon and regular mustard, some horseradish, onions, salt and pepper. If I have to add my own condiments to a SANDWICH---2 stars only. Plus---they were really weird. Those Jimmy kettle chips were the bomb, tho!
5	Crazy fast. Decent sandwich but better than subway or jersey mike. The bread is good, sandwich could use more meat but overall good. And did I mention it was really fast? I had my sandwich before I had my change and receipt. If you are looking for quick service and a good sandwich it is a good spot.
5	My Jimmy John's addiction is one I hope I never break.  We always get the #12 (turkey) and the #13 (veggie) sandwiches and they've never disappointed...EVER.I don't know what kind of crack they put in the mayo, but it's something awesome, that's for sure.The bread is outstanding and we've even bought the day-old a few times and brought it home to put in the freezer.  Awesome to make garlic bread for pasta dishes with!The service at every JJ's is always great (barring one experience at the Lake Mead Parkway location) - but this one is particularly friendly...so even though I have one a little more convenient to me...I'll still go the extra 1/2 mile to my Sunset JJ's 9x out of 10.
1	Stay away, dirty tables, loud music and enough mayo to chock a horse! Seems to me the only ones enjoying the place was the employees! Yelling back and forth like they were the only ones there. Never going back!
5	Super fast deliveries and tastes great!Portion sizes are also perfect in my opinion. Highly recommended.
5	Seriously a life saver, ok maybe not a life saver but there are very few places that will deliver to my work. I downloaded their app which was made really well it's really easy and convenient. I have tried a couple different sandwiches and they have all been good, their pickles are amazing, and their chips are great too (I like the bbq). Every time I order they are very fast and always very nice. If you haven't tried them yet, you should, I get the sandwich before I get the confirmation email.
5	I have been coming here for a quick sandwich.  It's the default place to go when i can't pick anything. The staff is super friendly and the service is pretty fast.
1	I love Jimmy John's and I usually go to the one by my house on Windmill and Eastern.  I was Christmas shopping at Galleria Mall and was craving a sandwich so I looked online to see when the Jiimmy John's across from the mall closes, 9pm, great I can make it. I walked in at 8:39 pm and it looked liked they were already closed! I asked an employee if they were closed already and he stammered "well, umm, yeah, we're closed already!" I said "Really?!!!"  I just walked out, annoyed!
