4	A fan of the original THBH on Camelback, I was thrilled to see one opening very close to home. Not only is this a great addition to the neighborhood, but it will bring the addition of several inches to my waistline. The owner of this branch, Cindy, was working the register and couldn't have been nicer. And, a 3-pack of tacos for $5.00 was a deal I couldn't pass up. Carne Asada, Chicken and Fish were my choices. These are all well-sized tacos, making this more than a meal at a great price. All 3 were tasty and I look forward to getting back soon to try their wide variety of hot dogs. I never thought I'd be so happy to see hippies move into the neighborhood.
3	We were super excited to find out there was a Beach House opening by us!  The place was clean and the staff was friendly.  We ordered a variety of items and saved the tacos for last.  The food took a long time to come out (they weren't too busy) but you can attribute that to being new as well.  The main issue was I found a piece of chicken bone in my taco.  Hopefully this is all because they are still new.  We will give it a try in a few months to see what has changed.
5	I haven't written a review in a while, but I wanted to break my silence to sing praises for this new Two Hippies location.I love having a place in my neighborhood where I can get quality, veg-friendly "fast" food.  The menu offers vegetarian tacos, burritos, loaded quesadillas, veggie burgers and tofu "sloppy joe" rice bowls in addition to a full selection of meat for you carnivores!
4	We were hankering for a new taco place.  We were super excited to see that there was a new two hippies.  Upon arrival the place had zero customers.  I asked the owner how long she had been open and had some small talk with her.  She described some of the items on the menu and it all sounded super good.  She is very nice.  I ordered a passion fruit lemonade.  The lemonade is definitely worth just stopping in.  Not too sweet, not too tart and it's blended!I ordered carne asada taco which was "alright."  Sorta bland...I also ordered a chicken taco which was better and finally the shredded pork taco.. Stick with the pork.. it has a great green chili sauce on it.  Overall great flavor.I'm rating this place at 4 stars because it's low priced, decent food and the owner was a really sweet lady.
2	I was excited to try this place and it looked really cute when we walked in.  We took our tacos to go and when we got home we were really disappointed.  We both got 3 taco plates... chicken and carne asada.  The chicken was dry and the carne asada was unflavored beef.  Overloaded with vegetables and most flavor was the onion on the taco.  I really hoped it would be great, but it wasn't.
4	OK this place is a nice break from the work day. We love going here for lunch or dinner. Great decor, staff  and fabulous food at a good price. I mean 3 huge tacos for  5 dollars is a deal (esp. because nothing is fried). My favorite thing about this place besides thier buffalo chicken sandwich (on special days) is thier frozen lemonaide. They come with an umbrella and I love the cheery feeling I get  walking back into work w/ my to-go unbrella drink.
3	First time here and ordered the #7 a hotdog with red meat chili cheese and onions. I got the combo with fries and drink for $6 can't beat the price. The dawg was pretty good the chili meat was pulled carne meat I think (not what I was expecting) it was a bit dry but the fries were really good. The menu looked good and price is right I will probably go back to try something else out.
5	Let me start off by saying that I LOVE hippies. They make me smile. So I was so excited once I moved to east Phx and now have 2 two hippies close by. I had never eaten at one before and I had high expectations. My first experience was nothing less than stellar. I went with a hot dog with jalapenos, onions and cheese. They dog was definitely all beef. They sliced it in half and loaded it up which made it that much better. And the bun was lightly toasted which always adds nice texture. I also got an order of fries. They were my kind of fries for sure! They were the crinkly ones and seasoned. They were not to crispy which is how I like it. The prices were very affordable as well. I can't wait to go back to try some tacos. Fish tacos are next on my list!
4	I am a huge fan of all the two hippies locations.  I happen to see this location when I was driving home one night.  It is definitely the closest one to me.  When I walked in I was amazed.  All the others look cluttered and like they need a good wash but this one is clutter-free but still holds the charm that makes 2 hippies fun.The food and service were amazing. We were even brought complimentary brownies.   I love the cactus tacos!  I do wish they had a veggie burgers and  hot dogs.  That is the only thing missing from a wonderfully pleasant time.
1	I believe they are not here anymore. Stopped by and it's a different restaurant
1	Closed
5	Had a great beef taco here and got a free soda for going to PV!  *Now out of business*
