5	I have been taking individual Spanish lessons through the Spanish Learning Center, with Brenda, via Skype, for the past two years. I have also attended two immersion weekends through the Spanish Learning Center. I believe I have made significant progress over these last two years and I am proud to say that Brenda is my teacher! Brenda is knowledgeable, patient, and motivating. She provides the perfect combination of challenge and encouragement in order to allow me to learn and grow in my Spanish skills including: conversation, grammar, reading, writing, and pronunciation. I recommend Brenda and the Spanish Learning Center without hesitation, for anyone near or far, who would like to become proficient in Spanish.
5	Brenda is the best! I have taken many Spanish classes and never have I progressed as quickly as when in Brenda's class!  I heartily recommend her.
5	Brenda is a great teacher.  She is patient and gives every student the attention he or she needs.  She assigns limited amounts of homework, giving students the chance to practice the new skills learned in class without it feeling overwhelming or burdensome.    My Spanish has really improved and I'm really enjoying the learning.
5	The Spanish Learning Center is just what I need to fit my busy schedule. The price is reasonable and the teacher is warm and competent. As a teacher myself, I appreciate Brenda's attention to detail and demand for quality. Attending classes two times a week forces me to use my Spanish routinely. As a result, I can't grow lazy and put it off for later. Thank you to the Spanish Learning Center for helping me reach my Spanish goals!
5	I found the Spanish Learning Center around last April and decided to take classes.  I attended class every Saturday from April-December 2013.  I had to take a break because my schedule became too busy and that's the only reason why.  In just a few months at a couple hours a week I was practicing my Spanish with my friends at work.  Its so encouraging to hear people tell me how good my Spanish is after such a short period of time.  I would also like to add that I never have taken Spanish classes before attending the SLC.  Brenda is so patient and challenges you to learn but nothing that is too hard or overwhelming.  She makes class fun and finds ways to creatively teach such as videos, pictures, magazines, literature and so on.  This is great for people like myself who are more visual learners.  If you really want to learn or brush up on your Spanish I highly recommend Brenda.  With one-on-one as well as small classes she provides good attention to every student. I cant wait to start up again with classes at the SLC.
5	If you want to learn Spanish, go to the Spanish Learning Center!  Take it from me.  I tried Rosetta Stone, Pimsler, spending a month in Buenos Aires, took classes at a community college, bought cds, textbooks, went to subtitled movies, volunteered in a business owned by Spanish speakers and in the end, the best Spanish I learned was from Brenda. I am a teacher so I can appreciate Brenda's approach to education:  speaking, reading, writing, group dynamics and even an immersion in Guatemala.  Check out the Spanish Learning Center and soon usted estara hablando espanol!
5	A great way to start learning Spanish.   I started learning Spanish several months back at the Spanish Learning Center and was a bit concerned that it would be rather stressful, but Brenda has a great way of teaching and is very patient. She keeps the classes small and focuses on spoken interaction between the folks in the class.She has made learning a new language very enjoyable and I feel very fortunate to have started out with her class.  My knowledge of Spanish was basically zero to start off (since I had only learned French in school). But it's amazing the progress you can make in just a few months with a great teacher. I'm looking forward to taking additional classes with Brenda over the next year or so.  Highly recommended.
