3	I discovered this business through a website called Mercola.com, a large alternative health site with a twice weekly newsletter. I am a self-proclaimed health freak, and one of the tools I use to achieve this end is un-pasteurized (raw) milk. The health benefits are phenomenal, but due to aggressive lobbying, milk must be pasteurized in order to be sold at market. This process destroys the nutritional value of the product and creates a demand for those who are aware. Hence, the reason for my review. The farm is nothing special, but what else would I expect it to be... it's a farm. If your health is something you value, go to Mercola.com and read the research. Only two things are of a higher value to me: Jesus and family. Without good health, the quality of your life will suffer.
5	I've been out to Save Your Dairy a few times and have been very impressed. The health benefits of raw milk are astronomical. During the industrial revolution people in this country were becoming sick from unpasteurized milk as all milk was raw. The milking process was extremely unhygienic so laws were passed to skirt the actual issue of cleaning up the dairies. Instead they pasteurized it to kill *most of the deadly organisms but at the same time killed all the health promoting benefits. PEOPLE were spreading diseases, the milk was just the carrier. In essence, while milk became "more hygienic" it killed the very essence that gave it its health promoting properties in the first place. Making sure your raw milk comes from a clean and trusted source gives enthusiasts the piece of mind needed when consuming milk that's not pasteurized. If you're informed or care to inform yourself on the common misconceptions and downright lies of raw milk, please do so. Your eyes will be blown wide open. Raw milk promotes extremely healthy teeth and bones. Many people raised on a more traditional diet (very health promoting, non western diet) have been seen to have radically different teeth structure. The case has been made that raw milk especially helps children in developing strong teeth. My fiance was raised on raw milk and he has absolutely no cavities and neither do his sisters. It's also been said that some people who are allergic or intolerant to pasteurized dairy products may be able to drink/eat raw dairy products and not suffer the same reactions. Not everyone, but some. When you drive in, the first thing you notice are the cows happily relaxing and grazing on the farm. The people have always been very helpful and knowledgeable. The actual storefront is pretty small, just a front room with a couple of see-through refrigerators with gallons of milk. They're $8 each and I'd recommend bringing some sort of cooler for the long drive home. I've heard they Healthy Habit in Phoenix sells Save Your Dairy milk so if you're closer to Phoenix, I'd suggest picking it up from there (mind you it is more expensive). I can't rave about this place enough.
5	This dairy sells fresh milk, straight from the cow.  That's what they're licensed to sell.  They use organic feed (dried grasses), hydrogen peroxide for cleaning certain things, and iodine to clean the cows' teats (just like many dairies used to).  They want the cows to be out on pasture, but they need a bigger piece of land to do so.  If you know of a piece of land in the area, please suggest it to Jackie Calamos.  I love their milk.  As of this date, milk is $10/gallon, the true cost of the milk (or maybe even a little low).  Most of the milk you buy in the store isn't worth the price.  Forcing more production out of cows with hormones comes at the cost of quality (and your health).  SYD's has all the good stuff (the proof is in the taste).  It's never made us sick, and we've been drinking it for 2 years.  It's a miracle that this metro area actually has a dairy willing to sell fresh milk to the public!  Thank you, Save Your Dairy!
5	Great product!  - Milk from cows NOT fed corn is valuable.  - Raw Milk (plentiful in life giving enzymes)If don't know why the above 2 things are important; you won't understand how valuable this company is and what they stand for.  I am a member of an Angel distribution group which saves me the trouble of going all the way to Queen Creek to pick up the raw milk.    Thank you for creating this network.  DOWNSIDE - The last two gallons I have received have spoiled 3 days before their expiration date.  I consider the nutrients in this milk like liquid gold.  It is a food I give the highest respect.  I don't even set it on the counter.  I goes straight back in my 37 degree refrigerator after I pour a glass or bowl etc... I pick up my milk in an iced chest and I am adament about keeping the milk in the refrigerator.However, just because the ability to have such milk available is so important for my family and those in our community who are faced with terminal illnesses such as cancer, I keep my rating at 5 stars!!!Thank you and lets save the farm!
5	I recently began reading about the benefits of raw milk, and I decided to give it a try for the first time. Some may say I took a risk, but I read about it first, and it's not like there aren't other potentially unsafe things I do, like driving to go get some milk. Anyway, I went around and finally found that Co-Op Market on 4th Avenue in Tucson sells raw milk, from Save your Dairy, for about $12. A little pricey, but long story short, it's definitely worth at least trying. As for me, I'll continue to buy it no matter what the price, and this coming from someone who (previously!) never considered herself as someone who likes milk.The first thing I noticed is it's really white and it has absolutely no milky smell or taste compared to the ultra-pasteurized skim milk I had been drinking before. I researched further and I found that pasteurization actually makes the milk taste different, so my experience was indicative of how noticeable of a difference it makes. The next thing I noticed is that the mild symptoms of lactose intolerance I experience after drinking "regular" (pasteurized, homogenized) milk didn't occur. And the third thing I noticed is that I wanted more! If I wasn't a poor college student, I'd look into donating to help the farm or something. Hopefully they didn't name it "Save Your Dairy" because it's going out of business or something.Verdict: Go try it!
5	Great product! I was on a mission to make homemade mozzarella with the absolute best ingredients I could find. Organic, whole, raw milk -  this certainly did the trick! We'll be going back that's for sure!
3	Great milk ! Have not been to the farm . I purchase it in Prescott , but I have not found much cream in the milk. Even after letting it sit . I  am going to switch containers and see if that helps. I want to make raw butter . I wonder if this raw milk is "whole"? Has anyone else experienced this ?
