3	Denny's is one of those places you go to have something different for breakfast. Now that they have the different kinds of skillets give them a little more of an advantage than Cracker Barrel. This might be the reason why the wait time during the weekend is around 30-45 to be expected. Yet its really worth it the only thing missing is the servers. They never really check if you need anything. I always find myself having to go look for someone for items that are missing.
1	Went for dinner and was seated right in front of the kitchen area so we spent the entire meal watching the servers yell at the kitchen staff for mistakes with their order. I've never witnessed such a zoo in a restaurant.Then we get the worst waitress we've ever had. Took a long time to take our order and then after a long wait I seen them put our food on the counter ready to be delivered to our table where it sat for almost 15 minutes. Our waitress walked by our food 10 times and I finally blew up and told her to get our food now. She started apologizing and said "I've been watching your food sit up there but thought someone else was going to run it to you since I was busy at the cash register".  She wasn't busy at the cash register, she kept walking right by our food and messing around behind the counter.It was ice cold and my wife kept telling me to send it back but I just wanted to get out of there and did not want to wait for more food. As we were paying she said "I'm having an off night, don't be mad at me" and gave me 15% off our meal.Will never support this place again.
2	Service was great, but the chicken fried steak was swimming in too much bland white gravy. The soup was good though.
4	Food is good and service has gotten better. I feel bad that they don't have more business. They have the $2, $4, $6 menu item...what could be better than that? All you can eat pancakes for $4. Yum! Give it a try. I don't think you will be disappointed...but then everyone has their own opinion. Kids eat free on Tuesday and Thursday (I think, call to verify)
5	We love getting take out here.  Burgers are good and cheaper than a grosse drive thru. Great shakes too!  Can't complain for a dennys.  Never crammed packed either.  Way better than firehouse Subs next door.  That place sucks. Lol
5	Good food. Diana was a great waitress. We got everything we wanted and food arrived promptly.
