2	Like the restaurant says, it's a primarily based noodle shop covering asian, american, and italian.  I didn't expect too much since it looks like a typical fast food restaurant that you see at a shopping mall.  Well, needless to say it really wasn't much. I ordered a Pad Thai when I first went there.  And it was tasteless.  Gave it a second try and ordered one of their recommended dishes.  It was better tasting than the Pad Thai, but not by much.  I pretty much bought a $11 dollar stomach ache. I'd rather heat up some cheap ramen in a microwave.
3	I really do like this place! I loove the pad thai! it's really filling and yummy! I don't care for the key lime pie, it's too sour for me. I also love the pear and  baby spinach salad, that's always amazing! I've been going there for a couple of years now and is one of my favorite resturants.
1	I was not impressed with this place much.  It is nice that they offer tofu as an alternative to meat for add-on's in your noodles.  However, vegetarians beware: they cook on the same surfaces, and the tofu took 10 minutes longer to arrive than my other friends' chicken dishes.  The specials have decent prices, when you do a combo.  Otherwise, I think this place is over-priced and avoidable.
2	I remember when this chain was pretty new, and the location in Albuquerque served up giant bowls of hot delicious noodles with perfect sauce. The mac & cheese... to die for. It was like the Chipotle of noodle places... fast, easy, fresh (-tasting, at least) and delicious, enough food to last you for a couple future meals. But that was like, 5 years ago. And when I recently went to this location I was sooo disappointed. The portions have shrunk drastically. My alfredo sauce was chunky, the butter separated into a cold greasy puddle halfway through the meal. The noodles were a little too firm. And it was too expensive for such a lackluster bowl o pasta.My boyfriend said the marinara sauce on his bowl was really good, and he's a marinara fiend... so that's the only reason it gets an extra star.
1	Bad, bad, bad... No breadsticks, no silverware, no clean tables. I think this place is gonna be closing it's doors very soon.
2	Okay, so for the most part the food seems edible, however I wouldn't recommend getting the Asian dishes. You don't go to Mexican food place and get a burger, don't go here and get Pad Thai. First of all it was served with a lemon instead of a lime and the eggs were all in one big clump. It was as if I ordered scrambled egg with noodles. I wasn't impressed.  I might go back and try something else . . . if I didn't have any other options.
