3	Where to start about this place.First off, I'm not gay, and this was my first trip inside a gay club so I don't have any basis with which to compare so my review may be a little skewed. My girlfriend and a few of her friends went here to check it out and dance without being bothered, and for that, it was perfect. I went in to meet them about twenty five minutes before close so my glance was brief. Here were some random thoughts in my pass through the club to the bar across the dance floor and back out as I left:- Hmm. No shirts? Obviously the "no shirt, no shoes" policy does not apply here. - Men are sweaty. Moreso than women. Reminder #1 of why I like girls.- My girlfriend has had too much to drink, which may explain why she can't find her purse. This could be a long night. - Even the bartenders don't have shirts. Wow. Unless you count a bowtie as a type of shirt. - There are five or six guys crowded around my girlfriend and I and none of them are checking her out. I kind of like this. - The five or six guys may instead be checking me out. I'm not sure if I still like this. - I have clearly indicated that I am straight but totally cool with these dudes. I am comfortable again. - My girlfriend's friend is making out with a shirtless guy! What is going on here? - Ah, the bathroom attendant is straight and picks up on chicks at the gay club he works at. - That guy is a genius!- I can't believe how few shirts there are in this place! Do they get inside and then take their shirts off, or just not wear shirts out of their houses? I'm not sure how this works. And, with that, we left.My girlfriend loved it so we will probably be back before long. I think I'll still wear my shirt, though.
3	First off, I am not gay, but I went to Burn a couple of weeks ago and had a blast. I lived in different cities in many different urban environments and the one constant is a fair number of gay bars. This is a dance bar, but I found it (and this sounds bad) "less gay" than other bars I been to. I would call this bar more of an alternate and somewhat freaky crowd. There were a lot of hipsters and local artists that I knew there. Quite a number of women as well, lesbian and not. The dance area is huge and quite easy to just slide out and get your groove on. One kudos - it is NOT all house techno that you hear a lot at such bars. Very danceable mix. One caveat, the dance floor is SO huge that you have to pretty much walk right through it to get to the bar. Welcome addition downtown.
3	To echo Eric's review this club has in fact become "less gay" (for better or worse) for lack of a better term, over the past few months as they have introduced several theme nights - in an effort to find their niche I guess.Mondays and Fridays in particular spin edgy new shiz with electro-classic-indie-mashup-trash and those nights have a high hipster/artist/mod/punk/glam quotient with a smattering of gays thrown in.  The DJ from Le Tigre and Peaches was just here last Friday.  WERD.  Thursdays will soon be She-bar night for the ladies and the ladies who like em.  Meow!  Saturday nights are the only nights that are straight-up gay (no pun intended)- think shirtless guys dancing to house and trance and holding water bottles.  Not that it matters, because at Burn everyone is there to dance regardless of scene.I find the drinks to be just OK.  I like em kinda strong and find their competitor bars to do them better.  I am not a fan of the space itself.  I find the layout and interior rather pedestrian and boring.  It's basically just a big rectangle with a long bar on the left side and a long strip of rentable cabanas on the right side with a dancefloor in the middle and a smoking patio out front.  Snore.  Add to that the restrooms in the back hallway - with urinals built for midgets (ahem, I mean little people) and that's all there is really.But overall, I find the offerings of the club to be innovative for Phoenix so I give it 3.5 stars.
4	i only wnt to burn on friday nights when they do their "french kiss" night with dj william "fucking" reed, but I would have to say this is the best indie night in phoenix alongside "shake" at rogue (which william "fucking" reed also hosts). the music at "french kiss" however has an electro-clash, electronica, and dance punk base whereas "shake" has an old school punk, post punk, and indie rock base. however, "french kiss" just moved to homme lounge.the actual place itself is great. it is really huge with a huge dance room, a smaller semi-indoor room with a fireplace, and a patio with many tables where you can drink and smoke. the bar is absolutely massive which makes it easy to get a drink. the huge room also has many large booths where you can lounge and watch people dance. waiters come around to all the tables and will get drinks for you and put them on your tab. it has really awesome sound, lighting, and decor and usually really good djs on friday nights.the bad things about the place are the fact that there is no beer on tap which always drives me crazy. it has a biazarre unisex bathroom where you walk in to where the sinks are and then either go left for ladies or right for guys. also, they start a cover (even though it is usually a cheap 3 or 5 dollars) too early in my opinion. i have got there slightly after 10, when there is still only around 20 people there and they try to charge me a cover. really fucking stupid. this can lead to there being very few people there not much of a dance party. especially during the summer.
5	Let me just start off by saying that I am NOT straight, but I did go here once on a friday.  There were a bunch of hipsters with their shirts on...that's cool, I'm down with that.  I was there with my straight bros from work, and they seem to have a lot of fun so I thought I'd check things out.After I went around the room telling everyone I'm gay, I ordered a drink from the bar.  I measured the percentage of alcohol in the drink with my portable alcohol meter, and it was 0.2% more than the gay bars I usually go to, but that's cool...nothing wrong with that.  But was the female bartender checking me out?  Probably...so I told her I'm gay and that this chick was barking up the wrong tree!  That irritated look on her face told me she was disappointed.  Just to make sure, I made out with my boyfriend in front of her to make sure she knows I'm seriously gay.Overall, it was a nice crowd, and I tried dancing for awhile without moving my arms like everyone else was doing.  Weren't they hot with all those clothes on?  But it's cool, not that there's anything wrong with that.BUT SERIOUSLY, I poke fun because a lot of reviews are written by people who are uncomfortable with the fact that this club is mostly gay on the weekends.  But forget all that, because if you leave your discomfort and attitude at the door I guarantee you will have a good time.  Burn is just about the best thing to happen to the Phoenix club scene in a long time.You will not find any of the attitude that the Scottsdale clubs are famous for, and the music is always good.  This is the club to go to when you want to dance, because the dance floor takes up almost the entire club.  But don't worry because there's a lounge area and an outdoor patio if you just wanna hang and talk.
1	I can't quite figure out why, but I've just never liked this place. Gave it three tries, and just didn't click. The cover charge irritated me... $5 to get into an empty room? Really?... the crowd seemed to consist of groups of 4-5 people who didn't talk to anyone but the other 3-4 people in their group... and the drinks were expensive. Somehow left in a bad mood every time I went there, and walked up the street to Amsterdam. I was SO excited for another venue to open up, and was really thinking that I would love it... but... no... just not feelin' it at all. Too much attitude for the new kids on the block.
3	I wrote this on my blog on May 4th 2007 - this is part 2 of the entry - see my review of BS West for the first bit... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ The following night, I was hanging out with my married friend Steve.  We met up with a couple friends of mine at this British pub in Phoenix.  The night was going well and since we were on that side of town, I suggested going to Burn since I had heard it was the hot shit place to be.  I texted a few people to try and make it a group thing - the replies I got were "Burn? That place is GAY!" - I naturally assumed they meant that it sucked, but since I hadn't been there I figured I might as well check it out in spite of the snobby review. One of the people in my party even agreed with my text saying - 'yeah, I heard that place was pretty gay.'  Again, I wasn't interested in hearing the nay-sayers say 'nay'.  I'm not going to form opinions on something like this without first hand experience... I'll decide how gay (lame) it is on my own, thanks.  In spite of this, I got us all to agree to mosey over to Burn to check it out since none of us had been there. The couple we were with arrived first and told us they went to the bar next door instead because Burn had a cover.  Steve and I met them for a drink and then decided we wanted to go next door to check out Burn anyway since we had come this far.  At least we were going to see what the cover would be... We walk in the doorway and Steve goes - "dang, this place is pretty gay..." to which I inquired if he didn't just want to leave.  Before I could finish my question, he said - "eh, let's just check it out anyway."  As he says this I cast my gaze inside the club for the first time to see go-go dancers on platforms... and I'm talking about buff shirtless and hairless dudes in tighty whiteys, cowboy boots and cowboy hats.  Apparently, when my friends were saying "that place is gay" - they meant homosexual... Saturday night is gay night.  I am dumb. Before I could say "let's just get the fuck out of here," Steve had paid for both our covers and was making a bee-line for the bathroom (what the fuck is it with making a bee-line for a bathroom in a gay bar?  That's the last place I'd want to be)... I followed him with a hasteful step and stopped outside the bathroom door and planted my back firmly against a wall - again trying to avoid surprise attack anal rapes on my virgin bottom. I take this moment to myself to scan the room and the people in it - mostly dudes... it looked like my gym - everyone was buff and chiseled and model-like.  People seemed to indiscriminantly smack each other on the butts or grab each other in the crotch as they walked by.  After about a minute of this, I text Steve saying "Fuck this."  He calls back to tell me he's out on the front patio.  I don't know how he fucking snuck past me, but I met up with him outside.  We both agreed that the gay people at this joint were way more intense than any collective of gay people we had seen before.  Even the lesbians were intense.  Everyone looked both attractive and tough as fuck.  We both kinda felt a sense of danger - we thought we were at risk of getting beat up for being straight. Perhaps this is how isolated gay guys feel in a straight world.  Steve went off to get us drinks and I caught eyes with some straight girls who motioned me over to their table.  After a talk and a drink, Steve and I split. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ We discussed the fact that while we weren't the best looking guys in that place by any stretch - we would probably do well in there if we wanted to hook up with a guy.  Somehow we manage to always include this concept in our conversations - how many people we could get to 'do us' if we wanted. There were crossdressers at this place too.  I was under the assumption that crossdressing doesn't amount to gay necessarily... I mean, if you're gay - why would you want someone that looked like the opposite sex?  I suppose I don't quite understand the concepts or the mechanics fully.  Perhaps it's just because there's no good tranny bars in the valley. After leaving Burn, we were headed to another bar and walking down the street when from a block behind us we heard faint cat calls.  We muttered to each other not to turn around and to ignore it.  Again we heard them and this time we were sure they were directed at us.  "Hay boyz... wanna taste my meat" or something of that nature.  Finally we got brave and turned around to discover it was my friend Ryan whom we thought had left already.  I think we both were fearing some sort of brutal reverse gay bashing.... "Phoenix: where the gays bash you."
2	This may be the snobbiest place I've been to the Valley, including all of Scottsdale combined. I don't exactly understand why, though, especially considering I'm a cool chick and I don't give a rat's ass what people do in their private time. I just came to dance. It was a friend's birthday and she invited me out on a Saturday night. Fair enough. I braved the downtown construction and dark alleys to make my way to Burn. $5 cover. No problemo. I ordered a drink at the bar and found my friend, who led the introductions. Everyone seemed really cool at first. After I finished my drink, I decided it was time to dance. The dance floor was busy, but it wasn't packed. Perfect. I let go. I made my own little space among everyone else and just started to enjoy myself. My friend and her friends left the dance floor to sit at their tables. No biggie. I felt comfortable enough to keep on dancing by myself. It wasn't my first gay club, nor was it my first time essentially going out by myself. I felt fine, even in high heels and a mini skirt. Plus, the music was good. How can ya not dance when the DJ is mixing great club beats with popular hits?You see, I'm used to people in the gay community being very friendly towards me. I'm used to people being open-minded and supportive of anyone who wants to support any local establishment that's geared toward open-mindedness and tolerance. With that said, I felt like I was so unwelcome here. I'm used to feeling like people are happy to see me, especially at a gay bar. I mean, I'm not a lesbian, but I don't care if you are. So... imagine my surprise when I continued to get bumped into, pushed around and frowned at. Was I doing something wrong? Was I off beat? Doubtful. Was my skirt riding up? Not likely. And so what? Even if I decided to strip down to my undies, I shouldn't be judged - especially here, where I embrace people's differences. I'm not a judgemental person by any means. It really began to bother me that people were treating me like an outcast. I think I stayed an hour, tops. I couldn't take it any more. I don't like people to bump into me as if I'm not even there. Trust me, it wasn't because somebody had drank too much or had just learned to walk the day before. I got the feeling it was because I was there - end of story. Needless to say, I will not be going back to Burn. If I want to be judged and ridiculed, I'll head to Scottsdale, thank you very much.
