4	After a failed attempt to get food at the other new place in Belmont, Jax, we ended up at Sake Express. They are definitely a very welcome addition to Belmont eateries. This was our first visit to any Sake Express. It starts out as a normal fast food joint placing your order at the front counter, but then you pick your seat and a server comes and brings you your drinks and then your food. This place was a perfect fusion of fast food (got our food fast) and sit down service (more attentive service then 90% of sit-down restaurants).As far as the food, we ordered the vegetable entree and 1 eggroll and the teriyaki chicken. With 1 drink and a water the total came out to $13.21 plus a few dollars tip.  The vegetable entree was superb. A mix of zucchini, mushroom, onions, carrots, squash and broccoli were cooked in a soy sauce which added just enough flavor without taking away the full flavor of the vegetables. "Deeeeee-licious" -wifeThe teriyaki flavor of the chicken wasn't outstanding, but the carrots that came with it were. The generous 4 ounce cup of shrimp sauce mixed with the chicken and rice made it a solid meal.The menu seemed like a good selection, however no sushi in case you were wondering.
4	I know it's a chain, but YUM!  We don't have many restaurants within a 5 minute driving distance so I was extremely excited to find that Sake Express is close to us AND has tasty food.  I've been here 3 times now and I always get the veggie hibachi entree.  It comes with an awesome mix of broccoli, squash, mushroom, onion, zucchini on top of fried rice and topped off with sweet carrots.  The portions are huge and there's always plenty for leftovers.  The food and service here have been consistently good.  This location is brand new so it's nice and clean.  When I'm starving and don't want to cook this is a reliable quick and delicious meal.
2	I thought this nice newer location would be just as good as the original location in Gastonia but I left disappointed.   The food had a different taste and I didn't care for it.  This location is very nice and upscale looking but I'll stick there the less attractive Gastonia location.
5	I must say I tried the Sake in Belmont again and they have REDEEMED themselves.  Their taste is more like the original location and it was as good as it gets.  Maybe they trained or replaced the cook.  Definitely worth a try!
5	Great Food and inexpensive for what you get!  Eat there frequently and have never had a bad meal!  Definitely recommend it!  Very casual!
4	Sake Express does not disappoint, especially my wallet. Very good sized portions for the price and I would eat here for $7 before just about anywhere else in Belmont. I typically get either the teriyaki chicken or steak entree which is plenty filling. The steak has been a little tough once or twice but not recently, the chicken is always nice and juicy and tender, though.
5	Really good food at a good price.
5	Very friendly & helpful staff, great food at a low price. They have healthy options too. We are definitely frequent diners!
2	Fast service. For the price u don't get much good. The waitress stay 2 feet from your tables watching you eating waiting for you to take a sip of water so they can refill it. So Annoying! Anyway I prefer take out. Good for fast food!
2	Fast food meets wok cooking, Sake Express has worked out how to combine a bunch of ingredients and make it into a double dozen number of entrees. Pick your protein (chicken, steak, shrimp, scallops, etc), pick your veggies (mushrooms, snap peas, etc) and pick your starch (noodles, white rice, brown rice or none) and a few minutes later, it's brought to your table. If you're looking to filly your belly for only a handful of dollars, this is the place. The noodles and rice take up most of the space - so if you're eating low carb you might be disappointed with the quantity.Here's my complaint. They have a wait staff who brings your order to the table and they are also responsible for refilling your drinks. There is a big sign over the soda fountain (Pepsi products) area that it's "employees only". Which is a problem because our waiter spent ten minutes talking to two customers at one of the outside tables instead of checking in on us. Bruce gets thirsty, donchaknow?
5	Sake Express:  Great food at a great price!  This place is for the people who get tired of the fast food, deep fried chains in Belmont.  Typically you pick your grilled meat of choice (chicken/steak/fish) which then will be accompanied by rice and sweet carrots.  Although you can switch up the rice/carrots with other veggies/noodles.  This place simply makes great food at a very comparable price of other fast food chains.  I have also noticed that their chicken is very tender and juicy versus other fast food Japanese restaurants I have ate at who tend to over cook and dry the chicken out. Go check it out!
4	I love Hibachi, problem is, it tends to be expensive and it's a time commitment. Not anymore with Sake. This is a fast approach to hibachi, and the food is great and reasonable priced.This is my second time here. All orders are prepared fresh similar to what you get at a Hibachi restaurant, except for the shoots, which I love and do miss, but other then tha this place is great.First time I had scallops and shrimp, very delicious. This time I had just the shrimp, still very good, and They will even serve adults from their kids menu, the got my vote.
5	Well, I'm not sure about the price rating.  This place is definitely more pricey than typical fast food.  That being said, I love this place.  The servings are adequate, the food is outstanding and the staff are very friendly. I will definitely come back on my next trip through NC!
4	We were visiting friends in the Charlotte area and they had suggested Sake Express several times before. The food was excellent and the service was great.  I just wish we had one near to us.
4	I get food here from the drive-thru about once a week.  On my way home from work and the food is good and priced right IMO.  I would definitely recommend.
5	Loved this place! Great food and great price!
5	Sake Express is Delicious!! Whenever I am in the area I always make sure to grab some Sake to go. I typically get the Shrimp entree with rice and sweet carrots. Its always hot, delicious and very inexpensive. If you are dining in this is a casual place for a quick lunch or dinner. I will definitely go back and definitely recommend it to everyone!
3	I was in the area tonight and decided to give Sake Express a try. The menu gave a lot of choices and I decided to try something that should have been familiar, teriyaki chicken with fried rice. My dinner was anything but familiar. The chicken had very little flavor, and the flavor the rice had, was bad. The best thing in the box was the candied carrot. The ginger sauce was very good. The service was relatively fast but I was disappointed in both the quality and taste of the food.
4	Came across this place while traveling! I hate fast food so thought this was a way to get quick food; but not fast food. It was so worth it. Plan to spend about $12 BUT you are paying for freshly cooked food that is far more nutritional than Burger King.
4	I prefer the original Sake in Gastonia but it is no longer there, but this is a great second! Wonderful prices and delicious food! Staff is friendly and great atmosphere! I normally get the teriyaki chicken with shrimp sauce and its delicious!
4	By far my favorite Japanese Sushi place. Hibachi chicken with noodles is my personal favorite.
4	I love Sake.  This is our Saturday night in food.  I hate calling in orders to take out places because they never get it right but Sake does.  I call it in and drive through and get it and it lasts two meals.  I love the noodles woth Hbachi Chicken and Filet.
5	Always a great place to stop as an alternative to fast food!  We eat in, and go through the drive through to pick it up.  Food is always great and consistent.  Prices are fair and portions are generous.
3	Went for dinner yesterday good food but not worth 33 for two plates I got the scallops and shrimp w broccoli and my gf had the chicken teriyaki good but didn't feel like it was work that much... Very friendly service
1	Excellent appearance of completely tasteless food.  I went in pretty hungry and the large plate I got was really bland and the ingredients themselves appeared colorful, large and appetizing but Zero flavor!
1	Had the teriyaki steak last night and either they didn't cook the food well or it was just dirty, I got food poisoning last night from eating there and it wasn't fun. Wouldn't eat there again.
4	First restaurant I ever visited in Belmont and still one of my favorites! Japanese fast food without compromising quality. Recommend trying the ginger sauce over the ubiquitous shrimp sauce. $.99 onion soup is a nice appetizer. Lots of young wait staff (highschool aged).
3	This restraunt is a great addition to Belmont.  In the evening it is always crowded.  It takes a little longer than the Gastonia Sake Express to get your food in the drive thru.  This Sake Express also does not have sushi.  The inside is really nice with a waterfall near the main entrance.  If you want to eat in, go to the Belmont Sake.
2	While the food is great the customer service at this location sucks!  The young lady that was getting our drinks said sorry I am late I was in the bathroom.  Yup I wanted to know that.  Also she never came back and checked on us for drink refills or to see if we needed to go boxes.  In fact no one did.  However she did seem to enjoy eating her own meal at a table while doing something on her phone.  When we pulled up there were 4 staff sitting on the sidewalk on the side of the building and four more sitting at a table outside.  Must be this business pays its staff to sit around and do nothing.  Staff spent more time socializing with each other than they did the customers. I will not return to this location but will drive out of my way to go to Gastonia to eat in or the Mount Holly drive thru.  Bad customer service makes good food not worth having.  Wake up BELMONT SAKE!
5	5 stars all the way. Affordable food and very tasty. Service is always awesome. Food comes out quick perfect for lunch break!
