4	Delicious, authentic Mexican food. Looks a bit sketchy, but don't let the exterior fool you. It's a nice little join with great food, awesome margaritas, and good service. Check it out.
5	The other day someone posted a question about eating near the airport and Miguel's popped in my mind and ever since I posted my response,  I could not get it out of my mind so today was Miguel day.When you drive up it looks condemned, it's on 85 Interstate Service Rd, (exit 32 Little Rock Rd) that right there, sounds sketchy.  It's beside a closed motel, (Bates Motel reference).  This alone makes me LOVE this restaurant.  It is everything you want it to be in that off the beaten path kind of way.  They don't serve the best food, the margarita is average, service is functional, but all of it wrapped up it's like heaven.
4	Outstanding food and wonderful service. The beer kept on coming and the chimichanga was excellent. Ask the senora for her recommendations and you can't go wrong!
3	Just ate Miguel's for lunch today and got my fill of fast food Mexican for a decent price.  I'm not overly impressed by the place, but it makes for a nice meal if you're in the Paw Creek area (85 and Little Rock Rd.).  There's an open "veranda" for dining (read: a dining room with out doors or windows attached on the front) that was a nice touch on a day like today.  Fast, cheap, and loaded with salt, what else could you ask from a local Mexican joint?They have all the regular dishes you would find on a menu in a down-home Mexican place, plus lunches specials for about $5-$6.  I got the Speedy Gonzales, an enchilada, taco, and rice for a respectable $5.75.  The service was rather impersonal and task-focused, but maybe it was just one of those days.   I agree with Tonya that the sketch factor of  restaurants like these "raise the stakes": you'll either discover a hidden treasure or the Bates motel.  Miguel's, however, wasn't either one.  So maybe the "ho-hum"-ness of this place was my false expectations.  No hidden treasures here, just decent Mexican food.
5	I have been to Miguel's many time in the last 5 years.  It is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, period.  Best dish is the enchiladas verde.   Good iced tea and beer.  Chips are only OK, but salsa is excellent.I generally do not trust Mexican restaurants that do not have cracked vinyl seats and fuzzy paintings on the wall, but I will make an exception for this place.  It only has cracked vinyl seats.  Don't go here for atmosphere; it looks like an old drive-in Sonic Burger from the 60's.
4	This place is a hole in the wall and a bit hard to find. That being said, the food is fantastic. I've had lunch there a few times and its very inexpensive. Their tamales are fluffy, the fajitas are well seasoned and their mole is complex like a good mole should be. I have never had a bad meal here.
3	If you are looking for a true Mexican feel, this is the place for you. The decor is a bit challenged, but the food is just okay. It's a great place for a quick bite. Service was functional, but not friendly at all.
4	This is another in a long list of  "Thank the flying spaghetti monster for Yelp!"I was flying back from Memphis and got stranded at the airport in Charlotte for the night due to bad weather in NY.  I grabbed a cheap hotel near the airport, took their shuttle bus and ended up  in the middle of some place I knew nothing about.What to do for dinner?  Well, that's easy, let's open yelp and find something within a reasonable walking distance.This place pops up as one of the best within a walking distance.  I would have never seen it without Yelp.  It is almost part of a little motel, tucked away in the backside of some parking lot.  I actually walked by it before turning back around and finally finding it.They have a nice little covered outside seating area. . .and the weather was beautiful down there so I took advantage.  A little noisy because it is almost on the highway, but the weather more than made up for the noise.  The inside looks a lot like a typical American Diner, which was a bit weird, but I don't care much for decor if the food is good.The menu was a standard and basic Mexican food menu.  I am a big fan of Carnitas and it is always hard to find decent Carnitas in the chex-mex dominated "mexican" food places around my place in queens. . . so I was immediately drawn to that dish.It was absolutely great.  Nothing special or fancy, but the meat was well cooked (and cooked right which isn't always the case).  The guacamole that came with it was fresh and tasty.  The tortillas were perfectly fine and all of the trimmings were fresh and of good quality.I then ordered a beer, she asked if I wanted a large and I said yes. . .who am I to blow against the wind?  And this thing was monstrous.  We are talking at least 24 ounces.My bill came to about 14 dollars, which I thought was perfectly reasonable considering the size of the beer, the amount and tastiness of the meal.Would definitely go again.
5	This is the true definition of a dive. Don't go in expecting much, just amazing food at great prices. One of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.Never judge a book by it's cover. Simple decor, standard mexican menu, but amazing food. If you are staying at a hotel near by, it's worth the walk.The service can be a little slow when it's busy but when you take a bite, you'll forget about it all.
4	I live in Southern California. I have been back twice. I really like miguels. It's not fancy and it's in a strange location but worth it.
4	Miguel's is great.  This may be difficult to locate for people that are randomly looking to stop somewhere, though.  The good is very good tasting tex/mex.  The service is just fine and attentive, I've not experienced any customer service issues here.  They have combos and affordable food if you want something cheap; otherwise there big entrees are good and still not a wallet buster.I'd recommend this place to anyone on the west side or anyone making the trip South on I-85.
5	As everyone else has pointed out already, this place is not much to look at.  HOWEVER, just because they don't spend their hard earned cash on decorum, doesn't mean that they don't keep this place clean.  I am not a neat freak, but I was pleasently surprised/satisfied with the cleanliness of this place.  So don't worry about coming hear for sanitary reasons.As for the most important part - the food.  The food is delicious - classic authentic mexican - can't go wrong here.  It's also outrageously cheap.  I was hear on my company's dime so it didn't matter.  I went all out and the bill still came to under $10 for lunch.  Enjoy!
4	This was great - good Mexican food, nice homey atmosphere.  The service was slow (typical of the South; not unusually slow) and the guacamole is not as I like it (runny).  But the shrimp enchiladas were very good.  And the prices are more than reasonable.  A great place for a cheap good dinner.
5	Good mexican food at a great price conveniently located near the Charlotte airport.  Simple as it gets.  Service is friendly and food is good.  All of the other reviewers do a good job of explaining the ins and outs of this place, just thought I'd chime in with a solid +1Don't come expecting fine dining, expect to get good home cooked Mexican food.
4	Great food close to the airport.  Found it on yelp and it did not disappoint.
5	If you are not concerned with the ambiance, this place is AWESOME!! We sat outside in a room that had no windows - but it somehow fit the restaurant nonetheless. There is a place to sit indoors as well, but we were there on a perfect evening temperature-wise. The prices of the drinks ($3.25 for a 32 oz beer!!) as well as the food itself could not be beat. My husband and I enjoyed authentic Mexican cuisine at ridiculously low prices. Would definitely visit again if we were in the area.
4	I would have never waked into this placE without the reviews from Yelp and man am I glad I did. Great food served up in a shed. Will return.
3	Basic little Mexican restaurant with so so service. The food is reasonably priced and relatively good. My favorite part about this place is their outdoor seating area. Covered booths with open air windows. My suggestion for this place would be the fajitas, something difficult to screw up. The re fried beans leave much to be desired, they are soupy and bland. I have only had a few different entrees here, usually opting for the tacos or burritos when looking for a quick cheap lunch. Miguel's was hard to find on my first trip there, you see it through the woods driving down Little Rock Rd. but the entrance is no where in site, not to mention once you do find it it's a little confusing being attached to a hole-in-the-wall motel next door.
4	As other Yelpers have mentioned, ambience is not a priority here. In fact, the outside felt a little like the Bates Motel! However, the food is quite tasty and not expensive. I enjoy the taco combo with pulled beef, rice and beans.  My companion has tried the chicken taco salad, fajitas, burritos and enchiladas.  We have always found our food to be very yummy.  I've been here a dozen times and always see the same people working. They are also very generous with the chips and salsa, and they pour a biiiig ol' soda, which I appreciate-I hate to have to continually wave down a server for a refill when the soda comes in small glasses.It can get busy, and I love to see all the different kinds of people willing to jam into this little space to eat some good Mexican food!
5	I don't really see a problem with the ambiance.  It's a little hole in the wall place, and that's exactly what it reflects.  The patio area is actually pretty cool, but we sat inside.  The salsa was some of the best I've ever had, the drink specials were top notch, and the food was delicious as well.  I wish I could elaborate more, but trust me, the place is awesome.
4	First time, and very impressed. Food was excellent, service great, staff friendly, the only thing holding it back from a five is the facility. Think 50's rundown diner meets 21st century Mexican restaurant. Regardless, I will be back for the food!
4	As other yelpers have indicated, it is hard to not be deterred when you first pull up.  The old building combined with the large Motel sign caused me to pause and think of going somewhere else.  However, thanks to positive reviews on Yelp, I continued inside and had a very good meal.  Pricing is very reasonable and the food is good.  The service, although not the friendliest, was solid and my server checked on me often.  I was in and out in about 35 minutes, but didn't feel rushed.  Overall, I would recommend Miguel's for someone looking for a Mexican food alternative to the national chains.
5	Yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall and hard to get to.  It's also fantastic food at a great price.  I will definitely go back.  The Serrano Dinner was fantastic.
4	Cheap food, family-owned, good mexican beer, and even authentic desserts.Careful not to overload on the orders though, this food really isn't all that good the next day.
3	I come from a Mexican family and growing up in San Diego, I have had some fantastic Mexican food and I realize that "Mexican" food will vary from coast to coast. I have found some good Mexican restaurants in Charlotte and I have had the chance to eat at Miguels twice. I ate there twice to give it an honest review and not based on just one sitting. Miguels is quite unassuming when it comes to you would expect, No big neon signs not a huge parking lot and to some you might say it is a hole in the wall place. There is a small dining room and a bigger patio that is not attached to the restaurant that you can opt to eat in. The Chips and Salsa are good. The chips were good and the salsa was excellent, it wasn't too hot and not too mild, Miguel's played it safe and that's fine. They don't want to make it too hot, but if you want a salsa with more kick, they have some that you have to ask for. I ordered the Carne Azada (Asada) you get several pieces of thin meat that was tasty and marinated very well. I was happy that the meat was savory and how it tasted, the rice tasted that is was store bought and not made in the restaurant and the beans were okay. The flour tortillas were also store bought and tasteless. If you are thinking you are going to get home made flour tortillas you wont find them here. You can find them in most Mexican chains. And for me, I think the Carne Azada, altho good, should be grilled, it was cooked on a skillet and parts of my meat were way overcooked. The second time I ordered a Chicken Taco, Taco Al Pastor and the beef tostada with a side of flour tortillas. I have to say that the Chips and Salsa were the highlight of the meal. The chicken tacos were plain and it only had the chicken and Monterrey cheese. Nothing else, no salsa, no lettuce, sour cream, nothing, Al tho the chicken itself was good the taco was okay at best. The Taco Al Pator was the same, bland and okay, but nothing great, the meat tasted like it had been in a holding tin all day and it was dry, the taco itself was okay. And the beef tostada had a soggy corn tortilla, it was filled with spiced up ground beef, lettuce and Monterrey cheese, but it too was just okay. As far as the service goes, it too just rates okay. I have been there two times and both times I have found the hostess and several waitresses texting or being distracted by their cell phones. Just a personal preference, but as a customer I shouldn't see anyone who is working to be on their phones unless its taking an order. But at least the prices are not that bad, and I did feel full, (mostly on chips and salsa)  and I probably wont be going back unless I really really need a fix. If you need a Mexican food fix, this place will probably do. Again, I am looking thru this as a West coaster. The salsa is good and the food tastes okay. Nothing I had was bad just not what I was expecting. But go ahead and give it a try, you might find something you like
5	I look for a place like this near every airport I visit.  There is bound to be something good and cheap around the corner, apparently pilots are good customers.  Excellent basic tex-mex and really good carnitas too.  I like to get the chile verde with the pork carnitas.  Now my go to Mexican place in Charlotte.
5	I remember the first time I ate here. It was near my best friend's home, and a huge group of us went one day. I wasn't an adventurous eater then, so I ordered something that looked pretty tame. I had the nacho cheese burritos, with chicken. That was in 2001 and for the past 12 years I have ordered the same thing every time I visit. There is a short list of "must visit" places every time we go home, and Miguel's is #1 on that list. When you pull into their gravel parking lot, look past the outside of the building and it's location. When you get inside, look past the decor & the cracked, red vinyl booths. Take a seat (there is no host/hostess, just sit where you want), dive in to the chips and salsa (I could eat their salsa with a spoon!) and get ready to enjoy a truly delicious meal. This visit Graham & I both began our meal with a margarita. We were heading to a movie after dinner, so I got a small one. If you're not going to sit through a three hour, really depressing musical (Les Miserables... really good, though) order a pitcher. They had them on special that night and it the pitcher was cheaper than what we spent on the drinks we ordered. Graham thought his was weak, and ordered an extra shot of tequila, I thought mine was perfect. We devoured two baskets of chips and salsa while waiting for our meal. Finally, it arrived. We were starving, and of course this was the one time that the service was slow. But our food came out and it was worth the wait. I know the burritos don't look like much... but oh baby.The cheese sauce is absolutely delicious, and the inside of the burrito is stuffed with huge chunks of chicken, bell peppers, tomatoes & onions. Every single bite is delicious. I was craving some black beans too, so I ordered a dish on the side. Black beans are usually pretty bland at most restaurants, and these were too. But a spoonful of the delicious salsa and some salt worked wonders. Graham is a little more diverse in his meal selections than I am. I find something I like, and I tend to stick with it. He typically gets something different each time. This time he ordered the Enchiladas De Chorizo. This was excellent. The chorizo was perfectly cooked and really flavorful. Miguel's is truly on my list of my favorite restaurants of all time. The food is delicious, the service is quick and the staff is always pleasant. The same people have worked there forever, and back when I still lived in Charlotte and ate there every week, my server would bring me a sweet tea without even asking. And the price absolutely can not be beat. Dinner, margaritas & tip cost us about $42. Three enchiladas filled with Mexican sausage, covered with shredded cheddar cheese & green sauce. Served with rice, lettuce & pico de gallo.
5	Yes, it look like it should be in Mexico! But they have the best Mexican food of any restaurant Ive been to in Charlotte. Food is always fresh and delicious. Service is always good and prompt. Food is reasonably priced (and they have my favorite, chicken chimichangas on special on Wednesdays.. but I never seem to make it on that day)Miguels is actually the only Mexican joint i will go to.
5	Everything was fresh and delicious.This place has some good food.
3	I think the only reason why this place has so many reviews is because it is centrally locate by several key hotels and ctl airport. If you are starving and need something quick, then this place is for you. If not, the cleanliness of the place and the over all cheap decor and picnic table furniture may scare away the slightest of above average consumer. The food I give a 3.. Service I give a 4, cleanliness I give a 2. Add those up= 9/3=3 stars in my book.
5	I think this place is awesome and not because it has my name!! I used to go to CPCC and I would eat here at least 2-3 times a week. The chips and salsa are great and so is almost everything else on the menu. Do not let appearances fool you, this place is special. The price is dirt cheap and the quality is 5 star. The Serrano special is one of the best dishes I have ever had. If in Charlotte you must try this place.
4	I'm officially a fan. There's room for improvement but it's everything I'd look for if I was looking for a locally owned, non-chain Mexican restaurant.We did have a service oops. I asked for cheese dip (queso) when we sat down and ordered our drinks. It never showed up. I think the waitress forgot because it wasn't on the bill either.The inside dining room is SMALL. As you can see from pictures that others have posted, there is also an outside portico for dining outside when the weather is nice.  Tonight it was windy and threatening rain so we didn't have that as a choice.The location is nothing to write home about but the kitchen turns out very edible food.  Having lived in the southwest for 5 years, it doesn't measure up to what I got out in TX, AZ, etc. but by Charlotte standards, it's fantastic.I had the Chicken Coco Loco. It was tasty!  My dining mate had stuffed pablano peppers. He cleaned his plate.I wish I had seen the Thursday special before I ordered! I would have enjoyed that too... "Special Burritos".For families, remember the space is constrained. I would not bring a rambunctious kid here. Your neighboring diners will be ready to strangle you and the kid.
2	Whoever said this place has good food, doesn't know what good food is! The food was bad! Way too salty, cheese tasted like crap. The service was pitiful! I ordered water and guacamole at the same time, and the guacamole came 10 minutes before the water? The guacamole was basically avocado and onion, that's it! The chips were all broken and stale. The only reason this isn't 1 star is because they had horchata and they were inexpensive and close to the airport. My advice? Skip it!
5	The best Mexican I have ever had!!!! AMAZING!!
3	Had to stay overnight in the area and the hotel suggested we try this place but that had warned us that is was a "hole in the wall" and that was exactly right. It could use some TLC.Moving onto the food, they have a HUGE menu. So many meals sounded so good, I had a hard time deciding. We started with the queso and guac for an appetizer which was decent. Since it was a mexican place i did order 1 taco, I had to and glad i did. The people I was with had a pitcher of margarita also which they said was strong but good. For dinner I had the shrimp in garlic sauce which was delicious, a must try. One person though in my party did order the steak and cheese burrito which is not what she got.  We did not complain though, the waitress seemed like she really didnt want to be working that night. Skip desert, not worth the couple dollars, again we asked for chocolate ice cream and got vanilla...bummer!
4	Address is 4300, not 4252. It's around the corner past the Wyndham, attached to what looks like a deserted motel. They have an outside part without windows. The inside is behind.Looks creepy, but the food is great.
3	Don't be afraid by the exterior! Lunch date here with my co-workers after our weekly meeting. First off...I really should have gps'ed the address because this place off the beaten path...or maybe too beaten. It's actually on an I-85 service road nestled between a chain hotel and an old motel. I must say I was a wee bit concerned when I got out of the car. But it was all good when I got inside.I ordered the Quesadilla Rellino (sp) and a side order of guacamole. Of course the guac came out first and maybe its because I make a mean guacamole but this was a watered down avocado mousse with very little seasoning. I had to ask for a lime and shake some s&p before I could convince myself to eat it. Not okay!! My quesadilla however was awesome!! The chicken was seasoned so perfectly, I really could have eaten buckets of it. Overall, I will definitely try this place again san guacamole.
5	Always a good meal,       and Love the  weekend specials usually :) Never had a problem at all ! !
5	Please don't let their dive-y appearance and deserted-motel surroundings deter you from eating here! This place is a gem.Not only are the staff friendly, quick and on top of their game, but the food is FANTASTIC!! On Sundays I always order their vegetable fajita special: for only a few dollars you get a giant, sizzling plate of vegetables, rice and refried beans, and all the fajita fixings your heart desires. They also have endless chips and (what might be the best) salsa (in the world). Try their queso too, it's quite good.Now that I live in Ballantyne, I rarely am able to trek to Miguel's but I dearly miss their food, great service and unbeatable prices.
4	The first time my husband brought me here for dinner I thought he was out of his mind. I'm so glad i kept an open mind. It took me a few visits to find my favorite entree and now that I have I'm addicted. My new favorite meal is the arroz con camarones (Shrimp w/ rice). The onions are sweet and the shrimps are flavorful. Yum. Of all the times I have visited Miguel's I have never had a bad experience. The servers are always attentive and nice. Definately give it a try!!
5	This place might scare you at first glance.But don't miss out!! Beer mugs are frozen. Beer is cold, service is friendly fast and food Is great!  It seems to be a family run business. It NOT a chain. It's not a shnazy place, booths and picnic tables. If you a foodie this is not a place to miss..if you area snob..don't bother.. Again..great Mexican food!! Home made salsa. Everything is made to order.
5	Wow... The best Mexican restaurant in the country.    My advise to you making a connection in Charlotte airport.   Take the lastest contraction, take a cab here for lunch or dinner than go back to the airport.  It's worth the layover.    It's 5 minutes from the airport.
4	So, having read some recent reviews, and being a Mexican fan, I had to get to Miguel's. Sunday's Lunch Special, Fajitas for $4.99. I arrived a little before 12 and the place was already crowded and by 12:30 every table was full. The servers were friendly and chips and salsa arrived immediately upon being seated. Although the salsa was a little smooth for my taste it had great flavor and the chips were good too! The fajitas arrived fresh and steaming, they were served with tortillas, sour cream, pico, and rice and beans. I chose the chicken, with included onions, peppers, mushrooms, and zucchini, and a great portion size...especially for the price.  Even though the look of the restaurant is not what you would expect, it is worth a visit..and I know I will be back on Sunday when I have a fajita craving :-).
5	We had the fajitas for two, oh yeah! Perfectly grilled caramelized juicy goodness. Tons of food, definite doggy bag treat for lunch tomorrow. There's plenty variety on the menu to choose whatever you're feeling like. This is the best Mexican food I've had on the East Coast, no doubt in my mind. Quite clean and the patio gives you that dinner-on-the beach-while-you're-still-in-your bikini feel. The place started filling up at a good pace after we drove in at about 12:30, so the employees stayed very busy. People seemed to be enjoying the food and atmosphere. A true laid-back, delicious pleasure!
3	Tried the restaurant for dinner. Food was good and pretty authentic Mexican food. Prices were very reasonable and beer was cold. $2.50 for a draft beer is a great price. Had the fajitas and they were certainly acceptable. Limited beans, rice, guacamole and sour cream though. Worth a stop if you are in the area.
5	Being near my office, we frequent this place for lunch. Service: outstanding. Always fast and friendly, with bottomless chips and salsa that actually get refilled.Food: the food is standard Mexican fare, done simple and well. While you won't find anything truly amazing, everything I've tried has been delicious, well thought out, and ready quickly.Value: this is where they truly shine. The prices are unbeatable for what you get, and the daily special gets you out the door for about $6, without leaving you hungry. Try whatever is on special that day if you aren't sure, and chances are you'll be pleased.
5	Great Food, Fast Service! Don't let the looks scare you. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	So unbelievably good! Had an overnight layover in Charlotte and the shuttle driver recommend this place. So glad I listened! The food was outstanding, employees very friendly, decor so cutie, and service was very quick. The menu was huge. Around 8 pages. One that was all vegetarian options and another of American style food. So nice to be able to order tacos with a side of french fries. If this place was in Austin, TX I would eating here frequently! Very fantastical! Deserves more than 5 stars.
5	Miguel's has all the things I like:  delicious food, good drinks and candy!The servers are courteous, but tend to work fast and you tend to have multiple people waiting on you, so you don't really get attached to any particular one... One guy brought us the complimentary chips and salsa (which was delicious! The chips were hot and perfectly salted.  The salsa tasted fresh with a really nice kick to it.).  A lady came to take our drink orders and brought them back to take orders and a different guy brought our food out... All of them were nice, but I have no idea what their names are... The margaritas are definitely worth a taste, if that's your thing... The medium is the size of a Presidente from Chili's, for comparision's sake...  So the large is an investment... lol  They have a number of specials for lunch and dinner... My favorite is the beef burrito with rice and beans... It's perfect for a light lunch, but still filling...So, I'ma go ahead and tell you: this place looks sketch as hell, but put that aside... This is one of those things about not judging a book and blah, blah... The inside is clean, the food is super tasty, the specials are great, they sell old school penny candy at the register and the drinks are good... What more do you want?
4	Mexican food was the last thing on my mind for my first dinner as a newbie NC transplant from San Diego, CA. SD has great Mexican food (no surprise as Mexico is 25 minutes to the south.)Yet, once again I am saved by the Yelpers. I arrive NC exhausted from flights with delays. All I want is food. This was 5 min from my airport hotel. The chimichangas had moist, tender chicken with onions and peppers. The tortillas had a nice delicate crunch and savor under a generous helping of guacamole and sour cream. The refried beans were earthy. And the chips and salsa were as everyone says - great.Nothing I like more than a local hole in the wall with yummy good. Great value too. Service was a bit indifferent for me - otherwise the food is 5 stars.
4	I love Miguel's. It's not fancy but the food is really good. You could miss this place easily if you weren't looking for it. But do look for it, you'll be glad you did. When you walk in, you feel like you're walking in to someone's home kitchen. There is a choice of indoor or outdoor seating. The outdoor seating is in a little open air structure, so you are still out of the elements if it's raining or if the sun is beating down in the summertime. The menu has a lot to offer, I usually get tacos and rice and beans, while my fella usually gets jalapeno poppers and a veggie quesadilla. There are also American choices on the menu. Portion sizes are generous. The police in the area seem to really like eating here, there is almost always an officer dining when we go there. That tells me 3 things, Miguel's treats our officers right, the food is really good and a good value, and I will be safe eating at this establishment. Service is always friendly. I wish Miguel's would come to Raleigh.
5	This place has wonderful food at a wonderful price.  The servers are very hard working as well!
5	So delicious! I'm from California where Mexican food is available on every corner, and this place was better than most Mexican restaurants I've been to. This place was absolutely delicious and cheap. Very quaint little restaurant. Outdoor seating available.
3	Walking distance (right next door) to the Wingate, and there's a nice outdoor seating area.I had the carnitas.  It was a little overcooked, but the flavor was good.  Service was so-so, I'd go back if I have a lot of time to eat, but not for a quick trip.
1	Miguel's is a pretty ordinary joint - canteen type place. Nothing special about it. The lady who served us was so cold & uncourteous, sitting at the restaurant for half an hour felt like a chore. Am not going back to this particular one for sure!
5	Fantastic little Mexican joint in the quiet little town of Charlotte MX... Seriously the outside screams Mexico! The food is amazing!! The beers are super cold! (Colder than Mexico) The carnitas tacos were fantastic! Fajitas were fantastic! The one and only thing I would say was so so was the guacamole, it was still good but could use a revamp on the recipe... Other than that,, I would NOT change a thing!! Can't wait till next time!
3	food quality a 4, server attitude 2 so averaged at 3. said thank you after drink delivery no response repeated thank you at food delivery still no response, finally spoke when delivering check. Chips and Salsa are a 5!
3	I was split between a three and a four star review. The salsa was watery and bland, the dinner entry was good, and the service was good. Nothing spectacular here, and I didn't hear any of the other diners speaking Spanish. There weren't many authentic choices such as lengua, menudo, tripa, or cabeza offered.
5	Great food!!!  Great service!  Great prices!  Authentic Mexican food in a casual setting. Three of us enjoyed three different entrees and all said we would definitely go back. Was close to the motel we stayed in while waiting for our next morning flight out of CLT.  Wouldn't stay in that motel again but will eat at Miguel's again for sure!
4	So Miquel's is definitely a perfect definition for a "Hole in the Wall" but let's be honest those places clearly have the best food. As a self proclaimed Mexican fanatic I was excited to see just what this place had to offer. We started with the chips and salsa and they were classic. The chips were warm and crispy and the salsa had just the right amount of kick! My friends and I ordered a little bit of everything...fajitas, shrimp quesadillas, tacos, rice and beans. Everything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect! Add to that good service and super reasonable prices! I'm absolutely coming back.
4	I really enjoy going to this place!!  It looks like a little hole in the wall but the food is great!  As well as the service!  It's close to my boyfriends work and that's how I found out about it!  Everyone he works with raves about their salsa!  And it is de-lish!  Every day they have lunch specials and it's very affordable.  They also have outside seating which is nice.
5	I'm so glad I decided to have dinner at Miquel's tonight. The spinach enchiladas were delicious and the service was prompt. The place is packed and I can see why. I'll be back tomorrow.
5	what an amazing restaurant ...quaint, clean and friendly reasonable prices and the food was great with a unique taste.   There was a constant in flow of customers the entire time we were there.  Put it as a don't miss if you are flying out of Charlotte.
4	Don't let the appearance fool you. First impression is that of a dive BUT the food offered is excellent!  Had a combination of taco, chalupa, and enchilada.   Would definitely stop again!
2	Mixed review: chips and salsa were good, atmosphere good. I was told by my party that the chicken was good in the enchilada. My food, vegetarian burrito/cheese enchilada combo, was really basic and had no imagination in flavor. I was hoping to get a taqueria style burrito but what I got was small and boring flavor. The guacamole was tasteless and frozen, previously made. It was shameful that they serve that. Outdoor seating option was cool and it was very popular.
2	The first time I went to Miguel's I ordered the fajita plate. That was pretty good. The second I brought my wife and we ordered the special Steak Burrito plate. We also ordered guacamole on the side. Nothing was authentic and nothing was fresh. The steak was like the Philly cheese steak you would get from a frozen box and the guacamole was definitely not fresh avocado. The chips and salsa... chips were made fresh as they were still warm and salsa could be freshly made but not sure. I was disappointed the second time. Not sure if I would go back. I can make better Mexican food than this place.
5	Wow! This place is phenomenal! I stopped in to grab lunch because I was craving Mexican food before my flight. The service is fast & it's right by the airport. The salsa is awesome!! Highly recommended.
4	When I first arrived in Charlotte the first order of business was where do I need to eat before going home and this was top on the list ( grilled cheese food truck is #2). We drive up to this hole in the wall style place with a wing of outdoor seating that was packed with people. We go inside and are met by our server who was very friendly. We ordered our queso appetizer as I begin to scour the menu for goodies. Settling on the enchiladas was an excellent choice! Overall lovely experience for a quick and reasonably priced meal. If ever in the area craving authentic style Mexican foods stop in and carb up!
4	When I first arrived in Charlotte the first order of business was where do I need to eat before going home and this was top on the list ( grilled cheese food truck is #2). We drive up to this hole in the wall style place with a wing of outdoor seating that was packed with people. We go inside and are met by our server who was very friendly. We ordered our queso appetizer as I begin to scour the menu for goodies. Settling on the enchiladas was an excellent choice! Overall lovely experience for a quick and reasonably priced meal. If ever in the area craving authentic style Mexican foods stop in and carb up!!
5	Miguel's is a fantastic restaurant, the food was delicious. The a la carte menu is inexpensive and the location is ideal, right next to a hotel by the airport. The service will suffice but it's fast so I don't mind. I highly recommend.
4	A fantastic Mexican restaurant very close to the airport.  There is nothing fancy about this place, but it is perfect.  Quick, efficient service with excellent Mexican fare.  I would come here every week, if I lived in Charlotte.  Muy bien Amigos!
4	Holla! This resteraunt continues to impress me. Rustic atmosphere that makes it feel just right. Pretty much what'd you think of when you think of Mexican food. Portions are great, the beer is ice cold, and the prices are very reasonable. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the food is very basic. There isn't really anything that sets them on a much higher level from your other generic Mexican place. I do however think they are better than your basic Mexican place.  Definitely worth going in and I intend to go back!
4	Had the tamales and chimi. Food was excellent. Don't let the location intimidate you. It conveniently located near CLT airport and the nearby hotels.
5	A hidden gem who's exterior says "keep driving", but absolutely the best mexican food around.  The fajita's for two is fully loaded, and I have never found better.  The specials are good and cheap.  Their customers come from all over. Being near the airport, it is a great layover experience for travelers stuck in CLT.
5	I don't give out 5 stars. But this is a little gem. It's not TexMex and its not a taco shop its a Mexican restaurant.  As in Mexico it does not look good from the outside, in fact if it was not for yelp I would have driven right by the place. Food is great service is good.  My one note would be the portions are too big!! Yes they gave a full bar. If this was anywhere near where I live I would have my own table. I'll be back.
5	Excellent 'Dive-Mex'.  Easy to eat lunch for  less than $5.  Plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is warm
4	A true dive on the end of an access road and also on the end of an old motor lodge. While the lodge may be dead, This little joint is alive!I had under an hour to get to the airport and had the choripollo dinner. Delicious breast topped with chrorizo and cheese.Coronas are ice cold.Service is team oriented. My kinda place!
4	This a a quinsential hole in the wall. But the food is really really goid, as are the beers.
