5	Awesome office love Dr. H we have him for our boys. Great doctor listens and is patient. Lets us ask all the questions we may have, not in a hurry like most dr now in days. Staff is also good referrals office needs to improve a little on checking in on things. They are available for walk ins as long as u call in early for them to get u in. Open on saturdays always a plus!
5	Dr. Cunningham has been our pediatrician since my twins were born. She visited the NICU to check them every morning since they were only 3 lbs when they were born. They are now almost 6 and my other son is 4 and everyone is happy and healthy. We have seen all of the doctors and NPs and I highly recommend everyone in the office. They are always friendly and helpful and we can usually get in immediately if we have to. There is never a long wait and they take their time and are very thorough. I recommend this office to all of my friends. You will not be disappointed.
5	We bring our three sons to Dr. Hartsook!  He is the best Ped in town I would have to say! Always takes extra time to explain everything going on to us and is genuinely concerned about our children. I love that he will not only ask about their health but make sure their development is above average as well. I recommend him as a Ped to everyone!!!
2	Love Nurse Purtee. Hate that im always waiting over an hour past my appointment time even when im 20 minutes early. Also hate that I have to schedule immunizations over 6 weeks in advance.
2	made an apointment for a wellcheck for my daughter, was never told anything was wrong with her, no special treatment seemed to be given but when i got the bill from my insurance company they had billed my insurance company for a sick visit instead. has this happened to anyone else ? no problem with the actual care at the facility.
5	Dr H is the best.  After our 4 month old's checkup today, we will now make sure we only see him for both our kids.  Dr H spoke to us like people/family not just another patient.  You can tell he really cares about his patients and what he does for a living!
5	I researched tons of pediatric offices before my baby was born. After I interviewed West Valley Pediatrics, I knew this would be my daughter's pediatrician. The office is very clean and inviting for children. The staff is friendly. We see Dr. H and we couldn't be happier. He is the most attentive doctor I have seen ever. I never feel rushed. He takes the time to listen and answer all my questions and address my concerns. Being a first time mom, I always have a long list of questions to go over with him at our visits and he has always been so patient and is very gentle with my daughter. He is a very busy doctor and he gets booked up quickly but coming to West Valley Pediatrics is totally worth it. They also have a nurse line that you can call that I have found extremely helpful. I seriously couldn't be happier with the level of care and attention my daughter receives. They receive a huge recommendation from me!
5	Dr. Hartsook is the best! He always takes good care of our son, we never feel like we're rushed. Best pediatrician in town!
