5	I have used these guys for several services on my Audi, and they are outstanding.  They specialize in VW and Audi, and if I'm not mistaken that's all they'll work on.  One of the owners is a trained VW tech who left a local dealer a while back.I have an extended warranty on my car that only allows me to go to a dealer for repairs, but given their extensive experience with VW/Audi, my warranty company was willing to let Pro-Tech do the work rather than drive 1-2 hours to a dealer.Prices are reasonable, service is pretty fast, and their customer service is as good as you can expect from a mechanic!  It's worth saying I get the feeling these guys are super-honest and dependable.
5	I was on my way to trade my BMW in at a dealership when the engine light came on.  Pro Tech took a look and made the repair right away.  Their fee was fair.  They made my day!  I will go back next time I need something.
5	They were flexible, got us in quickly (on a Tues.)  and even corrected a mistake they made when they estimated the price.  We just had the rear brakes and rotor replaced for a 2008 Volkwagen Jetta SEL2.5, as well as an oil change.  They found a secondary problem due to us taking so long to get the brakes fixed.  Due to work schedules and having to get the work done on a Tuesday, they drove me to and from work so I could drop off the car and pick it up when it was done.  They also were very friendly and helpful during the entire process.   I would very much recommend their work in the future.
5	The two guys who run this shop have served my family for over 10 years. At every step, they have proven themselves honest and trustworthy - always making suggestions that were in our best interests. They are really experts at what they do - so abandon the dealer and take your car to Pro-Tech. You will get the straight scoop from the actual mechanic that will be doing the work! You are likely to become a long-term customer as well. We've since moved out of the area, but still recommend them to our friends in C-U.
5	After spending $$$$ and 3 trip to midas and dealer, who can't solve my engine and exhaust problem, I found this workshop on yelp. It's a very small shop with only two guys. But they definitely knows what they're doing. They're vw, audi specialists and they figure out the problem within couple hours and fixed it in 24 hours (most time are wasted on waiting parts from dealer) Only $500 to get it done. I'm very satisfied.
