2	I'm going to open up this review saying that I have several tattoos and have been into many tattoo shops in my lifetime. I am not just some college girl who wants a tattoo on spring break. Saying that, this shop had a sign out Halloween weekend for $25 tattoos. I had a couple pieces in mind that I wanted to get done (most importantly my San Francisco Giants tattoo) so I decided to just go inside and see what the dealio was. They were doing Halloween-themed only for the deal. I jokingly mentioned that mine was orange and black. When I told them what it was I wanted, one of the artists said disgustingly, "I won't do that for $25." Wow that was rude. All you had to tell me was that it didn't work for the Halloween special. Now you lost a potential customer. If you are trying to get foot traffic, being rude to your customers isn't going to help. I'll just go back to Tattooed Planet, where I don't feel judged for being a young college girl.
4	My friend and I walked in knowing about the shop, but never having been in to get tattoos. This time, we were looking to get tatted so we decided to check it out. We called on the phone first to see if it was busy and if we needed an appointment. They'd had a little traffic, but told my friend and I to come by and directed us to talk to Lorenzo. When we arrived we were greeted and asked if we could be helped. The place is very clean and adorned with framed flashes (examples of tattoo artists' work) and overall good vibe. When we threw out our tattoo proposal, we weren't ridiculed or laughed at (note: our tattoo proposal was kind of ridiculous) and about 40 minutes later we were in our way out the door both having got our small tattoos and great service. The price was reasonable as well.Our tattoos healed great and we're both satisfied. I ended up going back to Eli at Living Ghost to get a tattoo fixed up and am pleased with that experience as well. Note on the location: Unfortunately, this shop, which inhabits great talent is in a poorly located plaza with bad signage, but it exists and is worth visiting!
5	Full disclosure: I've never been here. However, my tattooer now works here, and since they hired him, I implicitly trust this shop. Here's why:Clifton Carter, until recently of San Francisco, is someone special, and his work is of the highest order. He was mentored by Ed Hardy himself at Tattoo City in San Francisco, before opening his own shop in SF, where I met him.Clif freehanded a beautiful phoenix on me, an epic cover-up that goes from shoulder to hip. It is a project, and he has handled it with grace and artistry, but he has also involved me in every step of the process, making this work feel collaborative and thus that much more personal for me. As Clif told me once, getting a tattoo is a narrative, and the piece itself is a part of the larger story. I couldn't be happier with the work, which is almost finished. However, the end of this piece will mean the end of spending time with Clif, which is a bummer. (Until I go back for more!)Clif is intelligent, intuitive, charming and funny, and he has great taste in music. He's nothing like the snide, scenester tattooers you come across out there. He will make you feel like a million bucks whether you are a 19-year old college kid or a 40-plus attorney (like me!). I can attest he will help you achieve the tattoo your heart desires. Go see him, Tempe. You're lucky to have him, and SF is a little less rich without him.
5	I'll never go to another tattoo shop again. I love the atmosphere of the shop, the artists are talented and friendly, and management truly cares about their customers.I've recommended this shop to everyone I know looking for a tattoo shop. Everyone that has gone in already loves it as well.
5	Living Ghost is one of the best if not THE best tattoo shop in Arizona, hands down. I've been tattooed here several times, and the staff is professional, friendly, honest, and extremely knowledgable. Rates are fair, and the artists are talented and experienced. If you're looking for a solid shop for flash or custom work, you will not be disappointed!
