5	Dr. Garry Core is the best dentist ever. I wish I could have brought his office with me to Florida. I just recently moved and miss Apple Dentistry already. I was a 38 year old with braces and he made it extremely tolerable and gave me an awesome smile. Can't say enough about this man. He is wonderful with kids too. My 2 girls love him and so does the wife. He was always honest and very caring....and most importantly a true professional. Make Garry your dentist!!!  The ladies in the office are critical to his success too. Keep up the great work, Dr. Core. God Bless-
5	Pure luck that Dr Core came to be my dentist.  It's a thirty minute drive to see him from where I live.  I experienced dental pain that became unbearable, there were two dentists I saw that did not find the core of the problem, one suggested extra strength Tylenol and that helped make it bearable but did not solve anything.  The second dentist took xrays and did not see the problem even when I told him right where it was.  After a cleaning, I discovered he cut a flap in my gums.  It was not until Dr Gary Core took digital images and told me of the dangerous situation of bacteria in the same area underneath that was working its way towards the nerve and about the disintegration of my jaw bone because of it.  Immediately Dr Core got me on an antibiotic for a few days.  The time it took to remove the problem tooth and build up the bone underneath, then sew up my gums was fast, maybe ten minutes, it took about as long to sedate the area.  Dr Core explained everything, he asked a lot of questions that other dentist didn't think to ask.  Weeks later I came across a story of a young man with a toothache who did not get treatment for the same kind of bacterial infection.  It put him in the hospital where he did not make it overnight.  For the first time, I realized professional dental care can uncover serious health problems.  If you want a dentist who cares and can totally trust, Dr Gary Core is the dentist of choice for me.
5	I have suffered from TMJ for close to a year now and finally decided that i could no longer take the pain of everyday  tasks, such as eating, brushing my teeth, yawning... you name it. I searched and searched for a good doctor, and had a few consultations that ended with me just being more frustrated and coming to the conclusion that i would forever be in pain. Then i found Dr. Core... upon my first visit, of course i wasnt expecting him to be any different than every other dr i had seen that told me to simply stop chewing gum... (seriously?) but he gave me a once over from everything to my jaw, to my neck, my head even my ears! He then told me WHAT was wrong and walked me through the steps as to how he would help make me better. At this point i was still wary but i thought i wold give it a shot.Fast forward to 5 months later and ive never felt better, i can actually eat a SANDWICH!!! Yes this sounds silly but i was not able to eat a sandwich in almost a year due to the pain in caused me :(  I will forever be SO thankful that i found Dr. Core and Rita who helped me every step of the way in feeling the way i do today! No more headaches, i sleep so much better AND i can eat whatever i want! I would recommend ANYONE who is suffering from TMJ to go see Dr. Core ASAP, him and his staff are amazing!!
