4	The hot pink on black on white mod theme is pretty loud. The waiter was weird and danced with the pepper shaker when the food came out. The food is AMAZING. The scallops were so tender, grilled asparagus just perfectly crisp and fresh, the filet mignon was the best thing on the menu! It came with two dipping sauces. The cocktail called the "Flamango" was the best in value. It had so much alcohol in content that it lasted a good night long!
5	The food was awesome and getting everything comped was even better.  WOOHOO!Voga is the Flamingo's new restaurant.  They've been updating the casino to be more with the times and Voga is a nice new addition.  A hip little bistro where the old Italian restaurant used to be.The bruschetta tower, lettuce wraps, and lobster tail were awesome but the best was the dessert.  Fried doughnuts and fried Twinkies with chocolate and marshmallow sauces and a creme brulee trio!  OMG!  The fried Twinkies are like a deep fried menage au trois after going thru a 3 year sexual drought in the mouth.It's a total recommend!p.s. -  It's pretty pricey so I recommend you get your Harrah's points racked up to get the meal comped!
3	Rating based on comparison of food I've had at other high-end restaurants, service, price, and hours of operation.We went to Voga since we were staying at Flamingo.  I like the decor, which is kinda what drew us to come here.  It has a very modern theme, hot pink, white and black.  We didn't need to wait for a table, we were able to call down from our room and immediately be seated when we got there.The menus were hot pink highlighter-colored leather (ew?) and only one page.  My BF and I ended up ordering the Crab cakes with Caviar for appetizer, Sea Bass with Rock Shrimp Rissoto for entree, and the Chocolate "Fun-Do" for dessert (little cuts of cheesecake with chocolate sauce for dipping - would have loved to have more a variety of choices for dipping like bananas, strawberries, marshmellows, etc.).  The food was really good, but a bit overpriced.   The crab cakes and chocolate fondu were on par with a chain restaurant a la Cheesecake Factory .  Although they were decent, I thought that for a moderately priced restaurant they would have been better - and I've definitely HAD better.  The sea bass was excellent, though, which was the quality that I expected.  We ended up paying around $80 for our entire meal including 2 glasses of their lower-priced wine.Our server was nice, but a bit slow.  It took a while for us to get our check.  Again, expecting spectacular service at a higher end restaurant.  And the hours of operation - I think they open at 5, and one night we wanted to have dinner here and they were closed at like, 9 pm!   In Las Vegas, especially on the strip, I think this restaurant would probably bring in more business if they had a longer range of hours! If I hadn't experienced nicer restaurants that give more overall experience for the price, this place would have gotten more stars from me.  But for the price, the quality of the food, and the service, I expected more.
3	The food was absolutely DELICIOUS, one of the best salads I have ever had. The service, however, was a bit off. The hostess was really snobby, but she had no reason to be, seeing how the place was practically empty. When the waiter came over, I ordered rosemary french fries and the guy brought out calamari. I was so confused, he barely spoke English, which I wouldn't mind, but when it affects your ability to do your job, its a problem. The food made up for the weird and slow service (it took forever getting the bill), and the atmosphere was chic, so I guess I'm a fan.
3	...Had a slice of pepperoni pizza. It was okay. ...Could have been more well done. ...Wait was long with only one staffer ringing up customers.
3	Their pizza is good.
