1	They don't have the combo with two sausage egg mcmuffins. I wake up, on Easter, go and think I'll have a delightful fast food breakfast, drive around in an unfamiliar city, finally make it to those golden arches and into the drive thru and what do I get? My dreams crushed. My soul shattered. Needless to say if I'm in Phoenix again I will NOT be coming here for nourishment.
1	This is one of the worst McDonald's locations I have ever been to. It's always bad and doesn't matter what time or day they consistently disappoint.
1	This has to be one of the worst McDonalds I have ever been to they are extremely slow even during the middle of the night, after midnight they seem to never be able to do any transactions other than debit card and most not all of the staff are rude.  I keep going hoping that maybe they mad some type of miraculous change in staff and pace but of course I am always let down.... I am typing this as I wait for my chicken nuggets
1	I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one. By the time I get to the register it's 10:30 and I am told I can't order breakfast even though I was in line before 10:30. The cashier let me order breakfast anyway - all I want is a McMuffin - and I proceed to wait twenty minutes to even get my order. I might have been able to forgive this considering there were two huge orders ahead of mine (Easter breakfast for the whole family, I guess) except my McMuffin was soggy, and my iced coffee was so stale I couldn't taste the flavored syrup in it. Worst of all, even after I got my food, I still had to wait for my coffee, because they had decided to make coffee for other orders first. You can be sure I will do my very best to never come here again.
1	Has got to be the worse mcdonalds I have ever been too. I thought all the other reviews were just being mean, but they're right. I walked in at 1:20pm on a Thursday. There was one family waiting for ice cream cones but other than that, no one else was in line or near the counter. I watched as the cashier got the ice cream cones made and handed to the kids and even when she looked at me and I smiled at her, she still did not return the smile or greet me. There was another worker bagging drive thru food and another employee sweeping the floor. All of them looked directly at me. Not one of them greeted. I waited for 10 minutes WITH NO ONE ELSE IN LINE before I finally was asked what I wanted. They were all talking to each other and joking around with the cooks about nonsense. I finally got my drink, the soda was flat, and when I got my food, the buns were stale and the fried were old and cold. The seats were falling apart. The booth I sat in moved every time the teen on the other side of it moved. They then made it a game and continued to move it and laugh about it with their friends. One woman sat in another booth next to mine and the seat nearly collapsed to the ground because of how unstable it was. I was just looking for cheap dollar menu before work but this wasn't even worth the dollar.
2	I WOULD RATE MY EXPERIENCE A FIVE. But no croutons on the side salad what's up with that??  staff was very friendly  the two.double.cuz burgers that added up to a little.over a third.of a.pound where very delicious. BUT NOT CROUTONS ON MY SIDE.SALAD  ?!?!
2	I mean I know it's McDonalds but for the third night in a row their ice cream machine was down. Fortunately Wendy's next door was open and there's does work
1	This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to and it's surprising how bad it is. Their sweet tea taste like sewer water and it's not even sweet. I can't even finish the drink! Had to toss it. Their fries are not salty whatsoever and it's so dry. Never again.
