4	I love going here for some good southern soul food.  It is set up like a traditional cafeteria, where you walk down a line and order each item individually.  I always order entirely too much by the end of the line, but I find somewhere to tuck it in my little belly.  The line cooks here are all sweethearts.  "What can I get for ya honey?" or maybe, "You need to get a little more, you're a growing boy!"  Well, I am twenty three, but I still get a kick out of it.  I wish all of these ladies where my grandmother.  Killer mac and cheese here, the key lime pie is nice too.  The crowd is mostly older, but it is an all around wholesome down-south experience.
4	K&W can be a lot of fun if you're looking for comfort food. They cook like my mom and grandma...everything is southern, mushy, and well-seasoned. I love to get a sample of every vegetable on the line.It's kind of reminiscent of elementary school cafeteria lines, which is always fun. The staff is very friendly and syrupy-sweet, which can be pretty nice. I think this is a great place to go if you're in the right mood for it. It can be a disaster if it's too busy or if you're not looking for a revisiting of your childhood days...especially when the place is really busy. Sometimes on Sunday afternoons, the church crowds can be overwhelming...but overall, it's a good, safe place for no-atmosphere and great food.
4	Very good Dutch apple pie. And friendly service. The prices are about what you'd pay at any other eating establishment that's fast food. However, you can enjoy your meal in a cozy sit down environment.
4	I always feel like I'm back in school b/c it looks and feels like a cafeteria when you first walk in.  You actually get a tray and stand in line while picking out food that servers place on plates for you.  They have a wide selection of southern comfort food though.  The usual fried chicken, fried pork chops, fried fish (catching the trend), collared greens, cabbage, macaroni and cheese, etc.  They do have about three or four selection of salad to choose from (Cesar, Spinach, Garden).  I always end of looking over everything, holding up the line, and then end of getting what I usually get...Baked Spaghetti w/ yams or Sweet Potato Souffle. Theirs a lot more sides to choose from (can't mention them all) and they usually change up every other day.  At the end of the line is a choice of desserts and beverages.  Between the two of us we end up spending about $13 - $16 together for everything (I guess it just depends on how hungry you are b/c everything is individually prices)
4	K  & W is one of those places that you might have to have special memories associated with eating here to eat here on the regular! Every time my grandmother or extended family comes to town we eat at the K & W. Cafeteria style and very southern food is what you'll find here. It's not fancy AT ALL, but that's not why I come. This reminds me of my childhood in Winston-Salem and I have fond memories of eating here on Sunday with my grandparents. I probably gain 5 pounds after a meal at the K & W, but it's worth it. I'll be back when grandmother comes to town next and I'll enjoy every moment of it!
1	Was a loyal customer for years. They treat you like garbadge. Aside from Larry the management here is very unprofessional and nasty
3	Ate here with my Mom, Sister and other family members Easter Sunday.Even though the place was packed, the serving line moved at a steady pace. The server that waited on our section, always kept our tea and coffee full and checked on us often.The food was good, but the prices have risen to the point that a cafeteria is just not the bargain it used to be.I started with deviled eggs and got just 2 halves for $1.40. A fried chicken breast added another $3.40, and with mashed potatoes and gravy, a roll, a piece of pie, and a glass of tea with tax pushed my bill just north of $10.It was not that long ago that meal would have been in the $6-$7 range.I noticed that the last time my wife and ate together at a cafeteria, our meals that used to cost us around $14 has now risen to close to $20.Like I said the food was good, not great and does not justify the higher prices.
5	This was the cutest place. Cafeteria style with a variety of southern dishes to choose from. Plus there are bus people that come and clear your dishes and refill your water. It is a relaxed atmosphere as it is mostly older individuals dining there.
4	Had lunch here over the weekend with my father-in-law and husband. Things I like about K&W. 1. You get to see what you're ordering before you order it. 2. Service- The staff is usually courteous and super friendly. 3.Food- It's no 5 star restaurant but it's decent southern fried, stick to your ribs food. 4. Price - 3 people can easily eat here for under $30The waitresses are usually overworked here. I highly recommend that if you are eating here and you receive good service to leave a decent tip. The staff is usually older and they pride themselves on their work. I say this because my husband witnessed some guests being rude to one of the waitresses and he left her a larger tip on purpose for what she was having to put up with.
