4	This Pharmaprix is pretty well stocked with pretty much anything you might need. They have a good selection of cosmetics and typical drugstore items as well as a decent selection of grocery items and magazines. The store is clean and relatively well organized.
4	Well stocked, but they didn't have the Vicks infused tissues the wife has come to love. My favorite item is the Bowel Buddy biscuits.
4	Very large by downtown standards and has a large variety of household items and food stuff.There's a clinic on the side, so it's the closest pharmacy for that, close to Metro, Buses, students etc. One of these places that keeps downtown humming along.
1	Awful customer service from the pharmacist on duty. Waited for 40 minutes only to find they called the wrong place for my referral when he said I'm not on file, which I only discovered by accident as he was being rude and dismissive (saying the Queen Mary had never heard of me, when I'd told them the Queen Elizabeth!)Then they couldn't find the Queen Elizabeth pharmacy in the system (the chain's fault) so I had to spend 20 minutes figuring out how to find it through back channels on my smartphone for them. By the time I did find it, they turned to to have been closed the entire time. Wasted an hour in total and couldn't refill my prescription, the night before a trip so I'll have to take time off work to do it. The whole time the pharmacist was unpleasant and unapologetic for this shitty experience. I get that there are elements out of their control, but to make me wait 40 minutes while talking to the wrong pharmacy is an error they should have acknowledged as being inconvenient instead of being petulant about it.I have never even left a Yelp review before, but this was so astoundingly & needlessly awful I had to. Do not come here if you want good service. There are plenty of awesome pharmacists at other outlets who are much more deserving of your repeat business.
1	The store it self is good. No issues. The pharmacy however is terrible. Wait times are 40min to over an hour easy. Terrible service.
