3	Cosmetics counters have a strange effect on me...I get somewhat carried away by the products being sold to me.  If I don't get it, I am convinced that I will miss my chance at eternal beauty and youth.Anyways, you won't get much customer service compared to department stores.  This is an outlet for Estee Lauder company products, so you should try to identify what you want prior to your visit.  They do have testers, q-tips, and tissue paper for you to play around with.  The product choices are limited so if you're lucky, you'll find your shade of foundation here.  I'm not that lucky so I end up spending money on stuff I never knew I needed until I came in here and all the discount price tags just kept leaping at me.
3	This place carries MAC, Bobbi Brown, Estee Lauder, Clinique, and Perspectives cosmetics (just to name a few brands). The prices are mostly $2-$10 less than the original price. I was ecstatic to find this place. I will definitely return to get more MAC products whenever I'm going to Vegas.
4	The only reason I'm giving CCO 4 stars is because of its products and the variety of them. They have MAC, Clinique, Lancome and other namebrand skincare, makeup, and parfumes for few dollars cheaper. Granted the MAC products are from last season but, all of MAC's products are just a slight change of color from one blue/green/pink/etccc to another (most of the time)..they just change the names. The best thing I've found there was that they have Clinque's infamous daily moisturizer lotion and gel...THAT STUFF IS GOLD! I told the cashier I was shocked to see that they sold that and she said they sell out of them quick but, they do carry 'em.The only negative which is a BIG negative in retail is that the customer service SUCKKKKSSSSSS BIG BALLLLLSSSSS --- No "hi." No "bye." Sometimes, I don't even get a "thank you." ---- REALLY??! Again. The only reason for the 4 stars are the products!
3	When I make a trip to the outlet mall in downtown, I have to hit this store. Yes, i'm giddy if I can buy MAC products with a 20% or more discount, and I don't care if it's last season's colors! It's a true Vegas crapshoot, tho..They may not have your color, or the last bit of product may have been tested by some inconsiderate jerk. It's fun, and saving $$ is good.
5	I'm a big fan of this store- all the Estee Lauder owned brands under one roof- Origins, Clinique, Bobbie Brown, Lancome, etc. are right here (I love MAC). Large variety of fragrances including Estee Lauder's signature scent "Beautiful." I might not always buy something here, but I am sure tempted to do so. The supplies (tissues, swabs, cotton balls located on top of the displays with trash cans nearby) to test the products, is just another helpful push to do just that. A good place to see if something will go well with your skin tone, is right on your hand. Wipe off and toss in the bin. Since I go to this one the most, I buy more from this store. If I can get MAC products for 20%-30% less, I'm all for it. The last time we went here, I got a new MAC lipstick in a neutral brown shade (this is probably my favorite MAC item by far- almost obsessed with MAC lipstick). There are foundation compacts, eye shadows (singles, doubles, and quads), lipstick, lip glass, lip liners, eye liners, makeup cases, and much more. I don't really care that it's past season stuff. It's not like anyone is going to know unless you're a full fledged makeup artist. (The only other place to go for MAC products, if you want to pay full price are department store like Macy's, Dillard's & Nordstrom. Oops, and the free standing MAC stores, of course.) You ask the girl at the counter for the specific product and she will ring you up there.   Husbands are welcome to sit outside, where there are benches (ha-ha). Sometimes all the fragrances inside is a bit much, I understand.
2	They have a variety of makeup lines but the selection of products was pretty scarce when I went in. The options they have for MAC, which was what I was shopping for, was really limited and most of what they did have was opened, broken, or looked really used. On top of that the customer service was terrible. The three employees working sat behind the register the entire time, no greeting or asking if I needed any help- which I did. Pretty disappointed. I'll be going to the indoor location next, hopefully there's a little more options.
