5	Awesome.  A very livable and navigable city that feels much smaller than 4 million people.  They have a bustling downtown and old city, along with a major park and active arts and nightlife districts.  And it's definitely cleaner than any major American city I've ever been to (although Portland, OR is close).  The predominate language is French, but most Montrealers are bilingual in French and English.  The Metro (subway) is a definite plus.
5	This is a crazy city, and I love it more than I can say. Riddled with corruption and perpetual construction, with no ocean for miles, you'd think a place like this might lose it's soul, but instead it made a home for burlesque stars and booze runners during prohibition; fought back against urbanization trends that made parking lots out of other old city centres; made a home for the largest per-capita population of artists anywhere in Canada; fostered and fought for a completely unique bilingual culture; and continues to scrap for affordable education and health care. It's not all good and golden, and I look forward to reading others reviews and stories, but for sure I have at least 5 stars worth of love for Montreal.
4	Montreal is a beautiful, but large city that contains quite alot of architecture to look at. During the winter (when I visited), it was VERY cold usually dipping into the single digits (F) to negative temperatures. Their downtown is quite large and contains an "underground" city that goes for miles. Above ground there are many sight-seeing attractions that are all within a walking distance of each other, including the Bell Centre, Place des Arts, Complex Desjardins, Notre Dame Basilica, St. Patrick's Church, Chinatown and Old Montreal. I highly recommend taking the Metro to the outskirts of the city as it is very easy to get acclimated to it. They have a small Metro system, but it's clean, efficient and easy to access. I would love to come here in the summer as well when it is warmer, but if you want to experience Montreal for it's well documented cold weather then definitely come here in December-February!
5	Can't love this place enough. Remarkably functional for such a corrupt hellhole. If I wanted smooth roads, nice weather, trustworthy landlords, and short ER waits, I'd move to Scottsdale. And you should too, prospective condo-buyers.
5	I love this city since a child. If you think Boston driving is aggressive. ..try it here.  Many quality chain and boutique hotels around the city. It's a young vibe city with countless places to hang out and meet women. This applies to you ladies as well.
5	Loved this city.  Extremely bike friendly and the city is just absolutely beautiful.  Definitely one of the top cities I've ever visited.
5	What a wonderful city to visit, I can only imagine how amazing this city would be to live in. It is possible to do anything one would wish to do, hiking, biking, sightseeing, etc. The city boasts such a terrific array of cuisines, and all the restaurants we visited while there were amazing. There seems to be a lot of life filling the city, a Sunday drum circle in the park, why not go and bang on a dlembe? Need to get across town but dont want to take the subway or a cab? Grab a rental bike at such an affordable rate and tool around.    Want to take in some truly beautiful sights? take a walk to one of the many parks in the city and grab a patch of grass and post up. The museums don't let down either. There are so many things to do here, I can see myself living there and never feeling bored. Even though my hubs and I basically just returned from here we look forward to making a return visit sooner rather than later.
3	Hello!! I am a new yelper. I come alone 3 weeks ago to Montreal to study and I am looking for places to ride bike in groups,  or a social activity to go out, get funny,  and makes friends. Any to suggest to me?
