5	I am a transplanted Midwesterner, so I love me some breakfast.  And by breakfast I mean:  Hashbrowns, sausage, bacon, pancakes, and biscuits and gravy.  Mike and Rhonda's makes a mean breakfast with huge portions.  For $7 you can have bacon/sausage/ham with hashbrowns, 2 eggs, and biscuits & gravy/pancakes/toast.  Come hungry or share.They also serve classic american lunch fare:  burgers, chicken strips, fries, meatloaf, etc.
5	This is the number one hangover breakfast joint of all time.Breakfast's are huge and delicious, just like mama would have used to make, if mama were one of those mamas, that used to make such meals. Mike and Rhonda have the sort of joint that my grandfather loves. He doesn't drink, but for some reason he eats nothing but excellent hang-over food. Sometimes I go there sober with him.The biscuits and gravy are possibly the best I have ever had, though addmittedly this is only because the biscuits are so amazing they carry the mediocre gravy.The service is fast and efficient. I have never had to hold my aching, drowsy, hung-over head up long before the food arrived, and the giant drink glasses are perfect for re-hydrating.
4	4.5 stars. The man and I decided that since these are our last two days in Arizona, we needed to try as many non-chain places as possible. Also, since all of our kitchen is packed in boxes, we needed some breakfast food this morning. Yelp to the rescue and cue..Mike & Rhondas!Wow. This place definitely lived up to the hype. You know you've found a keeper when they have advertisements around the boarder of the menu. I got a build-your-own omelette with egg whites only (yesssss!!), peppers, onions, ham, and pepperjack cheese. It came with hashbrowns and I ordered fruit instead of breads. No extra charge! The man ordered "The hungry man" meal which came with 3 eggs, 2 sausage patties, hashbrowns, and three HUGE biscuts with gravy...the size of your head!! The battle between my man and the hungry man ended in a doggie bag to take home.. neither of us could finish our meals. We brought home what could easily be a third meal.Friendly, ridiculously fast service. I only wish I had found this place 2 years ago when I first moved here, rather than 2 days before I was leaving!!
5	I've been eating at Mike & Rhonda's "The Place" for years. Having attended NAU I was introduced to Mike & Rhonda's almost 20 years ago (insert hacking sound referencing length of time).They are consistently good. Portions are HUGE and easily make for a nice take home meal. The food isn't outstanding, but it's good and the service is remarkable considering that they are almost always full to the gills.This is the perfect spot to take yourself after imbibing a little too much the night before or after church when you are being good.
5	Love this place... excellent for the morning after bar hopping when you are too exhausted to even make yourself coffee.And nothing beats good food for not much money.Two people for 9.00... bring it on.I have had the hungry man special, the two egg deal (which they recently increased their prices, probably due to demand because they are PACKED every time I'm in there, even during the week), their breakfast burrito and a couple of their omelets.I haven't been failed yet.  The service is awesome, the menu is simple and easy to read and everybody seems friendly, and it's well lit.  A well rounded group of people are in there, from the senior citizens to the hungover tattoo artists I've seen.I would definitely recommend... it's just like Mom's home cooking.
3	2.5-3 I really wanted to love this place! Good morning Veterans day, YAHOO day off for teachers! My boyfriend suggested we get breakfast to celebrate not having to wake up at 5am. He suggested some of our usual favorites (Kiss the Cook, Black Bear diner, etc...) but I have really been slacking on my yelping and wanted to try something new and delicious. I consulted my friends at YELP and was SO excited to find what I thought would be another hidden gem only a few miles from our place... We got there around 10:45 and the place was PACKED! This made us very excited because usually a packed place = solid food, solid service. We had a tiny wait and had a great little booth spot. After about 5 minutes our server...for the sake of kindness, lets call her grouchy girl...flew over and literally threw menus at us. Not cool. She then came back for our drink order and seemed greatly put-out by our request for water with our coffees. Sorry for that extra 36 seconds we requested from you grouchy girl. The menu looked great! I love the simple idea of creating your own omelet. I had an egg white omelet with chicken (had never done this before and loved it!), tomatoes, spinach, onion, avocado. The omelets come with all kinds of greasy starchy goodness which I turned down for a bowl of fruit. Grouchy girl clearly did not like this choice. My boyfriend went with the waffle breakfast with bacon and scrambled eggs. He enjoyed the waffle and bacon but the eggs really did look bizarre. Looking around the room I noticed a lot of biscuits and gravy...maybe this is where we went wrong but either way, I doubt we will return.
3	Honestly, I live right around the corner from this place. I have been eating here since high school and now I'm graduating college. This is the breakfast spot, I get the omelets or the breakfast burrito and they usually come with pancakes!! The place IS always packed but it's never a long wait for a table. You get a great deal for your money, the portion size is definitely worth it and usually turns into two meals. This was a 4-5 star review up until this point, and now they only get 3 from me. The rude waitress thing is a problem for me. These high school girls with their ratted up hair and overdone makeup at 6 AM need an attitude check. More often than not I get a snooty, curt waitress who resents bringing me a clean fork or a fresh pot of coffee. I don't care if there is gum under the table, that the food is greasy or that the blueberry pancake syrup is really colored sugar water; all I want is a polite waitstaff that doesn't roll their eyes at me. Mike and Rhonda, I love you and it's nothing personal, but give me a better waitress and I'll give you a better review.
4	East Coast breakfasts served up here, in more ways than one.  There are a few southern breakfast items, but largely this is where you go for your 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and choice of meat.Modest, casual atmosphere that screams diner to you, and normally the service is quite friendly.  Pancakes or French Toast are my regular picks, and I never miss the hashbrowns on the side with a bottomless cup of coffee.Reasonable prices.  Located in a small corner of a strip mall, SE corner of interesection.  Avoid rush hour times for breakfast, especially weekends.
5	The best diner ever!  WHY you ask:Service_Fast_Throw any variations, or complicated instructions at them, your dish will still come out perfect._They will refill your coffee cup or any other beverage before you ask.Food-Visit 1 $16 bill_Oatmeal, no milk, raisins & brown sugar on the side, 2 slices of Simply Bread Wheat toast dry, 3 egg whites dry, black coffee.  Absolute power breakfast and came out exactly as ordered.  Perfection._MG had the chicken fried steak, gravy on the side, 2 biscuits as big as your face, hashbrowns and I ate the egg whites.  The steak was also familiarly great, the hashbrowns, crispy and not overly buttery, gravy perfectly salted.Food-Visit 2 $13 bill_I had the same except for only one piece of toast and it came out screaming perfection again._MG had the Corned Beef Hash breakfast, again familiarly salty and delicious, with the fluffy Simply Bread Wheat toast, and half a plates worth of hashbrowns, I ate the egg whites.Food-Visit 3 $15 bill_ I ventured out of my comfort zone and after 2 hours at the gym needed a lil more than oatmeal.  I had a slice of the fluffy toast and a 3 egg white dry omelette with no cheese, moist chicken breast, abundant spinach, light avocado, mushroom and cooked through onion.  It was beyond filling and thoroughly satisfied my tastebuds._MG had the hashbrowns and biscuitgravy that came from my meal.  Along with some extra sausage patties that were moist and crispy.Please go to The Place if you are down for great food, great service, great prices.
4	OMG I JUST CAME FROM "THE PLACE"...  And I'm stufffffed!EXCELLENT TASTING, BIG PORTIONS OF FOOD!EXCELLENT FAST SERVICE!PRICES WERE REASONABLE!I only had to wait 10 minutes for a table.. not bad!  And so well worth it!The only reason they don't get a five star is because they don't serve alcohol...  I love a bloody mary or a mimosa with my brunch!  But this is definitely a favorite for me... It's only like 2 miles from my home too, so awesome!
4	First time visitor: Found via yelp.Isn't it always the way. Just as we found somewhere fun to eat for breakfast  along comes something shinier , newer and  a wee bit less crazier than Otto's mountains of food.Coffee is much better than the dishwater I've been getting at many morning places too.  I love the choice given for filling up the breakfast burrito   In my case a Chorizo, mushroom and Jalapeno and a choice of cheese plus the usual suspects. Not greasy, not anything other than  great and a reasonable size to be filling yet not require an extended nap for the remainder of the day.  Hashbrowns are kinda bland, nicely crisped but lacking in anything underneath. The corned beef hash was good, didn't appear overly salty and mixed in nicely with ketchup (blasphemy:) ) Service wise, Heather, was a whirlwind of courteous, timely service as were all the people we interacted with.  Seriously the public intensity I've only seen in Waffle houses without the accompanying ear crushing cacophony of shouted orders and plate clacking. Only bringing this up since others have made it a negative point  and I stress I've only been here once to date. This is easily worth 15 mins wait for  on a Sat Morning for the adherence to your order, speed and quality of the food that comes out. Does not take Amex.  - 1/2 starhash browns bland  in the middle -1/2 star
5	My hubby and i decided to give this place a try for breakfast.  We had been looking for a good local place to go and enjoy a hearty breakfast/brunch, after long night of patying...The overall appearance of the place didn't feel cozy, but we had no wait and our server was very attentive, lively, and just plain pleasant.The food was GREAT, and we were served quickly! I did notice that we were surrounded by huge people...i guess they must be "regulars"...LOL!Overall a great experiance, loved the food and will visiting again soon...Hope not to become "regulars", but a big hearty brunch won't hurt us!!!
5	This is what real diner food is.  This sort of greasy, no frills place, is probably more true to the diners of my youth than those same old diners are today (I'm looking at you, Pano's).Reminiscing aside, the food here is good.  It's not healthy, but that just means it's really good.  The serving sizes are big, but not the way some places give you a lot of food to make up for the fact it's not good food.  Every omelet I've had here has been filled with fresh meats, cheese, and vegetables.  The eggs alone are cooked with BUTTER and SALT like all eggs should be.  The coffee is the generic dark diner    variety and perfect for those days that you crave this type of food the most (you know the ones I mean).Actually, the home fries are the only thing I can even think to complain about.  These are the home fries I love, shredded and fried on a flat top.  All I need to do is ask for them to be a bit crispier, and I'd be happy.  Personally, I find them a little too soft on the inside.  Am I gonna knock a star off for that?  No, they're still damn good.Anyway, go there at least once.  You may not go there daily/weekly/etc after, but you'll be glad to know where it is when you need to find a place with coffee and greasy food.
3	I guess I expected too much when we came here because I was just a little less than impressed.  I LOVE breakfast food.  In fact, aside from dessert, it's definitely my favorite meal of the day.  Unfortunately I just wasn't blown away with this restaurant.The interior is kinda bad.  The furniture/booths all look like they came from a 70's diner and there is also a really bad tile job done on the walls.  It looks like it belongs in a cheap Italian restaurant, not a diner.  All the tables are extremely close too, but I don't mind that.  I say maximize your space when you can.  Just be warned if you freak out when people are close to your personal space.The menu is relatively varied and the prices are all fair.  I was, however, a little surprised at 3.50 for a side of bacon.  For my breakfast, I got a Belgian Waffle (on the menu it says Belgium Waffle and I laughed) and a side of bacon.  The waffle was tasty and quite fluffy.  It was served with two types of syrups, regular maple and a blueberry.  Both were delicious.  The bacon was good, but the ends were strangely "beef-jerky" like.  Overall, my meal was good and filling.Service was pretty much on par with any breakfast/diner place.  They took your order, brought your food and drinks, and then pretty much left you alone after that.  That's always a good thing at breakfast, because I don't really like to linger.  The Place isn't bad but it isn't my favorite either.
4	The food here is really only 3 stars.  It's okay but not nearly as good as I expected from such a hyped place.  I swear NoPho people act like this is the greatest addition since Arrowhead.  I was expecting a Matt's-like meal and I got some of the lamest "texas french toast" I've ever seen.  It wasn't bad tasting by any means but I've had better french toast sticks from Burger King.What makes it a 4-star experience is the service.  Not only do they run through tables at a breakneck pace but they also have attentive and helpful servers who can carry 12 plates on each arm.  These octopus servers at least gave me something to watch after I finished my child-sized french toast.  I might go back and try something more greasy-spoon but for now, I'd rather just go to the Black Bear Diner down the road.
4	We loved the "Mike & Ronda's" In Flag and the one at 51st ave and Bell is just as good. Best diner breakfast in town. The prices are great also. Try the Hungryman.
4	Cheap, fast and tasty! I am thrilled to have a NAU staple in my hood. Greasy spoon dining at its best in NorPho. It's almost always busy and that adds to experience. My wife, son and I can leave there stuffed for under $15. We hit The Place almost every week.
4	Typical diner-style establishment, with greasy yummy breakfast food served all day. Just my pace after a night of drinking that caused me to rise bright and early at....1pm. The service was excellent, I didn't have to ask for any of my 4 coffee refills. Portions were huge! The biscuits were delicious and buttery, just melted in your mouth. I decided on a made to order egg white omelet with pepper jack, green chili and avocado that came with two biscuits and hash browns. RM ordered the corned beef hash breakfast that was accompanied by two eggs, hash browns and biscuits and gravy. With beverages, the bill was about $18! What a deal. If you crave greasy but tasty breakfast, with great service for a steal, you have to try The Place. You will leave with a full belly, ready for a nap.
5	Love this place, I think the food is really good, I switch from Breakfast Burrito to an omlette, eggs are always cooked perfectly. Its usually busy  but I never seem to wait too long, probably because the wait staff is always running around, they are very quick and efficent. I have never made in for lunch but I have always wanted, I just dont live or work in the area so I just come over for B-fast. Good food, great portions, good prices.
3	I am a fan of diners so I wanted to check The Place out.   It's located in the corner of a decaying strip mall on the edge of Glendale and Phoenix.  Trying to keep the outside appearance of the restaurant looking nice, which it does.  The inside looks almost like a cafeteria with not much decor to make it stand out with character.  The food to me was greasy(which is desired for diners), but I wasn't getting the great flavors to match it.This Place may be a local favorite for many people.  The service may be the reason that keeps patrons coming back.  I on the other hand will continue to look for other restaurants that know how to execute on all levels.
4	This place was one of my first outings with my bf... So its gonna rate high in my book irregardless:-) After going on and on about how Im disappointed in the lack of breakfasty type places in PHX .. he said I know 'The Place'.. (teehee).. The Place was packed.. but we got a booth .. friendly service.. I got the perfect poached egg.. because that is pretty much the only way I will have my eggs.. and darnit.. they better be right!.. We split a buttery pancake.. So I love this place.. I mean, umm.. The Place!
5	Grew up on Mike and Rondas in Flagstaff.  Its awesome to have one here where I live now.    I cant really tell you about anything there but the Steak Strips with Eggs meal, because thats all I ever get.  I'm addicted to it.I'm a simple guy that doesnt care for the frills, just a place to sit, a clean table and good service.  If you want real food cooked with plenty of love, this is your place to eat.
1	Three of us ate here around noon. The food is still hanging around my stomach at 4PM. Not a good sign. The decor is a cross between a cheap office building and a cheap restaurant. I would have forgiven the terrible interior, if the food would have been anything else but what it had. The food, my friends, was a cross between airport food, bad diner food, and play dough. Ok, the play dough was an exaggeration, but it was crappy to say the least. The french toast was small, substandard, and boring. The eggs were average. The hash browns were crispy on the outside, but mushy on the inside. They also came with a nice size imprint of half our servers hand (Yummy-yumsters!!!) The biscuits were alright. I guess the worst thing about eating here, besides the food, was the feeling that no one truly wanted to be there. The servers or the customers. Why isn't there a really good place for breakfast in such a big city? No matter where I go, I am not blown away at all. Sad really.
3	I knew I was going to like this place from the start.  They open at 6AM for breakfast and there were several pickups in the parking lot when I got there about 6:20 on a Saturday.I was quickly greeted by a seated server busy texting before her shift started and invited to sit anywhere.  She looked up and noticed I was reading the chalk board with the specials and mentioned that board was not yet updated.  I grabbed a small booth even though I prefer tables but I didn't want to take a 4 top by myself on a Saturday.  That early I should have taken a table as there were still plenty by the time I left.  Tim greeted me quickly and got my cup of decaf coming and took my order.  This mornings special was a well executed eggs Benedict with choice of potatoes ($7.99).  The potatoes lacked any grease but that kept them a bit on the flavorless side, cannot please everybody I guess.I like this place.  Rock music at a decent level.  Friendly service.  My cup was never empty.  My meal was up less than a minute before it was brought to my table.  The acoustics are a bit loud, even at about a third full the conversation noise level was fairly high.  A very high 3.
4	Super cool place for laid back types... you can tell this place has it's regulars. I loved that it had a diverse crowd and a welcoming environment. The staff was definitely on it's toes for lunch time and they didn't miss a beat! I heard this was the place to go for breakfast, but since I came here for lunch I ordered the chicken fried chicken sandwich and it hit the spot. I love that this place is tucked away yet seems to not have any trouble getting business. It's pretty close to work so I'm sure I've got a new place to hit up for grabbing a bite to eat.
4	The most important thing (in my opinion) that makes a breakfast restaurant good is their willingness to accommodate substitutions. Any restaurant with a "no substitution" policy is officially off my list. But fortunately for me, Mike and Ronda's The Place has a very generous substitution policy. I ordered the Build Your Own Omelet, which comes with meat of your (assuming you eat meat), cheese and veggies of your choice. My waitress was more than happy to add as many veggies as necessary to compensate for my lack of meat. And after the omelet, there were hashbrowns and toast. I swear, the food just wouldn't end! And the hashbrowns are the really good kind, like you would get at IHOP or Denny's. That's right, the REALLY good kind!!The service was great, the food was even better, and the menu has tons of options. If you're searching for breakfast in the west valley, you're making a huge mistake if you don't opt for The Place.
4	I really like the place.  Went again this morning and it was very statisfying.   It was 10am on a Thursday and they still had a full house.  Like my brother Justin L.  I switch between a burrito and the omelet  Had the build your own omelet today you choose one meat, one cheese and up to three toppings, which isn't enough for me but it's easy to add more.  I had ham, pepper jack, avacado, tomato, mushroom, green chilis and bellpeppers.  Its served with some hash browns and your choice of biscuit and gravy, toast, or english muffin.  I hadt the biscuit & gravy so the BF could have it.  He had the special of the day which was polish sausage, potatoes, bell peppers, etc, etc, with 2 eggs over easy and toast.  I love toast, hate gravy so it was perfect.  His was yummy.  Mine was fabulous, I'm not a breakfast person, but I ate my whole omelet!!!!  mmmmmmmm, then there is Tabasco on the table and i'm pretty much addicted to that stuff, so tons of green, a bit of red and it's good too go.    I like it, I love it, I want some more of it!! ^-^  cheesY
5	I've gotta start by saying that this place is not fancy. It's a simple down home restraunt. The food is your everyday breakfast food done right. Just like mom would cook. The prices are very fair and the portions are enough to fill anyone. The pancakes are just what a pancake should be. Fluffy and tasty. If you come here make sure to get biscuts and gravy. The rolls and biscuts are huge. Come hungrey and don't expect white table cloths and French waiters. They close at three so get down there soon! Chase out
3	We come here for breakfast and its always pretty good.  The place is crazy busy on the weekends so expect a  wait but not to long.  Its pretty crowded and can be a little hectic.  The prices are great and the portions are huge.  Nothing fancy just a good place to get breakfast.
4	On lazy Saturday mornings this is were I head. The Place is no frills, reasonably priced, down home cooking & has hands down, THE BEST coffee of any diner I've ever been to! My favorite is their omelet with chorizo, bell pepper, tomato & sour cream with wheat toast on the side. The portions are pretty big, so normally takes the place of two meals for me, lol I've read all the complaints about the staff, but I have to say that for as many times as I've been there (& it's ALWAYS busy) I've had great waitresses & no ones ever been rude. If you get there early, you have a better chance of not having to wait in a long line to be seated, maybe ;)
5	Wow! That was a great breakfast... maybe it was the quality at a low price... maybe it was the large serving size... maybe it was the great and fast service... I'm pulling out the five stars for this one and I'll be back soon.
4	"There is no place like the place"This is correct. If you are a soon to be dentist with a hippocritical sweet tooth problem this is not THE place. But for people who don't believe sprinkles should be the only condiment on the table it is good and affordable.
5	This place is not only the best bang for my buck, but consistently good when it comes to food quality (it's not low fat if that's what you're looking for) & outstanding service. The portions are huge, so if you're a guy you won't need to eat off other peoples plates when you're done with yours (you know you do it!). The food itself is diner food, yes, but it's OUTSTANDING diner food. As far as service, no one is going to kiss your behind here, but you're treated with respect & courtesy & your coffee cup is never empty.This last visit I had the 1/2 order of ham, eggs over easy, skillet potatoes & wheat toast. I of course washed it all down with their delicious coffee, which to this date is still the best I've had in a restaurant.
3	Good food, good prices, great service. But way too busy and it affects your eating experience.After finding this place after a trusty Yelp search, there was a bit of a line. After 15 minutes we were seated in a smallish booth for four people. The waitress was excellent with fast service on drinks and taking orders. Portions were mammoth (as promised by other Yelpers), but still quality in taste and appearance. $35 for 4 people with drinks isn't too bad price wise.My only complaint keeping this place from 4 stars was the manic movements of the waitresses which resulted in my just not being comfortable. It just felt rushed and uncomfortable, even though the waitresses were not pushing us out. It's hard to explain, so see for yourself. This place needs an expansion and more comforting decor. Worth a try, but you'll feel like your in a fast food joint.
4	Love going to this place for breakfast for a few reasons.1) It is not a chain restaurant!2)The portions are insanely huge and the prices are great!3)The food is awesome.4)All of the servers have worked here forever and are awesome at their jobs.If you are in North Glendale you need top make a stop in. They also have a location in Flagstaff!
5	This place rocks, great diner with great food.  It doesn't say Mike & Ronda's but rather just "The Place" and it doesn't do it justice because it is much more than just "the place".  I had the chorizo plate and my brother had a sampler plate of every meat they have to offer.  The eggs were great, the hash browns were perfectly crisp and flavorful, the tortillas were fresh tasting and my brothers bacon was awesome.  I will definitely come back.  It doesn't look fancy inside but it is pretty large, I can imagine this place getting busy on the weekend but I usually avoid crowds when I can.
4	Yep, there's one in Phoenix my Flagstaff friends! So many people do not know we have one here too! The Place is always packed for breakfast - as it should be. The food is great! The portions are HUGE and fairly cheap. Even my glass of milk was just massive. But alas, so are most of the people who eat here. Service is mediocre, but the food does came out fairly fast, even when busy.
5	I live in Flagstaff six months of the year and here in Phx the other six.  In Flagstaff, when tourists ask where to eat especially breakfast, they get sent to Mike and Ronda's The Place.  There are two in Flagstaff.  It was with some curiosity that my wife and I visited the Bell location this week.  We already knew to expect elephant size portions but would thefood be as good?  How about the service which is excellent in Flag.? The answer in a word is YES!  The portions are huge.  The service was excellent and the food was G-o-o-d.  Wifey had a hot sandwich au juice and I had a salad.  That salad had maybe a half to 3/4 lb meat and was delicious.  Simply delicious.  I thought that today, I could make a salad as well as they can. ...and I can...and you can.... but not for the price.  And you'd better be prepared to eat salad for a week if you try it yourself.  The place salad lasted me two entree size portions and a small dinner salad.  Wonderful.Service was quick and fast and friendly.Would go there, like in Flagstaff, in a heartbeat.
3	We went to "The Place" ~ Mike and Rhonda's The Place this morning for breakfast.  They were very busy so we had to wait a while before seating.  The smell was amazing so our anticipation of well prepared, hearty breakfast full of deliciousness grew with each minute as we waited.  Service ~ The first thing we noticed was their servers were working at "warp speed" keeping everyone satisfied with their meals, coffee and drink refills!  They were helping each other so much it was difficult to tell which server had which table = AWESOME TEAMWORK.  They were a well oiled machine that seems to understand the importance of not letting a coffee cup run dry.  Our server was exceptional and will look for her again!Food ~ Our meal was well prepared and very good.  Their eggs, bacon and sausage were cooked well and tasted good.  We really liked the top layer of our hash browns but found the bottom layer undercooked and lacking flavor and needed more seasoning.  The spinach and cheese omelet was good but would have been better with a light sauce over the top.  Their biscuits are more of a hybrid dinner roll/biscuit.  These things were huge and tasted OK.  The gravy was very disappointing with very little or no meat and was very plain.  I plan to order their chorizo burrito or omelet on my next visit. I can see why this place is so busy.  They know how to cook a hearty breakfast that taste good so you should give them a try.
4	My brother and I went on a Saturday afternoon.  WOW, it is filled with people everywhere.  We thought boy the wait is going to be long.  They had two spots on the end of the counter and asked if the counter was ok?  Why not?  We want to sit and watch the action!!!  They had 10+ people working the tables (serving, cleaning, etc.).  They are flying everywhere to get customers drinks and food as SUPER speeds.  Everyone seem to know what to do and everyone is helping each other.  So sum up the service, it is GREAT.  Someone is there to help you anytime.  I order the HUNGRY MAN breakfast:  3 scrambled eggs, 2 sauage links, 3 slices of sourdough, and a mountain of hash browns.  It was so much food, no way I can finish.  The scrambled eggs were real eggs (not that powder crap mix)!  Everything was good.  The toasted sourdough was so GOOD.  Maybe it was all that butter they put on.  I also ordered 1 waffle:  HUM, YUM, HUM GOOD.  My brother HAD to order the cinannon bun:  it was a little hard.You want a hearty breakfast, you need to come try "The Place"!
5	Food is a plenty here!!!!!  Can't beat the prices either....
4	Since Im big into breakfast foods, Im always on the look out for a new place.. and whadda ya know. .I found "The Place"  How convieeeeent.. I read the reviews and when asking a few people on Facebook about it, I heard nothing good good responses, so why not give it a shot.  I heard that you have to be early or it gets insane.  We showed up about 9AM and waited for maybe 5min.  Not too bad. The menu looked incredible and as I watched the servers take food to the tables, I could see that the amounts of food give were enormous.  I couldn't wait.  Checking the reviews on Yelp, I ordered a chorizo omelet with avocado, and all the fixens.  I thought I'd love it, but I think I was more overwhelmed with spice than anything. and I love spicy food.. what gives?  The second time we all went, we got there at 8AM and sat right away.. this time I was told to order biscuits and gravy..  Damn were they good.  I got an order of those along with a huge pancake.   Here's what I loved about their pancakes.. they tasted home cooked.  Like when your mom takes out the old griddle that still has last weeks charred food on it,  yet still cooks on it, and it has that home yummy taste? Yep.. that's their pancakes.   Downed that with some iced tea and it was one awesome breakfast.  Ive been here three times now in two months... I think Im hooked.
3	Big portions is what you hear and read about...Very true. The food is pretty good, overall a nice breakfast. The layout of the place is a little bit like a warehouse or industrial. The service was fast and friendly. My biggest grip is that they use the wussy silverware here. The low-grade cheap, light, flimsy stuff that sucks. I believe that I met Mike in the Men's Room. He addressed me as I was taking a leak. First rule of Men's Room etiquette "Don't talk to another man while he is peeing". He asked if I liked the place, I said it was my first time. It was good but not somewhere that will be a breakfast destination for me.
5	I love this place! Breakfast is always huge no matter what you order & there gravey is homeade. Sooo good the hashbrowns are my favorite here they are crunchy on the outside & mashpotatoe like on the inside. I go here as often as possible. Very homey feel & the waitress&waitors are all great! Oh & the drink glasses are HUGE, the bring you a togo cup without you having to ask.
4	Very busy restaurant at 9:00 Saturday morning but they handled it very well,we received our meal very quick. The meal for the most part was very good. My wife had the multiple-grain pancakes and they were not completely cooked. The portions are very large and they use good quality ingredients I think because it was so busy they rushed things. A recommendation would be to up grade silverware, very cheap. I did like the syrup options with maple and blueberry and coming in the squirt dispenser bottles was a good idea.. I would definitely come back and would recommend breakfast.
1	I am already up and out the door and working when others are waiting in line to sit and eat a big breakfast but come 2:00 in the afternoon I am ready for something good to eat and have now gone to this restaurant for lunch anywhere between 1:30 and 2:30 in the afternoon.  I don't recommend the Place for lunch although I am a homeowner in the Sunburst Farms area because the afternoon waitress/manager is aggrogant and rude and a bit on the less than wholesome side.  A better choice is Freddy's Steakburger where the help is happy to have you there and are wholesome and cheerful and the food is especially good.
3	This was the best breakfast place near my Aunts house according to Yelp and my Aunt and Grandma also said it was good.There was nothing on the menu that stood out to me and nothing on the menu that seemed special so i ended up getting the chicken fried steak with hash browns and over easy eggs.The gravy on the chicken fried steak didnt have any flavor and kind of the samething with the hashbrowns. I added some salt and pepper to all of them and they tasted great after that.I would go back if my family wanted to but id probably order something different next time.
4	Coming early on a weekend morning can result in a little bit of a wait, but it's usually not too bad. Around noon the crowds ease up. The portions are hearty and I've never had a bad meal. If it's late enough in the morning, I order my favorite, the roast beef melt. The beef is cooked thoroughly, sliced fairly thick, and tender. Piled on sourdough with green chilies and cheddar cheese then grilled. Served with yummy, crispy french fries. I add the chipotle Tobasco to my sandwich, for a little smokey kick. My mouth is watering thinking about it, and I just had one yesterday! Their iced tea is delish...China Mist, I think. The staff is quick and friendly to top it off!
5	Freakin' cool! Incredible value... huge breakfasts for under $10. Everything I've had so far has been prepared well--great way to start the day, no matter who you are.The servers are friendly and come around constantly with refills. I've been there with larger groups as well, and they handle us with grace and professionalism.Kudos. Will be back!
4	Cheap. Fast. Hearty. I am not a fan of the meal 'breakfast', but my brother and father love this place. You get so much food, for such a resonable price. Their breakfast burritos are amazing. You can mix and match any of their fillings. I like mine with cheddar, sausage, avacado, mushrooms and green chiles. Yummy!  The pancakes and biscuits and gravy are HUGE. Like I am not kidding, this place will fill you up & keep you full for 10 days. If you can finish an entire meal, you should win an award. Seriously.
5	Right on the money every time.  Service is great and so is the food.  Taking reunion family there next week for breakfast cuz it's the best place around town.
5	The food here is always amazing!  The amount of food you receive can fill up two people. The staff is friendly and the service is quick.  If you are going on the weekend, go before 9:00am it get's busy!
5	I've been wanting to come here for a while and when my friend suggested it, I thought, great way to get out of doing my work.  So we went.  I was uber hungry having just recovered from a stomach virus and not having eaten anything substantial in several days.  I ordered the 2 eggs special, with toasted english muffin, hash browns, and 2 sunny side up eggs.  It was really, really good.  Or possibly, I had low blood sugar and that is why the meal seemed so miraculous.  It tasted perfect and was the perfect amount. Simple food but done well.   I liked the friendly, unpretentious atmosphere.My companion in playing hooky from our responsibilities ordered the same as I did except with pancakes.  She put the eggs on top of the pancakes, smothered it all in syrup, and ate the eggs with the pancakes.  She said it was good and it did look fantastic.The price was awesome and the service was quick.  I'll be back to try something else and see if the 5 stars hold up.
5	In the words of the BF, "The breakfast at the Place can't be beat. It's nothing spectacular, its just a good price and a lot of food." That pretty much sums it up. I am a huge fan of both The Place in Phoenix and in Flagstaff. In fact, we just ate at the home base in Flagstaff this past Sunday for breakfast! My mother from PA and my best friend from San Diego insist on eating here every time they come to visit me in Phoenix. EVERY TIME. Also, being from the East coast...any place with Pepsi and NOT Coke products gets my vote! :o)I always get the M.Y.O. Omelette and I am never disappointed! The biscuits and white gravy are AWESOME! The only real complaint on the food I can think of is not enough crusty bits in the hashbrowns...and honestly, that's not too big of a deal. I just like really crunchy hashbrowns!The only bummer about the Place in Phoenix is that if you don't get there before 9am you're due to wait for a L-O-N-G T-I-M-E because its so freakin' good everybody wants in! However, if you don't beat the church crowd, don't fret....it's totally worth the wait!
5	Greatest Breakfast Joint in the West!!  Its truly hard to beat perfection and The Place is the real deal!!We have never had a bad meal...no matter what we order!!  This place is my fav for breakfast!
4	Good home fatting food. Leave with your belly full. Staff friendly enough.
2	We went to "THE PLACE" for breakfast/lunch today. It must be a popular spot and was very busy. There were 2 specials of the day, Eggs Benedict and a French Toast stack. Both came with a choice of potatoes.I went here based on the reviews from fellow Yelpers. My daughter ordered the burger, it came with fries AND salad for under 7.00. The burger was very well done, but it was 1/2 lb of ground beef. The fixings were on the side and it arrived on an unremarkable hamburger bun. The fries were crisp and the salad was fine but it was DRENCHED in a watered down thousand island dressing.My eggs benedict was fine. Nothing to make me want to order it again, but not bad either. I would try their pancakes next time. They looked pretty good!My husband's french toast stack arrived. 3 pieces of french toast with ham,egg and swiss cheese between the layers. Kinda like a Monte Cristo sandwich. They bring out warm maple and berry syrup. My husband liked it. But, said he would try something else next time.I ordered my hashbrowns extra crispy, my husband ordered his "burnt", his order came out exactly how i wanted mine. Crispy dark golden and cooked well. Bummer I had to just eat the top of mine. We also wanted to try the biscuits and gravy. What a big let down. Quantity does not equal quality. The biscuits were large, and the gravy bland. Our service was ok. The people working there seem nice enough. They were giving out free THE PLACE frisbees.They will be closing 7/21 and will re open 8/1 at the new location right up the street at 51st ave and Bell rd, in the old 3 Margaritas building.Hopefully I will be able to update this one day and give a better rating. But for now, I will stick to Ronnie's Cafe on Cactus rd. as my go to breakfast joint.
5	The place is always great. I have eaten here 20 + times, the service is never mediocre. The servings are huge, try the chicken fried steak its yummy.
5	I got pretty far into writing this review, but deleted it after seeing how barbaric and savage I sounded when thinking about eating at Mike and Ronda's.I love this restaurant and crave it constantly. It's always busy in the morning, but you won't be disappointed if you wait for a table. The servers are almost as quick as how fast the food comes out (damn quick), and even though they're constantly moving around, they'll do whatever they can to accommodate. The breakfast burrito is a fantastic deal for the variety of customization options and the abundance of food that ends up on the plate. The hash browns have consistently been extraordinary: crispy and crust-like on the surface, then smooth and almost like mashed potatoes underneath. To wrap up the experience, a hot cup of coffee will adhere all the delicious flavors and guarantee you'll be coming back.
5	After a couple of years going here I am upping it to a well deserved five. I realized this after being on a  low iodine diet for 2 weeks ,eating nothing with salt,dairy,seafood or more than 6oz of meat a day,I waited and drove the extra 30 minutes from where I was to break my fast here. I solved my hash brown issue by putting a cup of their green chili over it: Perfected  my burrito with  1 egg, chorizo, american cheese,peppers, avocado, and jalapenos ( as I said mine;) )   and the Amex thing , pah I'm an idiot.. that's been corrected, the review I mean  I'm still an idiot. Staff have been  uniformly great, coffee barely goes dry, prices are totally reasonable because I usually don't need lunch on the days I eat here.
1	QUANTITY NOT QUALITY mostly NOT EDIBLEThe good-my ice tea and the pickle chips.The bad-rye bread as thick as my thumb (rye bread should be thin)low fat  low quality corned beef that appeared to be previously frozen because of dark color but had added grease fat added to each side of each slice of meat that seemed to be mostly burger grease (because of the remnants of burger I found in my sandwich) and other assorted grease. The dressing was thinned down to a milky substance. The cheese used was processed not real cheese . The sour kraut had a few of someones grilled burger onions in it. The salad was water logged and not drained and I had an inch or more of water in the bowl.The waitresses all were sleeveless and that doesn't seem sanitary because of all that reaching everywhere how do you know if some deodorant or antiperspirant didn't flake off into your food?  My waiter seemed very rushed the whole time.Felt sick to my stomach after here.and on the way out I saw ketchup bottles on the patio tables outside that may have been opened and were possibly spoiling in the high heat outside.I know most people only enjoy the fatty breakfast here since they are used to that  and that is cool . They are really large and most people I saw were LOVING that!
5	This is seriously the BEST place for breakfast. We have been eating here since they opened, and the staff has pretty much been the same.( I think Pepper T is CRAZY!)  I have NEVER had bad food here. It is just a place to go to get great home cooking. Sorry it's not the Ritz honey.The original is in Flagstaff, and we have never left Flag without eating there.Soon the Glendale location will be moving west of 51st Ave, and they will serve dinner too. I can't wait!!They have THE BEST rye bread in town.There are a lot of "regulars" at this restaraunt, and it's usually a wait early on weekends.
4	We have our bi-monthly marketing meetings here. The staff already knows my name (I've been there 3 or 4 times), they know what I like to drink (soda water with hunks of lime) but they still call all of us "babe" or "sugar" or "honey". I like that. Great portions. I always get the biscuits and gravy. The biscuits are HUGE and I never finish them, because they come as a side with my breakfast.Go reallllllllllllllllllly early (be there BY 7!) to get a table without waiting.Food is breakfast food, but it's generous. My waffle was as big as my plate. The has browns take up half my plate. The biscuits, huge (can you tell I really like the biscuits???). I haven't had the pancakes, but I've seen them and the stack is huge.Big food. Awesome servers. Decent prices.It's like eating at Mel's Diner and you get your very own Flo. Without the gum behind the ear.(They've moved to Bell & 51st Ave)
5	New location and is this ever a place I want to invest in!  Its hard to not order breakfast as it is sooo damn good here but "The Place" now has a very credible dinner menu and next week we are off to give our favorite breakfast joint a try for dinner.Gorgeous new digs and the same high quality of food and service from some very hot chicks!
3	After reading the reviews I decided to check it out.  Went this around 8:30am with my wife.  Portions are big but it's just regular breakfast.  They have a big mans breakfast for about $8.50 which includes 3 eggs, your choice of bacon, ham or sausage and bread or biscuits and gravy.  I have to say the biscuits are huge and fresh but the amount of gravy is enough or only one biscuit.  The gravy was also a bland and needed some work at least for me.  Overall a bang for your buck.
3	Would have been 4 stats based on prior visit. This past visit the service was just garbage. Not the servers fault, she should have never been on the floor in the first place. Pretty annoyed that she had to ask other servers for assistance while taking our order. What's the soup? I don't know, Jim what's the soup? Is there cheese on the French dip. I don't know? Karen is there cheese on the French dip? The food has always been great and we will be back. Hopefully I can give them 4 stars next visit? Oh yeah, love the.new location!
5	My family has been going to "The Place" for the last four years and keep going back because of the service. They recently moved into the old 3 Margiritas building on the SW corner of 51st and Bell and they are busier than ever! The waitress' all know our family and even when they are super busy they always stop to say hi to the kids. The 2 Egg Breakfast (less than $5) if more than enough food for one person. Everything on the menu is great. Will keep going back for many many years if the service and quality stay like this!
4	The Place has good food, cheap prices & is always packed. I'm happy they moved across 51st Ave into a bigger restaurant because you almost always had to wait for a table before. Their biscuits are so good, homemade, fresh & fluffy. It's not my favorite breakfast joint but it's still good.
3	First time being there food was really great... service on the other hand was not so great... but I'm going to assume that it was because its a bigger place so they had to hire new serves so I'm going to let that go... couple of things... if you serve someone coffee you should ask if they need cream and or sugar. and serve with a spoon... other then the service being a Lil lousy id say its a great place... and they did have a bar...but i will return there later to see if anything has changed
5	They have moved to West Bell Rd ( into the old 3 Margarita 's ) They now serve dinner, and have a full bar. The new location is really nice and a lot bigger. It is still packed, maybe even busier than before.Thye still do the best home cooked breakfast. Dinner is steak, chops,etc.
5	Delicious breakfast , and filling! About the other review by "pepper" , I like that the orders there are large. In my opinion it is quality and quantity. Some fad places here in phoenix charge double , some triple for a meal that doesn't stand up to this restaurant. I have only been there during breakfast but I hear dinner is fantastic too. I personally love the sunny side up eggs. They seem to be the only place that makes them perfect. And the toast , its just irresistible to me.
1	So after hearing only god things about the place I decided to check it out and see what all the hub bub was about.needless to say,I was very disapointed.we went in around 2pm on a Tuesday.it was not very busy which I like.the less than friendly host/server seated us promptly at a table with dried ketchup stains on it.really??.we asked to move to another table and she obliged but proceeded to give me a dirty look.I know they're famous for their breakfast but I was in the mood for a salad so I ordered the grilled chicken salad.my friend ordered the hungry man breakfast.when I got my salad it looked like something you'd buy at the grocery store in a bag.it was cheap old looking lettuce that was soaking wet.there was barely any chicken in it.and what little chicken I got was stringy and fatty.also the dressing looked and tasted expired.my friend said her breakfast was o.k. but nothing special.when the server asked how the food was I said not very good and explained why.she offered another salad but I declined due to loss of appetite.she didn't even tell a manager or anything.which I don't really mind anyhow.especially because what appeared to be the manager,or should I say,"micro manager" was too  busy loudly berating one of the employees in front of everyone for what appeared to be just asking a simple question about procedure.very unprofessional.the whole atmosphere inside was unprofessional.the servers look like trailor trash covered in tacky tattoos which some love to show off by cutting off the sleeves of their uniform.now I like tattoos and have some but don't go out of my way to show them off.especially while working with the public.also even though it wasn't busy the server made us feel rushed like we were a bother and dropped our check off while my friend was still eating.then when we were ready to pay we waited almost 15 minutes for no sleeves mcgee to take payment.wtf?bottom line is that the service was awful the food was big in portion size but lacking in quality . I really don't see why everyone loves this place.maybe the breakfast is better?not sure all  I know is I won't be back.if I wanted to be looked down upon by trailor trash i'd move to alabama.
1	Maybe this place grew too large, or maybe Mike &Ronda are in Flagstaff instead of here, but this is NOT the same place as it used to be.Half hour wait to get in is now the standard, but shouldn't we be able to expect hot meals and cold beverages?* O.J. was room temperature...?!?* hash browns were just a heap of uncooked potatoes* toast was cold and soggy* had to beg other servers to keep our coffee filled* horrible service - after we got beverages, our waitress came along and started placing out more silverware & napkins on the table, as if we were invisible...?!?* when we paid, they gave us a discount, which, after the O.J., turned out to be $2 off of a $25 bill.All that said, the potato wedges were yummy, and the biscuits are still the best anywhere.  But, truth be told, if you're looking for what the Place used to have, google Ollie's...  Their gravy is better anyway.
2	The breakfast was good, with portions aplenty for a decent price.  The food was a distant afterthought when not 1, 2, 3, 4.......actually I lost count......but more than 4 times we were interrupted by employees checking every condiment, shaker etc on our table.  Some of them twice.  Might check The Place out again in the future, but this experience doesn't exactly have me running back.
2	I'm sad to say that The Place has gone very much downhill since their move to a bigger location. I've given them a few chances hoping it was just growing pains, but it's taken way too long to get back on their game.I am part of a regular group that used to go here every Friday morning. We always sat on the patio of the old place and always got the best service. Super friendly, fast coffee refills--they were just ON.After they moved across the street, they began to make it clear that they would not be accommodating our group. They wouldn't set up a table for us and tried to shove us into individual booths, even when there were only 5 or 6 of us. They have a "back room" with larger tables that they wouldn't open at the time we got there (~6:00am) claiming staffing issues. They finally and begrudgingly let us back there along with several other larger groups facing a similar circumstance; we were basically ignored. They might has well just told us to our faces that they would not be serving us as a group and saved us all the trouble.Don't read between the lines here--we are not a loud, annoying, or demanding group. We are just some guys that like to get together at breakfast.Sadly, our concerns were not heard or passed on to anyone who cared, so I doubt we will ever be back. We've since moved on to places that will gladly accept our business.
3	I went here the other day with the BF and Erin B. and her BF and it just did not live up to expectations... maybe I had too high expectations, but this is not a place I would suggest in the future. Three of us got make your own omelets... and maybe I am just crappy at making an omelet, but it was not awesome. I got it with chicken, cheddar, broccoli, onion, and avocado..... The chicken tasted like it was once frozen OR it had been cooked long ago.... plus it had no seasoning. There were very few pieces of broccoli and both it and the avocado were not very fresh tasting... kind of mushy. The BF got the biscuits and gravy and he said it was alright, but not his favorite. The gravy was a bit watery and the biscuits are huge! Too huge. They didn't cook all the way inside. The good parts were the diced potatoes were crispy and tasty... they had a nice seasoning blend on them and the toast was fine. Also, the coffee was good... nice and strong. Maybe we just went on an off day... but it was not worth the money (25$ for the omelet, biscuits, coffee and a side of bacon) in my opinion.... Phoenix has a lot of exceptional breakfast options.... and this one is just ok.
5	So my husband daughter and I went here on a Sunday.  Little did we know that it was supposed to close only 10 minutes after we arrived.  They were gracious and fed us well anyway.My husband got the double burger with fries and salad.  Let's just say the man can eat a lot but was not able to finish his portion no matter how badly he wanted to.  The fries were perfect and the burger was gone.My daughter got the Arizona omelet with hashbrowns and pancakes.  She is not a big eater but quickly finished her omelet and one of the pancakes that was bigger than her head.  She decided to take the other pancake and her hashbrowns home.  I got the burrito with spinach, sour cream, mushrooms, and cheddar cheese.  I couldn't believe how light and fluffy the eggs were and how perfectly blended the ingredients were.  The meal was fantastic.  I was extremely surprised at how good the food and service was even though we came at closing time.  The staff was the best and we kinda got taken care of by everyone.  I am going back there again but hopefully not as a nuisance.
5	I have been here several times and it has always been so good to me! I love coming here for the 16oz steak! YummyYumYum!!! The steak is cooked just the way I order it and it is seasoned well. Ask for your hash to be more crispy to get that extra crunch! Do come a little early because you will probably find yourself waiting...there is always a line! But the food is great and the workers are friendly. This place is packed to it's max! Meaning...you'll be closely sitting to some stranger...but if you sit outside (since the weather is so lovely) you'll have more elbow room.
5	I ate once at their old location and it was marvelous...and today we went to the new location.   The wait to get seating (table of 6) was about 25 minutes, but once inside, it was perfect.    It only took 15 minutes for all of us to be served and the food was amazing.   We all had to roll ourselves out the door.   Coffee was refilled very often.  The 6 of us fit cozily into a high-back booth, but it was okay.   The servers worked their butts off.    Fantastic biscuits (beware, they're BIG) and gravy, and my waffle with blueberry syrup was heavenly.   We went on a Saturday morning 11:00 ish.
4	Quick fast and good. I had the standard 2 eggs, toast and hash browns with a slab of Ham. Eggs = Cooked perfectlyToast = buttered wellHash Browns = Not cooked as much as i prefer (and asked for) but were goodSlab of Ham = nice huge hunk, cooked until caramelized a little on the slab nice!Staff was quick and service was on point.
4	Fast, delishious, trucker-sized breakfast.  Bacon was thick, Pancakes were the size of the plates and the service was good. They were pretty busy and it only took about 10 minutes to get a table for 5 of us.
3	oOoh this is a good PLACE for breakfast! Got here around 12ish..was pretty packed..waited about 6 minutes for a seat...server was nice..everything on the menu is mostly breakfast but they do have some sandwiches, burger and salad selections. I created my own 3-egg omelet...spinach, sausage, pepper jack cheese and sour cream! yumm! served with hash brown...though I wish I known cause I would have changed to to fruit because I do not like hash brown...and buttered English muffins. funny thing about this place is there's a full bar...it's suppose to be a breakfast place but there's a full bar....haha only in Arizona...but I guess it's also because they have a huge big screen tv at the bar...so for fans of sport viewing. I can't say they were that fast on coming out with our dishes...took at least 10 minutes or so...but delicious they indeed are!
2	Won't be back. Food was only fair. Gravy appears to be from a mix, no flavor, and the sausage patty reminded me of what you get at a fast food place, only much greasier. While the hashbrowns were plentiful, they were only crisp on one side. Coffee was on the weak side and quickly became lukewarm. Very disappointed.
2	We went here for dinner tonight at 5pm. There were only a few other people dining in the restaurant. Were were told to sit wherever we like. We had to really look before we found a clean table. Funny thing, there were several servers standing around at the counter talking and really doing a whole bunch of nothing. Our uninspired server asked for our order, took our order, delivered our order and dropped the check without saying more than three words to us. We ordered a Patty Melt, Chili Size and Onion Rings. I asked the server if the Onion Rings were made fresh in the restaurant or frozen. He said fresh. The Onion Rings were frozen. The food portions are large but the quality is just ok. No big deal it's true you get what you pay for. Our main reason for giving this restaurant only two stars was the poor service and cleanliness of the restaurant.
4	This place is all about quantity..Mandingo sized biscuits.. and some great homestyle cooking.. The thing I really like is that it tastes just like it did in college in  Flagstaff 20 years ago. The portion sizes are obnoxious!  The place seats 400.. on a Sunday morning.. about 80 people waiting for tables.. That's a great sign of good food..
5	I love breakfast. It's the best meal of the day. With that said, The Place are the masters of breakfast!  The best way to describe this restaurant is your run of the mill mom and pop establishment...ON STEROIDS!Since they moved down the street to a larger location, I have been there on several occasions and I'm never disappointed. Recently I ordered the hungry man special. This meal comes with 3 eggs, a huge order of hash browns, 3 strips of bacon, and 3 HUGE biscuits with gravy.  Everything tasted awesome, but the bacon really stood out among the rest.  This isn't your normal bacon. It's more like a bacon steak. It's very thick cut and tastes like heaven.  If you don't try anything else there, try the bacon and you will be hooked for life.The service here is among the best.  The wait staff is amazing.  They paid attention and kept my ginormous drink filled.Food prices were very reasonable. My bill came out to about $12 for the meal I described above.This is "The Place" to be!!!
1	The service level and attitude of the staff was diabolical, they demonstrated absolutely no interest in our business. Ever since moving to the new premises, things have sucked. I shall not be wasting any more of my time or money here.
4	My gosh the place was awesome, The avocado burgers were so good that I ate the whole thing, totally worth it. The chipolata sauce was yummy to my tummy, was so into my burger that I forgot to try the fries whoops.  the drinks are huge. Severus was fast and super nice, great team work and no stress once so ever. Loved it so going back to try their breakfast due to the fact their bacon was Delicious.
4	Had to come back to the place for the bacon cause I love their bacon. 2nd time being there. I brought my cuz and step brother and they agreed the bacon is amazing. I tried there biscuit and gravy. it was great. Not a fan of the diced potatoes though. =(my cuz and step brother were not a fan of the gravy but I enjoyed it I couldn't stop tearing my food up. My bf is satisfied that I brought him home left overs.  The place is the place to be =)
4	Is there a better meal than breakfast? I think not... Any so, we have sort of made it a weekly tradition to have breakfast at The Place. My better half had eaten there prior to it moving to its new location, and I had never been there. She WAS NOT a fan of the previous location. After looking at Yelp and the 4 stars reviews, I talked her into trying it again. And we are HUGE fans! It starts with Mimosas and from there, it's breakfast bliss. The portions are HUGE, and the servers are friendly. Good food, but no real maple syrup. So, we bring our own. It's a good experience.
3	Went FINALLY for the first time after all these wonderful reviews.....Eh. It was just breakfast to me. We'll probably never go back. I left with a super upset stomach, too. Yuck.
1	I have been going here for about 2 years. started out at the old small place and now the big place. I have ALWAYS loved eating here. I was SUUUPER excited to take my bf here and so we went and here goes...we were seated for about 20 minutes before someone got our order. we both ordered the sirloin tips that came with hash browns, eggs and pancakes..ALL FOR $10!!! cheap!! and We both got coffee....well, the water had more flavor than the coffee. It was not dark AT all.  Our food came out, it was good as usual, but our pancakes didnt show up. No one checked to see if everything was ok or if our order was complete. finally after hunting down our incompetent (sp) waiter, we told him we didnt get our pancakes, so he went and apparently they had been sitting out and they just "forgot" to bring them. SO YOUR FORGETFULNESS caused my pancake to get cold! And we usually get 2 panckes and they ONLY gave us one. Our waiter disappeared again, and we had to wait for like half an hour after we were done eating to receive our bill, and then finally some waitress noticed we had been waiting and got our bill for us. THEN we had to wait another 10 minutes to get our bill picked up. This is one of the worst restaurant experiences we have ever had. And it is SUCH a shame because I actually liked your food but NOT enough to return with that kind of lousiness you have going on. Oh and FYI, you may want to change the dress code of your staff. When I eat i dont want to see my waiter/waitress in cut off sleevless shirts showing me their sweaty/hairy armpits.
3	It's tough to find a non-chain breakfast place in Glendale. The Place fits that niche. Portions are large but the food was mediocre at best. It is nice that you can design your own omelet or burrito, but the execution and ingredients were nothing to get excited about. Food was hot and service was good. I loved the building as it was clean and well decorated.Great for a fast hot breakfast. Don't expect any culinary expertise.
5	Great omlets
3	We went back on a Sunday afternoon at the "NEW" & bigger place.  We got a quote of 30 mins for a table. Since there was 2 of us, we decided to sit at the counter for no wait.  Our server greeted us quickly and took our drink order.  Our drinks came and he took off quickly.  He came back 5 mins later and took our food order.  We both ordered the Chicken Fried Steak served with hash browns, eggs, and instead of toast I got french toast.  The chicken fried steak was good, the country gravy was spot on.  The hash browns and eggs were good too.  The french toast was meh...  I should have gotten the pancakes.  The server came back to give our check.  He did not come back to see if things were ok.  They service seems to be more dis-engaged this time around.
5	My wife and I always enjoyed the food at The Place at their previous, smaller location, so we were happy to hear they expanded into a larger restaurant.We were also pleased that they were open for dinner most of the week, so we went in to have breakfast for dinner (they do have a dinner menu, but they serve breakfast all day, so, heck yeah.)Long story short, I got the steak and eggs breakfast a 12 oz steak, two eggs, hashbrowns, and pancakes. For twelve bucks. I likemy hashbrowns well done and unlike most places, the waitress listened and they were great.The steak was outstanding, I believe it was a sirloin. A 12oz steak for $12 bucks?? You can't beat that, I don't care what it comes with.The staff was great, the restaurant was clean, everything was top notch. I will definitely return.
3	Big restaurant does big business serving big breakfasts for big eaters!Portion size is twice what you get in other restaurants.  My corned beef  hash, hash browns and eggs filled the steak plate.  My breakfast buddy's steak and eggs breakfast was a huge piece of steak, served with double-sized biscuits.  The food was good, nothing special - I ate only one third of the meal.  Way too much food for me.  On the other hand my buddy's a big eater and wolfed down his meal.My buddy recommends The Place, but as for me, not so much. I only like eating food that is special and really tasty. This was not it.
4	The Place is still great. We had no service issues and the food was great. Big portions and great food as always.
4	Came to breakfast this morning with my family. Food was really good. Yes something my mom would make but still very good food. Our waitress Samantha was really nice and attentive. Will return again but you should do something bout your rude Starbucks drinking pretty boy hostess. He is the reason I gave you 4 stars instead of 5
1	I don't get how this place can average 4 Stars. (as of today, anyway) One thing I can say for sure is that this place is NOT "The Place" to go. We  sit down and the table was "dirty", covered in salt and crumbs. I had to wipe down the table myself. We order drinks and my tea comes in a "dirty" glass with lip stick on it. GROSS!!!! I look around and see food and dirty napkins on the floor. At this point, I'm thinking WE NEED TO LEAVE! However, my husband says lets just stay. Our food comes and its not good. We had lunch items. So, maybe they are known for their breakfast and that it what we should have ordered. I took two bites and was done. We spent $30, left hungry and went to another restaurant. If the place wasn't so dirty, maybe I would have gone back to try the breakfast.
4	The Place reminds me of one of those random diners you eat at while you're on a road trip. The restaurant is nothing fancy but the food is delicious. I ordered eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns with biscuits and gravy. If you are a crazy bacon lover you must come here to try their bacon it's the best! The Place is my new breakfast hot spot!
5	Seriously some of the best breakfast ever! The steak and eggs for under $10 is just unbelievable considering you could feed 3 with it!!
5	If you can manage to not order a breakfast item(very good breakfasts!!!), the burgers are huge and yummy, the "hot sandwiches" with potatoes and gravy remind you of eating at Grandma's house, and the salad is fresh!  I don't think you could lose here!  Biscuits?  I've never seen such big biscuits!
5	I can not tell you when I first started going to "The Place", however I was young and dumb and crazy about skiing! Of course I am talking about the place in Flagstaff. We would always stop there before hitting the slopes to carb up for the long day of skiing. It is the best comfort food breakfast place, with hash browns hanging over the plate. You have a choice of a huge stack of flapjacks or biscuits and gravy that would drop the jaw of any cowboy! A rock climber would look at these biscuits and try to figure out a route to the top, they are that BIG and fresh!! The Place needs no ambience it is turn and burn dinner style that befits the comfort food it serves! I have tried the one on Bell road for lunch and they maintained the comfort food quality and huge quantities at a great price! The ambiance is a step up from Flag but who cares the food to price value is unbeatable!
5	Good food for a great deal!  They make it fast and the price is right. I would come here most mornings, if I could.  Since moving to their new, larger location, even with a large crowd, there is not much waiting, if any.
4	Awesome breakfast. I recommend the steak and eggs or the breakfast burro. Biscuits and gravy is awesome also. Has The Place been on Food TV or Travel Channel? It should be...
1	Well, I guess the bar is much lower in Flagstaff, as we went to their restaurant in Glendale for breakfast.  It was less than mediocre.  Starting with the coffee, which tasted awful..it was very bitter and watching the waitress pour old decaffinated coffee into a regular coffee pot! Unacceptable.  I had bacon and eggs...fair. Asked for the hashbrowns to be well done..didn't make a difference, I guess, as they came out raw.  Also, asked that my toast be dry...came out saturated with butter.  My husband had the chicken fried steak with gravy...you could have plastered a house with the gravy!  As you can tell, we will not be returning.  The reason we went, was because of their article in the paper this week.  Just shows, that you can't believe believe everything you read.  My husband, "jokingly, suggested, that we cancel the paper!
4	Good food choices, reasonably priced.  We were seated, served and received food hot and promptly.  Dining area and restrooms, nice and clean.  Staff was great.  Can't wait to return and try the breakfast.
5	Hubby and I used to go here when they were in a much smaller place across the street. They have since moved and expanded which is a fantastic thing and they have a full bar now (YAY!)The biscuits and gravy are absolutely out of this world, so is their chorizo. Its a very casual laid back atmosphere. If you are looking for 5 star, stuffy dining, this isn't the place for you. If you are looking for some where you can relax and get some wonderful food you have found your calling. The bar gives off the Cheers vibe. I feel like if I were a regular they would know me, my life story and my drink preference when I walked in the door. I really like this place and I think you will too.This message has been approved by the Patricia Stedman political campaign for good food!
4	I was first shocked by how busy this place was. It was 11am on a Monday and it was rocking which I guess is a good thing. The portions were large as others had mentioned and the Arizona omelet I had was awesome. Pancakes were a little buttery for my liking and I passed on the hash browns because they looked greasy but thats just being critical.
2	Flys everyywhere while im trying to eat! Its soo gross!!!!! Food is average! Its nothing special! I wouldnt go back
2	Went in with high expectations and left wishing I went to dennys down the street. the food was nothing special. I had a bad meal and the manager never came by after i sent it back.  The server even said "oh that does look bad". It was not the servers fault she did great but the food was almost un edible.
3	Az omelette, hash, pancakes all delicious. Food makes up for subpar interior but what do you expect from a "mom and pop" operation. They at least tried, but who cares the food was great.
5	So many delicious food choices to chose from. My father & I come here and eat all the time. We love their new location - it's big, great atmosphere and as always good food. We were happy to learn that not only they serve breakfast. But serve dinner an have a full bar at their new location. We will be back again!
3	I am writing this review for lunch:The other day for work a few of us went to The Place for lunch.  I had the Avocado burger and fries.  I can't say anything about this burger was really good or bad.  It was just an average burger with average fries.  My coworkers ordered another burger that looked average and a club sandwich that looked like any other club sandwich you get at a diner.  I don't see the why the great reviews for this place but I guess I will have to try it for breakfast to see what the fuss is about.
4	Yelpers never let us down. ;) We had a special:  omelet with prime rib onions green peppers cheese eggs home fries all mixed together...it was yummy!  Bread was good service good and portions LARGE.  OJ was 16 oz and meal was splitable IMHO.  don't salt your food, it was plenty salty ;)
4	There is nothing like homemade biscuits. They've got em and they look absolutely mahvelous. Had lunch with a large group of people and the place was rockin', but we got seated quickly and comfortably and were served drinks in just a few minutes. To tell the truth, there was a lot I wanted to try, but I ordered the Veggie sandwich as I always like to see the interpretation of this sandwich. I am not a vegan, just love veggies, and this one would have been perfect for me if it would have had red onions instead of white. I did request mayo instead of ranch but that didn't detract from the flavor so if you are a veggie lover and want to take your carnivorous friends someplace where you all can be satisfied, The Place is your place. My mates had big crispy chix fry with gravy, eggs, sausage, both types of breakfast potatoes, green chili omelletes,and of course, biscuits and gravy. The hot turkey san looked like it came from a NY style deli, piled high with the good stuff and quite honestly, we all pigged out, and came away very satisfied at a reasonable price. I'll be back for breakfast next time, and will come hungry.
1	We have went here for both breakfast and lunch, breakfast portions are big but full of grease I did not find it very appetizing. We went back for lunch my husband ordered a tuna salad sandwich and it had egg salad on portions of it like they started to make an egg salad then realized it was supposed to be tuna when asked to have it taken back server said just scrape it off. We will not be returning.
5	YUM! Food and service was great! BUSY BUSY BUSY on weekends!
3	I was visiting some friends in Arizona for the weekend and after two nights of partying we needed a huge meal to soak up the alcohol that was seeping through our pores. My friend suggested going to The Place, I gave the thumbs up based solely on the name. We arrived on a Sunday around 10 AM to a crowd gathering outside the door and around the restaurant. Astonishingly the wait was only about 20 mins so we decided to wait it out instead of going elsewhere. We all got breakfast platters and gorged once they came out. Their portion sizes are Merican as I like to say and was much needed at the time. I could not finish my meal which was sad but did enjoy all the food I got and the dirt cheap price tag it came on. If only LA and NYC had food this cheap -_-
2	Fast breakfast service. Sometimes a long wait for a table. Order less than you think you'd normally eat--portions are huge... Almost too big (borderline wasteful).  I've only had breakfast here.To me, there is nothing really special about this place.  It seems pretty "dump and serve". The gravy for the biscuits and gravy tastes like a powder mix with some sausage thrown in.  The biscuits are big, but tasteless and generally dry.   The breakfast prices are inexpensive for the amount of food you receive.
4	My favorite omelet lives here :)It's my own personal build your own combination of chorizo, pepper jack cheese, onions, bell peppers & sour cream. PERFECTION!I remember the coffee tasting better, then I added sugar & it was transformed back to a great cup of coffee. I haven't added sugar to coffee in years, but I think here I'll make an exception, lol. This location is a lot larger than the previous one. Having no waiting was a nice change!
5	I wanted to mention that my rating does not mean that this is a fancy joint but this place stands out amongst similar restaurants.  First off the line to be seated is usually long if that tells you anything.  The breakfasts are HUGE and delicious though simple.  The hash browns are perfectly crispy and the omelet I ate was fluffy and tasty with fresh items.  I enjoyed a nice cup of fruit which I opted to finish over the massive biscuits with gravy.  I love breakfast and this place left me full and content.  I suppose my only complaint would be the fact that they put four of us in a tiny little booth when there were larger tables which were occupied by a couple of people.  $40 fed four people which seems to be a rarity these days if you want decent food..
5	This is the best place for a great breakfast.I originaly ate at the one in Flagstaff, AZ, and was quite surprized with the food. Fresh ingredients, cook to order, who could ask for more? Well  you will get more, the portions are huge, if you leave this place hungary, it's your own fault. The biscuts and gravy are very good, not your typical biscut more like a bread roll, but very flavorfull and fresh.Looking online for a place to go to breakfast I was surprised to find this place close to my house. Very busy had a short wait when we arrived (where do you ever have to wait anymore) food proves why they are so busy. We ended up sitting at the bar, service was great and the other patrons were very nice. I felt like I was at a family breakfast.Menu was the same as the one in Flaggstaff, AZ. They also serve dinner at the locations in the valley and a full bar, YEAH!!I will be eating here more often now that I know its the same place.
4	We went there on a Sunday morning and were pleasantly surprised. The food was very good, service was terrific and the place was clean. It's a little loud with hardwood floors and a log type ceiling. Had the biscuits and gravy and the biscuits were the largest I've ever seen, hands down. The gravy was delicious and the smoked sausage was terrific. Great central location for people in the NW Valley of Phoenix. Definitely worth trying!
3	We went for an early dinner on a Saturday night. We ordered a chicken fried steak sandwich with fries and a tuna sandwich with soup/salad. The chicken noodle soup was bland and the salad had way too much dressing on it. The tuna was nothing different from the tuna salad I make at home. The chicken fried steak was just right on the sandwich. The waiter was somewhat helpful and food was served quick. Most of the reviews we noticed are during breakfast which might be different to the dinner menu. Maybe if we are willing to join the big crowds the weekend mornings we might have a different opinion.
4	Came here for brunch. There was a line, but it didn't take too long.It's pretty much traditional breakfast. Portions are large, food is hearty, and you won't leave hungry. The few things that I thought were different or stood out was the bacon is sweet. I liked the meld between the inherent saltiness and the glaze or whatever they use to make it sweet.The benedict has this creamy yellow sauce. It was really good.The biscuits were a little overrated for me.
5	Love this place before and after it moved I had been to this location before it was "the place" it was filthy and dark they made this restaurant beautiful the food is great took my son there last week had breakfast burritos plenty of food and the only place I eats hash browns because they are crispy
4	Been here a couple times, and I love it.There's always a line out front, but I've never waited more than 20mins.If you're a bacon lover, you will definitely want to check this place out-- they have that thick cut bacon that is sooooo good.
5	This place was certainly busy when we got here, and after getting our food, very quickly I might add, I can see why! This food is ridiculously good! If they have the pumpkin French toast on special, I definitely recommend getting it. Overall, great food, huge portions, good prices, and fast service!!!
5	Went for the first time and will go back often. Very nice choice on the menu to build your own omelet or burrito.  Healthy choices are available and food was fresh. Thanks again yelp!
5	I'm surprised that this place hasn't put all the Dennys' and iHops out of business. The food is real and fresh. Try it, you will know exactly what I'm talking about.
4	Generous portions, an attentive staff, and very popular.We came here because it had such good reviews. It was worth the trip, as the food was delicious. They have a really nice menu, with a little bit of everything. Big ol' steak and eggs plate, if you're interested. I was, it was delicious.
5	Best breakfast place in the valley!  I used to come here all the time when I lived in Glendale.  The omelets are great and the biscuits with gravy are one of the best items on the menu.  Sadly I now live across town, I will never find a breakfast place in the East Valley as good as this!
4	Lots of food they give you and the food is great!! It's almost to much food they bring out but its still good. If you can enjoy waiting a bit to get in its worth the wait because of the food.
5	Yes the best place for breakfast with out a doubt in this part of Phoenix. I love there coffee, pancakes and biscuits.
5	Huge portions, very cheap prices, delicious biscuits and friendly staff!
5	First I want everyone to know that this restaurant  does not operate a buffet, all orders are prepared fresh. We had breakfast here on Sunday morning before Memorial Day 2013 there was a waiting line when we arrived but we waited less than 20 minutes before we were seated. They have two large dining rooms and have bar seating. We had great service and outstanding food. When in this area again we sure would eat here. The five stars really means as good as it gets.
5	I do take out once a week for dinner. They have great dinners. The sad part is no one knows they even do dinner. The Saturday nite prime rib is the best we have had in years. The homemade meatloaf is awesome Keep up the great work guys. Love the dinners. Oh the breakfasts also great.
4	A great local breakfast joint.  Get there early on Sundays!  The usually breakfast food, but homemade and another great local business to patronize!
4	Great place to bring the family. Went with my wife and our 6 yr old for breakfast. You know it is going to be good then they have "Mickey Cakes" on the kids menu. Any time the young ones are able to be kept happy with their meal is a good meal out.My wife had the biscuits and gravy. Make sure you are HUNGRY if you get the large size. Way to much food for her but she loved them.I had a basic meat (bacon) and eggs. Also came with potatoes and another side. I went with pancakes and the potato wedges. Yummy.Price was right and we will be back for sure.
2	Portions are ridiculously huge and prices are cheap - win win!  We shared a Chicken Fried Steak breakfast which was pretty darn tasty.  I wasn't very impressed with the pancakes or biscuits, although I certainly ate them anyways.  The steak was tasty, however and the gravy was tasty.  I took advantage of Yelp's check-in offer for a free pastry, but was disappointed in my bear claw.  It was no better than one I'd pick up at a grocery store's bakery.  You know it couldn't have been amazing if I only took two bites of a pastry! If you're in need of a standard, cheap diner-style breakfast... go check it out! But if you crave something above typical diner-style fare, keep looking!
1	So sad to see one of my favorite places go down hill so quickly. First, they stopped serving dinners. Now, the service is horrible. We stopped in today for lunch at 12:30pm. It was very busy. My husband and I prefer a table and the hostess led us to a booth.  When we requested a table, she stated there were none available. We could see many tables available but were told that section was closed. Really, a closed section during the lunch rush? Not very smart management. We were told to wait. So we sat. After about 15 minutes, the hostess flipped the please wait to be seated sign to seat yourself and left. She said nothing to us about a table. We sat for another 5 minutes when more patrons entered and proceeded to seat themselves. Still nothing about a table for us.  We left and will not be back. It isn't surprising to me that they are losing business and having to cut their hours. I would complain about the service but there wasn't any!.
3	This is a 3.5 stars, rounded down to a 3. It's solid, down home brunch food that's done well. We came here over Father's Day Sunday, so it was very busy. Being that it was just my husband and myself, we didn't have to wait very long to get seated at all. I have a feeling that it's always pretty busy- the kind of food they serve appeals very much to the suburban crowd of North Phoenix.  I'm not sure where they used to be, but this is their new location. It's really nice, done in the style of modern lodge I guess. Lots of wood, but a bit sleeker. They have a full bar, so we were able to have beer and mimosas with our lunch, which I certainly appreciated! The menu is solid, good and filling. Most anything you'd find at a Denny's you'd find here. I built my own omelette- an egg white omelette with peppers, spinach and chorizo. This was a winner- I've never had the option to add chorizo, and the spices in it made the omelette truly outstanding. They also have these giant, fluffy home made biscuits that are pretty awesome. It always comes with big dipping bowls of creamy gravy to dip into. It's a bit runnier than I'm used to with gravy, but it still tasted pretty wonderful. Not something you should go out of your way to check out, but if you're in the area do stop by. You probably won't be disappointed, as long as you don't set your expectations too high.
1	Such a disappointment. I kept hearing how great this place was and since I am in town visiting family, I could not wait to try it. I got the eggs Benedict special with hash browns. Everyone says the portions are huge... Not the case in my meal. My hash browns were VERY DRY and tasted as if they have been sitting in the skillet all morning. The hollandaise sauce for my eggs Benedict was bland and so thick I thought I was eating cold, condensed soup from a can. I ate one Benedict, two bites of hash browns and asked for the bill. When the waitress saw that I barely ate my food, she didn't even ask me how it was. I got my to go box and threw my meal away in the garbage out front. This place was such a disappointment and I will not return. I choose Black Bear Diner down the street over this place any day.
2	Mediocre at best, slight step up from Denny's. The biscuits were made from bisquick , there was no sausage in the anemic gravy and the chicken fried steak was just breaded hamburger. The Apple Danish was good though.
5	My husband and I have been eating here for years! I love the 2 eggs with hash browns and pancakes. My husband always gets the chicken fried steak. The quality, service and prices can't be beat!!
2	I guess I do not agree with the majority.  I found the food to be average at best.  And the prices seemed high for the quality of food.  All in all, I would have been happier at a Coco's or Denny's.  I will head a little south to Peoria and go to Brother's.
2	Was not a fan... Our server looked like she hadn't bathed in a few days and kept going behind the hostess stand to look through her purse for some axe body spray. One of the other servers was eating French fries off of another employees plate that was sitting at a small bar area. Got the hamburger because nothing else looked promising at all. it would've been better if i just went to mcdonalds. This was my first time going there, and I will not be returning.
4	Yummy, but service has lacked since the move.
4	Recommended homestyle neighborhood dining.
4	Love this place! They don't have any fancy food on the menu. It's just plain and simple food but done right. Their bacon is amazing as well as their corned beef hash. Although people raved about the biscuits and gravy, I didn't find anything special about them unfortunately.
4	Good food and large portions. The atmosphere is your typical restaurant feel. This place is always busy for breakfast and lunch. The only downside is that their coffee is pretty weak and bland.
4	The wait was around 15 mins, the waitress was friendly and offered up suggestions on her favorite dishes. The plates are heafty and the food is good! The only down side is the wait and their lack of flavored creamer... But certainly worth trying out!
4	Amazing as usual!The short rib sandwich was so good at lunch today. The tomato soup that came with it was too "smokey" but not bad.Service was great, as usual.The Place was busy. So glad you guys moved and have had even more success.
4	The Place serves up the biggest portioned breakfasts you've ever seen! I ordered the meat and eggs with diced ham in scrambled eggs, diced potatoes, and toast. The meat and eggs were basic but good. The diced potatoes were greasy and tasted like the curly fries at Arby's! Toast was covered in butter. Probably not the greatest place to go to when you are watching your diet, but great for feeding a bunch of really hungry people! I like that they give you the option of ordering toast, biscuits and gravy, pancakes or tortillas with your entrees. Good prices for the amount of food you get and super quick service too.
2	If you like quantity over quality, this is the place for you. The food is mediocre at best. I ordered the 2 eggs, hashbrowns with a side of pancakes. It was a lot of food for only $5, but the large portions with cheap prices is the only thing they have going for them. My bf got the chicken fried steak, which he could not finish becuase it was too fatty. We were really looking forward to the biscuits and gravy after reading the reviews. However, we were very disappointed, as they completely lacked any flavor. If you are looking for good quality food, skip this place.
1	Disappointed!! Been going to "the place" for some time now, and I think their food and staff have gone downhill. They moved to a bigger place only to serve more people and forgot about the food and service. I never had a bad experience until they move from the strip mall at 51st/bell to the vacant restaurant on the opposite corner. 1st time I went, I sat at a single table in the corner and my server forgot about me, and then they changed servers because they knew I probably wouldn't tip him. NO Apology at all! 2nd time I went my server forgot the gravy for my biscuit, not a big deal I know. The English muffin was grilled (ok, is the toaster broken?) but they used a press and it was thin as a pancake and hard. Why would you send that out?  I don't think I got 2 eggs and mentioned it to the waiter how said, "Well I put in an order for 2". The hash browns were tasteless and when I did get my gravy was disappointing. Not going here again.
3	Not much to say about it here. It's a very solid place for breakfast, but to be honest not much more than that. Nothing that wowed me. Ordered biscuits and gravy that came with eggs, and it really wasn't bad but you could tell it was mass-production-made gravy (very floury). The biscuits weren't bad and neither were the eggs, but like I said, "not bad" really isn't impressive. Service was decent and friendly, atmosphere was somewhat cozy, decor a little dated.
3	3.5 stars. This is your standard breakfast joint. This place is ALWAYS busy in the morning, and there is usually a line out the door on weekends. Everything I've had on the menu is good but my favorites are the steak tips, pancakes and french toast. I'd say I like this place better than IHOP and its comparable to cracker barrel. Good prices, usually fast service, I'll be back.
4	Is The Place fancy or someplace a foodie is going to post pictures to Instagram? No.  Is it awesome? yes. Good eggs, biscuits, hash browns all of it. I first fell in love with the location near the NAU campus in Flagstaff.  Now I go to this one any time I can. The Place is exactly what a breakfast diner should be.  Thanks Mike and Rhonda for doing it the old fashioned way.Only complaint is that there are not breakfast cocktails.  4.5 stars for me.
2	When we came here, i was given the impression that the food was good. There was also a bunch of people in the door waiting so i got pump. When we got to our food though, i was so disappointed. The food is mediocre and my aunts cooking is way better. Their food are oily. No joke, no offence but take a bite and you will using those wipes alot because the oil are gonna stick at your lips. Now the good things, the steak was huge, the biscuit was big, and pancakes are large enough for 2 people. Also the bacon is good and thick. If I was given a chance i would pick another breakfast place. There was so little flavor to my order (steak breakfast) that i had to use so much seasoning, tabasco, ketchup, pepper, and salt. This is only my review i lf you want to really try please do so. :)
5	This place is amazing! I've only been here for breakfast but their hash browns are delicious. If you are a biscuits and gravy fan this is your place they are huge. Service is fast and friendly. Not to mention their serving sizes are more than generous.
3	Not overly impressed just average. Pre packages potatoes & hash browns  nice atmosphere  gd waiting staff seemed well organized.
4	Came with a group of 6 others for a late breakfast/early lunch. I have been to the place many times and started going when it was at the old location. The food is always good, servers friendly, and business is booming. Today I ordered the waffle breakfast which came with a waffle, 2 eggs, ham, and hash browns. It is a ton of food and I loved every bite. I was starving when I got there and I am now full and ready for a nap. I will continue to come to the place and I'm happy business is good.
4	This place used to be a really crappy mexican food place. Its disappearance alone was a blessing. So when i saw it was replaced by The Place i decided i would try it. The first 2 times i went we had to wait out front but for no more than around 15 minutes. My 3rd visit we got right in. Each time i have had the eggs benedict and a side of their thick cut bacon. I give the food and service an above average. You get a lot of food for a very reasonable price. I don't live in the area, but when i am around there, i generally stop for breakfast.
1	Just had breakfast.  Huevos rancheros and chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy.  Won't be back. Not good at all. Very disappointing.  Bloody Mary's were just ok.
5	Solid. The Place is super solid.  You cant go wrong with any of the food here.  The kids menu is very good,  my boys love the Mickey Mouse pancakes with apples on top.  The staff is always super friendly and helpful,  which is especially cool when you bring to small boys and a baby! The shaved prime rib sandwich is insane.  My wife always gets the same, eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce. She loves it. We all love their hot chocolate with fresh whipped cream and they give you one refill for free! Nobody does that with hot chocolate! The Place is highly recommended. Thanks for doing it right.
5	Solid. The Place is super solid. You cant go wrong with any of the food here. The kids menu is very good, my boys love the Mickey Mouse pancakes with apples on top. The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby! The shaved prime rib sandwich is insane. My wife always gets the same, eggs benedict with hollandaise sauce. She loves it. We all love their hot chocolate with fresh whipped cream and they give you one refill for free! Nobody does that with hot chocolate! The Place is highly recommended. Thanks for doing it right.
4	A nice place with friendly service and great breakfast food.A large OJ is large! I asked by the ounces and got 16oz or 20oz, man it was a lotta juice but fresh and great tasting!Primerib Platter - um this is known as a skillet, though I guess it's a platter since it's served on a plate.  Very nice hasbrowns, crispy, with primerib cooked medium after the second cooking with everything else (originally it's mid rare).  It was great flavor and great tenderness.  My sunny side up eggs were excellently cooked and perfectly runny.  Too bad I didn't eat the pancakes, too full!
4	Really generous portions at reasonable prices and lots of options like any diner.Fantastic buiscuits (home made) and pancakes and breakfast of any sort. Very Diner.Looking at some of the less positive reviews - If you're looking for an upscale brunch place with a great view, overly priced food, and fru fru portions with unnecessarily fancy food, and fancy drinks - this place is not for you.If you're looking for generous portions, casual diner, relaxed setting, and homestyle food - then this might be what you're looking for.
4	Solid breakfast joint on the west side. Good selection and reasonable prices and a rather large restaurant. Don't be turned off by the line and the waiting list...it goes fast..On my few times I've been here I'm stuck on the build it yourself breakfast burrito. Lots of choices, personally I get bacon, cheese, eggs, tomato, and  avocado. Super yummy!  I've also tasted the chicken omelet which was good as well. Besides that I haven't had other items, but they do look good. On a side note they also have some craft beer on tap. I've never had one while eating breakfast but I saw a sign of San Tan and Four Peaks seasonal on tap. That's cool!Overall good service, good coffee and good food. Can't beat it.
4	Only open for breakfast and lunch. If you go away hungry, it's your own danged fault. LOL
5	Busiest breakfast joint on the westside! We had to wait an hour to get seated. It was worth every minute of the wait. The portions are huge, the food tastes like homemade and the service is outstanding. Whether you're in Flagstaff or Phoenix, this is THE place to eat breakfast
4	Stopped in for breakfast with a friend and to catch up. I had a breakfast burrito with chorizo with a side of fruit. The portion was smaller than I expected but I was surprisingly happy about this as I think we are over served at most restaurants and end up with a ton of leftovers. My burrito was pretty good. The service was wonderful as my coffee cup was rarely empty, and this was a day I decided to drink A LOT of coffee.  My friend and I had a lot of catching up to do so we were there for an extended time. I never felt pressured to leave or uncomfortable about staying. It was a nice experience.  I would definitely return.
4	Great place for breakfast. Make sure you are either part of the early crowd, or come after 12pm because the wait is long on the weekends, which is understandable because the food is really good. This is actually my daughters favorite breakfast joint. I take her as a treat and we always have a good time. The waiters and waitresses are all very nice and actually check up on you and make sure everything is as you ordered it. My kiddo and I usually order the same things, but of the few different breakfast items I've ordered, everything was flavorful and the serving portions are HUGE so it's easy to split food with someone. I also always get a big surprise when I get my bill, because it's always cheaper than I think it would be! :)
4	This is a great breakfast stop. Super at getting people seated & orders taken. Coffee refills are quick! The food is very good...the only reason for 4 stars is that the gravy is so typically Arizona bland! Are there any good biscuit and yummy sausage gravy places in Phoenix?
5	This is by far one of the best breakfast /brunch places that I have ever been to! The food is amazing and there coffee tastes really good ! Not too strong and not too light , just perfect ! The waiters and waitresses are pretty efficient at there job. There was a couple of times when I had a waiter that was a little slow at checking in , but thats usually only when they're pretty busy ! Overall this is an awesome place to take a date or the family!
4	I almost always have a great experience here! The food has never disappointed & the portions are very generous. MOST of the time the staff is very friendly and if you show up on the weekends for breakfast, do expect a wait but you shouldn't be disappointed. Today, however, the service from my waitress Brittany wasn't great, I'd honestly give her a D+ at best, she wasn't rude by definition but she was very impersonable, she was more of an order-taker than a person of service, she'd walk by and look but really wouldn't even ask if all was good or if we needed anything, she never even stated her name(I got it from the receipt)... I needed her a few times and had to like waive her down or signal her over. I felt like my boyfriend and I were just inconvenient to her and she was JUST there to do her job, nothing more, nothing less.
5	No need to say much about The Place as the other reviews speak volumes. Took my wife and friend there for breakfast and we had three delicious meals. This is not like any restaurant I have ever eaten at. Honestly the food was just good. I had a Bloody Mary and it was great. The service was outstanding!!!
2	From what i have heard, "The Place" is a "fantastic place!" And everyone seems to recommend it. So, i decided to go there thinking it was gonna be really good.  Then, when i got there they said the wait was 2 minutes but we ended up sitting there for 20 minutes! Finally, we got seated and we ordered our drinks and the waiter gave us our drinks and spilt water on us. Then, we finally ordered and we got our food and the hamburger was really dry. Probably cause it was a frozen patty. So, i'm most likely not going there again.
4	This is one of the better breakfast places in the valley. The service is always good and I can't think of a single time that I have been there and had a bad meal. The breakfast menu has about everything you could want on it, and there is nothing to crazy or fancy, so it is not an intimidating list. The lunch menu is also pretty good, just in case you are not in a breakfast mood. There is really no way to go wrong here.
4	I love The Place! Been going here for years... the food is great and the price is right.
5	Love this place for breakfast or lunch, large portions for the extra hungry and great food keep me coming back.  Service was friendly and fast, they stop by the table just enough to keep drinks topped off.
5	Out standing service. We had a large group from the retirees of S.R.P. got us all in no problem. The food was good came out in good time and was hot. Everyone kept stopping by to fill drinks and coffee as well as checking on us.
4	I came here with my family Saturday morning for breakfast because I craved something delicious and I honestly didn't want to cook. We arrived to a very busy place, just as I expected. However, the wait time wasn't bad at all.My wife had the chicken fried steak. It was a generous portion that actually caught my interest. Unfortunately for me, there was no going near her plate.I had the huevos rancheros with the diced potatoes. I will say that the diced potatoes are much better than their hash browns. The meal overall was very well done and I cleaned the plate. I won't go into the Mickey pancake my daughter had because it is a pancake. However the bacon she had on the side with it was off. I can't put my finger on it exactly, but something about it didn't seem right. None of us had more than a bite of it.Overall this is a great breakfast place and we will return.
5	If you are looking for a great breakfast this is "The Place". Mike and Ronda started out in Flagstaff where they are a fixture in the community. So with bona fide  Mom & Pop credentials the restaurant is serving the very same kind of food you can get here today. Jo lived in Flagstaff for many years and has watched them grow there business. From one place then two... and now what was only a great place to stop on our travels through Flag is now here... Go in and try the biscuits and gravy we love them! They are know for there old fashion diner attitude, large portions and home style cooking. We love it!
5	Great food with good service. Had their meat and eggs meal with corned beef hash and pancakes. They give you A LOT of food for a decent price!  Totally would recommend this place.
5	The food is great and come with a big appetite! They do get busy so be early.
5	Great service!  And the breakfast my wife and I had was awesome.  Food was delicious and even the ice tea I had was delicious.  Can't wait for another opportunity to go there again!
5	I have been going to this place for years. They have defiantly stepped up their game since they have come down from flagstaff. Friendly people work there. Locally owned/ operated by a family of four. (Nicest people ever.) Great food. Great people. Great prices. What more can you ask for.
1	The only reason we came here was because it had good reviews on Yelp. Checked in. Was told there would be about a 25 minute wait; completely understandable for a highly rated restaurant. Was given the standard buzzer/pager and went outside to wait. 25 minutes later, our buzzer alerted us and we went inside. A "matter of fact" woman  (named Nikki) told us that we could have the worst seat in the house and receive a  10% discount off of our meal. I suggested she make it 25%  and she would have herself a deal. She told me 10% is the best they would do and told me to quit being "rude". I told her I wasn't being rude, I was merely negotiating. She then gave us a different buzzer/pager and told us we would have to wait even longer. Not off to a good start, by any means. Once our turn was up, our waiter Nick took great care of us. Nick was very attentive and kept our coffee cups full. We split an omelette with bacon, bell peppers, onions, mushrooms and pepper jack cheese with a side of diced potatoes and their biscuits and gravy. They charged us an extra dollar to split the meal so I assumed they would split it for us in the kitchen; this wasn't the case at all. They brought the meal out along with an extra plate. I asked Nick why the extra charge, basically for nothing, he looked at us apologetically and said he really didn't know. The food was just ok, more than likely spoiled by the hostesses bad attitude. I got the feeling that they were busy and if I didn't like it, that was just too bad. I rode 25 minutes to eat at this restaurant, I definitely will not be coming back.
2	Food is average at best. Customer service and choice is discouraged. Don't want a fatty potato option in your meal? Too bad, you can't substitute for something cheaper or pay for something more expensive. Never been to a breakfast place before this that didn't let you make it your way within reason.  First time here and last time here.
1	My least favorite breakfast place in the valley. Food is average at best. Customer service and choice is discouraged. Don't want a fatty potato option in your meal? Too bad, you can't substitute for something cheaper or pay for something more expensive. Never been to a breakfast place before this that didn't let you make it your way within reason.  First time here and last time here.
4	Some D*MN GOOD BISCUITS! Great, fast, friendly service. Popular but not a long wait, even if the line's long, whether you go as a party of 4 people or 9 people (we did both). Pancakes are the only thing I wouldn't recommend... Consistency is rubbery and tough, like it's from a pre-made mix. I would definitely come back.
2	I'm giving two stars because mostly all the servers have bitch face. The bartender was behind the bar and when I looked at her she rolled her eyes. Sorry ladies but find a new job since you seem to not like the one your working at.  Oh and you really should do a two minute check back on all your tables.
5	Excellent food, service, price and atmosphere.   Definitely coming back for breakfast.
5	Came here w/a desire to support local business. Wow, am I glad we did! Service is top notch, menu filled w/home cooking favorites, fresh products used, staff never let drinks get low, plates promptly & kindly removed. Open 6-3.I had a cheese omelette, hash browns, biscuits & gravy, & coffee/water. Fresh not frozen hash browns, fresh biscuits & gravy: nothing frozen & reheated. That was 7$!Will return & my new favorite breakfast place!!!
4	The food is always delicious and the quantity is filling. The servers are very helpful and definitely work as a team. It's only breakfast and lunch so it's always busy I recommend getting here early
5	I first heard about Mike and Ronda's "The Place" when i lived in Flagstaff.  I found in Flagstaff that the service was top notch and you can get a lot of food for your dollar.  I now have the benefit of living near this location and the service is just as good.  One thing I will also say is that the service is consistent.  On the weekends the lines are long but they do a great job moving people through.
5	This place has become a top favorite in a very short period! They have amazing fresh food that tastes home cooked! Abs every time I have been here the staff has Ben super friendly and attentive. Weekends there is just about always a wait when I come for breakfast but it's so worth it. I would def recommend this place. Support a small business and get amazing food with huge portions and friend budgets doesn't get better then that! And for my bacon lovers out there you must try the bacon on it's own!! Super thick and crispy goodness!!
5	Been to this place quite a few times for breakfast. The food and service were excellent. Sometimes on weekends there is a short wait but it is worth it.
5	Fastest, homemade quality breakfast I've ever had at a restaurant. The place is real cozy and great for large groups. All the servers were great at taking care of our needs. We had our food out in less than 10 minutes. Now that's impressive! Definitely recommend "This Place" when you're on this side of town. :-)Compliments to our waiter Josh!
4	The Place is not perfect, but is solid for what it is. It used to East of 51st Ave a few years ago, but has since moved West of 51st to put it right on Bell Road. It's kind of a greasy spoon without the typical diner feel. Love the pancakes and French toast.
1	Most of the reviews are about the food, which honestly isn't that great. The service was truly horrible. I had two servers and they spilled orange juice on the table and didn't clean it up. I don't know their names because they didn't give them to me. They didn't ask me how the food was, they didn't give me a to go box, and they didn't even wait until I left to check the tip I left. Everyone was rude and I've had better food at IHOP. I'm definitely never going back
5	Mike and Rhonda's is where it's at. Generous portions, good prices, friendly wait staff and DELICIOUS food. We try to make it here for breakfast at least a couple times a month. We've tried many different things and have NEVER been disappointed. I highly recommend the corned beef hash. It's awesome! One thing I also appreciate are their large drink cups. No sitting and waiting with an empty cup, although the staff would be on top of it if it were empty. Come out and enjoy an awesome, quick, inexpensive breakfast at The Place!
4	This is my 3rd visit.  The best by far.  Not because of the food but because of our server Josh!  He had such an amplified personality.  Great delivery on specials.  A sense of humor.  Hustled his section like no other and didn't push us to leave as soon as we were done.  Josh gets a gold star super duper today!
4	Let me tell you have to go to The Place and order the special French Toast. It's carrot cake and cream cheese. hmmm.  Add some maple syrup just to make it especially tasty sweet.The sausage patties were tasty but greasy.  The eggs over easy was over medium. I am not being critical but giving a flavor of the place. Free wifi.
5	Huge portions,  great food, friendly and attentive staff.  1st time trying The Place and it did not disappoint. My 14 old son couldn't even finish the 16oz steak and eggs. We will definitely be coming back.
5	Excellent Bloody Mary with extra spice to kick it up. Had the breakfast burro which was excellent as well.
5	Food is good, enormous servings we always have left overs. Service is awesome always courteous and on top of your drinks/needs. It does get packed, but the wait usually goes pretty quick.
5	Here for breakfast today. Most excellent service. Seated promptly and courteously, our waiter was awesome, and the other wait people help each other out with coffee filling and plate clearing. Very attentive. i had the french toast which was perfecto and my friend had the eggs benedict substituting good old american bacon for that infernal canadian bacon which they did most happily. It was also a taste delight.Nice ambiance.  They do have just ordinary coffee cups to enjoy your coffee with but i never really expect different.  Prices are also very reasonable and overall I would say one of the better breakfast places on the west side.
3	Busy place on a Sunday morning, and the staff was more attentive to the old farts seated at the bar, probably because they knew those guys would be washing down their football and eggs with plenty of beer - higher tabs. The menu offers enough variation to keep you coming back but doesn't set you up for analysis paralysis. My breakfast was okay - I didn't care for the charred taste of the sausage patties but the over-medium eggs were cooked right and the biscuit was tender.
4	Saturday mid morning, the PLACE was busy.Got stuffed by pancakes that were delicious and huge.Everything was fresh and hot.Service was very good,thanks Jackie.Nice and clean,good atmosphere.TV' s,Wi-Fi and a bar were a plus.Will revisit.
4	The food is always good here. I have been eating here for ever even when they were just in flagstaff. They did change their biscuits a few years back and they are not as good.
4	I love coming to The Place for breakfast. Even when it is busy, you really don't wait that long. I love the bacon here, I mean, I love bacon from most places, however they know how to make that bacon sing! The only issue I would have is that sometimes the tables, depending on how many you have can be a little cramped, that same feeling you get sitting in a chair in a kindergarten classroom, however that has only happened a couple times.
5	The place!Huge portions, great staff, amazing atmosphere. Every time I go I'm happy. I'm a big guy and I get full. You might need to get a to go box because you might still have food on your plate.Steve is the greatest, and he's a giant bodybuilder and you can't miss him.I recommend the chicken fried steak, it's  awesome.
5	Very good breakfast food, good portions and a good price!
5	What in the love do you put on your bacon? Stop by this morning with my daughter a.k.a. foodie in training and we shared a waffle breakfast that came with eggs and bacon. The waffle is really good , the eggs nice and fresh and cooked perfectly. The bacon had a little bit of a sweet hint of maybe brown sugar or something all I know is it was incredibly good. I think you guys found a regular! Yummy!
2	Very disappointed. If you frozen food (except the eggs) heated up, boxed pancakes and waffles. This is the place for you. Save a few dollars and go to Denny's or IHOPService Good, and Fast only reason I gave it 2 stars.
4	Awesome lunch had an omelette build your own it was great. Fast service, polite waiter and excellent customer service. Will go visit again.
4	Went to The Place for breakfast and was shocked to find that there was no wait! There are always people waiting outside on Sunday morning. Not sure if we were just early or if people are still eating leftover turkey. We got seated right away and I ordered the Waffle Breakfast with scrambled eggs (well done) and bacon. It took quite awhile to get our food, considering they weren't very busy. But when it finally came out, it was fresh and hot. The eggs were cooked correctly as always and the waffle was perfect. I also tried some of my friend's chorizo quesadilla and diced potatoes. So tasty! Aside from the long wait for the food, it was a great breakfast.
5	Old fashioned breakfast.   Great for weekend meals.   Lots of seating.   Always packed.   Great fast service.
4	The portions are HUGE! Probably the biggest biscuits I've ever seen (I didn't order them). Amazing, fluffy pancakes and they give you 2 syrups. I built my own omelette and since I don't get any meat, they let me have extra veggies. It seems like it's a very meat centric menu but that's ok. They seem to work with you on things. It's a rustic lodge environment. Family friendly but also free flowing booze. There is a bar and counter with open seating. I'll definitely come back with friends and family. Now I'm going to finish "m m m my mimosa"
5	Biggest and freshest biscuits I have ever had. The staff is speedy yet friendly and the cost is perfect. I still can't get over the great portion size.
4	Just in the mood for a new place to have breakfast, hit my yelp button. This place pops up. I had the steak strip breakfast. comes with two eggs, sirloin steak strips, hash browns, choice of pancakes, biscuit and gravy, or toast. this was one of my favorite plate I have ever had! Steak was very good, had a great taste seasoned very well. hash browns were cooked exactly the way I like them, crispy! The pancakes are the only reason I did not give a five star review, they are good, but I have had better and I prefer the thin pancakes over the thick ones. But I will definitely come back again
3	They make a pretty good breakfast and the service is nice but the food is just so so not bad not great could use a little bit more flavor.
5	Yum! Big portions, reasonable prices, friendly service! TV's to watch Sunday's big games. Bar and free take home coffee!  Blueberry syrup was fantastic on light n fluffy pancakes, steak was yum! Not tough.
5	You will never leave here hungry!  Such generous portions and great prices!
