4	An impressively good pub considering its recent opening.PRICE: Reasonable.SIZE: Has a large feel to it but is in fact not too big, with plenty of seating about, and a couple of extra seats in the alcove towards the front. FEEL: The pub has an open feel to it, and is decorated in a tasteful, traditional manner.RANGE: The pub stocks a regularly replenished supply of real ale, and they also have a wide selection of whiskies and spirits. No Strongbow to be seen (a good thing), and instead they have real cider on tap.TOILETS: Can be accessed from two sides if the bar is busy. They are clean, decorated like the rest of the pub and with modern, functional fittings.Now here is a good pub.Cask and Barrel opened relatively recently, and replaced an ageing bar which had maintained little or no interest for a long time. I recently started going to this pub with a large group of friends and was pleased to see that it was a delightful little place, reminding me of a similar place of quality: the Cumberland Bar in the New Town.Drinks are not inexpensive, but the prices are reasonable for the quality and choice provided. There is a 30p charge for using a card, but with a cash machine just around the corner this makes little odds. The staff are friendly, and if you ask for a taster of a beer or cider they will oblige happily, offering their opinions and advice.It is popular with a wide demographic, and with a large number of younger people like myself in attendance the place has a great feel. In these more quiet summer months before the festival there is no music playing (a relief, after having to cope with annoying pseudo-bars that play music far too loud) and there are five television screens sitting idle about, no doubt resting following the business of the World Cup and the Open.I was pleased with this place. I would recommend it to anyone. An overenthusiastic thumbs-up again from me.
3	Occupying the site of what used to be The Junction bar this is a welcome addition to Edinburgh's South Side. The interior decoration emulates that of the original C&B on Broughton Street and there is the same commitment to real ales as well. It's not long opened so the toilets and fittings are all in great nick.
4	Real ale on tap complete with frequent rotation of guest ales plus the usual drops, plenty of flat screens make it a great place to watch a game or two...and the staff are knowledgeable about what they're pulling & happy to chat about them. Really enjoyable!
5	Can it get any better? A beautiful day, a lovely pint and my team's even winning! The Cask & Barrel Southside, just what's been needed in this area. Relax with a quality ale (5 guests and 3 regular) or a decent bottle (11 to choose from), wine or spirits too! Great chat from the knowledgeable staff and a superb atmosphere. Free wifi to upload a Yelp review too! Now back to my ale and the footie....
4	I used to live near the Cask and Barrel down in Broughton, but now I live near this one and I have to say - I prefer this one.  There is something about the space which works better, it feels friendlier and less old man-ey than the other one.As with the other Cask and Barrel, though, it has a good selection of beers/ales and knowledgeable staff.  I would even tentatively suggest that the staff here are friendlier than C&B Broughton.  I found myself here after a meal and one of those bottles of wine that hit you just so, so unfortunately I only stayed for one, but I will definitely be returning.
5	Excellent recreation of the original Cask and Barrel on Boughton Street. Just what the area deserves to have is a quality pub like this. The selection of real ales is second to none and are all kept as they are meant to be. I like the fact that they have a lot of sport on although this doesn't dominate the pub. It is not a sports bar but an excellent bar that shows sport. It has enough space that can easily accommodate groups but also small tucked away ares for 2. I am glad it is here!!
4	This is my number one choice of pub for watching a good football match. Firstly because it's local, but it also has pretty much everything I require to enjoy both my beer and the game. Ample screens at a good height, decent picture quality (though sometimes the sound is barely audible), and a good spacious bar. It's square-shaped in the centre of the pub so there's plenty of ledge for you to lean by the bar on most nights. There's a nice selection of guest ales on tap at very reasonable prices, and the staff are always friendly. The seating round the walls makes good use of the space and there is a little side room if you wanna get away from the jibber jabber. The decor has a modern old man's pub vibe to it. The walls laden with vintage alcohol ads, mirrors and pictures from back in the day. It's tastefully done though so doesn't feel like you're stepping into a crusty saloon. And there's a barrell to plonk your beers on which is always a winner. Also toilets have been good and clean whenever I've been in.If you want good beer, and you want football with a decent atmosphere without rowdiness, then you can't go far wrong here.
4	Nice building, good decor. Too busy to find seats at 8:00 on a Friday night. Bartender didn't seem to know much Bout beer but they had a small selection of real ales from the cask.
4	A fairly large pub with a classic horseshoe shaped bar Cask and Barrel Southside is a good pub with a great selection of cask beer (as one would expect) alongside some specialised bottles and Stowford Press cider (not Strongbow, always a plus!).While it is more of a classic scottish pub, there is plenty of room and the bar staff are efficient and helpful. All in all I recommend the Cask and Barrel Southside be it for a quick after work drink or a longer session.
5	Best pub in Edinburgh for Real Ale and Sports,  recently won the Edinburgh CAMRA Pub of the Year Award for the 2nd year running! very knowledgeable team who are passionate about their Beer. Plenty of TVs so this is a great place for the big events, and they will show pretty much anything, International Rugby takes precedence over anything else, followed by Football and the occasional Andy Murray match. If you like your beer, this is a one stop shop, not a bad range of malts either and very reasonably priced.Ladies don't rate their wine, but that's not important now is it?
4	Not sure how I missed reviewing this pub before now. Its a sister pub of the Cask and Barrel in Broughton Street, and has very similar look and feel if you are familiar with the its sister pub. The decor is traditional with a few screens scattered around showing sports, but the volume is either off or low so these rarely distract. There is lots of space and it gets busy, but normally it doesnt take long to aquire a seat if you are there for a session even on Friday evening. The cleinetelle are always friendly. This is definately a real ale place and the staff are very knowledgable on what is on offer and whats appearing soon, so if you are a fan of the real ale or have pals that are this is a great venue to sink a jar or two. There is plenty on offer for the rest of us in ciders, lager and shorts. just dont expect cocktails its not really that kind of place. From its opening I think last year or there abouts it has been constsently good at what they provide. Good honest service, beers and relaxed atmosphere. If your in newington and fancy a brew you should go have a gander. Thumbs up from me.
4	Great pub for real Ales.  We stopped in for a pint while visiting from the States.  My wife swears her creamy pint was the best pour she's ever had.  Mine was similarly satisfying after the walk up from Princes Street.We enjoyed listening to some locals chat about sports and other local banter.  The incessant cursing with the Scottish accent was somehow oddly satisfying to listen to.We would have stayed for lunch, but this is strictly a drinking and TV sports watching venue.You can get crisps and nuts, but that was their extent of pub grub... This is a drinking pub only.Not many ladies present during our visit, mostly men watching the games on the many TVs.
