5	Located inside Suncoast Hotel and Casino on the second floor, this was not my first choice as I wanted to eat Japanese and not steak or red meat. However, my friend who I just meet the previous day invited my friend and I to enjoy her comps worth $400.00 at this restaurant.I was worried it would not meet my expectations for the kind of high roller dinners you would find in Vegas. You see this is the kind of place only locals go to since it is approximately 30 minutes away from what we all know as The Strip.So we had a comp of $400 and two drinks per dinner, my friend and I could not pass up an opportunity to eat till we literally exploded. NO buffet dinner for us that night. Of course, our comps were use it all or lose and we went for it all. Whle they were setting up our table, we enjoyed our compliementary cocktails: California Riesling, Grey Goose Tonic and Grey Goose Cranberry. I wanted Belvedere but they only carry GG. Since it took some time to set up the table, we asked to preview the menu so we would know what to expect. Normally we would not order at the bar but we could not wait for the "festivities" to begin. Once we were seated, we started with a seafood platter consisting of shrimp cocktail, crab legs, and oysters. The presentation alone caused diners around us to stop and take in what they weren't having. We got seated in a booth where you couldn't help from being watched as you were eating. My party was able to enjoy the Las Vegas Valley view when we weren't gorging ourselves on our dinners. Next came the main entrees: porterhouse with mashed potatoes, crab legs with a veal loin medallion, and a huge baked Australian lobster tail. Everything was top notch and knowing it was all free sweetened the deal. For dessert, we had a platter with 4 types of sweets. However, I was fiending for bananas foster and they threw that in. All in all, we had a hugh chocolate brownie, creme brulee, fresh berries with sambuca, strawberry cheesecake and the bananas foster. Oh they lite on fire the container of fresh berries with the sambuca. Yum yum!!! Service was first-rate and better than when my friends and I dined at the Bellagio. The dinner ended up costing us no more than $60 as we only needed to pay for tip. I would come back again.
5	This time around, we only had $150 in comps to enjoy at the restaurant and it was perfect for my companion and I. Again we began with drinks at the bar, Grey Goose tonic and a pineapple juice with soda set the mood right. Next, we order the seafood sampler appetizer with oysters, shrimp, crab legs, and lobster tail. Entrees consisted of tournedos neptune (fillet medallion with crab, asparagus and bearnaise over mashed potatoes), and veal loin medallions with mushrooms. Lastly, dessert was banana fosters and chocolate fruit cup. Again a great dinner with views of Las Vegas Valley.
3	I came here with the wife when I had a bonus from a contract job I had in Vegas. While the bill was around $250, and the food small portions, the atmosphere was great, the wine excellent, the food well prepared and tasted great, and the staff was very attentive.It's a casino-fancy restaurant, which to me is basically when you can expect to pay a lot for something nicer than the bar and lower level restaurants in the casino, but it's not really on par with its price tag.
5	Sure the place is expensive, but it's a steakhouse!My dad, my brother and I came here to eat dinner. I thought it was a stretch to come and eat. We sat by the window so we had a nice view.The service here is really professional and very classy.We ordered filet mignon and the New York steak. The steaks were so tender and some of the best steaks that I have ever tasted in my life. It tasted aged and just perfect. It's really indescribable. My mouth is watering as I'm writing this review. The bill came out to be around $150, but it was alright. My dad paid for it. :]
5	CLOSEDThis steakhouse has now become SC Prime Steakhouse.Primo's was excellent while it was around though. I went here for my birthday a few times, and also for an anniversary dinner. A great staff, and great food. Hopefully the new place is just as good!
4	We've been going to this fine steakhouse since we moved to Vegas in 2001. Great views, fine steaks (like any other high end steak house) and a bit pricy. All in all, special, but not special in the genre.
