4	Banh Mi Cao Thang churns out the best banh mi - Vietnamese hoagies - of all the Montreal sandwicheries I've tried, packing amazingly delicious ingredients into crispy baguettes. Their sandwiches seem smaller than those of their competitors, but they pack a tasty punch, especially if you ask for hot peppers with your order.At about C$2 a sandwich, they're not expensive. Like many others, this shop has a "buy 10, get 1 free" special. We ordered about 15 to go, and the nice sandwich-making lady gave us a bag of hot peppers too. (Their hot peppers are wicked hot - they use tiny, thinly sliced Thai red peppers, not the larger green ones!)Recommended for quality banh mi.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. This place was so terrible I had to log on to Yelp in the business center of my hotel and write this review. The bahn mi place we wanted to go to was too full so we walked across the street and got two pork bahn mi sandwiches here. HUGE mistake.I was immedietaly turned off when the staffer handed us pre-packaged sandwiches instead of making them right there for us. Whatever. I unwrapped mine and it looked skeezy. Still, I took a reserved first bite. Yup, stale, dry, and funky tasting. I packaged my sandwich back up, walked out, and chucked it in the nearest garbage can. Wish I could get my $3.50 back.
1	IDespicable Bahh Mi.  Stale bread, no flavor, just awful.  Why did I go here?  There was a much better banh mi place across the street, yet here I went.It's not Cao Thang's fault, it's mine.
1	AWFUL. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.The chicken was too sweet, and while it looks like a big sandwich with a lot, it's a whole lot of NOTHING.No flavour, stale, tasteless... and the old guy serving was also pretty rude.Why be rude? No one will come back to visit.I'd rather go across the street to a REAL Vietnamese Banh Mi shop.
1	Not good.  Either the bread is too dense to start with (maybe it is a French baguette and not a Vietnamese one?) or it just sits around getting stale all day with butter on it.  The coriander is mostly stems.  The only redeeming quality of this place is that the tofu-mushroom mixture on the vegetarian sandwich is fairly tasty.I agree, go to the place across the street, or throw "authenticity" out the window and go to Vua in the Quartier Latin which is really good.  It's obvious when you see the sizes of the respective crowds which place in Chinatown is better...
2	It is so nice to see Banh Mi shops in Montreal!I like to consider myself a Banh Mi connoisseur, considering how many of these sandwiches I have consumed over the years.  This is a streamlined counter service set-up where the sandwiches are assembled in record time.  They will ask you if you want spicy or not, and that is pretty much all of the choices, unless you express a dislike for a topping.  I ordered my all-time favorite, Grilled Pork Banh Mi.  To be honest, I was really not impressed with the meat, it was actually kind of nasty.  It was not thin sliced, marinated pork grilled over flame.  Instead it was a pressed pork patty that was slightly grilled, like a grilled sliced sausage or Spam.  It was very sweet.  I felt bad because it was the first time that my friend was trying Banh Mi, and I was trying to tell him that is not usually this gross.  Next time I am in town, I will definitely be trying another shop.
3	Was it all just a dream? I don't recall Banh Mi Cao Thang ever being lesser than the average banh mi. Sure, it's not the most incredible Vietnamese sandwich I've ever had, but it's definitely far from the worst. When it comes to the checklist that is how I evaluate banh mi, the meats, the prices, the spreads, and the bread were all definitely solid.Each time I've been here has always been on the road before I head back to New York. They make for great snacks / meals on the go and beats the highway side fast food options any day (Yes, I'm talking about you - Harvey's). The price is usually just right. My first banh mi here was roughly $2.50CAD a few years ago, now it's around $3.50-3.75CAD for each sandwich.The sandwiches themselves aren't massive, but they're packed with a good amount of fixens. A serious banh mi lover (#1) will usually shoot for the ultimate combination - dac biet (house special) - which has a little bit of everything. It can be a little sweet but is usually a lot of savory, something Cao Thang does fairly well.Like any solid Vietnamese bakery / sandwich shop, they sell much more than just banh mi. There is guoi cuon (summer rolls), banh xeo (meat crepes?), and a nice serving of goi du du tom tet (shrimp papaya salad). All of these are nice takeaways when a sandwich doesn't fit the appetizing bill.One last tidbit: Don't ever approach a Viet sammy joint toward the end of the day expecting incredible bread. Similarly to people who complain about subpar Dim Sum at 2-3pm, ought to know to show up before noon like the locals. Apply this concept to Viet sandwiches and the difference is noticeable right away. Fresh is how we roll.__________(#1) Also, a serious banh mi lover won't spell it "bahn mi." That's okay, I write "sandwitches" to see if anyone is paying attention sometimes.
