5	Came here to buy the lady something sparkly for her finger and was greeted promptly.  The folks behind the counter were super helpful when I needed them, but weren't too up in my grill.  They have some nice stuff that won't cost you a fortune.  Two thumbs up!
1	Apparently, I've been on yelp since 2009 and never written a review; Well here it goes: If yelp had a negative star rating it would be a negative 10!!!  I bought my husbands "platinum"  wedding band here last April and found out today that they gave me a 14k white gold band; Thank god for Molinas and their honesty. The story doesn't stop here, they wouldn't even get a manager to help my husband until I got there, and their computer system was down.  They cant tell me anything til Monday!!! I hope nobody else has been duped.  Beware!  I feel cheated and very appalled that this happened.  This story isn't over, so let's see how much worse it can get...
1	It's been about 3 weeks since this incident happen, I wish I could say it improved, but it didn't, it got much worse.  After we finally got in touch with Mr. Olson, he apologized and tried to blame it on the supplier saying they mismarked the ring, even though the last time we had spoken with somoeone it was because of a "bad employee".   They agreed to replace the ring from the supplier, yet last Friday,  they informed my husband they just got the materials and the ring would be done shortly ( they made the ring, big mistake).  The ring was such poor quality , that I actually laughed when I saw it.  Their were scorch marks around the crooked channel set diamonds.  The wave actually covered part of the diamond. I was livid!  I took the ring to another jeweler, because Mr. Olson had agreed to allow an outside appraisal event hough they did their own (that was a joke).  The other jeweler I took the ring to was appalled by the quality of the ring.  She said the scorch marks on the ring  were from them trying to solder the diamonds in.  She also saw bubbles in the platinum along with the crooked channel setting.  I took the ring back to Mr. Olson right after speaking with the other jeweler, and he didn't understand why I was so upset.  He finally admitted to seeing the wave in the ring and heard him discuss it with his jeweler about the quality.  He tried to tell me that they were rushed and then the reason they couldn't order another ring was because it was an "Estate ring" (this was new)......Finally he offered me a refund "Because I obviously can't make you happy", well no you can't if you provide poor service and poor quality materials.  Its extremely upsetting that we no longer have our rings that we made our vows with...That's something we can never get back.  Fortunately, we went to Molina's this afternoon and purchased our new beautiful and symmetrical wedding bands.  Their service and quality were amazing and comforting.  I wish we would have purchased our bands here from the beginning (lesson learned). By the way, has I was talking with Mr. Olson, he had opened up a folder with our names on it,  he had a printed copy of my yelp review and stapled it to the folder...so  guess this is another one he can add!!!!
5	Darrell and his staff helped me make the most beautiful custom necklace for my wife  commemorating the birth of our first son.
5	I've been to this jeweler twice and both times I needed jewelry repaired (a few necklaces & one bracelet). They helped me both times, all my jewelry turning out completely fixed, free of charge! The bracelet I brought in was missing a part of the chain, and he took the bracelet apart and reconstructed it with a different chain I had from a broken necklace and it looks beautiful now! Love them here.
5	Just picked up my custom ring from Jewels & Estate Gallery and I am thrilled.  I brought in an 8x10 printout of a dragon that I wanted made into a ring.  Bonnie designed the layout, keeping me up to date with the progress via a photo then a wax impression.  The dragon on the finished ring measures just over 1/2".  What artistry to shrink that 8x10 to a perfectly detailed 1/2"!  And from start to finish it took under 3 weeks.  This is not my first purchase from Jewels & Estate Gallery and it certainly won't be my last.  Thanks Bonnie & Darrell.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I would!!!  I called for a jewelry appraisal for insurance purposes and spoke to Shane who was more than helpful and very professional.  He quoted me a fair price for three rings and had them cleaned as well.  I had also brought in a ring that I purchased aboard a cruise ship and he had to deliver the bad news that the stones were not the quality I had been told (another story).....We had a very nice, albeit not so fun conversation, about how to handle that situation.I came back the next day to pick up my rings and appraisals.  He was very personable and explained each appraisal to me.  He also told me to come back in three to six months to have my rings cleaned free of charge and said that no jeweler should charge me for that service.I will definitely be back and would highly recommend them to all my friends.  I had mentioned that I had a jeweler that I loved and trusted in CA before we moved here to AZ seven years ago, but hadn't found one here.  I have now!
5	Had the pleasure of working with Shane to do an appraisal on my engagement ring for insurance purposes. He was friendly, knowledgeable and walked me through how he got to his calculation so I left feeling really comfortable with the appraisal. I'll definitely go back to them next time I'm in the market for some jewels :)
