4	This is my favorite commercial movie theater.  The biggest draw for me is 1) location and 2) hot cinnamon and sugar donuts!  They always have a large selection of movies due to the many many screens.  A big plus is that, unlike the Point, they take debit cards at the ticket line AND at the treat counter.  Make me wanna buy lotsa candy.
2	Let me start by saying that I often carry around a back pack.  When the occasion calls for it I upgrade to a purse.  But most of time I am traveling with munchkins with insatiable appetites, so I've got snacks in there for them and/or lots of books.  We go to this theater all the time, and I take my back pack there all the time too.  But this time it created a problem.  We got our tickets and were happily standing at the concession counter ordering tons of overpriced, bad for you, food when this teeny, tiny, little teenage employee approached me and advises me that they are going to have to search my back pack.  WTF??They got a homeless guy out front smokin' a doobie with some teenagers, but they want to search my stuff?!?!  But you see I was wrong about what they were looking for.  Knowing that I had nothing in my pack that was without prescription, (ho ho hee hee) I willingly handed it over to the mickey mouse club house member.  She opens the first big zipper and finds, OH MY GAWD!!  RICE CAKES!!!  I am so busted.  That's right she was lookin' for food contraband, not drugs!  The first thing she says is, "yep, food" and she hands the pack back to me looking disgusted.  She then advises me that I have to leave the pack locked in the office during the movie we came to see.Because you know, even though we're standing there with food from the concession stand, we still might wanna eat them rice cakes instead!!!!  At this point everyone is looking, and my fellow movie companion is standing there eating his newly purchased popcorn enjoying the live action theater.  I thought I wouldn't care if she wanted to hold on to it while I watch a movie, but my credit cards, cell phone, iPod and prescription drugs were the real items of value and that had me worried.  Thankfully for me all the contents of my pack were still there when I got it back from food police.  However the movie sucked, I sat there the whole time wondering if her and her teenage friends were rifling through my pack.All this because of rice cakes my friends.  So the next time you dare purchase some, just remember it's better to use them as target practice than to mistakenly bring them into the theater!!!Even though bringing in outside food was not my intention this time, I can say that next time I go, I think I'll wear a trench coat and inside I'll have bags of popcorn and cans of soda strapped to me so I can smuggle in the contraband and be an arsehole just for the heck of it.
3	Your only choice for movies if you're on the east side.  Older theater shows the current films but don't expect anything extraordinary from here.
1	UPDATE!  Ever since my last review where I described being backpack violated for carrying rice cake contraband, I've made it my mission to sneak in as much snack contraband as I can every time I go here.  Today I stopped at Walgreens before heading over to the theater, and bought 3 large boxes of candy for 3 bucks!  Yes!  The same candy in the same size boxes that they sell at the theater for 4.25 a piece!  That's a 9.75 savings to me Eastgate, and YES I like stuffing boxes of candy down my pants!  I like it!!
3	Its nothing special. If you want to see a movie it works.
4	Fantastic seating, not a bad seat in the house.  Plus there's fantastic eats!
4	I grew up going to this cinema. Over the last 25 years I've seen it grow from a few theatres (the lower-roofed area now on the left side of the building) to double that (the main area), to even more theatres with the addition of stadium seating (the right hallway). These days the place is a bit run-down and the prices for Madison are a bit silly. But the popcorn is always tasty and even while run by teenagers, whenever I'm back in Wisconsin and in a movie-going mood, it rarely disappoints.  It's not as easy to get to as it was when 151 was a 2 lane and you could make a turn right into the parking lot, but it's still pretty great as the only movie option still in existence for the East side of Madison and surrounding areas. The fate of this cineplex is unknown to me as Marcus is building a "new" Eastgate on Hwy C near the Sun Prairie Target. This is surely why it hasn't been updated in a few years and why the back concession stand is rarely open any more. Still, worn and old though it may be, I always will love this place. I hope that it gets repurposed and not bulldozed when the business is moved further East. I'll bump the review to 4 stars simply for being the awesome home of so many memories. :)
2	Definitely a theater that's showing its age. The last movie I saw here was the first Matrix movie... and I don't think much has been updated in the past 13+ years since then.Swung by to see Rush (by Ron Howard); it was a Sunday at 6:20pm - the parking lot was nearly empty. The ticket sales person was friendly; she made a little small talk and said that she heard Rush was a great film - apparently she was going to try to watch it tomorrow. I appreciated the chat; all too often stores/shops/etc are staffed with drones. Not the case here.Figured I'd treat myself to a small popcorn and a soda. Concession stand had zero people in line; another very friendly staff member asked if she could get me anything. I placed my order and she did something that made me want to rate this place at 5 stars: she said, "I'll fill your popcorn half-way, and if you'd like me to add butter or salt, you'll get a better mix." I declined the butter but did shake a little salt into the middle of the container before having her fill it the rest of the way. What a great, very welcomed touch. I've never seen that before.Rush wasn't playing on one of the IMAX screens, and maybe I'm spoiled by IMAX and from having watched dozens of movies in my own home theater (with 4, 18" subwoofers in an infinite baffle line array and 4800-watts of Crest power), but wow - the theater was a disappointment.Picture was fine, but the sound was so flat and reverse-scooped (no highs/no lows). Makes for easy-to-hear dialogue, but takes away all of the boom/rumble/feel that comes with the big screen experience. :-(Restrooms were clean, but also very dated.So... Service/Staff: 10-stars (out of 5)Value: 1-star (movie, popcorn (junior size) & large soda was $24.74 for 1 person)Theater: 2-stars - very dated/aged; poor sound quality, seats cramped (no leg room)
4	Walking into this place is almost like walking into a time warp. The main lobby was desperately outdated.  I would guess there hasn't been any update to it in 20 years. The theater our movie was in was nice though.  I wasn't expecting too much after seeing the lobby but it had stadium seating and seemed updated.  The staff we interacted with was friendly but not very chatty.  Overall, I had a good theater experience and would go here again if I'm in the area.
4	This is your typical movie theater but I loooove that they are running their $5 Tuesday (movie ticket AND free popcorn special).  My review centers around their customer service.  I purchased movie tickets at 3 pm for a 5:30 pm movie.  I then went about my errands.  I was accidentally shorted on my change.  When I realized what happened, I called and spoke to Jason who said they would could the cashier's drawer when I came back for my movie.  Not only did they respond and were ready with the cash when I arrived, but they were really nice about it.  Mitch is a great box office person and I appreciate he apologized.  We both made the mistake.  Thank you for your niceness and your prompt response.  I appreciate it.
2	I am dropping you down two stars.  I checked the website last night at 8pm and realized I missed the 7:25pm showing of 12 Years a Slave.  So I decided to go tonight.  I got there to purchase my tickets when the window person told me there is no such showtime.  I was like, what?  Huh?  No.  She told us to head out and the times were on the wall.  Well they sure were, and in an obvious place, the numbers 7:25 were removed. The gap was comical.  We were told by the manager that updates can be made and will be reflected on the website 15 minutes after they are made.  This means that the showtimes are simply suggested times, they will not actually be honored and can change at any time to put up a more popular film.  In addition to that, it was my responsibility to check the internet before I left home.  His assumption that I have constant and immediate access to the internet was insulting.  I was not the only one standing there.  Another patron complimented me on the points I made to Tom, the manager.  They are all valid points and completely unacceptable that an email is sent out each week reflecting these times.  Each theater sends out their showtimes.  In addition, I checked this time yesterday.  The box office person did not even realize that a time was cancelled.  Inform your people to address the problem in a productive manner.  Perhaps: I apologize, there was a change to the schedule or I am sorry for the error, can I suggest another movie.The movie was to show at 7:25.  Unless you got there 30 minutes early, you only had one other movie option.  Everything else started during the 6 o'clock hour.  It was offensive to be suggested that I see some other movie.  I am not always in the mood for an action movie or a cartoon.  I find it tragic that an award-winning movie is not being shown during prime hours.  There were so many of us dumb-founded that there were no other options.  Tonight, they lost at least ten patrons (that I could see).Two stars is: Meh, I've experience better and I would say that is what Eastgate Cinemas has become.  They do not have enough showtimes for movies which lack blockbuster status.  Then to cancel showtimes with no notice is not a great way to do business.
2	It's a basic, few frills theater.  Their screens are a little too small for this day and age, which I assume they'll be fixing when they build the new location in Sun Prairie.I go to a lot of movies, and this theater is really no better or worse than most other theaters I've been to, and given that this is closest to my home, it receives the majority of my business.My favorite part of this theater is the fact that I usually go to the bathroom before a show (who doesn't really?).  I always use the same bathroom (the smaller one to the right), and I usually end up at the first urinal when I go in.  At the first urinal, a few years ago, some dude wiped a nasal nugget on the wall when he was doing his business.  That wall widget happened to be nearly the same color as the tile in the men's room.  Now, every time I go in there, I look for it.  It's still there, over 4+ years now.Way to clean the bathrooms, Eastgate!
3	Average theater, seats are old, but they do the job. The food & drink is way overpriced, so bring a big purse with snacks from home.  $5 movies all day Tuesday is a good deal.
