5	So the whole reason why I chose this Aamco was because it was a short walk from my apartment in Shadyside and I could easily leave my car there and walk home without having to bum a ride from my roommate.  All I needed was an oil change and my PA state inspection and it turned out to be a pretty painless experience.  I just dropped off my car in the morning and picked it up in the afternoon.  It's hard to find a decent mechanic and Larry and his team seem like people who will take good care of you.  I'll be back there for sure.
5	I was incredibly nervous about taking my car to a major chain as I've heard and read many mixed reviews about numerous locations. My experience at this Aamco was fantastic though!Larry was incredibly kind and helpful in explaining what was wrong with my transmission, and when it came time to fix it, he ended up charging me the originally estimated cost even though he needed to do a little extra work. Can't recommend this place enough!
5	I have taken my car here now for seven months (two cars really).  From routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service.   They always present me with good and complete information and are honest and trustworthy.   The last time I was in they saw the problem right away and since it was a 30 second fix they didn't charge me.  I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!
4	I went here to get my serpentine belt replaced and a transmission flushed and these guys were friendly and efficient.  They took the time to explain things to me and I felt comfortable that they were making the appropriate recommendations without trying to charge me for things I didn't need.  It was ready in just a few hours as promised so I was able to pick it up same day.  Only complaint is that they left my transmission fluid dipstick out of place under the hood so it was just laying on top, but fortunately it didn't fall down and screw up anything since it was laying flat on the top, but if it had that could've been a more serious problem.  So I subtracted a star for that since it seemed a bit careless.
5	I took my car here for the state inspection. I mean, there's really not much to rate here - they gave me a sticker, didn't try to sell me anything (my car is like a year old, anyways) and the price was as advertised. They gave me a ride to work, and were quite friendly. I'll most likely come back for my future inspection needs, and, if I have a car out of warranty, certainly give them a try for mechanical issues.
1	If I could give them zero stars, I would. Awful! My car wouldn't start so I called the tow and he managed to get it started, but it's been acting up so I brought it in anyways. After having my car for an entire week and not calling me once, after I've called twice, the man on the phone told me it was ready to pick up, nothing wrong with it. When I went to pick it up, I turned it on and before I could even leave the lot, it died! I went back in and told him that the tow truck operator hooked it up to a jumper box and pumped the gas to start it. That's what he did. Then told me it probably didn't start because it was sitting so long. Then he told me "I don't know anything about your car"! I left and sure enough had trouble getting it started at my next destination, had to pump the gas pedal. Yeah, that sounds like "nothing's wrong". DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR HERE. THEY ADMITTEDLY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT CARS!
5	So I had to take my car to get inspected in order to register my car here in PA and ended up taking it to this place.  I called in advance, the day of and they were able to fit me in since I needed to get this done ASAP. Anyway, I drop the car off in the AM and walk over to the closest Starbucks (its like 3 blocks away) so that I can get my work done, as they don't have WIFI.  After 3 hours or so, Larry calls me and lets me know that my car was ready. Fortunately, my car didn't need any work so I was a happy gal. The inspections that they did were about $67 or so, which was pretty average as I had taken my husband to get the same thing done elsewhere. At any rate, the people here were very friendly and professional, they didn't try to sell me anything that was not necessary, which I tend to encounter a fair bit.  Highly recommend.
