5	Great service, very clean and professional. Funny and caring team. Several repeat customers there while I was there for a reason.  They match competitors coupons!
4	Love this place!! Clean and neat and opened late on Fridays. Offered lemonade and water for drinks , extremely good service and I left knowing I will be back again!
5	A handful of things feel as good as a great pedicure. A little under a year ago I stopped in here to spend some of my hard earned cash, and loved it. So- needing a pedicure in the worst way- and not generally  having pedi money in the budget anymore, I figured, I would stop in and see how Andy's place was holding up, and if it was a good as I remembered.  Yep- still love this place! Andy keeps his store CLEAN and friendly! Competitive prices, and he is an artistic genius when it comes to nail designs. Plus, he is a smart aleck- which I LOVE.  Also- had my very first cup of REAL green tea- complete with tea leaves. ( yes, I am VERY American- and was a little shocked at the taste difference- but it was interesting. )
2	The first time we went in was fantastic, I decided to get a gel manicure, my mom was with and got the same thing.  It was quick, they had a great color selection and very friendly.  When we returned 3 weeks later it was a total 180.  We walked in and everyone was busy, Andy told us it would be 10 minutes.  About 10 minutes later he sets up acetone for my mom to remove her gel manicure (still nothing for me who also needed to remove a gel manicure).  30 minutes later after being totally ignored and my mom's fingers getting ready to melt off we decided to leave.  She washed up and we walked out. About a minute later Andy chases us down and says he's ready.  He was still midway through a back-fill when we left so I doubt he was ready.It was very disappointing and we won't return.
5	Just amazing!  The best mani-pedi ever.  I'm really picky and Chrisi did such a nice paint job.  Practically fell asleep while she massaged my feet and legs.  Decor was clean and remodeled since I was here last.  Definitely my new go to spot.
2	Hit or miss here...was great in the beginning, but now I've been foiled twice and I will not be going back.  I love the atmosphere - nice decor, nice aquarium, but they have inexperienced people working there.  The first few times were ok, but now they are headed downhill.  My boyfriend's daughter had her nails done (full set) and they were lifting the very next day.  Not to mention the guy that did them was saying very inappropriate things to her.  Then we went back and they re-did it to make it right, but wow, what a time killer!  Because they made it right, we decided to try again just for pedicures, vowing to avoid the guy that hit on her if he was there.  The lady that did mine cut the toenails jagged with a cuticle clipper instead of nail clippers and didn't even file them.  They were left rough and VERY uneven.  I specifically asked to have the sides of my big toes clipped out (hangnails...ingrown...whatever you call them), and she barely touched it.  After she painted them and said she was done they looked AWFUL, luckily another guy came over and knew that it was done poorly.  He did his best to make it right, but again...what a timekiller.  The boyfriend's daughter asked for a design and the first try was nothing like what she asked for and looked gaudy, so they had to do it over - the end result was decent but nothing to write home about.  We were there for over 2 hours!  Then 2 days later both of our polish just came right off toe by toe.  What a waste!  Please get better, more experienced employees and quality products that won't wear off in a day!  Nice of you to try to make it right, but get it right the first time and stop wasting your time and your customers' time!
5	Excellent service! Worth the wait. They treat you like family and do a great job. If I lived in Arizona I would definitely be a regular.If you leave near by, check this place out!
