5	Asia is the shit! I've been to this club twice already, and I always have a great time here.  That's partly because I roll with my cat Jun who happens to know everyone and their mom there, so we get treated well.  But really, this club is great alternative to the loud, crowded, and expensive high-end clubs on the strip that are an arm and a leg to get into and don't have great music.  Asia on the other hand, is a lot smaller, but still has a big enough dance floor and lots of space to walk around and comfortable seats to sit and lounge in.  The DJ's here are the money makers though.  They always play the best hip hop songs and manage to sprinkle in some bay area music like Mac Dre and Keik.  The crowd is diverse and it fills up to the right amount where you still have room to dance and don't feel like you can only do the two-step because there's no room like in other clubs (ahem, LAX) that try too hard to be "the place to be."
2	This place does have a nice decor.  It's decent size with two levels.  However, the couple times I went, there weren't that many people.  Almost dead actually.  They play a lot of trance music which isn't my thing.  One of the bouncers inside made me pick up a cigarette which he thought I threw on the ground even though I don't smoke.  It's a good thing I didn't pay to get in there.  The drink prices are average, but I didn't pay for those either.  I may just have gone on the wrong days though because there didnt' seem to be much life in that place.
4	I've been here so many times because my boy DJ D Double dj'd there (and a couple times I got to play MC for him).Anyways, it's a nice spot because of the decor and the layout. I love that there's tons of places to chill out and relax. Not to mention the DJ's play the best hip hop...not your usual radio stuff.The only thing that got me to deduct a star is that I heard that they changed their music format. But I then heard that they changed it back. Since I haven't been back yet, I can't change my rating..sorry!
