4	This Sprint store is small. Usually when you walk into a Sprint store, an employee will be standing in the front to greet you, ask for your name and what kind of help you need. Then you will see your name appear on the waiting list, which is displayed on one of their flat screens above you. But nope, not at this location. If they are busy, you will be standing around for a while until someone comes around and writes your name on their clipboard. Nonetheless, my husband and I have received pretty good customer service here. About a week ago, I went in to buy the Samsung Epic because I was unhappy with the Intercept. No other customers were in the store, most likely because it was Labor Day weekend and everyone has better things to do than to buy a cell phone during a holiday, right? Esai (cool name) helped us out, he was friendly and knew what he was doing - set up everything and showed me the basic functions of my new phone! It wasn't one of those "I'm unfamiliar with setting this up so I'm going to need a co-worker's help and it will be a little while" kind of deal.A month before that, we came here to buy my husband's phone. When we walked in the lady in the front wasn't really doing anything but staring at her computer screen. She totally ignored us, didn't even say hello! A few minutes later, she greeted and helped another couple the minute they set foot in the store. Rude!! I guess she doesn't like us Asians? Just saying. Anyway, we FINALLY got help after waiting around for 30 minutes. I think his name was Tori, it said "floor manager" on his name tag. He was nice as well and set up the phone without any problems. There are many "authorized retailers" out there, which I don't really trust, so this is our nearest official Sprint store. Plus, they are located near my favorite Smashburger location, awesome!!
1	The service blows. Their policies on returns are crooked at best. And they are always trying to up-sell you something you don't need or will negate the manufacturers warranty as I recently found out when I paid top dollar (cash) for my HTC EVO. The salesman told me it was a good idea to buy the extended battery for this phone and turns out it was the problem that caused my phone to crash and have a complete software meltdown not once but twice since May 3, 2011. My cousin had the same problem and was getting no where with Sprint and contacted HTC and they stated that the extended battery wasn't standard for their phones and not covered by the warranty and should be removed. I informed Sprint and they claim HTC authorized them to sell this battery on their behalf and I said then why does it say Sprint and not HTC? No answer.  Then I also posed the question as to why my Sprint HotSpot gets interrupted when I was told by the salesman all calls and text would be blocked. The manager tells me it only works if the 4G NETWORK is engaged. I was told it works no matter what! Also another lie! I told her I can barely get 4G to work and she said it isn't available everywhere. I said you advertise it is. That is why I bought the stupid phone and service this way and your salesman assured me this was the best way to consolidate services. I hate being lied to! They wouldn't give me my money back but gave me a bill credit. Not acceptable considering all the trouble and time wastes going back and forth to the Sprint store to get a working phone and resolution. You wait for hours only to be dealt with like you are the stupid one and insulted over and over again. I told the manager I have a big mouth and I would Yelp, Tweet, Facebook, and just shout to the roof tops about what a joke Sprint is and then save enough money to switch to AT&T or somebody until they piss me off and I have to switch again or just go back to a good old fashioned land line!
4	I just needed a new cable for my phone, tired of forgetting my only one at the house when I am at work. Walked in, talked to a rep right away, he tried to sell me a cable I have had no luck with, then immediately offered another solution.Was  an easy transaction, no major high or low-lights from the sale.
3	Slooooooooow  service.There are not too many things I can't live without,.... air, water, food and now you can add a cell phone to the list, so when I was at the department of motor vehicles getting new tags for my truck, my phone died and I stood there lost without a lifeline, so as soon as I got my new tags I jumped on my truck and headed for the nearest sprint store. When I walked into the store I told them my situation, they took my name and was told that I would be called when a Sprint representative became available. I sat at the waiting area where a pregnant woman, a fat guy, and a pair of newlyweds were also waiting among other people. I smiled at them and waited civilly and patiently  for my name to be called........... and waited.....and waited...and waited  What the fcku is the hold up?? It took fckun forever for my turn, I'm talking like forever, I couldn't  even play Draw something on my phone because it was dead!, I mean it took so fckun long, that by the time they called my name the newlyweds were already divorced, the fat guy had lost about twenty pounds and the pregnant woman already had the baby.  I know it sounds like I'm exaggerating but I'm not, they should hire more people so we don't have to go phone less  for too long. Finally my phone was fixed and my life was back to normal, I was now once again online and part of the www world  and everything was fine once more..., until I got back to my truck and realized that while I waited ( foreverrrrrrr , if I may add) my tags had already expired.....  Ok besides the slow service the staff is knowledgeable and helpful I guess is not their fault They're under staffed so don't take it out on them, but if Sprint is going to make people wait this long they should at least have a bar,....the only time I care less about my phone is when there's a gin and tonic in my hand.
4	Just based on the customer service.I brought my charger on my trip with me, some kind of way the prong that plugs into the phone, got bent, and I had to rig the phone just to get a charge. Talk about janky! So I find the closest Sprint store, of course I read the reviews, about the long wait and poor service.Well I walk in and notice there are a few people in the store and I overhear the rep tell the gentleman in front of me it'll be a 10-15min wait. I get to the podium and tell him that I simply need a new charger cord. He questioned if my phone had an issue, I said no the phone works fine, I just can't get a proper charge because of the bent prong. He double checked with me again, making sure it wasn't a phone issue because I would have to speak with another rep, and there was a wait for that. No it's fine. He politely walked over to the accessory wall grabbed a charger took out the cord and handed it to me!! I was on my way back to the Strip!My sister who's with At&t said she's never seen such great service!!~~~~~~~~~~~Minus one star because the phone service sucks here in Vegas, even with 4g turned on!
5	I went in to get a replacement charger cord for an iPhone I didn't even buy there, as well as activate the dysfunctional thing, and dude at the front swaps the cord immediately, and gets the phone working in no time. And after I casually mention my Google contacts weren't fully syncing with the phone, he brings out some contraption and corrects that issue as well. Great customer service.
4	I was in Las Vegas on business and noticed my car charger wasn't working on my air card or my Evo phone. I found this location on yelp and made a call to verify this location was a corporate store since I thought it was under warranty but didn't have my receipt. The customer service person verified on the phone they were a corporate store and also gave me directions. When I checked in and waited a few minutes the customer representative looked up my corporate account and saw my purchase from last July. He then retrieved me a new charger at no cost and advised me the warranty on the replacement was good until July 2013.Overall what a great experience with solid customer service.
5	REGGIE (Love) ROCKS!  We spoke to someone at the desk (ok) after previously speaking to a guy at the store further out on 9xxxx W. Sahara (ok) then spoke to Reggie who was / is so clear and helpful, I was impressed with him 10 / 10, just a super guy who helped out 2 bereft travellers one of whom was a Sprint customer in a bind.
4	The other closer to my house stores is rage inducing, but here there's virtually no wait, there is enough staff to give a good turn around and they're friendly here.My visit took 10 minutes total. Day was super helpful and straightforward on how to fix my problem - a simple paper to fax over my company discount that she wondered why the other store didnt just hand me and was going to make me wait for hours for. Im so glad I didn't endure it only to be told I need to fax this simple paper. I would have gone into a rage. I am not that type of person at all but asshatery like that would burst my deep well of patience. Since this is a less busy store, I think that I recommend going out of your way to take the extra few minute drive than to save hours of wait at a high volume, understaffed store. Will be going here from now on with a problem that cannot be fixed by phone.
4	Well im gonna start this review with the customer service.  I went into this store after spending hours on thhe online site only for it to freeze once i got to the 'buy' screen so i went in and was assisted by Joshua Lafond, let me just tell you he is AMAZING !!  Ive been a dedicated Android lover and have been doing pre-paid for years.  Before i went in i decided on the iPhone 4s.  Within seconds of talking with Josh, he taught  me sooo much about the iPhone.  So i was ready to take the ultimate leap from Android to iPhone and pre-paid to contract.  He spend so much one on one time with me by the time i left there i had not 1 but 2 iPhone 5c's !!!!!!!!!!! a contract with an amazing unlimited plan and only had to pay 30 dollars out of my pocket !!!!!!!!!!!! he was sweet, smart and knew his business !!!! i wish every where i went had Josh like customer service...... If you see this Josh you rock !!!With that being said the reason i only gave 4 stars is because while i was standing at the counter waiting for Josh to pull the contacts from mmy old phone...... another small group of employees sat at the front talking 'poop' on a few of the customers they had that day...i work in customer service and understand the need to vent especially to co-worker....but NEVER in front of other customers.  Its rude and wrong.Other then that im super stoked that Sprint is the choice i made.....
5	Got a new Galaxy S4 two days before coming to Las Vegas and needed to transfer my pictures to my SD card from my old Galaxy 3 and had some questions. Found a Sprint sore here in In town Jasmine was very friendly and helpful. Jessica took over and she was also great helped me with all my concerns with my new phone. Thank you both much better service Orange County California were I live.
5	Let me just say that Sisi at this store was great thank you.  I was about to write off sprint for good but Sisi and Courtney at the customer service center turned me around.  Thank you guys!
5	I came in to upgrade my iPhone into a Galaxy and join the Framily Plan, and I have never had such good customer service! His name was Bryce and was very friendly and helpful. To connect 2 New phones it took about an hour but he made it fun and very easy to talk to. If I ever need to go into the Sprint store again I will be looking for him to help me out!
1	Can't say enough BAD things about Sprint.  Without insurance, warranty replacements are $75 and the representatives are combative and unprofessional.  We agreed to pay the $75 because our Samsung galaxy s4 has no signal and were told, after paying,  it would be up to 10 days before we could get the phone exchanged.   So now we are without a phone,  out $75, and paying for a service we're NOT receiving.....just great! Store hours for repairs are wonky also....open at 12pm and close at 5pm.  I so want to cancel and be rid of this headache.   I don't think they even care to lose our 3 phone lines....if it wasn't for the contract I would be running away from here.
5	Although I didn't buy anything from this store, I had to write a review to comment on the wonderful customer service I received here. I had lost my phone and the insurance company was giving me a really hard time about replacing it. Although Sprint couldn't help regarding a loaner phone or even purchasing a cheap phone, the representative was SO helpful in providing guidance, even to the point of calling around to cell phone stores to see what they had in stock. When I returned to have my new phone activated several days later, they remembered me and provided me with excellent service once again!
5	Went there yesterday to get a new phone.  Louis and Kris were amaaazing . My phone had been broken for a few weeks and i procrastinated getting a new one because i dont have any patience and i always feel like they try to sell me everything i don't need.  NOPE not this time  . I was in and out with a new phone in less than  20 minutes  . They knew their stuff and didnt seem unorganized at all.They were also really funny .
5	I agree qith not getting a straight answer...a "free tablet " NOT !!! I paid over $220......deactivated it another $250... a phone up grade $ 0 down...NOT..I paid $180.....and activation fee and I already had an activated phone....to add insult to injury I lost fotos and the NEW phone is referbished ....daanngg ...really sprint ????
5	Created a yelp account to write a review about this store, specifically a sales associate named Kristina, because I don't think I've ever walked out of a store after making a purchase happier than I did on this day.       I was disgruntled and frustrated with both at&t as well as my iPhone, so I went to Sprint to see what they could do for me. I was greeted immediately and waited about five minutes before being sent over to Kristina. She did everything she could to guarantee the lowest rate and the best deal, and she did it all in a very courteous and professional manner. I walked out of that store a very happy camper that day.     I highly recommend this store, especially if you'll be helped by the same people that I was. Thanks so much Kristina!
3	Finally!A Sprint store that is close to me, that has WORKING payment machines!I was pleased with my experience the other night. We walked in and were greeted, were shown to the machines, and were out.  The store was clean, bright, and organized, with a large sitting area for those waiting for actual assistance.  I will definitely be frequenting this store in the future for bill pay, and when its time to upgrade.
5	Thanks to Eddie, I'm a lifer customer! You explained all my options and gave me top notch service! Can't believe I got his great of service from a phone retailer! Happy holidays!
