5	The first thing I noticed when I walked into Nando's was the fresh aroma of ripe tomatoes and the sweet-sharp smell of cilantro. It really got the old appetite going!Nando's has great Mexican food, with a more modern vibe than most similar Valley restaurants. The building is in the upscale Val Vista Lakes area, and although it isn't anything fancy, the dining room is nice and clean, and features some lovely iron work (done by one of the owner's father, BTW). Nandos also has a large slate-tiled patio, with built-in misters and heaters (depending on the weather).They have huge portions, and there are lots of menu choices. Great chips and salsa -- a must for any great Mexican joint -- plus queso dip. I wish the salsa was hotter, but that's my own eccentricity I suppose.
5	This has to be my favorite place to eat! The pollo rico along with the rest of the food on the menu is excellent! The fresh salsa and chips is what keeps me coming back! The different flavored margaritas are great too! Try the chocolate nacho's.  I highly recommend Nando's!
3	I guess I'm not ordering the "right" things because this place, to me, is good but not great.I have been here probably 4 times, every time the service was very good.  No complaints on service.  The salsa is good, beans and rice are "ok" but not great.  I've had the fajitas twice, a burro enchilada style, and a taco plate.  Everything was just "ok".  Nothing stood out to me as "damn that's good".Yeah the building looks nice, interior is well done.  Bar is nice, margaritas are good (when are they not?).  Whatever, just another Mexican place in the Valley.
4	Yum!!! When our friends were trying to think of a Mexican place to take us for dinner they asked us questions like, "do you guys like spicy food?" and "do you guys like cheese?" The cheese won!!I had the spinach enchiladas and the bf had some sort of chicken thing, chicken rito maybe. All covered in cheese!! The rice and beans were excellent and the amount of food was insane! We all took home a box filled with enough food for 4 people. The margaritas were also very good. Oh, I cannot forget the chips. They were hot and fresh and severed with delicious salsa.
5	Alexis and I have eaten great Mexican food!   We remember when Mi Amigos was good.  Garcia's the restaurant that all others were compared against.  It has been a long time and we have eaten at a lot of places trying to find a replacement.  Nando's is not only the replacement but we have stopped looking for great Mexican food.   We have found it.  I could spend hours describing how good each one of the dishes we have tried is.  Instead we will state that there has no dishes that weren't just great!  Our favorite is the the Chile Con Queso Dip.Anyhow, good food, great people, great restaurant.
4	My parents originally brought me to Nando's and I started to like it more and more with each visit. I turned vegetarian about 14 months ago and was pleased that I could still eat here with my parents when I came to visit them. Chips are thinly crisp and the salsa tastes very fresh. They guacamole taco, as simple as it is, is very very tasty. Their black beans are also delicious. I've also had the vegetable tacos with grilled veggies, the potato jack taco, which is like mashed potatoes with spicy jack cheese, and the enchiladas. All great vegetarian options. Prices are good and servings are large. The coconut margarita is also worth mentioning.
3	Been here a handful of times and the place is packed even on weeknights. It's pretty standard Arizona style Mexican food, but with some healthier options mixed in. Vegetarians can take note that they don't use lard in their beans. On a couple of occasions the service was superb and I was happy about that. I've tried the tacos, burritos, and chicken salad. None of it stood out as amazing but it wasn't bad either, just pretty standard. One time I went on a limb and ordered the spinach enchilada which I highly recommend to anyone that likes gooey cheese and spinach. It was fantastic!The salsa they bring with your chips isn't spicy enough for my liking but it does the trick I suppose. Overall an okay place for the east valley.
5	I am absolutely amazed there aren't more reviews and praises for this gem of a place.I've lived in Phoenix *forever* (cue Sandlot kid imitation) but I had never heard of Nando's.  It took one generous roommate and three short phone calls to direct him and I to... (soft nostalgic music)... Nando's.  This place will never be featured in the food section, and never on anything artsy or "modern", but the taste and flavor of their normal, and fantastic fare will forever be etched in my mind.  But on to the specifics:My roommie's a vegetarian (sigh) and ordered their spinach enchiladas with this amazing creamy cheese sauce on top.  He, I kid you not, licked up every single last drop of the cream sauce.  I ate my pride (along with everything else) and tried his enchiladas.  They are freaking amazing, but not as much as my food.I ordered the mesquite grilled chicken tacos, on corn tortillas, and it came with a huge portion of grilled veggies, rice, guacamole and pico de gallo.  The pico de gallo was gone in a second... I treated it like a palate cleanser between the main meal and the chips we had (did I mention they have fantastic chips and salsa?).  The rice and guacamole were....well... hate to be a downer, but they were only so so.  The tacos and grilled veggies, however, were perfect.  Whoever was manning that grill knows his (or her) job very very well.As an aside, I also had an amazing breakfast the next day of tacos, rice and salsa.
3	I've been here a couple of times and some old friends love this place and have them cater their parties all the time. I've had tacos and enchiladas, but the Pollo Rico (crispy chicken burro with jalapeno cream cheese and cheddar cheese) is by far my favorite. The food here tastes lighter than most Mexican food places.
5	I have to admit, I am not a big fan of waiting in lines. I have to say that this was some of the best mexican food I have ever had. It was worth the wait. Their service was great. I have lived in AZ for 20 + years and have never heard of this place, wow. I will definately be going back.
4	I recently discovered Nando's in Gilbert on an unexpected drive by.  Needless to say...when they opened the one they built directly behind my house in Mesa, I was thrilled.  The food is unbelievable.  I have been dying for a good Mexican place that makes me happy...and I found it, finally!!! I am a chips and salsa-aholic, and this place doesn't disappoint.  Salsa could be spicier, but I have a small child and he loves it, and the flavor is so great, I could drink it.  Yum.  They do bring a small container of spicier salsa, and it is good enough for me.  They didn't get 5 stars from me simply based on the fact that the children's meals are completely over priced.  $4.95...not too bad, however that is without a drink or options.  $2.75 for a lemonade for a kid is ridiculous on top of the $5 for food.  Ugh!  Also, my son loves the grilled cheese (it is big) but he would much rather have the carrots and celery with ranch offered with the wings than the 5 pounds of french fries they put on his plate that go to waste.  (Hope the owners read these!).That being said...I have to say...one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten...and would recommend to everyone is....the PIZZA BLANCO!!!! OMG.  Enough said.  It is big enough for four people (wish they would offer a smaller serving!). Two can order...it does heat up great.    I did venture past it and get a chicken quesadilla this time...just as amazing.  It is a tortilla with cheese and chicken for goodness sake, how can it be so good??? What does this place put on it's chicken??? I actually think the chickens walk into the kitchen and just surrender because they know how damn good they are going to taste after they are grilled!!!! KUDOS to Nandos. :)   Even better, I can drink too much and walk home!  I recommend the Prickly Pear and the Huckleberry margaritas!
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!  Friends introduced us to this place - they're regulars and we may be too.  It's a hidden place, but once you find it you are welcomed into a gorgeous restaurant with plenty of space.  They have a good sized drink menu, and my first "Yippee!" happened when I saw they had choices for margaritas that didn't include syrup and sweetness that you can get with margarita mixes.  I could actually taste (and later feel!) the tequila.  My second "Yippee!" happened when I was informed that the Chile con Queso was (gasp) vegetarian!  It was absolutely delicious and hot and if I wasn't watching my athletic figure I would have chowed down on it and the thick chips that go with it.  My third "Yippee!" happened when I saw black beans on the menu.  Black beans that are lard free!  My black bean and cheese burrito was amazing - not too greasy, just the right amount of cheese.  They also had more vegetarian choices, and I'll have to try the Spinach Enchiladas one of these days.  Loved everything about this place - will definitely be back!  But not on Tuesdays, since I'm not interested in seeing kids eating free.
3	Processed food but great environment.  Main thing I have an issue with is the servings are too big which most people would probably think is a good thing but I don't know, I guess I don't understand why anyone would want to order two full meals essentially.  Margaritas are great here though.
3	I have to agree with Eric.  It was decent food, but not even close to the best mexican food I've ever had.  I would eat there again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do it.  It wouldn't be a destination for me anyway.My mom-in-law and sis-in-law love it, I didn't find anything to write home about.
4	Huge portions, great margaritas and quick friendly wait staff. Bring a doggy bag becuase you'll need it for you 3 lb. food delivery. Try the potato tacos... they're delicious!
5	We love Nandos. It is the best food EVER!! It is just a little local joint in Gilbert if you blink you would probably pass it, but we just went to there new location on Power/Mcdowell and it was impossible to miss. Our family are huge fans of their original store, but their second store was even better than the first. The Spinach Con Queso is amazing! The fajitas are big enough for a family of 4 to share NOT KIDDING! The kids meals are enormous and the best part we have found that we can go any day of the week if we bring an A paper or A report card our kids get a free meal. Our family loves this restaurant we go at least 4 times a week. The best part is the staff is the same everytime. They get to know our kids and are just so kind! Thanks to Nandos for opening this awesome establishment in our neighborhood! oh yeah great margaritas too
2	nice place, spacious, good decor. Attentive, considerate waitperson. Attractive menu - lots of choices. Complimentary chips (really good) with salsa - all of which are hot - good but spicy. Just FYI. The prices were ok, a bit high - lunch for 2 with one beer, one appetizer, tax & tip = the high side of the $40 range. There was a lot of food, enough for 3-4 more average size meals. We had the shrimp chimi app - ok although I wondered afterwards why - I should have known it would be tiny (probably canned) shrimp. Nice to find on a menu though. MH had the carne asada chimi - flavorful and large. It was ok. As for me, I really didn't like my meal size (ok, who am I kidding - it was HUGE) chicken chimichanga. I'm not an expert of Mexican food by any means but I've had this dish before. There's got to be more to it than putting bite size (not really shredded) white chicken inside - really, that's all there was, no cheese, sour cream, salsa mixed with it - it was incredibly dry. If these are your favorite, ask about this first, imo. Maybe it was just the way I got it, but I wasn't impressed. It left me with a lot of retro-prep work on the leftovers. I might go back, but I doubt it ...
4	Went for lunch after reading the reviews on here.  I wasn't as amazed as most people I guess but the food was pretty good.  I started out with a Montana Margarita which was a margarita with huckleberries in it and huckleberry flavoring.  It was very good and very strong which I was happy about.  The chips and salsa came and the hot salsa was pretty good.  I ordered the crab and shrimp enchiladas and people weren't kidding about the portion size.  I barely got 2/3's of it down before I felt my stomach stretching in pain.  I was very happy that the rice and beans were actually edible not just there for taking up space.  Most places I have been to lately the rice and beans were just not edible.  The location was very nice and clean inside and had a tv with football on in the bar area.  The outdoor seating area looked very nice and the menu was full of stuff I wanted to come back for.  Especially the banana nut flan.
4	My husband and I went twice last week, and intend to return once a week until we move out of Gilbert. Hidden behind the Arby's across the street from Dana Park, we missed it the first time, but it's when we leave this area that we'll truly miss Nando's.The menu is great, with plenty of classics and unique dishes. We were so pleased by the relatively large number of vegetarian items and learned from our very nice and helpful server Lisa that virtually any dish can be made vegetarian. Like Pollo Fundido (they call it Pollo Rico) but don't want the chicken? They'll fill the burrito with fajita veggies and potatoes instead. My husband had the Enchiladas Ongos (mushrooms with a chipotle cream sauce) and it was to die for. My Pollo Rico was huge, fresh, and outstanding. I've had better beans and rice, but they were fine. The second time we went, Bob had a veggie chimichanga and I had the Barrio Tacos. He really enjoyed his ginormous chimi, and my tacos were pretty good, but I have had more flavorful and tender carne asada elsewhere. On our first visit we had the cheese crisp, which came with a deep fried tortilla bottom and tons of good quality cheese on top. Delicious, but a little heavy. We decided that the second time we would save room for the chocolate nachos, and they turned out to be just ok- the concept was far better than the final execution. The chocolate tortilla chips were thick and the flavor was not what I had expected. The service was absolutely fantastic both times, and the atmosphere is very open and friendly. I love the wrought iron decor. The prices are reasonable for the portions, and they have the lime mints I love as you go out the door. Our first server told us that she has been with this restaurant since they opened- 6 or 7 years now. That says a lot about the people who run the place- they inspire loyalty in both their customers and their staff.
1	The line took forever which i don't mind figuring my first time there it would be great food.....low and behold the salsa taste like heinz ketchup...my sonoran chicken sandwich was dry and it took forever. The only positive thing I will say about this place is that they did have good service...very friendly....My first toime there will be my last!!!
2	Update 6/30/2011 - Ate there again with my daughter and mom. Unfortunately it was still so so, just not a lot of flavor, atmosphere was still okay and I like the selection of plants in the landscaping around the building. Seems like a nice dress up and go out with special out of town guests place - but the food continues to underwhelm. ------ Nando's. I've eaten here three times now and I guess I'm ready to review. Atmosphere - gets my top rating. This busy and popular restaurant is fun. The lighting is subdued. The Spanish decor and architecture is attractive. The seating options are plentiful. The service is very good. The tables are kept full with water glasses, pitchers of ice water, and a generous basket of chips and two kinds of salsa. Food - mediocre. I hate to say it. I want the food to match the atmosphere but after three times it does not. My daughter likes the grilled cheese on the kid's menu but I've tried three different things - a chimichanga, a chicken enchilada and some kind of taco salad. All three were only okay. Last night I had the enchilada and despite the lake of melted cheese and red sauce, I found it rather bland and tasteless. The enchilada I had last month was similarly lacking in zest. The salsa that comes with the chips is only okay. I did enjoy my Margarita. The atmosphere is so appealing I may brave the mediocre food for yet another return visit but I will keep looking for a truly memorable Mexican food experience in the Mesa/Gilbert area.
2	The food is average on a good day, I would of given a 3 star but EVERY time we go, all the dishes are filthy.  Dried food on the silverware, glasses & plates, last time the water tasted heavy of soap (at least they are using soap I guess).  I finally gave up & tried their new location in Mesa, same problem but not to the same extent.  Must be something in the management; they can't train or hire decent dish washers.
5	I finally found a second fav Mex place to dine. My first is Rito's in Phoenix . I grew up in el paso, tx & know good well executed Mex food & Nando's  Cuts the mustard. There are few good Mex places to eat here in Phoenix. I'm so thrilled to have found Nando's. I had the #9 plate. I pray they expand into Phoenix and the west valley
3	I had my first Nando's experience last night. The place is good. I would say this place falls above chain Mexican places,  but falls short of smaller independent places.When we arrived we were told it would be a 30 minute wait for a table, but we were seated within 15 minutes.The salsa served with the chips was ok, pretty bland if you ask me. The menu is pretty big and has many, many options to go with from the specialty plates to the combo platters.The portions are very big. Half the party I went with took home over half their meal.The food was above average. I had a healthy portion of beans, rice and the enchiladas were big. I do wish there was more red sauce. Most of the enchiladas were covered with cheese. I wasn't a fan of the onion inside my beef enchilada. I wish I knew about this before. Not a fan of chunk onions in my food.My biggest complaint was the rice. The rice just didn't measure up to other mexican/spanish rice. Rice is one of my favorite things when eating Mexican. The service was very good. Our order was out quickly, sodas refreshed and bill all served quickly. You get good value for the good served here. Most plates were around $11-13I can see myself going here in the future.3.5 stars
3	The food is pretty tasty, but expensive compared with similar food in Mesa area.  The margaritas are way too expensive.  They have a happy hour BUT only in the bar.  I just don't understand why restaurants don't extend happy hours to ANY of their eating establishment locations.  They ARE trying to attract business aren't they?  I've NEVER seen a 'special' price on anything at Nandos. Even though food is good, I'll probably go elsewhere due to excessive cost.
3	Nandos, Macayos, Mi Amigos, Arriba, Carlos O'Briens, Julios, Mata's etc...It's all just a sea of cheese and mediocrity if you ask me.  A sea of cheese and mediocrity.
3	Now if you like cheese this is the place for you. I almost always order something different and so far my favourite is the Seafood Relleno. A bit odd with the seafood, but it works. Swimming in cheese, luckily its easy enough to push the unwanted cheese to the side. After doing so, I finally get to the pepper itself and all the goodness that it is stuffed with.The salsa is always good and comes with some hotter salsa that you can either mix with the regular or eat with the warm tortilla chips.
5	The best chile con queso outside of Texas! I always get the Border Chimichanga with black beans. The staff is pretty knowledgeable about what is and isn't vegetarian, some more than others. For my boyfriend's birthday, we went with a large group (meat eaters, vegetarians, and vegans), and the manager was able to tell us what was and wasn't cooked in lard, what was and wasn't vegan, and basically, how everything was made (aside from the chips, which are sent to them bagged). Some of the best Mexican food I had was while I was in Austin, TX, and when my friends from ATX came here, I took them to Nando's and they LOVED it. They said it was some of the best queso they'd ever eaten, and I think that is a great feat. My boyfriend and I go here often. Even though it is out of our normal few miles of regular dining, we make an exception for their huge portions and delicious food! it's a little pricy, but totally worth it!
4	I've been to Macayo's....meh.  I like Ajo Al's better but service was a little spotty the last time I was there.  I have been looking for a go to Mexican place since I moved here over a year ago.  I found it!!! I love the atmosphere here.  It feels cozy and warm.  The service is the same way....warm and friendly.  Everyone was welcoming and accomadating.  The chips were fresh and warm.  The salsa was nothing spectacular but it had a nice flavor.  My daughter was not feeling like mexican food so she had chicken fingers and fries and gave them a big thumbs up.  I had chicken fajitas.  They were tender and flavorful.  It was a good ratio of chicken and veggies too.  The fajitas were sizzling when served along with a second plate full of rice, beans and sides of sour cream, guac, and pico de gallo.  It was all great!  The beans had a nice layer of cheese on them and the rice was fluffy, although a tad bland.  Honestly I have not had fajitas like this in years!  They were awesome. My only complaint would be the tortillas.  They came wrapped in foil and they were a bit crispy on the edges....flour tortillas should be soft all around.  At $14 you get more than your moneys worth in my opinion.  I took over half my meal home because the portions are so generous.  For you margarita lovers, they have a great selection of tequila and you can make your one with your favorite tequila.  The house margarita I had was a perfect compliment to the fajitas.  Oh, and the fried ice cream.....omg!!  It was delish!!!  My daughter didn't want to share any but I got my spoon in there a few times.  Now I find myself craving Nando's.  I will be back very soon!!!  Thank you Nando's!
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about.  I would place it a notch below Serranos.  I ordered the chicken taco combo and honestly was a little overwhelmed with all the cheese.  It was good, but nothing to go out of my way for again.
5	Best Mexican food around! Awesome service, every time we go we have an amazing experience. Best con queso dip, hands down, served with baked chips that are amazing. Kids love it as much as we do. Hardest part is trying a new item when we're so addicted to the first ones we tried.
5	Love this place! Always order something different for food and everything I've had has been delish! But the real reason i go here: Cabo Wabo Margarita! yummy!
3	Like others have mentioned, this place is tucked away in a strip mall on the SW corner of Val Vista and Baseline behind Arby's and soon to be behind a brand new IHOP.  I've driven past this place 100's of times and never even noticed it!  Stopped in on a late Sunday afternoon and there was steady traffic in and out and for carry-out as well; always a good sign to me.  We were seated in a comfortable booth right away and it wasn't long before they brought us out chips and salsas.  The chips were warm and the salsas were mild!  Even the little cup of "hot" salsa had barely any heat at all.  Even the wimpiest of spice haters wouldn't even know it was "hot".  I mentioned this to our waiter who was quick to offer the "REALLY HOT Habanero salsa".  It was hot, as hot as I expected the other stuff to be, and certainly not as hot as other habanero sauces I've had.  It did have a nice taste and I'd for sure ask for it next time.I had the seafood rellenos and they were okay.  Covered in sauce and cheese, and more sauce and cheese I had to dig through to find the actual relleno.  Seafood here really means shrimp, and there were a good amount of small shrimp under the cheese and sauce.  The actual pepper had a nice taste, and the pico de gallo served on the plate was cool and spicy.  Serve the relleno/shrimp with 1/2 the sauce and cheese and twice the amount of pico de gallo and I would have been much happier.  The beans and rice were good and served to sop up most of the sauce when I ate it the next day for lunch.  Portions are huge!  The margarita was tasty and guacamole was okay.I'd probably stop in again for a margarita and try something different from the menu.  Had a comforable atmosphere and a nice sectioned off outside eating area as well.  Overall, everything was just okay, nothing special, not bad, just not particularly memorable.
3	An improvement over my last mexican meal here in Arizona, but just pretty average.  The chicken burrito was ALL chicken inside, not spiced or seasoned, just cooked chicken.  A bit dry as well.  The green chile sauce over the top was outstanding and the moist tortilla made up for the insides sort of sucking wind.  Tacos were a weird deep fried flour tortilla.  Not so good.  The tostada shell was soggy.Good service and nice decor, but just OK food.
4	If you are a huge glutton for cheese, Nando's is your paradise.  If you're looking for anything low-cal, don't waste your time.  Fortunately for me, I am fiend for all things frommage, and as Nando's is a stone's throw from my home, I frequent it fairly often.Though it's well-hidden behind an Arby's and some other strip-mall junk, Nando's has a cute patio and a nice atmosphere inside.  If the service isn't exactly inspired, it's always very fast.  Portions are gigantic at Nando's, not that I ever leave with leftovers, or anything.  They have quite a few nice combo options, and I can speak to the deliciousness of the Pollo Rico, as well as any of their enchiladas.  Again, be mindful that no matter what you order, you'll be consuming several cups of cheese, at a minimum.  That disclaimer aside, I think Nando's is yummy, and the prices are pretty solid, as well.
4	ok ok after wanting mexican and reading the reviews I had to try this place..I was not disappointed..  the cheese dip amAZing and had quite a kick..portions are big..margarita's right where they needed to be..I'll be back
4	I ate at this place a few times a few years ago, and this dish was/is memorable:Chuletas Con Chile Rojo ~ Just like Nana used to make...two pork chops grilled then simmered in a spicy red chile sauce. Served with rice, whole beans, warm flour tortillas, and green chile salsa on the side. $12.50I had that every time, and it ROX.  Always enough to take home some after getting full.  Worth the trip.Salsa and chips were good too.
4	I've been here before and just had an appetizer (which was great), so it was nice to come back and check out their actual meals. First off- if you're limited on time, you probably should plan accordingly. I've been there on a Thursday and Friday night, and it doesn't matter. It's just busy all the time. Because it's so busy, it's loud. Can't really hear yourselves talking, so not recommended for intimate conversation. But the FOOD- excellent. Had spinach enchiladas and it was top notch. It also helps that I'm a cheese-a-holic. If you like cheese you will not be disappointed. I have also never been much of a fan of Mexican rice, and I loved their rice. You get a ton of food for the prices, very worth it. Our server took great care of us when we told her we were in a bit of a rush. I will definitely eat here again, I think Nando's just replaced Serranos as our Mexican food place when all the back east friends and family come to visit.  Though I'm thinking take out, to avoid the crowd.
3	Large portions, I can definitely say that! Ordered two tacos, rice and beans. Huge mound of food that a fattie would pine over. Food was ok. Taco shells got soggy and were falling apart which bothered me. Shredded beef was a bit salty and chicken was a bit bland. Chips and salsa were very good though. If I went back, would try something other than the tacos. Waitress was good and got us in and out within our 1 hour lunch break. Place is not anything special but not bad, was simply ok. I think this is what you would call Mormon Mexican food. Not saying I hate MM food (Costa Vida is great) but this place tries to come off as authentic and nothing about the flavors were big like they should be in true Mexican food...
4	We've been here over a couple dozen times and love it - primarily for the great happy hour deals.  The margaritas are super tasty and strong. The Mexican pizza is huge as are the nachos. Both are way too big for one person.  Try the sliders - again a generous portion.  You won't be disappointed.  When not eating off the happy hour menu, we usually eat the chorizo or machaca huevos. Muy bien!
3	I was meeting my wife for lunch at Wildflower Bread Co at Valvista & Baseline. There was no parking & looked like a long wait. I saw Nandos on the way in so I suggested that we try it out. We were seated immediately & were served chips & salsa. Drinks were ordered & quickly served. The waitress was pleasant. I ordered the lunch fajitas and wife ordered the beef chimichanga. Lunch arrived in 15 min & fajitas were sizzling. It was a ton of food! The platter was so hot the meat was already burning so I quickly pulled the meat off the platter & put it on the vegetables. The meat was very dry and tough. It had absolutely no flavor. Wife said that her chimi tasted like it was covered with sausage gravy. She said that the taste was so-so. The chips were great and salsa was good. The guacamole was good. Good fajitas are very important to me so I won't be going back there again.
5	The pollo rico is our favorite, what makes this dish so good is the jalepeno cream cheese... get extra on the side!
5	I always ask my Mexican friends for reccommendations on which Mexican restaurants to eat at. One of them told me this place is the best in the valley so I just had to try it. I've been back a dozen times, at least in the last 2 years. The food is always excellent, the service has always been exceptional and the price is right. I love the HUGE amount of chips they bring to snack on while waiting...it makes it so I don't ever have to order an appetizer.
3	Considering that the restaurant is kind of hidden I was shocked when I came here on a Wednesday night and saw that the place was so packed!Everyone I was with LOVED the food. To me it was good, but I agree with some of the comments I read below, there is so much cheese in everything and it feels so unhealthy when eating it. The portions are so huge!! One dish can feed at least 3 people, it's ridiculous!Nice staff, pretty decor, and the drinks are strong --- I would come here again, probably just for drinks though :)
3	Good place for Margaritas, chips & salsa but food isn't authentic. Portions are large and priced well. They have a full bar with TVs and also outdoor seating with TVs. In the winter they have outdoor heat lamps and in the summer they have misters. Good place for large family and groups.
5	Love this place! Always great food every time and great service too! Highly recommended! High quality Mexican food.
4	Nothing unique about the place other then you get alot of food for the price.  Dishes are pretty messy and covered in cheese but tasty.  Not the healthiest place to eat and nothing creative about the foood but if your on a tight budget and want to pig out, I'd choose this place.  Good place for friends to hang out, I'd like to try the margaritas.
4	Saturday, 6/18/2011 around 8pmAtmosphere: Dark, intimate seating in a large space. You are in your own world at your table with other tables you can see, but cannot hear well. Good for groups and couples alike. Service: Friendly, attentive, and well-informed waitstaff. They know what is and what is not vegetarian and they have great recommendations for drinks, food, etc.The drinks: I ordered the coconut margarita, which was flavorful and not-too-sweet. Nice, smooth house tequila; not the best booze, but certainly not the worst. Each table also has a pitcher of ice water, so you can pour your own water. Great for when you bite into something spicy and you then drain your glass of water and your date's glass of water. The food: Chips and salsa while you peruse the menu with an extra thing of hot salsa, so you can customize your spiciness. We ordered the chile con queso dip, el numero nueve (cheese enchilada, shredded beef taco, chile relleno, and rice), and an a la carte bean tostadas.The queso is definitely not a Tex-Mex queso. A fellow Yelper compared it to the quesos of Austin, TX. Not even the slightest bit true. Nando's queso is a good queso, but it is watery when it first comes out. The chips served with the queso are puffy and great. Don't get me wrong, I will return to Nando's for the queso.The bean tostadas was huge, great, and cheap. Lots of guacamole on it. Yum.The nueve combo was HUGE, covered in cheese, and very, very hot. The shredded beef taco was a great suggestion from our server! My date ended up taking 2/3 of his meal home because he couldn't finish it. Overall, this is a solid Tex-Mex restaurant. Large (HUGE) portions, good drinks, queso (!!!!), and a great a la carte menu where you can order a ton of food for about $5 each. Oh, and lots of vegetarian options with good (meaty and cheesy) food for meat-loving dates.
3	My favorite part is multiple vegetarian options, this trip I enjoyed spinach enchiladas, not the best I've ever had but very good.  Service was pretty good, I didn't love that we were seated in the bar all by ourselves during a very slow lunch time.I don't care for the salsa, it's sort of neat that you can add the hot sauce to blend your own heat, since I love heat but I also have a 2 year old who loves salsa.  It was nice to mix him a bowl of a more low key temp and a hot one for use.  Outside of that though the flavor is really lacking, you'll find superior salsa just about anywhere in the valley.  My mom and husband shared the mini combo app so they could get a feel for everything on the menu, they enjoyed it.  Again they said they'd had better but this was good.  I think we'll return, I love a place that has vegetarian options, and black beans I can eat because they're not cooked in animal fat.  But I'm still on the hunt for better.
3	Decent mexican, wonderful margaritas.
2	I've really done my best to give this place a try, but it just hasn't been good for me ...I've been three times now, on a Tuesday night during the peek of rush, a slightly slower Thursday night and a Saturday lunch.All three times I've had service that was adequate but not amazing. I have much better luck in the dining room than the time I sat at the bar. There were two bartenders on but they seemed to barely be interested in the customers at the bar.The food has always been, in a word, salty. There's some decent flavor in a few items, but everything from the beans to sauce was always punctuated by a strong salt taste. The worst of it was the Sonoran Enchiladas, which were highly recommended but almost inedible.The menu is packed with items, and given a thousand recommendations by a thousand monkeys, i'm sure there is a great dish to be had there, but I just haven't found it in my try's and would rather take myself further down the road than this convent spot around the corner.I do have to give credit where credit is due - It's an amazing building. The bathroom's are well kept, the patio looks great, and the ambiance is great.
5	My fiance and I love this place and frequent it often. We love their chips and salsa and to be honest, we share the same meal every time (Pollo Rico) because we're too chicken to branch out! I wish I knew how they cooked their chicken because I am so picky about ligaments and chewy stuff and they have never had any! The Perfect Storm margarita is our favorite and consistant every time that we go in. The only fault I would find is that if you're not a huge cheddar cheese fan, they cover most meals with a ton of it. I work around it to get to the good stuff!
2	I was hoping for a local joint to add to my list but no such luck.  I was out with a couple of friends, one (from a large Mexican family) recommended the place since we were in the area.  Going with that and the fact that it seemed pretty busy I said what the heck.  We could've done better...Once our waitress finally arrived she was friendly enough, but seemed a little overwhelmed.  The chips & salsa that followed were completely underwhelmed.  Bland factory chips and the um, salsa you say?   Really?  We added 2 of the little cups of "spicy" sauce to it just to give it some taste.  Didn't give me the warm/fuzzies.With plenty of interesting menu options, I went with the tacos pescado.  One word:  dull.  Almost overloaded with dry, bland chunks of mahi-mahi, and a huge pile of rice and beans each with little flavor.  I didn't taste chipotle in the chipotle cream sauce.  I splashed them with the "spicier" sauce, black pepper and still nothing.  My other 1st timer friend later told me he felt the same about his entree, like he'd just eaten a big pile of beans with a chimi on the side.I can see why the place is busy, plenty of grub for the American belly for the price.  I'm sure relatives from Minnesota would say oh its gosh darn good yabetchya!  But it's the kinda Mexican food I don't want, it goes ka-thunk on the plate, throw on the cheddar & ta-da.  No thanks, I need to taste something!   A little spice?  A little fire?  Nothing?  No?  Oh....I decided to introduce my Mexican friend to flavors and took him to Los Sombreros.   Mmmmm...mmmm!
1	I just will NOT eat here anymore. Tonight was the breaking point for my family at Nando's. We live close by and have come here often over the last couple years but continually have come away not feeling well after eating. The chips/salsa is good but the food is so damn SALTY and GREASY!!!. My wife ordered a plate of grilled vegies to try and eat healthy...they came out looking brown and slippery cause of all the soy sauce and butter. She even requested to have them cooked with low salt and low butter...didn't help. They smoother many of the dishes in so much cream cheese and cheddar that you know your belt will fit tighter the next day. We ordered the chicken taco pizzza from here a while back and both of us threw up VIOLENTLY that night. My wife was so sick she had to go to urgent care and get hooked up on an IV. This is a true story. Even a simple muchaca burro, not deep fried, isn't clean or healthy. It is so SALTY you can't get the sodium taste out of your mouth for hours later. GUESS WHAT...Nando...yes the man who created the restaurant...he recently had a QUADRUPLE BYPASS HEART SURGERY...because he "liked his food salted heavy" and probably greasy too.. This was explained to me by the people who work at Nando's. This is true facts. The food does taste good here for the first bite or two, but then it just makes you feel bad when you leave. Sorry Nando's, I have thrown you away. My body rejects you.
5	Stopped in on a Saturday night and as expected there was a 45 minute wait so we just decided to sit at the bar and have dinner.As always the service was terrific at the bar with two or three bartenders taking care of us.I had the chicken Fajitas and as always was very satisfied. Portions are always generous and I get to take some home for a Sunday afternoon lunch!We love the atmosphere and the food.
5	Best Mexican food I have had in along time. Yes they may not be perfect to some people out there but compared to other Mexican places this is one of the top 3 in my book.. Give it a try and I think you will really like it. Try there Mexican Pizza appetizer it's huge and you could make a meal for 3 out of it..
4	Good for your soul (if not your waistline) food!  Delicious, fresh food, service with a hustle (we sat at the bar during lunchtime), enormous portions and pretty much everything is smothered in cheese!  Whatever you get, make sure you try the succulent (yes, succulent) beef machaca as one of your fillings.  Unbelievable.  Spinach enchilada is super rich and tasty and the sonoran enchilada was so flavorful!  My best tip is to wear pants with an elastic waistband or just go all out and wear a muu-muu or caftan!
1	Sorry family but.....Nando's is Nada!   An extreme exercise of the gluttonous Gilbert Arizona restaurant fest.  Same typical timeline: after fighting for a spot in an overfilled parking lot, push through the huge crowd standing (hardly enough seats) in the hot lobby to hear that it will take 30-40 minutes to be seated (after it takes them 5 minutes to figure that out), then try to stay awake while sitting among people staring at the wall and kids running around.  Finally get seated and given cavernous Diet Cokes (standard) and chips (which you eat the whole bottomless basket of since you are waiting so long).   The waitress looks busy as hell and takes another 30 minutes to take our order, meanwhile I drink 4 diet cokes.  Already having comsumed enough calories for 2 people, the main meal arrives:  my "fish tacos" are 6 mini strips of tough fish laid in less-than-fresh tortillas, with 80% of the rest of the plates filled with cheese, beans, and rice.  I have had better Mexican at hole-in-the wall joints at 3am.   This time we ordered the fried ice cream for dessert, one order of which was big enough to feed the entire table.   As the night went on I glanced around and noticed that the average BMI in the place was around 32.   I would be the same if I did this place even once a week.....
4	As a companion said, we should have ordered to go boxes to come with our meals. Scoop half the plate into the box immediately, and then you have a reasonable meal!Chips were blah, but food was great. I had the El Jefe Chimi. Loved the seasoned chicken with onion, but not dripping in cheese. Rice was a nice companion. Service was prompt, and they were great with the kids. Love that they keep a pitcher of water right on the table.
4	Love this place.Love the food.Love the hotties that work there.
3	Went here on the way out to the airport after our family holiday visit.  The place accommodated our large party with kids and the server was great to split the checks.The food wasn't anything fantastic unfortunately.  I had a chimichanga and it was "okay" -- I probably wouldn't come back on my own, but was good for this group with some picky eaters who want things that are predictable.I prefer my mexican to be more authentic.  The service was great though.
4	This place isn't bad. Despite being a busy Saturday night, the service was pretty darned good. We had our drinks refilled regularly and our food came out promptly (and was hot). The food overall was really good. The beans were creamy, as was the guacamole. I love their guac. Their fried ice cream wasn't too bad. The selection of food to pick from is wide which is also nice. My only complaint is that the food is a bit greasy. Even the chips that they give you have a thin layer of grease over them, which you notice more and more as they cool off. I definitely would come back here again.
5	Awesome Place! Try the mexican pizza... you will not be dissapointed. Also the fajita pasta.
5	I was in heaven here and had a great time with my friends for lunch.  The prices weren't bad and the food was so good I didn't want to stop eating, of course I had to or I was going to explode.    I have to go back and try some other menu items.  Great for a large group on a Saturday afternoon!
3	Friends have been telling me about Nando's for a while and my mom is in town so we decided to head on over their Friday night for dinner there was about a 40 min wait, but we were set on staying and trying it out!We got called to our table, and it was a table within the bar area, my mom did not like that, I asked her if she wanted me to ask them for a different table but she said no. And I thought to myself, then why did you even tell me LOL but the table was kind small and it was my mom, my oldest daughter and I, not really room for our drinks , chips,  and plates and maybe that was what she was talking about.I got kinda excited when I saw that they had hot and mild sauce, I was thinking oh this might be it, I just might have found something to bring tears to my eyes I was ready for the heat!!!! But sadly it was not, though it was spicy to my mom, I found the hot to be a good flavor just lacking the heat I am seeking. The mild was a great flavored sauce too!We placed our order and man the kitchen was moving fast, I swear we got our food in like 10 mins, I even think we waited longer for the table then it took to get to a seat, order and eat, crazy.I ordered the Pollo Rico, crisp chicken burro topped with jalapeno cream cheese & cheddar cheese. When the plate arrived, I noticed that my burrito was cut in half, I don't really like that, let me explain, in my twisted mind I think why is my burro cut in half? Are these 2 halves of someone's left overs?  It's the main reason why I won't ever order a burrito from Garica's. I want my burrito whole (pout pout) and I looked around and saw other people's plates and their burros were not cut, what gives, but I got over my own issue. The burrito was lacking the jalapeno cream cheese, I didn't see it on the top, I found some on the bottom of on half, and what I had tasted good, the burrito itself was topped cheese, too much cheese for my liking also it wasn't crispy, it was soft, but the flavor of the dish was delish! The portions are huge, the beans and rice looked and tasted great! I think next time I will just order tacos, and hope they are not cut in half haha
5	The food is good, the service is good.
2	I was not impressed with this place.  The salsa was horrible.  Bland.  Tasteless.  Watery.  Like tomato sauce...or juice.  Food was nothing special either.  Even the margaritas left a lot to be desired.  Service was a little on the slow side and their patio is depressing.  I'm not sure why so many people like this place.  There are way better Mexican restaurants out there.  We won't be back.
3	Ok...It's not Los Dos...(you know what I am talking about).  It's not El Charro or Blue Adobe.  It's the best thing we got in NE Mesa.  Never fail....get the cheese crisp. They know how to do a cheese crisp.  Yes, the salsa is ok, but drink more cerveza's.  My brother is a chef....for some reason he like the green chili burro's...he's been gone for over 5+......so that might have skewed his judgement.  The place is inviting, definitely a neighborhood place.  Make sure to tell them go light on the sweet n sour mix...other than that, the marg's are good.  The portions are huge.  You will not leave hungry here.  Salute!
4	Nandos! A name worth shouting... And Shout I will!I remember finding this place by coincidence about 3 years ago and after having an amazing lunch I forgot where it was! So, I was getting my car cleaned oat the car wash on Val Vista and Baseline and as I drove around the back I saw the sign... NANDO'S...  and it all came back... I Found IT!!!!Honestly, I couldn't wait to tell the wife so I picked up the phone and said "Honey, get in the car and meet me for lunch" and she did just that.We split the Fajitas. They are amazing. The meat *chicken and beef) were so tender (I hate tough) and the flavors and freshness of the food filled this ol' mans belly to the brim. I was in fatso heaven!Heres the bottom line, I have tried numbers items now after my rediscovery and can tell you that the food is great and the portions are gargantuan. If you fill up pretty fast, split a plate. If you eat a big meal, order separately.The only thing I was not a fan of was the Guacamole and the Chili Relleno. The Guacamole, well... Its the old whipped Guac' recipe But.... it's edible. The Relleno is too full of cheese. Would you like some Chili Relleno with your mound of hot gooey cheese? No Thank You...Other than those two items, I think you will be really happy with the rest of the menu. Chicken appears to be all white meat too. I'm always a fan of white chicken meat.Bon' Appetite! Did I just use French in a Mexican restaurant review? Ay Carumba!~Stew~
5	I went with a group and I shared a green chile burro and a beef tamale. Both were out of this world! The service was great!
1	Eeeewwww!!! Not only did they mess up my pick up order, the food was gross. Got the salsa but NO CHIPS! The 3 hostesses rudely pointed me to the BAR to pick up my food, only to be waiting forever to be called in... What a joke. Got home and what I ordered was not IN MY BAG, starving I tried to eat it anyway....yuck. Blobs of cheese, tacos burned to a crisp (that's a first) enchiladas were runny ( not with cheese) disgusting!!! I ate here before , never a problem. I don't know if they had an off day or what. But $30 worth of take out food should be at least satisfactory...... This was NOT.
4	Good Mexican food.  This is our favorite sit down Meixcan in the East Valley.  Our usual order is the Pizza Blanco.  Giant fried flour tortilla topped with cream cheese, chicken, tomatoes, cheese, and peppers.  We split this and usually take half home.I'm also a fan of the a la carte burritos.  Thumbs up for being kid friendly as well.
3	Went here this evening for dinner. My wife and I were seated quickly, our server greeted us quick. First off our chip basket was overly greasy. We asked for a different bowl, the second was fine. Are server was very nice. I ordered the shrimp fajitas, we got our food in record time. I was ok with 2 torilla shells, 3 would be better. The green peppers were under cooked, I didn't mind, because I don't eat them. The shrimp were on the small side. Over all for 35 dollars, that was 2 dinners, and 2 soft drinks. I would expect a little more. We may go back, naw I think not.
1	Hair in the salsa. What felt like a piece of sand in the deep fried cheese crisp. Refusal to let me order off the kids menu despite my recent surgery and documentation to support it -- you know because if an adult orders a kids sized portion (ie a normal portion) it will magically cost the restaurant more money. What the...?Seriously not worth it and I won't go back.
4	I have been here a few times for lunch and love sharing the Ensalada Asada with a friend (it is huge). First time here with family I'm reminded that the chips and salsa are so so. Lacks the flavor you typically find in a good AZ restaurant. No worries friends it gets better from there. I ordered the seafood enchiladas. Great choice! I was not disappointed. Will definitely be back for lunch and occasionally dinner.
1	Bad, bad, bad.  Moved to the Valley from Tucson and based on many yelper's comments decided to try Nando's to get our Mexican food fix.  There was a line out the door and the place was packed.  We had high hopes.  Guacamole tasted like something purchased in a refrigerated section of the grocery store.  Salsa tasted like tomato sauce.  Neither my husband nor I could finish the food.  Bland, not the least bit authentic and downright gross.  Took the leftovers home to my teenage kids (they usually eat everything).  They took one bite and discarded the rest...citing that Taco Bell was more authentic.  My only assumption can be that those that have yelped have never experienced authentic Mexican food.
5	This is our favorite Mexican Restaurant in Phoenix! On the main menu, everything is great and consistently great.. My favorite, are the Pork Chops, that have an amazing rub, and can't be beat!! Also, love the happy hour menu.. Price and portions and quality are incredible!! Love their Happy Hour Nachos and Mexican Pizza. $2.00 domestic beers!!! Try Nando's. You won't be disappointed!!
4	Great place to come with friends.  CHEAP happy hour specials such as the giant Nachos, yum :)  Enormous servings, I'm not kidding.  The guacamole appetizer is giant as well, so be careful you bring other people with you or else you will end up wasting yo foods.   Come in, try something different each time you visit and find what you like!  I like the guac, nachos, and tostadas, delicious!
4	Visited 8/17/12.I have been here several times so once again I am surprised I have no reviews. This is probably the better of the Mexican Restaurants I have come across.  Great selections, endless chips and salsa, nice appetizers.  This place is always busy!!  Always..  Be prepared for a wait or get there early. They also have nice selections for tequila and margaritas.  Although the tequila prices are a little high for me.  This last visit, I as a little disappointed in the margaritas... I think a little more tequila is appropriate.  If I am paying $9.00 for a Margarita, I had better be able to taste the tequila.
5	Love the red chili beef burros. Hearty basket of chips and salsa served upon being seated. Friendly staff.
3	I cant say i was amazed! The salsa was good/average likely and the food was about standard, nothing that i would write a 5-start review about. .we ordered the app sampler plater, everything was covered in beans and lettuce, it didnt seem as if there was much attention to detail or taste. I will have to be in a generous mood to give it another shot. .
1	Dear Nando, I am very disappointed today after visiting this restaurant. I have been out of the country for a year and decided I needed to get my Nando's fix. I used to love this place but now I do not know if I will ever return. The service was terrible. First, the hostess did not know where to seat us. I was confused and she walked us around just as confused until finally deciding on where to put us. Then as we waited for our server we got our chips and salsa from the bus boy. Then we waited...and waited...and waited. Finally, we were asked if we would like anything to drink. I was on the verge of walking out of the restaurant up to that point. I wish I had. After receiving our drink I noticed the server had sat down at a booth to have a conversation with a customer. It appeared he knew him.  I have to admit that my meal was good but my wife ordered a chimichanga that was for some reason, watery. My waiter promptly refilled my soda but at no point did he ever introduce himself or ask us if everything was alright. I felt as if he just wanted us out of there. Then we waited for our bill...and waited...and waited. Finally it arrived and I was so happy to pay because I just wanted to get our of there. Now I sit here wondering if I will ever go back. Perhaps, if I do I will try the other location. I was told that the waiter was training someone but I never saw him interacting with another person as if he was training them. He didn't even offer that as an excuse for his poor performance. Either way, I was sad to see one of my favorite establishments reduced to a place that I do not even want to visit again. So, Nando, I hope that you can get this right. If I ever do return you have a lot of work to convince me to add this establishment to my favorites list again. I hope you can do it because if you do not then you will surely see business leaving for another place that services their customers with a smile and a greeting. A place that shows it cares. A place that shows that we are welcome.
5	Green chile burro. That's all you need to know.
3	My husband and I used to come here a lot- at least once every couple of weeks. This past year we have only gone once. The food just isn't as good as it used to be. I don't know what changed (maybe our taste?) but it's just not the same. The salsa is just ok, and the guac is gross- it has to be store bought...if not, I'd like to talk to the person who makes it. Beyond that, the rice, beans, margaritas, etc- they're all just ok. It doesn't taste like authentic Mexican food to me. The redeeming qualities for me are the service and the pollo rico- both are great. We have always had good experiences with service, and the pollo rico is always a safe bet. I'm not quite ready to give up on Nando's since it used to be a staple for us, but I definitely won't be going any more frequently than I have been.
4	My husband and I were hungry for tacos and we really enjoy Nando's.  It was a beautiful night so we sat outside on the patio.  Yes.....me....I sat outside.  LOL   I don't care for real hot salsa and theirs is perfect for me.  Their shredded beef is flavorful and moist.  The only negative I have with this place is every time I have been there the wait staff is not a friendly as I would like and they do not make eye contact.  That is a pet peeve of mine.
4	I have visited this place several times. They have great happy hour prices and their regular menu prices are very reasonable too. Their entrees are big enough to share, my favorite is their fish tacos. They tend to get pretty busy on Friday nights, so there is sometimes a bit of a wait. Overall, thumbs up!
4	Living around the corner from here for years, I just visited it last week for the first time. The service was awesome. I couldnt drink my water fast enough because our waiter kept filling it at the halfway point. Portions were huge... especially for the money. I had the fajitas, which I think were $12, and that lasted me for 3 meals. The biggest downfall was flavor, or lack there of. It was good, but seemed like it was missing something. I will be back to try some other stuff from the menu, and some drinks.
5	First time there and it was great. Had 6 of us and we got seated right away. Love the fact they put out little carafes of salsa two kinds and a huge basket of chips. Yum yum. The service was very good. I had a Montana margarita on the rocks it was very good. I also had their crab and shrimp enchiladas, they were very very good. We all had an excellent time and if they had these in California I would go back for sure.
1	I have never had a bad experience at nando's til tonight. I have recommended time and time again this restaurant to people who have never heard of it. I will no longer go there after tonight. First, we were sat in the corner where it was so dark i could barely read the menu. I felt like we were being punished right from the start. I ordered the el jefe enchilada style with EXTRA CHEESE. i specifically said to make sure the cheese was melted cause sometimes they put so much cheese, the cheese isnt melted. Well,it came out with barely any cheese on it, barely any enchilada sauce and no rice ( i asked for double rice, no beans) my friend had more cheese on her beans than i had on my whole plate. they server took it back and added cheese, only to come back with a tiny bit more cheese on it. When the manager came over, i explained everything to her and she said oh, it looks like it had extra cheese, like i was lying! my friend had put some of her cheese on my plate thats why!!!! She's like i will take off the extra cheese off the bill. At that point i really felt like just saying i didnt want it at all but i was hungry!!! Sorry nando's but the poor customer service and poor food leads to you losing me as a customer. And if this keeps happening, you will lose one customer at a time!!! Me and my recommendations will go somewhere else....
4	It's nice, it's clean, it's about average for an AMerican Mexican resturant.  Doesn't strike me as all that authentic but my husband, who leans more towards the AMricanized Mexican food absolutely LOVES the Sonoran Enchilada.  He calls it "Mexican beefy goodness" and we make special trips from AJ just to get it.  Personally, and I can always find something there to eat, think it's just ok.
4	Come for the food stay for the many types of margaritas! Our favorites are the Mexican Pizza and Pollo Rico ...try not to get full on the delicious chips and salsa!
5	We just moved out to Gilbert and have been trying to find some great places to eat but haven't had much luck. Until one day we stumbled upon Nando's. Let me tell you, this place is AWESOME!!!!! My husband says is going to try everything on the menu. Everything that we have had has been perfect. My three and four year olds love it too. Every time we pass Nando's they ask to eat there. Oh and the margaritas are soooooooooo GOOD!
4	Very yummy mexican food. Great hot sauce..I like to mix the mild n hot together makes the perfect spicyness :D Closest thing to authenic mex food atleast for AZ :P
2	I... don't get it. I don't get the high rating on this restaurant. Sorry, guys. When we arrived, the parking lot was packed, but once inside we were seated almost immediately out on the patio. Unfortunately, we were not seated with menus. Our server visited our table twice before correcting this error. One of our salsa bowls arrived at our table with caked on food bits. After ordering our food, we waited almost an hour for our entrees... which were sincerely lacking in yum.I ordered the Faja Pasta - so maybe it's partially my own fault for order a pasta dish at a Mexican restaurant - but it was not very good. The pasta was very doughy, and many of the noodles were clumped together. The bread it came with, while not awful, was partially soggy from sitting on the plate too long. Saving grace was the chicken I had with it. It was juicy and had a nice kick. One star for the chicken.Fiance ordered a seafood enchilada which he found lacking in seafood and smothered in too much cheese. We ate until we were full enough to call it a meal. As unsatisfying as it was. Second star is for our server, because even though he was a smidge on the slow side, he was trying, bless his heart. He refilled my soda before it was completely empty, so that's a plus for me. I don't think we'll be returning.
1	Well that was disappointing.  Can't summon any humor for how disappointing that was.  Great first impression, nice big open airy restaurant, patio was open and has tiled tables, fireplace, pretty windows with big leafy designs, dug it, even talked about maybe moving the rehearsal dinner here.That would've been a mistake.  Seated, were given chips and salsa.  They were fine.  Server stopped by asking if we needed a few more minutes.  Fiancee responded we needed a few more menus.  My order were their seafood enchiladas, and chipotle albondigas.  The soup was oily and the meatballs fell apart upon contact, so were a bit too mushy.  Some nice spiciness, but just too greasy and broth too thin.  57 minutes after ordering our entrees showed up.  What a joke.  Billed as seafood enchiladas, mushy enchiladas filled with 1 part shrimp and fake crabmeat 9 part cheese.  Couldn't taste the seafood at all.  Ranchero sauce was fine.  Beans and rice were acceptable.  Overheard server say to another table "Was it at least okay?"  No.  Never again.  What a total waste of 1.5 hours.
1	I don't understand why this place has as many stars as it does. Your palate has to be awful to nonexistent if you think the food here is superb. First of all, the hostess was plain weird. She may have been drinking since it was happy hour. Second, too much crap on the table. Too many plates, too many bowls, too many carafes of salsa, too many cups. Oh and the salsa and/or hot sauce is tomato paste. The chips are okay, not the yummiest. The Cabo Maragarita is cool to look at but it tastes mediocre. I had a border chimichanga (bean) and it was ok. Honestly. You have to be kidding me if you think this is good Mexican food. I'll just call this place McNando's because it's so Americanized and bland. Might I suggest an awesome place? Go to Los Dos Molinos. Leave Nando's to the senior citizens because this is far from authentic.
2	Well...we needed a place to have late lunch/early dinner (3 generations). Close by was Nandos. You enter the restaurant and it's very pretty, and clean. The hostess asked us (about 50 times..ok, maybe only 5, but it felt like 50) if we wanted to sit near the bar because it was happy hour, or if we'd like a booth in the general restaurant. We opted for the general restaurant. As we sat down at the table, we noticed how much stuff was all over the table..honestly we couldn't even open the menus until we rearranged and put some stuff out of the way. The chips and salsa came very fast. Now I say salsa but it was actually hot sauce. I say hot sauce, but it wasn't hot at all. Hot if you're from Minnesota maybe, but it was not good. There were apparently 2 different kinds but you couldn't prove it by me. We ordered drinks. I ordered a habanero infused margarita (gee, maybe I'll get some heat from that). Let me say our waiter was very nice.The margarita gets a 6/10 limes from me. It was interesting, and did have a little bite to it. All of a sudden we had this weird fish smell that wafted our way from the table behind us. Oooo weee, it was fishy..not something we expected at a mexican restaurant. It was an uncomfortable fishy smell, and that's all I'm saying. Our food didn't take too long to come..about 15 minutes. I ordered the seafood relleno. Now, I love my rellenos. This was not good. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't good. It came with beans and rice, and they were cooked very well, and had great taste. The relleno had shrimp that was rubbery. The sauce and cheese on it was good. The number 3 that one of us ordered was reported to be very good, and the border chimichanga was "alright". The company was great. The waiter was friendly, attentive, and not a pest. The food and drinks were....ok.My suggestions-hostess person, don't attack people when they first come in. There is a fine line between friendly and creepy. Salsa- make some real salsa, or at least have your tomato tasting hot sauce have some heat.
1	I have given this place 3 tries and I have been let down every time.  The place looks amazing but the food is terrible.  They try to cover it up by covering EVERYTHING in a thick layer of cheese.  The wait staff is super rude and seems like they know the food is a joke.  The hostess acted like a 12 year old, oh wait maybe she was.  The only good thing about the place is their Margs.
3	Went to nan dos Sunday was not very busy and main course was good.  Chips could have used a little salt.  The hostess was little tired and sitting in the customer table area talking to a person cleaning the floors?  Not very appealing atmosphere while eating with my family.  But will return.
5	Nando's is great! To start off their chips and salsa are great. Not only are they free but they are not stingy with them they will keep bringing them out till you say no more. Everything is good on their menu, but my personal favorite is their Pizza Blanco. It is a mexican pizza with cream cheese, chicken, tomato's, chiles, onions and cheese. You wont be disappointed at all. Carful if you get the pizza Blanco you will want to order that every time you go, you will have no other choice but to order it, it is that good!
3	I was excited to try this place based on what my friends have told me and what I read on Yelp.  I decided to take the family out to dinner this past Saturday.  We arrived around 5:30PM thinking it would not be that busy and that we would have a short wait, boy was I wrong.  The place was packed and we were told there was a 40-45 minute wait and due to the excitement of wanting to try this place we waited and waited and waited some more.  After 60 minutes of waiting we were finally seated and our waiter was very friendly and took care of our needs.  The food was a small step above Serrano's with the salsa being a little bland for my taste.I did a little research after eating here and would recommend calling ahead to get your name on the waiting list no matter what time you plan on visiting and ask your waiter for the hotter hot sauce if you don't find the salsa they bring to the table hot enough.I will probably give this place another shot down the road.
5	Food is delicious. My favorite is the Pollo Rico. Came in during happy hour for a take out order, the bartender was extremely nice and friendly. I already love this place but the service I got today was outstanding for just a takeout order.
2	Bland standard Mexican food at too high of a price. The chips and salsa were completely bland....I had two chips, when at Mexican restaurants I normally devour an entire basket and convince myself not to let them bring me another. I ordered the margarita special which was made with Blue Curacao and an upside-down Coronita....not very good. On top of it, the glass was so big and heavy that I literally had to push it around the table with both hands. I ordered two enchiladas, one with ground beef, the other with shredded, which were ok. I was shocked that the lunch bill, plus tip was over $70 for 2 meals, one margarita, one beer, and 2 shots of Patron.
5	Celebrated a family member's birthday here last night. A place she's been wanting to try for a while and I'd never heard of before. Our party consisted of 20+ people and I must say we all could not have had a better time. The food was great - I tried the Pollo Rico and my wife had the Mesquite Tacos - excellent!. What gets the 5th star is our amazing waitress, Charlene. Even with our large party she was attentive and managed to keep our drinks full and she got our orders out quickly and took very good care of us until our party ended - and this, on a very busy Saturday night. We will definitely be back and highly recommend Nando's!
4	This has been a family favorite for a while, The place is cute, the food is always good and I have no complaints! The Pollo Rico is HUGE (like 3 meals huge) and probably a million calories, but totally worth it. Margaritas are yummy too.
1	My husband and I tried Nando's based on a recommendation from a friend. We arrived and there was no hostess to greet us. We just stood there looking around trying to make eye contact with anyone who worked there. After 5 minutes, the hostess appears and seats us. No apologies, just seats us. She tossed the menus on the top of the plates. Now we all know how disease-laden all restaurant menus are. That move totally freaked me out. Needless to say, we didn't eat off those plates. The waiter comes and takes our order. He was polite and friendly. We get a tiny bowl filled with a massive amount of chips dropped on our table with the worst fake salsa/hot sauce in the world. I say fake because there is nothing in this concoction that resembles salsa. Bland, bland, bland. Our meals arrive and I will admit their rice was delicious. I had the #3 (chicken taco, cheese enchilada, rice & beans). The cheese enchilada had so much cheese that I could feel my arteries harden with every bite. I like cheese - a lot of cheese - but this was overkill. The enchilada sauce was O K. No zing to it. The chicken taco was extremely average - bland. My husband had the pork chops. They were thick with bone-in. One of them was drastically under cooked. My husband commented on the total lack of flavor. He was surprised there was no spice - just bland. Now I was born & raised in AZ and I am 1/2 Hispanic. So perhaps my Mexican food grading scale is higher then most people's. I expect flavor and a little kick to all Mexican food. This place is BLAND. We will never go back. Notice to all Mexican restaurants - Mexican food SHOULD have flavor and spice with an option to make it fire hot. As for the friend that suggested Nando's - we are re-thinking the friendship!!!  :o)
2	I wanted to like this place as it was reccommended to me by a friend, but after giving it two shots, I probably will not be returning.  No complaints about service and it is a cute restaurant, but the food quality is poor.  Pollo rico is dry, chips are just meh, salsa is bland and it seems that everything is covered in so much cheese that you can't taste the food underneath.  With the amount of Mexican restaurants available in the area, do yourself a favor and skip this one.
1	First off, any Mexican place worthy of mention has good beans.  The beans at N. are so dry and flavorless it's like eating chalk.  Secondly, cheddar cheese melted atop every dish and that is NOT Mexican!!!  3rd- I ordered chile verde.  WHAT???  It was a slab of dry pork covered in Green Sauce!!!! DISGUSTING.
5	Awesome food
1	Food took forever, tacos were dried, beans were thick and chalky., chips and salsa tastes awful.  Will not go here  again.
4	Best Mexican food in the East Valley!  Dining in or take-out, service is always very good.
2	Decent food but the place needs a good cleaning, feels run down and dirty. Clean the place up a little, change to decor and lose the carpet in the dining area it's very dirty and carpet does not belong in a dining room. The food quality at this Nandos has gone down a bit. I would blame this on management, Even the wait staff says managers all have different ways of running the restaurant. This should be fixed, all managers need to be on the same page so everything works smooth. It's not rocket science, just common sense. Come on guys fix this place so I dont have to drive farther away to another Nandos.
4	I've been to Nando's a few times, and it's been consistently good each time I've been there.  The service was good, and the Pollo Rico is delicious.  My only advice would be to check it out around lunch time, where you can try a lot of the dishes for a little less cash.  All in all, good place to grab a bite and a margarita.
3	I cannot believe it too me this long to eat here. I have eaten here twice and after the 2nd visit I am downgrading this from 4 stars to 3. Freshly made chips but the salsa is BAD. Whodathunk bad salsa at a Mexican place?The cheese and green chili enchiladas are good but way too much cheese put on them plus way too much cheese on the nachos and its not nacho cheese which really makes the nachos really not very good.
2	This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in the EV now it's a great shame. Menu has changed slightly but the quality is on serious decline!
5	The cheese crisp! You must order this so cheesy! Everything else that they serve are supersize so share
5	OMG! This restaurant is a hidden gem! How have I lived in AZ for 7 years and just visited for the first time yesterday?! The food is delicious. Service is excellent and the prices are right. Only problem is I will probably gain weight eating here so often!
5	I didn't know this location existed until suggested for dinner. When we walked in the place was packed, we were told the wait would be 10-15 minutes but within less than 5 we were seated.Brett our waiter quickly had chips, 2 kinds of salsa & drinks out and we were served our quesadilla appetizer in a matter of minutes. I ordered the Pollo Rico with jalapeno cream sauce, so good but so much that I got to take some home for lunch the next day, which turned into a midnight snack just too good to wait. I tried a bite of my son's Faja pasta dish, ordered that a few weeks later at another location. Even though we didn't finish our food we still shared the sopapillas, that came with whip, honey & chocolate sauce, messy but oh so worth it. Fabulous food & service, we'll definitely be back!
5	This is the best sitdown Mexican restaurant we have found in the East Valley. We have never tried a bad dish here, and we can be quite the Mexican food snobs. The El Jefe f chimichanga always hits the spot, the flavor in the steak is amazing!  Plenty of flavor without the pitiful attempt to add taste  to the meat after cooking it with pico de gallo and other sauces, which other restaurants often try to pull off. Love this place!
5	Me and my husband try to eat at new places. We tend to be picky eaters, so this is our way of trying  to broaden our likes. We love mexican so this was this weeks new try. I LOVED it! We started with the jalapeno bean dip and a cheese crisp. The dip was fantastic!!! I loved every bite. The chips they served with it were light and fluffy. Our cheese crisp came out late so they took it off our bill. We didn't even say anything about it, our waitress just said that because it came out 5 after our meal came out that it was on them. Excellent customer service in my opinion. I had lunch special A, a cheese enchilada and a taco with rice and beans. It was great, wasn't anything that made it stand out, but it was very good. Definitely will return, and maybe some friends will join =)
3	The food came out hot, and it was plentiful. I agree that Nando's uses too much cheese (and I am an avid cheese lover!). I prefer less heavy, more fresh-tasting Mexican than this. The food wasn't bad; it just was too cheesy/too salty. The chips were horrible, however (lacked taste and were not warm or crispy). I liked that the server put a pitcher of water on the table because I drink a lot of water with my meals, and I hate to flag down a server for multiple water refills. However, I think the pitcher was an excuse for the server to be non-existent during our meal. I don't like a server to hover, but I do expect someone to check if my food is to my satisfaction or to ask if I need anything else during the meal. Ironically, two servers did start to hover when we lingered too long after finishing our meal. I would probably come here again because the price is reasonable, and the food was prepared decently. I just wouldn't expect anything out of the ordinary with the food or service.
5	My wife and I found this place using yelp and were very pleased.  We visited for lunch. The service was great.  The atmosphere was clean and tasteful.  The food is was fresh and good quality.  If this place was next to a Macayo's we would go to Nando's every time without a doubt.
5	First time at this location.  Ate lunch Monday.  I ordered "J" which is a chicken burrito covered with their creamy/spicy cream cheese sauce served with rice and beans.  Really delicious dish and HUGE.  I took 1/2 home and ate it for dinner.  Adorable and pleasant waiter - great service.  Chips and water at our table within 1 minute of sitting down.  Restaurant clean.  No complaints!
5	Great food. Big bowl of fresh chips and salsa is great. Lunch portions are more than dinner portions at most mexican restaurants. Definitely recommend.
4	We had a business lunch on Friday, they were so busy, but we got in the restaurant  and got seated very fast. We were waited on very promptly. They have such good, tasty mexican food better than  I have had in a long time. We had four adults and ate for around $10.00 a piece. The portions were so big that we ate our leftovers that night for supper.This place has three other chain restaurants around the Phoenix area, you won't be disappointed. Very good, lots of cheese, tasty try it you will like it.Wendy
5	I have been coming here for 7 years and it is my go-to Mexican restaurant in AZ. Whenever Is have friends or family in town and they are craving Mexican food, I always direct them to this great place. Service has always been top notch. Food quality and quantity is phenomenal, and the menu items are appropriately priced. It makes me feel good when I see the restaurant's namesake, Nando, on site and working amongst the staff. If Mexican food is on your mind, do yourself a favor and visit Nando's. You will not be disappointed.
4	This place is a good Mexican place. Service is typically good, the servings are large (pollo Rico is bomb). My only complaint is they put a lot stuff on the table before you even get your food. I don't like a cluttered table do it annoys me a bit.
2	Asked for a taco and asked if the shell was fried.  Waitress told us yes, it was a regular taco shell. Food wasn't anything amazing. Food size was good but overall experience is a don't go back there.
5	Chicken chimichanga very good nice and moist chicken. Chicken fajitas very good and full after eating
4	I lived in California for many years and didn't realize how spoiled we were with the Mexican food.  Here in the Phoenix area, we a had a lot of trouble finding a Mexican restaurant that we wanted to return to.  Nando's has great food, a warm atmosphere, friendly staff and reasonable prices!  We will return again and again!
4	This is my parent's Mexican restaurant of choice. I can see why. The portions are huge and everything is hot, fresh and tasty. Husband and I shared the crab and shrimp enchiladas, although it was a tough decision to make. Everything looked tempting. The enchiladas were quite good and definitely big enough to share. We both have big appetites but had taken advantage of the chips and salsa and ordered a quest dip for the table. The queso was rich and cheesey, served with flour tortilla chips - although I preferred the corn chips and used those to dip. If in the area again I would like to try the pollo rico - I have a serious weakness for jalapeno cream cheese.
5	Food was amazing service was great best thing about this place is that the people here know your name what is a big plus cause this place is packed with repeat regulars !! The food was not over loaded with grease or chili Thank you to our server Israel for making  my first trip here the best I will be back an I'm bringing friends to try out your bar !!!! ;)
4	Tucked away in the back of the plaza is a hidden gem.  Start with warm chips and salsa and fast service that never lets your drink get empty.  Portions are huge and come with rice and beans.  Can also order a la carte.  Can't wait to go back and try more selections from the menu.
4	I like Nandos it's a hidden gem. Yes the parking can be crazy, but in my opinion that's a GREAT sign. Gilbert isn't chock full of outstanding restaurants so this one certainly stands out. The service has always been tip top and you can't beat the portion size. I'm a fan of the chips and salsa and the margs. I've enjoyed most everything I've had on the menu. I often bring out of town guests here because strange as it seems it's really hard to get decent Mexican food in this area.
4	Even the lunch portions are ginormous! They have great chips and flavorful salsa and a wide variety of dishes on their menu. I love the Pollo Rico special with rice and beans. Service is always on par and food makes it out quick and correct the first time!
5	This has to be one of my favorite places to eat Mexican food and I recommend it to many people. Growing up in Arizona, I have found many places claiming they do authentic Mexican food. Not the case for many places. Nandos definitely serves great authentic Mexican food! They get really busy at times but its worth the wait. We try to go a little bit early to avoid a big waiting time. The staff is very outgoing and the servers seem to remember you if they have waited on you before. Nice to go to a place that serves exactly what they advertise.
2	Let me first start by stating that I'm an ovo-lacto vegetarian (meaning I eat eggs and milk products) but no meat or meat products (such as chicken broth, lard etc...) so my two-star rating is informed by that. I usually am successful at finding great food at mexican restaurants since many have transitioned away from using lard in much of there food and provide some fresh, vegetable based options. Not so much at Nando's. After informing our waiter of our vegetarian status, he wasn't sure what was vegetarian or not. After asking the cook staff, we found out that there is lard in the enchilada sauce (UGH!) and beans. We ended up ordering some cheese enchiladas with salsa instead of the regular sauce. In terms of what we ate, it was okay. If you like lots of cheese and eat meat, you may love this place! It's your basic mexican restaurant fare (lots of meat, beans and rice) :) Also, the atmosphere was nice (adorable patio) and would consider going back for margaritas. But in terms of food, I'll keep looking for a mexican restaurant with some healthier, vegetarian friendly options and a staff who is confident in what they are offering.
2	Was taken here for moms day, we got right in, however server forgot items that we ordered, remembered after we were almost done. Hard to get his attetion for refills and check. Like food and will go back but never on a busy night/ any holiday.
4	Always good food. Normally good service. Plan on a short weight - normal 1/2 hour but worth it
4	My family has eaten here many times. The food is consistently good and the staff is friendly. If you are planning to go on a Friday or Saturday evening however, the parking can be a challenge and the wait can be long.
4	Excellent food over time is not as easy as it seems. Nando's always delivers tasty food along with great service. Highly recommend a visit if your in the mood for Mexican. Keep in mind when you order a combo, that you can customize any choice - for me a cheese enchilada and a taco becomes a chicken enchilada and a shredded beef taco.
5	I love Nando's!The staff is quick and attentive. The restaurant itself does a lot of work in the community by donating portions of their sales to various nonprofits in the Valley. Last time I was there is was Sunshine Acres Children Home. If you are going with a friend I recommend that you get the Mini Combo Platter, you get a little bit of everything and they serve their delicious Jalapeno Cream Cheese, sour cream mix with it, which is not on the menu, so if you want to order something and try it you have to ask for it. Their drinks are delicious, Prickly Pear Margarita is one my favorites. There is indoor and outdoor seating and its never noisy.
5	No matter what night I've been there they are always busy.  The wait isn't usually that long, the hostesses are always nice and polite. The wait staff is also nice, any one of them will help. The food is ALWAYS amazing.  Comes out nice and hot. The portions are huge, most of the time  I have to ask for a doggie bag.I recommend this restaurant to everyone, my In-laws had been visiting and wanted a place to eat, we suggested Nando's and they loved it.
5	Hands down our favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley! The staff is always wonderful and food is amazing!
4	Yum! Wasn't expecting this to be as good or as nice atmosphere wise. With a name like nando's was comparing it to filly bees, much better! Homemade chips and salsa. As a vegetarian I seriously appreciate the ability to order tacos, burrito, or chimichangas with veggies or potatoes! Plus you can't beat pitchers of Dos Equis! I took off a star because their guacamole tastes like it comes from a package. This place gets enough business to use real guacamole. Worth a taste if you're in the area!
4	Really, really good. I've been a an of another chain Mexican restaurant in the area, but I think this place has it beat. Service is excellent. They do unobtrusive, yet efficient really well. Got our chips. They were just okay, salsa was just okay. It was sort of disappointing, but the food really made up for it. I order the taco/tostado/cheese enchilada plate and that first taste hooked me for life. How delicious! The cheese was really melt-y, but not super gooey, it wasn't overly cheesy weirdly. The only thing I can complain about is that the taco doesn't have vegetarian options, just meat. I should have asked for beans, but the tostado already had that covered. I saved that for last and the beans just melted the shell so I had to eat with my fork. I'll save that for first next time. My friend had the taco plate with the deep fried chicken taco and it looked really good. I didn't get beans and rice with mine, but he did so I tried them. Best I've ever tasted. Whew. This place is obviously awesome, you just need to get there and try it for yourself!
2	Very bland and flavorless. My husband got the fish tacos. The mahi mahi was very very dry. The beans were gross, like they came from a can. The rice was very plain. I got the chicken chimichanga. It was pure chicken wrapped in fried dough, no seasonings, no veggies, and not marinated. Even the salsa was bland! The mild taste more like marinara and the hot was just bitter. The only food they got right was the chips. Even overheard another table state they thought their food had turned bad. Our sever was nice but he checked in on everyone else, and not once did he check in with us. Overall this was a lacking experience, it did not satisfy any of our Mexican cravings. It's better to drive a mile south to Serrano's.
5	Our server was great and offered us suggestions when we told him it was our first time there. The margaritas and food came quickly and were wonderful!
4	I ordered the spinach rice and beans which was excellent. Service was slow to start I waited 10 minutes for a cup of tea. Lunch is a very busy time but it'd still return because the food is very good
2	Defiantly not the best Mexican food. Pollo Rico was dry. Chips and salsa tasted like pace.
1	If you like eight legged critters crawling around on our plate then you will love this place!  Three people came out and acknowledged this and still charged me full price!  Hope this this helps the future yelpers.
3	The customer service was outstanding. The food was mediocre... But my mother in law loves going here so I had to try it myself.
5	Second time to a Nandos, first time to the one in Gilbert. We were very impressed with the service and food. Our waitperson, Christie, was very attentive and outgoing. Told us about the menu and made suggestions on what to get. She talked to us everytime she passed our table. What we had was very good. After we finished, she even brought us a small desert.We have decided that Nandos will be our go to place for mexican style food.
5	We had my wife's birthday party here, and had a party of about 30.  Everyone had a great time, and most of all, the Nando's staff made sure we were well taken care of.  Thanks to Gabby, Abby, Kim, and especially Will and Alex for a wonderful evening.  It wasn't our first visit, and certainly won't be our last!
2	I had heard about this place from a friend. I decided to try it. I had the seafood enchilada & ice tea. The tea tasted funny. The enchilada was okay. Pace picante sauce is better than their salsa. I spent $15 for a lousy lunch. I won't go back.
5	Twice in the past year I have had a small business function catered by Nando's and I remain extremely impressed with their outstanding food and service.  DELICIOUS!!  Reasonably priced.  I will definitely order Nando's again for our next function.
5	The spinach enchilada, shredded beef tacos, and fajitas are great! You also can't go wrong with the pitchers of margaritas! Everytiime we have gone the service has been great too. You have to at least once try the nachos on happy hour, they are huge!
3	This Nandos is always busy and poppin'!! Although it took a while to get a waitress at my table so I can put my order in & my food didn't come out very fast... The food is great tasting!!! I recommend this place if you have a lot of patiences!
3	Chips and salsa are some of the best I've had in AZ.  The house margarita was decent, also. Service was fine.  The booths are small and really close together, so you'll be staring at the guy facing you in the adjacent booth.  Lunch overall was decent, but underwhelming.  My burrito was nothing special, and they didn't have great lunch prices.
