5	Everyone likes Pirates and its free! Aarrgghh
2	I may be a poop in a group but the Siren's of Treasure Island could of been a wee bit better. It was hot, crowded and one could not really see the whole show. The story line is lame. The main girl's voice sounded like a dudes.  The really funny thing it that this was a live performance and no one clapped at the end or even yelled Yahhhh. How ever the fire show next door at the Mirage....when it ended with no live performers, and no story line..... people yelled, clapped and cheered.....  Kind of funny how Vegas is.  Maybe in the future Treasure Island will change the Pirate Show. But for know it is just OK in my book...... The fun of Treasure Island however is inside.... so much to see and do...... skip the show and just go inside.....
1	I get it its a free show . Yes you don't have to pay. But just because its free doesn't mean we have to watch this GARBAGE! I watched it last night and  boy I am glad I want waiting like the rest of the people there. I just so happen to be walking by. The show IT IS NOT FOR KIDS! It is full of sexual innuendos just gross stuff. The sirens aren't sirens they are just girls wearing close to nothing outfits rubbing they breast against ropes and just ZERO talent. The impression I got was that the casino HAD a good pirate theme production but had to turn this into a grouchy show to attract men to come inside to see all this girls. The show was so bad I walked away and  many people walked away too. Many people felt offended and just walked away very disappointed . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. If you do decide to go the only exciting thing is the few fire flames from the "explosion " and maybe the pirate ship. PLEASE DON'T WATCH THIS .
1	OMG. Worst show ever. The original show they had back in the day was awesome. I cant believe how bad this was.  Worst plot and acting I have ever seen.  It was free but I want a refund of the 4 minutes I stayed around.  Sad stuff
1	Treasure Island Pirate Show? It should be called "Scantily Clad Women Pretending to Be Sirens While Muscular Men Pretending To Be Pirates Chase After Them Show"There is nothing appealing about this show. Lets see where do I begin.The show is something about pirates chasing around chicks called sirens or is it the other way around? The action or lack there of consisted of fighting which looked more like bumping and grinding like you would see at a club. Definitely not a show for kids which was sad because when I looked around, more than half the crowd were parents with kids. Speaking of which, a lot of them could barely see any action which was probably a good thing. The area in front of the ship is not that big and its standing room only. So if you are a short kid, all you can see are the backs of tall peoples heads and maybe the top half of the pirate ship. Once it was over, I didn't know whether to be happy that it was over or be mad that I just wasted 15 minutes of my life that I will never get back. In this case, it was both. Now getting around afterwards was a total nightmare because every single person was wanting to go different directions. I would say it took about 10 minutes just for us to get to the next casino over which was The Mirage.Overall, I would not recommend you wasting 15 minutes of your life just standing here trying to figure out what the plot is of this show. Sure, a couple times they had some fireworks go off behind the ship but you're looking at about 4 seconds total. Move on to the Volcano Show next door at The Mirage. That one does not have any sexual themes to it. Just your good old fashioned sound, water, light, and fire effects. Definitely way more entertaining and no explanation needed.
2	Pros: it was free... the fireworks and fire had my attention for a couple minutes. Cons: terrible story line and the script was pre recorded with other peoples voices.  I understand its live and they're running and jumping in the water so live mics may be an issue, but it made the show so much worse when there would be dialogue and nobody's mouth would be moving. Plus it was hard to see the whole show being they had two different "stages" and you were turning back and forth between the two.
2	Ugh. This show is a hot mess! Remember that awesome show when we were kids with pirates and the navy fighting each other? Remember how cool that was? Yeah, that's all gone.The sole purpose of the new show is to watch women dance around with not much on. The whole thing is contrived. The script is cheesy, everything is done by lip sync, and you can pretty much guess within 2 minutes how it's going to end. Save yourself the trouble, and go see another show. The fountain at Bellagio and the volcano at Mirage are always fun.
1	Why?! Why would you, Treasure Island, change such a great childhood memory that drew me back to your hotel/casino? Instead of a cool fight that had a story - you have slutty looking chicks pulsing to the music & missing their cues for the pre-recorded dialog.I am all for raunchy fun, but not at the expense of a cool show. Not cool "TI" not cool.
5	I LOVED IT. Music was good, show was fun and it was FREE :-) I read some reviewers don't like it, as it used to be geared towards kids.  To me Vegas is like an adult Disneyland and I love it. Leave the kids at home. I have seen the pirate show twice and hope to see it again, when I am there in April or May.
1	The Pirate show was closed in December. Employees say it's indefinite...no plans to reopen at this time.
