4	So growing up in NYC spoiled me for medical care.  I had access to some of the best doctors and teaching hospitals in the world.  The first couple of years living in Vegas, I'd fly back East to go to doctors, but that got old really fast.Off I went on a medical professional exploration, seeking out doctors whose education and residencies impressed me, and the pickings were slim here in 'Ole Vegas', but I found a gem...  Dr. Kaplan at the Comprehensive Primary Care offices on Maryland Parkway.The staff is professional, courteous and actually remember you from previous visits.  I've never had to wait too long.Dr. Kaplan is an excellent physician, who is not quick to medicate, which I can certainly appreciate.  He also is open to alternative medicines and treatments which I have found to be rare in M.D.s.I can happily recommend this medical care facility to one and all.  And now when I go to NYC it's for fun!
1	Thrilled that my spouse and I had nice new insurance, I chose a doctor covered under our plan. This location, with Dr. Kaplan and Dr. Sinai, was very close to our home. I was advised that as a new patient I should show up 30 minutes early to fill out the paperwork. I did. I signed in and the people behind the counter advised me to take a seat and wait. I waited for 25 minutes before someone bothered to give me paperwork, as the people behind the counter were busy distributing candy canes to one another and laughing over Facebook photos. So much for coming early.After that they botched the call to our insurance so my husband and I had to wait another hour while they sorted it out. They also somehow weighed my husband incorrectly (but me correctly), which shocked him until he weighed himself a few more times at other scales during the week. To top it off, the containers holding cotton balls had no lids, so anyone could cough on them. One of the nurses also got blood on her while administering a vaccination shot to my husband, sans gloves.We will be finding another doctor.
5	I have been a patient of Dr Kaplan for 6 years (luckily i found him after my two brain surgeries) not only did his staff do an exceptional job making sure that the dr had all of my medical records from all of the specialists and surgeons before my first visit they've never been anything other than courteous and professional and they always remember my name.  Dr Kaplan on my very first visit sat with me for more than 30 minutes to ensure he got an accurate history from me.  Two weeks later i got a call from their offices saying that Dr Kaplan wanted to see me within a week because after going through all of records he needed to change my medications and send me for a few addition tests/scans right away.  His thoroughness literally saved my life.  Some people may get the wrong impression when they first see him because (after politely greeting you) he will ask a few questions and let you ramble while his back is to you so he can write everything you say down and prioritize which of your problems to address first but take it from me ... HE IS listening,  He does not overmedicate and cares about your well being more than any primary care dr or surgeon i've ever dealt with.   Frank ILas Vegas
2	Showed up 30 min early with my paperwork all filled out (per their request). Sat down at 1:35pm in waiting room. At 2, they took me back and offered me hot tea or coffee - nice touch!!At 2:10, the nurse came in and took vitals. 5-10 min later, she stopped by and said there was only 1 patient ahead of me.  Great! I'd heard stories of long waits, but I must have come on a good day!In the next 30 minutes, I see the doctor walk by about 5 times.2:45pm - some lady comes in and asks if I want to learn about "Personalized Healthcare" while I wait...I looked at her funny and she said - "It's like a concierge service for your health."  Okay, I do love concierges...She takes me to a back room and tells me that his patients have been seeing him for years and often wait from 1-4 hours at each appointment.  He has 3000 patients and if I'd like to continue seeing him, I'l need to purchase this Personalized Healthcare service - at $1500/yr.  This membership guarantees me zero wait times in the future, 24/7 access to the doctor, and the grand finale...his cell phone number...and apparently "he's a big texter."...What?  Oh - and he's moving 10 miles away to an inconvenient location for me.  I repeat...What?!  It's now 3:15 and I'm still waiting.  He's walked by at least 10 times and no word from any nurse.  Later that day...The doctor was actually really nice, took the time to listen, etc...but I've had a lot of great doctors that didn't keep me waiting that long or ask me to pay a $1500 fee to continue being a patient.  Look - I get it.  If you'd been seeing him for years and really liked the guy, AND they promised no more wait times - it could make sense.  However, for a first time patient who just wanted to pop in for a quick minute?  I'll pass.1 star because he's a nice guy.1 star for buttering me up with Chai tea.
1	Update: They are also anti-vegetarian!
