2	Sure, it looks a little more swank than your usual strip mall takeout place. It's so glossy it shines. But the portions are smaller than other similar restaurants, and the prices are higher. I also find the rice and fried items to be somewhat overcooked and dry. Their service is also slooow. Very, very blah.
2	fast, semi-cheap takeout. place is kinda dirty on the floors but it didn't bother me.transfriendly- should be very accomodating plus if they talk shit and you don't speak chinese you won't know anyway!
3	This is our local Chinese take out place.  I hadn't been here in quite awhile because I've been getting Archi's Thai instead.I got two large soups for us last night - one wonton and one hot and sour.  Both were well done.  Sometimes, the wonton can be a bit salty for my wife, but it was fine last night.  The prices may be a bit higher compared to some other places, but the taste and the convenience seal the deal for me.  Service is always so quick that I never call ahead.
2	Chinese fast food in Summerlin. OK... cool. Took the family in for a Chinese food fix. Cashier was super friendly and helpful. We ordered, sat down in the tiny store. Typical fast food joint. Not super clean and picture menus hanging everywhere. Pork won tons were great. But were served on a paper plate and paper towel. Everything else was OK. Not great, but OK. Needed more chicken, less low mien. We live in Chinatown, so I guess were are spoiled to expect "Chinatown" quality on the edge of Summerlin. Sorry Ho Ho Ho, we won't stop in a again.
2	I would just say No No No.  The only thing that was decent was the Shrimp and snowpeas. The Mongolian beef and szchewan beef were 90% onions/ peppers and water chesnuts respectively. I know better than to go against Yelp reviews, but someone I know told me the food was good. Maybe you'll like it, but I did not like it at all. Won't be going back.
1	There is a disconnect here: Chinese Gourmet?  - I beg to differ.It resembled Chinese in look and name only - unless of course you were a big fan of Chun King growing up, then you might like it. The staff was worthless. Tried asking the guy what he would recommend and he was clueless - seriously clueless. He had not one single suggestion, as if to say "hey bud, just pick something and go."
4	I don't really get all the negative reviews.. We ordered pork wontons which were delicious. We also ordered beef w broccoli and chicken lo mein... Nothing spectacular but still good... I liked it enough. They also have Thai iced tea yummmm
1	Yikes...how do you screw up Orange Chicken? This place did...and biting into their crab wontons was more like biting into a clump of cold fried cream cheese. No good...first and last time.
1	Food was below average and staff a little rude !
1	I should have known that something was off.Cashier was behind counter picking his teeth was a toothpick but i didn't think much of it because he was the cashier and not the cook. So I continued with my order because it was semicheap.I didn't enjoy my food because the color of the food was off. Took a bite of the cheese ragoon and it looked and tasted gross. I didn't eat the meal.Overall: Expensive if you don't eat it what you paid for. Warning: check out the place before you place the order.
2	Very bland white people Chinese.  Nothings cooked in the sauces they're supposed to be in.  Save yer money cuz it's pricey and go to Panda down the street instead.
1	First off let me say, I had delivery and it took almost 2 hours. I live 1/4 of a mile from the place.  It was raining and I thought I'd order delivery so I wouldn't have to walk in the rain as my car is in the shop. My order:  Crab Rangoons, Hot and Sour Soup and Spicy Pad Thai.Crab Rangoons were HORRIBLE.  Very soggy and very FLAT.Hot and Sour Soup:  It was hot, fresh from the stove but had no spicy heat to  it at all.  I ordered it extra spicy.  It also was not sour.  It was edible and since I waited two hours for my order I was VERY hungry.  I ate it.Spicy Pad Thai.  The menu says "Pad Thai"  It does not say "shrimp, or chicken" on the menu and they don't give you a choice.  I "assumed" it was veggie pad thai and any meat would be by request.  I'm Vegetarian.  I get the pad thai and it is full of chicken and shrimp!! Ok..fine...I picked it all out.  I'm dying from starvation by this time. LOL I dig in..and the only thing that was "pad thai" was the noodles.  There was no flavor, no spice, it was just greasy noodles.  That went straight into the trash.I wish I could give this place "minus" stars! Won't ever order from there again.On the flip side, I advise anyone reading this to order from New York Chinese on Lake Mead.  I always get my order in 20-30 minutes and everything is always PERFECT!
4	Food is great and delivery is FAST!!!!!!  Always very friendly when making my order.
4	Nice staffs. Decent food. I recommend their Singapore Rice Noodles and Pad Thai Spicy Noodles.
3	Okay, I'm from the NYC. Chinese food there has its own unique style not found really anywhere else. So for me to compare, restaurants I've been to outside the city never really match up or do it justice. It certainly (NYC style I mean)  isn't "authentic Chinese" as in it typically isn't where the Chinese people tend to go. Of course that isn't the case in Chinatown, the Manhattan or Brooklyn Chinatown (we have two.) Anywho, this place isn't bad and out of several restaurants we've tried here this comes close to NyC style in a lot of respects but they're. Not perfect by any means. The selections we've tried we're limited so I will definitely try other items. The Chow Fun which is a broad rice noodle was comparable to anything I've had in NY. the fried rice was at 60% but would order again. The sweet and sour shrimp was awful. It was extremely greasy and for a 1.5" shrimp it was covered in 5" of heavy batter... A very bad no no. This was extremely off putting as we're the egg rolls, free with a $10+ order. They're not NY style egg rolls by any stretch of the imagination. They're more like spring rolls which are usually light and airy, but these were dripping with oil. I wrapped it one in a paper towel and set it aside for an hour. The remaining towel was completely translucent with oil and I could probably tie it to a branch and use as a torch next time I'm in a cave. I had the food delivered took less than a hour not too bad,but the driver who got $5 bucks as a tip was not rude, but curt and didn't seem thankful. He called me from outside my. Apartment door asking me what my apt number was I told him and he said he was outside. I said I'll be right there and went to through on a pair of shorts and a tee all about 20 seconds and the doorbell starts going off. I open the door and he was in mid-dial calling me again... SERIOUSLY!!!!All in all I will order the Chowfun again. Never the S/S shrimp or egg rolls. I've heard the general Tso chicken is good so I'd go for that. I think I will try a new dish here and there to whittle down my list but other than that , I'd recommend the place but caution folks to be careful. I'm curious if anyone else from the BIG APPLE has tried this place?
4	Made a delivery via phone, they helped me well and didn't cause any issues, prior to ordering I phoned 2 other places who couldn't understand basic English. Order went really smooth and easy, employee on the phone was helpful and professional. Food came within 20 minutes, it was hot, tasty and well portioned! Will order here from now on!
1	Ill start with the food! The rice was either well under cooked or old! I ordered the orange chicken based on the rating posted on the front door. It was very chewy and lacked flavor. The price is decent but you get what you pay for! The entire establishment including the restroom was very poorly maintained. Dirty soda fountain, tables, counter tops and poor lighting, I would not recommend for lunch or dinner! Staff was friendly however seemed more concerned about managing bills at a side bar and working on the computer rather than maintaining a clean environment.
1	Just say NO NO NO to HO HO HO!I made the mistake of using their restroom after I had just placed my order for garlic shrimp.It was dirty, the sink had black dirt residue it was so filthy and the bathroom is also used as a storage facility. Although they had toilet seat covers in boxes, they were not stocked for use.I was on lunch at work and decided on the garlic shrimp w/lo mein soft noodles.There was very little shrimp, it was mostly water chestnuts, bamboo shoots and mushrooms. I really think it should be named garlic mushroom because that was all it was.The lo mein noodles were even horrible as they were way too salty, thick and dry with zero flavor.That was my first and last visit!I have had some bad chinese food in the past however this really is the worst I have ever had no doubt!It is an insult to associate the word gourmet in any way, shape or form with this disaster of a "chinese" restaurant.NEVER AGAINMY MISTAKE FOR NOT READING YELP REVIEWS PRIOR TO VISIT AS I HAVE NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE. I WAS ON LUNCH FROM WORK AND DROVE BY AND STOPPED, IF I HAD READ YELP FIRST THEN I WOULD HAVE NEVER STOPPED TO DINE HERE!
2	Not very good at all, kinda wished we ate taco bell that day. Much better Chinese food close by.
5	When it came time to order lunch for the office, I knew exactly where to go - Ho Ho Ho Gourmet.  I don't recommend dining in, definitely a take-out or delivery place.  The vegetables are perfectly cooked, fresh and crispy.  The staff is very friendly.  The prices are inexpensive.  The service is fast.  The food is hot. Delicious!   I've been there 4 times, and always good food.  It's also interesting to note that when I've been there in the evening, there is usually a staff member taking a dinner break and eating their food; that's the sign of a good place to eat.
1	Never again. I've ordered from here for a few years and the food was pretty good before the new management. I had food delivered and the order was wrong (as it had been a few times in the past). I called to see if they would correct it, and not only did the man I spoke to not offer to replace my order, he told me I was wrong. He argued with me for about 10 minutes as to why I was wrong. He was rude, dismissive, and ended the call saying "Whatever" and hung up on me. The food isn't that great and after that horrible service, I'll never go back there!
3	This is not gourmet, by any means, but it will do. Portions are huge, price is cheap, and it is consistently decent.
1	Disgusting is an under statement!! Doesn't even deserve a star. What a waste of money.  Be warned the food is nasty, we ordered general tso's and sesame chicken... neither were even close to what they should taste like.. the food was burnt and chewy. The lo mein is awful. Nothing good to say about the incompetent dtaff who told me twice that the forks and soy sauce was in the bag I checked and it wasn't.  I want my $30 back!!
1	The most absolutely disgusting food I have ever tried in my life..pure oily grease and cheap noodles. Will never return.
4	Just tried this place for the first time.  Order was called in & picked up (work lunch).  It was quite delicious.  I dont get all the bad reviews.  I did not pick it up so I cant vouch for the cleanliness of the place.  I can only say my lunch was tasty.  I got the mongolian beef & Pad Thai.  Both were a bit spicy for me even though they tasted good.  I will go again however next time, I will tell them NOT spicy.  The pad Thai I ordered with no shrimp & when I got it, they had put shrimp in it, which did not make me happy.  Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
2	I stopped in this small Chinese place while my car was being worked on next door. Since moving to Vegas from the Bay Area I have had serious cravings for really good, authentic Chinese food. Specifically Egg Drop (Flower) Soup. I was impressed by the portions. I ordered a small ($2) and it was a huge serving - enough for two meals. The soup itself was full of flavor and so good, but it really lacked the extra corn and peas I'm used to having in it. I added on a side of steamed rice ($1) and some veggie egg rolls (2.50) to go along with it. The rice was somewhat stale... like it had been a day or two old, but again a massive serving. The egg rolls were slightly under-cooked but they were flavorful. The service is fair, the young man was nice but not overly friendly. After I got my food I found him sitting at a side station watching a movie or something on his cell phone. The cleanliness of the place is really lacking which is why I deducted stars, it is legit filthy in there. The soda machine is sticky and covered in dust, the tables are dirty, and the salt/pepper shakers look like they've NEVER been cleaned. Also, I dined in while waiting for my car and food was served on paper/styrofoam and plastic utensils. I thought maybe it was an accident until another customer dining in got the same thing...didn't really bother me (especially since I'm sure the to go plates are cleaner than a real plate would be there) but I think it's something to mention (not gourmet at all). All in all, if you can get past the cleanliness issues and just get your food delivered or to go, it's actually pretty decent. Although, I wouldn't recommend any seafood or meat items, the place is seriously dirty and I would question their practice of safe meat handling.
3	It was ok, the delivery was very good, 15 mins tops. Maybe because I have a Chinese last name...they are skimpy in the shrimp, the terriaki chicken was too saucy and the rice was dry. The veggies were good and so was the beef lo mein. If I were to go there again l would stick with the lo mein dishes. Large portions for a good price.
1	Terrible. We ordered chow mien and got a package of crispy noodles smaller than my palm. Seriously?  This place is NOT Chinese and NOT gourmet.  The other food is over sauced, salty, and i must say i was underwhelmed.  Mostly, the lack of customer service or even taking responsibility for their wrongfully named "CHOW MIEN" was just deplorable.  No more...never again. China One up the street is 10x better. Go elsewhere.
1	DO NOT COME HERE. This was the WORST food I've EVER had in Vegas and I've lived here for 19 years. I literally almost vomited and requested a refund through Eat24 because I sure as hell wasn't going back there!
5	We have ordered from this place a few times now and they are always fast and our food is always good. Their fried rice is amazing and so is their sesame tofu. I would recommend this place to anyone.
1	First my husband and me were going to subway next door. And we said what the heck let's give it a try. Biggest mistake ever. The food was just horrible. Nice customer service. But bad food. I'll never go back again.
2	Used to be better. Beef chow fun had hardly any beef in it. Walnut shrimp over cooked. Chicken Tsao over cooked too much fatty chicken. Yuck!
1	Save your money- go to Panda Express. That's a shame I feel Panda Express is higher quality than this place. I ordered teriyaki chicken, shrimp chow mien, orange chicken, egg rolls and white rice. First red flag was the broken soft drink fountain they had - the lemonade just produced the syrup, no actual lemonade. The orange chicken was obviously stale. The meat was like chewing plastic. The teriyaki chicken was disgusting, how hard is it to at least pour some teriyaki sauce over some grilled chicken, at the least. The sauce they use is a  gravy of some sort, I could honestly place it on top a bed of mashed potatoes. The white rice was hard and must have been a leftover batch from yesterday or hours before. The egg rolls were mediocre, a little greasy but whatever. The only thing that was decent was the shrimp chow mien, there were only 4 or 5 shrimp (large order) but at least the taste was there. This was my first and most definitely my last visit to "NO NO NO"!
3	Most post to Yelp after an especially good or bad experience.  I have eaten food from Ho Ho Ho many times, for about 20 years now, since when they were at Sahara and Rainbow.  The food is usually pretty good.  Certainly a step above Panda Express, in my experience, and almost on par with PF Chang's, but for lower prices.  I recommend the spicier dishes.
1	Typically when I order from here for lunch the place is pretty decent. However when I decided to order delivery for dinner. The tofu dish that I ordered had crumbled up dried out and burned pieces of tofu. They were absolutely inedible. He could not even chew them or eat them.   The dish was soaked in a sauce that was so salty and burned my tongue. After this experience and then reading some of the yelp reviews I will never ever order from here again.
1	Was looking for a dish I had with a white creamy sauce w/veggies but this is what I got - a gelatinous MESS! With all the Chinese options I'd try china gourmet or china 1 - they're much better  Or if you find yourself in china town (or China block lol) try pho Kim long (best pho)Joyful house or Sam woo ALLL GOOD!!
1	My partner and I were exhausted from a long day of work and really did not feel like cooking. Rather than order in we decided to take a drive and see what our options were. As we  pulled into subway we saw Ho Ho Ho Chinese gourmet. We had recognized the place from previously ordering delivery. We decided to order the family dinner A. Lemon chicken and general tso's chicken, hot and sour soup and chicken fried rice. The lemon chicken was breaded fried chicken with a yellow sauce on the side. It was dry, and far from lemon anything. The general tso's chicken was just ok, not real tasty, the hot and sour soup was not sour or hot it's greasy and slimy soup. Needless to say we are both still hungry and threw most of this meal in the trash. Should of went to Subway. We will not be returning and threw out all mailers for this sad excuse of a gourmet Chinese restaurant.
1	Do not come here this place does not care about your health or the risk of CEOs contamination the cook doesn't use gloves and grabs chicken beef and shrimp with the same hands
