1	This is the only entry on YELP for Page Family Practice, where Curtis Page is the Doctor.I tried several times to get an appointment with the Doctor and despite being told I had an appointment with the Doctor, I was only able to see one of the Physician Assistants.The staff seems incompetent based on that alone where multiple times (at least 4) assured me I would be seeing the actual Doctor.Basically wasted a lot of my time. Then, I had one blood test done that the PA had ordered, back in February and I got the results back then.All of a sudden, within the past 2 weeks, I have been receiving 2 - 3 calls DAILY from a 3rd party "message service" that doesn't identify themselves or who they are calling on behalf of. The message says "We have a message for you from 'YOUR DOCTOR' (how vague is that, I have a few Doctors) and asks for my social security number. Working in the financial field, I come across several phishing scams looking  to get personal information from people, and having it be such a vague message... if there is a message from my Doctor's office, they have my number, they can call me.After receiving call after call after call, it will not stop, I had to spend more of my time to find out what this was. It took some research to find out it was Page Family Practice with lab results....... that I already received... in FEBRUARY. This place just keeps getting better and better. Whatever happened to picking up a phone and calling a patient? We have spent our money, used our insurances, and spent our time to seek help from them, and they can't even make a personal phone call? Lord knows all the staff they have in their office, girls sitting on their ass texting on their cell phones and eating could handle that heavy work load of making a few calls. Jesus!This place is unorganized, the staff is not properly trained, and the Physician Assistants are unable to offer any real treatment. They told me, "OH well, for this you will need to see the Doctor.." ................ OMG I WAS TOLD I TOOK TIME OFF OF WORK BECAUSE I *WAS* SEEING THE DOCTOR!Stay away from this place. There are much better Doctors out there with zero hassle. You've been warned.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR OFFICE!!!!!!! LIARS! INCOMPETENT! THIEVES!!I can not even begin to express my dissatisfaction with this place. Let's start from the beginning. I have a history of sinus problems. I went to Dr. Page's office for a tension headache that I had for over a week. He explained it was a sinus infection, which I already knew, and prescribed antibiotics. I asked for something for the headache and was told the antibiotics would be enough and to take ibprouphen. Well it wasn't enough because my tension headache lasted another week straight. I did not go back to this doctor's office again. Nothing irritates me more than people who don't listen. If I tell you I have a history of sinus infections, obviously I will need something a little stronger than normal antibiotics. Now this, is not even the worst part of my story. When I left the doctors office I asked the woman at the front desk if my insurance had taken care of everything or if I needed to pay. She told me that my insurance took care of it all and I didn't owe any money. I asked her to double check. I ALWAYS ask them to double check. She assured me that my insurance had taken care of everything. This all happened over a year ago, and this morning I was woken up by a collections agency saying my account was sent to them by Dr. Pages office. The NERVE of this office! How dare you send me to a collections agency and tarnish my credit after you specifically told me I did not owe you money! It's not even an issue of money, I paid in full this morning. This "doctors office" will waste your time!! They are either liars or incompetent, but either way they are CROOKS!!!! and THIEVES!!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTORS OFFICE!!!!!!
5	I've been coming here for 12 years. The P.A.'s are fantastic. I will often see Julie and she will order enough tests to get the job done. Others may order every test imaginable. Dr. Curtis Page (son) and Dr. Robert Page (father) are the two doctors in the office. They are all competent and capable of diagnosing. I personally have never seen Robert Page, but Curtis Page is quick and intuitive when treating his patients. I have come to trust completely that they pick the best possible P.A.'s to treat their patients. It may be difficult to pin down The Doctors, but the P.A.'s are there to fill the space for a huge amount of patients, and when extreme diagnoses are not required. The other review on here seems to not trust P.A.s, but I ensure you they are competent and will refer you to the doctor if something is beyond their scope of treatment. They are not pill pushers, and when they do provide a drug it has always been something perfect for my needs.Sometimes they may take awhile, but they take their time with each patient. I would rather wait a little longer to see them, than be pushed out the door with a drug in hand. They used to guarantee fast service, but no longer do. They simply guarantee great healthcare.
1	I don't really want to get into it because I don't like saying a ton of negative things, but I really had an awful experience with this office.  A lot of my information was lost, my treatment was delayed, and I had a hard time actually talking to someone when I called.  However, there are obviously patients that really like this office and have had great experiences.  Over the course of a year, my experiences were just really not very good and I would not go back here.
3	Very busy place and usually a delayed time to see the doctor even if you have an appointment set.
2	It's with a heavy heart I'm writing this review. My husband I both have been patients here for several years. We love two if the PA's in this office, Brandy and Julie. And it's why I can't bring myself to give this place a one star rating. Those two truly care about you as a patient! But today was the second time we have been done wrong!This review, in no way, would ever slam the care received by either one if those ladies! But rather the front office scheduling and what has been deemed acceptable. Several months ago my husband left after waiting more than an hour, STILL waiting to be called back! We asked that they credit our already paid copay and the did. We figured it was a one time deal. But after today, we're done. We both went to an appointment that required both of us to be there which in turn required us to retain a babysitter. After 45 minutes of waiting we finally decided it was time to go. We didn't get called back. And we asked that our copay be returned because, well, let's be honest we had an appointment and we aren't returning. They expect us to show up and us, as a patient expect to be seen. We did after all have to make plans for a sitter and readjust our day, we expect the same respect in return. Like I said, I'm NOT slamming the care given by the Dr's and PA's but rather greatly disappointed in the front staff...
4	Being a new patient and having only been in a few times, my first impression was they answer the phones when you call and they are able to fit you in last minute. That was a big thing for me. My first visit, they got me back right away and the office was noticeably clean. Everyone was friendly. The other 2 times I've been in there, I was taken back WAY late (45 minutes after appt time). There was another patient waiting with me and he got up and walked out the door, but I really needed to see the doctor although I was on my lunch break. The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star review is because of the wait time, but it being a busy office, I understand. If you don't have patience to wait, this might be a problem for you. But once you get back there the PA's are great. I would say doctors, but I've never met them!
5	Today i had my first appointment at this practice and i met with Brandy the PA.   She is a fantastic PA, very knowledgeable and caring.  I was worried when I walked in the door at 8am that the wait would be long because the waiting room was packed; however, I was called back before I could even finish my paperwork.  I had my appointment scheduled for 8:15am, met with the nurse, the PA, had my blood drawn and was back at work by 9:30.
1	I simply cannot describe how bad my visit was. I can't judge whether Dr. Page is a great doctor, since wait time to see him is currently 2 months (!!!) - is this the VA?? However, my visit with Dr. Meadows was a complete disaster, and her treatment plan (or lack thereof) was described as "absurd" by the next doctor to see me.Save your health, sanity and money and go elsewhere.
2	Wait time here is ridiculous. I even had an appointment. If this place wasn't so close to my house I would never come here. The only good thing I have to say about this place is that when I called this morning they did have a late appointment available but I think that's because everyone who comes here ends up not returning. They must have a high customer turn over rate.
1	This review is for Page Family Practice, not Dr. Curtis Page himself. I would like to point out that when you book your appointment online, you likely will not be booking with the doctor your requested, but one of the 8 that work between the 2 locations. Please avoid this office at all costs. Although Dr. Foust was extremely knowledgable and I felt he could really help me, the process for the follow up appointment has not been worth it at all. I am currently on-hold, and have been for 13 minutes. This happens every time I call, with no other way to contact them besides physically going there. I can't imagine what it's like to get a refill request.To sum up my experience, I went and got a full blood test done over 3 weeks ago. I was told 7-10 business days to get results back, and it has been well over that. I called many times over the course of 3 weeks (waiting 20 mins each time)  to see if my results were in, but they said they would call the lab and then call me back (which never happened). They also didn't tell me when my results were in, or to call me before my appointment to tell me that their electronic faxes weren't working. So they had my results back but their equipment wouldn't let them view it. When I did finally go in, they had no records of my first visit, so I had to repeat everything I had previously discussed with the doctor. They wanted to take a blood sample again, but failed to do so after trying 4 times.If you need to go for a physical or something that is not an important issue, this place may work for you. Otherwise I highly suggest going anywhere else.
2	Disclaimer: I have a chronic but undiagnosed autoimmune condition, so my situation is more complicated than the average client. If you're coming here for something trivial like a check-up or cold medicine you're probably fine.That said, the first two times I saw Brandi and she was kind and sympathetic. She was uncomfortable with the doses of prednisone she was prescribing, however, and referred me to (Curtis) Page. Cue the worst doctor experience I have ever had in my life (and I have had a LOT of experiences with new doctors):Within a few moments of me trying to explain a complicated 10+ year medical history, he seemed to have already developed a diagnosis in his head. He was dismissive and rude, and almost flat-out refused to give me the prescription I needed, favoring instead medicine that I explained I've tried before and hadn't had enough of an effect.  He finally gave in to prescribing prednisone, "2 refills or whatever she wants" and stormed out like he lost an argument. Which is good because at that point I was already in tears and was just relieved to have ann opportunity to cry in peace. I can't remember the last time, if ever, that a doctor visit made me cry.He also had two medical students with him. I was never asked for my preference on whether they were in the room or not. This is one of the few times I would have wished they weren't there actually. All I can hope is they don't pick up his bedside manner.
2	I saw a specialist who told me I needed to a  primary ASAP after getting test results. I was only able to meet with the PA never saw the MD. She dismissed the test results the specialist ran and told me  that she would check for autoimmune markers that might be indicative of neuropathy. It took almost 3 weeks of calling to get test results back. It wasn't even the PA that called to give me the results. I was told my blood sugar was dangerously low and just to avoid simple sugars. No follow up. This was the complete opposite of a glucose tolerance test in which blood sugar was 181. I will be looking for a practice in which I can see an MD.
2	This review is for Paige Family Practice, not for the doctor. I found this place from my insurance website and was calling for the doctor to do a physical. When I got here, I was very swiftly looked over by the PA. To be fair she did add on additional blood tests when I mentioned my concerns, so that's good.The follow up visit to draw blood was terrible. I'd made an appointment, and still had to wait almost 30 minutes. There wasn't that many people at the practice, so I don't know if they're just inefficient or what.I was only able to obtain my test results by calling them a dozen times. Don't bother calling them, they will not answer. I will be looking for another doctor.
1	Very disappointing office. Front office staff was rude to me, then made me drive to a different office location because of a scheduling error. I saw a PA, not a doctor, who did absolutely nothing to help/diagnose with why I went into the office in the first place. No transparency from administration at all about costs/billing, and when I called to inquire about my account about a month after my visit, was shuffled around on the phone and on hold for 20 minutes before someone finally answered my questions. Found this office on ZocDoc, never going back to them again.Update to my review...just got off the phone after 2 hours of back and forth with my insurance and this god awful doctors office. A flu shot  here costs $106 and a useless visit with a PA costs $276...NEVER, EVER, EVER GO TO THIS OFFICE! oh and if you do happen to get someone on the phone after waiting for 30+ minutes, they will be rude. Crystal and Priscilla, this is directed to you.
1	This is a review for Page Family Practice. I didn't actually get to see Dr. Curtis, but I would recommend seeking a medical provider elsewhere. I was trying to find a primary care doctor in the area for an annual physical, and I used ZocDoc.com to search and schedule. I found Dr. Curtis Page of Page Family Practice. He was a Harvard Medical School graduate and there seemed to be enough positive reviews about him.  I followed the link and filled out all of my medical history forms online to save time. My scheduled appointment was canceled a week after I had set it. The office called to tell me that they could still see me on the same day. They told me that all of the online forms I had filled out would not be able to be used, so come early to fill out the exact same paperwork. I arrived 15 minutes early, as suggested, but ended up waiting an additional 30 minutes to be seen. I was not seen by an actual physician. She did not address any concerns relating to an annual physical, just drew blood for kidney & liver tests. She checked my ears, checked my nose I had an additional issue that I was worried about. She asked me a few questions, then referred me to three other doctors and I was on my way. The only thing she did try to do was goad me into having a pap smear with their offices. Luckily, I have a OB/GYN who I love. My time spent in the room with this supposed medical professional was about 10 minutes. My waiting time in the room was much longer.  I left  knowing that I would not return to this practice because I did not feel that I was adequately attended to. When I received the bill in the mail, it showed that I had a 45min. plus new patient appointment (and not even with an actual doctor), which cost significantly more than an annual physical through my insurance.  I called to the office to discuss and the office manager ( who also had the last name Page, probably through marriage) was not in the office. I asked the person on the phone, "what service did I have if I didn't have an annual physical?" He said that I could still come in and have another physical (????) I was able to leave a message. It took about 10 business days for this woman to return my message. Granted it was around the time of Thanksgiving and she did leave a voicemail where she did apologize that it took so long to return my call. I decided it was better not to waste my time dealing with the overall incompetency of this office and just paid the bill.  I should also note that the majority of patients were older about 65+. My guess is that this practice provides minimum care to just keep the Medicaid/Medicare checks coming in from the retirement set.....just the impression I had.
