5	We switched to this day care about 4 months ago with our two boys. My first impression was how colorful and cheerful the facility looks from the outside. I like that there are multiple entrys/exits for the parking lot.  The building is well lit and I really like that the front door is locked with a keypad entry.Once inside it is decorated in all the different kids' art. There is a great big room, about the length of the building, that all the kids are in in the morning and evenings with a tv, lots of toys and a gaming console. As all the children and teachers arrive they sort out into age appropriate classrooms. In the classrooms each child has a cubbie, a sleeping mat, a hook and classwork folder the can use. Breakfast, snacks and lunch are all provided. I do have one picky eater and they are great about giving him his own lunch. My other son had a dietary restriction and they were great about working with that as well! And they also offer potty training assistance.There are also 3-4 seperated playground areas with loys of toys. During summer there is a weekly water day with a huge inflated bouncy water slide that gets professionally set up for all the kids to go on no extra fees!  Also if your interested in extracurricular activities like gymnastics on Fridays the Tumble Bus comes and for a seperate fee you can sign your kids up to tumble. I like that the gym comes to the school.One of the main reasons we decided to switch to this school was due to their use of the Saxon Curriculum. I've seen huge jumps in cognitive learning with both my 2 yr old and 4 yr old!  Also the prices here are very competitive to other daycares in the area and we've switched several parents on to this place. We love the atmosphere  of the place, the owner is very involved. She's very friendly and you can tell she loves the kids. The teachers are kind and patient and really do care. I really can not say enough good things about Kids Garden Academy my husband and I love this place!
5	I Absolutely love KIDS GARDEN  it my daughter Kelis (2yrs) second home, I'm a first time single mother, that works all the time, so I had to find a place to where I could trust to take care of my daughter, for 10hrs each day. The owner Cheryl, I LOVE HER!!!! And her staff especially LAKETHA. They have helped me thru motherhood on tips how tip how to handle many different situation with Kelis, I had trouble potty training her on my own Cheryl and her staff had my baby potty trained within 2 weeks, I love that any change u go thru with your lil ones u tell Cheryl an her staff does there best to grant your request , everyday they give me a daily report so I noe what she did for the day, what she ate, and how many times she took bathroom breaks and I keep that same schedual at home and on our off days to keep her on schedual, this place is so awesome , it's like if ABC MOUSE had a school, this would be it, my daughter has learned so much it amazes me, I really appreciate how Cheryl runs her center it makes me Confident that my child will be ready for her school years once it's time. Call check it out an sign up!!!!!
5	I love kids garden because the wonderful staff treats my 5 kids like family. When I first came I was nervous about leaving my infant twins but the staff reassured me that every thing was going to be fine. I really love this childcare because they really interact with the kids. My kids really enjoy going to this childcare. The director Cheryl really is wonderful. She really listens to you and your child/ children needs. She is a all around positive person. I am so blessed to have this child care in our community.
5	We have had 2 previous experience w/2 other different Daycares. But nothing compared to this one!!! Since yhu set foot in the daycare they greet yhu w/ a great smile and make yhu feel welcome. It always has a pleasent smell and always looks clean. I love the way that everything is arrange by age group ( the classrooms, playgrounds). They run the day by schedule. Ever since my 4 yr old Daughter  attends this daycare she has learned alot of songs and already started to recognize her letters. I also have 2 other school age children and they had a great experience this summer their, they enjoyed the field trips to crystal palace and chuck e cheese and specially the water slided days. As a mother wht i really like is that Sherrol the Director of the Daycare takes time to speak to the parents and help us with any conserns that we might have, which in those to other places my children attentant never happened. Overall my children enjoy attending this daycare, and meh as a singel mother a feel that my children are in a clean and secure place while im working... Truly recommend this Daycare!!!
