5	I had a great experience! It wasn't my first time in this environment, but I got my first spray tan. Ashley was fantastic to work with. She was so sweet and patient with me. She took the time to explain the process and make me feel comfortable. This location is convenient, never overcrowded and very clean. I definitely will be back.
4	I love this location mainly because of Robin! she is always friendly and goes above and beyond in customer service. she is very friendly and is always consistant! she gives my tanning experience and extra thumbs up!!! thanks Robin
5	I am a very loyal customer. I started coming a few months ago and quickly became a member. Robin is amazing! She walked me thru everything and made me feel right at home. I will NOT tanning anywhere else in Las Vegas now for sure.
5	My experience this afternoon at body heat was the best I've had to date, thanks to Anthony (I think he said Martinez was his last name?) But he was incredibly helpful. I use to work at the tan factory years ago when I was in high school, and they held every salon to a 5 star standard. Unfortunately, since tan factory was bought out by body heat, most locations have disappointed. Most of the girls (and guys) that work at body heat are rude, know basically nothing about their products, or even the beds themselves; levels, UVA/UVB strength, etc.. I've kept my membership because body heat has the best tanning beds in Las Vegas, with a ton of convenient locations, some open 24 hrs! And today I'm happy I did..I was experiencing some technical difficulties to say the least. Because today is half price, single session Sundays, so naturally I upgrade to the FGT. Holly, originally helped me out. And she was sweet. But a little more concerned about leaving than restarting my bed. So Anthony stepped in and saved the day! He happily restarted my bed, apologized, and just gave great all around service. He's the best body heat employee I've encountered. I'll be back every single session sunday, only on his shift though! You rock Anthony!
