5	Bodyheat is the best place to get unlimited spray tan. Instabronze is amazing! It doesn't turn orange and gives you a natural looking tan. They also have regular tanning booths but due to my fair, redheaded complexion, I try to stay out of the sun. The staff is awesome (Yay Rachel, Alicia and Sarah!). They are always so adorable with my kids and give them a sticker every time. The prices aren't too bad either ($65 for the unlimited spray tan package). Would definitely suggest this place for all you sun worshipers and people who just want a bit of color in their complexion.
4	Abused my skin with daily visits here in the weeks leading up to my vacation so that I wouldn't burn to a crisp on the Mediterranean coast. It worked.There's a good variety of beds here including stand-up tanners so you can alter up your tanning routine. Everything is clean and in good condition. Staff is fine. Ready to answer any questions you might have and friendly enough.No complaints about this place other than the prices, but tanning in general is a pretty high markup racket. Just be sure to get your lotions elsewhere.I will likely be back here in the spring before heading to Miami.
4	I've been to three different stores and everyone is always so friendly!! At one store they even remember who I am. It's great!!?
4	Came here after planet beach showed its true colors (see my review) and everyone was incredibly nice. I chose to sign up for 10months of auto deduct since I've been tanning consistently for 5 years, not a problem. No initiation, prorated dues so I could start immediately, 3 locations that are 24 hours and it's around the corner from my house. Thumbs up, thank you to whomever signed me up- so sweet:)
4	After hearing the radio commercials for Bodyheat Tanning I decided to give spray tanning a try. I was quickly told the pricing options and I decided to buy the 10 month unlimited spray tan for around 60$ per month. A bit pricey, but in the end I think I am paying for the convenience. Sure I could buy the do it myself tanning lotions, but the overall accuracy of the machine makes it worth every penny. The store is clean and there is hardly ever a wait. I rarely see the same employees working there, but check in is speedy and there is no real need to interact with them. Parking can be a challenge because the area is rather busy. I have received many compliments on my skin and I know that I am getting the tan I desire without sacrificing time by laying out or causing unwanted wrinkles.
1	Communication isn't this company's strong point. The employees are misinformed as to company rules, that or they purposely cheat you out of ever dollar. Regardless of if you are a high paying client or long term patron. They have a monopoly in Vegas with having the most abundant of locations but I highly recommend the extra drive to another salon.
