4	Best veggie in town! Small, dark, and cavernous is made up for by trendy (really cool art on the walls), retro, and delicious. Menu spans black bean burritos to curry-infused soups; everything is excellent. They have a limited, but creative, beer selection. Someday I'll write a full review.
2	UPDATE, FEBRUARY 2013: I was pretty disappointed with my most recent experience here. I used to love JB as evidenced below, but maybe things aren't managed as well as they used to be. The waitress focused solely on an 8-top and ignored my two-person table for over 35 minutes. It might have gone on longer but we left at that point, in favour of the sublime DVLB. The large table was disruptive, noisy and acted like high schoolers (men wearing neon bras over their clothes) and made the entire place way too loud. No one asked them to keep it down. After two rounds of drinks, we would have liked to order appetizers and more cocktails, but we were completely forgotten. Not sure when I'll be back to JB. OLD REVIEW, 2012: Man, I love this place. The food is fresh and lovely, from an amazing veggie menu that offers something for everyone. I love their drinks, too, especially the Sweet Jane and the Calamity Jane. The servers are friendly and not pushy, which I like, and you can have a nice drink with some snacks for a good price.
4	This place is delightful. I was here on a visit to Waterloo and I wanted to bring it back home with me to Halifax.  I didn't get to try the food - but I really dug hanging out here for a glass of wine. Wine selection was pretty good, service was great and the decor and music were all kinds of my jam. I'll definitely stop by again on my next trip.
5	Jane Bond is my go to bar in Waterloo, hell I'm hesitant to review it for fear it will get busier but it's such a quality place they deserve the business. Jane Bond is what I call the 'hipster' bar of Waterloo. What I mean by that is that it's got the different and creative atmosphere I look for in a bar and the unique crowd to match that make life interesting. On top of this the food is actually fantastic and they feature a unique selection of beer on tap and in the bottle. The bar tenders and wait staff are always super friendly and helpful and the DJ is always dropping some great indie tracks. If you want to get away from the douchey culture of many of the other bars in Waterloo and immerse yourself in a fun and interesting place with neat people and good food and drinks then give Jane Bond a try.
5	I think I've found a new favourite in Uptown Waterloo.I went here with a friend of mine a week or two ago as I'm in my final year at Waterloo, and I've decided to be adventurous and try all those places I didn't even know about in 1st year.  I'm now sad to discover I could have been indulging in this place for years, but alas - better late than never!The place itself isn't lots to look at - it's cute, quaint, but it has character.  The staff were extremely friendly and welcomed any questions about the menu.  I ordered the eggplant parmesan and a water (I was driving, so I'll have to revamp my review once I try one of their cocktails!).  I've had eggplant parmesan before, but I'd say this is probably the best I've had - if not then definitely top three.  Served as a sandwich, it was super flavourful and came with the marinara sauce on the side which I loved as I'm not a fan of soggy bread!The place itself was quiet as we were there on a Tuesday night around 7pm, way before the bar crowd would get there.  If you're looking for a quiet dinner then I'd say come around that time, and stay tuned for part two once I check out their cocktail menu!
2	Really cool local place which truly engages the charm of uptown Waterloo... I only wish the staff inherited the same virtues. Upon arriving and taking a seat, the waiter came over for us to only assume, take our order. Instead we were greeting my snarky remarks and a demand for our id. As someone who has watched uptown grow and strive this was not my ideal impression of an establishment I had such high hopes for.
2	I admit their food is great, and it's a cool place to hang out. However, maybe this is due to some of the recent fame and attention that they've received but their attitude towards customers have changed! My friend and I went in, hoping to enjoy their yummy food, but once we stepped in, no one greeted us. And about 2-3 minutes of awkwardly standing around in this tiny restaurant, a man came to us and said: "You're probably not going to be able to eat here, but for how many?" we replied "For two please" then we got the rudest reply I've ever heard, "Ehhh- Not gonna happen! Sorry"In a very demeaning tone. Anyways, I really do hope their service improves. There is nothing cool about being pretentious to customers.
5	One of my favourite places. Food is bursting with flavour and the beer selection is amazing. SO MANY GOOD BEERS. So many. And so much good food.  Oh man.
4	I love it here. Their drinks are delicious and food is super tasty. I love the cauliflower curry. The cashew burger was okay, it was tasty but a little dry and falls apart pretty easily. My SO always gets the eggplant parm-- their little side of marinara that goes with the sandwich is always finished clean. I can't remember the names of the drinks I've enjoyed so far but the ones that come in a pitcher are dangerous! Can't tell that there's any alcohol in it ;)
