5	Belle Melange is a new-er salon in Ahwatukee.  Thoughtful details and excellent technique make this place my favorite salon.  I moved out of state, but will only allow Shaunte at Belle Melange to cut and color my uncooperative fine hair - so my hair must wait for my trips to AZ!    I followed Shaunte (the owner of Belle Melange) from another salon in Phoenix, and I am thrilled she has created such a beautiful, full-service, top notch salon!  They offer a full range of services, from hair to skin to nails and even recently added a masseur.  The environment of the salon is excellent, but nothing compares to the actual services you receive there - In the past, I've paid up to $400 for a good cut and color at other salons and have not received nearly the quality services I receive from Belle Melange.  Belle Melange is very reasonable for the expert service you receive.  I always go in with a vague idea of what I want and Shaunte has the vision and skill to see what works well with my hair to bring out the best in it.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	I brought my four year old daughter in for her first salon hair cut. The salon is clean and beautifully decorated. All of the people that worked there were super nice. My daughter's hair cut turned our perfectly - wonderful job! I will definitely go back again.
5	My experience with Belle Melange was fabulous. I came in on my birthday and Shaunte too care of me right away. The salon is one the nicest I have seen and the service in remarkable. The entire staff is friendly and it appears that they make sure they do no overlap any appointments so that no one is ever kept waiting for any services. Oh did I mention that my hair turned out fabulous! Thank you Shaunte! I will definitely be back.
1	After searching for months for a stylist I went to Belle Melange.   The owner Shaunte actually cut and styled my hair.  I'm not sure if she was in a hurry that day but I was NOT happy with the cut that I got and I am still very disappointed at how uneven and unmanageable my hair is--and the price tag was not cheap.  Needless to say I now have more work to do to get my hair back in shape.  I can certainly say that I WILL NOT be back nor will I recommend this salon to anyone I know.
4	What a nice local salon! Belle Melange reminds me of the small neighborhood salons I grew up with on the east coast.Everyone was very friendly, the place is clean and I have a good haircut. The prices at Belle Melange are very reasonable too. I'll be going there again, hopefully I finally found the right salon for me in AZ!
4	My history with hair salons has been abysmal...dare I say, TRAGIC.  Any other time, somehow I wind up either looking like Tootie (from Facts of Life) or some really old woman from a 70's sit-com (neither of those looks are flattering on me).  In fact, I believe I have only been happy TWO times after getting my hair done at a salon. Yesterday, that TWO got bumped up to THREE times! Thank you soooooo much Deja! I went in for a hair consultation a few weeks ago and met with Deja to discuss what I would like to have done to my hair and set up my appointment. Yesterday I arrived at my appointment and from the time I got there to the time I left, I think she and the other people in the salon had me laughing about 90% of the time (the other 10% I was gasping for air from laughing so hard). What a great group of people! *Side Note: And I think it's a wonderful thing when stylists don't have overlapping appointments so that a two hour appointment turns into ten hours because two hands can only do so much! I can't even BEGIN to tell you how much I appreciated being the only scheduled client for that time slot.*And as for my hairstyle, I have NEVER been more pleased! I LOVE IT! And even after sleeping on it, I woke up this morning and I loved it (I wasn't even sure this was possible) EVEN MORE THAN YESTERDAY! I'm a happy camper and don't believe I will go anywhere else. I have finally found somewhere that my tresses feel safe from harm and I don't have to worry about walking out of the salon looking like like one of the Super Mario Brothers mushroom people.
5	I have been going to Belle Melange Salon since March 6 of this year.  I remember the date only cause J and I had a cake tasting right around the corner and I came into the salon bearing gifts (10 cupcakes from the tasting).  That and it was the day before my girl E's birthday.  E ended up with the cupcakes.  LOLI first learned about Belle from fellow reviewer and my MOH, Ebony K!  And if anyone knows the salon/hair care industry, its E!  So, when she stated she had a hair appointment that saturday, I jumped at the chance to get my own appointment at the same time.  I too as another reviewer stated, have a tragic history with hair salons (last relaxer done in 2000, which ended in a chemical hair cut...my hair was fried!  I was traumatized.  My hair went from the middle of my back to 2 inches long), so I was glad E was there too.  J was dropping me off and E was running late.  Call me a scardy cat, but I DID NOT want to go in without E.  I call up E and she tells me everyone there is wonderful and friendly and to go in.  I put on my big girl panties and get out of J's car and head inside.  I walk in and the salon is incredibly nice looking.  I am greeted and have a seat while I wait for my stylist, Jessica.  In the end, my hair turned out wonderful (I walked out with it still on my head!) and I was very pleased!  I knew I'd return.  Fast forward to this past Friday.  I have been going every month to get my hair styled and in shape (cut/condition), and to ultimately have my hair done for my wedding in November.  I usually get a call the day before to confirm my appointment, but I didnt get one this time.  So I called them.  Turns out, my stylist was no longer working there and it had been a mere oversight with calling me to inform me.  Okay, no worries.  But EEK at my stylist being gone (I was bringing in my veil and wedding jacket so we could get an idea on styles that would work). Thankfully, everyone there at the salon are awesome stylists.  I was able to book with Deja, so I did.  My hair turned out EVEN better with Deja doing it!  After she finished, we talked about styles for the wedding.  I put on my jacket and she said...I think I know what I'm going to do.  AWESOME!  In a sense, it was fate that my old stylist left (she didnt have a clue for my day of style) and I was able to rebook with Deja.  She has a game plan for a few styles we are going to do for my Trial Run.  I'm excited to see what my hair looks like for the wedding!  In the end, if I'm trusting someone to do my hair for an important day like my wedding, they've GOT to be good!  Deja is and I couldn't be happier to be working with her!
5	I can not say enough positive things about Belle Melange Salon and the outcome of my wedding day hairstyle.  My hair looked amazing (Photos linked to business)!!  As a matter of fact, ALL my bridesmaids hairstyles looked amazing!!  I received a card from the owner, Shaunte, a few days ago thanking me for allowing them to take part in my wedding day beauty plans.  Cost for wedding trial and day of style - $100.00 (not including tip)It doesn't get any better than that ladies!!  :)  So if you're looking for a salon for your wedding hairstyle, or heck just a salon (its multi-cultural) to go to in general....go visit Shaunte and the crew at BELLE!
5	Seriously this salon rocks. I introduced my girl Jill C. there way back when she was looking for a new salon along with a potential salon for her wedding updo. I told her that they would take good care of her and not only did Shaunte and Deja make her looking absolutely stunning on her wedding day, Deme and the rest of the ladies made sure that us ladies in the wedding party looked fantastic too. Every time someone ask me where I get my hair done, I let them know Belle Melange is where I go and it is where you should go to. Speaking of which I need to make another appointment asap!
1	The stylist at this salon doesn't know ethnic hair,otherwise she wouldn't of trimmed so much hair off when it was straightened.  She should know that when the hair goes back to its original state of curly that the hair will now be very short.
5	This is the only place I will go. Demi helped me grow my hair out after too many relaxers had broken some areas off. Now my hair is long and healthy and relaxer free :) I go here for cuts, deep conditioning and styles for special events and am always pleased with the results. I love having someone I can trust with my unusual and difficult hair (biracial). I am excited to try their agave smoothing treatment in a few weeks!
5	I heard about this salon from Kiana in our natural hair group on Facebook after she posted pics of how awesome her hair looked. I decided to check them out. I haven't been to a salon in 9 years so I was crazy nervous. The ladies there are hella nice and know their stuff. Shaunte is the stylist who did my wash/conditioner and trim. She is also the owner. I have been natural for 2+ years and she treated my hair very well. I was shocked to see how long it really was. She didn't get trim happy either, she only cut about 1/2 inches off and it felt & looked awesome! They get you in and out there is no sitting around for a whole day at Belle Melange. This is a HUGE plus for me!I took my mom there before Christmas and they took good care of her hair too. I am a mama's girl so if you can make her happy, you get major kuddos from me!The appearance of the salon is clean, the restroom is pretty, very spa like. They have nice music playing and there is NO and I mean NO catty mess popping off in there. No drama at all, nothing but good energy. I will not be going to any other salon as long as Belle Melange is in the valley!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS SALON!  SEE MY PROFILE PIC- Its a sample of Shaunte's work.    Not only does Shaunte know how to work with all hair types but she is a true visionary, she does the mental mapping of your style before she gets started as opposed to thinking about it as she goes along.  She executes with precision and she takes her time . What I also find important is cross checking, she cross checks in each direction, section by tiny section.  She has made a family of new clients ,hopefully for a long time to come.
5	I just moved from Eugene, OR to Ahwatukee.  After reading reviews and seeing the photos that were posted I went directly to the website and asked to be contacted to schedule a consultation with Shaunte.  I  recieved a phone call that next day to schedule.  Upon entering the salon I was welcomed graciously.  Shaunte was there to greet me, ready to consult.  She immediately understood what I desired and I scheduled an appointment for a cut and color the next day!  I'm thrilled to report that I have found a "hair" home!  I absolutely love everything she did...even how she styled it!   I have two daughters 9 & 7...they're going in next week.
4	I have very curly, frizzy, long and thick Jewish girl hair. I loved the salon I went to growing up, and have pretty much been searching for a good stylist since college. Some cuts were more tragic than others. After a traumatic, dowdy mom-do, I decided to stop cutting my hair and just get trims only when necessary. Fast forward 4 years and my hair was nasty and ugly and decided it was time for a new trim. Not too much off because of course I've been traumatized. Booked an appointment based on the yelp reviews at Belle Melange. When I walked in I was greeted by Angela and felt really comfortable with her...so I did the unthinkable and let her cut a style into my locks. I walked out of the salon feeling confident for the first time in a while and I have never had so many compliments on a haircut! Looks awesome curly or straight and the price was right too. Update: I visited the salon in July 2013 as they were changing over from Belle Melange to the Salon at Lefty's, and I don't know if they will continue to cut all hair types. It was a great cut, but I found another salon that focuses specifically on my type of curls. Star deducted for atmosphere. It was tucked away in a back room - definitely not something I'm used to or comfortable with.
5	I recently moved here from New York and my hair has had the hardest adapting to the dry Arizona Climate.  I saw Angela at the salon and she gave me the best deep conditioning, scalp massage, and style ever.  She is extremely knowledgeable and makes me feel comfortable.
5	I think I first learned of this place when my sister gave me a coupon to come here.  We've been here one other time since then and will come back.My daughter is 1/2 Chinese and 1/2 Black, which makes for very interesting hair.  Her brother has the smooth textured hair with giant ringlets, while my daughter has super tight curls and very course hair.It has been awful trying to find someone that knows how to work with her hair, but this is the place.  My daughter's hair has several different textures of hair and they were able to work with her hair, get it straightened out without putting harsh chemicals in it.  It's only temporarily straightened.  They showed us how to straighten her hair and put big ringlet curls in it.  Granted, they do this all day long and know how, so it takes us a lot longer.  The person we had the 2nd time, which I can't remember her name right now, did a great job at instructing us and even let me take video of her doing my daughter's hair.Now my daughter does her own hair and it's saved me a ton of stress.  We'll be back later this year.  Thanks for the wonderful job you do!
4	I usually don't write reviews but reading the ones on this site helped me decide where to go, so I'm paying it forward. I haven't been to a traditional salon in FOREVER but I wanted to get a haircut and I didn't think my Dominican salon could handle it.  The salon is located in the back of the barber shop so you have to walk through it to get to the chairs.  Didn't feel weird at all though, all the guys were super friendly.  I booked a consultation first to make sure I would feel comfortable putting my hair in their hands. There were two ladies there, I showed them what I was thinking and they walked me through what the style would actually look like on my head.  They were very welcoming, I felt like I had known them forever.  Not the same experience I've had at salons in the past where nobody smiles and you feel like you're interrupting their lunch.  In the end I felt comfortable enough to make an appointment and I'm going back in a few hours!  Only negative was that they tried to talk me into getting a weave, or pieces, idk.  It's just not my thing. Other than that it's a positive environment all around and I'm looking forward to seeing how my haircut comes out!
5	I brought my 8 year old daughter to Salon Ambiance and she walked out of there feeling beautiful and confident. She was treated like royalty and the whole time there I kept seeing nothing but smiles and giggles coming from her little face. I highly recommend Salon Ambiance.
