3	Pretty good restaurant.  The decor is very nice, you walk in and the floor is see through plexi-glass with fish swimming under your feet.  The sushi was good.  It is just a bit too pricey for the good but not fantastic food.  It is a unique combination of French and Japanese tastes.  Worth a try but be prepared to spend Vegas Strip prices.
5	Our favorite eatery in the area. Has a nice sushi menu in addition to a variety of Euro-Asian style dishes. The Garlic Noodles are to die for and the Baja rivals the yellowtail jalapeno dish from Nobu's. A very nice Asian inspired ambiance and a nice jazz band on Saturday's night.
2	I went here to a birthday party for a relative, so it was a catered-type menu, with choices for each course...so I can't speak to the regular menu, but I did get to try 3 different entree's, 3 different appetizers, a soup, a salad...y'know, we were family so there was a lot of plate-passing. The place was very busy, but honestly, I didn't get it. They seem to rely on the easiest routes to flavor....salt, sugar, and lots and lots and lots of garlic in everything. This side of my family is the Italian side, and the unanimous opinion was....too much garlic. So that should tell you something.  Like I said, you could put salt, sugar, and garlic in a plate of sawdust and people would eat it, but I did look at the menu, and I would expect a chef to try a little harder at those prices. The garlic noodles, while aptly named and their "signature dish",  frankly I couldn't eat more than a bite or two. A big bowl of starchy noodles with lots of oil and garlic. I could make that at home a lot better for 1/10th the price. The soup was a "ginger-ravioli and mushroom" soup that crossed the line that is so easy to cross when cooking with ginger, into tasting  like Pledge furniture polish. There were California rolls and Beef Satay type appetizers that were also, uninspiring. The decor was groovy, as noted below, with the stream flowing under a plexiglass floor and up through some plexiglass tables, and the bar was nice...I ordered a whiskey on the rocks, and the bartender was generous and prompt. The bar was populated with well-dressed attractive people doing their best, so I suppose if I was a 32 year old PI attorney chasing tail I might go there for a drink to see what was crackin'. But I ain't. So I won't.I'm also glad that I got to try the place on someone else's dime, but, I feel bad that a relative took that hit. The place was busy, though, so obviously not everyone feels the same way I did. Everyone at my table did, though.
3	Restaurant is located outside of the LV Strip on the way to Summerlin. It's owned by the same family who run Thanh Long and Crustacean in San Francisco. I came here with my family for dinner to celebrate my sister's graduation from culinary school over a year ago. Best part of the night was running into some folks that I had not seen since college. The dishes here are way OVERPRICED! I just remember the large buddha statue in front, the floor aquariums,  and the nifty tables..which were very cool. But, alas.. the food was not to die for. Skip the sushi and stick with the main menu. The Spicy Crab and Coconut Shrimp Lettuce Wraps were tasty. But, the crab and lobster entrees did not impress me. My brother ordered a few rounds of drinks for everyone. My lemon drop was okay.  I doubt I will ever come back unless someone else is forking the bill. =P
4	Hannah's is one of those places you drive by and say...hmmm looks interesting. One of my good friend's introduced me to that place New Year's Eve. I spent with a small close knit group where we drank, and waited for the stupid ball to drop. The food I had was complimentary. Sushi was pretty average. The Garlic noodles are definitely great. When you walk in, the decor is pretty modern/asian with a plexiglass floor. A couple tables have running water through the plexiglass. I mean it's a great concept. Not too practical though. Their specialty is this crab dish that I saw kept being pushed around. It was New Year's. I wasn't trying to get smelly. The patio area is pretty cool. I like the whole cabana feel like there's a pool nearby. Drinks are definitely good. It is kinda pricey. Never dealt much with it because my friend Davey DJ's there on Mondays. They give away a free bottle for the company that brings in the most people. Definitely good times. Great fusion food. Atmosphere is friendly. Definitely worth a trip to check out.
4	omakase onegaishimasu--the way to go here.  we had dinner and drinks at the sushi bar with chef saito, who used to own a restaurant in santa monica but moved to lv a few months ago.  the fish is unbelievably fresh and watching him slice and prepare the sushi was a treat.  very talented with the knife. and i liked the combinations of flavors--very little of tonight's dinner required soy sauce and wasabi, although there was that and other dipping sauces.  he was very conscious about what our likes and dislikes were, our friend ate everything with fervor, my girlfriend was smitten and hey, he must've been good, because i ate oysters and mackerel and avocados.  i hate avocados.  also had their dimsum appetizer, which was flavorful and cutely presented, and their shaken beef plate, which i would guess is bulgogi on a bed of spinach with potatoes and sauteed onions.  enjoyable, but if you're there for sushi, don't fill up on the beef.expensive? you betcha.  but since we were treated to this dinner, i'd say it was a great experience--only 4 stars because their martinis aren't the greatest...
3	This place is overpriced, yes, but at least it's better than the nearby PF Changs.All of the food I've had at Hannah's is passably good, no real reason to complain at least.  They manage to make a pretty decent reproduction of the Yellowtail with Jalepeno dish that you can find at NOBU (which is the world-class sushi restaurant located at the Hard Rock) -- however, this particular dish is pretty much the only reason I ever go.The atmosphere is kind of neat, though.  They have water running under see-through tiles on the floor, and also have aquarium-like glass stuctures that act as tables.
2	Located in Boca Park on Rampart Boulevard, Summerlin. This upscale Vietnamese, multimillion dollar restaurant is drop dead gorgeous with beautiful art work displayed throughout, a waterfall and fish swimming under a section of the floor. We were under time constraints so we decided to pass on appetizers and salads. I ordered the grilled tiger prawns served with their famous garlic noodles. My wife's entre - Mama's ginger steamed sea bass served with fresh ginger, shitake mushrooms and scallions was on the bland side. Overall we loved the restaurant's dcor as well as the service, but felt the food was slightly disappointing given the MSRP on the menu.
4	This place was pretty good, but it's now closed.  Rather, a different restaurant opened up in its place.  Goodbye, Hannah's.
1	hannah's is closed...its been closed a few years now...too bad, they had the best garlic noodles  :(
