3	My mother loves this place.  As such, she asks me to meet her here often.  Since I love both my mother and their potato cheese soup, I go.I imagine that at some point most everyone's ended up at a Marie Callender's.  And we all know this - the food is pretty good.  I could live off of the aforementioned potato cheese soup and cornbread alone for quite some time and be completely happy.  Their turkey croissant club is always fresh and tasty.  And their pies are pretty much unparalleled for pies you can purchase which is why going here the day before Thanksgiving or Christmas is a bad idea, lines out the wazoo.But they are so.  ridiculously.  slow.  It should not take 2 hours to complete a meal consisting of soup and a sandwich.  If it's a leisurely afternoon I don't mind so much, but if I have things to do I get awfully antsy.  I know Marie lived to be an old lady but, man, pick up the pace already.
3	I travel to Henderson for work, and when I have the time I love to have a meal here -- the food is good, there are healthy options, and there are some very delicious unhealthy options, too.I like their dinner size salads when I'm thinking "healthy options" -- they are very cooperative about preparing things as requested.  And there is nothing quite like their pot roast for "comfort food."And that pie.  Oh my goodness.  Let's not talk about that marvelous pie.Like I said, healthy and other options.  Slow food.  Good food.  And Pie.
2	I have decided not to go there again.  It's a chain that's totally west coast, so as a native west coaster, I've been going there for decades.  BUT the service is crap!  Every time we go it's a hassle.  It's a hassle to get the attention of the host.  It's a hassle to order your food.  They don't know who the check goes to as they passed around some poor guy's credit card to three tables b/f they got it right.  For mother's day, we left after an hour of not getting the food while we had kids!  Seriously, WTF!  Time to order out for Mimi's!  That took 15 minutes.  Mimi's it is!
4	Please note we went here for pie only and probably an hr before they closed.. The waitress was as nice as can be, I loved her attitude =very helpful older lady. I have always wanted to try rubharb pie and I finally did oh my so great. My bf went with apple pie - (what he was craving )eventhough you can order that almost anywhere..I had a great time but $12.00 + tip for 2 slices of pie a la mode.. yikes. I could have bought a whole pie for cheaper.. but I have no need for an entire pie with only 2 people living in my house. lol. I'd def. go back for desert. one day i'll try the food.
3	After a 40 minute wait for my order to be served to us, at Coco's (Sunset Station), found this restaurant..It was great..seated promptly, Order taken quickly. Waitress made some meal recommendations. While we waited for our meal, served us a warmed blueberry muffin (no charge). Meal brought promptly. Hot and very tasty (SW scramble & standard breakfast meal) Only complaint..Hash browns way overdone. But it was close to luncheon switchover. Overall a good experience.
1	If you love cold "glue" soup and terrible service...this is the place for you! Went there today for a quick lunch with my sister on my quest to try all things pumpkin and was really let down.Negatives1) Our waitress forgot we were there and then forgot our drinks, then after getting our drinks, never refilled them again.2) Soup was delivered cold. Yum, my favorite....Not! (Yeah, I went all 90's on it)3)Not a cheap place to eat - 2 bowls of soup and 1 piece of pie and I'm out $30!Positives1) The cornbread and honey butter was good2) The pumpkin pie was tasty and will probably make my pumpkin list, however next time I will just go buy a whole pie and take it home.Sorry guys, its a no - go!
4	Never been here for the restaurant, but after reading the below reviews, I don't think I want to come.I do come here for pies quite often. Especially when they have the $6.99 pie deal. Any celebration my family has calls for a pie, so we have had many from here. Super easy to order and very quick because they have their own register for the bakery. They usually have your pie and rarely run out! My fave is the lemon creamcheese.. yummmm.. Another good thing: Return your pie tins and gets 80 cents off your pie. They really add up!
3	We were were at Pacific Sales Kitchen and Bath and got kinda hungry.  We finally decided to try out Marie Callender's.  I usually have my freezer stocked with several of the Herb Roasted Chicken and a few pot pies.Right when we stepped out of the car, it STANK.  Like filthy trash mixed with sewage smell... Yuck.  I held my breath until we got inside of the restaurant.  I don't know what it is but the hostess saw us but turned away and we stood there for a several minutes before she came back to seat us.Here are the items we received:The big and warm squared corn bread with the honey butter came out for us to enjoy was super yummy.  I didn't even know they give that to customer so that free factor made it super delicious.Then came the chicken tenders.  Wow, this has to be one of the best chicken tenders I have eaten.  Was light, crisp, and full of flavor.  The fries were skimpy, but it's ok because the star was indeed the tender.We split an entree, the chicken divan.  The description sounded yummy, but the actual food itself did not live up to it.  It was melted cheese with chunks of chicken and broccoli on top of a massive cornbread, with the same sauce used for the chicken pot pies.  We couldn't eat much of this entree because it was boring and super heavy.  For dessert, we had the red velvet cake with cream cheese and vanilla frosting.  I wasn't a huge fan of the cake itself, but the whipped cream was light, fluffy, creamy, and not too sweet, was GOOD.We will come back and definitely have the chicken tenders and try out something else.
5	Initially, I was peeved because I had arrived with a birthday coupon and the "boy" working there had informed me that I had to purchase an extra entree and that it was for dine-in only. Right away, they are telling me that "you can't get want you want, especially for your birthday."So, I was there, I might as well just eat. Low and behold, a hidden treasure if I ever did find one. My server had replied "yes" to everything I asked for. From what I had seen, she was the only one waiting on tables and she had time to stop and check on me several times, and not just -can I put you on hold,click- she stayed, waited, and dignified my request with a reply. I used to rely on Hooter's-Mission Valley for great service, but that was 10 years ago, and all the Hooter's locations in Las Vegas are just another Denny's to me- impersonal, no smile, one or two water refill checks. Heather was her name. The type of service she had exhibited is reminiscent of Sunday morning Cracker Barrel from a middle aged lady circa 1984. This service is non-existent today, in fact most of 90's and all of the 2000's is nothing short of piss poor, with Heather at the Henderson location on Stephanie being the exception. I am now going to schedule 90% of my dining-out meals here. I mean the food was okay, but there isn't one place out there that can impress me with their culinary findings.Thanks, Heather, for giving me a experience that made me cry.
1	Lousy service.  Food was ok.  Fries were cold.  Server never asked about refills for drinks.
3	I am confused on what to give this restaurant.  My husband and I both enjoyed our meals - not loved but liked but the service was bad.  They didn't refill drinks or check in on us.  I sat there and waited for some time for the bill then again to pay.  The pies were marvellous!
1	Bad service, cold food
2	I am writing this litterally as I eat a piece of their pie. I can not get why people find thing place so good for pie. The chocolate Satin is a little salty and the crust breaks a little too easily for my taste. But you cant expect much I guess since they do not make pies in house.Stick with small bakeries .
1	Over priced less than average food, wait staff was nice and the corn bread they serve before the meal is the best part of it. And the pie was good but really no better than what you get at the store and bake yourself. My boyfriend got country fried steak and I got a french dip both were mediocre. We both had cokes and split a slice of pie. Our total was $43 and so totally not worth it. We only went in the first place because we had a gift card. Do yourself a favor and just go to the cheesecake factory.
4	I read all the bad reviews and I have to say I didn't have the same experience.  We went last Friday after bowling at Sunset Station.  My friend's son wanted Meat Loaf so we thought this would be the perfect place.  It was really slow for a Friday night - not a lot of people dining here.   We were seated promptly and the waitress knew the menu very well and offered suggestions.  The kids ordered from the kid's menu and the adults ordered from the barbeque menu.  The adults all ordered the Pulled Pork sandwich with fries which was delicious.  All the meals came with a choice of desert.  I chose Chocolate cream pie which was very yummy - I actually thought I had died and went to heaven. What I really liked about it was that it was very cold.  The kids ordered ice cream sundaes and seemed to really enjoy it.  My only complaint was how long it took to get water and refreshments and then she never came back to collect our payment so we had to walk our payment up to the front but other than that I was very pleased for comfort food that evening we all were craving.
3	Not as good as I remembered. Sent the food back as it tasted off. Pies seemed a bit odd too. Frozen and defrosted? Texture wasnt quite right.
1	I was SOOOO DISAPPOINTED and this was my first visit ever!!  You first have to understand my obsession I had with Marie Callender frozen Pot Pies.  One fall and winter in Michigan, I ate them every day, my favorite was the Honey Chicken Pot Pie.  Mostly I would just heat it up in the micro because I did not want to wait an hour for it to cook in the oven.  And although the microwaved pie was not as flakey as when you bake it in the oven, it was still better than the Chicken Pot Pie I ate last night at Marie Callender's restaurant!  I was craving pot pie and 3 of us decided she would have the best.  We walked into what felt like an oven, the heat was up so high I thought their ovens broke and they were baking food on heat vents.  The friendly lady behind the counter said it was because "They" the employees were complaining it was "Cold"....I am all for employees being happy, after all a happy work environment makes for better service" But come on, it was I swear like 85 degrees inside!!  We were sat and Landon was introduced as our server.  He brought out our drinks, my sisters Lemonade was as clear as water and he said yeah it is because it might be off back there...ok then why would you still bring it out?  He brought out our corn bread, well one tiny slice and 3 appetizer plates, I was under the impression we all 3 would get our own piece but it was only enough for one person.  Finally the food came out, we all ordered the pot pie, it looked like it was going to be delicious but I realized that the crust was only over a white dish, there was not going to be an actual pie crust at all.  Even though the crust on top was not burnt, it had a burt taste to it.  The chicken in my pot pie was not the right color either, it had a pinkish hue to it and the flavor was SENSATIONALLY SALTY!  I thought I was going to have a heart attack if I finished the entire thing.I was only able to get one refill of iced tea and I had to ask Landon to bring me extra lemons, I never understand why when you order an Iced Tea with lemon, the first glass always has a lemon, but the following never do unless you ask for it.....or you have a good server that realized your original order was in faced an Iced Tea with lemon.  As we were eating, I over heard from the kitchen area, since our table had a lovely view of it, some woman complaining that she was not closing and then went off on an older employee, a grandma type about not doing something right for a birthday thing or something, I just stared at her like "why are you talking to someone so sweet and old like that lady?!"   While we were walking out I was behind my party and this server was actually walking so close to me I was stepped on twice, when I turned around she looked at me like I needed to get out of her way so I just slowed down....Bitch, you are at work, you are going no where you do not need to be walking all over me to get to a table, now back it off!!!"  Never once did she apologize for stepping on my shoe twice.The best part of the night was when we exited the main doors, we walked into a huge cloud of our servers cigarette smoke, I am pretty sure they are not allowed to smoke in front of the entrance...I am a non smoker and I understand that smokers really could give to shits about me, but seriously, when you are at work, take your ass behind the building, I know most restaurants have designated smoking areas for their employees!!!  I should not have to walk through your cloud of smoke.....and to top that off Landon looked at us, blew out more smoke, never once said "thanks for coming in" or "have a good night", nope he just puffed on that cigarette and moved out of our way a few feet.  I definitely will not eat at this place again. It makes me sad, I thought by eating at the actual restaurant you would receive a better pie than what is in the frozen section of your local grocery....and since you were paying 12.99 for each pie, what a waste!  I would rather spend like 3 dollars and some change and make it in my microwave.  Dear Marie,Why does the food you serve in your restaurant loaded with salt, taste like crap, and extremely over priced?!  I think you should just stick to frozen food!!!Love,Pedro
4	Food was good but the service was amazing!  Heidi was one of the nicest people... She is worth the to come back
1	I walked in and noticed a cashier counting money from the cash register. I asked her for a pie. Without washing her hands from counting dirty dollars and coins, she picks up a pie from a bakers rack full of other pies and places my pie in a pie box. Disgusting.
3	Honestly? It's hit or miss here, just depends who you get to serve you. The older ladies and absolutely wonderful. Quick with drinks including refills and orders. Whereas the younger wait staff is slow and kinda grumpy like they don't want to be there. The last time one of them complained to my friend and I the entire meal like we cared. I mean no offense but we are trying to eat and listening to how much you hate your job isn't something I really want. Overall though, I continue to go back because their breakfast is YUMMY! :)
2	Ordered the Thanksgiving take-out dinner. Very dissapointing. My husband liked the turkey so that's why I gave 2 stars. Everything tasted like it was frozen and the reheating instructions are to microwave pretty much everything. I realized getting a take-out dinner isn't going to be the freshest, but I've ordered from Whole Foods and Von's in the past and wasn't dissapointed. This meal however was terrible and very salty. It tasted like a Thanksgiving frozen dinner and I followed all the instructions carefully. We knew something was strange when we arrived and all the meals were being unloaded from big trucks in the parking lot. Won't be doing it again.
2	It certainly is not "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I am in no way "Yay! I'm a fan."It would be "A-OK." if total checks rang up to about half of what they end up being. So, it is certainly a "Meh. I've experienced better." I would include dinner and the pies in that assessment. Service is not award-winning, but it is hardly "I'll never step foot in here again" either.The male restroom is worse than the ones at nearby Sam Boyd Stadium, and I do not care one bit about someone calling that hyperbole. It is actually true. (I checked.) (I am certain you would not like pictures.) ("Eek! Methinks not.")And one time we patronised this Marie Callender's before a Rebels game, they did not have ice cream. (How the fuck do you rely on pies as your #1 claim-to-fame, and you allow your freezer to run out of ice cream? You have got to be kidding. *looks around for hidden cameras*) Marie Callender needs to stop by and clean house. - E
4	I decided to check this place out since all the Marie Calanders spots closed down in LA. They currently had a promotion where you could order a Pot pie that came with a small Caesar side salad & slice of dessert pie for $10, very hard to pass up. Upon entry, the pie case welcomed me with a preview of pies that would be available. I enjoyed this. It took a couple minutes to be seated, not long at all. As I walked through, I noticed one side of the restaurant was empty (speculation kicked in). The part where we were seated at had other patrons already enjoying their meal. Our table/booth was clean w/condiments. Politely handed our menus, utensils, and took our drink order. I ordered the Sheppard Pie (ramekin filed with beef stew & topped w/ mashed potatoes & melted cheese) w/ my side Caesar Salad. Glad to say, it's just the way it should be as far as Marie Calendar's. The romaine lettuce in the salad was fresh. For dessert, I choose the Double Cream Blueberry Pie. In my opinion, it was delish. The crust was flaky, not overly buttered. Blueberries were sweet & pungent. And the creme, not too thick or overly sweet.Service:  seemed like they were really trying to leave a better impression. They were making conscious effort. That is a compliment, I know sometimes it doesn't read like one, but it is. Quick restroom visit, it was clean and stocked.I will definitely keep this place in mind down the road.
4	The place is basic but the food is good! Wait staff pleasant and the food gets to you quickly. Definitely better than Mimi's that is just down the street and they have fruit, carrots and cottage cheese!
5	I enjoy there corn bread honey butter and cheese soup.  They do a mean tuna melt and the blue berries and cheese pie is top notch. Sometimes it hit or miss but when its good it's good. ..
4	This review is for pies only don't waist your money eating in the restaurant. With that said I have had every pie they sell and have no negative comments. It quick and easy and the staff has always been friendly.
3	We stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning.  It wasn't very busy and were seated right away.  Our waitress was really great.  She was so attentive and friendly.  With breakfast they brought out blueberry banana bread for the table.  Delicious.  So warm and fresh! I went with the Denver hash which consisted of onions, peppers and cheese mixed into an egg scramble then placed over hash browns.  It was just ok.  It was a smaller serving that really didn't appease my appetite.  As far as chain restaurants, M.C. is ok.  I was just hoping for more.  I will say their pies in the entrance dessert case looked fantastic.  Maybe I will have to come back for dessert since they are known for their pies.  Yelp Challenge 2014 (200/365)
2	Out of town guests having great memories of how delightful Marie Callendars of the 1980s used to be and a hunger for  Banana Cream Pie found us arriving hungry! Just so you know...It's not toilet sewage one smells in the parking lot. It's a poorly  maintained grease trap which employees happily attest to being the culprit! REALLY!???? I wondered how many folks never proceed! Please.... Someone fix it!  And yet voicing the plea falls on deaf ears I'm sure!  It's a travesty reading reviews from customers who are so looking to experiencing great pot pies similar to or exceedingly better than the frozen ones!  The age of Marie Callendars  seems to have come and gone. Such a pity! It was once synonymous with Great Pies!  The cases as you enter promise a great selection of pies and more!  The decor of M. C. Apparently has been transformed from welcoming and fun to coffee shop tacky with 1980's tacky framed prints on the walls!   The food is better at Stations Casino Cafe or nearby MiMis. Shrimp tacos were ...nothing special. Pulled pork sandwiches average akin to what one would expect wrapped in foil at a high school sports event from the concession stand... C'mon you know the type. Salmon dinner was edible, decently flavored but a surprisingly small portion for a full priced dinner which did not come with pie as the pork sandwiches did! The annual pie sale 7.99 in February will probably find me there again! It's sooo sad that M.C. Is hellbent on slumming it when there is still a market for great food and pie!!!The bright spot is as always their pies... If the stench in the parking lot doesn't turn your stomach first!
1	I wish I could give zero stars. For the terrible service I received from the front desk older pie selling lady who would not sell me a pie because I didn't have my identification on me and wouldn't accept my card without it. That would be understandable if it was consistent  with the fact that I have been several times  and no one has ever asked for my identification. Also keep in mind this one is a block from a gym and I just bring my card and want pie after my workout.I see why all the marie calendars r going out of business. First off there were 3 customers in the building for dinner. Congrats guys you can make a pie but not dinner.  Second won't let customers purchase anything.  If I was sitting at a table and bought dinner and didn't have identification what would u have done then. Would dinner be free since I didn't have it. So news to Marie's you are not the best pie makers in the world I have been coming here for ages and will never ever ever ever ever buy a single thing from u again and will tell all my friends how worthless you are with customer service and consistency. And trust me when I say you suck big time. And I dislike you   A lot. I hope you all go out of business. The old pie lady at the front please retire your not nice.
3	I was in the area for something else and decided to come here for breakfast since I've never eaten here before. I walked in and there wasn't anyone at the front. It took a couple of minutes for anyone to take me to a table. My waitress, however, was very friendly and helpful. I ordered a Veggie Hasher with pancakes instead of toast as my side.It didn't take long for my order to arrive and the food was okay. There was some flavor to the dish, but I've had better. The pancakes were yummy, but they weren't spectacular and I couldn't finish all of them so I took them home. It was nice that the portion was large enough that I couldn't finish everything.Honestly, the best part about my experience here was my waitress Laura. She's great in making sure I always had water in my glass and that I had everything I needed. She's a real sweetie.
1	GROSS!!!! We ordered the Appetizer Combo Platter and found pubic hair in one of the fried green beans! Made me lose my appetite.
