3	My company booked this place for one of our events. The suites are nice and spacious. Two beds, living room with fold-out couch, mini kitchen, and an office with a spiffy Herman Miller chair. The breakfast was pretty good; the basic continental stuff plus some sort of egg dish. Room service is also reasonable; the first of any hotel I've stayed at.  I was impressed.... Until the first night. 1) The shower was clogged so it fills up half way by the end of the shower. 2) Ants EVERYWHERE. Not the nice little ones that just tickle you, but big mean ants that bite the second they get on you. 3) Something kept biting me everytime I slept. Not ants, but something else. The saying "don't let the bed bugs bite" has a whole new meaning to me now. 4) Front desk staff is incompetent. I wasn't asking for much, just basic service such as checking in and out in a timely manner.5) Bedroom tv had no remote sensor so I had to walk up to it to do anything.6) The gym had no weights. Who does cardio in Arizona heat?Overall, it wasn't THAT bad. It was just a lot of little bad things during my stay; I'm sure it was a fluke / my luck. If you do stay here though, make sure you get NEW sheets (they only change it when you put a place marker on the bed) to avoid the bed bugs or whatever the hell it was.
2	THE GOOD:price ($50/night)beds (awesome)it's a suiteTHE OK:Cardio roomBreakfast (boiled eggs and waffle stick??? come on...) Cereal and coffee were available as well (hence the ok)THE BAD:the sofa.  it is a sofa/pullout bed.  The bed SUCKED.  The sofa sucked.  I used Priceline.com to book a hotel in Phoenix for a softball tournament.  I ended up with a hotel in North Scottsdale that was so far away it took almost 45 minutes to go anywhere in Phoenix.  I wasted at least 1.5 hours a day commuting when there were other options for the same price IN Phoenix.   The distance almost ruined our trip...
1	I stayed here this past weekend for spring training. I checked in Sunday night and checked out the following Sunday. To start off we paid $135.15 per night. I expected a nice Suite. Or at least one that is decent. The Sofa was a pull out, which was awful. The Sofa itself was dirty w/ stains. Who wants to sit on something like that? Gross. The bedroom was OK. The 2 beds seemed OK to sleep on. But one problem. My son and I who slept on the sofa bed kept getting bit. Don't know what the heck it was... But we always asked for clean sheets. The bathroom was bad. The tub kept filling up and would not drain. The toilet would flush very slowly like it jammed w/ something. The maintenance guy came out and did something to it that didn't make a difference. We still had to plunge. The Housekeepers would take our soap, and never put new ones out. We never had a full set of towels the whole week. just 2 large towels and 1 wash cloth for 4 people. Come one now...... This place was also 20 min north of old town Scottsdale. Not to bad, but if your going all over the Phoenix area its kinda of a pain to drive all over. Now on to what they called free breakfast.... That was a total Joke. For 7 mornings, All they had was waffles (you can tell they were the frozen type that was just warmed up, Soggy) Oatmeal, Biscuits and some kind of gravy and then the basic fruit, yogurt, bread and cold cereal. Don't understand why for 7 days they would have the same junk? Its not hard to scramble eggs. Make some bacon. Sausage. Pancakes. Something. It was sad. I actually counted on the breakfast everyday for my son and I to help budget the week since they jacked the prices up so high. But we had to blow more money out else where. The Lobby folks were a joke. This one lady was a dingbat. LOL. The only OK thing overall was the Bar. Had a cool happy hour. Buy one beer, get one free. and half price appetizers. So my buddy and i would buy 4 beers each, and take home 4 free ones. Not bad. OH, the pool was OK too. It was a perverts Paradise being that you can sit in your room and watch a beautiful girl sun bathe. my friends girlfriend was creaped out that 2 dudes on the 3rd and 4th floor kept watching her. If i knew then i would have said something. I would not suggest this place at all. Not worth the money, Or the headaches or in that fact the bug bites. ONE LAST THING.... Watch out. On the 101 loop there is a radar camera that will take your picture if your speeding and you'll get a ticket. I was in a rental car that my buddy rented and i think i got flashed. So drive the speed limits. Being I'm from Cali i was passing these slowpokes left and right. Now i know why.
4	Got this hotel on hotwire and it was only 60 bucks.  Cant beat that.  Its pretty close to the airport and right now they are doing a crapload of construction around the area so driving there and the roads werent the most friendly.  The room itself isnt bad.  We just got the room for a night before going to the Giants vs. Cardinals game Sunday.  Couch, 2 tvs, mini fridge were all nice.  Beds were pretty comfy and the shower had some good water pressure.  Nothing I could really complain about.  I would definitely stay here again for 60 bucks.
3	Just got back from Phoenix Open Golf Tournament. We found Thunderbird Suites via Priceline ($90 per night) The Good: They have a shuttle service that took us to and from Golf Tournament Great location near all the shops and great restaurants Bed was super comfortable It's a Suite, so while i was sleeping, my friend was able to hang and watch TV at night The Gym: No weighs, but has treadmill, stationary bike, and Elliptical So I was able to at least get my cardio in. The bathroom is tiny... very very tiny.... Their sofa does suck We didn't stay in our room much so we would probably stay here again next year
4	Great older hotel...quiet in the off season. A bit out of the way in Scottsdale from Old Scottsdale and the night clubs, but central to shopping and major highways and interstate.  Small regional airport had a few small prop engine planes and the occasional small jet no real noise to be heard.  Staff was friendly and cordial and nice breakfast each morning. Exercise room could use some weights, but nice treadmill, and elliptical trainer.  Most comfortable beds I have ever slept in, in a hotel.  All in all an excellent value for the money.
3	This little hidden hotel isn't bad, but a couple key improvements could take this place up to a 4.I received a good deal at spring break on Priceline for $100/night, so I wasn't expecting uber-luxury and beds that could cause a lion to purr. That is basically what I got. The hotel was in a great location just down the street from the new Scottsdale Quarter shopping/food area. It also wasn't too loud being near to the airport. Breakfast and internet was free and the pool managed to soak away any pain served by the just "OK" mattress.I would probably stay here again if I was looking for a bargin during the busy season, I just won't be expecting the Fairmont.
4	This hotel is very good for what is intended to be  - an economical hotel near the Scottsdale airport ideal for the business traveler who has a conference at the nearby Westin (twice as much) or for someone on an extended stay. It has a kitchenette and fridge/sink so you can save a bit on food. Also has FREE wireless. Also has a nice pool and is a short walk to excellent shopping and dining.  Would you stay here on vacation? I would not recommend it and If you did you'd likely rate it one star!  Me? I had a conference at the Westin and this was a perfect hotel. Half the price and a free shuttle to the Westin. There is also a restaurant open nightly until about 8 but don't bother as you walk to much nicer places.
4	I bought a Groupon for a 2 night stay here at the Thunderbird Suites for $99 total. The price was really quite right and I was happy that I wasn't staying in a questionable part of town for the price. I have definitely stayed at some high end places in Scottsdale and so this is on the lower side but it is worth the money that we paid for it!The staff was a huge positive to this place. The young lady checking us in was extremely friendly and helpful. Every time we encountered someone, even if they were cleaning the rooms, they always greeted us with a warm smile. The gentlemen running the breakfast buffet was very friendly as well. The rooms were also a positive. Some places that are advertised as "suites" can be quite small. But this room was a true suite with a living room area with a couch and TV (big old boxy TV). Two negatives were that the bathroom was on the small side and the sheets were uncomfortable and kept slipping off the mattress. Pool and Jacuzzi were nice when we tried them out although they didn't have any clean towels to use. They are pet friendly so we were able to bring our big yellow lab and we were charged only $15 (which is on the low end) for her being with us. They had a nice and hot breakfast buffet available in the morning for our stay. We enjoyed eggs, pancakes, cereal, fruit, etc. There was also a little area where they always had fresh ice water and kuerig coffee available. We would stay there again if the price continues to be right.
4	The hotel is practically hidden from the normal tourist locations around Scottsdale, which was fine with me. Even though it's next to the Scottsdale Airport - small private jets and planes - there was hardly any aircraft noise. I was surprised when I finally heard a private jet take off.I got a great one-bedroom suite at a really great (rack) rate. Okay, it was June, so there isn't much demand for hotel rooms in the blazing Arizona summer. It was great for doing business and relaxing. The suite included mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, plates, and utensils. While I didn't have any meals in my room, it was a nice feature and the fridge came in handy.The free breakfast was okay. A full buffet with freshly prepared eggs, sausage, potatoes, yogurt, fruit, and all the usual breakfast items. In the future, I'll skip the breakfast and go to one of the local eateries. I did not get to the hotel's bar. Yes, this is a surprise. They do happy hour for the guests every day. My schedule was busy, so I wasn't around to participate. Unfortunately, the bar closes at 9pm. I would've had a few "night caps" had it been open later.I would definitely come back here!
3	Im here right now so heres my review. First off, the staff in the office is first class, friendly and professional. The free breakfast was better than expected, the cook even came out and asked if there is something that I needed that wasent available. The cons,,,, It takes for ever for the rooms to cool down in the summer heat but the rooms are nice enuf and a bonus with the fridge and the micro-wave, The water for shower is blazing hot, A PLUS,. all in all, not a bad placeto stay. Its right next to the airport and I did not hear a single plane from my room. BONUS. and the pool is 24 hours. I think for the money, go ahead and check in.
4	I bought the groupon for 2 night stay for $99, which includes breakfast for those two days.  The place is tucked away from "touristy" Scottsdale and is walking distance from Scottsdale Quarter.  The hotel is quite, clean, and the staff is very friendly (Melinda and Taylor). The rooms are a little older but are kept in great shape. Rooms come with microwave, small fridge, and the sofa in the living room folds out to be a bed which was an awesome surprise. Bed are super comfy also.Breakfast was Ok, it's good enough to get you started, but if you're picky there's a good egg down the street and an iHop about 2 miles away.I would def stay here again.
2	Booked on. Priceline 3nights given the worst room in the place. 4th for corner closest to airport.security chain on door broken,remote for tv does,nt work whole room shakes every time a plane takes off.  Thanks Priceline.
4	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at Thunderbird for 3 nights. We got an amazing deal, only $55 a night since we booked our airline tickets at the same time. The room was a good size and comfortable. We could not hear any people below or next to us our whole 3 days of being there. I believe most of the rooms face the pool, which is open 24 hours a day. I thought that would be a problem with the noise level, but the bedrooms are on the opposite side of the pool, the living room is on the side of the suite that faces the pool, so it was very quiet. The small planes flying into the airport next door were hardly noticeable.The bathroom was quite small, but nothing to be upset about since there is a full size mirror on the closet in the bedroom. It was very clean and updated. There was only one washcloth when we got there, but I left a note asking room service to leave more, which they did. No problems. We had a room with a king size bed, and I have to say...that is by far the most comfortable bed I have ever had in a hotel room! There was a free, hot breakfast provided in the mornings which consisted of scrambled eggs, sausage, waffles, breads and pastries. They also have to go boxes in case you prefer eating in your room. The best part about it was how close it was to Scottsdale Quarter and Kierland Commons. Lots of good shopping and restaurants only a half mile from the hotel, and the hotel provides a free shuttle to take you anywhere within a 5 mile radius.The staff was amazing. Everyone was very nice! Check in was smooth, and they let us pick the floor we wanted to be on. Great stay in Phoenix, and I will definitely be back.
4	Stayed at the Thunderbird for 5 nights.  Check-in was simple.  The room was on the 4th floor at the end.  There are elevators and also outside stairs (my calfs look great now!).  I didn't have a problem with any noise even though it was AZ Bike Week and next to the Scottsdale Airport.  The pool was sort of green when we arrived and was "shocked" to clean it out after the weekend.  We enjoyed hanging out by the pool with cocktails and friends.  The free breakfast buffet was pretty good with hot food like waffles, eggs and some type of meat.  Cereal and pastries were also available.  We accessed that freebie breakfast all but one day (I do love an IHop!).  Staff was helpful when it came to toothpaste - TSA confiscated ours - and a pair of scissors (my bangs needed a trim).  It was handy to have computers in the lobby with a printer.  We were able to print our boarding passes before we left for the airport.  My wifi in the room was sporatic but I wasn't there to access wifi anyway.  We didn't spend any time in the bar.  The rooms have a mini fridge and sink so who needs a bar?  The kitchenette also has a microwave.  The bathroom was small but functional and the water pressure and showerhead were great!  Our only complaint was the TV remote in the living space did not work.  Overall, I would stay again if I was in the area.
5	Amazing hotel, great staff who were quick to take care of every request at all hours. Very modern and sleek. Hotel and pool were relaxing. Large rooms, comfy beds, 24 hour pool (nice to be treated like an adult). Local transportation within 5 miles.  Great deal for the facility. Free wifi, free breakfast buffet. Very well maintained, love the renovation.  Loved it, loved it and will stay again and again!
3	Thunderbird Suites in Scottsdale is a moderate lodging facility with a price to match.  I would come back for a few night business stay.  Not the accommodations I would choose if I was coming for a pleasure vacation, or an extended stay.  Clean, quite, comfortable and a good location.The room I stayed in was a King Suite.  Two rooms, sitting room with mini-bar and TV, bedroom with a king bed and TV.  My room had an outside window that opened - a big plus for me as I hate being trapped in AC without outside oxygen.  Even though the room looked out on the Scottsdale Airport it was very quiet.  Not much jet traffic at night.  In the morning time things were buzzing.  Ask for the top floor (always!)Location is excellent as you are close (less than one mile) to the Scottsdale Quarter outdoor mall.  This mall has a huge selection of restaurants and things to do.  Close to the TPC courses.  This is north Scottsdale, not the central area.The Thunderbird Suites facility has a small bar / restaurant.  Standard fare, club sandwiches, drinks, etc.  Nothing fancy.  The complementary breakfast is forgettable.  They also have a pool.Bottom line - 3.5 stars and I would return.
5	Really great rooms for great price!  Everyone was so nice there.  Several went out of their way for me.  I had to work from the hotel and my printer broke.  Just went down to the lobby and they sent me over to the office area - had everything printed all was well.  Employees were so friendly.  Really enjoyed my 4 day stay.  Even went back to meet a new friend I met in the lounge.  Food is good too!  Stay there -- its great!
3	We previously stayed at Thunderbird Suites before it changed to Best Western Plus and enjoyed one of their larger suites that included a kitchen area, large bathroom with double showers & vanity area as well as a spacious living area. Other than being dated it was quite comfortable and roomy. Their fitness center was pretty laughable, though, with a bike & treadmill. This most recent visit was somewhat of a different experience: We called the front desk to advise we would be arriving late and finally got settled in about midnight. We were exhausted and couldn't wait to crawl in bed however, although the front room and bathroom were quite cool, the bedroom would not cool down making for an uncomfortable night's sleep. Then to my utter dismay, at 7:50 am the cleaning lady was banging on our door! Really? Before 8 am?Although the room was substantially smaller than previously it was still clean and somewhat comfortable. There were some small annoying things such as no door on the fridge freezer, the bathroom was super small, horrible internet connection and for whatever reason, even though it was apparent they had plenty of rooms available, they couldn't accommodate our request to be on the first floor. Oh well.... The best feature about Thunderbird Suites is that it is just minutes away from Scottsdale Quarter where we spend the majority of our visit.
3	I really wanted to give this hotel five stars. It is in a good location, has a very nice staff, and the rooms are large. But there are many things that go into having good hotel and housekeeping is definitely one of them. I was disappointed when we got into our room and found hair in the sink and in the toilet. It's not that big a deal, but it is a sign that housekeeping is probably rushing things a bit. I also saw that we did not have a second roll of toilet paper. Again something else that housekeeping seemed to quickly skip over. When it was time to go to sleep, one of my kids pulled out the sofa bed only to find that it had not been made up. We went down to the front desk and asked them about this. They said they do not make up the sofa bed normally because by the time someone uses it, the sheets would be wrinkled and people would assume they were dirty. That's a fair response. But they also said their normal way is they give you sheets and you  make the bed yourself. That's kind of odd, I thought that was housekeeping's job. It seems surprising that they have a bed but it is not ready for guests to use. While I do like this hotel, housekeeping definitely needs improvements. Given that it is August, a low season in Scottsdale, and that their occupancy was low, you would think housekeeping would have had time to do their job correctly.  If they did, I could've easily given them 5 stars.
5	Had a blast, beautiful hotel. The shuttle was the most helpful thing, they literally drove us all over town and were super helpful. The rooms are all suites and the pullout queen-size couch made it easy to fit four people in a room. Also, the complimentary breakfast everyday was really tasty. I have no complaints, they deserve five stars.
