5	Yoni has truly helped us understand our dogs and their behavior and taught us how to handle and get their aggression under control! Our two dogs have done his day camp, private sessions in our home, and group classes at his facility. He is always available to answer questions, and provide positive feedback to us. Other trainers don't compare to the compassion and knowledge that Yoni and his team have. We recommend Balancing Paws to all dog owners everywhere, no matter what you need help with. Truly amazing!
5	Yoni helped my family and I take leadership and gain confidence with our pit bull. He taught us how to help him interact with people, horses, and our indoor cats. We now happily take him places we couldn't before all with Yoni's help and guidance. Thanks again Balancing Paws!-The Petty's
5	When our son was born, our french bulldog, who had previously been our "baby", had a tough time adjusting. He was having some behavioral issues, so we went to see Yoni on a recommendation from a friend. In one session, our dog was like a new dog. I couldn't take him on walks before because he would bark and growl at other dogs and people and pull like crazy. Now I can walk him and the baby in the stroller and he just ignores other dogs. He was also going out in the backyard and barking all night - not anymore! Our dog seems so much happier and more calm, and we are too! I would definitely recommend Balancing Paws to anyone looking for help with their dogs.
5	Let me start my review by saying I tried them ALL! I went through 4-5 trainers before luckily finding the team at Balancing Paws. Balancing Paws has the only trainers able to make any progress with my difficult fur baby.  I LOVE the entire team and the difference in behavior is amazing, my dog was aggressive, high anxiety, and destroyed my entire house and he is now happy, calm, and well behaved! They no longer pull on the leash and are non reactive towards other dogs on our walks! I highly recommend them for any dog issues you might have-from basic obedience to correcting issues I can say they've taught my two dogs all if it! It is also the only place I trust to leave my dogs when I'm out of town, they are in the best hands!
5	Yoni and John at Balancing Paws are amazing. After just the first session, learning some crucial information helped a ton. We continue to take our Pit Bull to Balancing Paws for day sessions because they take some extra time to work on things she doesn't do so well with. We always see improvements after we pick her up and she has let some of her extra puppy energy out while we were at work which is excellent. Yoni and John are geniuses. They really care about the customers and their pets. They have a great thing going for them at Balancing Paws and I would without a doubt recommend them to anyone- I have already told pretty much everyone I know. Great job guys!
5	Yoni is the best! We came to him with a very aggressive dog that we thought couldn't be re-trained. We are now able to get my dog in group classes with other dogs and off leash in an enclosed play area with other dogs. We were so impressed and would recommend Balancing Paws to anyone with a dog they think can't be fixed. We're are so happy with the progress we've seen!
5	Balancing Paws is top-notch!Yoni and his team at Balancing Paws are incredible, seriously!  We had one of our dogs stay with his team for a week and when she came back to us, she was a different (much more balanced dog).  Yoni equipped us with the tools to maintain what he created and because of that, the stress in our household is gone and our two dogs have never seemed more happy.  We still go to the group classes because the environment Yoni has created is excellent!
5	Yoni and all the gang at Balancing Paws are awesome, I cannot say enough good things. I send my puppy Ruby there for socializing and training, she loves it and so do I.  Yoni is patient with both Ruby and I, he explains everything so that you have a better understanding of your dog and why they behave the way they do. I wholeheartedly recommend Balancing Paws for whatever issues you are having with your dog. And even if you don't have any issues, I recommend you take your dog for a doggy day camp. I swear Ruby knows in the morning if she is going to day camp or not and she is soooo excited when she goes. Thanks Yoni for taking such good care of my girl.
5	Yoni and Balancing Paws have worked wonders with my highly anxious Rottie. He used to growl and lunge at everyone (dogs and people) when we walked, and my friends were afraid to come over to the house to visit. Now he is calm, and loves to walk on the leash, and knows how to treat guests in the house and is a wonderful dog and companion.
5	Yoni and his staff are OUTSTANDING!!  It doesn't matter the size or breed of your dog, if you are looking for a trainer to help you understand AND make the  positive difference for your pets, you need to come to Balancing Paws!  Thank you Yoni for being a true expert!
5	Yoni has really helped to educate me about my dogs. I've grown up with dogs my whole life, but I had small dogs who we just assumed were high strung due to their breed.  Now, as an adult with large dogs of varying degrees of dominance, there is a need for some order so that everyone in the pack stays happy and safe.  Yoni has shown me how to use certain tools, correctly, which have already made a big difference.  My pack is much happier already and my friends will be too.  Thank you, Balancing Paws!
