5	Delicious! I fell in love with Cafe Rio while attending Brigham Young University. So glad to have a location in Chandler. Love anything with the sweet barbacoa pork. Thanks to the friendly staff at the grand opening!
5	I almost went to chipotle but this place is right next to my bank that I was also visiting so I figured I'd try it. I'm impressed and not easily so. Employees were super nice, helpful and really friendly. The restaurant looks immaculately clean and my salad tastes great! (Try the pork!) Yum!  I'll be back!
5	Fresh Mexican grill. Food is tasty and the tortillas are made fresh right in front of you. Great variety of burros, tacos, etc. and made to order.  The shredded chicken breast burro with medium sauce enchilada style was excellent!  Fun atmosphere snd happy, helpful employees. We will be back soon.
5	Cafe rio is amazing! Everything to the fresh hand made tortillas, the queso dip, house sauce and the sweet pork are to die for! A must try and you'll fall in love!
1	This place is 0 for 3 so far. The first time I ate here was the day after it opened so the place was packed but we had heard so many good things that we decided to wait out the line but order our food to go. When we finally made our way up to where you order they asked us the initial order questions but then continued to ask us what we wanted on our burritos even though the line hadn't moved. To accurately paint the picture for you- I am 5 foot tall standing behind 5 1/2 foot sneeze guard glass as the person making my food yells from the other end of the very loud and very crowded restaurant what else I want on my burrito. Unfortunately at this point the person making our order decides to guess what we want and completely screwed up our nacho order and was visibly frustrated when we finally made our way to our food and explained that is not what we ordered. The only reason we came back the second time is because our parents really enjoyed the San Tan location and wanted to try this location. Again, as we made our way down the line they would add items to our food before we even had the chance to say that we didn't want that. My mother in law is lactose intolerant and didn't even get a chance to say no cheese before they added a heaping handful into her burrito and then received an exaggerated sigh when she told them no cheese and they had to start over. Today my family decided to meet at this location again and even though they were not busy they still could not get it right. My husband ordered no tortilla in his salad but even though the person taking his order nodded that they understood still started the salad with a tortilla at the bottom. My husband didn't mention it because it wasn't that big of a deal but again as my mother in law ordered her burrito with no cheese they still had to remake it. To clarify: my mother in law said I would like a chicken burrito with out cheese then watched him start the burrito knowing he would probably still add cheese hoping she could catch him reaching for it but he moved through her order so quickly that even though she was ready for it she couldn't catch him. How does this place stay in business if they keeping having to remake orders? Pros: I love fast casual concept restaurants and the food here is good.Cons: they rush through your order and do not pay attention to what you actually want - or do not want-  in your food.
2	Vegetarian, don't get a "vegetarian filling" burrito, its filled with only beans and rice then lettuce on side. The  menu says guacomole but youll get charged $2 extra for it. Get salad instead!! Les s room for error and more bang for your bucks.
2	I m writing this review for the gilbert rd/ baseline location but it seems the complaints are similar from location to locationTheir food is good but god help you if you go there when its busy like we did on friday night 10/16/14You don't get a single second to decide what you want before they sling it in your aluminum dish. Then they slide 4-5 of the same looking burrito under the cooker with no ID to the customer. GUESS WHAT?? You get the wrong burrito and they throw your food around like its a jailhouse mess hall. I watched a female employee throw a cup of guac at the cashier who did not catch it.Its cafeteria style and when its busy.....its a freaking zooSo.... You get the wrong burrito and pay more at the register.  Watch out for extra anything because you'll pay for it.Even though we had a free burrito coupon....it was a nuthouse and the employees are slinging so fast that you simply dont have time to decide anything.So you get what you get and with 30 people single file in a long line...who's gonna listen to you??Hey Cafe Rio- time to rethink your assembly line process and instead of upchargng for grilled steak and chicken, just have them be priced as separate burritos on your menu. Grilled meat is a mexican standard??? No???Right now....Chipolte is my go to burrito for price and service...sorry cafe rio.
3	Glad to have one close to home. I have been to two other locations also the San tan location and the mesa location and have had way better customer service experiences. I've been to this location twice and both times there has been many dirty tables left even though they weren't so busy. The high chairs weren't too clean so it was difficult to find one for my daughter.  Like the food, but they need to work on a few details!
2	Lets Keep this short and sweet:Food = OUTSANDING A+Customer service = B - (at best)Facility cleanliness = A from what I could seeNickel and diming you to death = they are true experts at.To get your plate just the way you want it with all the "EXTRAs" plan on spending $12 per plateExtras include:Salsa on tacosCheeseSour creamGuacamoleChips and salsa are nearly $5 (OUCH) (little baby cups of salsa too btw.)The plate is a good size and the food is good but I left feeling like the opportunist of this business are exploiting their customers on a daily basis.
3	Almost like chipotle.  I got the chicken salad and it was tasty and lots of toppings!  Nothing big to rave about.  One thing I really do love is the horchata!
2	I had the bean and cheese burrito. It was not flavorful and was rather salty - and I slat and pepper almost everything. The queso side for the chips was also salty, a little sweet, and overall underwhelming. The tortillas are fresh made and probably the best pare of the meal.  service was quick and the dining are serviceable if not super comfortable. Family friendly and fairly busy so people seem to like this place. I wouldn't make it a regular spot. Chipotle is superior in my opinion.
2	I definitely got a sodium overdose at this place.  I got the chicken enchiladas which seemed like a good idea at the time.  The sauce and the salsa had so much salt in it. I could barely tell the taste of the dish.   The tortilla and chicken are fine, but I just couldn't get over how salty everything is. The sides were rice and black beans.  The beans good, but Just average. But probably I have this place a 2 star instead of 1. The rice was really hard. They definitely undercooked it. The tres leches dessert was actually not bad. It's a bit sweet, but not too much. Not like how the enchiladas were salty.  They even delivered it to our table even though this is a fast food place. Another note: it's set up like Chiptole stores, but the glass in front of the food preparers is a bit high. Found that I had to tippy toe so the guy could here me better.
4	this was a good place for lunch. it was full and my only complaint is that the food prep could have had a little attention to detail.  very much in a hurry.  I think it is a great option to chipotle,  This location was clean and welcoming.  The location at Camelback  by last chance was dirty, will not go back!
1	This place food is over salted and the staff here are incometent. This is NOT a substitute to chipotle.
3	This is a burrito place similar to Chipotle or Qdoba.  They also do soft tacos.  A choice of several meats and a vegetarian option.  I'm not really fond of the barbacoa (too sweet), but the chili roast beef is good.  They will "enchilada style" it for free.One thing I'm not crazy about is the rice.  It's fine when put in the burritos, but as a side by itself it's sort of a lime/cilantro rice.  For a side dish I'd prefer a more traditional Mexican rice (tomato/cumin/etc).  The beans are nothing special (black or pinto).The tortillas are made fresh, the ingredients also seem to be (they make a point of it everywhere you look in the place).  They have a neat soda option where you can use Torani syrups and soda water.  I wish they had a few more flavors available, but the ones they have are good.A solid choice for burrito places.  Nothing particularly special, but good.  We will be coming back when the mood strikes.
