5	Jewelology is a diamond in the rough, no pun intended. I ventured in for my weekly "On the Road" segment on WBTV, not knowing what to expect.  The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by friendly owner, Jennifer.  She is so knowledgeable and so cool.  She's truly a gal you just want to know. Beads line the walls of the store. Every size, shape, color, and type you want, they have.  The coolest part is that they are affordable. You can go in and spend 10 dollars or you can go and spend 500 dollars, depending on what you want.  Studio time costs just five dollars. There you can sit and design jewelry with help from the owner and then they will finish it off for you.  Or, if you want to learn how to do EVERYTHING, they offer classes. For just 15 bucks you can sit in and learn how to do it yourself, saving yourself time and money in the future.  Another cool thing is that they repair old broken costume jewelry, or help you redesign old heirlooms that may not be your taste anymore.It's relaxing, fun, and a great skill to learn.They offer private parties and the option to bring in girlfriends with snacks and drinks and have a whole night of fun.You must check it out-- it's a fun activity for a day when you're looking for something to do.
3	Disclaimer: While I've been in several times I do not believe I've ever spent any money here. I have been in to look for either something that speaks to me- I tend to like larger stones and more natural look, or a certain something to "fix" a piece or jewelry and they've never had what I was hunting for.  Everyone has always been ultra helpful and friendly, so I have no complaint about anything but the stock.Jewelology seems like a good bead place if you are either a kid (I'm sure they do kids parties) or a middle aged suburban housewife.  Lots and lots of cheap looking sparkly jewels (but not that cheap) - if you're familiar with in-home jewelry companies, think Premier versus Stella & Dot. It's just not what I was looking for. But if you're looking for some technique or help, it's definitely a great place to go.
5	I came in with my mom to make some jewelry.  We had a blast!! The owner and family were so much fun.  They helped us create really awesome necklaces, and they fixed the broken jewelry I brought with me.  I enjoyed the experience, I will be back.  Great place for a party, or to bring someone for their birthday.
