5	Absolutely hilarious, Matt has a way of making you fell like he is talking about your own life. its the best Vegas show I have ever seen. I will take friends next time I visit Vegas.
5	Matt Kazam hits the stage and immediately starts engaging the audience with his fun and exiting type of humor. This show is for everyone from 21 to 110! Matt is able to to include everyone in his topics which include everything from Rubik's cube to sex! This is a must see show for locals and visitors alike!  In addition to a fantastic show, you get to see the historic and legendary Riviera Hotel and Casino!
5	Seen Matt's show 3 times! (Yes it's that good) laughed so hard all 3 times I felt like I had done an ab workout the next day. I would definitely recommend you go see it
5	Matt Kazam's show is awesome. My wife (early 30s) and I (40 something) couldn't stop laughing though the entire show. At the end our faces were in pain from laughing out load. We could totally relate to his jokes and his experiences. He definitely brought us back to memory lane. Even the 20 somethings had a great time. After the show we had to say hi and thank him for evening. He was easily approachable and took the time to chat. He was more than happy to take some pictures with us. My wife and I spent $100 a seat for a stand up comic the previous week who poked at every ethnic group and the guy wasn't even that funny in person. You should go watch Matt Kazam's show at the Riviera. He is down right funny, he'll take you back to your childhood, and you won't be disappointed.
5	I had heard Matt on the radio in DC, and had heard of him in the comedy circuit but actually met him 3 years ago when he did a show at our golf clubhouse, He was so funny, we came back the next year.  2 years later, I began talking to him about doing a show for my husband's 50th birthday party.  The first time I met with him to discuss arrangements, he had me laughing out loud within the first 5 minutes and I still chuckle when I remember what he said to me.  Needless to say, Matt knocked it out of the park for the party (people still talk about how funny he is) and even worked in some jokes personal to my husband.  Dare I say, he might have had even more fun than us at the show?!!  Matt is not only a naturally hilarious comedian, but a genuinely nice guy.  Corresponding with him over the course of the year leading up to our party, he was always responsive and had a genuine interest in making this the funniest show he could - he's the real deal, guys!!!
5	Went to see "40 is not the new 20" with friends for my 40th birthday. Matt Kazam is on point and hilarious. Will be looking for more of his comedy shows next time I visit Vegas.
5	I have to agree with all the comments written before mine. Matt is a genuinely funny guy even when he's not on stage for the show, so it was no surprise to that the laughter throughout the room was continuous the entire show. He makes the jokes relatable to everyone. My group had members in their mid twenties and early thirties and we got in a few gut busting laughs. Matt's interaction with the audience lets you know that each and every show is unique. He's able to build the show around the audience. 40 is not the new 20 is a show anyone can enjoy. There's great deals on tickets and the show starts at the perfect time whether you are finishing off the evening or just getting started.
5	I saw Matt's show "40 Is Not the new 20" and all I can say is we haven't laughed that much in a long time! You forget how rare it is to laugh over and over again until you are actually doing it and that is what made our visit to the show so much fun. Normally, there are gaps in a show where you can chat with other members of your party and have a little side conversation. Not with Matt's show! We were constantly engaged and the trip down memory lane was hysterical. We are still talking about the show and how there used to be only (3) television stations and as Matt said, "remember when TV actually ended..." We came home and told our kids that joke and they just looked at us like we were aliens. We, of course, were amused to see them with that clueless look. So much fun!Everyone else at the show looked to be having a blast as well and that made it even more fun because it turned into a group event really and in many ways a celebration of our generation and the good times that we enjoyed. When Matt started talking about the Etch A Sketch and the Lite Brite toys all the heads nodding in the room said it all. All different types of people, men and women who all shared the same experience and so much of life. It was truly "40 is Not the New 20". We would highly recommend this show. It is great for a couple and also a blast with a group -- especially those celebrating birthdays. I wish I had brought our group to this when I turned 40 that would have been a blast! All we can say is - keep up the great work Matt! We will be back and will be sure to send our friends!
5	I had low expectations of this show being as it was so new and at the Riveria of all places. This guy is funny! Some comedians take jokes too far or are borderline annoying... not this guy, hes a good balance!
5	If you you are even remotely in this age bracket you must see this show. Matt is a major veteran of the comedy circuit who knows how to keep you jumping out of your seat. And best of all, the tickets are very reasonable as are the prices all around the riviera like at the bars and restaurants. If you're in Vegas looking for a great, but reasonably priced, night then definitely consider Matt's show!
5	I've seen Matt three times over the past few years. Expect to laugh a lot! He has a way of taking everyday life--like a trip to Walmart--and making it hysterical.
5	Wow I haven't laughed this hard in a long time! Matt is hilarious. My parents and aunts (all in the 60s) loved it - laughing the whole time. This is a great show for everyone - you won't be disappointed!
5	Where do I start? Matt is hilarious! I laughed to the point of pain (I am over 40). It was so much fun to relive childhood memories through comedy. He really knows how to read his crowd. There were no awkward silent moments at all. Even the "20 somethings" in the audience laughed hysterically. I have been to a few comedy shows in Vegas, but "40 is not the new 20" by far is one if the best. I highly recommend his show. You won't be disappointed.
5	"40 is not the new 20" is awesome! He is hilarious, totally worth the tickets!  So happy my husband and I decided to choose this vegas show, we got lucky and met Matt while getting in line, great guy (congratulations on the new baby)! Don't pass this show up, oh and not a bad seat in the house!
5	Had a great time at this comedy show last night. I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
5	Hilarious!!! A must see!! We are from Ontario, Ca and came for a good laugh and we got many!
5	Hilarious, hilarious, hilarious! One of the best comedy shows I've seen in Las Vegas, and I've been to the comedy club at Ballys and Tropicana several times. I got the tickets comped through showtickets4locals.com, so I was skeptical of the caliber of the show. However, my girlfriend and I were sidesplitting laughing the entire time! I would highly recommend for anyone who is looking for and affordable night comedy in Las Vegas.
5	Small intimate venue, good service. The show lasted just over an hour, perfect timing. We went on a Friday night to the last show. There were about 50 people their, small crowd but enthusiastic. The show itself is geared towards a 30-60 year old crowd, good humor and true to life. We would definitely attend again in the future!
5	This guy was so funny! This show is great for people in their 20's and older. I went with my family and we could not stop laughing. My uncle and cousin (aka the John Cena look-alike/the two Floyd's) were a major focus of his and had us all in tears! Definitely recommend this show to all. Not to mention drinks were only $4 a piece and tasted great.
4	What a fun time?  Have 90 minutes to spare?  A cute show that entertains you for 75 minutes.  Great lines, great observations and a great comic.  I went with my wife and in-laws and we all had a blast. I'm 51, and it was fun. There was a 21 year old who loves EDM and Matt Kazam, the comic, picked on him, but I ran into him and his friends after the show and they were laughing and loved it. Go support a performing artist.
5	Next time you're in Vegas, a must-see show is "40 is Not the New 20!"  My friends all know that I know two things: how to eat and how to laugh.  And if you're looking to laugh yourself into dizziness, and as a kid you came home when the street lights came on, played with a Light Bright, and knew how to survive without a cell phone - you will appreciate the laugh-a-minute show Matt Matt Kazam puts on at the Riviera.  The absolute best bargain on the Strip.
5	A small group went last night to see him perform.  We really enjoyed the show.  Often times, it is difficult to relate to some comedians.....but this guy knows how to relate to audiences.  He even shared some of his personal life which is cool.  I'm glad he didn't use profanity.We enjoyed the event and plan to go back again.
5	My husband and I went last night with another couple. We are all in our early 40's. We laughed the ENTIRE time. This show is so fun and relatable, and brings back great memories. We saw the 10 p.m. show so it wasn't very crowded and seating was comfortable. Everyone in the room was laughing so hard throughout the show. My husband and I live in Las Vegas and see a lot of comedians. Matt is definitely in our top three. Plus he's funny without being too raunchy, which so many comedians rely on these days.I hope more people go see this show. Highly recommend!
