1	Didn't like that they waited till fifteen minutes before my appointment to call and tell me insurance had not approved. I was almost in the parking lot. They blamed my doctor so I called him. They had not sent the paperwork until one day earlier.  A week later, surprise, paperwork was fine and I got the M R I on my knee. Now I have to wait two weeks for the next appointment my knee doc had available.
4	I have been a customer of EVDI for several years...probably 10+.  They are pleasant thorough and efficient.  No one enjoys going to these check-ups but at least at a place like EVDI you get friendly service.They take reservations which I highly recommend, but they also allow walk-ins.  That must be a great benefit, if needed.
2	The staff (once I actually spoke with a real person) are nice and very friendly. The problem is their "centralized scheduling" and 10+ minute hold times (don't really know how long because the 10-min mark is time for me to give up as my time is just as valuable as theirs). Several times trying to get through I was just left on hold before giving up. I finally tried setting an appointment on their website. Their autobot called the next day and put me on hold yet again. I hung up. Finally a real person called at 8pm (yes, pm) to schedule an appointment - all inconvenient times, of course. So, I won't bother this year with the mammogram unless there's another imaging center out there that my insurance will take. Or I'll wait for the lil mobile deal to show up the office and I'll walk in there. They won't put me on hold.
5	I have had many images and related done at this EVDI over the years,  they always have been very accommodating and willing to help.  I have never had a problem with scheduling or getting copies of my results.   I always request this EVDI when one of my doctors wants to get an image.   I can think of no reason based on my experiences to give EVDI anything other than 5 stars.
1	I would give 0-5 if I could. First the front office is extremely rude ( I dealt with Patty) if any of my employees treated patients the way she did they'd be sitting on a curb. While in the waiting room an obviously mentally deficient patient came in and another front desk lady treated her like she was a bother and didn't help her at all.  Secondly they don't have their insurance down. And lastly while I was in the waiting room I could hear her talking to the other ladies in the front office talking smack about patients. I am a doctor and have referred many patients here and will no longer do it. I guess simonmed It is.
1	Long wait times. Management doesn't care about the staffs work load or the patients wait time. Under staffed under trained and over worked. As long as they get you through to get their insurance money. All about the money not about the people.
