2	After two short lived Asian Restuarants closed down in this space, I was very excited to have another Mexican restaurant downtown. I like Baja Fresh, don't get me wrong but I really miss Acapulco when it was at this location and I was hoping for some good ole' East L.A.-esque Mexican food. Sadly, Uno Mas didn't quite deliver. The shredded beef tacos were the best part of my meal but they were just OK. Just a tad more flavor to the beef and we could be in business because it was moist and tender. The refried beans were just average. They weren't bad but I think I could have done just as well out of a can. The rice was pretty abhorrent. I seldom go to a Mexican place for their rice and don't hold it against anyone if the rice isn't good but the flavor here was just bad. I can't put my finger on what kind of bad, but it was bad.So tacos that could have been better, beans that could have been out of a can and bad rice all adds up to a place that I sadly can't in good conscience recommend.To top it off, it took three different visits before I could actually buy any food. The first time I went was after 2:00pm but before 3:00 but they had already closed. The second time they had to close early due to some equipment malfunction (makes me think of Precious, the coffee kiosk lady on "Come Fly With Me" for all you BBC viewers). So from a pure effort point of view, it took me three times to get a meal here and when I got it it left a LOT to be desired.Very dissapointing.That being said, they have just been open a few weeks, which is why I am giving two stars instead of one. Maybe I'll give it a month or two and try it again. If they can just flavor their beef a little more and try and turn out some good ole' homemade frijoles, I might eventually love them!
3	I had an awful hangover and their chorizo burrito came to the rescue. I was a little unnerved by the fact that the chorizo was sort of pinkish red but it tasted fine and put me on the road to recovery.
3	About the only taco/burro joint right downtown.  Serviceable...oak...satisfied a craving
2	The tacos taste great, but they are greasy. Seriously greasy.  Way too much grease.  It's a bummer.
4	3.5 but rounded up to 4 It is quick and convenient when I am jonesin' for Mexican food.  No frills, just simple standard Mexican fare (tacos, burritos, tamales, etc).  They have a different soup every day of the week.  My favorite day is Wednesday - Cocido Day.  Cocido/Caldo de Res is a flavorful simple beef broth with chunks of simmered meat. large pieces of potato, carrot and cabbage.  A very simple soup but satisfying.  Friday is Menudo/Posole Day - Again flavorful and satisfying.  Their portions are generous and their prices, I find, are real world and not downtown prices. This also solidifies the 4 star rating.  The staff is friendly and food good.  Simple...easy...
4	I ate there for the first time today, and I loved it. Good, reasonably-priced food (especially for downtown) and it reminded me of the little Mexican restaurants in northern Colorado where I'm from. Friendly staff and peaceful atmosphere
