5	absolutely beautiful place to get married! the staff was extremely helpful with accommodating our needs and the wedding was perfect! they have two chapels (one for more intimate weddings) and they were both gorgeous and brand new...don't waste your time anywhere else!
5	Don't let the outside deceive you, just because they don't have all of the usual "Vegas" flare doesn't mean they aren't a great place to go.  The wedding place is a quaint little chapel that is beautifully decorated.  The staff is great, very accommodating and helpful, they go that extra mile to make sure your special moment is just that, special. Plus here's the kicker, they don't try and sell you on everything they can just to make an extra buck, they are sincerely concerned for "your" needs.
4	I had a overall great experience. I had coordinator David who was very helpful. He was patient, pleasant, and got back to me in a timely manner. The facility is small yet very nice and comfortable. Staff was pleasant. Limo service was cool. The minister was pleasant, motivating, and thoughtful, although she could have spoken a little louder she was good. Short yet Sweet ceremony. Pros:- We were able  to have my own music-We got to say our own quick vows-Live Stream-Received CD/DVD the next day -Affordable-Date availability-Close to marriage bureauCons;- They should have a coordinator on the premises to guide and keep flow going, instead of photographer-Music was a little to loud for my ceremony, someone should be in control of that instead of photographerOverall good memory of my Wedding Day.
5	This place was great. My (now) wife and I flew in from Japan and had zero issues! These guys took care of everything. We got a Cadillac Escalade limo, flowers, 90+ photos, the gown, the tux, the minister... All for under $700! The location was good. The cake was good! This place was amazing. I know there are a lot of wedding places in Vegas, but I didn't go to them, I went here and I'll never need to go anywhere else again. Even the minister was amazing. The words he spoke were so sincere and touching! The man genuinely cares! The receptionist was soooo nice. I like her! After the ceremony, they had an additional on site photographer. He took 25 pics. We get to choose one for free, but are welcome to buy some.... $20 per picture.... But because it was our actual wedding day, the dude kicked us the ENTIRE DISC, all 25, for $150.... My wife is STILL sitting next to me on her computer looking at them. When I say a professional photographer, I mean PROFESSIONAL ... Dude is Goooood. It's not easy to make me look good in a picture... And this dude did it 21/25 times. That's some skills brah! Mahalo to him! However that's NOT to take away from homegirl at the desk. We paid for her to do 77... She took 90. No extra charge! She did great too and we LOVE her and her photos and could've walked out even Steven... However, I'm telling you that dude in his studio was solid! $20 each? That's $500 of photos... Swiped my card immediately, no questions, $150.... There's no way to even think twice about it... I kinda wanna hire him just to hangout and follow me around... Lol. Over all this place was excellent. And d you're thinking about cost, check it. Wedding ceremony GownTuxMinisterCandle ceremony Flowers Limo90 photos plus 25 proNEXT DAY express marriage certificate Cake Drink $800 (rounded). I don't know about you but that's a DEAL! If you're gonna married in Vegas, and you wanna be ear to ear smiles and happy... Please come here. So worth it!
4	I was here for a wedding this weekend with two of my best friends in the world, and I don't think they could have picked a more appropriate place. Its a small building with one room set up as the bride room, and one room for the ceremony.  The staff was wonderful, making sure to hide the groom away until the bride was settled in the bride room.  They provided a bouquet of silk flowers for the bride, too, so they didn't have to worry about arranging for flowers. The officiator was awesome.  He was funny, he was well spoken, and very kind. The photographer got some great pictures as well.It was a great experience for all who attended, and the bride and groom were extremely pleased as well.  Great job!
