3	Would you like a side of grease with your grease? Because that's what's served up here 24/7. Our hotel ended up being just two doors down from our hotel on Basline, so we ate here twice in one day. Once for breakfast and one late-night, farewell sesh to the WH. We stuck to the classics for breakfast, splitting a plain Belgian waffle and each having a bacon, egg & American cheese sandwich with a side of hash browns. You can get the browns a number of ways, but they're all served "scattered," pretty much meaning they're thrown on the grill. Then you can go "splattered" (grilled onions), "peppered" (jalapenos), "chunked" (ham), "capped" (mushrooms)... you get the idea. You can even get all the fixins if you're feeling macho.What would we order again and again if we had more than a few days in Arizona? Easily the Texas cheese melt--oohwhee, gooey cheesesteak and onions inside some bready Texas toast. Wash it down with their Iced Tea and pray to the Pepto Bismol gods for mercy.
4	A few years ago, I took a trip to Phoenix as a thank-you gift from a client.  Hey, win a $330,000,000 case, get a free weekend trip to Phoenix.  Who knew?  What was the highlight of the trip?  The fantastic hotel?  Nope.  The multiple free rounds of golf in the middle of February?  Nope.  The adoration of my client, who owed their entire continued corporate existence to my courtroom magic?  Oddly, nope.  Waffle House?  You got it!The Mason-Dixon line can also be called the IHOP-Waffle House line.  North of the line, IHOPs abound.  South of the line, Waffle Houses flourish.  Given my choice, I'd take Waffle House every time.  Here's why.1.  Everything on the menu can be added as a side order to anything else.  Want bacon and eggs?  Fine.  Want to add 1 pork chop to that order?  $1.99 more.  Want to add 2 pork chops to that order?  $2.99 more.  And so on, all the way up to 6 pork chops.  Same story if you want to add a t-bone (higher price, but still).  So, you can literally start with bacon & eggs and end up with a 15,000 calorie buffet-buster, and still be out....maybe....$10.2. The waitresses don't fark around.  They keep the water and diet Pepsi coming, call me "hon," and get the job done.  Plus, the check comes with the meal, which saves me time when the ambulance arrives to take me to the ER for an emergency stomach pumping.3. No reservations required.Listen, I can eat New American food till the cows come home.  But sometimes, you just need a little old fashioned Low American.  Traditional.  And Waffle House fits the bill.
3	There are Waffle Houses all over the U.S. but this one is particularly different for two reasons.One, it's located across from Tempe's favorite outlet mall, yet the restaurant is "technically" in Guadalupe. That means you pay higher sales tax on your meal than you would across the street. I believe it's in the 10% range.Also, if you go there late enough you can catch a stripper in there eating a meal after her stint next door at Christie's. Parking is not great, particularly on a weekend morning and the place is not very large so sometimes the line goes out the door on weekends...For a Waffle House?I've found that Waffle Houses are not inexpensive, they are merely convenient. You can find better eggs, better steaks and better meals elsewhere. It's simply not worth waiting in line for on Saturday morning. At 2 am however, when you crave a hot pecan waffle and could run into a stripper in 4 inch heels, Baseline Waffle House could be an interesting place.
3	Ah, the Waffle House. I won't go into any detail regarding decor, food, or even service, because after sampling several dozen of these establishments across the country, I can say that they're all pretty much alike. What made this experience stand out was the fact that some poor kid was experiencing his first day at work here, and watching him blunder around blindly and watching the more experienced workers giving him only the minimum guidance (with maximum attitude) made this more like a dinner show than a simple late morning breakfast. It was riveting. I hope he hangs in there...
5	Happy! The people who work here are super-friendly, attentive, and cook your food to order and it comes out FAST. Meals are inexpensive and I had NO issue with grease, and I ordered my hashbrowns with "the works" which included sauteed veggies and chili. The chili had a lot of meat in it, too, pretty awesome! I also had an order of biscuits and gravy and I was super-happy with that, as the biscuits were soft and chewy with just a few crunchy edges. The gravy may be a little salty for some but for me it was perfect! Even had some mystery chunks in there (sausage?) that gave the dish depth. I enjoyed it and I will be back!
4	Dear Waffle House,  I love you dearly.  You are like a comfy pair of shoes, or a really good boyfriend.  Your always available 24 hours a day, your always within a few miles of me, and your food is reliable comforting goodness.I came home from work on Friday tired and very stressed out.  When I woke  up Saturday Morning, the mood was somewhat still present. I decided that I needed to treat myself to a warm hearty breakfast, and I knew I was overdue for a visit to a Waffle house.This location is just like all the others, in regards to size and design.  It seems to be a more dated, possibly older version of some of the other waffle houses I have been in.  But, the food here is always good, reliable and tasty.  I had eggs, hash browns and raisin toast with coffee.  I cleaned my plate and left one happy camper!
1	I have't been to a Waffle House in 20 years... Now I remember why.If you're looking quick, cheap, greasy spoon type food... Don't come here, it falls far below that standard.Not any cheaper than a comparable meal at Ihop or Denny's, with much lower quality. The food at Flying J and Petro blows Waffle House out of the water.Thin chewy waffles, undercooked hash browns, pasty sausage gravy, super salty diaphanous bacon...all rubbish.Even the butter was some sort of "butter like" spread in an individual serving tub.The premises were wet. Having come off 4 days of rain I was willing to give some latitude. Then I encountered the smell.Upon peering behind the counter I discovered a small marsh which, at a guess, was caused by backup or overflow from the dishwasher.Why won't yelp allow me to give a zero rating?
4	Yum yum... I *heart* Waffle House!   It's cheap, fresh food, fast... 24 hours a day.  What's not to like?  Sure, sometimes it's a lil greasy but, it's not as bad as some and in a 24 hour breakfast joint like this, a lil grease is to be expected.  Trust me and try the biscuits and gravy (gluttony) or plain grilled chicken sandwich (healthier)... they delish!  That being said, they have a pretty good salad, if you're ever in an no-grease mood while at Waffle House. And don't get the waffles... they're weirdly one of the worst things on the menu!Good people watching and juke box selections at this location... especially as it's right next door to a strip club!  Woot woot!See ya there!
3	Great after a night out drinkin! Gets crowded but it was pretty good. I would def go back. Waffles and omelets were delish
5	We arrived with 14 people and were greeted with smiles and treated very well even though the workload was enormous for this small Waffle House staff.  The service was excellent.  Good Job!
4	I love the fact that this place is open 24/hours. We got our food to-go, so I couldn't really tell you what dining there was like. To be honest, the reason we got our food to go was because its a shit-hole structurally, and we didn't feel like being inside.
3	To start not good. We are from TX and love the waffle house. When we pulled up 2 cooks were outside playing around the waitress was on her cell phone there was no customers and tables were dirty. All of the staff working appeared to be teenagers or young 20's. Now once we ordered the food was good and the waitress was on point and by this time they had a 1/4 full house. I will give them a 3star but be cautious when you first drive up.
3	I've never been to a Waffle House but I enjoyed it.  The inside is not fancy.  In fact, most Denny's and IHOPs are nicer.  However, the service was good and the food was good.  Waffles were not crispy enough on the outside, but hash browns were very good and toast was good.
3	Always love the all-you-can-eat from 2pm-9pm. We just visit this place for this reason, had they not have this kind of promo, we're not going to waffle house. Staff are generally accommodating.
3	I ate breakfast here every morning while I was staying at the Ramada. It never got old and our waitress was always friendly. I highly recommend purchasing one of their coffee cups for $5.
2	I am giving 2 stars and that is only because the food was excellent. Service was horrible. First we pulled up to the restaurant and 4 employees (which was half the staff) were outside smoking. Then we are greeted by a very unhappy hostess, she didn't even make eye contact with us. She told us it would be a 5 minute wait and then turned her back to us. We then asked her if we could see a menu and she grunted and then grabbed a menu for us. Once seated our waitress was not on top of refilling our drinks, 2 times I had to ask her to refill either my drink or my friends. Place was very dirty. Then she forgot my hashbrowns, which was fine because the food that was delivered was huge portions and we just shared.
2	Whoever the new owner of this branch just lost a business. We used to frequent here for the all-you-can-eat promo from 2-9pm 24/7 but with the new management and staff, nah. Meh.
4	I love the Waffle House, and being from California, don't get to eat here enough.  Stopped at this one around 0130 on a Sunday morning.  3 of the 4 of us in our group were greeted right away, but they forgot me.  I mentioned that to them, got a free waffle.  Great staff here, and the food is always the same, which in my opinion, is great grub!
2	They only get 2 stars because the price.  I know the Waffle House isn't known for their service but, today's was horrible. The cooks had yelled for our order to be picked up 4 times and she kept walking by it and even took another order after ours was finished...before bringing ours.Jodi was our "server".  Late night is way better
2	With Waffle House I guess you have to set your expectations accurately. You know your food will arrive fast and it will be typical greasy spoon type fare.This particular location is a bit hectic and possibly a bit off with respect to consistency of food and service.I guess this may be good if you were hungover, drunk, or just broke and in need of some sustenance. Other than that I would save your three bucks and spend 5 over at The Cracker Barrel as the Waffle at this Phoenix location was more like a flat, soggy, burnt biscuit.
4	my 2nd time at a WH and I think they are great. Open 24 hours. We were in Phoenix visiting family and staying in a hotel with my parents and needed to get some alone time. Cheap, diner food, but always freshly made. I had waffles and they come with all kinds of topping options. I had plain and they are still very fresh and light. The loaded hash browns here are great too and you can choose from chili, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, ham, sausage, cheese, gravy or all of them. My hubby had all and it was really good. Really fast service and cheap prices.
3	The food is really good. Ended up eating at this place back to back for our morning starts. The only set back is it can get a bit pricey cause their combos don't include everything you want so the cost adds up as you add sides. Still worth it though.
3	Service was friendly and attentive.  We were a party of four and each had eggs, hash brown, ham or bacon, toast and a waffle.  Food was good. However, I expected more of their "waffle", afterall, its in their name.  Waffle was a little underdone for my liking and there wasn't anything that stood out as far as taste. We were entertained by their digital jukebox with Kenny Rogers singing tunes about the restaurant...."only at the wafffllleee hoooouusssee" and "raaaaaisin tooooast"I did like their thick coffee mugs and bought one as I left for $5
3	I tried straberry waffle, it was fluffy and delicious... Coffe was ok. This is comparable with a Denis (if you ask me)I Did not expect to much from this restaurant; andIi liked what was served at my table.
3	Great Breakfast at 0430. Just your basic good old greasy spoon type of dinner. Get a pecan waffle.. you will NOT be disapointed.
3	Cheap, clean and consistent. Service is always good. My husband and I always eat our pie first. Be mindful this is designed as drunk food, so eating it sober might not agree with your belly right away. Also, I don't think the soda fountain is cleaned often; it tastes a little funky.
3	Let me just start off by saying, I will never hold Waffle House to a very high expectation simply because it's Waffle House. That isn't to say that they don't have some pretty tasty things on the menu, though.Every Waffle House I've ever been to just seems dirty to me. I don't know if it's because I can see all of the waffle presses and all of the ingredients or maybe it's because I can see them cooking my food? I don't know. My sister, my boyfriend and I wanted to get some grub before we hit a late showing of Insidious Chapter  2 last night and it just so happens that Waffle House is located just across Baseline Road from AZ Mills Mall. Their menu is a little overwhelming to me, but then again there are quite a few options for everyone's taste, which I can respect. So eventually we make our decision and I get my hot chocolate and everything is fine minus the lipstick on my mug. Then I get my food.So. My food was okay. Except for one thing that bothered me. I ordered the Smothered Hashbrowns which just means that they hashbrowns are supposed to be covered in cheese. Um. No. They were a normal serving of hasbrowns with a piece of American Cheese just melted right on top. It still held the perfect square shape of the cheese. Whatever. I still ate it. The service was decent. She was quick to take our order and quick to bring us our food. She didn't really speak to us other than that and she seemed to be a little irritated that it was taking some time for us to make our decisions. One more thing.. WHY IS THE CASH REGISTER IN A BOOTH? You either lean over the table to pay or crawl into the booth, I guess!But! As I previously stated, Waffle House is Waffle House and I can't hold the standards too high against them.
3	Cheap, easy menu, add cheese to just about anything they serve. Clean, small, fast service and grits! Love it.
1	We are Waffle House nuts and if there is one anywhere near where we travel, we go there.  In the last year alone we have probably visited at least 12 different locations in half a dozen states.  Having said that, I have to say that this was the worst that we have ever seen. We were there at 11 AM. Not that busy. No greeting. Got a booth right away. Sat there for over 5 min. Before we stoped a wait person to be waited on. Trash on main floor, and on kitchen floor, not cleaned up in 40 min we were there. No refill on drinks until we stoped someone. No pickup of dirty dishes on our table as they were emptied or on other tables after patrons left.
5	Great service! Great value! Great food! Love waffle house! Left a good tip for my very awesome server.  My coffee cup was never empty! And was clean and friendly! Was greeted right away!
5	this particular Waffle House is great! super clean! food was perfect.. my waiter demarea was great along with the rest of the staff who greeted everyone with a smile as they came through the door. the energy here is amazing.... would deff stop by again when in town..
5	Will someone explain why there are no Waffle House's in Cali ?Usually male waiters suck as they don't pay attention to the small things but this group was on it"The food here is so good and greasy. LolThe place is very clean as the staff was cleaning the entire time.
1	Walked in, grabbed a booth, restaurant was empty so we got a waitress right away.  Let's just say, we didn't even last long enough to enjoy the 'sucky' food (as everyone else stated) One of the waiters was banging around dishes... We were so annoyed that we almost got up and left. Then, I saw him come closer to us with his dishes and didn't even attempt to be quiet! He was putting the coffee cups back and was literally banging them. We got up and left. If I owned that restaurant, I would not handle that kind of BS and his ass would have been fired. Save yourself the trouble and head down the road a little bit until you hit Whole Foods :) better food, better customer service.
5	We made a quick stop at this place and even though we ended up having to leave without eating, I wanted to mention the service was great. We were promptly greeted and seated, and our server was great. I believe his name is Brad.
3	Coming from California, I would say that this place is pretty legit. I mean the food is pretty ok. I mean it's no 4 star restaurant, but the place has great music and the service is very quick. If you are trying to go on a diet, then stay away from this place because the salad is even fattening. I also love the diversity within the restaurant and would recommend this place to who ever wants a quick meal before going to a baseball game or a long journey.
1	Love the waffle house but the one baseline sucks.  We waited suck a long time ended up leaving and went to Denny's.   I would recommend not going to the one on baseline.
1	Been here once with some friends late at night.  Good was alright, service was alright.  Our server had his girl hanging out who kept staring at us like we're about to "steal" her man....we were on a double date.  Worst part, the cook was brushing his hair with a fork...it was disgusting.  I stopped eating instantly. Will not return for any reason at all.
5	Ate there two nights in a row! Both nights the breakfast was cooking perfect! Eggs, waffle, bacon, hashbrowns were all made prefect by the cook Adam...I believe that was his name was
5	We came here after spending some time at the strip club next door. This place has awesome breakfast food and really cool staff. Their sausage patties were not greasy and their waffles were delicious. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd definitely go back..but I can't say the same for the strip joint next door. Uber!
4	Been here twice while on different vacations.  Staff is attentive, food is good and if you sit at the counter, its fun to watch everyone work behind the counter.If you have kids with you, have your kids ask for a paper hat, they'll love it.
4	LaJoy was a rela joy having her as a server! The food here was pretty good, and the place was packed! They (Waffle House) need to come to Washington State!!! This is a very busy location though, so be prepared to wait a little bit to get seated.
4	After reading the reviews for this Waffle House, I wasn't sure if I should risk my only chance at eating at a Waffle House at this location. However, I took my chances and was not disappointed in the least. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and pointed to an available booth. We got service pretty quickly even on a pretty busy morning. The place was clean and efficient. Food was good: just as good as I remembered in my previous Waffle House experiences. For all the people complaining about how this isn't like IHOP or Denny's, that's kind of the point! Waffle House started as a truck stop 24 hour diner. And this location proves to continue that wonderful tradition. If you want IHOP or Denny's, just go there!
5	I make appearances all over the county and when I am in a city with a WH I GO!!  this WH has been there forever I lived in Tempe 37 years ago and I think it was there then , I love the hash browns, smoothed , covered and chunked !!!! The best ! Just down home fun food
4	In reading the other reviews on the food, I was somewhat hesitant on dining here.  I am glad that we took a chance, as all the staff were friendly and warm.   They appeared to enjoy their time at work and consequently their interactions with customers were sincere and greatly appreciated by my family and I.In terms of the quality of food, it was okay for the price.  I wouldn't and shouldn't expect a 5 star dining experience or high quality food when the average cost is about $7 per person.
1	First time coming in with my husband and we both agreed it was worth a shot. The minute we walked in, it was pretty empty and my husband and I waited by the door. I assumed it would be like other restaurants to wait to get seated. And I was wrong. We waited 20 minutes before a worker finally acknowledged us. Keep in mind, it was pretty empty in there with 5 workers just walking around. He let us know we can sit anywhere. At that point my husband was irritated and we just left. Service was not great. Never coming back.
5	Great service and food. The team at this location works well together and the energy is catching.  They are across from Arizona Mills Mall. Good location to eat.
