5	Apollo and his crew did excellent work on my remodel project.  What I thought was going to be an extensive task turn out to be quite easy since I just told Apollo what I wanted and he pretty much did the rest.  I liked Nulook because I didn't have to go to different stores to redo different parts of my house. They took care of my flooring with hardwood and stone, bathrooms, and kitchen with beautiful cabinets and countertop. Apollo is very knowledgable at what he does and super easy to talk to.  He doesn't throw the hardcore salesmenship at you.  Apollo also has a good eye for design offering me some suggestions on colors and styles that turned out to work really well.  Most importantly to me is that he was professional and stayed on top of things from start to finish so I didn't have to worry about a thing.I would definitely recommend Nulook for any work you need to do to your house.
5	Nulook really knows what they are doing! I had searched all over vegas and got quotes from many different vendors, but i felt that Apollo was overall the best.  He was very reasonable with his pricing and his team always met deadlines.  My home now looks beautiful with the natural maple floors and brand new cabinets.  Apollo was a definite pleasure to work with and I recommend him to anyone looking to remodel their home.
5	They did an excellent job on my flooring and backsplash. I'm very happy with their work and recommend them to everyone.
5	Nulook offers a huge selection of "healthy" floors, and Apollo is very knowledgable and helpful. 100% satisfied when the floors he installed in my living room =D =D
4	Great company to work with and very affordable prices. Lots of inventory to choose from as well, almost too much :) We did our whole downstairs with wood laminate as well as new baseboards which turned out great. They were very honest people to work with & we will be using them again when we do our upstairs.
5	After shopping all around Las Vegas, Henderson, and N. Las Vegas.  I was referred to Apollo @ Nulook Flooring and saved hundreds of dollars!!! Don't waste your time going anywhere else!  This place has the biggest selection in tile, wood, granite, and marble, just to name a few... Quality and costumer service was also second to none!  I would recommend anyone to compete or compare with Nulook.  It just doest get any better then these guys.  I look forward to my next project and now, I am excited to know, I only need to shop at 1 place! NH
5	I purchase homes in the greater Las Vegas area for rentals and flipping so I had to find a reliable flooring company to do business with. A friend referred me to Nulook Floor and i'm very thankful he did. this place is great! The owner Apollo is a breath of fresh air in the flooring business! The one quality about him was that he LISTENS to your needs. If you're like me, hard sell tactics just make you run in the other direction. I refuse to do business with people who can't deal with me squarely. Apollo was an absolute pleasure to do business with.He was able to come out to measure the same day since i was crunched for time, and we scheduled the installation for the following week.The installers showed up on time, worked efficiently, and completed the job in a few hours. They were polite and cleaned up well after themselves. The living room and kitchen really shine after the great product recommendation Apollo had given me. NuLooks overall service, prices and their attitude was exemplary.  I would recommend them without hesitation!
5	Apollo did a great job with the remodeling job on the house i bought out near Vegas. i was kind of rude at first to see how he would respond, but he wouldn't break. i also told him that i needed it done by the end of summer and sure enough, without any complaints, his team came through for me. i recommend Apollo at Nulook Floors for any remodeling you have to on your home!
5	My floor was done in a such poor workmanship by the previous company I found on craiglist.  Gladly I found Nulook to fixed everything.  Apollo definitely provide great qulity floor job.  The guy is all about perfection once it comes to about flooring, he explain very detail about the Tile I should use and differece using Laminate and Real wood in desert area.  Apollo is definitely expert in this field and my floor came out awesome.
5	When I purchased my new home I needed to replace the floors in my restrooms to tile. I shopped around and found that the price of installation and products was very competitive here. Apollo and his team are very honest and straight forward with you. I like that before they do any of the work, they will follow up with you to make sure that is exactly what you want done. I loved how quick and easy the process was.  For my next project, I will surely go to NuLook !
5	The staff and owner are tremendously helpful and knowledgeable. Most importantly, the quality of the materials is remarkable, especially for the cost!I highly recommend to anyone and everyone to have their flooring done through Nulook Floor.  They are absolutely THE BEST in town!
5	Just bought my first rental in Vegas and I needed new floors so I called up Apollo thanks to other yelpers. I got a great deal and Apollo was very efficient unlike the other contractors I've hired in the past. I would recommend this place to anyone in the Vegas area.
2	I really wanted to give this group a better rating... My husband and I work in construction and know how to measure. Since we weren't closing on our home for another 2 weeks, we took our own measurements on a floor plan and went to NuLook to get a rough estimate for laying down some laminate and base. They guys were very friendly and knowledgable and we were pretty set on just using them for the job. We ended up passing another flooring store down the road and figured lets get a 2nd quote and see if they have different products. We got our 2nd quote, went home and discussed our options. Come the day after we close on our home my husband goes back to NuLook to see if we could get someone to come officially measure right away. They wouldn't have anyone for another 4 days and they would call us to set up a time. 6 days later, we heard nothing. We called but there was no answer. Poor customer service in my opinion. We took our business to the 2nd place and we are extremely happy with the outcome! Sorry NuLook, in this economy, you would think you would follow up on a job...
5	My wife and I had several quotes from different flooring companies and Nulook flooring gave us the best deal. However, we didn't only choose Nulook floor for the great deal but also, and equally important, the quality of materials and professional installation. We are very happy with all these things. In addition to this, they also give a 1 year warranty on installation. I highly recommend to anyone that is looking to upgrade their floors.
5	Like some others I was skeptical because the base boards that I bought were so cheap in comparison to Lowe's or even lumber liquidators.  But the quality of the baseboards was great for the price and the service was good
5	Love the service.  We came in at about 5:30--- we thought the store closed at 6, but apparently they close at 5.  Apollo welcomed us in like it was 3:00 in the afternoon, didn't even mention that they were closed or try to rush us out. It looks like a pretty small store, but there is another room with more options, although when you walk in --- there are already lots of options to look at... it's almost overwhelming!  Options are great, but not when you're trying to decide on you're lifetime floors and aren't good at making decisions!The great thing about their customer services is the knowledge Apollo had about everything!  All our questions were answered w/out any extra crap that we didn't need to know-- or sales pitches.  It was just strait forward information and tips on how to choose.   [Even told us NOT to buy a particular wood that I chose because they were going to pull it off the floor and discontinue the sale.]  Apollo gave us pricing on the spot- gave us quotes for the job we needed done really quickly for a couple different options we chose, and even told us that if we needed to come in to look some more to just give him a call if it's after 5:00.  Love their pricing.Love the customer service. Love the information. Love how they are so friendly and are super accommodating.  It was so easy to talk to them- and get exactly what we needed... Thanks Nulook! Can't wait to take pics and post them!
5	I can't say enough about Apollo, Greg and Nulook Floors.  I had just got my keys to my new home on Friday before Easter and had found Nulook on Yelp, so I stopped in and liked the flooring selection.  Being from CA, I don't know any stores or providers so I decided to check out a couple others stores. I was only in town until noon Saturday. I came back Friday afternoon and picked up a couple flooring samples and made a measurement appointment for Saturday. Greg showed up on time on a holiday weekend and had a smile on his face. About an hour later I stopped by the store and they had a great quote ready for me and we had a deal. It was installed by the following Friday.  Apollo and Greg made this purchase super easy and cost competitive. The icing on the cake was the incredibly beautiful job the installers did. They left my home in move in condition!! I can not thank everyone involved enough!! I will use Nulook in the future and recommend Nulook to all my friends and family!
5	We were looking to replace the flooring on the entire top floor of our house on a budget.  After getting multiple quotes from larger well known companies around town we were pretty discouraged and took to the internet to find an alternative.  We found Nulook on a Sunday and and got there right before close.  Apollo was very helpful and guided us through his showroom showing us what could fit our budget.  Nulook's pricing cam back VERY competitive and it was a no brainer to go with them.  Our carpet looks great and we finally have tile in the bathrooms!  Both of Apollo's sub contractors that did the installs were very professional and considerate while in our home. The project even came in under budget!  I would highly recommend using Nulook for your next flooring project.
5	I own a condo (rental) in Las Vegas, but live in LA. Our tenant skipped out and left the place a mess. We called Apollo and Joseph, who were able to get new floors installed 3 days later ( fast turn around) and at a competitive price. They were really helpful, and the installation crew was friendly and professional. I would definitely recommend their service to others! They did a great job.
5	Me and my wife were looking to replace the carpet upstairs and downstairs in our house. I found Nulook on yelp. Joseph came out and gave us an estimate the same day I called him.The price was cheaper than I thought it would be. He was very knowledgeable and helpful. The store had a very good selection to choose from and the pricing was very reasonable. The installers did a outstanding job. They even moved some of the heavy furniture. They worked efficiently and completed the job on time. They were polite and cleaned up after themselves when they were done. The new flooring looks great and my wife loves the new look.I highly recommend Nulook Floor to anyone who is looking to have there flooring done.
5	After shopping around through all the major stores with their sales, Nulook Floors were hands down the best.  I was able to get new base boards, removal, and installation for half the price of Home Depot and Lowes.  Thank you Nulook!  I'm happy
5	I went to get quotes from a few different flooring companies to get new flooring for our business breakroom floor. Every quote was between the 1600 to 2000 range, but when I contacted Nulook they were able to quote me 1000 which was significantly lower than the other places. When I told them my budget was 800, the employee there was very kind and took the time to work this price down to 800! My entire experience with them was great. From the quote, to the customer service, to the final product. I will definitely be recommending this company to our other business managers. The score on yelp is well deserved and now I understand why everyone else rated them 5 stars. Thank you for the great floor and deal!
5	We moved into our home in 2009 and got rid of the carpet and placed wood flooring. We love the wood floors! We did most of the house except for the 3 unoccupied bedrooms. We figured we could budget for it later and leave the carpet there for now. Well, we are now expecting our first little one and are in a mad dash to get his nursery done. We knew we wanted the wood floors for his nursery because it's so much cleaner & easier to maintain than carpet. We went back to the same company we originally purchased the floors from but they did not have any in stock. We went shopping around at other places and it was quite expensive and the wood was not exactly the same.We finally found the exact product at Nulook and they were able to give us a great price and have it shipped in a timely manner. The transaction was seamless. They were professional & friendly. I would recommend them to anyone looking for new flooring.
5	We just moved to Henderson near Las Vegas and bought an older home that badly needed updating. We got a number of quotes for re-tiling and re-flooring our home, and Apollo had the best price with all the features we were looking for. Apollo was very responsive to everything we needed, especially when some of the workers didn't do things perfectly. Apollo followed up, stayed in touch with us, and made sure the job got done! This store was a great value with the best prices around Vegas and we love the completed work!
5	Stop searching. You've found them. I came to Yelp to get reviews on flooring options, and Nulook (as you can see) has great reviews. Walked into their showroom... it was quick, simple, and about 20% less than the lowest quote I received.Their installs are usually Mon-Sat... but I offered to throw a $100 tip if the guys could do it Sunday. Their installer said sure... They came by, were friendly quick, courteous, and the floors look awesome.Another slam-dunk experience with a Yelp star. Floors... these are your guys.
2	a 3 day kitchen remodel has turned into an 8 day job. all these 5 star reviews must be from people they know.  the only good thing I can say is that at least they answer their phones.
1	Stopped by 2 weeks ago and set up measuring appointment with Joseph.Said he was the manager.  He came out and did the measuring ...fine.Never heard back from him and I called him on two separate occasions.  Not dependable and doesn't follow through.
5	I'm really happy I chose Nulook to install our new flooring. They were flexible with my close date and made sure I was able to move into my new home on time. The installers finished earlier than promised and made sure the job was done clean. They also replaced our existing baseboards and did very well. I saved lots of money going through Nulook and did not sacrifice quality. I would highly recommend Nulook to anyone that's looking for a quality job for the best price.
5	Thanks Apollo for following up and doing a great job!!!!!!  Carlos the installer showed up on time and also did a great job!!!!!!I will definitely recommend you to the people I know!
5	Recently came and had this awesome company redo my sinks and cabinets in my salon. They did the most amazing job and now I have brand new eye candy for my clients! This company offered me a reasonable price and got the job done in a timely matter. I def recommend this place to anyone who wants to remodel their home!
5	We got estimates in 3 different locations before coming to Nulook Floors. Manny hooked us up! They were awesome! Matt did our wood flooring and was done in a day and a half. He did such a good job! Couldn't be any happier. Looking forward to doing our upstairs w them next yr.
5	Once again I used them for another room. the flooring I wanted was on back order. Manny was good keeping me updated. I wan't in a rush to have it installed but once it was in Manny want to install the next day. Unfortunately I wasn't available.   Floor likes great. Can't wait to replace flooring in another bedroom.
5	NuLook Floor is amazing!Manny and Apollo was very nice to deal with and made us feel taken care of through the whole process.Very knowledgable and efficient.I would highly recommend to anyone that's looking for a quality job for the best price!
5	Have used them for 4 rooms and each time everything has turned out perfect.  Very responsive to questions and willing to make minor changes on the fly.  Customer service is great and they definitely care about their customers.  Very good selection of products and very knowledgeable about their products.  Even the installation crew was courteous professional and went above and beyond to make sure we were happy.  They didn't complain about helping me move furnitrue or anything else.
5	Really great company in Vegas! These guys are great,  really friendly and professional. I had an issue with an installer they had used and Nulook took care of everything. They made him come back and fix everything I didn't like at no cost to me. Really great customer service, and everything worked out perfect. The floor looks absolutely perfect. I would definitely recommend them!
5	We received great service from Nulook and Manny was excellent to deal with. They did the stone and granite on our custom outdoor kitchen and it turned out fabulous! Thank you and will be working with you again:)
5	Very professional and knowledgable people here. Manny walked us through all options and explained everything with no hard sell tactics. We had shopped at Lumber Liquidators, Home Depot and several local flooring centers before visiting NuLook Floor. This was the only place we visited that actually took the time and listened to what we were trying to accomplish. They happened to have a 12 mm laminate in stock that was at an unbelievable price!  We originally planned on doing 2 bedrooms but went for all 3 bedrooms and a walk in closet and new 4 inch molding at a price that was MORE than reasonable.  Matt the installer was professional and punctual. His assistant Danny was also very professional and courteous. Manny explained all the pad options, we went with the upgraded pad and it really sounds solid under foot. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Nu Look Floor, the job came out way above my expectations!
5	Yelp helped us again.   We were looking for great price on flooring and found one thanks to the Yelp.   Manny was very helpful from the beginning.    He new we had a budget and he worked with us on the price.    Their installer was on time and very professional.    Our floor looks fabulous.     Thank you Nulook Floor!!
1	I called Nulook Flooring after reading the reviews on Yelp. I was looking to do flooring  instead of carpet in the upstairs of my house. I was curious on price, but understandably they told me they would have to measure and choose a flooring which they then could provide an estimate. Well, a guy came over to my house to take measurements and said he would call me in a few hours. He did not only not call me in a few hours, he NEVER called back at all!!!!! Great service Nulook. You would think they would want business and if you sent a guy over to do measurements wouldn't you want to follow through with that?!
5	Apollo was really easy to talk to and very knowledgeable of what he does, him and other staffs didn't try to up sell us based on the price but listen to what we need and gave suggestions. We can't be happier with result!!! will defly come back in the future.
5	I just got my floors and fireplace done by Nulook and I am super satisfied. I think that when dealing with big projects and home improvements, everyone wants great service, high quality products and a good price, and on this job Nulook nailed it.The service was great. They were very patient too. However, they are busy guys, so you have to do your part. Everyone was really nice and knowledgeable, from Manny and Apollo (back in the store), to Abel and his crew (the installers). I wanted special stuff, such as: an eco-friendly laminate and underlayment, a specific shade of gray and a particular brand. Nulook went above and beyond to get what I wanted and to do the job when it was most convenient for me. I got exactly what I was looking for: one thousand square feet of Graphite Gray Tecsun laminate, a padding made out of recycled material, new baseboards and a beautiful fireplace. All done in just 3.5 days! As you can see in the pictures, the quality of the floors and the installation is amazing. They also did a great job solving a few minor last-minute installation obstacles specific to my home. They obviously knew what they were doing. Last but not least,  the price was right. I thoroughly researched pricing for every service and product needed to complete my home improvement project: the laminate I wanted, the price of the special order eco-frendly underlayment, the price of installation and carpet removal, even the price of the baseboards. I checked online stores, Lumber Liquidators, Lowes, and other large stores in town. Nulook was the way to go.I have no complaints. I am a happy customer and I am even thinking about remodeling my laundry room and possibly installing new cabinets in the kitchen with this company. They do everything!
5	Best place to shop for everything I need at my home, from bathroom to kitchen.
