5	Construction Junction is a gem. Find gently and not so gently used furniture, building supplies, lighting, and all sorts of other stuff. The warehouse is huge, and if you look, there are some seriously cool treasures here. A giant(I'm talking probably 12' wide) chandelier, a wood-burning stove, 27 tons of sand stone in the parking lot. This is a great place to get cheap building supplies and help out the environment by recycling.That isn't the best part, though(Well it might be, depending on what you're here for). Construction junction is also home to many other awesome things. Most notably, the space upstairs is aptly named The Space Upstairs - enter from the side into the world of the modern improv dance troupe The Pillow Project( http://www.pillowproject.org/ ). Also, at night this is the location of Pittsburgh's FreeRide ( http://freeridepgh.org/ ) program - a bike information and repair program which encourages people to learn how to fix old bikes to make them new, even offering people a free bike to fix up if they volunteer a certain number of hours. It's also the home of the Steel City Big Pour, a local beer tasting event, and probably a lot more that I don't even know about.Construction Junction is definitely a treasure trove, and not just for building supplies, but for some of the coolest things in Pittsburgh
4	This is Recycling Central...Whether you're building a house more-or-less from scratch, remodeling a home, or into refinishing, you owe it to yourself to visit CJ on a regular basis. This is where I found my front door (with sidelights), a huge multi-pained window, and restorable old hutch - all of them with wavy glass! - two pedestal sinks, a stainless steel kitchen countertop with integral sink, a pair of exterior French doors, lighting fixtures, slate sidewalk stones.... This place even has recycled paint! I used it on my basement walls 'cause it's inexpensive (I needed five gallons). It looks great and seems to hold up well, even under adverse conditions.
5	You guys can't even imagine how much I love Construction Junction right now! After trying to work with a few other groups to pick up our old office furniture and having a heck of a time coordinating various logistical issues, the folks at Construction Junction made it so easy! Also, their guys did not even blink an eye when they saw how big/heavy these desks and tables were and got them out of here in no time. I love Construction Junction!
5	This place is a hidden gem. You NEED to go. I often find myself wondering through CJ finding random things I can turn into artwork. Although my visits are mostly for fun, CJ offers a lot to those who are looking to reuse items they may need for their house. They have random awesome things like basketball flooring and steel pipes, which made for a great new coffee table. The staff is extremely friendly and hard working and CJ is dedicated to donations to charity and the community. I like to frequent this place every month. What a great find. Check it out, if you know what is good for you.
3	I have been going to CJ since it opened. I try to go once a week. I have received some good deals there, but in the past couple years, the prices seem to be higher than they should be for used / overstock items. I find myself buying less items than I used to. I think if the prices were more reasonable, they would sell more.A new "reuse" store has opened in the area nearby. They have more reasonble prices and thier building is heated.
4	Construction Junction sells a ton of recycled items.They sell some of the following and the stock changed daily:Claw foot tubs for 200 dollarsOld church pewsPaintScreen doors for 10 dollarsCeiling tilesFencingFlooringand tons more.I purchased an old booth from here and refinished it.  I also got a nice formica table to go with it that was screaming retro!  During the summer months they have plants and stuff outside to purchase as well.  They take credit/debit cards here too.They have sales for different months of the year where you can save up to 50 percent off stuff that they have had in stock for a long time.
4	Dig, dig, dig and donate, donate, donate.You can find any and everything you could need/work with here.  In fact, the desk I'm typing this from is from CJ and is in perfect condition!The Big Pour doesn't hurt either ;)
2	just got off the phone with a lady from construction junction.  normally, i have had the best experiences there. . . all have been very cooperative and helpful.  but, i guess they are so successful that they are becoming arrogant.  here's the rub:  my hubby sent me a picture of a chandelier they had; i did not see the picture until 30 minutes later; by then he had left the store.  i called to BUY the chandelier over the phone.  this has been done before (we WERE construction junction junkies).  the lady adamantly refused to help me. she adamantly refuesed to even listen to a description of the fixture!  she gave the following excuses:" well, if you have been here in the last 12 years, you know how this place works";  "I can't go back there and try to find out what you want"; "i am the only one on the floor"; "this is first come, first serve"; "if your husband comes in and it is still here, then we'll sell it to him"  "how will i know which one it is - we have so many back there..." .... i could hear the smirk in her voice as she enjoyed blowing me off. . .  i even offered to send her the picture my husband sent me via email - she refused.  keep in mind, i wanted to pay for the item.  my husband cannot go back to construction junction today. . . most likely the item will be gone. . . it would have been nice had this  sales agent been more helpful - especially when it was clear how badly i wanted to buy the fixture.  she did not express any concern whatsoever for my requests:  (like, so sorry, i can't help you at the moment, please call back and i'll try to accomodate; give me a brief description and i'll try to find it... etc.).  sometimes, even if you can't accomodate someone, it's how you say it that makes all the difference.  construction junction will implode if it begins to treat its customers indifferently.
4	This place is so much fun and prices are fantastic.  I go in always with every intention to find a fabulous piece of furniture to bring my bedroom together. Clearly it just hasn't been donated yet, but I'm not giving up! I buy lots of "shiny fun stuff" to be all artsy-crafty with and I LOVE IT. The only thing I miss is the random paint they used to sell, now I know its all new paint containers. I'm sure its some legal mumbo jumbo, but its ok. Definitely worth checking out!
5	This is a great place to buy re-purposed old windows, office furniture, old industrial sinks, old wood, door knobs, electrical stuff and more for construction projects. Found a matching IKEA office cabinet with one I had for only $20. It was originally $450 and IKEA no longer made it so it was a great find!
4	i'm all for recycling / re-using/sustainability but a lot of the items in here are just ... junk / ugly crap that no one with any real aesthetic taste would want in their home.probably better for sourcing fixtures for industrial / commercial spaces ...
5	This is a great place to find restoration pieces for our old farmhouse.  Just make sure that you measure your doors/windows twice before going.  We live about an hour and a half away, so it's important we have a list and measurements before we set out.  I can't wait to return!
5	I have spent many hours wandering through Construction Junction. It's the type of place that you have to keep coming back to because you never know when you might find some treasure. They specialize in building surplus and reclaimed materials, so they have everything from an entire back wall full of old doors to full kitchens and a dozen toilets in different colors. It's a great place to check out if you are remodeling your house or if you're interested in finding something funky you'd never be able to find anywhere else. The staff here is also super helpful and there will always be someone around to help you get your new purchase out to your car. CJ is also home to one of Pittsburgh's recycling drop off centers, so you can come here to sort out your commingled recyclables and then go shopping for a new mantle or some headless manequins. You really never know what you might find.
5	Construction Junction is one of my favorite places in the city. Since I really like to make stuff, every time I walk through I get tons more ideas. When I buy a house, I'll be all over CJ to get awesome furnishings I can refurbish to fill it and fix it up.
4	If you have anything which needs to be recycled, this is your place. Also a great spot to look for used household/construction items for refurbishing your old Pittsburgh house. A neat concept, and worth checking out if you have not been here before.
5	I love this place. If you have a project that is on a budget or if you just want to go somewhere to get inspired to start a project than this is the place for you. They have everything here including the kitchen sink.
5	After weeks of oogling over the beautiful items posted on the facebook, I just HAD to come in and check it out for myself! I love to DIY and this is definitely the place for me. I almost felt like I was in a dream.  Sinks and cabinets and tiles and chairs and just whatever you could ever hope for! I ended up getting 3 chairs for an upholstering project.  They don't carry fabric, but pointed me in the direction of a craft&DIY store around the corner.Everything is so neat and organized, I don't know how they do it. All items are also reasonably priced.  The staff is also very friendly and helpful.All in all, this is definitely the spot for all of your DIY and home needs!
5	If you've got that talent to create something out of the unexpected, then you HAVE to stop here.I was looking for something unusual to use in my apartment for storage.  I had stopped at several big box stores around the city before here and left each one of them in disappointment. I must admit, driving to this place I was a little skeptical.  I pulled in and honestly thought that Yelp directed me to a warehouse.  But I did not let that deter me from venturing out of my car and into the building.  Once you walk inside it is like walking into someone's garage that you just want to rummage through.  You know what I mean, you walk in and see all this dingy looking stuff that you see potential in.  You want to take it home with you.  sometimes you want to polish it up and make it look new, other times you want to let it be and let that distressed look shine through.I easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelves.  I saw potential in a lot of the items I saw lining their shelves.  And I took a few items home with me.  When I reached the register I was truly floored by the price.  When I say that, it's because it was so low.  I was expecting to pay more, but I definitely came out of there with more money in my pocket than I needed to, but that is one sure fired way to make sure that a person returns to your establishment.
5	12/1/13 got 3 bifold doors for 25 bucks, hard to find antique heater vent cover 10 , outdoor sensor light 4, ------------they have hard to find or odd size vintage/antique everything.  floor trim, paint,  staircase rails, bathroom sinks, counter tops, doors, windows, carpet tiles $1 , tiles back splash, furniture, misc hardware, door knobs, hinges,  some church pew benches large closet safe, front doors, door knobs, open 9-5 daily sunday 10-5-------off n braddock  - past regent square on a side street
5	I love this place.  I've come here for the odd bits and bobs--brass casters for a piece of antique furniture (25 cents each), vintage milk glass door knobs ($30), wardrobes for a closet-less room ($40 each), a set of four wooden chairs ($10 each), etc.  If you buy something larger, they will hold it for a small fee and then the crew will load it into your truck for you.   If you're into old houses, reserve at least 30 minutes to get through the whole store and you won't be disappointed.
4	If I had to describe it in two words: DIY Heaven. Does an acronym count as one word? I'm going to say it does.We had a place somewhat like this in my hometown, but it was not nearly as massive or as interesting as Construction Junction. So many antique door knobs and chandeliers, windows, cabinets, toilets, tubs! Things ripped off/out of old houses, spare vending machines, cafeteria benches, even a pulpit. And everything was so reasonable! I found at least a dozen things that I really wanted that were priced under $50. Shopping here really makes me wish I owned a pick-up truck. If I did I would haul away windows, chairs, mantlepieces, desks, and file cabinets in mass quantities. Then wonder where all this crap is gonna go in our tiny apartment...
4	Construction Junction is an incredible experience! Just drive a block off Penn Ave in Point Breeze, pull into a fenced-in parking lot, and head toward a little door attached to a deserted-looking warehouse. The little door opens into an old, dusty space filled with used home items. Don't forget to check out the crazy pieces of artwork suspended from the ceiling as you walk through! The warehouse has a range of items from treasures to no-one-would-ever-buy-this pieces. Today I saw:-fabulous 1960s desks-old scratched and/or locked filing cabinets-retail display cases-disassembled kitchen cabinets and countertops -ancient (and very intriguing) appliances -hundreds of toilets and bathroom sinks-random bathroom and kitchen tiles-carpet remnants-lots and lots of random chairs-light fixtures varying in quality from brilliant chandeliers to barely-operationalThe list just goes on and on and on. Take the oddness of this list and multiply it by 3... then you're getting close to imagining what Construction Junction is like. Make sure to enter this store with zero expectations, no particular items to buy, and an empty home. Sadly, my home is filled (though I really wanted that 1960s desk...), and I had an item to buy (a filing cabinet). We left empty handed and drove straight to Office Depot, where I purchased a $90 (vs $25 here) filing cabinet that was not locked, had smooth-running drawers, and is not scratched up. Even though I didn't find what I needed today, I cannot wait to return here in the future.
5	As a DIY'er - this place is a sanctuary. I've been here quite a few times during the weekends .. if not to buy .. just to browse around. This place is huge and you can pretty much find anything. If you can't find something you're looking for - you can simply ask one of the CJ personnel making rounds to make sure you've found what you're looking for.I was looking for a bi fold door few weeks ago and found exactly what I was looking for less than $15. - you can find doors as low as $5 and I'm not talking dirty stained or broken door. Besides used goods - there are few new "recycled" items including plastic corrugated roof panels and paints for super low prices.Also, if you're remodeling your house and need to throw those old materials - they have a number of recycle bin where you can simply drop it off.
4	You never know what you are going to find.  The paint is absolutely phenomenal... Wonderful money saver and decent selection of colors.  You can do great crafty projects with their tile selection (May not be enough to tile a large area but good for bathrooms or mismatch).  I bought an amazing new vanity there that would have cost me triple elsewhere.  So fabulous!
5	I love this place!  You never know what your going to find!  They have all kinds of things, that are usually slavaged from a home or business.   Kitchen cabinets, tables, mantels, windows, doors, tons of doors!   If your some one who likes to fix old things or make new things out of old stuff, you must go here!  I picked up an old dresser today for $10 its needs the drawer fixed and to be refinished, but when its done its going to look beautiful!  They have old appliances , bathroom sinks and toilets, lighting fixtures, wood, paint, counter tops, flooring materials, some tile, etc., etc.!
4	A great place all around whether you are looking to donate or buy something.   If you are looking for an old door, tile or quirky part for a home project this is the place to go.  I recently bought a new vanity and was able to donate the cabinet portion (do check the website for specific requirements on donations). They make it easy as you back your car up to the large warehouse doors and a helpful worker will unload. Don't forget your receipt for tax time!  I  live 4 blocks away and often go to drop off recycling another great benefit of this place.  They have large bins for many different recycling options from card board boxes to plastic. Also  this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in September called the Big Pour.  $75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.  Best event in Pittsburgh!
