4	First off I have to admit that my rating is pretty biased because I have somewhat of a sentimental attachment to this hotel. I stayed here for a year and a half (gasp!) for business during a project in Pittsburgh. It's not a glamorous hotel, but it has what you need for a comfortable stay.Standard Hampton amenities: complimentary breakfast, coffee & tea available 24 hrs in the lobby, free wireless internet, hotel shuttle, etc.Special extras: free passes to a full local gym just up the block, a small "business" office with access to a phone, a computer, and a printer, the location is very convenient, and the staff (namely the hotel managers) who work there are just plain great people.I gave 4 stars and not 5 because it is still a Hampton Inn, and I wouldn't give less because they put a lot into good service.If you need to stay there, ask for Jeff (the General Manager) and tell him that Angela sent you. :)
4	I stayed here when I was a prospective student.  Now that I'm a grad student, this is where my family stays when they're in town.The surrounding area isn't the greatest.  It isn't as close to the Oakland area eateries, as say, the Wyndham and Holiday Inn hotels also in Oakland, but I'm very happy with the hotel itself.  The rooms are reasonably sized and clean, and have free wireless internet.  There's free breakfast in the lobby every morning, which includes cold items like cereal and pastries, but also a rotating selection of hot foods like eggs or French toast.  I believe they also have boxes if you're in a rush and want to take breakfast to-go.  The food's not fantastic, but it's one less meal to have to worry about on your travel budget.The hotel shuttle is super helpful if you've come to Pittsburgh without a car, especially since taxis are a rare sight on the streets in Oakland.  It'll take you anywhere within a 2 mile radius, and come pick you up, too.The staff here is very friendly--I've had a much warmer reception here than at many other higher-end hotels.  When I mentioned I was visiting Pitt, the woman at the front desk promptly pulled out a photocopied map of Pitt's campus, showed me where the hotel was relative to the school, and gave me the map to keep.
3	I Arrived late in the evening, the staff seemed uninterested. The room was nice. The hotel was not the easiest to find.  The housekeeping staff was very helpful giving me extra towels at the blink of an eye. And daytime staff in general was very helpful.  I forgot my phone and they helped search the room.  Great
3	There's not much to say in terms of this being a regular Hampton. If you don't have transportation though, this is a convenient place to stay, hence the four stars. Apparently Super Shuttle comes here for $25 each way; I had my own rental car. I think parking was in the teen dollar amount, e.g. $15/day, but the hotel didn't charge me for parking after all (nice!). A shuttle runs, per your request, within a 3 mile radius of the hotel. You can tell the very nice and friendly shuttle guy anywhere you want to go within this distance. He'll also give good recommendations for dinner or shopping. I think the shuttle starts running at 7AM (double-check me), but it definitely stops running at 10PM. Basically, whenever you're done, you call a number (shuttle guy will give you a card), and a driver will come pick you up. Even though I had a rental car, I used the shuttle because it was easier than finding parking downtown (expensive to park). It is because of this, the hotel gets four stars.The room itself and breakfast is your typical Hampton. I did find it odd that at a little after 5PM, the housekeeping service guy was servicing the room across the hall. My room still hadn't had any housekeeping service. I was only staying two nights, so I didn't need extra towels, but I did take shampoo/conditioner/lotion off of the cart, and he didn't seem to be too concerned. I guess I am just so used to hotels banging on the door early in the morning. Nevertheless, I would probably stay here again due to the convenience of where I need to be for work.
4	We would stay at this hotel to visit my son who attended Carnegie Mellon.  We stayed here perhaps 5 -  7 times.  I saw very little turnover in staff; got to meet the same people again, and again for our visits.  I enjoyed catching up with them; with all that happened in town since our last visit.  Free breakfast was good.  Shuttle was great.  We never had a rental car on our trips to Pittsburgh; usually reserved a car/taxi and used the hotel's shuttle.  Front desk was helpful in arranging a car/taxi.  Rooms were fine.  We could walk to and from the university area with no problem - walked the path day and night.  Keep in mind that is it a few miles, but an enjoyable walk it is.    If I don't have a car on my next stay in Pittsburgh, I'm staying here (I'm too cheap to pay for parking...)  If I do have transportation, I'm staying at the SpringHill Suites near the airport.
5	My family and I were in Pittsburgh for just over a week after Christmas this year because of an ill family member who had been transferred to UPMC.  The staff at this hotel went above and beyond.  The shuttle drivers accommodated our need to get back and forth from the hospital even at non-designated times. One shuttle driver in particular picked us up from the hospital and drove us to whole foods and back to the hospital because it was New Years day and no other food options were available to accommodate my dietary restrictions- even though his shift was done at 6 and I wasn't able to call for the ride until right before 6. The front desk staff was understanding of our need to be flexible with checkout times since we weren't sure what day the discharge and transfer would be happening.The room was nice, the cleaning staff were thorough, the rest of the staff were compassionate and lovely, and the breakfast food selection wasn't bad either.All in all this was a haven when my family needed it most and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone staying in the Oakland area!
2	A utilitarian hotel, nothing special, almost Soviet in its ambience. The view out my window was a ruin of a Chevrolet dealer. The A/C unit sounded like a bus engine  chugging away in my room.  A trash truck sat outside my window from 5 to 6 am,  noisily compressing garbage. Things often don't work: a printer for use of the visitors; a kettle to keep the hot water hot. If it weren't for being near U. Pittsburgh, it would be way overpriced, compared to far nicer hotels that cost the same.
3	I stayed in a room with two queen beds, and it had everything one would expect from a hotel. There was no closet to hang clothes in, but only a set of drawers. I was particularly happy that the outlets provided had usb power built in, so I could bypass the usage of the clunky wall chargers for my phone and tablet. The hotel package does provide breakfast, but it still was pricey for the quality of the stay. Overall, most people coming will probably appreciate the hotel due to its proximity to the colleges in Pittsburgh and the quality night life just blocks away.
3	I'd like to give 3 1/2 but it's not available. Nice place and close to CMU which I was visiting. Easy to get to restaurants.My major complaint and I hope the manager reads this , is shower water pressure . This is a peeve of mine , when traveling on business and need to recharge , u can't have a weak shower.
4	Super clean.Great service. Couldn't ask for more. If you're in the area visiting a student or want to be close to downtown but don't want to pay an exuberant amount of money,  this is your place.
