3	TENTERS BEWARE!!we stayed here for 2 nights in early april in a tent.  I am going to be fair to this resort (although I hated las vegas as a whole and also as a sum of its parts).  Don't tent camp at this thousand trails unless you want to sleep on asphalt.  The ranger was very nice to us, and took us to the one site that could possibly accommodate a tent.  As far as facilities: bathrooms, lodge, pool, etc were all really nice!  Just to know, it is located on  a busy street, but backs up to a building, and the noise wasn't an issue.  It was very windy when we were there, but if you have an RV it probably wouldn't matter.  Judging by the cement walls with barbed wire, this is probably the only safe place to stay in Las Vegas.
2	There are a thousand better Thousand Trails RV parks than this one.   We stay in the Get-a-way and it was surprisingly not up to par.   The bathroom rug,  shook out into tub cause i just had a feeling,  and "ugh!"  Super gross dirt,  hair,  who knows what!!!  No soap or other amenities in bathroom,  curtains tired looking and the park overall is jam packed.  Just so you know.
1	This place is horrible.  You better get a spot RIGHT NEXT to a Bathroom/shower place if you want WIFI.  Anywhere else in the park has NO WiFI, even the one in the club house is horrid.  No one is on the same page here, we got conflicting information from each worker here. They change your reservation weeks without telling you. The showers are laid out REALLY stupid.  Each bathroom has 2 showers and the changing area is shared by the TWO showers.  HELLO RAPE.  Its right by a shady apartment complex where the residents are yelling at each other.  It doesn't even have cable hook up you have to use an antennae. The "Gym" is a complete joke you couldn't even stretch in their without bumping into the wall.  Its like one of the rooms they put you in at a mental institute so you don't hurt yourself which is exactly what I wanted to do while staying here. Seriously, this place needs an upgrade its really old and needs to change.
1	The restrooms resemble circa 1960 high school P.E. bathrooms and showers.  We were on the road two and a half weeks and by far this was the worst campground for amenities.  The Men's restroom had one urinal, one toilet and, as Josh B said, two showers with a single shared wood bench and vestibule.  The lids on the dumpster next to the restroom were flopped open and no one seemed concerned about the flies buzzing around the open containers.
2	Pretty disappointed in this park. There were a multitude of little things wrong, that just made this park one I will avoid in the future. 1.  The "park-wide wifi system hasn't worked the whole time we've been here. 2.There is a sewer smell emanating from various areas around the park. It is unusual to smell a little bit of sewer gasses now and again, but these are constant. 3.  There are several junky sites throughout the park, as if people live here full time & don't keep them tidy. 4.  Many of the sites are small and some (like ours), are darn near impossible to maneuver in to. 5.  Along the outer perimeter sites, the road is only about 12 feet wide. With an RV, it's difficult to traverse, to say the least!6.  The staff is not helpful, probably due to the fact that no one has a clue what us going on.Thousand Trails usually does a good job in providing a nice camping experience. Not in Las Vegas.
5	My Thoughts: This is one of the best thousand trails we've been to. Our site was gravel & level. The staff assigned us a spacious spot that we liked.Our site was #44 a corner spot so I didn't have neighbors on both sides of me.  Its inexpensive if you are a member.The campground is close to Boulder Station casino. The prime rib dip sandwich in the Boulder Station Grand Cafe is yummy!Getting to the strip was easy I took the fwy right to the Las Vegas strip. I got off the fwy on Tropicana and parked at the Excalibur casino. Then we walked to New York-New York Casino for a Greenberg's Deli sandwich called the Italian Stallion ...its always excellent.The staff & campers have been friendly to us. Some campers offered to play Mexican train with us in the activities center but we had other commitments that evening. What a friendly bunch of campers here!I enjoyed The Great Grackles at the campsite along with our walks around the campground in the mornings or evenings.Things to do outside:Red Rock Canyon - scenic drive, visitor center & moreLake Mead - hoover dam, visitor center & moreNational Wildlife Refuge- 4 within two hours of Las VegasValley of Fire State Park Scenic Drive
