2	They left a flyer on our door so we tried out their delivery last night. We asked them to FRY the wings to extra crispy and then ordered a specialty pizza to go with them. The wings were BAKED and if they would have been up front about that, we wouldn't have ordred them. Their specialty pizza had a big dump of minced garlic instead of baked in fresh garlic slices so that was all you could taste. Plus we asked for thin crust hoping to get a crispy pizza but it was still soggy and you had to use a fork to eat it. The wing sauce was good and the meat quality on the topping were good but not enough that we'll try either again. Maybe one more shot on their pasta & sandwiches but we'll have to wait and see on that.
3	potential to shine. went for lunch beer was cold. wings were good. pizza could have baked longer cuz center was too thin to pull and just floppy. got stomboli to go and it was good. the nite life is what i think this will most designed for with nice open air bar to patio.
1	This place is bad!!! Service is not good ordered a chicken tenders for my girls and it took 25 mins... Had to remind the waitress for drink fills... Staff just walked around and ignored us.... Skip this place... Peter Piper is better!!
4	My husband and I live in the area and gave Gus's a try.  I am a native New Yorker, so I consider myself a pizza connoisseur.  Both the wings and pizza were extraordinary!  You can tell that all the ingredients were fresh and the wings were of substantial size.  I noticed there seemed to be quite a few regulars, but the bartender was still extremely warm and welcoming to us.  We will definitely be back.
5	Absolutely the best pizza in PHX, on this side of the Mississippi ever!  If you haven't tried it you have to stop by.  Rosco is a really cool guy and the man in charge of the magic in the back.  The girls are friendly also, really great customer service.  I recommend this place to everyone.
1	Flies everywhere up front. Seriously, at the bar, there must have been 20-30 buzzing around. Put up some damned flypaper, or get an air screen. Something.Horrible waitress. She poured my beer till it overflowed, then just let the foam settle, then handed it to me, without topping it off, or wiping the glass.We moved to a table, because we didn't want the flies to get in the wings we ordered.On the way to our table, the waitress dropped plate, which shattered, causing broken shards of plate to hit me in the face. Seriously. She didn't say a word.After we ate the wings, which were good enough to make me not hate having to give the one star, she came and asked if I wanted more water. I said no, I'm ok. She took my water! It wasn't empty, and I didn't ask her to remove it! WTF?!Also, the men's bathroom was in disrepair, and smelled awful. The toilet appeared to be non-functional, there were tools and parts all over the floor, no sign on the door indicating a problem, nothing.What a disaster that whole experience turned out to be! This place is definitely going on my "Never Return" list!
1	This place sucks, the service is horrible. We ordered our pizzas and only got one, when the "waitress" finally realized that she messed up she wanted us to wait for 45 minutes extra. Never come back, all the "servers" suck! The pizza is so greasy. Terrible food, terrible service. That's why they have drink specials, so you get drunk enough to think their food is good.
4	I've never eaten there, so I can't address that.  I only can address the quality of the pizza.I'm usually only a fan of thick-crust pizza, but for thin crust, this is excellent.
2	3rd visit - I keep going back because my friends insist it will be better. Everytime I order the wings they are cold - not uncooked but like they have already been sitting out there a while before getting to our table. I informed them of this yesterday and was told they would bring back new ones and instead got same ones we had just reheated and dry :( -- No complaints about the pizza - its what I expect everytime -- bartender is horrible :( - stands around waiting for order to come to her -  I ordered 3 different drinks and they were no where close to what the drink should be - Im not a reg beer drinker but gave up and just started ordering beer .. they have no clue how to make a good drink.
2	Been to this place twice now. The first visit I tried the pizza and it's pretty good! Tried t he Bronx Bomber and it was pretty tasty. Service was fine, so was wait time. Wasn't pleased to find out it was a Raiders bar and the people that come with that, but i'm not gonna fault em' for a football team(albeit a bad bandwagon team). Now my second visit is what took it down to 2 stars. I went to the bar for some drinks and immediately the bartender was unfriendly. I had pulled up a post from their facebook for a free drink and she gave me a dirty look. Next order the beer I wanted was out, so I had to get a different beer. Not too big a deal. Then I ordered an amaretto sour. This confused our simple bartender, looked at me like I was crazy and made me a glass of half amaretto and half sweet n' sour(wrong, if you didn't know.).  It was okay, not the worst i've ever had. I then tried to order a Rum Collins, a very common well drink, and again the bartender looked at me like I was crazy. She asked me what it was, I explained "Uh...Rum & Collins mix? You know, Rum Collins..." She fed me some bullshit that they didn't have one or another ingredient so I just told her to stick to another Sour. I watched as she ran out of Amaretto after MAYBE a shot, looked around for more, then just filled most of the glass with sweet n' sour like I wouldn't notice. It was horrible, as it was essentially just sweet n' sour. I took that crap right off my bill and left. The bartender was inept enough to not even know how to make simple well drinks that include TWO INGREDIENTS! I can make a better cocktail than this cavewoman. I would return to eat in the seated area(not very nice either, reminds me of a couple of tables thrown in a warehouse with Raiders swag thrown up)  for the specialty pizza, but then again why do that when Palermo's is right around the corner? Will never return to the bar and they lost a lot of money on me as I would've been a regular customer for at least the next year if they weren't children who couldn't mix a Shirley Temple if their life depended on it.
1	Horrible service! especially on NFL Sundays. We waited over an hour for an order of wings and a pizza. The wings were tough, and the pizza was cold. The bartender screwed up on a simple rum and coke, and the servers were not all that friendly either.
1	I ate here and had the chicken wings and had a drink while I waited a long island ice tea and the waitress was sooo rude to me she had a attitude the whole time she finally brought the drink and I watched while she made the drink she put no alcohol in it I asked her to make it right she lied and then said she put more in then she usually does and then charged almost 8 dollars for it rolled her eyes stomped away soo I said get the wings to go she got mad again and then charged extra for not saying anything quick enough and the wings were HORRIBLE dry and freezer burned all and all I was a horrible experience food was terrible service was even worse don't ever eat here this place is a joke.
1	Horrible!!! My daughter received a splinter from the wooden chair. The wings were freezer burned and undercooked. By the rudest staff on the planet. Dank dark and distgusting.
5	This place is REALLY good. Amazing thin crust. Wings are perfectly sized, their hot wings are really good. The atmosphere is very chill and super fast delivery.
5	A great spot for drinks and food with friendly staff. They have a DJ daily to get things started. In side siting and a patio out side not very crowded just stop on by with friends or a one man party.
1	The wait staff was nice and put effort into their failing restaurant, but even if you put a bow on a pile of shit, it still looks and smells like shit. Let me give you a little idea of how our visit during a typical lunch hour went:12:10: arrived and ordered drinks12:18: received drinks 12:19: ordered food12:49: appetizer #1 (wings) delivered, also told by wait staff that they only had 1 burger patty left (the place was completely empty, it was not busy at all) and that they also did not have "beef" for the gyro12:52: person #1 food delivered12:54: appetizer #2 delivered12:56: person #2 food delivered12:58: person #3 food delivered "just kidding, we have beef for the gyro"13:00: person #4 food delivered (pizza special)13:25: check receivedI had a burger, it was awful. The worst symphony of flavors I have ever tasted masked by spice. I was hungry and couldn't even eat more than half of my food. The fries were good though...The gyro meat, looked like a shoe tonque that was lit on fire and not meat.The pizza looked like Red Baron, for being a "special" I'm not sure why it took 40 minutes to be served... I think we all know how they get away with the price for all you can eat. It would take 3 hours to eat 6 pieces of pizza and no one would want to be sitting in this place for that long.I don't know what the appeal is... this is supposed to be a bar. NOTHING to look at. Even if I drank enough to have beer goggles.. I would struggle in finding anything even remotely appealing. What I am saying is, this is the worst restaurant I have ever been to that is still open.
1	Perhaps something has drastically changed in the last month, but anyone who rated this place 5 stars was either paid a very large sum of money or lacks serious taste - likely a combination of both.In the words of the late, great, Rick James, "I wish I had two more hands so I could give this restaurant four thumbs down!"It all began with a trip to the neighboring Vietnamese restaurant which a friend noted had decent food. Of course, this place was randomly closed on a Wednesday in the summer. I am not in tune with Vietnamese culture, but I can only imagine that something more important than running your business is happening on a Wednesday, in the summer, in order to be closed. We decide to wander over to Gus's Pizza, complete with the unnecessary "s". We take our seats right around noon. About five minutes later we are asked if we want a soda, no option for Iced Tea or water at the time, just simply, soda. Two Iced Tea's, a Coke, and a "Cherry" Coke later, we decide to order appetizers. It's roughly 12:19pm when we place our order as follows:-One 10 piece order of 'hot' wings-One Special (all you can eat pizza, single topping slices, $4.95)-One Fire Burger, Medium, with Fries.-One Fire Burger, Medium, with Onion Rings.-One Chicken Gyro, with Fries.Ten minutes pass before the waitress informs us that they only have one patty and two burger orders. I forfeit my burger and choose the Beef Gyro. Five minutes later, I hear an "Oh shit" in the background. The waitress returns informing me there is not any beef for the beef gyro and suggests a chicken gyro, I pass. 12:40pm -First drink refill received12:49pm-Hot wings order received12:54pm-One Fire Burger Received12:58pm-Chicken Gyro Received-Side of Onion Rings Received1:03pm-Magically, some beef gyro meat was found. My gyro was delivered and I was informed that I would not be charged for the gyro or onion rings.1:07pm-Two slices, one pepperoni, one sausage, received.I'll point out a couple of things if they weren't already obvious.A pizza joint, which has pizza in the title of the business, should probably have pizza ready during lunch hour, especially when offering an "all-you-can-eat" special. I found it strange that the pizza was delivered last.As far as the missing beef, it brings me back to the Burger King commercials from the 1980's, "Where's the beef??" - well, had I known it would taste as it did, I'd be asking, "Where's the door?" To their defense, the place was not known as Gus's Pizza, Burgers, and Gyros. With the exception of the wings, which were fairly decent, the gyro meat looked and tasted microwaved. The burger, which I tried a small sample of, reminded me of reheated cafeteria food - the kind you would get from public grade schools. The onion rings were over fried and the fries were showered in salt (not the quick shower, better related to the long showers where your mom questions why the water bill was so high last month.)Our bill, less the comped gyro and onion rings was just shy of $39. We split it four ways. I tipped a hair over 20%, mainly because the waitress was polite, despite the quality of the food or slow service. Also because it is the first and last bit of money they will ever receive from me. Thanks for the experience.
3	I know better than to ever eat Gus's pizza. It's the same crappy chain that thrives near Arizona State, and you're better off dipping saltines in tomato paste. That being said, THIS Gus's (please, learn to freaking use apostrophes) has a freaking sweet sports bar setup going on. Outdoor TVs, and outdoor bar seating where you can watch a game while AC is blasting out at you, replacing the muggy summer heat. Sound is very high quality. Staff is abundant, swift, and kind. Beer selection is OK. This isn't my usual part of town, but I'll for sure be back to watch some gridiron with my pals. And order items that aren't pizza from the menu.
1	I needed late night pizza Gus's pizza delivered but didn't really deliver...cold cheap ingredient pizza!!!
1	This place is sucks!!
1	pizza  was ok.  the location is decently spacious. lotsa  screen tvs however,  we called in to assure that our party could watch our nfl  team play and we were denied.  we've watched games here before and the staff willingly accommodated us.  we invested money on pitchers,  appetizers and  large size pizzas.  so  the young,  simple girl that  took our call  claimed that because Gus pizza  is a "Oakland raiders" bar that they didn't want our business. lol really?  the raiders suck and so does this joint.  the raiders will never make it and neither will Gus pizzeria  after a  unprofessional  and ignorant  remark like yesterday 11/10 sundaymngment  should address their  weekend staff
1	This place is horrible!!! They messed up my order and when I went to complain to management. She said there was nothing she could do about my problem. Looked at me , like I was the problem. Seriously?!? What the hell are you there for than? I understand we're in the west valley but there's no reason for the lack of customer service. The pizza was also not very good. They charge for refills if you go from a coke to a sprite. Like they're not both soft drinks. I will never go to this restaurant again. Gus's gets no stars from me.
5	Pizza pie dough is made fresh daily and hand tossed!!! Nice and crispy like authentic NY pie!!! Wings are fall off the bone delicious! Great friendly staff and the new owners are really making an effort to make this a great neighborhood/ community restaurant!
5	Dropped in last night. Had excellent service and great prices (It was almost 7:00pm so we caught the end of happy hour). The pizza was great, as were the salads and drinks. I will definitely be back!
4	Came in with the family on Saturday, the Pizza and the wings were great.  It was not too crowded and they had hoops and the olympics on.  We will definitely be back.
4	A fun unique spot on the the West Side- affordable drinks and lots of TV's for games/fights.  Good happy hour spot for after work w/ a few friends.
5	Great place to have a beer and just unwind, the pizza is great and what a deal they have for lunch $5.99 all you can eat pizza there are more locations then the one on 91st Ave. unfortunately they are all independently owned and operated the pizza very's from restaurant to restaurant
5	We love Gus's New York Pizza and Bar.  They have a lunch special of all  you can eat Pizza for $5.99 I think it comes with a soda but Iike to have beer with my pizza.  The pizza is really great tasting and hot, the wait staff (Erlinda) very personable and efficient.  This is one of the few places I have been where the owner comes over to see how everything is and she spends time talking to  you.  This is a good place to go to and just sit back relax and enjoy the food.  It is also the only all you can eat where you order your pizza slices as you want them, you don't get cold pizza off of a buffet line.
5	Great place! Thursday night 2 for 1 drinks and great music! It's a great place to unwind drink and enjoy the food.
4	Went to try the huge pizza they have after church. We ordered two of the giant size pizzas. One was a pepperoni and the other was a Bronx. The only bad thing is that they charged for each of the toppings on the Bronx. It took about 30 mins for both to be ready. We had to put our pizzas through the back of the SUV since they are huge! The whole family ate and we still had left overs. The pizza had a great flavor. My family was pleased with it.
5	We stopped by to eat the32 inch pizza.  It was amazing the sauce was outstanding.   the staff was amazing the customer service was great.  Erlinda an Page made us feel at home. Love the place...
3	What I adore on this place is they're staff, you will notice first how they are good on what they are doing.. The guy at bar always gives you the smile and the service that you would always want. There was also this one time that the pizza was served cold. I dont know why the heck a newly pizza was that cold. I would definitely recommend them for their service but not for their food.
4	Great Pizza! The crust is just crispy enough and the pizza is not loaded with sauce. We ordered a 16 inch pepperoni pizza for 4 and it came out within 20 minutes. Server was nice and made sure our drinks were topped off. As the Cardinal season has begun, we will visit Gus's Pizza more often.
1	No never again there more of a bar then pizza joint. The pizza was dry. To me it was like a little Caesars pizza but worse not even exaggerating. I'm really mad that I even tried this place. Never would have thought pizza would be that bad for 11$ for a medium.
4	We come in a few times each year to watch the early NFL matchups on Sunday (on our way up to UofP Stadium).I can't speak for other times but Sunday mornings are fine at this bar. It is a bar atmosphere though - I wouldn't recommend bringing young children. We bring my parents with us and even when it was a Raiders bar we were treated nicely. They have all the games playing.It's not too crowded.The pizza is hot.The bottled beer is cold, and it's inexpensive. We'll be back.
4	It has gotten alot better in terms of service and manegmant. The pizza is good. I earlier gave it 1 star service but since then they have improved.
4	Ordered take out Pizza and Wings this evening. Order came quicker than was stated in the confirmation email. The pepperoni pizza (hand tossed crust) was like I ordered it from back home, light with a slight crisp to the crust. Wings were cooked perfectly and meaty. The Gold Spicy sauce was wicked good too.
3	I ate here with my business partner, having seen a TV show that highlighted the unique way that they cook up pizza.. It was a very unique dining experience. We split a small salad, which was easily enough for two. We split their popular Mediterranean Bread which is a large pita that is coated with spices. It comes draped over a plate and you just rip away at it. Very tasty. Then, we had their pizza, which was highlighted on the TV show. When it is served, it looks like a bowl of onion soup with a thick layer of cheese on the top, except that the bowl is made of pizza dough. You can order it with or without meat sauce. It comes with onions, mushrooms, etc... in the sauce. We liked the cheese and the sauce but the dough had no special taste. Coming from NY, this pizza did not impress us. I have to say that, with all of the great pizza places in NY, we are spoiled. That being said, the restaurant makes outstanding salads and we did not have room for a grinder. Overall, we liked our meal a lot and would definitely come back and try the grinders. The service was very good and the atmosphere was nice. Give it a try.
