5	The food made me remember a brilliant night in Phuket. I was surfing early in the morning and my wetsuit ripped and one of the locals came to help me fix the zipper. We had some great (broken English) banter and he and his friends took me under their adorable Thai wings and showed me all the local sights. We drank Singa and had a bonfire on the beach and they kept me away from the horrible Australian tourists (forgive me, I love me some Aussies). After they then took me back to their houses (made of bamboo) and prepared and packed an authentic meal that they said I should eat on a hut on the beach to get the full effect of. So I sat with my new friends "Apple" and "Pog" , ate tofu green curry and they told me legends of Phuket while we watched the sunset. This never happened, but the food made me remember it. That good.
5	We've recently moved near the area and as you do when you move, we needed some take out! If you've read any of my reviews you'll know my OH is allergic to nuts, so we are very careful about getting take out, and have spent two years just simply not doing it (probably better for our waistlines!).We decided to walk across the road and try Silver Bowl. I had delivery from there about 4 years ago and didn't think I was that impressed, but that may have been the delivery company. We walked in and were not only greeted by very reasonable prices, quick and friendly service - they were fine when we asked about nuts in the recipe and when we got home to dig in - it was absolutely fantastic.My meal consisted of the sweet & sour prawns in batter with fried rice and my OH had  chicken & oyster sauce. Both were delicious and just the right size portions - we weren't left hungry, but weren't feeling ill either - which is a plus.Looking forward to going back.
3	I'm mystified by the 4 and 5 star reviews of this place! Quick service and friendly staff, but the food is your bog standard Chinese takeaway. Nothing more, nothing less. They have a huge menu (over 300 items) covering all the classics. Ask yourself: have you ever been to a restaurant serving over 300 dishes where the food was any good? That's what I thought.Another odd thing is that the menu has both a Chinese and a Thai section. Ask yourself: have you ever been to a restaurant that did a good job of serving two different kinds of food? Exactly.The quality is reliable (i.e. reliably average) and the food is freshly prepared but fairly bland (Western style, very light on the chilli) so don't expect anything out of the ordinary.It does the job when you're on the way home after a few pints on a Thursday, ready to watch Question Time and yell at the TV (or is that just me), but that's it.
2	It's been a while since I ate here but the food left a lasting impression... and NOT of the good kind... I don't remember what I had now but the food was MSG'tastic and left me super thirsty the rest of the evening and complimented me with slightly puffy eyes when I woke up the next day. Agree with Jason, will do in a pinch.. but not a fan.
5	Thai Amaze BowlsThis place rocks my world, their food is off the hook. I absolutely love it, in fact I have to stop myself from ordering from them every night. They are based in Leith but deliver as far afield as Newington, which is good news for me!I try something different every time, but even if you are just a beginner their classic dishes are great. It all tastes really fresh, so big flavours like coconut, coriander, chilli and garlic really stand out in each dish. It's not all spice and rice either, some really nice easy going dishes, and their thai crackers are perfect for mopping up saucy goodness.Good price point, not the cheapest delivery you will get in town, but certainly one of the best I have had in a long time.
3	Still hunting for a new Chinese go-to since our favorite local closed. This is better then the other two we've tried in the surrounding block of Leith Walk, but it still didn't blow me away. I am a severe traditionalist and always order sweet and sour chicken to judge the place and the sauce here is a ginger explosion. It was alright, but no where near sweet and sour. The kung pow noodles were good, but again wasn't blown away. You can order on-line, which is nice and easy and then go pick it up, assuming they might do delivery? The staff was nice when we picked up our order, my main gripe about this place is they are fairly pricier then other Chinese in the area. Although they do have lot of options for any interest.I think if you can't be bothered to cook and you just want some Chinese take-out this is the place, but it wasn't a "wow" for me. Good, but not over the top yum.
4	So first things first there are two Sliver Bowls on Leith Walk - one is a Chinese and the other is a Thai takeaway. The Thai Sliver Bowl is further up the walk on Albert Place, while the Chinese Sliver Bowl is further down the walk. So this review is about the Chinese Sliver Bowl which in my view is a very good takeout Chinese. This was our first time at Silver Bowl, as our local Chinese is normally No 1 Chinese on Elm Row (top of Leith walk) - not for the customer service or decor which are both dreadful - but because they do a great Kong Po Chicken. However, they seem to have closed over the Christmas break so we gave Silver Bowl a go and I have to say they will now be our local Chinese. The staff are very friendly - unlike No 1 Chinese - and the food was very reasonably priced, hot on collection and very tasty. We had the schezwan chicken and black bean king prawn which were both huge portions. We also shared a large fried rice - plenty for two people - and some vegetable spring rolls. So why not 5 stars...well as I said its a very good Chinese but our order choice didn't blow our minds (probably down to unimaginative order). But overall, we will be ditching No 1 Chinese and will definitely be back making this our local from now onwards. So recommended.
