5	Thank you yelp for helping me to find a great place for me and the girls to have dinner in Vegas.  We were in Vegas on a family trip this past weekend where we rented a house- 7 couples and 5 kids (all under 3!).  For girls night out we hooked up the 'puter and checked out yelp for something close.  Casa Di Amore was close, Italian, and had good reviews.  We were dropped off by one of the hubbies and were going to have the staff call us a cab- but low and behold- they have a limo!!! We asked if they could take us the the strip after dinner and they could!  It was really fun AND the food was so good.  We had a few bottles of wine and the bill was still under $40 a person.  Plus, they gave us each a rose AND there was a lounge singer.  We felt like we were in a movie (Swingers was mentioned more than once).  What more could a group of hot mamas ask for?  I recommend this place if you are looking for something away from the crowds where you and your group can have a nice meal for a reasonable price.
4	I joined Susan and a few others for my first Yelp event : an evening (roundtrip) limo ride to Casa di Amore.  The restaurant sends its own branded red limo to pick up customers on the Strip- more fun than a plain old taxi ride. The limo isn't all that big but I'd never been in one before so it was kind of cool playing with the buttons for the "mood lighting" and the A/C (and laughing as Susan accidentally found one that suddenly separated us from the driver with a metal partition!). :-)   The restaurant definitely has an old school Vegas feel.  Photographs of Vegas line the walls of the dining room in a chronology, starting with Old Vegas and ending with modern, color photos of the Vegas we see today: gaudy, colorful and sparking! A lounge singer plays the piano and sings old hits such as "Copacabana" (he even had backup singers for that one- don't know where the background sound came from!)  Some in our group had a vested interest in a football game. A section towards the back of the restaurant sports lounge seating and widescreen TVs showing at least a couple of football games, so they could easily walk back there for a closer look at the game from time to time.  As a vegetarian/vegan (depends on my mood right now) I was surprised at the paltry salad offerings- I had hoped for a nice big salad for my dinner. Instead, I opted for the small, plain house salad that comes with your order. I chose the penne with greens as my entree (escarole cooked in olive oil). It was very tasty and a bit rich- made me wonder if there was a touch of cheese in it, but I forgot to ask.Anyway, I had a good time with the charming and funny Yelp crew  (Myke, you are a blast) and enjoyed a nice meal as well.
5	The food was tasty though I didn't really eat much because an hour before going, I had just stuffed myself at a buffet the way you do when visiting Vegas. So I'm just going to discuss it point by point:The limo to the restaurant is awesome! The really nice driver picked us up in front of TI and drove us to the restaurant and back. He was really patient. At the end of the night, he had another party to pick up but was really nice about getting us to make up our minds whether we wanted to go or wait until he came back.The server was awesome! He was super sweet and really helpful when my sister and I couldn't figure out what wine we wanted. I also kept running to the bar area to watch the SC game at one point after ordering a new bottle and he brought my glass to me at the bar. Sweet! :o)The bar area has the standard bar/pub feel. TVs everywhere you turn. The bartender is really nice even though she was a fan of either Ohio or Oregon, I forget. Well, either way, she was not a fan of SC. :oPThere is a guy who plays piano and sings all songs Dean Martin/Frank Sinatra-esque. Gives the entire place an old school Vegas feel.All in all, I had an awesome time there. The antipasti were delicious. The wine was fabulous. The game was SHWEET (though unrelated to the restaurant but it just added to my terrific experience because SC won WOOHOO!!!) :o)
1	We last dined at this old style southern Italian restaurant in 2005.  We each ordered chicken angelo - mushrooms, olives, and artichokes in a lemon butter sauce plus complimentary cups of chicken pastina soup.  The soup was okay, but the chicken angelo fell a little south of mediocre
4	The food here is fantastic, and the atmosphere is noisy and busy like the Italian restaurants I remember from Boston, though the pictures of old Vegas on the walls remind you where you are.  There was a singer/keyboard player there during dinner, but his music was not too loud or intrusive and he wasn't bad.I had the rigatoni pesto, which has a flavorful pesto cream sauce, and I enjoyed the house dressing on my salad.  The bread was warm, and the butter appeared to be lightly herbed.They unfortunately no longer seem to make their desserts in house, so no cannoli for me.  Probably a blessing in disguise, since (and this is unusual for me) I ate the entire large serving of pasta they gave me, and dessert might have pushed me way past too full.
4	This is an interesting place. Some of the better Italian food I have had in town and the wine wasn't bad, either. Real meat or cheese ravioli instead of the pretentious spinach or Swiss chard type you get at the high-end Strip Italian restaurants. Atmosphere is very old school with posters of Vegas as it used to be. The dining room feels a bit cramped and service can be slow. The bar at the back diminishes the place a little, because its appearance and the crowd it attracts remind one of a sleazy dive from the 70's. Singer/keyboard player Doug and 83-year-old violinist Bill entertained on Sunday night and were excellent - both very talented guys and not too loud.The biggest drawback for tourists is that it is located a good long way from the Strip. It's right next door to The Gun Store, making it a good place to complete your Vegas Mafia Experience after trying out that machine gun you've been itching to get your hands on. ;)
4	went here back in may 08. i found this place on trip advisor i believe. i tried making reservations a week before i left to vegas. i can honestly say that i emailed this restaurants about 10 times as we tried to make reservations because my schedule and their hours were clashing. so i finally got a date and time. i had the limo pick me and my bf up at the palms. luckly the driver waited for us for a good 15 minutes as we were at the mencia show. the limo was red, it was small not that great but hey it was a free ride and it was a limo. we had our car but why pass on this limo ride. the restaurant is a lil bit far from the strip but that is fine(less people). the restaurant is small and it has a small bar as well. we were seated promptly. the food took a while to come. our waiter was not the greatest. i ordered garlic bread and chicken parmesan and my bf got the ravioli. we were both very pleased. there was a singer and a man on the keyboard. they were both ok. there are also many pictures of old vegas on the walls. very nice place, great italian food. will go back again.
4	Casa Di Amore is a small, quaint, romantic Italian restaurant with pretty good food.  It can be a little pricey, but it's worth it for the ambiance.  I ordered the Lobster Ravioli which was quite nice and my friend ordered a steak, which he raved about.  The live music adds just the right mood, with the swooning sounds of Sinatra and a couple bottles of Chianti, who wouldn't feel amorous at the House of Love?
4	was at this place again....11/29/08. this place opens at 4pm and so i called to ask what was the wait time without resevation and i was told no wait. so we got there at 6pm. there were many open tables. our waitress was Toni. she was good until she forgot about us when i needed more bread and more coke. i stopped eating for a few minutes waiting for her to come by and ask her for bread and coke. so i ordered spaghetti in marinara sauce and a coke. my bf has some alfredo pasta with sausage and he ordered a side of meatballs( which is 2 of em). my spaghetti was really good. the house bread is good too..so warm and soft! he liked his pasta specially the sausage. the meatballs were to die for!!! so good! YUMMY!!! i wish i could make some like that. for everything we paid $41. there was a guy singing...it was just one guy and a keyboard. he sang christmas songs and played peasnuts songs on the keyboard. my bf really liked that. he loves peanuts specially charlie brown.
4	. Of course many Italian restaurants clown Casa Di Amore if you want to get hardcore or technical. It is not fine dining in any respect.  They are a little messy as far as menu's being dirty etc. very slow at seating even with reservation. the price point is about 5.00 too much for everything. However the good parts - For a neighborhood place you cant get better Italian than this.I have been 4 times now All the food minus the house salad is absolutely excellent. They do a killer Burrata cheese appetizer. The pork chop with peppers is exceptional! Amazing acid and great spice. cool ambiance old school style. The waiters are not top notch by any means but friendly and they try. So far there is not a better quasi - budget Italian place in town.
5	Place is so solid. Sunday nights 50% off all wine. Good mood music. Great food. Fun staff. Just a really good spot off the strip. You cannot go wrong here. You will leave in a GREAT mood....especially if you get the Veal Osso Bucco. Enjoy.
2	Wow, I hate to sound grumpy, but I feel like I went to a different restaurant than the reviewers who gave it 5 stars. Over priced and marginal food at best. Sadly, my favorite part of the meal was the half priced bottle of wine. They had a keyboard player and violinist and they were talented, but the volume was so loud we couldn't even hear each other talk. The room is so small, the music just overpowered everything. Won't be back any time soon.
5	Tony the limo driver came and picked me up with my two clients at Mandalay Bay right on time in the red limo. Tony was a really nice guy and gave us some information about the restaurant since it was our first time dining here. When we get there we were greeted almost immediately by our waiter, another Tony. He was friendly and offered recommendations for both wine and entrees. This place is OLD school Vegas. Dark, red booths, a guy with a keyboard singing some Sinatra, Dean Martin and the like. I got the peppercorn steak as this was a recommendation by Tony. My clients got the Osso Bucco and a pasta dish. We were STUFFED as the portions were HUGE! Not only huge, a lot of love is put into these dishes. Great food, great service, great ambiance! I went outside to make a phone call and talked to some people outside who were locals who dined here regularly. Locals and out of towners alike are treated like royalty. There is nothing better than a great meal with great service and GREAT people taking care of you. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back on future Vegas trips.
4	I went with a friend who said i hadn't lived until i got here. I stepped inside and i immediately felt like i was under dressed. It's old school, that's why. Regardless, the owner i was told was belting out Italian classics. And was good too. The Chianti was great and I had the chicken parmigiana which was excellent.But here is where I was impressed. My papa was the best Italian cook, well in the family. He came from a long line of Italian cooks. So my test is to see how good the meatballs are. And for three bucks they were great!love this place!
4	Okay, I'm gonna give them four, but there is a story behind this and its up and down. I planned a very romantic surprise weekend for the wifey in Vegas. I found this place and thought it would be fun with the live music, limo ride, and an escape from the touristy strip. Well, about 30 mins before we were supposed to be picked up I get a phone call indicating that the limo had broken down and we would have to catch a cab for which we would be reimbursed when we got there. This ruined the surprise and was barely apologized for and, if it wasn't already 8:45 on a friday night, I would've tried to get in somewhere else. After a very long and roundabout cab ride, we arrived and were told our table was not ready yet. 15 minutes later we were still waiting and very unhappy, so we told them we were leaving and they called a cab that they would be paying for. While sitting outside, the manager walked up and apologized for the inconvenience and the unapologetic rudeness of the extremely unprofessional hostess. He told us, "I don't want you to leave...not like this" in his best Pauly Cicero voice. He offered to take half off of our bill if we stayed, so we did. We ordered the hot antipasto sampler ($18) for two which was huge. There was plenty of fried mozarella, ravioli, shrimp and calamari. all of which were good, especially the ravioli! and the marinara, was like nothing I've had since being back in NY. I got the Dei Frutti Di Mare ($26) which was very good. The broth was pretty thin, as it should be, but had great flavor. I really enjoyed this one, lots of seafood. The wifey got the Pasta al Forno ($26), which I bitterly admitted was a little better than my dish, but whatever, they were both very good. The atmosphere is kind of old, Italian American, somewhat of a stale, used-to-be-filled-with-cigarette-smoke kinda smell. But, honestly if it was really bad, the wifey would not have stayed as she is very, very picky. It was very dark and the music was alright. It was old, Sinatra/rat packish covers from a mildly entertaining fellow that seemed to enjoy his job. It was alright. The best part was that the manager also slipped us a free entree gift card for a future visit and then they managed to get the limo up and running for our ride back. We did have to share with another couple, but only for the first half of the trip and they were very nice and friendly. the limo was very small and seemed like somewhat of a party limo type of thing, but it was still a nice touch. We might go back, but would make back-up plans in case the limos breaks down again. It is kinda off in the cut in a shadier area.
4	This was a great restaurant and if you want to get off the strip and get a taste of classic old Las Vegas, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Make sure that you ask for the complimentary limo service when you call to make your reservations.  The limo picked us up from our hotel and took us to a non-descript brick building.  The moment the big heavy door opened for us to walk into the restaurant, you could smell the delicious Italian food and hear the sounds of a two-man band singing classic Italian love songs.  We were in love from the get-go!  There were old photos of the original hotels on the strip and infamous Vegas icons on the walls.  The food was good, not necessarily outstanding, but good.  It was worth the price.  They also had their wines at 50% off for the bottle, which made it totally worth it.  Afterwards, our limo driver actually took us downtown to Fremont Street so that we could enjoy that experience and then we cabbed it back to our hotel on the strip.  It was a good time.
5	Thanks to Vegas yelpers, they led me to this place.  I made previous reservations and told the girlfriend we were going out but didn't tell her the details.  She was really surprised when the limo showed up and took us to the restaurant.  This place is great.  Very old school.  Wine bottles are 1/2 off on Sundays and Mondays. So we started with the special appetizer.  Crostinis with buffalo mozz and prosciutto topped with roasted red peppers... MMMMM!!! For my dinner I ordered the Osso Buco.  Holy crap.  I had never had it before.  The best meal that I have ever eaten.  And I eat a lot!This was the best experience I've ever had in Vegas.  If I ever go back out, I'll definitely be hitting this place again. With appetizer, 2 dinners, dessert and a half price bottle of wine it was about $110 without the tip. Little pricey, but definately worth it.  Plus the limo ride to and from was free! (I did tip the driver though)
4	Casa Di Amore is great! I loved the garlic loaf and the chicken angelo was to die for! The music on Friday and Saturday nights is nice too! They have a great old school atmosphere and good service. If something is not right they go out of their way to make sure they fix it which is cool. Their pizza is awesome too! I like that they are open late.
4	Classic old style Las Vegas. Very good food and very good service. This is off the strip and not the easiest to get to, but well worth the trip.
4	AHH Casa Di Amore...randomly a great time. The first time I walked in was really akward as it is a small little entrancein the front, always locked and you have to go around to the back for entry and push a button. I felt like I was going into a speakeasy. The owner is always out and about talking to people, because he is wasted. funny. There is "live entertainment" which is a guy or  2 on a small stage playing keyboard and eye fucking every woman under 65. Thats right ladies, he's lookin for love! Funny thing is, he has groupies...sad sad groupies throwing back wine like nobody's business. The pizza is good, the bartenders are cuties, you can get pretty crazy there and it's cool.  I like it there and will be back, as soon as this hangover wears off..
4	Small Italian restaurant with a big heart.  Full bar with plenty of seated waiting area. Call ahead for reservations and for free pick-up/drop off limo service.  We went on a Sunday nite (packed) which had live music playing rat pack inspired songs. The chicken dishes were phenomenal, especially the Chicken Florentine and Chicken Marsala.  I had the Linguine with clams (white)....AWESOME!  We were too full to have dessert but the next table over ordered what looked like a chocolate/vanilla delectible...shoulda moved over to take a spoonful. Downside? had to wait just a bit for our table but it was worth it.  The environment is much what you would want a small, dark, hole-in-the-wall type of place to be, serving great food, great drinks, and having a manager care about the service you're receiving.  I would definitely go again!
5	I really love this place.  Live music, old framed pics of Las Vegas, good service, great food.  Bread is hot and fresh and they have a free limo ride to and from the strip.  I am a local now but for really good Italian food, you gotta come here.  Tiramisu kicked ass by the way.
5	Not quite 5 stars, but neither is it 4 stars. I agree with Dad on this one: 4.5 (Unfortunately, I can't give half stars). But since everybody else LOVES this place, I'll bump it up to 5 instead of giving it 4 stars (this one's for you Dad, since I just rated the Buffet at the Bellagio for Mom).A limo from the restaurant came to pick us up at 7:25 PM for our reservations at 7:45 PM. Dad said the limo was complimentary... I have no idea. Dad did the research and made the reservations- I just tag along and eat.GARLIC LOAF: Loaf of homemade bread sliced and stuffed with garlic, Italian seasonings, mozzarella and parmesan cheese. It was VERY good, albeit a little salty/garlic-y. And maybe a little too cheesy. But still delicious.OSSO BUCO: It literally is fall-off-the-bone good as the restaurant claims. Not too salty (which is a big thing for me). But the shank is HUGE.PORK CHOPS SICILIAN: I think Dad ordered this. Two 8 oz pork chops served with potatoes and vegetables. Definitely a man's meal.CIOPPINO: Very tasty dish comprised of fresh seafood including: lobster, clams, mussels, scallops, crab, cod, and shrimp. The soup part goes very well with bread (but I'm trying to lay off the carbs). I'm pretty sure Dad enjoyed it, though. He claimed he was stuffed, but kept dipping bread into the soup.Dad also ordered a side of meatballs, which I heard were pretty good, too. There's just a little bit of spice in it to add a little kick, according to the waitress.The waitress was extremely friendly, and there was live entertainment. Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. Definitely next time, especially since they're open until 5 AM!
5	We were picked up at our hotel by "Johnny Limo" in a cute purple limousine, arrived at the restaurant and upon walking in I felt as though we had stepped into a scene from the Sopranos.  We joined our friends, some of whom are Vegas locals, and I'm so glad they let us in on their secret spot.  The food was amazing!  Our table shared about 5 appetizers and everything tasted fresh and authentic.  I especially loved the roasted red peppers and fontina cheese.  I ordered the scallops as my meal and they were big and tasty, covered in melted provolone.  Thanks for the ride Johnny, can't wait to come back to Vegas.
5	This is THE BEST Italian food!! We discovered this hidden jewel about 5 years ago on one of our many trips to Vegas and now a trip to Vegas is not complete without a visit to Casa Di Amore!! Not only is the food AMAZING, but the staff is as well.  We always get the limo and the limo drivers are great.  We have had just about every server they have there and they are all fantastic! Even though we only go twice a year (being out of towners), they remember us!!! That alone is amazing, that they can remember us out of all of the customers they serve. I love the fact that the ambience hasn't changed since the Rat Pack ate there.  That's what makes this place so special, the highbacked maroon leather booths, the wood paneling with all of the pictures of Old Vegas, my only regret is that the Rat Pack is not still alive to join us for dinner.  Someone else reviewed that this place smelled of smoke even though it's a no smoking restaurant. I don't know what they are talking about because I have never smelled smoke in this restaurant and I am very sensitive to cigarette smoke.  The food of course is the most important part and all I can say is FABULOUS!!! We have NEVER been disappointed in anything we've ordered.  Can't say enough good things about Casa Di Amore, this place is the BEST!!!
4	What can you say about a restaurant that gives you old style Italian-American food with the casual ambiance of Momma's kitchen but still maintains a gentler, kinder Old World dignity? We loved it!We got picked up by complimentary limo and whisked to the restaurant like we were special visiting family from out of town.The Sunday and Monday 1/2 price bottles of wine are an excellent value especially with large groups.The antipasto platters were a big hit as well as the appetizers...there were forks flying back and forth; I expected sparks! The stuffed portobello special that night was to die for good.The portions are little large, but hey, it was our first night in Las Vegas and airplane food is non existent these days...My seafood pasta was tasty but the mollusks were a bit gritty and there was some broken shell pieces....quite the surprise to bite down on a crunchy shell that you thought was a piece of mussel....the lighting is very dim.But I just ordered another bottle of Barbera and moved on....My husband's pork chops were excellent, but he is picky about his cheese, so the fontina was not to his taste....but I just ordered another bottle of Barbera and he moved on....The rest of the group ate, drank and enjoyed their meal immensely while being serenaded by the keyboardist....who kept mentioning it was my birthday....but I just ordered another bottle of Barbera and, so do you see where this is going? It got a little raucus....mea culpa Tony (our waiter).The complimentary tiramisu they sent over for my birthday was excellent, and the creme brulee done to perfection (most brulees are overcooked like a custard; this was creamy and fragrant with vanilla bean).If you want authentic Itatlian gourmet, then go someplace that charges for the tap water and you can wear your cruisewear. But if you want good, honest food that is the a product of the evolution of Italian immigrants making  American ingredients their own, then you gotta try Casa di Amore. Did I mention they have Barbera?
5	Wow; what a great Italian place off the strip!  Fantastic food, great entertainment; very fun! The bread and cannoli's are to die for. You must check this place out!
2	I'm sorry to say this was the worst value yet in Vegas.  I've never given anything two stars (you can check my record), and it's hard for me to even write this, but honestly I can't understand the positive reviews.  The only thing this place has going for it is a vintage ambience, but the food was exorbitantly priced for such mediocrity.  My boyfriend and I started with the fried calamari, which had no seasoning and no calamari.  Then he got the chicken special and I got ravioli.  For what little chicken was on his plate over linquine completely drowned in congealed cream sauce, it was remarkably average and needed to be doctored up.  My ravioli, while large, was the same.  We both were looking for someone to come around and shave some fresh parmesan over our meals, but all they offer is the shake can on the table.  None of this would be horrible if our plates were $10 or $12 dollars a piece, but his was TWENTY-EIGHT dollars (always ask how much the specials are first) and mine was $20--shocking (shocking!), to quote Joan Cusack.  For three small plates (the fried calamari, the chicken, and my ravioli), and just two small glasses of wine, the bill was $100.  Worst $100 ever spent on food.  In every other city, we can get two very well-put together and flavorful meals for the price of one forgettable piece of chicken at Casa Di Amore.  So . . .two stars because the food isn't completely inedible.  Just  underwhelming and a terrible bang for your buck.
5	I LOVE this place. The food is delicious, the service is fantastic, and the ambience is to die for. It's your italian family restaurant, with the Frank Sinatra singer that makes you feel all mushy inside ( in a good way!). I've been here for dinner, and My best friend's wedding reception was here too. It was divine. You don't HAVE to dress up here, but isn't always nice to get a tiny bit dressed up to feel fabulous at a good restaraunt? Also, you can get picked up by their limo is you call to make a reservation!Casa Di Amore is wonderful, you won't regret going there!
5	Bread & the olive oil / balsamic vinegar sauce is amazing.Calamari - mmmmm! i love the tenticle fried calamari!!Bruchetta - there's a sweet kick to it that I absolutely lovePizzas / Pastas are great! and the atmospher is awesome!Gotta love the female bartender there...obviously cause it's my homegirl! LoL!
5	It felt like we stepped back in time when we walked in the front door.   The wait staff (Tony) was great and the manager thanked us for coming by.   The food was very good, they had live music and the atmosphere is fun.   We were a little skeptical based on the location but went based on great Yelp reviews and reviews on other sites and we were not dissapointed.
4	If your looking for great italian food off the strip this is the place.This place is not that big but it seems like there is always a table.  The food is amazing and they have live performer that sounds just like Frank!  How can you beat that.We usually start out with a house salad and some calamari and I usually get the chicken Marsala or Parmesan.  Every time it has been delicious.  Usually too full for dessert  but always kill the wine which is very reasonably priced.Now i'm a asian guy and don't claim to know what great italian food is ilke i do with more asian cuisines.  That being said I have been to italy so i think i have a good foundation.  If that doesn't help maybe this will.  A good friend of mine is Italian-American by way of NYC.  This is the only place he will eat.  Enough said!
4	Every time I go here the place is packed.  Wonderfully decadent dishes, live music, good wine, and old school feel.
4	Finally, a place to go in Vegas that's not totally overrun by tourists and has food and atmosphere that rival some of our better restaurants in Chicago. The decor and ambiance were outstanding. It has a somewhat over the top Rat Pack era Vegas thing going on, which was great. There was a live singer the Saturday night we went. I half expected the ghost of Dean Martin to breeze in the door any second. This restaurant is relatively far off the Strip down East Tropicana but they will purportedly send a limo to pick you up. I didn't see this limo but if it is anything like the decor in this place, you'll most certainly turn a few heads as it picks you up in front of the Bellagio. The food is traditional Italian. Lots of pasta dishes that you'll probably be very familiar with. Service was very good. Our waiter was attentive and the items we ordered came fast. They ran out of Cannelloni that we ordered and threw in a free desert because of it. Nice. Old school service.The lasagna they did have was nicely done. Plenty of meat in meat sauce, and cheese in the product. Well seasoned and flavor. It was served at the right temperature - not scalding hot like many lasagna dishes you get. The eggplant was pan fried and then served with red sauce, cheeses and a side of pasta. It too was very good. Portions are not ridiculously large like they can be in some traditional Italian restaurants like this, which is good because if you're staying in a hotel, you obviously can't take anything home. If you're staying on the Strip, a trip to the Casa will be a nice way to get away from the tourist throngs for a few hours. A definite thumbs up!
4	Free limo ride is great if it doesn't break down from the heat.  Got a call right when they were supposed to pick us up asking us to grab a cab & they'd reimburse us (took the $17 right off of our bill).Kinda small inside so definitely make a reservation - but it's dark like those old school Hollywood club/restaurants - not sure what anyone means about the mobster feel.  We ordered (2) sets of Osso Bucco & (1) stuffed pork chop.  Tony (our waiter) came back and said the chef didn't like the condition of the Osso Bucco & didn't want to serve it...so I ordered the flambed rib eye & my friend ordered the special of the day filet mignon w/ marsala sauce & mushrooms.EVERYTHING WAS YUMMY, the filet literally didn't need a knife, rib eye was juicy & medium rare as requested, pork chop was stuffed w/ delicious goodness & all at great pricing.  We even got a recommendation on wine from Tony & grabbed a bottle of 2008 Mac Murray Pinot Noir @ 1/2 price bottle (Sundays/Mondays) for $21 instead of $42.  We had the Pistachio gelato dessert which was delicious too but kinda sweet for us.We were serenaded most of the night by two men...but only remember the name of the 80+ years old violinist Bill...who's fiddler fingers just flew all over the strings.  AMAZING!Definitely coming back here in  August on my next LV trip.
3	Casa Di Amore was a great experience and a nice Italian dinner.  We chose Casa Di Amore based on reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor.  What really sealed the deal for us to go here was the free "limo" ride.  The limo is technically a limo, but it basically had seating for 4 comfortably or 6 a little tighter.  Either way, it saved about $40 in cabs so it was very welcome.The restaurant is located in a strip mall on Tropicana and shares space with a gun store.  It felt like a real locals joint.  The atmosphere wasn't anything special.  There were old Las Vegas pictures and paintings on the wall and a keyboard player was singing Christmas tunes.  I usually hate music when I'm eating, but it was not obnoxious and added to the night.Everything tasted as if it was made by a friends mother.  For my main course I shared a fantastic Chicken Piccata and Gnocci Bolognese.  Sharing is not only fun, but it's a good way to sample the flavors and not to overeat - something that happens a bit too often.Casa Di Amore was a very home style type dinner.  It's another nice off the beaten path Italian restaurant in Vegas.  The last time I went a little out of the way for Italian was to Nora's, which was phenomenal.  Nora's is pretty popular and crowded since it's been featured on the Travel Channel.If you've been there and done that and want another local Italian joint Casa Di Amore is another good option.  The food was very good, but not the best ever.  The decor was nothing fancy, but everything was good and fun.  I'd rate this above average but not great.
4	This is a great place to go off the Vegas strip (about a 10 min drive) and they offer a free limo ride to and from the restaurant.  They have half off bottles of wine Sunday and Mondays.  Great Italian food, full bar and live entertainment nightly and the atmosphere is very laid back.  The restaurant looks like a whole in the wall but you must try the food here when you're in Vegas!
1	We called last Friday at 7 to make a reservation for 7:30. They say fine, we can make that. So we drive in. We find out that there are numerous parties ahead of us, waiting for a table. After waiting in the crowded bar area for 15 minutes, the host tells us that there are still 3 parties ahead of us. Called up yelp on the iPhone, made a reservation at Strings (a few blocks away) and left the place. This is just unacceptable. It's obvious they do that just to attract the customers from the strip (and they are located WAAAY, WAAAY off the strip). If you don't have a table, just be honest and tell us so.  Don't make us come in and wait for one hour.
5	Amazing atmosphere. The live musician was incredible, sounded just like frank Sinatra. The food was outstanding. We ordered most of the appetizers on the menu and I had chicken for my main entree and everything was outstanding!They even have a complimentary limo service that can pick you up and take you anywhere you'd like afterwards.
4	This was our third visit.  I highly recommend the place.  Yes, it is situated next to a gun shop in a very off-strip location, but once you are in the door, you are captivated by the retro vibe, the good Italian food and the live music.  We have always enjoyed our meals here.  Worth a visit.  Half price wine bottles on Sunday and Monday are a bonus.
5	My friends and I went to Vegas for a girls' weekend.   We had one night where we were going to splurge on dinner, so we wanted the second night to be more low key and less expensive.  I did a search on Yelp and found Casa di Amore and decided to try it.  As someone who grew up in Vegas, I really don't expect much of places that are "off the Strip", but I will definitely be going back here!First of all, the fact they have FREE limo service (although they do suggest you tip $5 per person per way) to and from the restaurant is awesome.  Granted, the limos look like they stepped out of 1992.... do they even make maroon limos anymore???  Our driver was really nice though, and impressed us at his ability to maneuver the traffic even though he was, shall we say, a mature old chap. :)  The restaurant is this cute little brick building and seems a bit out of place on the street.  Inside, it is reminiscent of something you would find out of "The Godfather" (minus the guns and shooting).  Ahhh,.... the food was SOOOO good.  We had to place a second order of the bruschetta - it was the best I've ever had.  We decided to order family style since there were five of us, and I'm glad we did because the portions were huge.  We got three dishes - the clam linguine, eggplant parmesan and I can't remember the third... but all were amazing.  Seriously - I highly recommend trying this place out.It is a small joint so definitely make reservations before hand.  Also, allow plenty of time if you decide to use the limo.  We had tickets to see a show afterward and our limo driver ended up leaving to take someone else back to their hotel... we had to wait for twenty minutes for him to come back and barely made it to our show in time.  But our tummies were happy so we didn't complain too much. ;)This place is definitely old Vegas in a good way, and worth a trip to try it out!
2	This place is not good! Service was slow. Food took 30+ minutes to come out and was a just a bit above average, but not great. Food was overpriced as well. Oh!  How can I forget about the entertainment?!! That was so loud and "cheesy"! I'm not trying to be mean, but it was way too much for a Wed night.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in town. When we have to entertain people from out of town or have a special occasion or just a date night, this is our place. We celebrated our engagement here. Do yourself a favor and eat the stuffed pork chops here before you die. The best I have ever had. They have a great wine selection. The family and friendly environment adds to the quality of this place. You can not go wrong. The prices atmosphere and lets not forget the amazing food have this place right up there with the best of Las Vegas. Sure it's not the most expensive, rare, or trendy place in Vegas, but who the hell wants all of that all of the time?
4	Makes you feel special, offered us complementary limo service on our next trip, (we were staying at Sam's town, and they still offered the limo.) The lounge act harkens back to an earlier vegas style, and the food had great prices for proper portion sizes.
5	This place deserves every star.  If you are looking for a real Vegas experience, this is the place. Great food and great entertainment.  George Bugatti doesn't disappoint.  I will definitely make this place a "must visit" every time I go back to Vegas.
4	This was such a fun night here. It really is a locals place. The only bad part about the night was we had a reservation and it took them 45 minutes to seat us so maybe they overbook or don't plan well for how long people will linger.It was half price night for wine so you could get a bottle of wine for the cost of 3 glasses of wine so we said why not! It was very much the east coast style Italian restaurant. Small, dark, intimate with a real lounge style singer covering all the classics. It was a two person band and they did a pretty decent job of everything they did.Be prepared to be a part of the act. We were there mid week and during our 2-3 hours of being there they sang happy birthday 6 times and the whole restaurant joins in!! It was great!Now how about the food? I was expecting to be unimpressed but it was pretty darn good. Don't be looking for Italy style Italian food but instead think heavy New York Italian and you will be bursting at the seems and very happy. For the older crowd I am sorry to say they do not have spumoni. My Mom was with me and she was really hopeful that a place like this would but everything we got was great. I had chicken parmesan and she had a pasta dish. If/when I go back to Las Vegas I will get off the strip one night and eat here again.
4	this place is off the beaten path and very unassuming in the strip mall area, but we had so much fun here, that it is worth the trip.  The wner is entertaining, he plays instruments, sings to everyone and keeps the atmosphere very upbeat and fun.  We came with a big group from work and we were all apprehensive about the appearance and the location, but were we surprised.  The waiters were terrific, the place was filled with locals and the decor is that old school rat pack, Vegas as it used to be style, its really nicely done.I had the veal. Tammy the linguine & clams, we both shared and the food was great, portions were huge and the rest of the people we were with all had the same compliments.  The drinks were healthy and the wine list, although limited, was sufficient and well thought out.This is the type of fun place, that the owner should be proud to own and as a patron, i was glad we were lucky enough to go in here.  I will definitely be back again and again and if we laugh 1/2 as much next time as we did last time, then it will be 2wice as much as we would have expected anywhere else.I could go on and on about this place, the food, the music, the fun, the people, the service, the friendliness and spirit - were a perfect combination and even as i finish this review, i wish i were there.
1	This is perhaps the worst Italian restaurant that I have been to. I ordered Chicken Marcela and the sauce was like thick gravy,  Tasted terrible. I was using a 2 for 1 coupon and it was still overpriced.
2	When we arrived, it was around 1 am. You have to ring a doorbell to be allowed into the building, which could be either entertaining or annoying depending on your disposition. Once inside, there's a bar area and then a restaurant right past it. The walls are decorated with photos of old Vegas's hey day, with Frank Sinatra, the Flamingo, the Sands and other old locales pictured. It's pretty cool, and during their earlier hours they have live entertainment performing.After midnight they have a special on their bar menu, 1/2 off on all the food. It's basic appetizers and sandwiches, like wings, chicken fingers, sandwiches and pizza. They also have 1/2 off wine on Sundays and Mondays, which we took advantage of while we were there. Their full restaurant menu is also available, so it's worth checking out.  We started out with a half price bottle of wine that was suggested by our server. It was a good choice, with low-acidity and a robust, smooth fruity flavor that beautifully compliments a variety of meals. We enjoyed it, savouring a glass each throughout our meal and bringing the rest home. It's a really nice deal! Worth going on a slow day to take advantage of that fact. Matt, our server, was pleasant and performed a polite demonstration of table service with our wine. He handled the front of house aspect very well considering how busy he was, going back and forth from the restaurant area and the bar. Our meal started with a bread basket with butter and then the caprese salad. The bread had a crisp exterior with a softer interior and was good with the butter. Not baked on premises, I'm guessing- more likely from the Great Buns bakery down the street, because we were given a loaf later and it was completely identical to the first, a signature of mass manufacturing. I didn't eat too much of it, though, because I didn't want to fill up on starch. As far as the caprese, the tomatoes were mushy and largely flavorless; mealy and obviously refrigerated. I understand the necessity of doing so, but in a dish like caprese salad, comprised solely of the tomatoes, mozzarella, basil & olive oil, it's imperative that the ingredients be truely flavorful. It was mild & a bit mediocre. We ate it, but it wasn't really worth getting excited over.We then had the Osso Bucco, or slow-roasted veal shank in a tomato based sauce, with a side of risotto. I immediately noticed that the risotto was REALLY dry and crumbly. Because of the sauciness of the osso bucco, it worked out well enough for me to eat a small portion of the meal, but I wasn't particularly impressed. On the menu they brag that the meat is so tender a knife isn't needed, but I used one. There are tendon pieces, or tougher ligaments that need it on the outer portion of the meat but the interior it IS indeed very tender. This is a restaurant with potential, though it failed to meet my expectations. My boyfriend and I shared our meal and we had enough leftover for our lunches today. I may come back to enjoy their half priced wine and chicken wings. It seemed the bar had a very boisterous clientele, so maybe that's the place to be at the time of night we were being served.We took most of our meal to go. I asked about how dry the risotto was, so the server promised it would be rehydrated for me to take home. Upon reheating for lunch it was still crumbly and dry, though perhaps slightly better. Our server gave us a loaf of free bread to take home with our leftovers, which was a nice touch.
4	Definately a place that is a little cheesy and has the Cliche of what one would expect from Italian food in Las Vegas. However the food is very good and the service is very strong. A great date place for people that don't take themselves seriously and wan't to have fun. The Steak Flambe was very good and the Chicken Picatta my friend had was good as well.
4	Food was great. Good service. Nice atmosphere; photos of old Las Vegas on the walls and Sinatra on the stereo. Good place for a date or a group dinner. Eat it!
4	My husband and I went because we wanted to get off the strip (i.e. lower prices for a 4 day trip!) and enjoy some delish Italian food. Casa di Amore is your spot - they offer to pick you up in a limo and then you take a step back in time. We ordered the chicken parm & it was amazing - must order whenever you go to this restaurant! It is the perfect combo of chicken, cheese and sauce. yummm :)Also, their drinks are very reasonable at about $8 each. If you are a bit of a wine snob, you may want to bring your own bottle and pay the super reasonable corkage. :)All in all, great experience & would highly recommend!
4	I finally got to try this place out - after having wanting to have gone my past two trips to Vegas.Res. at 8:30 on a Friday night and the limo was available for pickup at Mirage.  Dunno how we lucked out, but we did.Well, we weren't seated til 9:15 or so.  This was a little ridiculous.  Fortunately we chatted up a few others around the bar.Other than that, everything went well.  The vibe is nice, but the dude they had singing was a bit much.Our waiter was outstanding.  This is what service should be like in the most expensive city in the US to eat in.  We (5 guys) did an order of mushrooms and calimari to start off with.  Mushrooms were great and the calimari was THE best i've had, to date.Dinner comes and my veal parm is great.  a lil pricey at $30, but it was also the best I've had.  The cheese was melted perfectly - starting to turn brown to give that extra little crisp.Our limo driver was ok at best.  He didn't really say much of anything even tho I tried shooting the shit with him when he picked us up.  But, for a free ($15 tip) cab ride I didn't complain.Worth a stop if the limo is available.
4	My man surprised me with an impromptu dinner here. I was still in my work clothes covered in liquor and muddled fruit (I'm a bartender) but I decided to leap at the chance for some tasty old school Italian food. So yummy to the tummy! Brad (I think that was his name) was our server and just a delight to talk to (its amazing how nice people are when you smile and are polite...a lesson to the inexperienced diners and all-around rude people out there). He led us to the best dishes on their vast menu (I had the osso buco and garlic cheese bread). He also was very helpful in picking out the ideal glass of Super Tuscan wine. The night couldn't have been better. It was a much needed break from my kids and work. I loved the music, the lighting, the food and the service. Will definitely be back.
5	Somewhere, between the days when the Italian mob used to run this town and today, Italian restaurants in Vegas started acting like the coward bully who only starts picking on people and acting like a big shot when he thinks the teacher is not coming back. Most of them have great food and many of them try to show off their connections to the days of old, pretending to be something they never were and never could be.Casa di Amore is one of those establishments that has a real connection to Vegas' past, but lacks the pretention of those other joints. Everyone here, from staff to management to the customers who make Casa di Amore their regular stop, is genuinely low key and laid back. They're far more interested in making sure you enjoy yourself with some old-time Vegas than trying to pretend they are some big shot from the glory days.The food is exactly as good as you expect and never let's you down. The price point is extremely reasonable, especially on half price wine bottle night. Stop in and you'll be made to fell at home - with a great meal and a fabulous experience.
5	My wife surprised me with this excellent rest!  WoW!  I was impressed the service excellent, the food was outstanding and the limo ride was fantastic!  I would highly recommend this location to anyone!  We need to come back and bring the kids!
3	Food was excellent, service was also very good.  Those are the positives.Negatives - We got seated one hour after our reservation.  The lounge singer was loud enough that normal conversation was not possible.  If you want old style Las Vegas off the strip with really good food, and don't want/need conversation and arrive knowing that you will probably be seated late than this is a good place to go.
5	I drove by this place so many times and I finally ate here! It's very cute and small. Inside the restaurant it's "old Vegas" decor with a live band. Attracts the older crowd, but I love enjoying authentic Italian food in a family owned kinda restaurant. The staff was very friendly, and the guy who performed had an amazing Frank Sinatra kinda voice...my kinda jam.  I got the Osso Buco (veal on a bed of risotto rice---very tasty) paired with an awesome glass of Chocolate Shop red wine--which was a sweeter kind of red wine. Great place if you want a little something nicer than Olive Garden with a twist of Vegas authenticity!
5	You cannot beat this place, when it comes to good wine and untypical italian food. Will always be a fave when in Rome. The bartenders and servers certainly know how to guage their audience. It's fine dining, but when you care to speak your mind, the staff gets you, and I dig it..
3	I went there for an early dinner recently and overall it was a fun experience, albeit an expensive one.  The prices are higher than the quality and that's really the bottom line here.  The service was excellent.  Every member of the staff we encountered was professional, knowledgable, and personable.  The food, while overpriced, was still very good.  I ordered the half serving of the stuffed pork chops and it was very tasty.  The cannoli for desert was very good as well.  Others at our table ordered a wide variety of items, to which the consensus was the food was great.  So, really you are paying for the ambiance and the service.  The interior of the restaurant is dark and has an old school feel to it, which to me is awesome.  The only sticking point is the prices on the menu, where I feel you can absolutely get food at least as good at other places for a better value.  I will go to Casa Di Amore now once in a while to change things up, but not as my mainstay italian restaurant on town.
4	Old world Italian at it's finest. Screw the on-strip fancy pants joints, if you want a taste of what it's like dining in an old-school Mafia style Italian eatery, this is your joint. Exposed brick, colored Christmas lights, live music (or singer I should say), classic Vegas photos on the wall and a more than friendly staff to ensure your experience is fantastic. The food (in my humble opinion) was DELICIOUS, however I feel they are a bit heavy on the price tag (hence the star short of perfection). I mean, let's be real, for $19 I could make eggplant parm for an army, ha ha! Perfect date place, dim lighting, great ambiance (as you've read in most of my reviews, ambiance is extremely important to me..makes the food taste better), and a friendly staff. I celebrated a big birthday this year and courtesy of some pretty amazing people choosing this venue, I had the BEST time! Check out Casa Di Amore for a swanky night out on the town with your guy or gal..totally worth the experience.
1	Italian DISASTER!  This place promotes itself as if it is bigger than it is, so they stuff you in the bar to wait then cram you around a table in the cramped dining room.  Family style?  Not my family.
4	After a 2.5 day video game binge I realized I was hungry, at midnight, on a Sunday ...  so I set out to find some place that was a) open b) would feed me (not just get me drunk), and c) not jack in the box(or anything of the sort).  What I found, was Casa di Amore.First, let me say that I wasn't expecting very prompt or excellent service given the time and day, but within a minute of walking in I was seated, and very shortly there after had a glass of wine. :D Clearly I was happy with the service.The menu was quite expansive and the wine selection was very good. After ordering, the wait for the food was relatively short given the time. around 20 min if I remember right. ... WOW! the food ... damn it was good!The atmosphere was relaxed, not too loud, and quite comfortable all around. The background music wasn't the typical Italian joint 10 song album on repeat, it had quite a bit of variation, still lounge music but at least unique, in a way.I'll definitely be going back, likely many times. I gave it 4 stars, would have preferred 4.5 though. Only reason I didn't give it a 5 was the price of the food. It seemed everything started at $20 a plate BUT it was worth it.
5	Fantastic, authentic Italian cuisine.  The way Vegas used to be.
5	Did resarch last 2 weeks, settled on casa after reading many reviews on different web sites. Called on 4/16 from home for a reservation on my b day 4/18, with their limo pick-up from the mirage. My wife and I were picked  up promptly at 7pm by gustavo. Arrived at the restaurant at 715 our reservation time, decided to wait for a booth (crowded) went  to the bar and we both ordered a bottle of wine (half price night on wine sunday and monday's) NOTE  smokers as we are took a glass of wine outside and waited for our booth (nice touch). Stephen was our waiter, very knowledgeable we decided an twice wrapped prawns for our appettiser really good 4 large prawns. Dinner was even better I had veal parmagine wife had a grilled ribeye steak both were just cooked perfectly, also great warm bread. Stephen checked on us quite a bit but not too much. We got a wonderful cannoli on the house for my birthday (nice touch) also really good. Waited outside for about 5 minutes for gustavo to return us to the mirage. All in all a great evening, glad we chose casa. The entire check was $109.00 before tax and tip, a real bargain compared to any place on the strip. Don't be cheap (LOL) be sure and tip the limo driver, (they have 2 limo's)
2	Okay, so first off, I'm an Italian from NY who has been in Vegas for 2 years and I'm still in search of an Italian restaurant that I can frequent.  My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner and because we had $20 off with our new entertainment book that we just got recently.  Normally I have no problem paying a little more for food, provided it is good.  SO, I'd have to say that I'm really glad we had a $20 off coupon to eat here.  The food itself is deserving of 2 stars but I gave the place 3 stars because it's cute inside and Brad, our server, was really nice.  My hope for him is that he will someday wait tables at a place that actually serves decent food.So, on to the actual food..We started out with fried calamari, which was pretty good.  The sauce that came with was actually decent as well. No issues here.I ordered Eggplant Parm and my husband is a Chicken Parm fan.. For the money they charge for the entrees, $19 and $24 respectively, I would have hoped for more food.  Italian food is all about portions, and of course flavor, but you won't get rave reviews from me unless you actually FEED ME... Casa di amore didn't do this well.My husbands chicken came with a steak knife, which, most people eating chicken parm would need.. My dinner also came with a steak knife.. first thoughts were "Why the hell would I need a steak knife for eggplant? I should be able to eat this with just a fork, no problem." BOY WAS I WRONG. Holy crap I could barely cut with it the steak knife it was so hard. With the time it took for them to actually COOK the meal, it should have been mush on the plate. Definitely NOT impressed with this at all.I'm starting to think that the reason why there are no good Italian places in Vegas is because all of the REAL Italians stayed in the Tri-State area.
4	My wife and I had decided to come here for dinner a couple of nights. We were looking for a place close to my work and UNLV. My wife mentioned there was an Italian restaurant near the coffee shop she frequents. I'm always up for Italian, so we decided to give it a try.It had the feel of an old school New York Italian restaurant.For our appetizer we ordered the twice wrapped prawns. It was okay but not nearly as good as I was hoping it would be. The flavors just weren't there.For our entrees we ordered the pork chops with vinegar and peppers and the eggplant di amore. Both were quite good, and the portions were large. The restaurant is a little pricey, so while I may go back, I doubt I'll be a regular.
5	Best Italian food I have ever had.  I love the feel and absolutely EVERYTHING here is good...  It's a little pricey, but the fried shrimp and spaghetti is totally worth it :3
4	A real East coast neighborhood Italian feel. Godfatherish. I fully expected to see Frank or Dino in the next booth. Not a tourist joint. I loved the atmosphere lots of families, birthdays, just regular people. Food was good, not great. Entertainment and atmosphere made up for it. We  went on Sunday, half price wine night. Very enjoyable experience.I would recommend it. Prices reasonable.
5	If you are looking for a place to have a romantic dinner or just a place with a gourmet feel, this is definitely the place to go! It's off of the strip so you don't have the loud noise of the casino atmosphere in the background. They'll also come pick you up in a limo if you request (for free I believe). The food was absolutely delicious, but what made this visit special was our waiter. Brad was the best waiter I think I have ever had at a restaurant! He was very attentive but not overly in your face. He was very professional but fun. Overall I would definitely eat here again and recommend this place to any and everyone!
3	It's funny that I went here after I watched the Anthony Bourdain where he bemoans the trend of traditional Italian-AMERICAN food disappearing, as it dissolves into a mishmash of regional cuisines of Italy. Is there something shameful about a veal parm? Not in my book, and not in Bourdain's either.Old school, dark walls, candles on the table. I also had the pleasure of watching the Godfather on AMC's mob week before I went here, so it was awesome seeing pictures of old Vegas like the Sands with Dino and Frankie on the marquee. They send a limo to pick you up, and all you have to do is tip the driver. Onto the food! Well first the wine. Their wine list was surprisingly pricey, but the cheap 30 dollar chianti was a solid pick. The bread was uninspired, the butter clearly pre-frozen. I ordered the pork chop saltimbucca, half order, because TWO 8oz pork chops is a little too much. It was pretty good, a little salty. My friends ordered lasagna, fettuccine, eggplant parm. I tried all of them, and while it's nice to have these italian american classics around, I could have made these at home for half the price, easy. However, it's a solid place and I liked that it was off the strip and not touristy as hell.
5	My husband and I were looking for an old-style Italian restaurant.  We didn't want to eat at a trendy or chain restaurant.  This is exactly what we were looking for!  It had that old charm to it-- leather seats, dimly lit, live music.  The food was amazing.  We had the calamari for an appetizer.  It was good-- we've had better.  The garlic loaf was cheesy and warm.  My husband had the eggplant and raved about it. I tried the lasagna and think it's the best I've ever had.  It was a little pricey, but still less than comparable food on the strip.  Definitely worth a try if you want to go off the strip!  But, if you're looking for a younger crowd, you won't find them here (at least when we were there).
4	I really enjoyed Casa di Amore.  The ambiance alone is very old school Vegas...but be prepared for the facade.  We almost did not go in the restaurant given the facade.  I'm not sure if they have more parking in the rear but we both thought the front looked like a ghost town when we pulled in for our 7 PM reservation on a Saturday night.Remember the abandoned restaurant the Fratelli's were hanging at in The Goonies?  Similar.Anyway, glad we went in.  The food was superb, the atmosphere was perfect and the service was fantastic.  The entertainment...well, he sounded JUST like Frank Sinatra...but he looked like Ronnie from Jersey Shore.  Still great.Pricing was pretty moderate.  I was full and happy when we left.
5	Totally authentic Italian food!!  The limo driver was fantastic and the Frank Sinatra singer was great.  We had a group of ten and were taken care of like we were family.  I had the veal piccata and was pleasantly surprised.  The cannoli was fantastic and my husband's birthday was celebrated by all!!!
5	Short trip off the Las Vegas strip! Excellent Food!  We had a party of 29 people!  Service was top notched! I had the Shrimp in Vodka, I wish I had taken some to go!  Would go just for this place.   It gives you the ambieance of an old Las Vegas club and the singer they had that night wasn't bad!  If your in Vegas you gotta try this place out.
4	What a fun place to be! Love the atmosphere, decor, no valet parking, and half price wine on Sunday and Monday! There is live performance and totally old NY Italian feel. Awesome! The food is good too. The green salad came with real "green" instead of iceberg, the chicken noodles soup is delish, and the bread is warm and addictive. My friend ordered the house favorite vinegar and pepper pork chop and he loved it. The spice and vinegar is too pungent for me but for those who love it, it's great flavor. I had the fillet and risotto special. It's good but not great. The steak over cooked and risotto too mushy. Not gonna dog them for it. Still a great experience. Definitely will return when I'm back!
4	This place is TOO Cute!!! it SCREAMS...Vegas BABY Vegas! While driving to my kick ball game I saw this adorable place and decided it looked hopeful. When we walked in they asked us if we had a reservation and we did not. I laughed because the place was empty so why in the world would we need a reservation!? VERY soon the place was FULL!!!! The live singing was such a great added touch to the ambiance! The old Vegas feel and the waitstaff MAKE THIS PLACE! On to the food....I had the chicken parm and it was not bad.. not the best I have ever had but it certainly wasn't bad! Their homemade bread and garlic butter was yummy!!! The best part of the entire meal was their chicken alfredo!!! To die for!  I recommend this place highly and to top it off they have a limo they will pick you up in! You can't get more vegas than that!
5	We had a large party(about 30 people) here and we were so pleased with the service, food, and ambiance. Kathleen helped us coordinate the party and set a menu. She was very helpful, professional, and accomodating to last minute changes.  They sent two limos to pick us up.  This was really nice!  The drivers were very friendly.The restaurant is very old school east coast Italian. There was a singer...and he made the restaurant feel very intimate. The food was great! The antipasti was really delicious and I was very pleased with the veal piccata. The service was especially wonderful! The wine was flowing...we didn't need to ask for anything!  They were so on top of it!  Brad was especially great!!!  He took extra steps to make sure we were all happy!Thanks for such a great experience...we will come back on our next trip to Vegas!  We will recommend this place to our friends and family.
5	Went out on Yelp and read the reviews. Went to setup a reservation through Yelp and the earliest we could get a reservation was 2 hours out. Called the restaurant and they confirmed they could take us with in 1 hour. Of course, we opted for the 1 hour. Our party was eight people.The staff was lovely as well as the food. The portions were large and we were able to split meals between two people. The staff was okay with the splitting of meals and continued to give us great service.The atmosphere reminded me of old style Las Vegas of the 60s and 70s. Tables were set in such a way you felt like you had your own space and were not sitting on top of others. The booths were in the old style as well. The entertainer for the night sang mostly Sinatra and Martin songs. He did an an outstanding job.The next time I am in Vegas, I will be eating here again.
5	This place was awesome! If you want an old Vegas experience go here!Italian-American food that was very good, good portions and reasonably priced.  Our server Toni was so nice, friendly and made our experience there worthwhile.  The performer (George Bugatti) sounded just like Sinatra (if you closed your eyes, you would swear it was really him).  It was nice to go somewhere off the strip and have it give you the Vegas feeling.  They even have a limo (free w/ tip) to come and get you and bring you back if you want.  You get a free t-shirt if you order the creme brulee or cannoli for dessert - which we did. There were quite a few birthdays/anniversaries that were being celebrated.I would highly recommend it and will make it a point to go back when I return.One last thing - there was a lieutenant in the air force who was being deployed next week there with his family.  The restaurant must have been notified about it b/c they announced it and everyone clapped for him.  They comped his dinner which was extremely classy in my book!
2	I like the atmosphere, service and the people that was there last night.  Server was excellent , but the menu is pricy and the food it's not even that good.  We had calamari, it's dry and needs some more seasonings.  We also had bruchetta, mine was better.  My my own opinion, I won't come back there anymore.  Thank you!
5	Simply the best restaurant in Vegas.Casa blends the decor of old Vegas with the warmth of an Italian family and food that is consistently *perfect*. No ... seriously ... this food is ridiculous.  There's not a single item I've tried on the menu that did make me stop chewing to stare at my wife in wide-eyed amazement.   Everything from the tender meat to the pasta to the sauces to the tangy, perfectly salted house dressing is incredible. The staff is friendly and funny, the live music is old Vegas and hilarious.  You'll eat like royalty and feel like you're in Goodfellas (without all the murder). Casa di Amore is the very spirit of Vegas.
4	The atmosphere of this place makes it great as soon as you walk in. The food was really good and the portions were adequate. I had a stuffed pork chop and it was AMAZING!!!  The Alfredo sauce is pretty amazing too. The prices are a little on the high side but worth it.
5	My husband and I went here for the first time the other night and we both thought it was amazing!I had the Grilled Salmon Fiorentine and my husband had the classic Baked Lasagna.  He said it was the best lasagna he had ever had and my salmon was absolutely ridiculously good.  Went home with no leftovers!  Yummy, everyone should try this place.We were each able to get a free drink from the bar with our foursquare check-in.  We also used a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate that we purchased for $2!!  Lovely date night with my husband at a romantic place on a budget.  You can't beat it!!
4	as an extremely serious italian cuisine critic blathering from a mouth spanning from generations of proud & well-fed italiano descendants, I typically dined @ Casa di Amore tenuously. The gnocchi was pretty good, salmon was exceptional and the service was very friendly & knowledgable. Entertainment very nice, and the dark lighting & photos throughout of old Vegas very comforting. The crowd was very loud and boisterous, enhancing the old italian family dining experience. No surprise that the pricing was way out of line though. fifty bucks for a decent dinner and a cocktail?... seriously, like they should be spoon-feeding me & wiping my chin @ those prices.
5	Cheesy as f*ck. That being said... the service and the food are AMAZING. Yes, it's on the pricy side... but man I had the best Chicken Marsala of my life. This is a pseudo-romantic restaurant off the strip with plenty of parking... and we went there with a group of 3 dudes. We were swooning alright... for the delicious food.Thanks!
5	WOW.First of all a few things that might have skewed my experience.  1) There's no decent Italian in Hawaii2) I just spent the rest of the weekend in Vegas spending triple digits on food that wasn't astonishing.THIS PLACE IS AMAZINGIt's open super late, the staff is incredibly accomodating and the food is out of this world.  we got pasta, pasta and pastas and destroyed their large enough to share portions individually.NOTE:  Their Fra Diavolo is not joking around, i spent a week eating sichuan hot pot and this bowl had my mouth on fire.Super thankful we ran into some friends that live in the area, otherwise we would have never found this place.SO GOOD.
4	My wife is a cookbook author and food critic / blogger - so we eat out at fancy restaurants at least once or twice a week, and are very critical of the places we go.  As we are always eating out and looking for another hidden gem for her to write about, we tend not to frequent any restaurant unless it is way better than average.I proposed to my wife at this restaurant almost 5 years ago, and it is incredibly rare if we are at Casa less than once or twice in a month.  The drinks are good, the wine list is acceptable (with half price bottles on Sunday and Monday), the food is SPECTACULAR, and the service is impeccable.  We have never had a bad meal here.We have dubbed this place "The Mob Joint," as the atmosphere is very "Old Vegas."  The decor is straight out of 1960's Vegas, and the brick walls are lined with pictures from the days of Frank and Sammy.  The booths and tables (lined in white linen) are dimly lit, with a romantic ambiance, and the place is just fabulous.  Their nightly entertainment is usually George, who sounds a lot like a young Frank Sinatra, and does a lot of fabulous old crooner tunes, interspersed with some comedy, some show tunes and some Billy Joel.  He is amazing.The twice wrapped prawns that everyone here seems to be complaining about are great, wrapped in cheese and then baked in a puff pastry dough.  I think that the salty of the shrimp and cheese mixed with the slight tangy of the dough plays really, really well against the super-sweet of the caramel sauce.  (and we save the caramel sauce to drizzle over the ice cream at the end of the meal)  I like this dish quite a bit, though we don't order it every time.  What we DO order every time is their cheese garlic loaf and a side dish of Alfredo sauce for dipping.....Oh My GOD there is nothing quite so sinful.  You simply MUST try it.Their steaks and stuffed pork chops are what we usually order, and they are beyond superb.  Their Osso Bucco is the best I've ever had.  It is so tender it literally falls from the bone.  The Vodka Shrimp is incredible as well.  Over the years, we've had most of the pasta dishes on the menu and have never been disappointed. Their prices are on the high side, but nothing that I wouldn't expect to pay at any of the restaurants of this caliber in Vegas.  For us, with a (half price) bottle of wine, the bread loaf, an appetizer to share, side Caesar salads, our meals, and a shared ice cream treat, our bill usually runs about $125 - $150, which is what we generally spend any time we go out for a really nice dinner - and with their portions, we always have some left over for lunch the following day.My only minor complaint about this place is that their desserts are less than spectacular, as they are currently pre-made off-site. I do love that the waitstaff are all willing to be honest about the desserts they like, and which to avoid (my wife ordered a creme brulee once, and our waiter leaned down and said with a meaningful look, "I would really recommend the Chocolate-Peanut-Butter Bomba...The creme bruleee is, well, not what you would expect."). Fortunately, the last time we were there the Maitre D' mentioned that they were bringing on a pastry chef in the very near future, so now the only problem will be saving ROOM for dessert!Overall, if you are looking for that perfect little hole in the wall, that will give you the true old Vegas kind of experience, Casa Di' Amore will deliver in a big way.  Oh, and if you call in advance, They even offer complimentary limo service from/to any of the hotels on The Strip!
4	Where the Rat Pack must have held courtThis is the real deal for good 'East Coast' Italian food.  No LV strip bling.  It's old school baby!  I've been here 3 times both with a group and just my teenage son.  Great Osso Buco, great service. The pictures of Bugsy's Vegas in the 50's that adorn the walls make it a throwback to a quiet place that the rat pack would hang out to avoid tha paparazzi.  Lots of locals, not a tourist stop.  Live piano and guess what? He channels Dino and Frankie.  Great evening and located not far from the strip.  It's next door to an indoor machine gun shooting range - go figure.  On the way in, you drive past the Liberace museum.  What a city: Gangsters, Guns and Glitter all in an evening's dinner.
4	More like 4.5 First time I walked in here, I was a little scared that I might be walking into the Mob's headquarters. But after we were seated, boy was I charmed by this place.There's live entertainment on the weekends (not sure about other times) and that man can sing! He knows how to work up the crowd and get people dancing. It's just a feel good environment and everyone makes you feel like family in there. First time I came, there were 3 of us and we decided to share everything we ordered: the antipasto sampler, eggplant di amore, gnocchi alla prosciutto, and their special of the night which was a herb chicken with pasta. The food was nothing short of amazing, except for the gnocci. It was too rich for my liking. Cheese sauce plus the gnocchi, which are just potato dumplings, was just too much. But other than that, food was pretty great.Second time, my bf and I started off with their fabulous garlic loaf. When they say fabulous, they mean FABULOUS. It was stuffed with garlicky cheese and just hot out of the oven. Delizioso! Then we had the twice wrapped prawns which had a tasty sweet walnut sauce. It was pretty good but I'd say it could use less filo dough and more prosciutto and cheese. Still not bad though. Lastly, we had the fettuccine alla pappasito and that was excellent. The sausage was spiced perfectly and there was a large helping of them. Also, usually if you split an entree, they'll charge $5, but our waiter just brought out an extra plate for us to split it at the table so the $5 charge was waived. Super nice of him!This place has been fun times each time I came and I think there will be many more visits here. Good food, live entertainment, great restaurant!
4	My wife and I had a great experience, they were able to get us a table even though we had no reservations and the place was packed! Our waiter Tony was very attentive and answered all your questions and provided us a few of his personal recommendations. I didn't realize that they are willing to pick you up from your Hotel in a limousine for free!  So next time were planning ahead and take advantage of the limo ride service so I can indulge in all the fine wines that they have available.
5	Limo picked us up they had great food and great music. They are usually packed so reservations might help. They are right next to the gun store which is awesome as well. I'd say go shoot then go eat.Great night out!
5	The best Osso Bucco I have ever had. My wife had the Ciopino and said it was the best since 15 years ago in Conneticut. Our waiter Tony was great, Sam picked us up in the tips only limo.  Half price wine on Sunday.  Old Vegas style, I sure wish this place was back home. I will be back every time we return!
2	so my lady on her quest of the best chicken parm in vegas has taken us to  casa di amore.. let me begin with what vegas used to be is a understatment because im sure old vegas wasnt decorated in swapmeeet renderings of old school vegas pics..on to the food the bread stale not even warm the butter kept in the fridge so to hard to spread.. i had the baked something or other  which was a penne pasta ricotta cheese meat sauce and mozzarella i wont brag about it especially for $20.. her chicken parm now a decent size and well seasoned but definetly not worth $24..now the service was horrible we seen our waiter 2x once to take our order and once to fill our water since that was all he offered us to drink.. then when we attempted to use  our restaurants.com app gift certificate he said we cant accept the app u need to print it out we have never had this problem before and we use these all the time ..when we  asked to speak to the manager he said hes gonna tell u the same thing wrong answer buddy just go get the boss.. now the african boss runnin the italian spot kinda odd i dont mean african as in a black guy i mean like from africa african.. im not being racist bcuz i am black myself..anyway he was kind enough to allow my lady to go to there office and print the gift cert but was rude to her the whole time i didntgo back there bcuz i was already irritated at this point.. so after all said and done my meal was as still $35 and i woulda rather ate macaroni grill ill never go here again!!!!!!!
4	Great baked clams, desserts are good, fresh ravioli awesome. Service was terrific. This place reminds me of the Italian restaurants in NY
1	Terrible service.  Over priced. Small portions.
4	We had a great time.  We got picked up promptly by the limo, the driver was nice and fun to talk to, we were seated quickly, the food was really good, the portions were good, the vibe was fun, the entertainment was great and we had a nice conversation with the drummer, and we really enjoyed ourselves.For the price, I would not go often, but for a special treat, it was pretty perfect.
3	My wife and I and our group of 6 were looking forward to a meal off the strip for a change. I came across Casa Di Amore while reading some other reviews. It started out great with their limo picking us up at our hotel (Aria). If you call them far enough in advance, they may have their limo pick you up and take you back to a strip hotel. There is no charge but make sure you tip the diver. He was great and picked up and dropped us off in style. The atmosphere is fun in the style of "Old Vegas" meaning pictures of Sinatra on the wall and live music every night. It is very lively and loud. The dress is casual. I am a New Yorker born, raised and currently living. Good Italian restaurants are the norm in NY but I couldn't wait to try some of their dishes after some of the rave reviews. Well, The 6 of us had some starters and 6 different mains. The chicken parm., chicken florentine and the other standards were all fine. But just fine-not more. The service also was fine-but not more. And yes-the desserts were fine-but not more.I will say the wine list was above average. It can also be a pricey evening depending upon what you order.I would still recommend Casa Di Amore if you want to get off the strip for a meal and experience a little "Old Vegas." It's a good change from some of the more upscale restaurants on strip. If you are in Vegas for 3 nights or more, make this one of your dinner stops and enjoy the limo ride!
1	After looking on Yelp and Trip Advisor, I was excited to take my parents who were in town visiting to Casa di Amore. I've heard good things about this place and was sure to make reservations as it was a Saturday night. As we walked in, the host informed us they were running 10 minutes behind. It was a nice night so we decided to wait outside. After waiting 30 minutes, we went inside to check and were told there was one party in front of us. After waiting another 15 minutes, we went in to check again and the hostess told us that she had accidentally cancelled our reservation. No apologies were made for the miscommunication at which point we promptly left. I was extremely disappointed by this first impression and living in a town with so many great restaurants, I doubt I will give them a second look.
4	Great food, wonderful atmosphere, service and music.  Perfect spot before or after the airport. Eggplant di Amore was delicious and huge portions.  Stuffed garlic bread is amazing and the wine selections and prices are fair.  We will definitely be back. *I heard they offer half portions of entrees if you ask so this would be a good idea unless you are splitting.  It's a little loud with the music so not ideal for a quiet dinner but you can get a table further away from the stage if you make a reservation.
5	I said this many times through the night, but Casa di Amore has to be everything I have ever wanted in an Italian restaurant. Upon approaching the building, a man dressed nicely in a suit opened the door for my boyfriend and I. The moment we stepped inside, we were transported into a world of live music, Italian food, and great company. The restaurant was definitely crowded, I mean come on it was a Friday night, luckily there was an empty table to we were seated right away. Our server Brad came right away to our table just to introduce himself and let us know he was already getting some bread ready for our table. Brad was very helpful through the night in helping us decide which meal would satisfy our taste buds.I opted to get the Frutti Di Mare with a cup of soup. My boyfriend chose the Veal Piccata with a cup of soup. The Breakdown:The soup was an Italian take on chicken noodle. The noodles were tiny little pasta balls served in a hot chicken broth with chicken chunks, carrots, and celery. The Frutti Di Mare was the best I have had in a while. It came with huge mussels, clams, scallops, calamari,  and ginormous shrimp! The shrimp and mussels were definitely my favorite part of the dish. I have never eaten shrimp so tasty or huge before. All of this seafood goodness was served on a bed of linguine with your choice of red or white sauce. The server knew I wanted something a little spicy, so he offered to have the kitchen make the red sauce with some spice. My gosh that was the best decision of my life. It definitely made the dish perfect!The Veal Piccata came served in a sauce with lemon, mushrooms, basil, and a hint of wine. In addition to that, it came with a small bowl of penne pasta in a marinara sauce. My boyfriend enjoyed the dish, but felt that it was a little too small for him (he eats A LOT, so it's perfect for those who want a normal sized portion). The night was wonderful and the atmosphere made me smile the whole night. Hearing the live music made me feel like I was transported back in time. This is definitely a great date spot, so definitely try it out! They offer a limo service as well, so if you give them a call earlier in the day they can pick you and your date up! Definitely a way to impress your significant other! It's free of charge, but obviously leave a good tip!
3	Food was very good,especially stuffed garlic bread, unfortunately,several problems were encountered. We were seated very close to a wedding party, and our chairs were constantly being bumped by guests and servers. The singer, within 2 hours, sang5  songs, 2 of which was happy birthday. Noise level was excessive. Server had no clue if they had certain foods, and manager, at least we thought it was the manager, did nothing but walk around doing nothing all night, till we left, then asked if everything was ok.  drinks were not served in correct glasses. I will try again, since the food was yummy.
5	BEST ESPRESSO MARTINIS IN TOWN!!!  (after midnight),.  Brian the graveyard bartender is amazing!!  My fiance and I go there atleast once a week to have a  late night snack and a drink or two.  Great atmosphere, service, and food.  Anytime we have guests from out of town in we take them to Casa Di Amore and recommend it to everyone.  Love this place!!!
3	We were lucky to have gotten in without a reservation on a Tuesday night! Did not feel touristy, but it seemed that most people in the place were not from the area. Loved all the canvases on the wall of Old Vegas--definitely more history than you'll get anywhere on the strip.The food was good--we split the alfredo and it was a perfect split size. Not very many wines by the glass, and cheaper to order the bottle anyway. Soup and salad does not come with the entree, and I would not recommend spending the extra money--the entree itself was very filling and we had split it! Plus it was nothing that special--chicken noodle "spin off" as some others have said. A few complaints: Our server was sort of kissing up to us, but when it came time to get our bill he was nowhere to be found. They also don't seem to have serving sections, so it would have been hard to grab his attention. Luckily the manager(?) walked by and heard us talking about it so he ran the check for us. Also unsure whether bread comes with the meal--we were not offered any and ordered the garlic loaf instead, but the table next to ours got bread with olive oil and vinegar. I will give it another chance, but there are other places I'd recommend to out-of-towners.
5	This place is fantastic! Old Vegas lives on. Food is incredible!
4	If there is any old school mobsters still left in Vegas, you'll probably find them at Casa di Amore.  This place is all around great, and feels like it was pulled right out of NYC and plopped down just off the Vegas strip.  The atmosphere here is great, with a very old school Vegas feel, from the somewhat seedy rear entry, to the lounge act belting Sinatra tracks from the room, to the the staff who all seem to have been plucked right from a Scorsese film.  The food is simply great.  All the classics, done right, it's as simple as that.  I have a soft spot for the chicken parm, which is big enough to feed a starving family of four.  The service here is excellent - friendly with just a touch of 'I don't give a f**k' attitude.  My only complaint is that it is a bit pricey, especially since it's off the strip, otherwise, this is one of the better italian restaurants on or off the strip.
5	A fabulous off the strip find.  The descriptions of mobster hangout, old school italian, etc. are all accurate.  We were here on a Sunday night and it was packed with locals.  The gentleman who does the entertainment/singing/piano is quite a character, he has a lovely voice and we enjoyed his music and spirit.  One of the highlights was him pulling his old friend, an actor/performer, on stage for an impromptu performance, very neat.  Our waiter, Tony (of course), truly made our evening; the wine recommendation from Cakebread Cellars was bang on - and because it was Sunday (& Mondays too) all wine bottles were 50% off, wow!  The lobster ravioli special was incredible as was the pomodoro fresco.  The bruschetta was good, but we wouldn't order that one again.  Desserts were excellent, made in house and imported from Italy.The ambiance, entertainment, service, food and wine were fantastic; we thoroughly enjoyed this fun, cozy and romantic evening; for that, we thought the prices were reasonable.  It cost us $24 for a cab from the strip to here, but they do offer a complimentary limousine that we may take advantage of next time - oh yes, there will definitely be a next time.A nice break from the high priced, fake, stuffy places on the strip.
3	Decided to go here based on reviews on Trip Advisor (instead of my original choice of Batista's Hole In The Wall), plus the Restaurant.com certificate, plus the fact they pick you up in a limo if you make reservations over the phone far enough in advance was what helped us make the decision to eat at Casa Di Amore. I arranged to have the limo pick us up at the Rio after "The Rat Pack Is Back" show (after the meal, he returned us to the hotel we were staying at, the Flamingo). Neither my mom or I had ever had a limo ride, so this was a good treat. The driver was nice and very chatty.When we got inside Casa Di Amore, the hostess took my name but acted like I hadn't made a reservation. Although it was Mother's Day, it was a Sunday night, at 10pm, and it was not busy, several tables were empty, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes. The entertainment was just packing up, so we missed that completely :-/Our waiter (I think his name was Bradley) was not very nice, in fact, he was a bit of a jerk. He was really short with us the entire time, and made several rude remarks to me.I think he saw my Restaurant.com certificate, and every restaurant we went to on this trip and used one of these, we got poor service from the waitstaff (which is ironic since they are guaranteed a bigger tip with one of these certificates)I have a lot of indigestion issues, and basil doesn't agree with me, so when at Italian restaurants I always order regular spaghetti w/ marinara sauce. I've never had an issue. But, this sauce had large strands of basil, as well as small chopped pieces of it. Also, the portion was puny, maybe about 1 cup of cooked noodles.My mom got spaghetti w/ meat sauce and meatballs. Her plate had a HEAPING portion of food. I know she had meat sauce and meatballs, but there really shouldn't have been that big of a difference between our portion sizes. Anyway, I notice all the basil on my food and immediately start the long process of picking it out with my fork. I haven't even taken a bite when the waiter noticed and asks how our meal is, my mom asks him if they have a sauce w/o so much basil, even asks for the sauce from the kids menu, but he tells us this is their plainest sauce. He then tells me that he can swap it out for something else, but what else is there if this is their plainest sauce? I go on, and try to eat my spaghetti. I take a bite, and follow it with several gulps of water. My mouth HURTS. In the next 15 minutes I go on to take 3 more bites, but each one is more excruciating than the next. I feel like my lips are on fire. Waiter comes up to us again and asks how everything is, and I tell him I just cannot eat the food in front of me. He tells me, "you should have said something when I asked earlier." He pointed to my food, which originally was just about 1 cup of cooked noodles and I had only eat 4 small bites, and went on to say, "its obvious you ate most the meal. What do you expect me to do? I can get my manager out, and I KNOW what he will say."I argue that I only ate 4 small bites, and my mom steps in asking if I could just get a small side order of plain noodles, then I chime in that I want no sauce that I'll just put a little parmesan on top. He says he can do that, but I'll be charged for it. What else can I do, I'm hungry. He brought it, and I ate it just the way I said I would. It was fine, but I was still hungry, so I ordered Creme Brulee (& which comes with a free t-shirt). The Creme Brulee was good, still warm so I waited a minute or two or else the top wouldn't break just right. When he brought the check he pointed out my original meal's costs, then the side of noodle's cost, then he pointed out that he took off the cost of the noodle side, saying "Because I'm just a nice guy". Listen, when someone -- especially a waiter -- tells me that he's a nice guy because he's doing something that just basic customer service, you know they are just another jerk. Then he goes on to say, again, "if I had told any of this to my manager, he would have charged you for that side. But, I'm saving you the trouble. I'm just nice like that."The funny thing is, as I was paying the bill, my mom was outside smoking with the manager, and she said he was really nice. There's no way he would have charged me for that little side when I barely touched my meal.The only time our waiter was truly nice to use was right before we left, when he saw me taking photos of the canvases of old Vegas, and he offered to take a couple of pictures of me & my mom. And when he brought my free t-shirt out, he brought several sizes so I could compare. That was the nicest he was the entire time we were there.I would go there again, for the limo ride and the atmosphere -- but not the food -- I'd go there for drinks and dessert, and watch my friends or family enjoy their meal, then I'd grab a bite at my hotel afterwards...
4	The Mrs & I were lost looking for the Sam Boyd Stadium(Supercross)& ended up by the UNLV main Campus.....Duh...Hungry,rolled by this place ,clicked on my Yelp app & saw a lot of good reviews,so we pulled in.Just as decribed,an old school mobster hang out.My rib eye steak,suggested by our waiter Tony(figures),was cooked & seasoned spot on.The Mrs had the Chicken Floretine,also excellent.Served with sauteed veggies,twice baked potatoes all good.They serve fresh made French bread,with a garlic butter,that I had to stop myself from eating the whole basket.Soooo good.Appears to be a local hangout,as we were at the retiree dining time of 4:30 & were the only couple ,other then the bar flys ,chatting up the staff.An intersting alternative to the masses on the strip...I will be back...
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE IT  if it's not right they will make it right and probably give you a free t-shirt too! I worked their AMAZING SUPERBOWL party this year. (not at the tiny resturant) and that too was awesome!!!a place to laugh enjoy old school Vegas and some lounge style dinner music
4	The reviews on YELP had me most interested in trying this place when I was in Vegas during my vacation last week.  Everything you read on here is true...it is truly a good place to eat.  The service and food were great!  We even each got a drink for free just for checking in on foursquare.  I had the stuffed pork chopped which were really good, just too much to eat and my wife had the chicken angelo which she also really enjoyed.  We had a restaurant.com certificate that kept our bill under $60 for the meal.  Our waitress, host and gentleman who was singing on stage were all super friendly and superb at their jobs.  The only reason for leaving off one star was the seating was a bit uncomfortable and we both found the lack of lighting to be somewhat awkward.  These are just little concerns for a great meal though.
2	Good food, terrible service.  Went for our anniversary.  First visit to the restaurant, and learned about it from restaurant.com.  As soon as we presented our restaurant.com voucher, service went downhill.  The food was good, and the entertainment good, and the manager/owner apologized for the poor service.  We will not be back though.  Service means everything to us when dining out, especially for a special occasion.  This one just left a bad impression.
4	I spent my birthday in Vegas and wanted Italian food. My friends suggested this place and I'm glad they did. It reminded me of almost every "real" italian restaurant I ever ate at growing up in Jersey.  The decor is dark and the aroma from the kitchen is wonderful.  I started off with Shrimp Cocktail with this amazing cocktail sauce that had a large clump of horseradish in the middle.....mmmm..mmmm..good. My sinus were cleared immediately. The Ceasar Salad was good. I could taste the anchovy's in the dressing. The entree was Veal Marsala. This was to die for.  Thin slices of perfectly cooked veal in this mushroom gravy.  I didn't leave anything on my plate.The next visit to Vegas, I will be having Italian at this place. Don't let me forget to give "props" to the lounge singer, George.  He sounded alot like ole' Blue Eyes himself.
4	Excellent as always!  Had the 1/2 off bottle of wine on Sundays, followed by thebaked clams and stuffed pork chops.  Also always get a side order of meatballs to split for an appetizer.  The service is terrific and the live music creates the perfect evening!
5	This is my most favorite restaurant here in Las Vegas. I love the ambiance and love the food! Staff is pretty good gets really crowded at night so I suggest making reservations.. I suggest stating with the Bruschetta and the caprice.. really delicious! And for the entree i would order their version of a spinach tortillini or their chicken parmesian.. their pizza arent bad either all very good. prices, may be a little pricey but well worth it.. They also have a live band in the evening you may want to call them and ask. I highly sugget this place if you want to relax and enjoy an italian style ambiance with good food. only downside is it is located in the horrible neighborhood just make sure you park your car in a well lighted area..
5	This is a great little place with a lot of atmosphere.  My wife brought me here for my Birthday on Monday night.  I must say that the other reviews are very accurate as to what you should expect.  It is a nice little place with live music. The food and service was very good!!  As a bonus the bottles of wine are 1/2 price on Sunday and Monday nights.  You need to ask because that is not advertised.  We had  an appetizer, two meals, and a bottle of wine for $80.00.  I would highly recommend this for a special occasion.
4	Late night hole in the wall find for us. We met up with some people here around 2 in the morning. Friendly crew there, mixed bag of patrons which was cool Met some nice people there.Ordered the meatballs (didn't try them but those who did, raved) I had a chicken breast and green pepper pizza and it was damn good. Thin crust, just the right amount of sauce and not over cheesy and greasy. Good stuff!
5	Love this place!!!Super tasty fresh meals.Friendly service and great old school Las Vegas: music and decor.Classy but not overdone!!!
4	old school Vegas at its best! everything was great especially the service.
5	I am a vegas local born an raised and I was driving by this place a few years back.  Their are a few other Italian restaurants in town that have gotten rave reviews but as far as I am concerned, this is one of if not the best places for Italian food in Las Vegas.  The food is always cooked fresh and is very good.  They also bake their own bread.    I almost always sit at the bar in the back and gamble and drink.  Service at the bar, or if you decide to dine in, is always phenominal.  Keep in mind it is a small dining area and bar, however, it is well worth the wait.  I honestly have no bad reviews on anything.  Food, service, gaming, etc.    I will be trying a few places around town to compare and will write a follow up about a week or two from now.  If you are from out of town I would highly suggest this place for your Italian fix.
4	What can I say? Casa di Amore delivers the goods. We had no reservation, but our table of three was quickly seated for an early dinner. This is an old school joint with large red booths where vintage Vegas posters and photos of Sinatra dress the walls. Warm bread got us started, an order of calamari ($13) followed. I love calamari when it's done right. When it's bad, it's BAD. There's nothing worse than deep fried rubber bands. No need to worry here, this calamari was tender and lightly breaded. The marinara sauce on the side was fantastic - well seasoned, not too acidic. I rarely find this to be the case. Needless to say, we devoured it so quickly I never snapped a photo. Moving on to entrees, we ordered two orders of Eggplant di Amore ($24). And the house specialty, Osso Buco ($35). I couldn't tell you which is better. They are wildly different, but equally delicious.  Eggplant di Amore has slices of eggplant layered  like lasagna with ricotta cheese, mushrooms, spinach and sundried tomatoes. It is served with a side of spaghetti.Osso Buco is classic Italian. They roast the veal shank to perfection, it falls off the bone. It's served with what I believe is an aged sharp cheddar risotto. It is unexpected and mighty scrumptious.I was much too full for dessert, but a canoli and tiramisu were ordered. The canoli is filled to order so the shell remains crisp and the filling is rich and not overly sweet. It was a surprise to learn a free T-shirt comes with any canoli order. Service was steady and pleasant throughout. Not a single complaint could be made. Casa di Amore is a winner.
5	Casa Di Amore' is  a very traditional NY-like Italian restaurant with a Las Vegas twist. There's a lounge singer crooning Sinatra ( primarily) tunes all evening. George Bugatti is amazing. I heard this guy open for Don Rickles a few years back and was blown away. If you closed your eyes you'd think Frank was in the room singing. The food is excellent. The service is over the top. The crowd is neat as its a good mix of locals with tourists.  Our table's top dishes- Osso Bucco and Veal Parm.
2	Went there on our last night had a coupon from rest.com. the service was slow when we did get our wine it really had to be one of the worst glasses I have had in a long time. Had the antipasto for started and it was very good. I had the stuffed pork chop (half) order it was really nothing to speak of the twice baked potato I think was frozen at one point and just reheated with Jared roasted peppers. My wife had the pasta with ham in a cream sauce that was over loaded with salt. Fresh bread was good, the live music was maybe the highlight but not worth the trip. It may have the old school feel but with so many other choices in town save your time.
4	I had heard such positive things about this place, so I had to check it out. Let me just say that it was very good! The food was delicious and the wine our server recommended was perfect. The service and the ambience was even better than I expected. It's such a charming place! I would highly recommend going here for a nice Italian dinner.
4	You cant turn down a free limo ride! I went here for my birthday, and everything was excellent. Service was top notch, great food, and live music. I would highly recommend eating here.
5	Awesome food, waiters and atmosphere!  Will return on next trip!
5	When planning our most recent trip into Vegas, the girlfriend and I decided we wanted to get away from the Strip and do something different, and Casa di Amore seemed to fit the bill. I made reservations with their complimentary limo service a little over two weeks in advance, just to be safe, but I think you could get away with reserving it the week of your visit. Our driver arrived promptly and was very friendly on the short trip to and from the hotel. Upon arrival at the restaurant, we were seated promptly and treated to exceptional service from our waiter, Stephen. He was very professional and extremely helpful, but also very personable and friendly -- he earned one or two stars on his own. (I had no idea about the pint chug challenge at the Aria, but thanks to Stephen, I'll be trying that on my next Vegas trip.)The food was nothing short of delicious. I ordered the Chicken Caprese at Stephen's suggestion and my girlfriend ordered the house specialty, the Osso Bucco. Both dishes were tender, flavorful, and came in very large servings. Neither of us had room for dessert, though there were many tempting options on the menu. (It was challenging enough finishing our bottle of wine after all that food.)Great ambiance. The live music was entertaining, the decor hearkened back to old school Vegas, and every staff member we encountered was wonderful. Could not have asked for anything more in this area.One more note: while this place gets the $$$ by Yelp standards (upwards of $30 per person), it's fairly priced for a delicious Italian meal in a very fun environment.  Throw in the free limousine service, the discounts on wine bottles on Sun/Mon, and the exceptional waitstaff and it's unlikely that you'll be disappointed in your dining experience.We'll definitely be bringing friends back with us on our next weekend in Vegas.
5	After reading all the great reviews, I took my husband here for our first anniversary. We had an amazing time. The food was great!!! We had the chocolate truffle for dessert and it was one of the best things I've ever tasted!!!The atmosphere was the best part. I would recommend this place for sure!!
4	Seamless limo pick up with really hospitable driver Dick whisked us away from our hotel right to the doorstep of Casa di Amour. Make sure you set this up with your reservation. Well paced out meal, great piano man and excellent food. I'm from New York and really this food was comparable to New York City quality Italian. Had the eggplant parm, Caesar salad and my wife had Lobster ravioli. Recommend the house of love to anybody.
5	Excellent food great service old school Vegas all the way. Will be coming here religiously. Our server Bead made our night excellent.
5	I never have a bad experience here and I think that is more because of the amazing service than the amazing food. My girlfriend and a friend of ours stopped in here on Saturday night after a long day of baby shower planning/shopping. We didn't even realize it was Saturday night at prime time (6:00 p.m.) until we walked inside and the place was PACKED. There was a wedding reception being held as well as regular dining reservations. We didn't have a reservation, but the manager came over and said, "You can have this booth but you guys have to be done by 7:30, and that should give you plenty of time. Does that work?"OF COURSE IT WORKS. We got the garlic bread loaf (heavenly) and I got a Caesar Salad to start. Yum! I love their dressing!!!!! I ordered the special for the evening - Lobster ravioli (tossed in Vodka sauce) and it was perfect. It came with NINE HUGE ravioli stuffed to the brim with deliciously fresh lobster meat. The sauce tasted great too, and I know my vodka sauce - trust me! ;)My gf got the chicken parm and she almost finished the whole thing. That's how you know something is good! I had a few bites and really liked that the chicken was moist but not too thick! Our friend got the fettuccine alfredo with chicken and she barely even looked up from her plate before she finished eating. So, I'm assuming it was perfect. Overall, I give the food a 4.5 (it's not THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD IN THE WORLD but it is VERY GOOD) but the service gets a 5++++ star rating. Brad, our server, was on his toes all night. He had recommendations, explained the menu, was friendly, never let any of our drinks get even close to empty, and had things taken care of before we even needed to ask. Thanks, Brad. I like that this place is away from the strip and I really love how dark it is inside. There's usually live music in the form of a 50's era style crooner and the decorations are flawless. Stone brick wall - PERFECTION. Check it out!!
5	Fantastic experience, great ambiance, and top tier service. My friends were in town for our one year college reunion, so we took advantage of the free limo ride to the restaurant. You can't really beat that. The food an atmosphere are excellent. There was a live musician ready and willing to take requests. It's a little on the noisy side, but not bad at all. Although the food is fantastic, what really made this place excel was the service. Our waiter never missed a beat. He was funny, informative, told us the history of the restaurant, and made sure our wine glasses were never empty. Highly recommended. It was very busy on Saturday night, so I would suggest making reservations.
5	Half locals, half tourists, this place perfectly captures a 1960's New Jersey Italian restaurant. It's that red sauce Italian all the way, but damn good. The atmosphere is perfect off-strip Vegas: it simulates some other time & place, but does it so authentically that you'd almost think that this is what a Northeast Corridor Italian restaurant is still like. Which is to say: the locals nay not even fully realize how impossible it is to find a joint like this in the rest of the US anymore. Mostly, it's the most enjoyable restaurant experience I've ever had in Las Vegas.
5	Fantastic food. Simple solid classic menu. Great service from a staff that wants you to enjoy yourself. Lots of locals eat here. Limo service to Strip hotels is a great touch.., love this place, we come here whenever we get to Vegas!
5	We went late on Sunday night and the place was packed and we didn't have reservations. Didn't think we'd need any at that time. However, they were able to seat the 2 of us right away at one of only 2 tables available. The food was phenomenal and the staff was very friendly. Our waiter, Tony, was very personable and attentive. My wife needed to custom order her dish and they gladly accommodated her needs. It can get a bit expensive if you order an appetizer, dessert and a lobster dish. Our dinner for two, even after using a $25 gift cert from restaurant.com was $98 including tip. If you order a canoli or creme brulee, you get a free souvenir t-shirt.
5	Great food, but a little pricey.
5	Old world Italian with good service, great good & charming entertainment. Been there twice with big groups & Casa di Amore did not disappoint! Take the drive away from the strip to get here--you'll be glad you did!
5	We had a great server and the food was delicious!
4	Wow, the staff at this restaurant ROCKS, they are some of the best I have ever seen, everyone has a smile on their face and is such a pleasure.  The food is very good, the place is loud, talking is very hard,  They have some great live music, so just be prepared to have some good food and very little conversation.  The only disappointment was the 'Fabulous Garlic Loaf', man, my mother could kick the crap out of that.  I was expecting this great Italian bread loaded with garlic and butter and baked to perfection, what I got was a hot loaf of bread and some garlic butter...really, for $5?  You guys should re-think this.  But, the place is always full and the food is good and the staff is AWESOME!  I will be back.
4	Great place nostalgic of old Vegas.  I should say the pasta much more tasty than the steak.  Great veal parmigiana .  Free limo..what else can I say?
3	We chose this restaurant based on a restaurant.com certificate we had and read all the terrific reviews.  The food (dinner AND dessert) and the prices didn't put me over the moon, but the service and ambiance were awesome!  Old style Vegas with live music (we were there too early to enjoy the live entertainment; it started shortly before we left).  Our reservation was for 5pm and we walked up to the door to find it locked at 4:55pm.  They should open a little bit earlier for their first reservations.  We would have enjoyed a drink before going to our table.  Everyone raves about the free limo ride, which we passed up because we live in Henderson.  Overall it was a nice experience, but one that I'll only have once as a local.
5	The only Italian place we eat at in Las Vegas. Food and service is amazing!
4	A trip back into Las Vegas history. Wonderful food, great music and a fun teeshirt that comes with the dessert.
4	This place is awesome for a date night! ;)  I stumbled across a review for Casa di Amore reviewed by another yelper Karlie G-and decided to try Casa. I had a wickedly wonderful female coming to visit me from LA that I adore visiting me last weekend, and wanted a place to take her that was romantic and cozy-and not on the strip. Checked  the website after reading the review-free complimentary limo ride if you have a reservation for dinner?!?! Yes PLEASE! Called the number on the website (you can't get the limo through normal website reservations) with the only requirement being you have have to be picked up from a hotel. Perrrfect!  I could drink with my date!The person I talked to-Phil, Paul? I can't remember was super cool, had a pleasant demeanor, had me scheduled in no time flat to be picked up from palace station 15 mins before our reservation, thanked me for choosing casa and even put in a request in my request for a booth. Our limo driver Byron picked us up right on time He introduced himself, was pleasant, opened our doors for we were on our way! Arrived around 7 at Casa Di Amore, and was wondering what to do with my wine glasses and my other bottle of wine we hadn't finished. Byron took anything I didn't want to carry and put it in his trunk and we proceeded right inside-carrying our wine glasses from earlier straight in with us. Greeted by a super cute, and courteous door girl, I didn't catch her name she was keeping the circus in check around her and doing a great job. She smiled as soon as we came in, and I think she even knew my name as soon as I walked in even though I had never been there before based on the time I walked in and my party size! Nice! What a pro! Walk in and the atmosphere blew me away!The place is not huge by any means, but it just big enough to have an organzied chaos and frenzy of laughter, the smell of italian food, servers zipping about-the kind of place that makes you feel cozy and warm. Our seats were not ready yet, so they politely asked us to wait in the lounge area near the bar and Byron took led us to the back. We were still drinking our wine, not a thing said by anyone carrying in our own wine glass-double Nice!A really good lounge singer was belting out some classics and originals and a keyboard player was right in sync with him-he was working hard for the money on the intimate little stage right in the middle of the place. It was just the right loudness to fill the room, without drowning out the conversations people were having. We sat for 10-15 minutes, I lost track due to the wine and a little buzzed, but the atmosphere was so enjoyable we didn't even notice. .A few minutes later we were seated. Our server showed up right away with water's with lemons in them nice and chilly. We got a HUGE 6-8 person booth I requested for the just the two of us-even though the place was packed on a Saturday night-Kudos Casa!Our server, who was a really nice blonde, asked us about appetizers, but we skipped that figuring we'd get bread and I had read the portions were large. I ordered the Lobster Ravioli without looking as the rest of the menu, my date ordered the triple cheese pasta and we ordered a bottle of Cabernet. Everything on the menu was priced reasonably as were the bottles of wine. I'm almost out tryping room, so I'll wrap it up.  I agree with Karlie G-The food was an excellent 4 stars-but the service was 5! -the ambiance a& atmosphere-outstanding. I'd tell you more about the night... but we finished the second bottle...and its a lil fuzzy-aint gonna lie. Never ending Bread basket, 2 Caeser Salads and 2 Entrees and a bottle of wine with tip about $100-not too shabby at all- Everything else melted away staring into the eyes of my companion...and it's the perfect place to do so- Ill be back for sure. ; ) Thanks Casa!
3	Came here with a group because they provide free limo service from the casino resorts.  Go back in time with old fashioned homestyle red sauce Italian cuisine in huge portions, with a crooner singing Frank Sinatra songs on a PA system, and pictures of the 1960's strip as atmosphere. This is not modern Italian cuisine. However, prices are not 1960's.  $11 for one small canole - but, as the waited points out, you get a free T-shirt with a quote from the Godfather on the back (even if you don't want it). I thought the prices were way too high for the mediocre quality. There are better Italian restaurants in LV - even ones of this type (like Bootleg Bistro).
4	Went here this past Thursday night around 10pm. Reserved the limo to pick us up from the Strip. He was early and it was perfect because we were hungry, free limo ride was awesome.  The place is cute, decor was inviting and i liked the setup. Four of us came her to check out the place (first timer's) was thinking of maybe booking it for a dinner reception after our wedding next year. We all shared two entree's (cus it was pretty late to be eating Italian food) and two side salads and bread. The lasagna was really yummy, we ordered some chicken dish i cant remember the name but none of us cared for it the chicken was a little dry, but the pasta it was served with was good.  The entertainment was alright not as exiting as all the other yelp'ers made it come across. Maybe we came too late?? Anyways we will be back, but i don't think we will be booking our dinner reception here afterall, only because it is away from the Strip and i think i would prefer more of a banquet hall facility.
4	This is a must go place in Las Vegas for a great traditional Italian meal.  I just love that this place brings you the memories of Vegas in the 1950's.   I got the veal parmesan which comes with a side of pasta and consisted of 4 pieces of veal and almost too much for me to eat.  I had to take a break half way through the meal to rest before I could complete the meal.  The waiter was wonderful and personable; a joy to be served and gave great suggestions tailored to our tastes.  Along with the meal you get live music singing Sinatra songs and such from that era.  When we got close to the end of our meal we asked to call for a cab and he arranged for us to be driven back in there limo.  Really nice touch.
4	Hit this for a friends birthday. I was impressed with the food and the atmosphere is classic vegas. A lounge band and singer really get the place moving and it is something that really feel like an old school experience. Food was good. No complaints form our party and everyone was pretty satisfied. I would recommend for family style itialian with a Vegas lounge feel. Probably best for parties and large groups as the accomodation just feel that way. Also, have a limo service that will pick you up form the strip areas and drop you off. A nice feature for parties.
4	Had Christmas Eve dinner at Casa di Amore and while things started a little rough, it ended up being a very good experience.As for the starting out rough, I had a reservation and still had to wait about 20 minutes past my reservation time. I wasn't thrilled about that. Nor was I thrilled with the noise level. When I say it was loud, I mean it was LOUD! This is an old school restaurant in an even older building. The walls are solid brick and while that adds character, there is literally nothing to absorb any sound. The space is small and they cram a lot of people inside and all their talking just bounces back at you. Add to that a talented singer/keyboard player and you get one very loud restaurant. I would actually venture to say it was the loudest restaurant I have ever been in.From here on though everything gets better. For an appetizer we ordered the twice wrapped prawns which were incredible. Shrimp wrapped with prosciutto and cheese and then baked in dough, served with a sweet sauce that complimented everything nicely. I loved them and will definitely get them again. We also ordered the "famous garlic loaf" which was so good after we finished it we had to order another!After a nice house salad I received my entree of Chicken Marsala. Two good sized pieces of chicken sauteed with mushrooms and a Marsala wine sauce that was as good as I have ever had. It came with a side of pasta. I upgraded the regular marinara sauce to meat sauce and was glad I did.For dessert if you order a canoli or creme brulee you get a free t-shirt. I wanted the t-shirt but I wanted the tiramisu more, and it was an excellent choice.The service was good, but not exceptional. Most of the waiters do look like they have worked there forever and ours was very knowledgeable about the menu. The host was very nice even though it did take longer than I would liked to get my table.Overall it was a very good experience. Because of the noise level I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic date unless you really don't want to be able to hear your date very well. We've all had those dates, right?I do recommend Casa di Amore though and will definitely be back.
5	Thank you Yelpers once again for leading us to another great restaurant based on reviews herein.  We had the distinct pleasure of dining at this hidden gem recently.  We had not planned nor did we have reservations to dine, yet, we were cheerfully greeted by a true gentleman, who did not condescend, but, asked us to "please" wait in their lounge.  We did as bid, and "won" our part of our dinner check at the video games in the lounge.  How much better can it get?  Much, much, better!!!  Once our attention was drawn to the actual restaurant, we discovered wonderful photos, melodious melodies by famous crooners, ie., ole Blue Eyes.  Wine selection: excellent, ceasar salad: excellent, chicken marsala;delicious, Sad, but, okay: pork chop ala Italiano: tough.  Service: more than excellent.  For a dining treat in between losing $, GO, feel, and fall in love all over again with a great and genuine restaurant.  Bravo Casa di Amore.
5	Been wanting to try this place for quite awhile and finally got the chance while my parents were visiting for the holidays.  Everything about our experience was incredible...starting and ending with our awesome waiter, Brad.  He took care of us from the moment we sat down and at every step along the way....we will definitely be requesting him for our [many] future visits.  Everyone at the table enjoyed all items that were ordered, starting with a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc, followed by an appetizer of mushrooms and followed by 4 very different meals; ranging from eggplant to salmon to chicken to veal.  The portions were huge but our take home containers were surprisingly light.  Whether you are a local or a visitor, you won't be sorry with a visit to Casa Di Amore!
2	I came here with my friend one night before we went to a show on the strip. It was ok, but nothing to write home about (just yelp about!). We started off with the bruschetta, and it was probably one of the best that I've ever had. It's not super hard to make this, but it was still delicious. For the main course I got the osso bucco which is supposed to be a favorite, but I wasn't thrilled. The risotto was overcooked and didn't have any flavor. Even adding salt did nothing for it. The meat wasn't even as tender as I've had before. The tomato sauce was good, but then again, it's tomato sauce. If you're messing that up, then you should be making Italian food. My friend got the eggplant parmesan, and she really enjoyed it. Again, she said it wasn't the best, but not bad either. The dessert was weird. We got the dream bomba, which was SUPPOSED to be peanut butter ice cream, with a caramel center. Well, there was no caramel center, so we just ended up with peanut butter ice cream. Again, it was fine, but it wasn't as described, and it was just ice cream, nothing special. I wouldn't come back here, and I probably would recommend this to a friend. I can think of 5 other Italian restaurants I'd rather spend my money at.
5	The perfect resteraunt!  From the service to the food, this place is top notch!  The best Italian resteraunt I have been to in Vegas hands down!
4	Service was excellent once we saw our waitress and told her we had a show to get to.  My daughter had the shrimp scampi, and I had a perfectly cooked New York steak.
4	Went there on superbowl weekend..loved it definitely a regular place to visit when I go to vegas again. And the free limo ride was a huge brownie point winner.
5	Valentines Day Hideaway....I almost hesitate writing this review because my husband and I consider this our secret  rendezvous. Some things just have to be yelped about and this restaurant definitely qualifies.  From the appetizer (BAKED CLAMS ARREGANATA $14.00 my favorite),The Salads( Caesar 3.00w/entree- is our Favorite),GARLIC LOAF $5.00 (Must Try This)VEAL DI AMORE $29.00 (My husbands doesn't sway)Tender pieces of veal, pounded thin, sauteed with mushrooms and peas in a creamy veal flavored sauce over capellini.(my husband substituted the pasta for GNOCCHI for 5.00+) FRUTTI DI MARE $28.00(My NEW fav. I try something different everytime, but I might not anymore!) variety of seafoods including shrimp, scallops,muscles,clams and calamari in choice of red or white sauce traditionally served over linguini.(Substituted the pasta for GNOCCHI for 5.00+) We didn't order dessert but if you do you also get a FREE Casa di Amore t-shirt (with specific desserts)They also offer FREE limo-rides. Might have to take them up on this offer soon. PLUS amazing entertainment (Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin our Favorties!) and top notch service will keep us coming back. DON'T FORGET THEY TAKE RESERVATIONS that are required on special occasions.
4	Good garlic bread and lobster
5	It is one of the best Italian Resturaunts I have ever eaten at across the US.  Very friendly staff.  You make reservations and they will even pick you up at your hotel and take you back.  The price is very reasonable especially for the ambiance and for Las Vegas.  It makes you think of Vegas of Old.  Very charming and had a wonderful time.  I will go back any chance I get.
5	Went here the other night with three others after finding it on Yelp, we all loved it!  We were picked up by the free limo service, on time, and taken to the restaurant.  Great vibe and energy in the restaurant, and the chicken parmasean was one of the best I've ever had.  This place is so much better than just about all of the overpriced places on the strip.  Some of them are worth it, but if you're in town for a weekend, I'd definitely mix in this old school place one of the nights.  Only thing I didn't really care for was the canole; the creme brule was amazing though.
4	Italian food is VERY easy to mess up..I.E : olive garden..a place where the last thing you taste is something from Italy.Lots of pseudo places, wanna be homemade spots try to mimic a great Italian flavor but fail tremendously. That is why I am so glad Casa di amore is still aroundThe ambiance of the place is great. The tables, the little stage with life performance, the bar and the service reminds me of NYC or san Francisco. Lightinig is very soft making the experience a mix between romantic and sexy.The food is great as well!. The bruchettas are fresh and tasty and the consistencyof the calamari was great. The antipasto portion is pretty big and presentation is great as well. FYI, their bread and butter is AMAZING..just be carefull you end up like me and eat too much of it .The entrees were as impressive as the appetizer. My lasagna tasted like homemade, and my friends white sauce seafood pasta was good. We noted that the noodles were a little on the plain side, but the sauces and seafood were able to share some of its flavor with itSome days this place has some specials on wines . Be sure to ask your server about those before ordering. You might be able to save some money.If you still have room for desert. Try the Tiramisu or caneloni. Freshly made and packed with flavor.Hasta la pasta!
4	Very very good food. A lot to choose from. Normally you could split an entree.The baked clams our huge and very very tasty. We usually get the porkchops vinnegar and peppers. Best ive had to date. Its served with freshly made  bread and i believe a side salad. Top five italian food in las vegas. Its a little pricy but they do offer limo service for tourists on the strip of parties of 5 or more i believe.
4	My husband and our friends were headed to Vegas with some friends to celebrate our 15th anniversary. We wanted to try something authentic and off the strip and I looked at Yelp and found this place.  Since I had never been in a limo I was quite excited that they provide free limo service to and from their restaurant.We were picked up promptly at 6 at the MGM for our reservation at 6:15.  We were sat immediately and greeted by a very pleasant server (Lynn?) She was very attentive at first but as the restaurant filled up we saw her less and less and seemed like were an annoyance when we asked for something.  Drinks were very good, so was the bread. My gnocchi pancetta was TOOOO good.  Amazing really. I have had a lot of gnocchi and this was obviously made fresh.  Husband had fettucine and said "meh".Couple with us had lobster ravioli, he said the sauce overpowered the lobster but that it was still good. They also had steak and it was the best steak i have ever tasted. It actually melted in your mouth. Thankfully it was big enough for her to share :)We had canole and creme brule for desert.  I have had much better creme brule.  I wasnt impressed.  The canole was pretty tasty tho.The ambiance is really great. It has the feel of old 50' s mobster style Vegas. Red paint and bricks. Just cool. The live band was awesome and really set the tone singing Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra.So where does the star fall off of a 5 star rating?  When we went to pay the bill I had a restaurant.com gift certificate (which by the way is a rip - dont use them....lots of hidden fees and rules - pain in the butt).  I gave it tand my credit card for the remaining balance to the server and she disappeared. She brought back a receipt and our friends bill which they paid.  I was confused that I didnt have a receipt for my credit card and tracked her down because she was not coming back to our table. I asked if the bill was settled and she said it was and said goodbye.  The limo driver then drove us to the strip. Half way there we were basking in the great meal and mood of being in a limo and satiated.  When the phone rang. I could hear the limo driver talking about an unpaid bill.  He asked me if  we had paid and I assured him that we had.  He argued with someone on the phone and then handed me his cell phone.  The guy on the other end asked if we had paid and I told him what had happened and said the server confirmed we had paid.  He said for some reason she didnt run our card and therefore I gave him the card info again over the phone.I did not appreciate the insinuation that we were dining and dashing, especially since we were obviously taking THEIR limo back to the strip.  WTH?  I also didnt appreciate the server not taking responsibility for her mistake and then putting the issue on us while we were trying to enjoy our limo ride back to the strip. I spent 5 of the 10 minutes on the phone with the staff working out payment.I think they need more servers because our server was fantastic and then when it got busy we barely saw her and this mistake occurred, surely because she was busy.  Still obnoxious.All told, we would go back but I really was pissed about the payment issue.
4	This place was SUPER SUPER cute. It is a really authentic mob looking italian place. The food was prompt the service was good. There was a piano guy who was playing requests the whole time we were there. Only downside was that every time the waiter came up to me I totally felt like I was in his way because he was refilling my drink or removing my plate. He even moved my plate away from me when I was mid putting food on my fork!!!!!!!But besides the overeager waiter the food was AMAZING!!!!!! The chicken parm was to die for and the bruchetta (Is that how you spell it?) was heavenly!!!
4	Casa di Amore feels homie and comforting and that goes for both the decor and the food. I read that this was one of the best Italian restaurants in Las Vegas so we came here under that impression. Having the bar set as high as it can be, the men in my party ordered the chicken and veal parmesan while us girls asked for an antipasto salad, salmon and bruschetta. My date who's half Italian approved the chicken parm with penne pasta! I tried this dish as well and I thought the chicken was moist and tender; the pasta sauce was delicious - over all a great dish! My antipasto salad was good but a bit too acidic for my taste. Instead, I ate some of he bruschetta and I really enjoyed those. It can get really loud in here once the live music starts so if you want to eat and talk, perhaps you should show up before 6:30 pm.
5	Hey Now!This place is really old school Vegas.. The Mafia looking owner greets you at the door, great nightly entertainment. Food is genuine Italian. Service is outstanding. They even have a stretch limo valet both ways for just a tip!We make sure to stop in every trip. Members of R.com, and they have a coupon in this year's LVA MRB..
5	Hands down best Alfredo I've ever had in my life, no joke! Ambience was great too, tables are kind if close but has very homey feel and live band was good, tool any request. Is my go-to spot for romantic dinner next time I'm in Vegas!
2	So I just left this place and I must say for starters I wasn't impressed at all. I usually don't go off the previous negative reviews but in this case I should've listened. Upon arrival we were greeted promptly which was a plus and seated right away! So far so good right? Even our waiter was very professional and customer friendly! So let's get to the food. Ordered the chicken Parmagina and Lobster ravioli dish(tonight's special) I wasn't impressed with my food by far and neither was my friend with his dish. I really have had much better Italian at places like Buca Di Peppo and Lavo inside the Palazzo has the best Italian dishes and service hands down! If it wasn't for the good service I may have rated lower but for those of you wondering about the limo? It's a JOKE! An old style limo with a driver in a cheap suit! Please.. Will not be retiring good thing open table awarded 1,000 dining points tonight :-/
5	The perfect date night place, hands down!The atmosphere is beautiful and everyone is very friendly. Our server Tony was awesome. I had the Fettucine Alla Pappasito. It was perfect, just perfect! The Caesar salad was the best I've ever had. Their wine selection left a little to be desired, but other than that, this place is great. The live entertainment was a perfect compliment to our meal.  I cant get over what a wonderful experience this place was. I'll definitely be back!
5	This is the second time that I have been to this restaurant and it was a great experience both times. I love the fact that they send a limo to pick you up at your hotel which is a big help if you do not have a rental car. You have to set it up in advance, but it is worth it since all you do is tip limo driver and saves you from paying cab both ways. I definitely recommend doing this. Upon arriving at the restaurant, we were shown promptly to our seats.We went on Monday night which is 1/2 price bottles of wine. We chose a Risota Muscat d' Asti which was a great wine. We decided to try the garlic loaf on this visit as appetizer and it was great. Good Italian bread with rich buttery garlic sauce and melted cheese. Very tasty and something I would get again. The wife and I both added a Caesar salad to our entree which is only a $3 addition. What a steal. They make a very good Caesar here and you must get it when you dine. For entree I chose the linguine and clams with red sauce and my wife had the eggplant Parmesan. Both were really good and generous portions. For dessert we shared a creme brulee and it was pretty good. Nothing terrific, but tasty. Good thing is you get a free T-Shirt when you order a creme brulee or cannoli for dessert. Service here is top notch. Waiters are very courteous and come by often to check on you. They pour the wine and fill you glass as needed. This is an old school place that is classy. There is a lounge singer and saxophone player there that provide entertainment while you dine. The place looks and feels like an old classy location.We love coming here and it will probably be on our list to visit every time we come to town. If you are able to come and check it out, you will not be disappointed.
5	Someone pinch me because this was the BEST italian food I have ever had! Such an old school place and I can't believe how  many times I drove by it and never stopped in. It looks unsuspecting on the outside but goodness...the food is to die for! The marinara sauce is the stuff dreams are made of and the Eggplant di Amore? OH LAWD! I've gone to this place twice already and I will definitely be going again in the future.  Oh...and make sure you try the garlic loaf. AMAZEBALLS!
5	Can't say enough about this place.  Had dinner here on 5/11/13, and it was wonderful. Try the Cioppino, it is Excellent.
5	Old school Vegas at it's best.  This place is arguably the best Italian food in town.  I had the Eggplant de Amore with a side of meatballs.  Both were perfectly cooked and incredible.  It's a bit pricey, but well worth it for a special night out.
5	This Was A Great Restaurant It Looked Elegant And It Had Live Music Came Here To Celebrate My 6 Month Anniversary With My Girl And We Loved It. The Waiter We Got Was Really Nice With Us Ad Helped Us Pick Out What To Eat.
4	Geez I so want to give these guys 5 stars but I just can't. Regardless of short comings, I do highly recommend this place. It pays homage to old Vegas in a very special way which makes it worth it. On the bad side, our limo to the restaurant had no AC, our waiter forgot about us after our entree was served and it was quite expensive for what it was BUT, the 2 man band made it totally worth while.
2	Pros:Good and friendly serviceFree limo (I doubt otherwise the place would be popular - quite far from The Strip)Nice, home-like atmosphereCons:Food. Poor presentation, very average taste, absolutely nothing memorable.
5	This is my favorite restaurant I've eaten at by far. The food is amazing and the decor and friendly people make it a great experience.
2	Great Entertainment, great bartender, strong drinks but the food is average and they should be ashamed of their prices. We've been here dozens of times over the years and they are so nice that we've never wrote a bad word but enough is enough. We went on Friday night and had the pretty damn good garlic loaf and a thin, kinda soggy pizza. Our friend picked up the check for driving him home so I don't know what it all coat. We returned the favor and took him back to Casa Di Amore on Sunday. We had:Two Jack and cokes, one small pepperoni pizza, and a slice of lasagna. IT WAS SIXTY DOLLARS! The lasagna was $24 with a small caesar salad! How do they sleep at night? The pizza was just okay but the lasagna wasn't good, It was small and had little to no meat... $21 ala cart, add $3 for a tiny caesar salad. What could be in there to constitute that price? This was JUST a slice! Maybe 5"x5". That leaves 11 more servings in a pan right? What's that $250.00 for a pan of lasagna??? This is the main reason we never eat Italian out and if we do, we'll just split a pizza.We will go back but only late night, order no food, have some over priced cocktails, watch the great entertainment. We do love the thick old Vegas vibe here.To be fair a lot of Italian joints like Bootleger Bistro and Capos are priced about as ridiculous. We don't often eat there either. If we are going to spend $21, it aint going to be on $1 worth of pasta, cheese and tomato sauce.
5	Molto bene!!!
5	Loved the music, the old memories of Vegas on the walls and the atmosphere.  The food was fantastic and the service was perfect.  We had four different plates at the table and each and every one was as good as it gets.  The portions were large enough that no one finished their plate.  We had no reservation and stopped by about 6 pm, they sat us immediately.
5	As others have written, this is Old School Las Vegas...and I loved every bit of it.  Our party had Brad as our waiter...this guy is great!  He's very sharp, upbeat, and funny.  We brought wine in and they took care of all of that perfectly.  We ordered a lot of food and wanted our dinner served slowly throughout the evening so as to enjoy the musical entertainment.  Everyone raved about their dishes, and the food made me feel like I was back in Brooklyn...a very good thing. I will definitely repeat.
5	Amazing restaurant. Amazing food. Amazing entertainment. Amazing ambiance. I would highly recommend anyone to visit casa di amore. It's so beautiful and intimate. Very old vegas
2	I really wanted to love this place. The atmosphere is cool, very old school vegas! The food wasn't very good. My husbands lasagna was dry and my chicken was over cooked. There are so many great Italian resturants in vegas in this price range so no need for me to ever return.
5	My sister, nieces and BFF took me here last saturday for my 50th, and what a wonderful evening it was!  First, a limo from the restaurant picks you up from wherever u are staying free of charge, how great is that! It is an older limo but has character and sure beats a dull cab ride any time!  We had just come from seeing Jersey Boys so this added to the theme of the evening. Now you have to reserve in advance for the limo and tip the driver but totally worth it. The restaurant is very old Vegas decor and you would expect  Sinatra to walk in any minute. So charming. And there are a few older gentlemen crooning live which adds  to the ambience. Our waiter Brad was very knowledgeable with our food selections and had a wonderful, playful personality. Everyone in our party ordered a different entree and all agreed the food was delicious.  Our limo was waiting promptly after we dined to take us back to our hotel. I  recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants delicious Italian cuisine and an unforgettable experience.
5	Great name and old style Italian restaurant. I have went there a couple of times and really enjoyed it, the atmosphere is nice. The service is very good and staff is friendly. There was live music which is a plus also. I would get a reservation depending on when you plan on going as the place is not very large and can get packed. Mange! Mange!
4	Old school Italian restaurant in Las Vegas off of the strip.  Think Rat Pack meets Elvis. Great good, wonderful service and 3 piece band keeps this place as a must do while visiting Las Vegas !!!
5	Brad was the best server ever! ****We are from SF California and were not expecting an exceptional server on a Thursday night in LAS VEGAS. He went above and beyond our expectations. Not only did he cater to our specific needs but maintained an upbeat spirit throughout the process. Thank you BRAD! You rocked!
5	The food was awesome!!! The decore is of "old Vegas"  aka frank Sinatra you can definitely see some of the rat pack ratting here!! I had the stuffed chops two 8oz delicious
5	Being going there for years when in town just there yesterday again, always consistently good.Bar - Good bartenders, make drinks well, video porker acceptable get a key so you spin.Wait Staff - Always professional, know the menu well good with recommendations food & wine.Food - Excellent.Entertainment/music - Nice.My opinion reasonably priced and cant go wrong having a meal here.
5	The is by far one of the best meals I have eaten in my life. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. Always the best service and the best food as well as great music. Make yourself happy and have dinner here.  We had 10 people in our party and we were treated like kings. The Oso-bucco is amazing, the drinks are great (and very creative) and the staff could not be better.
3	I wanted to give them 5 stars so badly!! The atmosphere is awesome. Small restaurant, old school Las Vegas. You can't beat it. The service is simply amazing!! The bartenders are super friendly and our server was top notch!But the food is overpriced and pretty average. There just wasn't anything special about any of the meals we ordered. For the price we were paying, we expected better. I've had tastier meals at Carabbas and Maggiano's (and paid a lot less). Like I said, the atmosphere and service is unbeatable. But I feel like they are taking advantage of tourists with their prices (and I live here).
5	We wanted a nice Italian restaurant off of the strip. What we got was nothing short of amazing. The food was some of the best I've ever had and I've had some high class stuff. If you go there I must inform you to save room for desert and to get the Exotic Bomba. It was by far the best desert I've ever had. Also there bread is to die for. Overall a nice cozy and comfortable environment along with amazing food and very nice servers. A+
5	Spent two weeks in Las Vegas last year for my honeymoon and finding this little spot at 1am is still one of the greatest highlights of the entire trip.  I let everyone know who tell me that they're going to vacation in Vegas that they MUST try this place!!!! Go now!!! Why are you still reading this?!?
1	We had a large party planned 4 mos in advance, they forgot we were coming, demanded we show  at 4pm, not enough  waiters, food not ready, very few of us ate the food  was so bad, over charged for cheap wine, then we had to be out by 6:15 for there next party, plus no music, sounds great doesn't it!
4	What a bizarre little restaurant. Friend and I were driving down Trop and craving Italian. Saw this place out of the corner of my eye and decided to swing in. Didn't have high hopes because of the name (seemed a little cheesy), but figured it was worth a shot. There is some sort of inner-dimensional time shifting porthole just outside the front door, because as soon as you step in the restaurant you transported to Brooklyn circa 1978. The place was packed, and I mean wall to wall. Grabbed a seat in the bar and just fell in "like" with the place. I can only describe the whole event as surreal. There was even a guy at the bar that looks like he was cast out of "Goodfellas." I still think he was paid by the restaurant to be there. Service was good, ambiance was outstanding, food was 4/5 stars. Had stuffed ravioli, the cheese was great, but pasta was not great. Salad was very good with a house made dressing. Also ordered spaghetti with Gypsy sauce. They will warn you that it is spicy. Let me warn you, IT IS SPICY. I had to dilute it with marinara. Very good though, and the meat balls were great. Would have given 5 stars but I thought it was a little pricey for both location and quality of food. Also, I am pretty sure my Johnny Walker Black was a Red. Might have been a mistake on the order from the noise of the festivities, but I got charged for a Black. I would go back, mostly for the ambiance and that Gypsy sauce. I recommend it, but stay away from drinks or your bill will be high, high, high. And make sure you stroll through the bar to see if they have the "Goodfellas" guy there, he made my night just by his presence alone.
2	I'm sorry , but the cheesiness of this place ruined my experience. Their only saving grace was that at least they say that their Italian-American cuisine. The old school Chicago Italian blah blah style is so overplayed that honestly nothing was exciting or new about it I.e., Italian American club, buca di beppos etc... I'm from milan, and the food was like olive gardens. Thank god I was invited otherwise I wouldn't step foot I'm the place. Fail.
5	We loved this place!  The atmosphere, service, food, and free limo were perfect. I highly recommend the basil Bloody Mary.
4	Just realized that for claiming not to be 'An Italian food Fan', I seem to eat at a lot of Italian places.  My friends like Italian.  We were out and about around Nov. 8th and saw this place as we drove by.  I remembered reading about it in one of our Vegas Weekly magazines.....so a quick "U-Turn", and we were at CASA DI AMORE. ATMOSPHERE: 4-STARS, Even tho this was Friday and we did not have reservations, the host did not make a big deal.  We waited at the bar for about 15 minutes or so and were seated. I liked the two-man band and old time songs. Just a nice casual little dark, dive- type place. Old Vegas.FOOD: 3-4- STARS, good basic Italian.  Not wonderful like LAVO, but 'go back, good'.SERVICE; 4-STARS, attentive and good.PRICES: 3 STARS,  Pretty much in line with regular Vegas prices. I will go back for a second try with my many Italian foodie friends.
5	Like going back in time.  This is The real Vegas Paul and Randy style!  The veal Marsala, cioppino, and antipasto were legit.  Loved everything about this restaurant.
5	This place is totally Vegas. Food is wonderful. The atmosphere is old Vegas. The complimentary limo is a bonus. We frequent this joint every time we get a chance when visiting Vegas which is often. There's always a lounge singer which feels oh so Vegas.
4	Food is always delicious. Get the eggplant di amore and you won't be disappointed! There is plenty to share with enough to take more home.Ambiance is spectacular. It's always noisy and fun. There is a nightly house band that plays anything from Sinatra to Fats Domino- so much fun!!! You will likely wait, even if you have a reservation. Just knock the chip off your shoulder and enjoy. It can be about 45 minutes because the place is packed and no one wants to leave their table.I've never had a good experience with the limo service. You will probably wait about 1 hour for your return ride, so be sure to request the limo long before you order dessert or request the check. The limos are old and the driver doesn't adjust heat or AC so you'll probably be uncomfortable.
5	their pizza is the closest thing to east coast pizza. mmmm. the feel is old school vegas and they have a guy that sings frank sinatra and dean martin song. so cute for a nice date night.
5	it doesn't get any better than casa di amore.  the food is top notch; service couldn't be better; and atmosphere is unparalleled.  this place is my family's go-to for christmas eve dinner and it NEVER disappoints.  although i always plan to order something different each time i visit, CHICKEN PARMAGIANA is my staple, and i can't seem to get away from it.  thin chicken cutlet, slightly browned cheese and the perfect amount of sauce-- it doesn't get any better than this.  visit this place.  there is absolutely no reason not to and EVERY reason to.
5	The food and service was excellent and very fairly priced! They have a live band playing which was a lovely ambience. A little off the strip, but apparently they have a free limo ride that brings you from your hotel to the restaurant and back! definitely worth the visit as compared to those horrible and overpriced food on the strip.
3	Love the atmosphere there. It's a nice American Italian place. We and my girlfriend use to be regular there and unfortunately no more. We tried almost all they pastas and weren't bad. They started making their pasta portion really small and since it isn't handmade fresh pasta and cost most of them over 20$ or  30$ if you order it with sea food, so for me is not ok. Think that a good brand of Italian pasta cost them less than a dollar. The service on the other end is one of the best you could ever get in Las Vegas and that's why of the 3 star.
5	Haven't been here in a while, and finally went today! AMAZING! They had live music, GREAT food and awesome service! A little on the pricey side, but worth every penny! Great for date night!
1	We recently returned to Casa Di Amore after having moved to the other side of town.  Prior to our move we frequented this restaurant often when it was opened 24/7.  Currently it no longer operates 24/7.Since returning and then checking yelp for reviews, I was stunned that nobody mentioned the table situation since the renovations, because it is bad enough to ruin your dining experience.  One of the unique features about this restaurant is that it has booths to accommodate up to 6 people.  Since the renovation, the owner opted not to replace the tables that fit the booth!  Instead he opted to put TWO  2-top tables together turned sideways!  So these spacious booths now have two very narrow tables, side by side resulting with two people  eating where the two tables meet.  What was he thinking!  In addition, these tables have huge cafe stands which limit your leg and foot room.  The tables also are not balanced to the floor which means you need to be very aware of your plates at all times because they  tilt and swerve.  Who does this?  All the booths in this restaurant now have this impractical table setup.  Michael get the correct tables for your booths.Another annoying feature about the renovations would be the extremely bright (pink) spot lights on each table.  It is like being in a room with over the top  pink fluorescent lighting in your face.  There is nothing warm about the lighting anymore in this restaurant unless you sit in the bar.  A lighting designer would never use this configuration.  The food.  The beauty of Casa Di Amore in its day was the quality and value.  The current prices at Casa Di Amore are very  inflated for the quality.  As in Sinatra pricing at the Encore minus the high quality food.  The food presentations are what my Sicilian grandmother would call "half-hearted".  Their signature wedding soup is now loaded with salt, missing the greens (that it use to have) and the broth that years ago you could tell took hours to make fresh, now tastes like it is out of a carton.    Our pasta dishes were delivered to the table unfinished.  As in, someone dumped penne into a bowl and then poured a tiny bit of sauce in the dead center.  Naked pasta is better left for a buffet line.  It was also grossly over cooked.  One good thing is that Casa Di Amore still has really good entertainment.   Sadly, we won't be returning to this restaurant again.  We will drive the extra few miles to get better quality food, correct tables and elegant dining atmosphere at Allegro, Sinatra or Capos.
4	I've been wanting to go to this place and the wait was worth it.  Very friendly staff and the food was pretty amazing.  Not your usual Italian food.  I was impressed.  I had the stuffed pork chops and it was amazing! A must try for anyone who visits this establishment.  The only thing I would say is that the price is a bit steep for a neighborhood place, but I guess you can't put a price on a hidden gem like this place.  I will definitely come back.
4	In town for a convention and looking for some good Italian not on the strip. Found this place on Yelp (as I so often do) and was for the most part not disappointed. Staff was very friendly and service was good. My drink never ran empty, dishes were cleared promptly and the server was gracious. The live music was a nice touch. I arrived around 6pm and the place was pretty empty but by 7:30pm the place was packed. It was quite loud which made for a good atmosphere and since I was by myself it didn't really bother me but it might be hard for people trying to have conversation. The lobster ravioli and Caesar salad were good, as was the warm bread. The exotic bomba, which is tropical sorbet in a white chocolate shell was quite delicious. The reason I gave four stars instead of five was the shrimp scampi. It was just ok. I love shrimp scampi and this just didn't hit the spot. Maybe next time I would stick to a standard pasta and sauce dish. Based on the service and all the other items I would recommend it and would go again.
4	This classic Vegas throwback is always a safe bet. Pizzas and pastas are old school and always perfectly prepared. The live entertainment adds to the whole experience. They also host an outstanding Super Bowl party every year. Multiple, humongous 12 foot HD screens, everybody gets a seat, cheerleaders, drum line, all you can eat, all you can drink. Can this little party Casa Di Amore throws get any better. Yes it can! This year at Las Vegas Hotel which means you happen to be in the same building as one of Las Vegas' sport book. So yeah, place your bets if that's your thing too. Super crowd spanning all ages. Those 12 foot screens with a sound system to match makes this event as close to being there as possible. This is one Super bowl party that is hard to beat. It's their 7th year so they must be doing something right.
5	Brad is awesome!!
4	Old school Vegas.  Try the "broken leg of lamb."  Just kidding.  Lots of managers that look like they could have been in Casino or Goodfellas.  Solid food and good drinks.  We loved the band-- Randy and Stubbie.
4	Really wonderful little Vintage Vegas place. Nice wait staff and good food. I am a hard nut to crack with Italian but this place passes my tests. Good stuff. The food was wonderful and authentic tasting. My only complaint is they aren't open for lunch (?) Very nice, but this place is on the small side so if you have a big party you might want to call ahead.
2	The restaurant itself was very unique along with the live two-man band.  However, beyond that not many great things to say.The cab ride there and back was $50.  They only had one of three limos operating that night so we didn't have any options other than a cab.  We had reservations for 6:45pm.  It wasn't until 8pm that we were finally being seated at our table.  What's the point of a reservation?The prices are way too expensive for the quality of food.  The pastas aren't even made in house.  The sauces were bland.  I found adding copious amounts of salt gave the food some flavor.  One other good thing was our server though.  Very friendly and took the time to answer all questions we had.  Was it all worth the far trip and the long wait....no.
4	A group of 10 of us had a fantastic time here!  A live musical duo performed fantastic standards and provided great entertainment.  Our service was fantastic even though they were busy.  The food was solid, garlic bread strong, cioppino was decent with a fantastic broth and the wine was enjoyable!  Not my first time here and not my last.
3	When Ruben and I get together with one of our group of friends (dubbed the "Eight-some"), someone else always plans the dinner, so we are just along for the ride. We came here last Friday night and definitely needed that reservation. The restaurant is small and there's practically no waiting area/lobby, so the hostess stand is very crowded. Our table was in the middle of the restaurant, right next to the bar, kitchen, and two-man band. Luckily, the booth seat is tall, so our view of the bar and kitchen were blocked.Everyone enjoyed the complimentary bread and particularly the garlic butter that accompanied it. Ruben and I shared the Fried Calamari ($16) served with marinara and a side Caesar Salad ($3 with entree). Ruben ordered Pasta Alla Forno ($30) created with penne, chicken, shrimp, broccoli, and mushrooms in a light pink sauce, then baked in the oven with fresh mozzarella. While I had their Baked Lasagna ($21) filled with marinara, fresh ricotta, ground beef, Italian seasonings, and melted mozzarella. The calamari was good (didn't make my top 5 though) and I liked their marinara. The Pasta Alla Forno was very delicious! Great flavor and the shrimp was especially good. Although, very expensive for a dish of pasta. The lasagna was all right, borderline meh.  Way too much cheese and not enough sauce. It was really difficult for me to eat (I ate less than half). One of our friends ordered Tiramisu and I thought it was decent.The band was really great! Very talented gentleman and I loved the music they played. The only thing was that with our big group, we couldn't talk to each other much since one end of the table was directly next to the band. Service was really great. Everyone was great, nice, and attentive. The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere and exemplifies "Old School Vegas." It's definitely a cool spot to check out. As far as Italian food goes, it was just okay and not worth the cost.FYI: Great for families - we had an 8-month old with us and it wasn't too loud or rowdy for her. Also, the automatic gratuity is 20% for groups of 6 or more.
5	It is the best pasta I would recommend everybody thank you so much they have the best serviceThey have the best dessert thank you againI will come again I will tell all my family and my friends
1	I guess the limo thing is a gimmick for tourists. I'm a local Las Vegan. The atmosphere is like a cafeteria. It was so loud that it gave me a headache before we ordered the food.The prices are stupid high for what you get. $25 for a bowl of spaghetti with some crappy sauce & some red pepper flakes thrown in (no meat). Add $10 for 5 small Vandecamp style fried shrimps & $5 for a small & I mean small loaf of cheese bread.. I think this place is for stupid tourists that don't know any better. Any steak house at any Station Casino blows this hole out of the water.My wife & I went because our friend gave us a gift certificate. When the waiter realized that we were not impressed & we paid $80.00 of $100 gift certificate including a large tip, He through a $20 bill at us & said "Lets call it  good". I don't think they care about locals, they just want the big spending tourists.
1	honestly, this place sucked.  here's why.  I've NEVER left an italian restaurant hungry until I went to casa di amore.  The seating was ridiculous.  my wife and I were sitting so close to other guests, that we could've eaten off of their plates.  I had hopes in the "homemade" noodles only to be let down.  Couldn't tell the difference between that and store bought.  Not to mention, I ordered chicken alfredo, right?  I could have literally held the amount that they served me in the palm of my hand.  I had like 5 or 6 cubes of chicken in my pasta. It was pathetic and didn't taste any better than the $1 crap I could've bought in the wal-mart frozen food section.  I paid over $20 for a $2 dish.  The italian ristorante to the west or the sicilian ristorante to the east beats this place by leaps and bounds, no question, and they don't treat you like cattle.  Let this be a lesson to you casa di amore, stop screwing your customers.
5	Came off the beaten path from a recommendation from a bar tender on the strip. Wife and were picked up from a limo dispatched to our hotel ! The driver Pamela was hilarious and full of spunk. We always enjoy going to the local spots and this was a home run. Food was amazing, a full of taste and the atmosphere was old school Italian. I had the veal parmiganan with meat sauce, delicious!! The local musicians Roy & Paul we friendly and even greeted us when we arrived. Will come back for sure !!
5	Amazing environment,  great live music,  and delicious Italian food. A great date night cozy place for two or 15 people.
4	I will definitely be coming here more often mainly late night because I'm tired of driving to the strip after a night of drinking just to get some good food. I never  realized they closed at 5am! The entrance is in the back and so is the parking. I always thought it looked dead but after driving behind, this place had a nice little  crowd going for midweek 2am! The full menu is also  offered throughout entire business hours.To start off they bring you a nice warm loaf of bread with olive oil and balsamic. Yum!The fettucine alla papasito had a delicious, rich, creamy sauce with little sausage meatballs. Very homey, cozy taste. Some people might say it has a little spicyness due to the sausage so if you order a -5 on the 1-10 spicy scale, this one isn't for you lol.My boyfriend got the chicken parmigiana. He replaced the typical spaghetti w/ marinara for spaghetti w/ alfredo sauce just because that's what he was craving. I was actually really surprised. Their chicken parmigiana is on point! And it's not a thin, flattened out half a chicken breast either. It looked like a full chicken breast butterflied and lightly breaded. Really good! On the picture I took it looks smaller than it actually was. He was even a little surprised and said it was better than Magianno's (he works there).  It's a little on the pricier side for what they offer, a little more than cheesecake factory but I don't mind. I just love that they're opened so late! Our server, who was also the bartender made sure to keep checking up on us even though the bar was full of people. Good customer service and really friendly also. He didn't make us feel uncomfortable for ordering food or anything that late at night. Will definitely be back!
5	Didnt expect a nice restaurant to be in a location like that.When we walked in we were greeted by a very friendly staff. The atmosphere kinda reminded me of a nice italian places where a mafia family might have a meeting in the corner table while listening to some amazing live jazz music. (did that make sense?)The appetizer/entree were both great and the owner/manager even stopped by to say hello and chatted with us for a bit to make sure we were enjoying our dinner.We were too full to try the dessert so maybe we'll get a chance to try it out next time.All in all, a great dinner experience and will be back here the next time in town.Great to take a date. Also good to take family, friends, coworkers, and customers.Recommend making a reservation b/c it started getting pretty busy after 6:30pm when we were there.
5	This restaurant is a gem, and nothing short of perfection. Around 9 on a Monday night, I was surprised to see the restaurant so busy. It didn't take long for me to realize why- this place is so much fun! The decor is warm, cluttered and in your face Italian, but most definitely in a good way. Booths are cozy, tables are close, and it feels as if you're sitting down for dinner with family and friends. There was live music and a welcoming atmosphere and to be honest, I wanted to stay all night. Service was attentive, very informative, but not overly pushy. I didn't feel like our server was trying to get money out of us, he truly seemed passionate about the food and was quick to offer recommendations without being pushy, which is a HUGE plus in my book. We shared the calamari appetizer, my boyfriend had the Linguine Luciano (warning VERY spicy) and I had Fettucine Alla Pappasito. Both were superb. This was a real treat, and I can't wait to come back! Not at all what I expected to find tucked off of Tropicana. Perfect date night location or place to bring the whole family. EXCELLENT!
5	DELICIOUS. Honestly, some of the best food I've ever tasted. My friend got the Steak Sinatra, the BEST sauteed mushrooms and steak next to Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris. The martinis---go for the Italian Gatorade, don't get a Manhattan--up. Just DONT do it, tastes like bootyhole. As far as service, everyone was more than friendly, the band noticed each and every customer. Ask for Michael, he took impeccable care of us and recommended each of our meals.
5	This place is just fun. The music is entertaining,  the service is attentive and the food is authentic.
5	First time eating here and we were NOT disappointed! The Fettucini Alfredo was wonderful but would stood out more than the food was the atmosphere and wait staff. Our waiter Stephen was super attentive as were the bussers and all the other staff helping. The live music was such a nice and classy touch and the restaurant itself was super cute...what I imagine old Las Vegas was like. We would definitely go back!!
5	Found this place on Yelp with a ton a of great reviews! I was not disappointed. The service we had was just as amazing as the food. I also enjoyed the decor, old Italian mafia feeling...great place 5 stars! Brad was our server and he KICKED ASS. Ask for him. Cheers!
4	I love Italian food, and this spot make me recall the time when i lived in Italia 5 years ago. It was memorable. The foods are okay, the price is reasonable for sure. The only thing they should be better is time serving, i had to wait a little bit long.
5	I'm very glad that I found this place on yelp. It's a gem! I will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas.  The old School Vegas style and entertainment were enough for me to really like it, but the food and service were  amazing.
5	We had a rehearsal dinner here for my sons's wedding. The food was great. The entertainment was great and the service was great. It is a wonderful restaurant even if you don't have a special occasion. I have never had better meatballs!
5	This is my favorite place to eat of all restaurants I have ever tried. The atmosphere is fun. Go with a date and it's romantic. Go with friends and it's fun. Host a group of people and it's even more fun! Can be snuggled in a booth or take over the center of the place with your group. Can sit up at the small bar too. The waiters have always been what seem to be handsome Italian men and the most fun servers. This place reminds me of a venue that would be in a mob movie. Has live talented music. The food is some of the best I have tasted. The Garlic Loaf is to die for! Alfredo is my favorite. And the limo ride to and from the restaurant is complimentary with a tip to the driver.FOOD ALLERGY- I was planning a small party here and they offered to get special ingredients so all who had food allergies could enjoy the food.
4	Walked n on a saturday evening around 6:45 and was seated within 10 minutes with no reservation.  Staff and servers were very friendly.  Had a spinach salad, calamari, and gnocchi. Food was great.  Will definetly come back if in Vegas again.  Live music was nice.  Atmosphere was a bit noisy.  This is a great place to go and get off the strip with all the tourist a holes and drunk people.
5	Called at 5pm to make a 830 reservation on a Friday night and was told it should not be a problem.  This place is awesome I was here on my 5th anniversary with my Lady and we ended up getting a table right in front of the musicians and it was amazing.  I wish they would have kept playing non stop but I understand that they need to pace themselves and give people time to chit chat.  Great service friendly place I wish I lived closer I would come at least once a month.  Thank You for a wonderful night!
1	On first visit, we walked in with a group of six people after arriving in their very old limo, which was a nice experience. It was extremely loud and there wasn't even a band playing (yet). The place was PACKED. I mean packed, back to back, like a can of sardines. It was hard to maneuver oneself to even get up to go to the bathroom. It is a lively atmosphere though, if that is what you are looking for. However this is not a favorable choice to go to when meeting someone's parents for the first time to share a great meal with conversation. We had to yell across the table at one another. Funny stuff.Now onto the most important part. The "cuisine:"Ok, I get it. We live in America where American Italian cuisine is heavily prevalent and this is Vegas so why not mix the two together? Casa Di Amore blends classic Italian American dishes with an old Vegas mob-style vibe to their restaurant. Dishes such as eggplant parmigiana, veal marsala, chicken marsala, baked lasagna, osso buco and the good 'ole spaghetti and meatballs are to be expected. Frankie, Dino and Sammie would be shaking their heads in disappointment at this place.When a customer sits down to a table, it is expected to have a waitress/waiter greet them  timely and get acquainted with the place. After we all sat down, it took anyone to come over to our table to order drinks, a good 15 minutes before we could order a couple bottles of their house wine. We were not served bread or anything.I eventually ordered the Eggplant Di Amore. I could not believe how DRY this dish was. It was intensely dry. Being that there was spinach, mushrooms and sundried tomatoes and umm...EGGPLANT...in a tomato sauce? This should not be so dry. As I cut into it, it was like cutting into a brick. "Where are the mushrooms?..the spinach?...that sundried tomato flavor?...where is it?" I was excited to try a twist on the classic dish but was severely disappointed. Not only was the eggplant parm dry but it was room temperature, overly salty to compensate for the lack of flavor. All I tasted was mozzarella that seemed like it was sitting there for a while and a solid hunk of nothing.My mother had the Pork Chops With Vinegar & Peppers. She was excited since she grew up with this dish. At first bite, the pork chop was so tough I couldn't tear it off with my teeth from the fork! The weirdest part was that the pork had an extreme fishy taste to it! It was unbearable! My mother's husband ordered a piece of chicken with a potato and veggies on the side...hardly memorable.My sister ordered the Gnocchi Alla Prosciutto, which was one of the better dishes at our table. There was hardly any prosciutto in it and the spinach was "missing" again. I don't know if they make their own four cheese sauce but this one was especially bland.My sister's boyfriend ordered the Veal Marsala. Ok I love marsala dishes. I even prepare in my own kitchen from time to time. The veal at Casa Di Amore was overly dry and not the tender suppleness that a great veal dish should be. The marsala sauce tasted nothing like a good marsala wine was used. I was actually disgusted.His mother ordered the same and was greatly disappointed.We also received our bread when we received our entrees! blasphemy!On the ride home, we hopped back into the limo. The limo driver was a nice woman but we weren't told that we would share our ride with a couple of other parties. There was absolutely no lighting in that limo so we were neck in neck in the darkness with strangers. We had to wait to go home because the limo driver thought it would be fit to drop those people off first. It was about an hour wait to go home when we only live a couple streets over. The limo is complimentary, but still.Overall, the food here is not worth a second try.The classic marinara sauce in a place like this should be a signature. It is not here. For the price you are paying, the food is completely not worth it. I can find better quality for half the price, elsewhere. I am at a dismay at the hype of this place, but I suppose it is a good place to go to if your just subconsciously craving a pseudo-Italian American dish at the last minute....desperately. Ya know...that. "I'm starving, I'll eat anything!!...let's go to 711 and get some nachos," mentality. The food was so bland, dry, too salty and their combination of flavors had no flavor at all. I've had a lot better experiences in Vegas with this type of cuisine. (Can I mention Buon Gustos? Thee Best!! Seriously, try it!)Casa Di Amore needs to be toned down a little. Maybe it's too busy for themselves to handle? Maybe they would put more effort and love into their food and serve fresh food otherwise. Suffice to say, we will not be returning here.
5	OUSO BOUCO!!!!This place is AMAZING!!!We go every time we are in Vegas.  I always have the limo come get us at our hotel and tip the driver.The food and the entertainment are worth 10x the price
3	I had the baked mostaccoli and my girlfriend had the pasta al forno. I have to say pasta is my favorite food and it's tough to disappoint me, but we were disappointed. The noodles were slightly overcooked and the pasta al forno had no sauce in it. It was a pool of grease. After seeing the photos on Yelp I have decided to go back and try some other dishes before giving up on them. We also had the calamari which was also a mediocre 3 stars. For the price we definitely would t relive this meal, but well try them again.The live music bumped my review up to a 3, otherwise this would be a 2.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. One would never guess how awesome this pace is by looking at just the exterior. It looks like a hole in the wall joint, but once you get inside, its a cozy traditional NYC italian atmosphere. Our server, Stephan, was great. My husband and I moved to Las Vegas from Chicago, and we've been very unimpressed by the service in this city. Stephan was a breath of fresh air. The food was fantastic. I'm a New York Italian, and my husband has worked with traditional Italian circuses, and we were very impressed. This place has so may specials (half price bottles of wine, half price pizzas and cocktails) and it's open and serving until 5am to boot!!! This place has now become our favorite hang out in Las Vegas. I would recommend it to anyone, and dare them to not fall in love.
2	Went on a Sunday night and was pretty busy. I was shocked at how LOUD a place called Casa Di Amore was. You will literally have to SCREAM at the person next to you in order to have a chat. I'm good with locals places, not every nice restaurant has to be in a casino or be stuffy but if I am going to pay roughly 100.00 for a dinner for 2 I'd like to not sit 2.5 feet away from a white guy with dreadlocks and his date + hear them scream at each other trying to converse for an hour. Sorry, I'm not cool with sitting in the middle of a loud room in a small 2 seater table for these prices (8 bucks for a beer!!!?? in a restaurant off Trop and Mcloud???). Now if it was 3 bucks a beer and slash about 40% of food prices I can roll with it.The service was rushed and not great, we saw the waitress twice the whole time (she was busy in her defense). Again for these prices and a spot that calls itself the house of love I was really surprised at the lack of attentiveness. The food was not great, the calamari was squishy, mealy, flavorless and the kind you are bummed out when you get (anybody who orders it often knows what I mean). The dishes were very average and not large in portion. I had the linguine and clams and like I said it was ok. Can't recommend it though. I'm going to take Piero's over this place 100 times out of a 100. At least I get great service and a nice atmosphere for my expensive meal. In a nutshell: not a place I would take a date because its loud as f and not really intimate (small but not intimate)Expensive as a strip casino for drinks so that rules out swinging by and hanging at bar to listen to the band (which you can barley hear with all the diners yelling at each other)Food on my visit is average at best and the portions were smallish. (in fact a few hours later we went up to Metro Pizza to share some food since we were still hungry).I'd venture to say many people that give overwhelmingly positive reviews did not pay the bill. In addition I see a lot of reviews that say this spot is "so old school Vegas", I mean I guess if by old school means they threw up a bunch of vintage Vegas pictures they found online and blew up. This place hasn't been around THAT long and WTH is old school Vegas about charging 10+ for a cocktail in a local restaurant? The more correct term would be it's Old School/Rat Pack (whatever) Vegas for those that have no clue what that actually means.
4	We were visiting Las Vegas and had this restaurant recommended to me by friends who visit Vegas a lot.  It was my friend's birthday so we wanted to go somewhere fun. The limo picked us up from our hotel, he was on time and very professional.  And then we got to the restaurant.  The place looks amazing.  You feel like you've stepped back in time and that a member of the Rat Pack could walk in any moment.  The service was wonderful. The server made sure to bring my friend a birthday drink, made great suggestions and made us laugh a lot.  And the food was delicious.  We split two bowls of pasta and a salad between three women and were absolutely stuffed.   The wine list is terrific too.  Then cannelloni for dessert which I couldn't eat because I was too full but my friends said it was divine.  This will definitely be our go-to place when we visit Vegas. It was great to be off the strip and hang out around locals.  Plus the band is here is FABULOUS.
5	This place is wonderful. Very romantic setting. They do have a live band and it can get loud at times. From our appetizer of crustini to the fresh baked bread garlic butter and the spicy gypsy sauce to dip your bread into. It's wonderful all around. With an extensive wine menu. And there staff if very knowledgeable on all of there wines and menu items. I recommend this for a date night!!
3	First off the food is amazing. You will be happy here with whatever you order.  My major gripe is being told I cannot sub a menu item without being charged extra.....or if I was here for swing shift they wouldn't even entertain the thought of a special order. My specific case was wanting a meatball sub with meatless meatballs. The chef (NOT the batender who was nice) said they will have to charge me an extra $3 for the substution. Mind you, they are the same price on the menu.It just left a bad taste in my mouth, but the superb food has had me back since then and I enjoyed it immensely. Its unfortunate that one incident has left me hesitant to return and their policy of letting the chef run the show instead of paying customers sucks....but if you can stomach the 'no special orders' policy you will be just fine here. On a side note, the video poker there is quite stingy. All I do is lose, lose, lose. Not even in a fun, i win a little and give it all back sort of way. I straight up lose hard and fast.
4	Had a killer meal tonight The pork chops with vinegar and peppers had this great sauce meaty and filling. I've eaten here before I did not like the lasagne It was way to cheesy the ravioli the same. I'm so glad I gave this a second chance Yummer's Tony our waiter on point Good job.
5	This place is the best! So far, it is hands down the best Italian restaurant I have been to.. Although I went with a group I would also say it's a great place to take your significant other! I loved how they had a live jazz band playing frank Sinatra and others of that genera. The service was also fantastic! They also offer a limo that will pick you up and drop you off at your hotel! My GF and I shared a 1lb pasta bowl that was perfect for 2. And the pasta (penne & greens) just melted in my mouth. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back!!
4	This place has been here since it can remember and I've been in Vegas 30+yrs.  The place gets a pretty good mixed crowd, parking lots a lil small and it can get loud but it's a great place to sit at the bar and grab sum drinks or sit at a table to eat.  I've had pretty much everything on the menu and have yet had anything less than par.  I love the pork chops w/side of gnocchi or keep it simple w/a couple of meatballs (with a side of gnocchi, lol)
3	It's as if Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack still hang out here. It's "Old Vegas" and it really does embody American Italian cuisine. Honestly I love that the kitchen opens late until 4AM and the bar until 5AM but I find the prices to be a bit over the top. Don't get me wrong the food isn't bad but for a salad it's $12 and a 1 pound pasta dish is $22. Not to mention my girlfriends and I split the 1 pound pasta dish thinking it would be plenty but it was teeny. We are hungry young ladies who EAT! We ordered the cannoli and tiramisu for dessert. Final verdict; it's average and the prices are high. For late night I encourage happy hour in which they have but only for pizzas.
5	I can say confidently that this is a restaurant id happily give 120$ to again. I got an EXPERIENCE. Driver picks us up, wonderful lady. Unloads us, we get sat down in front of the band, the place was great! Old vegas pictures, Frank Sinatra and the Rat pack, the band was jazzy and the place felt like a New York Italian restaurant.Waitress was full blown Sicilian and helped me make my decision and going rightfully so. The food was excellent, the service was excellent, my girlfriend and I had a very memorable experience
5	I love this place.  Very traditional home cooked like Italian food.   I had a friend try the steak and oh it was incredible and tender with a demiglaze.  I will have to order that for myself sometime, but I get distracted by the baked Mostaccioli frequently.I tried the baked lasagna, but it was not a solid lasagna slice like you would expect.  It was loose, disappointing.I tried my friends vegetarian meatball dish and the vegi meatballs were actually quite good.  I am a meat eater and I may order some for my meal next time.  Basil flavored.Cocktails are really good here.  All sorts of flavors.My favorite part:I love the 60's feel with lounge musicians.   The night gets better the later it gets.They will even pick your group up at hotels, but not residences.  Too bad for me.  At least the walk isn't too far.  I hope this place never changes.  It just feels so good to be here.The staff is super friendly and I will be coming back here for a long time.If you are looking for a quiet place to go, this is not it.  It is fine for children to come if they can handle noise and people.Good place overall, good food.  I bring all my friends here when they visit, or just when I need somewhere fun to go with my husband after a long work day.
4	I gave this 4 stars but it's more like 4 1/2. Very retro Las Vegas decor, very romantic. I don't drink much but I did order a grasshopper while waiting to be seated and it was delicious. They had entertainment in the form of two elderly gentlemen playing dean Martin, Sinatra and Bacharach classics.  Very charming. The employees were extremely courteous. I had the New York steak and my boyfriend had the lasagna. Both were very good. Would definitely go back again to celebrate a special occasion. Also a good place to take out of town guests.
4	Yelp this place and it was open from 5p-5a, and it was 12am. Perfect! We had appetizers and took them home with us. The prawns wrapped are delish and the sampler appetizer was also very good. While we were sitting at the bar for our food, a server came up to us and started to compliment us on our attire and was very nice and kind. He asked if we seen the live band. He said that we need come back and check it out and was sad to see us take our food to go. Definitely going back to eat in the restaurant and enjoy the music and the FOOD!
4	Got to love old-school Vegas ambiance: velvet walls, high booths, a gaming bar in the back with random regulars popping through the back door.  A 1-3 piece music act delighting the room with Mob-age treats.The food is excellent; the menu extensively covers Italian favorites, classics, and a few twists.  Spicy lovers, do the Gypsy sauce if you can handle it.They have delicious veggie meatballs.....but you have to pay extra for them......only sometimes.Bar specials after midnightOpen 5pm. to 5amClosed on Tuesdays
4	Great atmosphere and great service! Highly recommend making a reservation if you have a party larger than 2. They have great live music playing the best oldies. Food is traditional italian style, their homemade marinara sauce is so good!
4	Better than 4 stars, but definitely not 5.Overall, I liked this place a lot.  Chicken parm was very good.  They have something called gypsy sauce which is a spicy marinara.  It was great.  Tasted the veal parm which was very good.  The shrimp phyllo appetizer was just OK.  Desert was a great cannoli!
5	We were in Vegas for 5 days. On the last night we decided to eat outside the strip, away from the hotels and malls. We found this lovely place on yelp. It was exactly as I read in the reviews, great ambience, and tasty food. The service was fabulous! Don't hesitate to oh there but book ahead.
5	Amazing food! The live entertainment was incredible. . Not a cheap place but worth it for date night!
4	Totally found a gem!!!!! Thanks to good ol' yelp!!!! Great food! Great service! Tony was such a pleasant server! Very attentive and informative!!!!! If you want a great place to eat off the strip this is your go to!!! Supper yummy!!!!
4	Great food, great music, great atmosphere! The meal was about $30 per person and the portion was a little on the small side but I still left a very happy customer! Just topped this night off with some desert from my favorite ice cream shop on the way home!
5	Amazing food, service and atmosphere! We will make it a tradition to go back every time we are in Vegas.
5	Great place to take a first date.  It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but the inside is very classy.  If you're visiting, they offer complimentary limo service!  Lighting is dim and every now and then somebody is singing or playing the piano on their mini stage.  This place has the best shrimp scampi.  You get a free t-shirt if you order the cannoli.
4	The food was great, and they had a very large menu. Our waiter was fantastic! He made the experience that much more enjoyable. The scallops au grautin are to die for, and both our portions were exactly the right amount of food, and we came starving. Their Cesar salad is only an extra $3.00, and pretty large. There was definitely an old vegas feel, and a singer and piano player were there crooning all of us with mostly oldies, but it was so soft it in no way impeded on our conversation. Highly recommend, especially for couples! They also have a bar in the back with sports. Monday night is half off wine night, too.
4	This place was pretty cool and the food was delicious. I ordered the rib eye steak and was not as tender as I thought it would be. It was good. My husband ordered the chicken park and loved it. My favorite was the cannoli and the mozzarella sticks. Our waiter was really nice and attentive. I really liked the wall art, it was old school Las Vegas. I enjoyed it!!!
5	Found this amazing little place on Yelp! Used our restaurant.com gift card to get $50 off our meal as well. Great wine selection, beautiful live music, friendly atmosphere. Shout out to Michael, our server for a job well done. He took our pic, didn't rush us, explained everything thoroughly and was just a stand-up guy. As a restaurant manager, I'm pretty picky about everything when it comes to the service industry. I would hire him anyday to work in my place. Bravo!! We will definitely be back for Michael.
3	Wow, what can I say.  We came here because of the great reviews and we were not impressed.  No, it wasn't bad.  It just didn't "blow us away" like some said.  We ate here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty full.  The service was good but the singer was not very good.  I felt embarrassed for him a couple of times as he kept hitting the wrong notes.  The music was a little louder than I liked and it made it difficult to have a conversation.  The food was very tasty, the portions just right, but the prices were a little steep for the location.  $22 for a plate of gnocchi was a bit too much for this old building.  I say that if you drive a 78 Cadillac and think slicked back hair is cool then this place is for you.
4	KiiFood... EXCELLENTService..... EXCELLENTAmbience.....9 out of 10 very loudOverall experience was very good can't wait to go back. I've lived in Vegas almost 50 years why have I not discovered this gem a bit earlier. My only complaint was the noise level but it was crowded and had tile floors
3	This place was really quite good. I'm giving them a rating of three stars for a couple reasons. One the place tries to sell itself as being a little higher class than what it really is. It's in a seedier end of town actually not that nice inside. Having said that, the food was quite good. The sauce was good, garlic bread also very good, and they had a surprising prawn appetizer which they wrapped in bacon and served with a peanut caramel sauce. All in all a good spot, just know that if the prices were a little lower and you have a better understanding of where you're going it makes for a better experience. No need to dress up
5	This place has amazing costumer service everyone that works there is truly nice. Our waiter who I don't remember his name was really nice to us and was friendly from start to finish. As for the food I'm not a huge fan of Italian food but my girlfriend is so I had to take her here after reading the review. The food did not disappoint everything we got was delicious. Best part of it Was that my girlfriend loved the food and when she's happy I'm happy!! Since then we've been here a few times now and we plan on going back.
5	Amazing dinner and ambiance!  Excellent service!  We will be back! Loved the live music on Saturday night.. Both of our meals were cooked to perfection!
5	I'm new in town, noticed this place out on Tropicana, then saw the Yelp reviews and decided to try it. I love the atmosphere, love that the walls pay homage to the Rat Pack, love the very square yet cool lounge act performing in the restaurant. The host and waiters treat customers like VIPs, reminding me of Vegas when I came here 25 years ago. Nice wine list too. And they serve food until 5am!The biggest surprise was the food! I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and a caesar salad. I don't know what they do differently, but that caesar salad was amazing. Really, really great! I'm pretty sure I tasted more parmesan than I usually do, but there were some other seasonings in there too subtle for me to identify. Fantastic!The single serving of spaghetti and meatballs was enough to feed a family of four, unnecessarily large. But despite that, and I can't believe I'm saying this, this was truly the best spaghetti and meatballs I've ever tasted in my life! And I've had some of the best. I used to live i NY & NJ and I've travelled all over Italy. I certainly never expected I'd one day say the best spaghetti and meatballs I ever tasted was in Las Vegas.I wish I could afford to eat here often. That's the downside, it's just too expensive for me. But for a special occasion, or if you're rich, I totally recommend this place.
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  It was very quaint and had a small jazz lounge appeal.  The food was good, the staff was friendly and the live music was awesome!
5	My wife and I eat here often with friends and family. I really like the live music and the food is great.
5	Casa Di Amore successfully tries to recreate the Rat Pack era vibe with it's ambience, music, and food. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. The lounge singer hit all the right notes with his Sinatra decade music. But our waiter, Brad, made it memorable with his service and quips. He was helpful but not intrusive. Corny but funny.
4	What I like about Casa Di Amore is that it offers an escape from the prepackaged,  homogeneous vibe most places in Vegas have.  It's got a real old school vibe, although I'm not sure how long the restaurant has actually been around.  But if it was in business in 1959, you can bet Sinatra and company would've loved this place.I went here with a big group of friends and all agreed that the food was great!  The service during dinner was also friendly, welcoming and the courses were brought out neither too fast or too slow.  As an added bonus they even sent a limo to pick us up and take us back to our hotel.
5	The food is always good at Casa Di Amore they have a wonderful Gypsy sauce it is a fried tomato paste that is very spicy with lots of crushed pepper and oil this is my favorite thing on the menu and I Dip my bread and fried shrimp in there it is wonderful pasta is always good cherry pepper steak and pork chops is off the chain it is a must-have if your first time going there the waiter Brad is always nice and speaks gypsy language which is a plus and makes it funny to be there music is always good place is just fun all around
5	Very nice atmosphere and great band up on stage. Really nice service with delicious food. Great for a Saturday night!
5	Great service all thanks to Michael, he was an outstanding, friendly waiter. Made my wife and I feel like we were at home and not just guests. I highly recommend you ask for him next time you go in, what a wonderful experience!
4	The food here was pretty good. I had an Italian seasoned steak that was perfectly cooked and my dad had chicken caprese. The tomatoes on his meal looked like they came from a mass produced hot house and had zero taste. I lived in Italy for 3 years and even a tourist wouldn't get tomatoes like that. He was very pleased with the chicken under the tomatoes and ate all of it. The service was prompt but the server didn't know much about Italian food or pronunciation....lol!
5	Awesome Italian Food! Moving from NJ I know some good Italian food . This place is the best I've had in Vegas. Great old Vegas atmosphere with live music every time I've ever been.The service was great also! Highly recommend Casa Di Amore :)
5	Best Italian good in Vegas, great atmosphere - go when the live music is playing. Great wait staff. Eggplant parm, Veal, pasta, rampini, all their food is delicious and a glass of Chianti washes it down perfectly.  Finish your night with an expresso and a cannoli. Yum!
4	We took customers to Casa Di Amore tonight for dinner. Tony was our waiter and he was amazing. The food was on point and more importantly our customers had a good time..... However do not take the Limo.... The driver was RUDE... There was apparently a mix up of some kind and we were suppose to share the limo... Taking customers out we declined to "share" being late and not wanting to be a shuttle with multiple drop off's... The driver was rude and lectured us on our decision not to share... He argued with us... I still tipped him well for a 5min drive but in hindsight I would not have tipped him at all.
5	Easy parking, seated us on time, fantastic waiter, fantastic food, great old world live jazz band.  I will definitely be coming back!!!
2	It was very, very loud.  In part due to a live Jazz duo (drums and keyboard). Dim lighting.  Rip in the plastic bench booth seat.   Service was ok - fast enough, but inconsistent.   (We had to mention we never got our drinks).The food was unremarkable and somewhat disappointing.  Not bad - but my baked ziti variation featured overcooked pasta.  Inexcusable in an Italian establishment that should know what al dente means.There are so many choices in Vegas, and the best I can say about this place is: the parking was very convenient.
4	Here we have another Las vegas classic, it's time to venture off the Las vegas Strip for that off beat hidden gem. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. The pork chops I will say were top notch. The service is also very good, and in Las Vegas that is not a given, there a couple of places that think that just because they have been here fora while that they can treat you like dirt (I think we all know who i am talking about.) Skip them and their bellow average food and come to Cassa Di Amore. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Ambiance is fantastic. A bit crowded and clustered, but it makes for a loud and fun environment. Hostess, waiter, and the rest of the staff were very attentive and friendly. The live music was a nice touch.Food was delicious all around from the large meatballs to the calamari linguine and cioppino. Exotic bomba was a refreshing dessert.Came with a group of 8 and it was unanimously our favorite meal of the weekend. We ate at a varitey of places like Bacchanal, Gordon Ramsay Burgr, Yong Kang Street, and Hash House.
4	Aside from the yummy steak entrees and live music, our server Stefan made our dining experience to this place memorable. We're first timers to this place as recommended by a business associate and Stefan made sure we were attended well. Thanks for taking good care of us!
5	Fantastico!   Casa Di Amore is an incredible Italian restaurant.  It's cozy, authentic and the staff is very friendly.  This is our second time here and it's the best we've had here in Las Vegas so far.  My wife, bro in law and myself got here about half hour early and they received us with open arms.  They made us feel like old friends.  I had the Eggplant DiAmore, bro in law Shrimp Fetuccini and my wife, good grief, turkey dinner.  And all was delish.  Bottle of red wine, raviolis and mini Osso Bucco.  Molto buona!  Topped off with a canoli and coffee.   Not kidding, this has to be one of the best places to have dinner.  It was our 22nd wedding anniversary and they had the gentleman singing during dinner sing for us.  And guess what?   He sang our wedding song!  What a fabulous evening.  Casa Di Amore, you are on top of our list in Las Vegas.  Congrats to you and your fabulous staff.
5	This place is a little gem! It's a really nice place to bring a date. Cozy feeling with good live music and an old school Italian vibe. The service was great here. Came in yesterday for my bday and they made sure to take care of me. The manager, Smith, was very friendly and it seems like it rubs off on the whole crew there. Michael was our server and he was awesome. He was very knowledgable about the whole food and drink menu and I felt I could ask anything and get an answer (I can be picky and confusing at times lol). It really baffles me when you go to a restaurant and the servers are clueless about the joint. The food was delicious and I am excited to come back and try more!!!
5	I cant say enough positive things about this old school, authentic Italian restaurant!  It is off the strip...so you get the amazing quality without Las Vegas Strip prices.  It is a great place for any kind of date night, business lunch/dinner, or really anyone who just wants a relaxing dinner with a cozy atmosphere.  They have a nice bar towards the back with a few gaming machines for those who do not prefer a table.  The service was is second to none and with the cabaret style live music, excellent food and great location off the strip, Casa Di Amore is a restaurant I recommend to all locals and tourists for an amazing time!
3	Gr8 old Vegas ambience.  My meals have been inconsistent.  Had baked eggplant dish di casa which was overcooked.  Other times, I have had perfectly prepared dishes.  Place is a cross BTW a romantic dinner getaway and a loud party place.  Service can be inconsistent too.  Otherwise, nice menu selections, generous servings and comfortable booths.
5	Great Food, Great Service, Great Ambiance, the duo playing there is always on point. My wife and I always enjoy a nice evening out at Casa Di Amore.
5	Tried the Gypsy pasta. Very spicy, but if you can take it, taste very good. Friendly service, complementary picture and live music. Baked lasagna was really good and cheesy, goes well with the bread. Excellent desserts, I recommend the exotic bomba and tiramisu cake.
4	The food is amazing.  We have gone here several times and the food is great every time.  The bread you get first is warm and tastes great.  The over all food is wonderful.  I will say that I have been here several times however I have been served by the same server several times and she has not done a good job.  She has been forgetful and not attentive and the fact that they blame the kitchen is not acceptable they do a great job.  Overall the food will keep us coming back.  I will say that when we go back if we get the same server we will move tables to ensure the correct order and order that is given in a timely matter.   Please go here it i worth all the trouble!!!  Also one last thing the busers should be given extra tips they do there jobs and do it with a smile.
3	Food was very good.  The waitress (Toni) sucked I think she forgot to put our  food order in.
