4	Service is part of the experience at Bagel etc...Only cool girls are allowed to work here and they have no problem yelling back and forth about porn stars they met the night before, making out with their boyfriends at the counter or covering for each other to make sure hot food gets delivered fast.Brunch menu has a great selection for ever palate and price range. Omelets (I'm partial to the Hola with fresh salsa, chilis and queso), French toast, variations of Benedicts - all served on bagels from Fairmount Bagel. Yum-may. I don't know how they do it but 3 to 4 guys cook in the space of a pantry and they are a well-oiled machine. Consistently great food (perfect eggs!)Good for singles or groups. The wait is worth it or slide up to the counter for faster service. Warning though - the counter is like sitting front row at a stand-up comedy show. You risk being picked out and asked to give a second opinion on someone's day-glo earrings ('Are zees too 1980'eez?).  Great coffee and espresso, soundtrack varies from Doris Day to Billy Joel and they sell Leonard Cohen CDs behind the counter. Cash or credit card only - no Interac.
4	My friend said I would like this place and he was right. The fuchsia-painted exterior and the mix of Art Deco and 1950s memorabilia inside appealed to my kitschy whimsical side. Mid-way through the brunch hour and the restaurant was humming with conversations that tried to speak over the background music. All of the tables were full so we had the choice to wait for a booth or sit at the counter. We choose the latter where we were met by our server who promptly placed two mugs in front of us and poured coffee inside them as soon as we sat down. Our food arrived shortly afterward - two eggs, bacon, hash brown potatoes and dark brown toast - and we eagerly ate our food as if it were our last meal. In reference to the two previous reviews about the conversation topics made by the servers, I didn't hear anything inappropriate. From my observation, their banter was nothing more than what they did the night before, what shows or parties they went to, etc. I do agree with Amber's comment that if you sit at the counter, expect to be included in their conversation. But this isn't necessarily a bad thing: the servers are friendly and want to see how you're doing so they aren't shy to say hello to their customers.With that being said, if you're in the mood to enjoy your eggs and OJ in a quiet surrounding, then I wouldn't suggest you come here. Bagel Etc does attract a certain crowd such as students, young to middle-aged couples, or anyone who like being surrounded in an exciting atmosphere. It's not your typical cookie-cutter breakfast chain restaurant, which is exactly why I found it instantly appealing. By the time we left, we saw a line-up of hungry patrons waiting to be seated. I'd be interested to visit this place out during the other times of the day, such as lunch or during the weekday. Of course, this means another trip to Montreal and that's not a bad thing at all!
1	Back in its heyday in the 1990s, Bagels Etc was a fantastic place.  Cheap, friendly, great food. Throw in the occasional Leonard Cohen sighting and it was my go to breakfast and brunch joint. So, yeah, this place has been living on its reputation for quite some time. And the prices have gone up, the food has gone downhill, Lenny's out on tour, and the service.... well, the service is something truly special. My only guess is that it's been under new management for a while.  The service is truly atrocious and unpleasant.  Memories be damned: the last time I went is the last time I will go. The wait was forever and there were empty tables everywhere. The servers didn't even bother looking up from their conversation to help us. We had to track down the manager to complain. And he didn't care. And - as already observed - the service makes inappropriate and offensive comments.  One a previous trip (my second to last), the server made some offhand joke about Parkinson's disease (she was jittery when bringing our coffee) when my friend at the table's father is suffering from that horrible disease. They are rude, inefficient and just plain awful. I guess if you like that kind of "experience", Bagels Etc is the place for you. For everyone else, go elsewhere.
4	Fun breakfast place with good food and decently accommodating. The server was nice and the prices were good. The eggs Florentine was good but the hollandaise seemed a bit thin and I'm not a fan of sesame seeds - which the bagel had ample of. The chocolate-hazelnut spread covered french toast, however, tasted delicious. The atmosphere was fun and quirky, a nice, crammed little neighborhood diner. The orange juice was expensive, but fresh
4	Okay, here's the thing with Bagels Etc.: the food is okay, and decently priced for what you'll find in the neighbourhood, and the atmosphere is cute and fun, but the service tend to fluctuate quite a bit.EGG DISHES: all pretty safe bets, whether you go bacon and eggs or eggs benedicts.PANCAKES: smell amazing, but are *really* dry, unless you *douse* them in syrup, in which case the powdery dryness turns to tiny sugar crystals that explode on your tongue, which a fun experience, but one that still requires *a lot* more syrup than I can handle most mornings.FRENCH TOAST: made with Challah bread, but otherwise unexceptional.TOAST: your choice of white, brown, Russian black bread, or an authentic Montreal bagel -- I suggest you try the black bread.POTATOES: served with every dish, they range from really good to just bland, depending one when the batch was started, but they're never undercooked.ATMOSPHERE: Montreal/American diner kitch, playing music from the big band to Leonard Cohen, and signs advertising all kinds of good beers they don't serve.SERVICE: often slow and unorganized, sometimes aloof, and very rarely "good".Dishes worth Trying:- Huevos Rancheros- The Benny Goodman- The Deluxe (w/ pancake option)
3	My feelings towards this place can be summed up in three points: 1) Best. Hollandaise. Ever. 2) Love the aesthetic.3) Not a fan of the indifferent/sullen/rude servers (and clearly I am not alone with this one).  Used to go all the time because of the first two points, but lately that third variable has been more and more of a downer. Not sure when I'll be back.
4	This place is a throw back to American style diners, with an ecclectic art deco funk style. We were seated promptly and the waitress was friendly. I ordered the french toast with eggs sunny side up and sausage. My choice of beverage was freshly squeezed o.j. and coffee. It took some time to get my order but it was worth the wait. The food was excellent! The meal came with this special black bread toast which is really yummy! The waitress was very accommodating to myself and my dining companions. We went on a early Sunday afternoon and there was no "brunch rush" at that time, which might explain the stellar service. It was my first time eating here, and I definitely plan to go back when in town.
5	Great place to get brunch. If you go on weekends they make you a special eggs benedict on top of a bagel with lots of options. Mine had tomato, spinach and goat cheese. You eat the bagels with a fork and bread knife, it's good. Service was speedy, wait was not too bad. I would highly recommend for a weekend brunch.
4	There was a period this summer when I was at Bagel about 3 times a week for lunch or breakfast. The Cookie's Burger, grilled cheese, BLT and basic breakfast are my favourites, all delicious, fresh, hearty. Being able to tuck into the tiny booths in the back or hang out with the giggly franglais gals and super sweet surly owners at the bar probably saved my life on an emotional level like once a month. I've never had a problem with service here, though this is definitely a place that warms up to people over time and takes good care of it's regulars.
4	I have lived in Montreal for 4 years now and this is truly the best place for breakfast in town. That's right. I don't like waiting in lines. I'm a NYer through and through. But weekend mornings this place is worth it. Come early, try and beat the rush, and order one of the weekend specials. My favorite is the Hanover. As for the service. They are friendly as long as you are. They are also very busy running around so fair enough if they want to be fast. I'm happy as long as my food makes it to me ASAP. Anyway, they are usually gorgeous. :)
4	Bons burgers. Salle sympa.
5	I would say one of the top three breakfast dishes in Montreal - Huevos Rancheros (add bacon).
5	I won't lie i was hungover but not to the point where i was unable to function. We yelped nearby places and this came up as having amazing brunch so off we walked. There were a few outside tables left as we arrived around 1pm and we of course grabbed one and nestled in for some brunch. L'eau cafe and jus de pomme for me were ordered while i looked over the menu. I decIded on the egg breakfast with potatoes, bacon and a bagel.I wanted to experience a legit Montreal style bagel while here (obviously). The potatoes were the highlight for me and i pretty much cleaned my plate. I was a fan of the sweeter chewier style bagel but usually prefer my bagels sans seeds. i would highly recommend coming here if near Rue St Laurent.
3	As a frequent weekend warrior, I've scoured the greater Montreal area for the best hangover cure in town. Though hip (which seems to be French-Canadian for 'everywhere') and sufficient, you can do better in a city that takes pride in its eggs.Bagel is certainly A-OK. The breakfast concoctions are tasty and sizable. The made-to-order drinks are made with care and the servers don't mind anglophones. The omelet and eggs benedict were tasty and moderately priced. I guess I was just expecting more. Let me elaborate on my position regarding Montreal bagels. For those of you from the NYC metro area that have not had the "pleasure," a Montreal bagel is basically a drier, firmer, deflated version of the NY analogue. Here, I would argue that America got it right.
4	Not bad considering the pricing
4	I really like the decor at this restaurant. Went with some friends for brunch on a weekday, and it wasn't crowded. You can find a table pretty quickly. The waitresses were extremely nice and gave suggestions when we're confused. I ordered the brunch, which had two eggs, sausage, ham, bacon, and your choice of bread. I chose bagel because of its name! Obviously it wasn't St. Viateur or Fairmount, but it was really moist. The price is pretty decent for a breakfast place, it comes up to around $10 altogether with coffee/tea. The atmosphere is really quaint and cute. I'll definitely come back again to try out their large selection of omlettes!
4	Great breakfast joint.  Food is  good and coffee is flowing.  pretty standard brunch menu.  Get very busy on weekends.
5	This place is great-- it has a quirky, art-deco feel, a wide range of brunch options and, in my opinion, the best hollandaise in the city! Waitresses are usually quite friendly- a little slow on the refills but it's always jam-packed, especially on weekends.My faves: Huevos Rancheros (with bacon!), and the Florentine.
5	One of the few places left in montreal to create an  inspiration.. I would Lounge  at the breakfast bar to draw & write. ( I created many  Business plans for new productions there.aka Diary of a lost Circus) It the one venue that helps u take life down a notch. Step back into a time of wild hot Swing and Jazz while you gently sip on your fifth coffee.  Always the first place I go to after a long tour, a welcome home , home .
4	I regularly come here when we are looking for easy delicious brunches. They have a large selection of breakfasts form traditional to more original versions. I really like their bowls. Really friendly atmosphere, ideal for lazy sundays with friends and family. The decor is awesome, there is always something to look at and discover! The staff are generally nice. Beware that if you come in in the late afternoon, the waitresses will start to be tired and more grumpy. Overall, they are all very nice though... Super relax, maybe a bit expensive for what it is, but still recommend it!
5	I visited Montreal with some friends this past weekend for the Montreal Jazz Festival. We stopped here before we left the city to head home as a friend who went to school in Montreal recommended we stop at this restaurant. I have to say, this was the best meal I had on my entire visit (I had the deluxe, which is french toast, eggs, home fries, and challah toast). The food was incredible and cooked very well. We were seated in a few minutes and the service was very good.The best part about this restaurant is that it is set up like a diner from the 50s. The pictures and posters on the wall look from that era and they play a ton of classical music.Overall, this place is a go-to if you are visiting Montreal.
2	Maybe it's because I had really high expectations that I was let down. I read all the great reviews by other yelpers and couldn't wait to try this place. There's only one word to describe it: bad. I went there yesterday with my sister for brunch. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my sister ordered the salty crepes. My plate wasn't so bad, but still mediocre. The crepes were absolutely disgusting! The crepes were too sweet and the filling (chicken and spinach) was flat and soggy. I tried it and couldn't swallow what I ate. The only reason I gave them the second star is because the service was very relaxed and easy going; i liked that.
4	Really lovely little spot to grab brunch. I just googled "antonym of pretentious" for a way to describe this little spot and I think "unconceited" fits the bill, especially in a city where you can pay serious dollars for brunch if you like to eat from a high horse! Anyhoosers, full disclosure, I used to DESPISE brunch because I always find it over-priced and too rich but fortunately for this place I recently decided to EMBRACE brunch with reckless abandon! My friend and I both had the classic and both really enjoyed the spread - everything was tasty and the price was very good...I got well-fed for under $10. The cherry on top would have been if I got to sit in that charming two-seater in the window... until next time!
5	Yes. Huevos Rancheros served on the most perfect montreal bagel?? Just the best! I'm not a fan of their coffee or their potatoes, but still I love the meal itself so much that it warrants 5 stars. And the service is very fast, so when you're waiting in line it doesn't take too long.
4	Irregardless that the day manager is a Bruins fan, my review won't be tainted by this revelation. I have simple breakfast/brunch needs (eggs and bacon are all I really need) and Bagel Etc hits that mark and then some! My friends enjoy their Heuvos Rancheros,  I enjoy the option of Russian bread or bagels. The kitsch-iness of the inside adds a certain charm (a hallmark of Boulevard St Laurent's).As always expect long lines during weekend's (popular brunch spot....doy!) but do make a note to check it out.
4	A wonderful place for brunch! They aren't licensed, so if you want booze this isn't the place for you. However the huevos rancheros and eggs Benedict are to die for.. All served on top of a delicious bagel of course. Be prepared to pay at the cash once you're finished your meal.
5	Caveat: I ate at Bagel Etc. literally every day for 5 months in 2012 -- this could suggest that it's really good, but it also means I have a weird perspective on the place.I love The Bagel and make it my first stop whenever I get back to Montreal. The Classic (eggs, toast, potatoes, choice of meat) is pretty much unbeatable for value and there's loads of other great things on the menu (standouts include the Hanover, Mega Mishmash, Bobard, and Deluxe). The potatoes are amazing 99% of the time, though I've never been able to identify what causes the 1% of the time when they're not, and the bottomless coffee is probably the most drinkable bottomless coffee I've ever had. The vibe in the place is fantastic and the people who work there are great. Having eaten here so many times I do need to mention that the pancakes are unfortunately not very good, so if you're in the mood for pancakes you should go down the street to Le Vieux St Laurent or up to Beauty's on Mont Royal. Similarly, their fresh fruit options are lacking, though the orange and grapefruit juices (fresh squeezed every day) are tasty. Also avoid the milkshakes, which aren't bad but are not worth the price.The line can be brutal on the weekend, but it's absolutely worth it.
5	AMAZING. Didn't think eggs benedict would work on a bagel, but it did. Great food.
2	To be honest, I find Bagel etc a bit overrated. I remember going there in the past and being satisfied, but when I went last week I was very disappointed. It was pretty busy for a week day so my boyfriend and I were seated in the back, where it was extremely hot. I ordered the eggs benedict, which I do almost everytime I go out for breakfast, and it was bad. Don't get me wrong, I love Fairmount Bagels, but I didn't like the fact that they used bagel instead of english muffins. I know that bagels are their ''speciality'', but some classics really don't need to be re-invented... I also have to mention that the eggs were overdone. My boyfriend got a 2 eggs + 3 choices of meat special for $8, which was apparently good. Not that it's so hard to make, though. Seriously, the best thing about this place is that you don't have to ask for hot sauce, because there are Sriracha bottles on every table.
5	Service was fantastic: quick, helpful, friendly and a real benefit to the experience. Pancakes were the perfect thickness and density and the Faitout will keep me going all day. All that, and the bagel on the side of my plate was like a golden ring of chewy love.
5	Bagels etc . The breakfast is great ... My personal favourite would have to be the ranchero ... Great Benedict ... Friendly staff .. There is always line ups on weekends but definitely worth the wait
