5	Although this isn't the fanciest of nail salons, I am giving Queen Nails a 5 star rating because their service and quality make the somewhat dated interior worthwhile!Initially I went in thinking I was going to finally break down and go the "fake nail" route since it's practically impossible for me to get a manicure that lasts longer than 30 minutes after leaving the salon, plus my nails tend to break once they grow past the end of my fingertips. When I asked Rachel about it, she took one look at my nails and quickly convinced me that gel was actually a much better option because I have very healthy nail beds and the gel doesn't damage your nails at all. One of my favorite things about this place is the fact that each time someone walked through the door, Rachel greeted every one of them by name and asked how work was going, how that trip they were going on went or how the new move was treating them! It was obvious that her attention to detail transcends her clients' nails, which, in my opinion, is a huge selling point!My nails look amazing, Queen's prices are really reasonable and I love the friendly atmosphere and attention to detail. I will most certainly be a regular at Queen Nails!
4	Clean,efficient,friendly,and most of all, I was pleased with the pedi that I got today!! Finally a salon where I can honestly say that I'll be back! Queen won't win a prize for an upscale salon but I don't need fancy....just someone who can give me a decent pedi. Thank you,Taylor.
5	Queen Nails 7/25/20131819 Matthews Township Pkwy Ste 300Matthews, NC 28105I have been going to Queen Nails for over a 10 years and will not go anywhere else. They are very clean and sanitary. The attention to detail is wonderful. They are very personable and caring. I am there about every 3 weeks getting a pedicure, gel nails and artwork hand drawn on my nails. Taylor, Rachel, Kathy, Annie and Lana are wonderful. Annie does state of the art brow shaping for $8.
4	The ladies greet everyone as they come through the door. There may only be a few ladies working but they are a well-oiled machine and can service a full shop in a timely manner. Three of us came as walk-ins and the shop was mostly full. We quickly got seats and had our feet soaking or hands lotioned in no time. It's a small shop but the staff is fantastic and quick. The prices are reasonable ($10 mani/$25 pedi). The atmosphere is very casual and the other patrons are friendly so it's a great place to relax and unwind for a bit. They also rub and lotion your calves which some other local places stopped doing.
5	I've been going here for over 6 years and hate to get my eyebrows done anywhere else! Ask for Annie she does the best eyebrows in Charlotte!! Mani-pedis are always great as well and they just got new massage chairs!
2	I've came here twice to get my gel manicure done. The first time she did my manicure good, but the gel polish I didn't like at all. It was so thick my nails looked fake. When I came for the second time I had another person do it. She did everything fine and I let her know not to put to much gel on my nails. Well guess what my nails didn't make it to the second week. Will not go there again. I guess you pay for what you get. Is dirt cheap compare to other places I been too.
