5	I worked with Robyn in Los Angeles a couple years ago, and I must say that she is a great balance of friendly and professional.  As I am one who is pretty uncomfortable in front of the camera, she demonstrated patience and made the whole day an enjoyable experience. She dared me to trust her with her own visions, and I ended up with the cleanest and most classic images I've ever taken. I continue to get compliments for her photos to this day. I keep up with her photography and can say that her work only gets better and better. Definitely work with Robyn! You'll be glad you did.
5	Robyn is very professional and able to carry out her visions clearly. She works quickly and efficiently to get shoots done in a timely manner without sacrificing the quality of the photos. I highly recommend her for her work.
5	I had my pregnancy pictures done by Robyn and she was amazing. She helped me decide on a beautiful location and had photo ideas and was able to do my one personal ideas as well. She captured my pregnancy glow in all my photos and was able to capture some candids of me and my husband being our silly joyful selves. All in all I was very pleased and will highly recommend her. She's professional and prompt. Thank you Robyn for capturing a special moment in my life.
5	Robyn did an amazing job with my baby shower photos and also a photo shoot of my dog. She is very versatile and, creative, talented and a true pleasure to work with. I am using her to do modeling headshots for my son as well.
5	Robyn took some headshots for me in LA when I needed them done last minute. She was very professional and great at making me feel comfortable. I haven't taken a lot of photos professionally before, but she made the whole process run smoothly and knew exactly how to get the right shots. The pictures came out significantly better than I had hoped for. I also got the inside scoop on my audition results and found out that my headshot is what kept me in the running! Thanks, Robyn! My only upset is that she moved to Phoenix! Otherwise, I would have definitely asked her to take my family photos too.
