4	This is located in the Flamingo Hotel and Casino.  I was there last month and it got to the point where my best play was to get a haircut, instead of table games.They did a fine job.  It was a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.  I like my new do.  So does my sweetie.It's all good.
1	Went in here for a "classic shave" after a night of gambling and winning. Thought I'd treat myself to a nice straight razor shave being on vacation and all. I used a double edge razor at home and think of wet shaving with quality creams and using a badger hair brush to build lather as a nice relaxing way to take care of myself. I thought a professional would know how to handle a basic shave. Wow, this shave was the opposite of enjoyable. I should have stopped the "master barber" from scraping at my face with a dull blade and leaving my face bloody and irritated. I should have stood up and walked away the moment that I noticed that she was shaving my face immediately after taking off the hot towel without applying any shaving cream. I gave her the benefit of the doubt and goddamn do I regret it. She then tried to excuse her shoddy work and blamed it on me having "sensitive skin". Yes, blame your shoddy work and ill preparation on your client. First of all, why would you need to make multiple passes of the blade if my hair was already short in the first place? and why would you make multiple passes WITHOUT ANY LATHER OR CREAM ON MY FACE?I GET A BETTER SHAVE WITH A CHEAP CARTRIDGE RAZOR AND FACEWASH. I went back up to my room and the irritation was getting worse and new spots of blood were appearing on my face, I then called down to the shop to speak to the manager, and she said she had another call and would get back to me(this was a lie because she obviously went to speak to the woman who gave me the shave). Then she stated the "you have sensitive skin" and then told me that after I've received a service there was nothing I could do. She then told me she would call me back at my room to get back to me. I waited 30 minutes and she never called, nor left a message on my room phone. Why should I even have to wait for a callback in a hotel room on my vacation? Terrible service on all levels. Repeated attempts to upsell expensive extras.
2	Before going to Vegas, I checked out all the prices of the salons. I wanted to get my hair done for my anniversary. Luckily the Flamingos salon was almost the cheapest and the most convenient. Hair cuts were listed at $85 for women. I had just planned on a hair cut, but I got talked into highlights, low lights and a conditioning treatment. They do write up an estimate and have the patron sign it before doing the work. Imagine my shock when my $85 hair cut was listed as $125 (I have ear length hair - wtf), the highlights were $95, low lights were $65 and a conditioning treatment was $15. Yup, total rip off on advertising and real pricing. The stylist actually took the comb she was using on my hair and combed it through her hair (several times) to show me her hair. Then she proceeded to co ntinuemrunning the same comb through mynhair  WTF?! The only positive was that my hair turned put spectacular. This is the only reason it gets two,stars. I  certainly could have had all of these services performed at my local boutique salon for about $150, including tip. Buyer beware.
5	I brought my daughter with me to Vegas for a girls weekend getaway. We stayed at the Flamingo and I wanted to treat her to a girls day. We booked a quick appointment to Alexandra Salon for a manicure and pedicure for the both of us. We had a great time together and the nail technicians were fab. What a fun day we had!
5	I said I wanted to have hair and make up to match my Barbie wedding dress, and I got just that! The lady that did me up kind of reminded me of an older version of Amy Winehouse, but, honestly, tons of respect for this lady, she made me PERFECT on my wedding day.
4	I was looking for a salon that wasn't ridiculously expensive on The Strip but didn't want to find a hole in the wall.  the staff was incredibly nice.  Brenda did an excellent job with my mani and pedi.  For $85 - not a bad price for the strip.  The place was super clean too.
1	They close around 6pm
5	I had an appointment scheduled but came in earlier in between a conference break. Lisa took me right back and helped me find the perfect gold polish. She did a great job on my pedicure in the 35 minutes I had allotted. I wouldn't hesitate to come back.
5	I am a local and my friend was staying @ Flamingo. We both had Pedicures and Gel Manicures, It was a Great Time and Great Job! I recommend this place!
1	I was in a hurry that night and this was the only place I could find that had a walk in available. This place is rundown, dirty and stinking. Even for Vegas, this place is a rip off. And they also try to shamelessly up sell. Desperate and Pathetic!!!I have shoulder length hair, went in for shampoo and styling. It was $95 for that, high for a rundown place like that but was still ok since I didn't have an option. But here is what annoyed me the most though...they charged an additional $10 for conditioning my hair. Not deep condition or anything, 10 bucks for just using a regular conditioner after they shampoo it. Now, I have been to countless salons all over the country and have never had anyone charge extra for applying conditioner when you go in for shampoo and style. And all the while the lady who did my hair, kept very shamelessly pushing for add on services!!! Like trim for $40 or applying make up or facial. It was a terrible experience. Never returning.Please save your money and stay as far away as you can from this place.
3	It was disappointed 30 dollars manicure plus tip Is plenty especially when 4 hours later I had a chip on one of my nails and having my glasses on I notice that the polish didn't cover all my nail I was very angry.i don't mind spending the money a vacation always come with a price but it is horrible that I can go to the 12 dollar manicure places and get a much better manicure that the one I had..it was a dry manicure no water at all ,the massage part was  not longer then 40 seconds and it was only on my hands ...no arms at all.like I said i was disappointed I will not go there again unless I have no other option
1	Went for my bridal hair and makeup and was extremely disappointed! Worst job ever had to go to my room and redue it all myself! The bill came out to be $200 more then what I was quoted because of all the up sale and the employees were very rude and unprofessional!
