1	The regional manager Tina Schreiber is extremely helpful.
1	Just moved out on Sunday November 10th.
1	Where do I start? I am just starting out the second year of my lease, and highly regretting having renewed it in the first place.  I originally moved in December 2011, the unit I was told I was getting and shown, was not the unit I ended up with and when I received my keys I opened the door to an apartment that had not been cleaned after the last tenant.  The previous tenant had left trash, belongings, filth and even moldy food in the fridge.  Honestly, at that point I should have asked that they shredded my lease and looked elsewhere.  They took three days to clean the apartment that they had received a month's notice I would be moving in to, and about three weeks of constant phone calls for basic maintenance requests - leaky faucets, a non-functional oven, screwed up carpet, broken windows with no screens, non-functioning heat, eventually non-functioning cooling, and a refrigerator that wouldn't close tightly.  Many of those items to this day (January 2014) have not been addressed, and I am still constantly requesting maintenance work that never seems to get taken care of.  There have been several (four I think?) management company changes in the year that I have lived here, the most recent to Alliance Residential, which I thought would mean positive change as they are such a large company and perhaps had better financial backing and organization than the last few companies the property owner used.  Was I ever wrong! This newest management change has been by far the worst; I at least felt like the group immediately previous to them actually cared about the tenants and was reachable.  Alliance has simply replaced warm bodies in the office and on the maintenance staff, and the staff really treats this like their job - not our home.  Maintenance requests require angry emails in order to be addressed, sometimes my rent payment goes through their website and sometimes it doesn't - you can be sure though that I'll get hit with the late fees if it's not in by the first, the property is covered in animal feces from lazy dog owners and trash from the homeless people that seem to have free reign over the property, dogs running off leash and defecating on doorsteps, urinating all over the walkways with no one to clean it up, extraordinarily questionable neighbors who "take in homeless boys off the street', and are admittedly unemployed, drunk neighbors stumbling around the property on a regular basis (after coming home at 10am with their daily case of Milwaukee's Best), there is no security to speak of- even when complaints are made you are advised to make repeated police reports versus the management actually looking into constant issues, neighbors leave cat food everywhere to feed the feral cats that roam the neighborhood and are quickly multiplying because of this, and you'll be lucky to be able to use one of 2 washers and dryers for 25 units (and the homeless that come bathe in the sinks and use the units themselves). The units are hastily remodeled, so looking at them is nice, but living in them is another story.  At least one of the pools has not been properly cleaned since Alliance took over in July. There has been sediment in there since monsoon season.  Even the maintenance staff has gone as far as to say that the owner just doesn't want to put the money into his own property.  Sadly, that's obvious.Overall, I would highly recommend against moving into this property.  I only signed my lease again, as I intend to move out of state in December 2014 so the thought of moving into a new address for only a year seemed too much. Again, regretting that decision. If you rely on the website as a guide, you may think you are moving into a trendy central Phoenix property with hip, clean neighbors and maybe getting a community of people you are excited to live near or even become friends with.  The reality is, this is quickly approaching Section 8 territory and the management doesn't necessarily care to change any of that.  What you are actually getting are many filthy, loud neighbors who care even less about where they live than the property managers do.
4	I don't know why this place has bad reviews.  Its an old apartment complex of course its gonna have a few minor issues, its old. I moved in here for the very fact its old, its got character and charm. Everything that has ever broken or needed to be fixed has been, the very day I ask for it to be. If you want a shiny brand new apt move into a shiny brand new apartment.  The floor plans are a great deal for the price. Utilities are low. And I have never had a problem washing my clothes.  You knew when you moved in it had laundry rooms, sometimes you gotta wait or learn to do your laundry at less busy times. Not hard at all. Devon in the office is awesome and she's a wonderful property manager.  You people try running a apartment office and listen to people bitch at you all day long. Its a tough job and she is doing it very well. Thank you Devon;) I love living here and I will continue to do so for sometime.
4	I'm so excited to move into Aura. The place has this great 30 something feel with a great community. The retro modern look of the apts are by far the best in thr area.  You can look other places but you'll come back to Aura at midtown..
5	I've lived in four different states and have dealt with many different management companies running apartments in diverse neighborhoods and not one has provided me with the assistance that Devon has.  I moved into my apartment sight unseen because I needed something quick and was coming from out of state. I needed a great deal of hand holding to say the least but Devon was honest about everything that I would see once I arrive, she even sent me photos once the previous tenants moved out.My experience the past five months at Aura have not been 100% but I'm giving them 5 stars because no apartment complex is perfect.  I live in apartments because I don't want to fix things when they break, and they will break.  I feel like a lot of people's complaints come because they don't understand "Apartments Living"  There is a certain level of patience required when living in such close quarters, people are not always going to get along or have the same level of pride in their homes - we must adjust.  I hate seeing when people don't pick up their dog's mess too but all I can do is make sure the I do my duty and set a good example.  I work in customer service and I understand how difficult (impossible) it is to keep everyone happy all of the time and for that I applaud Devon and the rest of the "Midtown" team.
1	Can't keep the management office open during the hours that are listed on the outside.  Raising rent and now charging for water that everyone has to now pay into, and it is not based on usage, rather it is based on your apartment size and that "portion" is what you pay.  Oh, and you are also paying for them to water the pools and the grass (that has quite a few dead spots).  This owner keeps hiring cheaper and cheaper management companies, but yet our rents continue to rise.  They take months to respond to calls about squatters living in apartments with no electricity and living in filth.  They do not even offer discounts on rent for long-time tenants to renew their lease.  No customer loyalty at all.  Once my lease is up, I will have to leave here.  It was a good complex to live in, but it has become too much of a cash cow for the owner.  The complex, as of the last several years, has remained at 75% capacity or lower.  I have also seen 14+ managers in the 8 years I have been here.
4	My partner and I moved in a little over a month ago and we love it here!  Monique and Michelle are fantastic!  Our apartment was completely upgraded and when we asked them if we could get the bedroom without carpeting, I have asthma and allergies, they accommodated us.  I would recommend Aura to anyone who wants to live in a quiet, clean and beet friendly community.
