2	It brings me no great pleasure to be the first bad review of this place. The thought of a David arising to take on the Goliath corporation has me rooting for this place.Now open for less than a week. I wanted someone to write a glowing review of this place which makes me want to give them another try. To my dismay, no one has come forth with that yet. The issue I had with the product is that their espresso based drinks are not very good. I am not a fan of sugary drinks. I like my coffee to be strong, black, and unmasked. Usually my go to drink is an Americano and prefer it on ice during the summer. When I got my drink, it confused me because it looked like ice tea. When I took a sip, it was clear that it was not very bold. My friend had got a cappuccino and was not happy with it either. When I tried it, it was more like warm milk. Right now they are running a special. If you purchase two drinks, it comes with a pastry. We got a seven layer bar to split. It is good, but too much for one person. This massive bar is dense and rich. It was an enjoyable treat. Besides the typical cafe drinks and snacks, they do sell sandwiches. I didn't take a close look because I had already eaten.The atmosphere is nice. The employees are helpful and friendly. I just wished the coffee was as good as everything else.
5	I have been stalking Sonoma since I first saw the "Coming Soon" sign on my way home from the grocery store. I have been dying for a coffee shop to open up in this location for years! I was so excited to learn last week that they were finally open for business. Of course this excitement was tinged with a bit of sadness as I am pregnant and on a no-caffeine diet for the next few months. My husband is a coffee nut though, so I figured he could go and just tell me all about it. I was very surprised to find that the cafe actually offers a good selection of teas (even non-caffeinated) and smoothies! I was thrilled to try out one of their Stormy Smoothies. It was delicious! My hubby had their White Russian Frappe and I sneaked a quick sip while he wasn't looking. That too was amazing! In my opinion, better than Starbucks. After sneaking some of my hubby's, the White Russian was all I could think about. It was that good! I finally broke down and headed back to Sonoma one afternoon to see if I could get a decaf version. Sure enough they were able to accommodate, making me one very happy pregnant lady! (They also didn't grumble about it either, unlike some coffee chains I've recently visited.)Sonoma not only has great coffee, but great service. That's why they can expect to see me there for the foreseeable future!
4	Very convenient to get to from the southside of town.  Looking for a Starbucks or quick coffee on Blue Diamond?  Not going to find one; besides, Sonoma Cafe is far better.  The food: awesome.  Service: friendly.  Coffee: delish and fresh.  They have a large menu of specialty drinks.  Easy to stop by on the way to the freeway or Target or Albertson's.
5	I love this place! The coffee is so Yummy! I always get the mocha fappe with whipped cream & chocolate on top. They make their own whip cream which tastes way better then Starbucks. I've also had the teas and food which once again Yummy! They are always having deals which I see on their Facebook page.
4	I absolutely love this place, bc their service is consistently good! The coffee is good, and americano is strong enough for me. The reason not 5 stars... Pastry is so so .. Tried different ones not impressed and the waffle not great nor special. The gam cheese croissant is good!
5	Today was my first visit to Sonoma's Coffee Cafe and the experience was very pleasant.  The staff greeted me upon entering and was courteous, efficient and helpful.  The cafe's environment is comfortable, clean and very relaxing.  The coffee is excellent and the heated raspberry date squares are mouth watering; prices are reasonable too. Sonoma's environment is a welcome change from the commotion found in large chain coffee shops. Definitely deserving of the five star rating!
2	I am an expresso drink girl. What a disappointment! The iced mocha was horrible. Could not taste any flavor of coffee what so ever. The triple expresso was very weak in flavor. The prices are very reasonable compared to other coffee shops. You definetly get what you pay for. Will not return to this establishment.
