4	Great desert golf course that plays tough...bring a lot of balls because if you miss the fairway you're going in the desert.  Sanctuary is a very nice course with great views that is resonably priced. However, watch out for wildlife especially rattlesnakes.
4	A little golf today, that's what I needed and that's what I did!Sanctuary has been a favorite of mine for the past few years for several reasons:-It's good test of your golf game...if you aren't swinging the club well, you will find yourself arguing with Mr.& Mrs. RattleS over the possession of your golf ball. You need to be able to hit it a long way and with some accuracy if you play from the tips, but the course opens up to give a comparable but relatively easier test from the forward tees, so a good test for most levels of the game, and;-The course is always in good shape and the greens are usually in really good shape, and;-For the high quality of the course, it's really pretty inexpensive to play. They always seem to have online specials and coupons. That's a great plus when I can't get a buddy to get on at Silverleaf or Whisper Rock or something, and;-Sanctuary has a pretty good practice facility. I always enjoy myself when I go out there because it's not just a driving range. They have short game practice area that gives you the opportunity to create interesting and unusual shots (including a bunker area that allows a bunch of different lies and shots...lots of fun!), and:-Finally, they actually have a pretty decent little cafe. The staff is always pleasant, the food is tasty and better than the usual hot dog or greasy burger that you find a lot of places (although not up to Silverleaf, etc. That would be too much to expect).Go play Sanctuary and take your "A" game.
4	Played out here today for the first time in 2-3 years, but I have played it about a dozen times overall. As the other reviews mentioned, it's a tight course. Even from the tips, though, it's usually short enough where you can leave driver in the bag and hit a fairway wood or iron to get the ball in grass. The course plays more firm and fast than the majority of courses in the valley. That's a good thing if you're hitting it straight, but no bueno when you want to keep your ball from running into the thick desert. My only real negative is this: In the couple of years since I've played the course, much of the vegetation has grown a bit too much. As if the course didn't have enough blind shots from the tee, it's even worse now (at least from the tips). I know it'd be a big project, but they definitely need to do some pruning out there. All in all, I definitely recommend this course especially with their summer specials. The current online special is $29 and you get your choice of lunch, a sleeve of balls, or a large bucket of range balls with that. $20 replay rate, too.
4	As if I didn't have enough hiking in the desert,  I decided to golf Sanctuary.  Unfortunately I picked a rainy, windy, cold day to do so.  Why "unfortunately"?  Because Sanctuary is a narrow desert course - and we looked like drowned rats after the first two holes.  So we decided to sit in the lounge a have a few drinks until it stopped raining.  It turned out to be over two hours.  Consequently, we spent a lot of time on the next 16 holes looking for balls.  I blame it on being cold - the alcohol couldn't have had anything to do with it!!But all in all, a very nice course.  It is target golf, and at times from the tee boxes, the fairway is hidden.  Warning - if a person isn't driving well, then bring lots of balls.  The desert here is very rocky - so if your ball goes off the fairway, you have no idea which direction to look.  They do have a nice practice area.  It includes a putting area, driving range, and bunker/chipping area.  The people working there are very nice, and offered to give us rain checks since we had only played two holes.  We did persevere, and finished all eighteen.  But only with help from the grill - the beverages and food was above average for a golf course, so we did enjoy the rain delay.I would highly recommend this course - it is nearby, a desert target course,  environmentally  conscious,  and fun to play.  Just bring lots of balls, and watch out for rattlesnakes.
4	This was my first time playing this course and is is well maintained. The fairways are narrow and if you don't hit the fairways you'll have a tough time finding your ball. Managed by Troon Golf the service of club handling and friendliness of people working here is good. I liked the carts because they are equipped with GPS and give you accurate yardage to the pin and show the layout of each green. Range balls are included in your golf fees and they have a nice driving range and several practice green and bunkers to sharpen your game. I was paired with a single digit golfer and a 15 handicap golfer which was changelli because it pushes you to play better which I did. Both were from Missouri and we had a enjoyable time bullshitting and playing the course. The greens were slow and not as fast as some of the other courses in the area and the bunkers are deep and challenging to hit out of. We did notice that there weren't any marshalls on the course to watch the pace of play and we had to wait on several holes and fairways throughout the day. I probably would play this course again in the future but for this trip I'll try some other courses.
2	Chad mentioned a couple of years ago that they should do something about the design... Well, they are finally doing so as the design was a nightmare. Phil Mickelson and his agent Steve Loy have purchased the club and it is being redesigned. Will be renamed too: McDowell Mountain Golf Club is the working title. Supposed to open again in October of 2011. Anything done to the course will be a blessing!
