5	This is a very affordable quaint Skin Spa with an adorable selection of reasonably priced clothing to boot!  From facials to waxing to make-up....AWESOME owners (Courtney and Erin)...stop by it's the best kept SKIN SPA secret in Scottsdale!!
4	Excellent!! I would give 5 stars for the service, 5 stars for their pricing and variety of services offered, took one out only for a little smaller space than you would imagine in a typical luxurious spa.Nevertheless, excellent facial and wonderful people. You can completely trust your skin in the hands of these expert and experienced estheticians- I did and my skin has seen superb results! What's more the facials include a nice paraffin dip for softening hands and of course massage for shoulders and arms as well. What also worked the best for me is no one here is the type to say all scary  things about your skin just to be able to sell their products- you get what you need and no pressure to do more than what you want to. Love it- going back for sure!
4	I bought a facial for $30 on www.Doozyofadeal.com and used it the first chance I had. This place is super cute, and Cathy, my esthitician, was a magician! She went well above and beyond some of the other places I've been...my facial included eye brow waxing AND a parafin hand treatment! Cathy explained some ways that I can improve my skin at home and didn't try to sell me on products at all. I hate paying someone to sell crap to me. She even gave me a sample of this funky machine that's a lymphatic cleanse or something that removes impurities from the skin. Overall a great experience...I've already got my next appointment booked!
5	I founs 2 Sisters Skin Spa off Doozy Deal and got a facial/lip/eyebrow wax.  Courtney, one of the owners did my facial/waxing and I have a few great things to say. 1)   Great storefront.  Cute, fun, boutiquey.  Nice way to introduce people to what you're "all about"2) Facial was great...waxing was quick and painless.  Nice job overall on both services.  I'd go back for either or all.3) My favorite part of this experience is that I've done a lot of facials in my time and I realized that right towards the end I start getting that uncomfortable feeling in the back of my head.  Because I know in about 10 minutes, the big sell is about to happen.  I have been given the Aveda skincare pitch at least 10 times...enough, it's annoying!  Just give me my facial and let me leave in peace!  Courtney was great b/c I told her up-front that I used all Philosophy skin-care and she told me at the end "no need to change anything, you have great skin."  Wait, what?  Did I just black out?  You're not going to sell me some $85 cranberry eggplant scrub?  Nope, nothing.  It was a beautiful moment.I would definitely go back to 2 Sisters...very great experience!
3	I must be missing something.  While the overall appearance of this place was cute, the service was slow and messy.  The girl that did my waxing took a very long time and dripped wax in my hair.  And I don't mean the hair I was paying her to remove, I mean the hair on my head.  I was hoping to find a good waxing place for when I am in town, but unfortunately this was not the one.
2	I think I am being generous here.  The place is cute, but I agree with Sari,  the other 3 star reviewer.  Service very slow.  Maybe it was because I had a Doozy deal.  My facial was less than ok.  It started 15 later than my scheduled time, however we ended before 45 minutes were over.  Cathy was my aesthetician and I was not happy with her job.  A very hurried cleansing, then she blobbed an enzyme mask while I got the steam.  The steam was longer than usual.  After that she removed the mask with a very hot towel. after that she put some cream and then she noticed I had "raccoon eyes" so she clean the mascara off and I was on my way.  I know I am not coming back to this place.  I get facials every three weeks.  If you want a great experience, Joan Julian is awesome, a little far since she is in Cave Creek.
5	Love 2 Sister's Skin Spa and the "sisters" are great.  There is always a sister there (Courtney or Erin) and I'm always greeted by warm friendly faces at the front desk.  It's a place to feel comfortable in and I'm there often to get a brow wax, facial, or peel.  No stuffy attitudes here.The boutique in the reception area has really cute outfits and jewelry and is reasonably priced.  There is a whole make-up section where they sell make up or apply it.  I know that lots of ladies get permanent makeup as well (tatoo).   Go get a facial...they're all capable and terrific!
3	I know tons of fellow moms that love this place.  I need to try it again with Courtney or Erin.  When I went, I got Cathy and I felt like I was being beat up and when I left my eye brow hurt.  Later in the day I realized why my eye brow hurt - I got burnt from the wax.  ouch.  I called and talked with one of the owners.  They offered a free eye brow wax next time I come in - but I believe an eyebrow wax is included in their facial (so not particularly a deal).  I am so disappointed that I didn't have a good experience because as I said I know tons of people that love the place.  And, the price is right - a facial is usually $85 other places with no waxing included.  So I give it a 3 hoping that maybe Cathy was having a bad day.
4	I just happened to stumble to 2 sisters as I was getting my coffee  and bagel next door. I walked in and was instantly greeted by a receptionist and told her I want a facial. She booked me for the next day. The day of my appt I'm greeted by all the staff, mind you I'm the first one there. Everything its clean and soo cute...makes you want to buy a new outfit. Courtney tells me she will be doing my facial. I'm super nervous because I haven't had a facial in years and embarrasses with my lack of up keeping on my skin. courtney was so sweet and understanding..so down to earth. She did an awesome job. My skin was so soft and renewed and she didn't butcher my eyebrows and didn't try to sell me anything, in fact she gave me suggestions on some products and make up. As I am also new to scottsdale, she gave me names for hair and child care. I'm totally going back! Nice bonus is the parrafin hand wax...I wasn't expecting that.
5	Love this place so much!I'm a regular customer. I've been going there for about 2 years now. The staff is so friendly! The atmoshpere is a cute, clean little boutique.I would definitely say that this is the best spa in Scottsdale. I would recommend this place to a friend :)
5	so its my second time ever "getting" a facial, 2 sisters spa is a great place, very cozy feel + amazing customer service...Courtney knows her stuff , i had some congestion on my forehead & a couple of zits on the side of my face, zapped rite off, you will leave with your face shinning like a diamond..lol... ps: beautiful new receptionist....
5	Great service, reasonable prices. Courtney did my wax & she's great! Also liked the soft sell approach. She just mentioned that they offer a free brow and lip wax with the purchase of a facial.Very cute inside, almost like a favorite small shop. I will be back!
5	Excellent spa. I had Christine, who is just fantastic! You can tell that she is really knowledgeable as she talks you through the whole process; which is especially great if you're a newbie like me.Christine's specialty is acne, which was what I came in for. Granted, I don't have terrible acne, my main issue being blackheads. But I've been so fed up with going to multiple dermatologists and all I get is a five to ten minute visit and a sample of some chemical to try on my face. Anyway, if you're going after a relaxing facial this is not your thing, because Christine is there to get s--- done. She got every single one of my blackheads out. Haven't seen that face this clear since I was younger. Also, the prices here are very affordable for the quality of service you're getting. Highly recommend!
5	2 Sisters Skin Spa is a very cute and stylish spa located in north scottsdale. My main reason for going there was to visit one of my friends Christine! She's been wanting to help take care of my skin since I've met her and I finally caved. Christine preformed the spa's specialty facial and described the process every step of the way. Her knowledge was very informational and kept me comfortable knowing what she was doing the whole time. This being my first facial I had no idea what to expect but she did an excellent job explaining all details. Her speciality being acne she had lots of useful tricks, products and tools to suggest to help keep from breakouts and blackheads. I can't wait to see her again.  This spa is very reasonably priced and e service being excellent. Thanks Christine and 2 Sisters Skin Spa!
5	I take my brows VERY seriously. Actually, I take eyebrows in general VERY seriously. They really make the face. Have you ever seen someone that has everything necessary to be considered conventionally attractive, and something is just a little off about them? It's probably their eyebrows. I'm happy eyebrows are finally getting the attention they've always deserved, if only because now strangers don't give me weird looks when I praise them on their brow game. They understand and appreciate the gravity of the compliment.As important as my brows are to me, I haven't been super selective about who I let near them with hot wax.  My brows follow a pretty defined line and are kind of hard to screw up, so thankfully there have not been any casualties.  However, until going to 2 Sisters I didn't realize that no casualties does not necessarily equal an amazing job, and the ladies here have always done an amazing job. I haven't had any other services (yet) but was just perusing their menu of services and noticed that a $40 facial COMES with a free brow wax (normally $12) and lip wax (normally $8) . Since I already come in for the brow wax and who couldn't use a lip wax every once in a while, the facial is basically free (spa math), so I'll be taking advantage of that next time.Definitely recommend 2 Sisters for brows. The atmosphere is better than any other place you'd go and spend less than $20 and they really do a great job.  Plus, next time I see you in public I might randomly compliment you on your brow game so you have that to look forward to. 5 Stars!
