3	The first time I had food from this place it was brought to me at home. I tasted the lasgna and almost puked, it was a very bad reaction to the sauce. We have been back several times since. I enjoy the pizza and on occasion spaghetti as well as the salads. Not having had a bad reaction to any of these other foods we continue to patronize Sabatinos.
5	Pizza, Pasta, great people, great food, and the "Shwings", Sabatino's is one NOT to be missed!!Kevin & Sherry are great people/owners and do a great job, have quality in their food which you certainly can taste!
5	Pizza, Pasta, great people, great food, and the "Shwings", Sabatino's is one NOT to be missed!!Kevin & Sherry are great people/owners and do a great job, have quality in their food which you certainly can taste!(Maybe Michael L was having a bad day... never had that issue after eating but things do happen.)
4	I had a craving for buffalo wings so I gave Sabatino's a try. Lunch specials are cheap! 6 wings and a Caesar salad for $7. The salad was ok but way too much Parmesan cheese, usually I complain that  restaurants don't put enough on! The wings were good wings, hot and messy with tons of hot sauce, maybe a tad too much, but i guess excess is their style.Service was nice, friendly and efficient.
3	Pizza and wings are pretty good although a little over-priced.  Salad not so good.  Nice atmosphere and good service.
4	Sadly received this email today:Sabatinos is ClosedYou know we have been experiencing a lack of sales which we can blame on the economy, new restaurants opening here in the valley (most likely for much less cost than us original places), we tried to work with our landlord, but he would not budge on lowering our rent. We just could not afford the 5500.00 this month and were afraid we would lose everything in our place to a Lockout, which was threatened to us already.We just wanted to say goodbye to all of our loyal customers, we really enjoyed having you come in weekly and keeping up with your lives as well as you keeping up with ours. We will probably be leaving the Az area and starting over fresh. God Bless Kevin and Sheri
