5	Holy Cow.  I am impressed.  Yes, I know its "just a Dennys."  Go ahead, make fun. But, I actually loved the staff here.  I went to this Dennys location for the first today, and had the warmest, friendliest experience.  I was greeted, seated, and ordered within minutes!  I sat at the bar, which I didnt mind doing at all.My server was so attentive.  The staff here is good looking too.  the guys that work here make eating here half the fun.  Cute, cute cute!   For a good Dennys experience, this location is a must do.  Did I mention this place is open 24 hours??  BONUS!!!  Plus, its right near the expressway!  Its kind of hidden a little by some hotels, but you can still easily see it from the road!
3	Went here early in the morning and it was pretty good.  The waitress was awesome and very friendly.  I give it three stars because Denny's food is A-Ok.  Nothing amazing.  But I still love this place.
2	This Denny's is dirty and hit or miss on the service.  Really needs a remodel and new management.  I dont expect a lot from Denny's in the first place so...
5	I have to agree with another reviewer, you think it's only Denny's! Well I have to say that for a Denny's this one has their stuff together for the most part. Food is good, consistent. Staff is friendly, accomodating, makes suggestions and is right on top of keeping your coffee cup filled. I have been in on a couple of occasions and night staff is equally as friendly and even customized a few request for me. Only suggestion I have is that they do need to get the stool over by the breakfast area replaced sometime soon. This has been broken for over a yr without replacement so you can only seat three at the breakfast nook. either replace it or get rid of breakfast nook all together and put in some tables. Other than this they are doing a great job! Don't forget you can call ahead and get take out too.
1	As stated by several other reviewers the wait staff is good, especially Jenny. However, as also stated by several the store is kind of old and dingy and really needs a refurbishment. But what this store really needs is management that doesn't have a cranial rectal insertion problem. The most recent on his part is the change in acceptance of the 'free meal after ten stamps' program with no notice and no effective by date. When asked about it he informed me "I put it up and no consideration to the fact that I had two cards ready to be used. The equivalent of forty meals purchased considering I always have at least one person with me. Just bad customer service IMHO!Won't be back till this store has new management.
1	This Dennys refuses to participate in corporate specials advertised on tv and email.  Even after showing the coupon to the manager she refused to honor it.  Save yourself some frustration: go to a different Dennys.
1	DON'T EAT AT THIS DENNY'SI came here a few times this last month during morning hours. The crowd was minimal, and staff was quick however the place was dirty. I also found a thick curly black hair in my scramble. I had to spit it out and it ruined my appetite. I told the waitress she said she was sorry. When it came for the check the meal was not even discounted! I asked for the manager. The manager who looked like "Gomez" (Adams family) said he didn't know that could have happened... and was not very apologetic. What a ignorant manager, if a customer ever finds anything inappropriate in the meal they serve should as least be comp'd for the whole meal or at least half price. I will NEVER patronize this PIG PEN EVER AGAIN!!!
