5	I saw my first VYT production today and I was blown away by the talent in the musical!  The quality of the acting, singing, set design, costumes, and music was pretty impressive.  The name of the show I saw was "13," and unfortunately for you, I believe tonight was the last performance here locally...There must've been close to thirty teenagers (or almost teenagers) that starred in the show.  They all had amazing energy and despit being almost three times their age, I enjoyed the show and so did the two friends I saw it with!Josh Hedeby of Desert Vista High School had the lead role in this show as Evan and he was fantastic!  Seeing this play took me back in time to my middle school years for a couple of hours, and while it was fun - I'm happy to be where I am now!  However, I'd happily return to support VYT for future productions, and you should too!VYT is supported by the Phoenix Office of Arts and Culture and the Arizona Commission on the Arts with funding from the State of Arizona and the National Endowment for the Arts.  They offer theatre classes for kids from age 3 - 17, and this is their 21st year in existence.  I hope they will be around for many years to come!
5	At the outset, let me start this review by noting that I am biased--very biased.  I am on the VYT Board of Directors and have been since 2010.  However, prior to that, I had very little experience with VYT and its programs.  Simply put, I think the organization, its mission and its product are fantastic.In addition to producing quality theatre (theatre by kids, not necessarily just for kids), VYT provides personal growth, team building andtime management skills to the young people involved in each production.  There are a host of other programs that VYT also provides.  Go check out a show.  I dare you to be unimpressed.
5	Great for families the place was clean and the play was 5 stars I want to see it again!
5	I went to the Valley Youth Theater to see a performance of Snow White.  I haven't been to a play since I graduated high school and those were just school plays.  The theater was small, but I loved that because it made it so much easier to see the stage.  The stage was set up better than I had expected.  There were large trees set up for the background of the stage and a cute vanity set up to the left of the stage.  We were given a booklet that had pictures and information about the characters in the play and since most of them were of high school age or younger, I really wasn't expecting an amazing performance.  I knew it was a youth theater, of course, but I wasn't sure what to expect performance-wise.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The Queen came on first and her costume was beautiful.  She sparkled from head to toe with her crown and her sparkly dress.  I am not usually a big fan of musicals.  Again, I know this was a play, as well as a musical.  However, I did not mind the musical performances, at all.  The Queen's voice was fantastic and I loved hearing her sing.  She also made her lines so fun - she used a lot of hand movements and giggled; I'm sure the kids in the audience were enjoying her animated performance.Next up was Snow White.  She also had a very lovely voice and her singing was awesome!  While I loved the Queen's performance, I would say my favorite characters were the seven dwarfs.  They were such cute little kids with fake beards and raggedy clothes.  There was one little boy in particular that played the role of Fred (Bashful) and he was too adorable!  He's only in second grade, which blew me away!  I was a little peeved at first that the play took a whole new twist with the story line, but in the end, I think it was very clever and well put together.  They are performing Peter Pan in June and I'm already making plans to take my nieces to see it.
5	I am a senior adult with a BFA in drama and theatre and many, many years experience performing in and directing plays and musicals--over 50!  My wife and I were visiting the Phoenix area for two weeks, and decided to give VYT a try as they were presenting "Peter Pan," a special favorite that we have seen many times (I even have sung the role of Captain Hook in the late 80's!)   First of all, the venue, The Herberger Center, was magnificent--not many youth theatre companies have a venue like that to perform in.  But the biggest surprise of all was the quality of the production.  I guess we were expecting a children's theatre-level show, but...the costumes, sets, make-up, wigs, choroeography, musical direction, direction, and techinical aspects were all of the highest professional quality.  The cast was incredible--especially the three groups:  the pirates, the Indians and the Lost Boys.  Captain Hook was terrific, althoiugh not as believable in the opening and closing scenes as Mr. Darling.  Peter was energetic although not vocally outstanding, but fine.  Michael was especially outstanding, as were many of the Lost Boys.  We were very pleased that we had spent an evening with these amazing professional kids--what a treat!  Don't miss it if you have time to catch it before it closes, but their next show, "West Side Story" has been cast and promises to be just as professional.
