5	My family and I ate here after a killer work out at CrossFit Mesa. I am the owner of the gym and a big part of my coaching is giving healthy eating advice to my clients. I was very pleased to learn that the Mesa Grill Co. Had an amazing menu that allowed my family and I to enjoy a healthy Paleo meal in a nice burger joint setting. The owner informed me that all the menu items could be made in salad form to avoid any grain or beef could be substituted with a 6oz chicken breast. The nice thing is that these options are on the menu, their not just winging it it's a menu that has been thought out!We will be regulars at Mesa Grill Co. As long as they continue to serve awesome healthy food!
5	A Hidden Gem!! I stopped in for lunch and was very impressed by the menu as it had many "favorites". So I went with the all beef hot dog w/fries for a quick lunch and was super impressed that it came freshly prepared on a slightly toasted bun with hot shoe string fries. I will be back!
5	The staff are friendly the food is excellent. Burgers, chicken, steaks and more; hot, delicious and freshly cooked to order.  Worth the visit.
3	This place is open for breakfast on the weekends even though the yelp page says its closed. Nice relaxed atmosphere pleasant service this morning. food was fair
5	Great food at really reasonable prices very clean. Mesquite fries are amazing.  I don't think many people know about this place but they should.  One of my favorite places to grab lunch.  Love that the owner is usually there.  Love even more that he recognizes me and strikes up conversation with me.  The American Classic burger is the best burger I have found in the East Valley, and for $6 you can't beat it.
5	Great pastrami sandwich and mesquite fries.
4	Love this place!  Nothing fancy but a clean place with a fantastic menu, steaks, chicken, hamburgers, hot dogs, lettuce wraps, rice bowls, all kinds of sandwiches both hot & cold, great salads.  Now serving breakfast too. Give it a try!
5	YUM! I'm a big fan of their Bellagio restaurant and then they made this place, and some days on my lunch break I can't even decide which one to go to now! It's even open for breakfast now so I can take my kids on weekends. The menu is really vast which I like since I can be indecisive, but I love their lettuce wraps and sandwiches. Definitely a keeper for this area, I love that it is a local business, too. You won't be disappointed here!
4	I am extremely excited to see another restaurant in Mesa, since there are so few, and a GOOD one at that. My husband and I frequented this spot for dinner and breakfast and have never been disappointed. The food is always made fresh from scratch and the staff is always extremely pleasant. The prices are right, the portions are great and its never overly crowded so youre able to get a seat and hold a conversation. We recently had to move to Phoenix for both of our jobs so Im bummed we wont be able to frequent this spot as often, however, we purchased several gift cards for our family members so they'll start going in our absence! I really hope that Mesa residents dont let this good spot go to waste!!!!
5	LOVE this place. I have yet to be disappointed with anything I've tried. Try the mesquite fries.
2	Nice folks, mediocre food at best
3	Not bad, not great.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.  They have the resources to make a GREAT breakfast joint, but they aren't doing it.
1	Well below average. No napkins on the table... Warm orange juice, and the food was just below average. Good location for our family, but there are better choices, including most of the east mesa fast food joints. Service was poor.
4	Pretty good food, I usually always order Great Nate's BBQ burger,  I love the way they toast the bun and their food is always fresh.
5	F-N Awesome!!! Gf had a mushroom cheese burger..awesome! I had the "Going Green" chicken sandwich.. Moist and delicious.. Mesquite fries are the bomb! Cool atmosphere and nice people!! A definite thumbs up! For all you complainers stick to your Burger King.. Apparently your palate is more accustomed to mediocrity..
5	Wow, Im a sandwich, sub, & steak person and this place is incredibly delicious. This is my first time here. Staff very friendly & gave us a free mesquite fries to try, love the food. Felt very comfy & inside the place is well designed, cant wait to try eating outside. Will be a returning customer very satisfied.
2	This place, you'd think, would be a quick and easy lunch spot, but between placing our order and receiving our food, caterpillars turned to butterflies... The staff was very much not cut out to be in the service industry. Zero personality at the register. Once we did get our food, it was so salty, it couldn't be finished.
4	Have to say this place was pretty good. Met a freind there for lunch. Was a little busy as I'm sure because it was the weekend. But service was fast and food was very good. I'd got the Mushroom burger and it was delicious. Right up there with Red Robins version. I will be back.
2	The food was good, the tables were dirty and the service was sub-par.The counter help didn't seem to want to be there. We were charged $2 each for drinks and they did not have iced tea (neither of us drink soda or sugary drinks so we each had a $2 tap water, oh boy!The food was good though and made just like we asked. I still wont go back after this visit though, there are many other way better places to visit in this area.
3	This place had decent food, I got the burger with fries and a drink. Customer service was kind of cold and unfriendly... Strange vibe. Also, they wouldn't accept the coupon from Yelp. I enjoyed the meal, but it was pretty overpriced. All in all, not terrible, but probably won't come back.
3	Just had lunch here today and I'm giving it 3 stars, not for the food because it was great (ordered the turkey and spinach panini) but for the lack of cleanliness. Normally this restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly. Today there were no napkins in several of the containers, no lids for the soda cups, and the tables were dirty. Maybe they're not doing well financially, there was only one person working? I'll come back for the food but next time I might get it TO GO!
5	I think I found burger nirvana. I was pretty skeptical with all the reviews, but it was really close to work and a pretty slow Friday so I thought I'd check it out. I am so glad I did!  I went in at around 11am and it looked like the place was just opening up.  It was pretty empty inside, which was good because I did get to talk to the lady taking my order for a bit. She was really nice and was very helpful in helping me decide between two of the burgers I was debating on trying. I ended up ordering the Blue Burger, some Mesquite fries, and a drink. Once I sat down, the place started to slowly fill up. When the food came out, it was really nicely presented with just the right amount if seasoned fries. The burger tasted amazingly fresh, definitely no frozen or pre-cooked patties here, and it had just the right amount of zing from the blue cheese. The fries also didn't disappoint... They were crispy with not too much seasoning. To sum it up: the food was amazing and the staff seemed friendly and willing to answer questions if you had any. It was a great experience all around and I'll definitely be back again.
1	I am not sure if I went on a bad day. The burger was raw. The fries are really long and almost too thin so if they are overcooked it has the texture of potato chips. Half the tables where full and the other half was dirty. They did offer to cook another hamburger but I was already running late to an appointment.
2	The food is alright. The service could be better. I like the new cook from philly, but the rest of the people working had no clue what was going on. Got the food to go, and there was no to go items anywhere. The cash register worker handled someone with a mis charge for 10 minutes before helping any other customers. I will go back, but sometimes you have to realize when its time for some new employees that know what is going on!
4	When I want a burger I try to avoid chains, so we thought we'd give this place a try.  This place was pretty good - not the best burger in town, but definitely worth a visit. Aside from a good burger, we appreciated the fresh fruit we were able to get for our toddler (even if she did break the bowl). We'll be back.
3	food was good but we were the only people in there and the service was bad and took 20 mins to get our burgers to our table
5	The Mesa Grill Co has changed into the Mesa Sports Grill.  I have to say that it was a terrific change.   It now has a huge bar on one side and seating and a few pool tables on the other.   12 TVs in the bar area alone!   Our server (Tori) was fantastic!  She completely explained the menu and the specials.  Inexpensive drinks and food.  They have 32 oz drafts for $4.50 (domestic) and $5.50 (import and micro).  The only glitch was that the food took a little while to come out.   Not sure if that was due to a large party going on in the other side or not.  In any case, the owner noticed it right away and got after it.  The result was an outstanding green chile chicken sandwich and a very good cheese steak.  It seems like the old food selections are still around, but the ambiance is completely different.   Much more lively and fun. And of course they have a full bar now.   The owner mentioned that they get their chicken from Midwestern meats - so no wonder it was so good. I suspect that most of their meats come from there (if you haven't tried Midwestern Meats do so!). All in all we had a great experience and will go back. It's such a welcome change to have a great sports bar in that location.   And having a bar right across from an airport seems to make sense... sort of.
4	Love this place. Amazing food. You can tell the people who cook love what they do. They have one of the best hamburgers of all time, no joke. Its their bbq burger I think its called the Daves Burger but just too frickin good. Amazing mesquite flavor in the sauce. Also they have this superb mequite seasoning they can put on the fries which you have to try. We go there in the morning and have them put it on the hashbrowns. Food is an easy 9 or even 10/10. I hear they opened the place up more and added a bar. I haven't been there to see it yet but the beer was a little warm before so I'm hoping wtih a new bar they solved that issue and added some turbo taps. Excellent place though.
3	Went with my husband and some friends tonight it was pretty good.  Since we had never been we decided to get the cheesesteak and the cashier suggested a green chicken sandwich (?). It had green chile, chicken, cheese and A yummy sounding sauce I think chipotle?  It was a few hours ago and it was that forgettable.  I sat down, cut my sandwich in half and gave one to my husband and started chatting.  Later I realized I had two halves of my sandwich (one bite into one).  I tried to switch halves again and he tried to deny that we were sharing.  His cheesesteak was a good sandwich, mine he said tasted like boiled chicken, like subway chicken that has grill marks but not real tasty.  Fortunately I wasn't really hungry.  I would go back if friends wanted too, it was clean and nice inside, good prices, but I wouldn't get that sandwich again.
