2	So so local dive bar with grumpy bar tenders. If you want cheap booze and don't mind getting your food from a take-out window attached to God knows what...then this could be your place!We where a party of 20 and God forbid somebody should ever come and ask if we needed a drink. 2 zillion bar and grills in Vegas, not sure why I would go back to this one!
5	I've been here a few times. Last night it was their Halloween party everyone was dressed up in their costumes, I'm pretty sure they'll be celebrating all the way till Monday night.  The place and parking lot was packed.  There was music, drinks, and excellent service. Watched the ending of some of the football games. Who doesn't love neighborhood bars. Like most quite during the day, there's the regulars, occasional gambler on the machines, someone enjoying a drink after work or just hanging out, eating some food from Express Pizza, watching TV.  If you ever come here during the day or when it's slower, you'll probably notice how nicely decorated it is, clean, square structures over the bar area, nice tiles on the wall and floor, tables and seats, lots of flat screens TV throughout, well stocked bar. They have pretty good drink specials and karaoke night but I forgot which days they were, I'll updated.  They also have those regular bar games.
4	Nice and dark.  And good service.  And to boot the machines are a little loose.
5	Best place to go for a quick drink and bar food! Friendly staff!
3	This was not the most cheerful place.  A few of us stopped by for a drink after dinner, and we were the only ones talking.  The other patrons were looking depressed while playing their video poker machines, and the bartender seemed helplessly trapped behind the bar, with a glimmer of hope in his eyes that he got to talk to other human beings, if only for a moment.  I may be exaggerating, but the truth is that none of us felt like it was a happy place to be.  I also felt like the bartender was making up drink prices on the spot; two people got beers, two got mixed drinks, and I got a whiskey on the rocks; five drinks were $6 each, and he gave one of the girls their drink for free.  When we each asked what he owed, his eyes wandered and eventually he settled on $6.  It was like he was reaching into the depths of his memory, trying to remember how to use numbers.In the end, I'm thinking the place was A-OK because of my drink price.  I got a Maker's 46 for $6, which would easily go for twice as much at other bars.  I just don't know if it'll be $6 again if I ever end up here in the future.
2	Bounty Hunter is what most would categorized as a neighborhood bar that caters to the locals.  It is surprisingly large, with plenty of seats and the bar is pretty big and has plenty of gambling stations to keep plenty of patrons occupied.  I am sure it could be a really fun place to hang out sometimes, given the right combination of factors.  However, that was not the general impression our group had on a recent impromptu visit.I don't smoke and only put up with cigarette and cigar smoke if I really have to, so upon walking up to the door and already getting that old stale cigarette smell wafting out into the pleasantly cool fall Las Vegas night, I was already struck with a negative impression of the place (even before actually stepping inside).The fact that it was dark, eerily quiet, oozes the sense of gloom and attracting just 2 other "regulars?" (that seems to just wanted to be left alone to their misery) left me with the thought that this could be the muggle's version of The Hog's Head (with even less customers and distasteful muggles technology).The bartender wasn't too pushy (good) and made drinks that others felt like was a good value is the only reason this even earned a 2 stars impression.  Heck, if it is anything like The Hog's Head (out of the Harry Potter universe) stocked with its more disreputable clientele it might just be interesting enough to be a fun place to hang out. In the end, however, it just felt like a place sheltering us briefly and not very effectively against the overwhelming gloom and depression of an army of dementors floating outside.
2	This place was dead when we came here after dinner. I've never been to a bar that seemed like a library with how quiet it was despite the background music. It was just a few patrons minding their own business, the bartender and crickets.We had beer and cocktails. I wasn't sure if we were supposed to pay before or after we got our drinks. The bartender was messing with me when I showed him my ID...it was quite an odd moment. Some paid $6 or more for their drinks, mine were free. Ok...thanks but how much do I really owe? "Don't worry about it, it's on me", said the bartender.We left and the bar was back to being a ghost town. Weird vibe.
1	Walked into this place, did the tour, and walked right back out.Machines, smokey, no beers on tap, and just a generally uninviting atmosphere. No one bothered to comment as I passed through, left and headed to Steiners a mile away. No thanks.
1	After drinking and paying, I was simply kissing my boyfriend and the owner kicked us out. The food sucked, it took for ever, they weren't nice. How the heck this place is still open ? I don't understand the positive review for this. Probably bought or fake ... Just avoid that place ...
2	Horrible service the bar tender" if that's what u call him" took forever to bring me a drink, by the way I was the only one there. Food might have been microwaved. Not sure if I will b back. I guess fantasy football is more important than customer service.
1	One star tells ya all you need to know. Occasionally there is a good band but most of the time this place is just another smokey bar.
