2	I used to be a real gym rat.  6 days a week, 4 hours a day.  Hey, going amateur body builder takes a lot of work.  Too much really.  As I became a husband, and now father, those aspirations are gone but I still like a good gym and got tired of paying the high prices for the YMCA.  Golds became Peak, Peak became ZX, who knows where ZX is going to go but here we are.ZX in Matthews is a quite spacious gym, originally a selling point was a climbing wall that never was realized and I'm still disappointed by that.  The bathrooms are adequate but I don't feel as comfortable cleaning up here as I was other gyms.  Not quite sure why that is.The equipment is about a decade or so old.  I've been to gyms out of our area that have modern equipment and I am amazed at how this budget gym has stuck with things out of the late 90's early 00's that really need to be refreshed.  This is a sticking point that is growing greater and greater each year.  I understand it's a cost thing but at some point you want to have an upgrade path and I for one want new equipment.The staff is friendly but a bit disconnected.  When you see someone slinging weight around or mal-handling equipment staff should be helpful on getting people on track and they for the most part do not seem to be so inclined.  At one point they were canvasing the gym constantly for training signups but that seems to have been relaxed--it was an annoyance for a while.  I'm no longer certified by I was a personal trainer.It's clean and they have what you need to get the job done for a budget price.  Could be better, could be worse.  Wish they'd reinvest more, but you get what you pay for.
2	I could go on and on about the ZX franchise itself, and how much I despise it... but I'll just stick to this gym specifically.  I have been with ZX/Peak for years now, switching from Concord to Harrisburg, to University, and now Matthews is the most convenient location for me.  My first impression of this location is that it is huge, obviously, but I was disappointed with the way they utilize their space.  The group fitness room is huge, which I like, but the spin room is tiny and quite uncomfortable.  This especially sucks when the air conditioning is broken, as it was for most of this entire past summer, and I had to leave early several times to avoid completely overheating.  The machines are super old, and broken down half of the time, and if I could possibly make any more noise running on a treadmill I'd be surprised. I never see people cleaning them, and after getting a staph infection in early January (I am almost positive it is from this gym) I am especially cautious.  The only reason I still keep my membership at this gym is that a- It is dirt cheap and b- I absolutely LOVE the Group Power and Group Ride classes.  Between these two classes alone I am in the best physical shape of my life.  The only downside, of course on the gym's part, is that on several occasions I have come in and the sound equipment was not working for the classes so it was cancelled, and the spin room has several broken bikes that they refuse to fix. I won't even go into how obnoxious the colors of the gym are, you feel like you are working out in a bag of skittles. Needless to say I have now joined the Y since they are now a lot more flexible with membership fees and I very rarely choose ZX over them.   I think it is just a matter of time before this place shuts down, or ZX goes down completely just like it's previous aliases.
3	I go to this facility usually 3 nights per week at about 2am and love it. Its jot crowded at all, usually having about 3-5 people in it. I can have the basketball court to myself I wanted and move freely through workout stations.
4	I come to this gym 3-4 times a week. So far I've lost 13 pounds, yay!I love their sauna for sure. It's so relaxing before you start working out. It warms up your muscles.For the ladies, they have a "private" gym if you just want to be by yourself or with a friend. It's right outside the women's bathroom. I really love that touch.Let me start with a few areas first.-The racket ball room is quite fun. My fiance and a bunch of his co workers used to meet up every Sunday, but now Zx has completely omitted buddy passes. What a huge let down. They're gonna lose alot of business that way unfortunately.-The arm and leg machines are good. You can train plenty of different muscles because they have so much equipment. They also have a basketball court if you're into that as well.-They have 2 trainers (I believe). I don't see a trainer, but one of my friends does. From what she has said, they work you really hard! -They have a ton of cardio machines. Ellipticals, Bikes, Stairs (even though one machine works), and a ton of treadmills. Unfortunately though, a good amount are out of order.-If you have kids, they have a child care center Mon-Thurs 4-4:30 - 7. -They have a really big dance room. I tried taking the Ab/Fighting class every Sunday, but the guy used to kill me! It's really tough if you're not in shape.I highly recommend going here. The price every month is good, but just keep in mind no more buddy passes.
1	This gym was formerly Energy Fitness and I was a member of Energy for almost two years and while it was decent in the beginning, it definitely went downhill when ZX took over in August 2013. I'm currently posting this review because I've had nothing but a horrible experience since ending my gym membership. The reason I ended my membership was because I moved out of state. When you end your membership you are required to give a 30 day notice, which is fine. I ended my membership on the 23rd of a month, therefore I would be charged for the following month's fee because of the 30 day notice. That's fine. However, I was charged for the next two months memberships as well, and after fighting with the people at Energy, as well as the company which handles the finances, I've yet to get refunded. I attempted to contact managers and when I left messages, they did not contact me back. The finance company told me the gym not not submit my paperwork completely and they would contact them to get the paperwork resubmitted so I could be refunded. It's been two weeks, and still no refund (and I've since been charged again). I'm extremely frustrated and am now out $50. I just want my money refunded. This gym was pretty decent while I was a member, but I've lost l respect for the company because their customer service is terrible. Beware that if you join this gym and then end your membership keep tabs on them to make sure they submit the paperwork.
