4	The house of smokes carries one of the best hookah selections in town.  Here you can get all your shisa, hoses, coals, and hookah pipes as well.  They carry a huge selection of hand blown glass and other smoking accessories.  Less, the owner, is very friendly and personable.  He has some great prices and is willing to work with bulk buyers and regular customers.
5	Smoke shops pretty much are a dime a dozen, all seem to be the same looking place in a strip mall somewhere, it is the people that make the difference and the people here get 5 StarsLes and Pua run the place and they always have a smile and a smart comment when I go see them.  I think mostly my fault because as a person from another country I confused Les (Arab decent) with being Jewish, and will flash this witty piece of ignorance often in conversation.  And Les just smiles and is nice.  Pua often confuses me with an Australian which just makes the friendly jibs even better.They make and import their own Hookah products and while this is not my thing have people come in from all over Vegas who are into it.  For me since Hookahs are found every where this is an impressive feat, that people drive across town to buy their products.If your a regular (don't tell them I said this) and forgot your money, you still get what your after and drop the money in the next time, something given the little profit on Cigs is a nice quality I think.Another thing I have found great is they are first to tell me when the price drops which is does seem to do alot with my brand.  I have recently stopped smoking but still make calling in on my morning walk a daily event, Strange and a little sad that a morning chat with folks in a smoke shop can start the day off nice - but alias it does.  Think this says as much about how great they are as it does i should really get out more
5	My girlfriend and I were in Las Vegas for a week so we decided to look up some smoke shops where we were staying. So I looken up smoke shops on our phones using yelp. I came across House of Smokes and all the reviews I read were positive. So we decided to give them a shot. I walked in and saw everything a person could ever want. we started to talk to the owners in there and they were professonal and down to earth. We were looking at the bubblers and then I noticed they had a vaporizer that looked just like the volcanoe. They told me that they would give it to me out the door for $280 plus they would throw in the bubbler i was looking at which was $40. I said ok its a deal. Then we proceed to talk we talked for about a half hour. Then they said they would sell the vaporizer for $300 plus throw in the bubbler($40) a grinder($35) and these ziplock bags that cover smells they gave us 4 bags which i would  assume they are about $5 a piece not sure just guessing. I would highly recommended these guys for everything smoke related. Plus these guys are really friendly and out there to work with you. Another thing i saw this big burrito that just looked awesome that they were eatting and they told me where to go get that bad boy. The burrito tasted just as good as it looked. I cant say enough about these guys. Just go see them you wont be dissapointed.
5	BEST SMOKE SHOP, EVER- owned by great people!My boyfriend & I have been to TONS of places in Nevada & California...but nowhere else has the kind of selection that Les has, not to mention- the prices! Seriously, the best glass in Las Vegas- by far.
5	This place is legit.  Whether your a first time smoker or an everyday toker, this is the place to be.  Tons of goodies, top of the line multi-perc stuff, to the cheaper basic stuff. Huge selection and  Great prices  Tons of hookah acc, and tobacco too.  Finally found a place I will go back to.  Oh yeah, the people workin there are chill as hell too, Nice work on the shop Les, Peace
5	This is by far THE best tobacco shop in all of Las Vegas! I work at Paymon's Hookah Lounge so I smoke a lot of hookah and I get all of my tobacco from this place. Not only is everyone that works there cool, but this is the only smoke shop that I know of that carries Fumari hookah tobacco which is my all-time favorite. I'm in there every week and I get a warm welcome every time I walk in. I won't go to any other smoke shop. This is it. :)
5	House of Smokes might be the best smoke-shop in town. Les and his crew are friendly, and respectably knowledgeable about their products. Unlike most salespeople, his advice has been vindicated by what I already know, and I now don't hesitate to act on it. They have a solid selection of quality goods, which can be nearly impossible to find in most competing establishments around town. And especially when it comes to hookah, there isn't a better place in Vegas you can shop. They'll sell you a solid pipe at a fair price, and give you all the help you need both before and after the purchase. I live in the neighborhood now, and I gladly stop in here frequently. Don't waste your time at other places,.
5	This place is my favorite smoke shop ever.  The owner is just down to earth and friendly.  He makes and effort to know his customers, and have small chit-chat whenever he can.  This place is sooooo legit, the guy knows his stuff.  What you should buy, and what's good.  I always get great customer service whenever I walk in, and most of the times I leave with the flavor I want to get. (*MINT CHOCOLATE CHILL!! OMG, best flavor ever!*)  If you're ever on the south side of town and need flavors.  Head down to this place, you won't regret it!
5	Love House of Smokes! Great selection, friendly & knowledgable staff, one of my favorite stores to go to!
5	This is the best smoke shop in town! The owner Les is funny, always joking around with the customers and making sure all their needs are met. If you don't understand how something works, he will take the extra time to fully explain and show you how to use the product. We smoke hookah and this is the only place I'll go for my supplies. They always have a great varitey of flavored tobacco products that are more reasonably priced than others around the valley. I've never had a bad experience here...Also - Les and friends just opened a new, local hookah lounge. Check out Sitara on Silverado Ranch and Bermuda. Best hookah prices in town!! Blows Nu Sanctuary, Almaza and Laziza out of the water. It rocks!!
5	Les is the best! i come in knowing for sure he'll take good care of me. He also has a great sense of humor, and talks to you like you're a long time friend. They have everything you need there, and is known to have a shipment of everything you need. It's just such a fun little shop. You come in greeted nicely and you'll see the usual, the boys in the corner smoking hookah and playing video games. Starbuzz, Al Fakhers, ZOB bongs, Chronic coal, ect. He's got it. Great place!
5	If need supplies for your hookah this is the place to go.  These people have the best quality in town...
5	Since I frequently visit my friends in Vegas, I've been here 5-10 times now. I basically hit it up every time I am in town and drop $50-$100 each time. Never had a bad experience. They carry EVERYTHING from Starbuzz, Al Fahker, Fantasia, Fumari, and Haze (a relatively new line of tobacco). They always have some great recommendations, and the last time I was there, the guy gave me a bunch of tips on how to properly pack a bowl. The staff is super friendly and if you become a regular, loyal customer, they will treat you very well. If I lived in Vegas, I wouldn't shop anywhere else. In fact, I probably have probably spent more here than any hookah supply store in California.
5	my boyfriend has beeen coming here for years & introduced me to les a few months ago & then i met alll the other workers there . i don't even have to say what i want  anymore because les already knows when i walk in(: best smoke shop in town by far !
5	House of Smokes is that one smoke shop you have always dreamed off. Well stocked, low prices, and great service.I have been coming here for a couple years now and have never been disappointed. One of the reasons I keep coming back is the owners' and their straight-up opinions on the stuff you are looking for. Les, the owner, will tell you if something is worth checking out or not. It's actually great to go to a place where the owners and staff know what they are talking about because they are customers themselves.On top of the service, HOS carries everything. Hookah wise, they have all of the brands: Starbuzz, Fumari, Al Fahker and more in pretty much every flavor. They have some very hard to find hookah accessories, and if they don't have it in the store, they can get it for you. I don't smoke cigs, but by judging by how many people come in to pick up a pack, its well worth it.I know plenty of people who drive across town simply because HOS is probably the best smoke shop in town.
4	Best smoke shop around town. The owner of this joint is very informational and helpful in assisting you with your smoking needs. Not only does he own this shop and operate it from 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM, he also runs the SItara hookah lounge located about a mile west of this spot. So it's difficult to not catch him around the Silverado Ranch area.They're heavily stocked with all the necessities from bongs, hookah needs such as: Starbuzz, Al Fahker, Fantasia, Fumari, Haze, and all relevant equipment. They're literally in overstock mode all the time so you can always count on this house to have it all for you.Only issue I have is a $1 charge for debit cards with purchases under $10.
5	Straight-up,We walked in and were stunned. The store-front is small and reveals little except that they may carry Roor and Zob and other fantastic brands. Inside, the walls are PACKED with quality glass. We were eyeing a $6,000 water pipe that looked very impressive - but I knew I wouldn't be able to even clear a quarter space. The customer service is excellent and knowledgeable, skilled with what felt like, at least a few years of experience. It was a great visit and no doubt, will be back again another day.
5	Was referred here by a friend who swore by it.  Hands down THE best smoke shop I have ever been to in my life.  Including California.  Amazing selection, all the legit best brands and the best service I've received ANYWHERE in a long time.  Friendly, staff answered ALL of my questions and steered me towards the best choice, not the priciest.  Never made me feel stupid or acted as if they were "too cool for school".  Prices blew Diversity out of the water!   If you're in Vegas and going to any other smoke shop you're wasting your time and money.
5	Been going here on and off for years. I won't step into another smoke shop because of the great service I get here. Even after moving across town I'll still stop in and they still remember who I am, awesomesauce. Great shop
5	This truly is a five-star winner.  I went in to buy an "eGo" e-cig.  Ryan, the one who helped me out, was *extremely* friendly and knowledgable.  Other businesses could take a page from their book of customer service.  I mistakenly purchased the wrong liquid for the e-cig at first, but Ryan was right there to get me set up with a new one; he even cleaned out the device for me!  Aside from their amazing customer service, I've been to a lot of smoke shops in my time and I can say I have NEVER come across such a vast collection of gorgeous glass pieces in my entire life.  This is my new home for products and accessories!
5	Awesome place....staff was super nice and helpful...showed us how to use our new hookah pens while we were there and they have soooo many flavors to choose from! Mad Hatter & Skittles flavors r delicious
5	Just like everybody else on here I was curious if the reviews were too good to be true and they are NOT! The selection here is amazing no matter what you are looking for and the staff is extremely helpful and just awesome in general. I just found this store yesterday and already have gone twice!
3	I've been a loyal customer to House of Smokes for years and recently, I've started to feel like there service has become extremely lackluster. Case in point; I called them about two months ago asking a couple questions about the electronic cigarette I had purchased from them and the employee I spoke to would just answer "I don't know" to seemingly every single question I asked on the matter, not "hang on lemme find out for you" or "let me get someone who can answer your questions". It seemed as if me calling was interrupting him and that my previous sale or future sales weren't  really that important.Other than that, I think the store has a great selection of product albeit slightly more expensive than other places for some of the product. and the atmosphere is extremely accommodating The only other problem I have is their policy of not giving prices over the phone. I understand that they don't want to fall prey to people trying to get them to price match on items that are online in the digital age we live in and I don't have a problem with that. But they don't have an actual website to get any information from and the last time I checked, their hours were listed wrong online, so it makes it extremely hard to be able to make it down there a lot of the time to check out said prices.
5	All of the staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. They always give us a warm friendly welcome and make us feel right at home. I've been going here since I was 18 and I still haven't found a shop to match my needs like they do
5	just went in to purchase a gift, ended up getting my self a couple of items. excellent assortment of hookah, vape and accessories. super helpful staff (deebo). i will definitely return!
5	The staff here is beyond amazing. They were very knowledgable about all their products. My husband got a new ice catcher for his 2foot sheldon black. I got footlong raw papers for my birthday. These guys know quality and know what they're talking about when it comes to glass. It's a bit unorganized but it is a hidden gem. I'm so glad I found them. They're a lot cheaper than gorilla radio down the street. Will definitely be back when it's time to add more to my collection.
5	Good selection of Shisha and hookah supplies! Staff is very knowledgeable and good prices! Will definitely be coming back!
5	This place rules, I met Les and he was a really cool, helpful guy. He had no problem answering my questions and helping me decide what I was buying. I definitely plan on going to this place from now on.
5	Super friendly, knowledgable staff. Les and Deebo are fantastic business owners and definitely take care of their customers! They also own Sitara Hookah Lounge in the same plaza! Both places are a must go-to!
5	I don't care what part of town you live in... make the drive. this store is the best. this is not young kids selling smoking supplies. These are conosueres who accualy give a shit about their product and
5	Went in to get an e-cig. Got great advice from Ryan on which one to get. He even helped me set it up and got me smoking out the door. Wasn't very expensive either!! Great service, great products, great price.
5	In short, fuck diversity, fuck still smokin, fuck guerrilla radio and any other shop. No matter what side of town I live in I will always make the drive for any of my smoke shop needs to House Of Smokes. I've been going there for about 6 years now and I'll never go anywhere else!
5	Came here to buy a vape pen. They sell the cheapest hookah pens. Basic one starts from $20 and $30 is with the bigger battery. Left the place with a $30 hookah pen and $10 ejuice. Very cheap and great service would defiantly recommend this place.
5	This place never disappoints. Amazingly cool staff. Best prices in town and insanely great collection no matter what you need.
