4	My man found this place. for under twenty we can get a small pizza, large enough ceasar salad to share and ten wings! the pizza is good they have fresh oregano in the sauce. I love fresh oregeno. The hot wings are actually hot! Not gormet pizza but way better than any dom. or hut!
4	Well, this was a pleasant little surprise.  Ordered based on the one Yelp review + after checking out their Facebook fan gruop.  Not sure how I hadn't heard of this spot as it isn't that far from home.  So, it's a Muslim/halal pizza spot.  For you carnivores out there, this means no pig - their pepperoni, sausage + chorizo are all beef.  For a vegetarian like me, it doesn't have much of an impact, but I've noticed that food tends to be fresher or more organic at halal/kosher spots.  This proved to be the case tonight.Ordered a large mushroom pie.  30 minutes later, I arrived home and we dived into a fresh, perfectly cooked pie.  It could have used slightly more sauce if I had any criticism, but the mushrooms were very fresh (not those horrible limp things out of a can that you get at so many places), the cheese was lovely and the crust was outstanding. There was a healthy sprinkling of oregano in the center of the pie.  When I picked up the pie, I noticed that their menu had a lot more than what was listed on the FB page - including TANDOORI sauce (yes, you read that right), gyro meat, a variety of chicken pies, a Mexican pie (chorizo, jalapeno, onion, tomato) and a huge variety of hot wings... if you go for that sort of thing.  Hot wing flavors ranged from the usual to the not-so-usual (curry, tandoori, karahi).  They had a number of reasonable specials.  12" cheese for $5, 12" pepperoni for $6, 16" cheese or pepperoni for $7.99,  2 slices and a drink for $3.99 , 2 slices and 20 wings for $9.99 - provided you got dine-in or takeout before 8. On M-W-Th from 2-5 and then all day on Tuesday, buy 1 pizza and get a second for $1.  I'll be coming back.  The guy at the front desk was friendly and explained that the Tandoori sauce was one of their specialties.
2	Pizza is okay. I little too much garlic (I bit into a whole clove under the cheese). It taste better than little cesar's or domino's, but as far as fresh, baked bistro pizza goes...I've tasted better. It's next door to a smoke shop... I think there's a double door adjoining the them. It smells like hookah when you first walk in. The place looks like a poorly remodeled cafe/lounge. Seems like it might be a neat place to hang out (has a pool table and large tv), but there are quite a few guys (friends of the owner? ) hanging around who make it a little awkward.   The cashier/cook was nice, but I question the cleanliness of the kitchen.
4	Well, I've been a little negligent in not updating my review.  I've been very impressed with the quality of the pies.  We've tried a number of other pizzas since last time - we're getting close to 10 at this point. My wife was very impressed with the Tandoori pizza (which I still need to try without the chicken), while I'd been favoring anything with mushrooms.  But a few weeks back we had a garlic and tomato pie and it was magical.  GREAT use of garlic - a human being had actually chopped up a few cloves of garlic, it wasn't just some garlic powder (which has disappointed me at so many other spots in town, to the point where I usually don't order it).  Best garlic I've ever had on a pizza.  As I type this, we're ordering a garlic and mushroom pie.  I can't wait to take a bite... Check this out if you're in the neighborhood, or even if you're not.  It's a mellow spot and the staff there has always been very friendly.
5	I love the fact how they are open late even if u get there juat before closing they will still take your order... The food is delicious extra chrispy wings amazing...
1	LG peperoni pizza, 10 garlic Parmesan cheese wings, and order of Cleopatra fries. $24.00Pizza dough tasted pre-made (little Cesar pizza crust is much better) the sauce was OK. The seasoning they sprinkle on the pizza overpowered the flavor of the pizza. I'm not sure what it was, but we did not like it. About the wings.  They were covered with pureed garlic?  the textured of the wings felt as if they were boiled? Not good. The fries were OK. When you walk in, you smell smoke from next door. Yuk. I recommend you call in your order.  I waited 45 minutes for my order, which wasn't bad.  We do like to support our neighborhood businesses, but I don't think we'll be able to support this bistro.
2	Nothing special... Seems like pre prepped pizza. Neighborhood is questionable and the interior doesn't help any with guys laying around watching T.V.Would NOT go here again.... doesn't matter Halal or not... there are better options out there.
2	We ordered the "hospitalized hot" chicken wings they we're mild at best so we were very disappointed. The pizza was mediocre nothing special and the place was hard to find. It just said PIZZA on the building.
4	Really good pizza. Not the best in the world, and it can be a little pricey. But it's nice to chill here with friends, have a beer, and go next door to smoke hookah. They also sell pipes and smoking paraphernalia. If you are bored on a sunday night it's a nice place to hang.PS: *Beware the tweekers that like to haunt around the parking lot at night* But then again, that's all of Phoenix, right?
5	This place is no longer Cleopatra Bistro it is now Tony's Pizzeria. I'm from Chicago and stumbled into this place by accident  on my vacation. The pizza is AMAZING! it's just like Chicago style pizza from back at home. I was very impressed by the taste. I left a little room for the Italian ice and it was definitely worth it. I recommend this place to people looking for authentic Chicago style pizza or just amazing pizza in general.
5	Just went to "Tony's". New owners straight from Chicago. Had great pizza and my family enjoyed real saucy wings. Gave us all free samples of the Italian ice. Yummy! Also enjoyed the conversation. These are the nicest guys you will meet! Open late & delivery. They just took it over do they are going to be redoing the interior. Support local business and really good people. Give it a try!
