5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR PRE-GRAND OPENING TRIAL. ( The restaurant at the new Linq opens at the end of February! =))WHO: For past present, and future Yardhouse lovers, this one's for you!WHEN: The official Grand Opening is the end of February 2014, =)WHERE: Located at the new Linq next to the new Quad Hotel & Casino.WHAT: I am absolutely excited about this new Yardhouse! IT IS THE LARGEST YARDHOUSE WORLDWIDE, and am proud to say it is at home in LAS VEGAS! What makes it the largest? It is 2 stories and double your regular Yardhouse!My brother from another set of parents invited us to try the place out before their actual grand opening, and I'm glad that he did! It is absolutely amazing in there, and they sure chose the right set of staff (Derrick & Rosie are the best!! Yup, I have my favorite servers already! =)) I loved the atmosphere and the customer service. I noticed everyone working as a team that night! So, kudos to teamwork!As for the food, my brother and I ordered the Lobster, spinach & artichoke dip as an appetizer. For our entrees, I ordered the surf & turf burger, which never disappoints, and my brother had the seared ahi sandwich, which also didn't disappoint. In a nutshell, I've always loved the flavorful menu, so they can't go wrong there!VIVA LAS VEGAS!!
5	Wow! Service = exceptional, food = out of this world! Last minute option for dinner tonight and I was blown away. I cannot begin to say how impressed I am. I thought this was going to be standard bar atmosphere, but it is truly a place I would consider frequenting on a daily basis.
4	Yardhouse is always solid. Good food and great drinks. Doesn't fail no matter which one you go to. I just had the first ever Yardhouse blended mule cocktail from their outside walk up bar. I tried the Hawaiian with Skyy Pineapple Vodka. Delicious.
5	Im so excited for the opening of the Yardhouse at the Linq, Ive always love this retaurant even back when I was living in san diego. I plan on coming here soon.
5	Excellent food and service. We celebrated a friends birthday. The truffle fries and chicken sandwich were excellent. Staff was attentive and prompt.
5	You can't get a better view of the High Roller and the Linq project, than from here! We ate on the upstairs patio, Tim, our waiter, was fantastic! Huge beer selection of beer, burger, truffle fries and clam chowder were great! ps- from the time we came through the front door, every employee was courteous and seemed to be genuinely happy!
5	The restaurant is newly opened but the service is wonderful. Definitely sit on the upstairs patio. The view of the High Roller is worth it. When you visit ask for Crystal she is a top notch server.The beer selection is out of this world so enjoy.
5	Amazing place! Where has it been all my life? I was visiting Vegas this past week for my cousin's wedding and my boyfriend and I couldn't find a place open past ten with reasonable food! So, we went to Margaritaville around the corner, which was only serving apps, and were told to check out the new places nearby The LinQ.Wow, this place was brand new (only open three days at the time), had outrageously delicious food, had an amazing view of the gigantic Ferris wheel from the patio...I could really just go on and on. If you go, sit on the upstairs patio. If you like cider, try the pineapple!My bf had a great steak and I ordered the Thai Noodle Salad. It was amazing and I wish the nearest Yard House was closer than Orlando (I live in Tampa, FL). I'd probably go once a week for sure.
5	We had a wonderful lunch on the patio of this new Yardhouse. Beautiful view of the High Roller and Linq. Plenty of beer selections and great lunch choices. The grilled pastrami and mixed field green salad was perfection. Husband had the French dip and clam chowder and he was impressed. The management stopped at our table to see how everything was, which was excellent. Mandy was our server and she was great, very efficient and detailed. We will be back..
5	I always enjoy the Yard House; this new location did not disappoint. Beer selection was the usual - massive, high quality and a well organized menu to find what you want. The food and service were also great...the place felt far more polished than its recent opening would suggest. Considering how much good food there is in Vegas, it surprises me that there are not more beer centric bars and restaurants. This Yard House is really a savior, and the slightly off strip location creates a calm atmosphere that is a welcome relief from the mayhem elsewhere.
5	Beautiful new restaurant! Our server Justin was very personable and friendly...we really enjoy this location, but then the YardHouse never disappoints!!! I'm a happy camper :)
5	Never been a huge fan of their food but the staff at the new location is awesome.  Tim (I believe that was his name) was fast and informative about any beer questions we had.  This is going to be one of the busiest patios for sure this summer.
4	I like it, friendly Bartender Alli B. Is a rock star knows the beers super helpful.  Fast food services lots of TVs great people.
4	This has always been a favorite restaurant of mine. I was looking forward to seeing the new Linq. It didn't disappoint. It's very dark in the restaurant. Something that I don't mind. The server was very nice and sweet. I ordered a side salad which was very good. It was big and could be shared. My friend ordered clam chowder and said it was excellent. I ordered a ham and pineapple pizza. It was very good. I love brick oven pizza. I was a little disappointed at the fact it was my birthday and they didn't give me as much as a cookie. The view from you table is awesome. You are right under the High Roller. I would recommend this restaurant. Just don't expect anything for your birthday.
3	Overall I was pretty disappointed.  Food was average and restaurant was not accommodating with simple food requests. I would not go back
4	I recommend the truffle fries they were delicious. The buffalo wings were good. The staff was friendly. It was superb! Everything is always delicious and the staff was very attentive.
4	We just happened upon the Yard House while scoping out the shopping area by The Linq. The restaurant is pretty huge, I feel like we walked forever to finally be seated at our table, but it is a great space. Hubby and father in law both ordered beers, I just had some yummy jasmine iced tea.I had fish tacos, and the guys had a burger and pizza. We all pretty much finished everything on our plates. The fish tacos we quite delicious, and those skinny little fries that came with the burger were great. Our server was very helpful and friendly. Prices for Vegas were reasonable.One star off because the beers arrived AFTER the food did.I'd come again.
2	Eh overall.  I usually love the yeardhouse, but this did not quite do it for me. Started out with the hummus, which was a little tasteless and the pita was very chewy.  Next we got the margarita pizza, when really was under par.  Tasted very dry and bland.  No real flavor.  Overall was disappointed with the food.  Add 1 star for the great beer selection.  Not sure if I would go back here.
4	Great food, cool atmosphere.  Our waiter was pretty much non existent which is why I took off a star.  Went on a Saturday night, we were seated right away.  They have an outdoor patio you can wait longer for, and once the Sky Wheel opens, I think it will be even more busy.  Great food, I had the surf and turf burger, yum!  Truffle fries were great, never had anything with truffle oil, but I have heard of it mentioned on several cooking shows so I decided to try it.  I will be back!
5	I've been to Yard House many times in Town Square. It's good place to go when you want to drink and catch up with friends while getting some good food. This was my first time at the location in the Linq. Everything was really clean, spacious, and lively. Aaron, our server, was friendly, made sure our waters were kept full and was very attentive.I didn't really care for their jerk boneless wings. The sauce was on the side and I feel like it needed some breading, it was kind of weird. Parmesan crusted chicken was good. It had a mushroom and sun dried tomato sauce. My boyfriend got the New York Steak Sandwich so I had to steal a bite and it was good also! I thought it was going to be strips of steak but it's the actual full New York steak on a sandwich with tomato and onions. Some of my favorites are the Mac and Cheese, definitely not your typical Mac and cheese. It has truffle oil and it is just delicious! I also like almost all of their burgers, I've yet to try their late night truffle burger (you can tell I'm a sucker for truffle lol). I also really love their grilled cheese and tomato bisque. The bisque has a nice basil flavor and I always add bacon to the grilled cheese, because well, everything's better with bacon right? For appetizers I love the nachos. It's a really big portion though, maybe too big for only two people. I also really like the lobster, crab, and artichoke dip. For drinks, I usually get one of their martinis or specialty drinks and I've yet to be disappointed!  Overall I love this place and will definitely be coming to the linq location more often!
5	On a Friday after work, I had a snake bite (ok 4) and left my credit card at the Yard House. Though I assumed it was in a pocket somewhere, the card was lost. On Tuesday, I got a call from Visa informing me that the Yard House called in my card as lost and was holding it for me!!!!!!Amazed and relieved I returned, collected my card and - of course - reveled in the great food, terrific atmosphere and excellent service. Thank you,Yard House! You have another loyal customer.
5	Phenomenal customer service with very knowledgable and accommodating staff! My boyfriend and I are both vegan and our server went out of her way to make sure we had everything we needed and more. Great vegan options.
5	There's pros and cons with this Yardhouse vs, Yardhouse in Townsquare (I've never been to the Yardhouse on the redrock side of town.)  Yardhouse at the Linq does not have a happy hour, I'm not sure if they have a reverse happy hour but didn't notice it on the menu.  The Pros: they have more beers on tap and the "blackboard specials" this is where we tried the Pugachev's cobra...man that was good stuff..strong, but good, one glass did the job.  Although there isn't any happy hour, there is plenty of seating, inside/outside/upstairs. This is listed as the world's largest Yardhouse.  I've been to this Yardhouse for dinner twice now, both on Friday nights and there was never a wait.  I've been to the Townsquare location and there has always been a wait.  Another con is the parking, of course I wouldn't recommend going to this Yardhouse unless you were already on the strip or planning to hang out at the Linq/Strip.  Having a group try to meet up on a Friday night on the strip was a hassle, I guess this would've been about the same if you were looking for parking at Townsquare also though.  Overall, I love Yardhouse! Great menu options for everyone, appetizers, small bites, vegan and vegetarian options available for all! *great for people watching and close to the High Roller
5	Absolutely love this place. Have a great vegetarian menu as well! I prefer this location over the Town Square one. Not overpriced for a restaurant on the strip and great selection of beer. Definitely a must try!!
4	Went for lunch and ok.  First beer flat but replace affably and quickly.  Food ok but best part was anticipation and location.  Much closer than other stores. M
5	Friendly staff and attentive waitresses. My mom ordered the hit pastrami sandwich and loved the tenderness of the meat. I ordered their chicken pasta with sundried tomatoes and slices of fresh asparagus...it was served perfectly with a smooth, tasty white sauce. I loved it! I would definitely recommend dining at this restaurant and give them business.Their clam chowder was also a delight to compliment my pasta dish.
4	Nice big place.   Great pizza. 100's of beers.   All the food items have been tasty. Great service too.
4	This brand new Yard House was awesome.  We are here twice on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  For our first meal we were here for lunch.  I had a half turkey club sandwich and a cup of French onion soup.  (Chris D. don't go out of your way for this soup).  The club was huge even for one half, but the soup was lacking flavor, and topped with a soggy piece of wonder bread.  My husband got the chicken avocado sandwich with truffle fries.  He was quite happy with his meal.  The bloody Mary's that we both had were amazing.We came back the next day for a pre concert dinner.  We had the chicken egg rolls with a spicy peanut dipping sauce, and I had to go for my favorite ahi crunchy salad.  It was as good as ever.  That is one thing I like about Yard House, it is usually very consistent.  Our servers were very attentive, and well trained.  If I only had one thing to offer, it would be to kill the speakers on the outside patio.  The music from YH competes with the music coming from the Linq entertainment center. It can be very annoying to constantly be hearing two songs playing at the same time.
5	Let's start with dessert first...the s'mores brownie is chocolate marshmallow gooey goodness! (Just don't dig in too soon or you'll scorch your mouth)! The blackened swordfish street tacos were also good - although I found the spicy rice was a bit much. The mac and cheese with chicken and bacon was rich and creamy. Hundreds of beers on tap. I had the Belgium sampler which let me try 6 different Belgium beers. Pleasant decor, good tunes and attentive wait staff.
4	Rocco was great,  friendly and helpful. Tons of vegaterian options. And the menu is huge,  Incline skinny cocktails and 150 beers. I had the lettus wraps which were Delish and my husband had the Garden rice bowl.  Prince point is great,  especially for being on the strip,  finally a place that doesn't kill your wallet.  Food came out quick and there is upstairs and downstairs patio with a great view of the High roller. We will come back and definitely recommend it others.
5	This location is sooooo nice!! We sat outside on the upper level. Very nice ambiance and server. I got the gorgonzola burger and it was delicious!!! I really like this location and I'll return in the near future.
4	Was just there a few hours ago with a friend in town. We sat outside on the upstairs patio and the view was nice, the staff was helpful enough, and everything we ordered was pretty good. (Ceviche, Hawaiian Poke stack, The Baja Fish tacos, and a burger.) We wanted something familiar but new so we chose The Linq location! Will be back for sure.
5	This place is awesome.The food portions are great, the staff is extremely helpful, and the prices are reasonable.  There is a lot of space inside and outside for seating.  No cons at all.  Just great food and great service.
2	Descriptive phrase: hip, cool sports pub with poor service.Yard House is a chain, and this one in the Linq is just as cool and clean as any other. When a big group of us came to watch the Final Four basketball games it was obvious we were gonna be there for a while and drop a chunk of change. We did, considering each half yard of beer is at least $14 and my own Chicken Nachos was $11.45 (good, by the way).But the overwhelming impression I left with was how horrendous the service was. It wasn't even that busy at first, and it took 20 minutes in between visits from our server. And each time she came she'd only take 1 or 2 people's orders (of the 10ish of us), then leave again. The place has many TVs with games on, yet they refuse to turn the game sounds on, even though that night especially most of their patrons were there to watch the Final Four. Annoying.When the bill finally came they would not split it. I understand some places refuse to do that, which I think is stupid, but whatever. However, when we went through the bill there were a ton of things that we didn't order. We brought that to their attention, and they changed it...to more wrong things. It took us legitimately 30 minutes to figure out what they did wrong and explain it them before they could change it correctly. They said they'd comp us a beer for the trouble, but those never came. The only reason this isn't a 1 star is because the food, beer, and atmosphere is still good. And the crowd, even the opposing fans, were all friendly and jovial. But I wouldn't come back solely because of the service.
5	I am a huge yard house fan...I was worried the new location in The Linq would jack the prices up...but nope.  The second floor patio will be a great hangout this summer.  Server Brandon is was fantastic and we NEVEr felt neglected even thought they were busy,I will be back!!!
5	when I heard that my friend wanted to spend her birthday dinner at Yard House, I was less than enthused only because the one here in Hallendale was such a disappointment when it came to the food. But the Vegas location was such a treat! The restaurant is casual attire but it had a sophisticated, classy feel. We took an elevator to get to the top floor and passed by the outdoor patio and peep-through kitchen.  Our server Ron was sweet and attentive.  For food, I had the calamari, clam chowder and a cesar salad...all very good and made my initial thoughts of Yard House having bad food go away. But no matter the location, Yard House has great drinks in addition to their extensive beer menu.  My favorites were the moscow mule and the sparkling raspberry cocktail made with my favorite beer: framboise.We enjoyed it so much that not only did we eat there a second time on our trip, we have decided to make it a tradition on all of our Vegas trips from then on. My only complaint was that there were no restrooms at all upstairs.
3	Our experience may have been affected by the fact that it was the final day of our trip and we were exhausted, but Yard House didn't inspire us. There's an incredibly large selection of draft beers, which takes center stage in the restaurant with comfortable booth seating circling around the exterior. While the copious number of tap handles was impressive, the food wasn't anything special. We ordered a few dishes from the House Favorites section of the menu, including the penne with chicken and the orange peel chicken. The pasta was smothered in a lukewarm mushroom cream sauce, lacking flavor or interest. The orange peel chicken was a better choice. Our server was friendly, but it took forever for us to get our food and later to get our check. The restaurant wasn't packed so I was surprised it took so long.If you're a beer enthusiast, I'm sure you'd enjoy it, but I wouldn't go again just for the food.
5	Although it's your standard yard house, it's prices are definitely a plus in Vegas. You can come here for legit late night food and decent priced drinks...Even if they don't have a happy hour menu like other their restaurants, they do have a Black Truffle Cheeseburger that is amazing when paired with the truffle friends all for about $10. Also, having to pay $7 for a shot of Hennessy is a diamond in the rough compared to these other clubs and bars that charge anywhere between $10-$17 for a shot. If you're in the mood for some normalcy in Vegas at a decent price, this yard house will hit the spot. Also the Linq alley is a very nice place to just stroll, shop, eat, and drink. Highly recommend coming to see the glamorous Ferris wheel here!!
4	If you like beer, this is your place. There are 160 beers on tap, but that's not the only reason to go. The deck on the second floor is a great way to check out what's at the LINQ. I had the turkey club. It was pretty average as far as club sandwiches go, but it was very tasty. The portion was more than enough for a hungry man. It comes with fries but I upgraded to sweet potato fries. You can also get truffle fries. Yumm! The service was excellent. Our waitress, Lisa, was personable and attentive. A manager came by to check on our meal.  The wait for drinks and food was reasonable...nothing to make you wonder "what's taking so long?" The prices are typical for Vegas..no surprises there. I would recommend this place and go there again. ..If there weren't so many other places here I want to try!
5	Walked in & I felt welcomed , one of the best restaurants with the best greetings ever ! Got sat really quick , our server JESSICA was awesome , I believe she deserves a raise in her position ! Awesome awesome awesome !
4	I'm a bit torn as to how to review Yard House. The food was delicious, the atmosphere upbeat, and the staff was really friendly. We came on a Thursday evening (730-ish) and there was no wait for a table inside (nice!). We were seated and we requested to watch a specific channel (NBA playoffs were on) and they were very accommodating (even changed the channel for us). We placed our appetizer order and got our food fairly quickly. The poke bowl and the garlic noodles from the snack menu were divine!!! We ordered our meal and waited almost an hour... Still no food. The waiter came by and apologized and said he would check on it. Took another 15 minutes for the food to come. Given we were there to watch the playoff game, it really wasn't that big of a deal. The manager came by (very nice) and apologized and said she would give us dessert on the house (awesome!). So we placed our dessert order and waited. Another 30 minutes passed and still no dessert! To sum it up, there was a glitch in the system and the kitchen wasn't receiving orders coming in from our table! Oddly enough, it was only our table that was falling through the cracks in the system (although it was weird that we got our snacks in a timely manner).The food was delicious though and the prices were just right (especially for being on the strip). The staff was very nice and did apologize profusely. The manager comped a few more items off our bill in addition to the desserts we ordered. But I can tell you, if it wasn't for the playoff game, I would have raised more of a stink. I guess it worked out... We saw the entire game (yes we were there for three full hours) and we got some other items off our bill comped. Although if I was the manager, I would have comped the entire meal (it's all about customer service) and who knows what will end up on Yelp, right? :)As for the food, the onion rings were great, sweet potato fries cooked just right, although a nice aioli sauce would have been a nice accompaniment. Steak sandwich was delish... The dessert looks good, but was a bit disappointing. We ordered the s'mores brownie and the trio. None were impressive so I would probably save room for dessert and head outside for Ghiradelli or Sprinkles.
5	Whilst in Vegas recently, we overheard a conversation regarding where you could get craft beer in the strip. The recommendation was to try Yardhouse, recently opened but with a great selection. We certainly weren't disappointed when seated at the bar, able to observe the many many draught taps and presented with the fat menu containing the details of that vast selection. We started by selecting something we hadn't tried before and applied that selection criteria a few more times. The staff member who attended to us was knowledgable and let me try samples before committing to a decision as to what would be my next glass.We only had some basic chips but the food being brought out to other patrons around looked good. Would definitely recommend you check this place if you like craft beer!
3	Every time I eat at Yard House, the food is just A-OK. Nothing to rave about, but nothing to really complain about either. They have a huge selection of drinks and food. The menu is large and diverse. Service is consistently A-OK as well.
1	Sorry, this place sucked. It was crowded, the service was absolutely awful and the food was mediocre. I was literally asked for my I'D 3 separate times (I'm 45 by the way) AND you're only "allowed" 1 drink at the bar per ID.... even though the waitress at the table took at least 45 minutes between rounds..... yeah,  NEVER going back to this establishment.
3	This particular Yard House is just as good as any other Yard House you would find in the line of chains, with the typical good food, service and drinks, with one added bonus... location, location, location. Located in the Linq area with a great view of the High Roller and a beautiful double-decker outdoor patio area, this is a must do happy hour (once they include a happy hour) and meal spot while you're in the area.
1	All around just a not good place. Went here tonight with my girlfriend, got a couple drinks and burgers figured it would be a simple but well done meal.. We were wrong. Our waitress got about 3/10 not too friendly then got annoyed when my gf didn't know what she wanted at first from their extensive menu. When we ordered I got the surf n turf burger and a manhattan and she got classic sliders and smoked pineapple. Her drink, srraight terrible. They must have poured in the smoke flavor because she couldn't even drink it and I think I can still taste it. Then the burgers. Ordered my $16 burger medium, got it completely burnt, past well done in some parts. I told the waitress and her excuse and the manager's excuse was "well we use a fire grill so that's why it was like that" so why would they even ask what temperature I wanted it at?!  So definitely don't order a steak... Plus the "butter cooked lobster"was straight out of the package and they didn't put any if the sauce on. All in all it was a very bad meal. And I'm a chef so I usually never complain but I know how things are supposed to be so I just couldn't let it slide. But if you don't care how the food or drinks tastes I totally reccomend it.
2	I went here for my birthday with my boyfriend and sad to say, we weren't all that impressed with the service. The food was great, don't get me wrong! But the service was terrible. We came here on a Friday a little before noon, and got seated immediately. Our waitress, Emmie, came to greet us as we were seated and took our drink orders. However, it took about 10 minutes before our drinks came to us. 10 minutes to get our drinks! How ridiculous is that? We eventually got our orders placed, which was the Lobster, Crab & Artichoke dip for our appetizer to share, the Grilled Korean Pork Belly Street Tacos for me and the Asada Street Tacos for my boyfriend. It took a good 30-45 minutes before our food came out, and by that time, my drink was running low. I had placed my empty glass at the end of the table in hopes somebody would come up and offer to give me a refill, but that didn't happen. We were seated in a booth close to the kitchen, numerous employees had passed by our table, so it's not like we were hidden. But they just passed by our table, overlooking my empty glass. Emmie finally took notice (she seemed very oblivious, not good work ethic!) and gave me a refill, apologizing that their computers were down and the food orders were backed up. We could understand that our food might take a while, but getting a drink refilled? Again, absolutely ridiculous. Eventually, all our food came out...including the appetizer that we specifically asked to be brought out first before our main dishes. Thankfully, the food looked delicious to make up slightly for this.The Lobster, Crab & Artichoke dip was DELICIOUS. It came with pieces of pita bread and chips, and I really liked it with the pita bread. We both really enjoyed the dip, we just wished it came out before the main dishes did. The tacos were phenomenal. My boyfriend enjoyed his Asada tacos (I had a bite and they were quite tasty!) and my Grilled Korean Pork Belly tacos were nothing short of awesome. Each taco dish came with 2 tacos, a scoop of their spicy rice, and a small bowl of beans. The meat in both tacos were cooked to perfection, not too much that it had a charred taste. The rice was alright, the beans could have been better. By the end of our meal, we both had empty glasses (received no offer on refills, what is up with this place and getting drinks??) and we waited about 10 minutes to get the check. Overall, I'd say the food rocked more than the service did!!
4	Liked this place ALOT. Food was an excellent mix of old and new. Had the late night monte cristo pops which were neat and a good appetizer. Others had the onion ring tower and the sweet potato fries, all good.For dinner we had a wide selection of dishes that all came back with positive reviews. I had the grilled pastrami sandwich with fries, which was good but could have used a mustard as it was a bit dry and lacked a kick. Wife had the coconut shrimp which she enjoyed. Others had the BBQ chicken pizza, fish and chips, blu cheese burger and the pastrami hot dog.The real draw to the place is the beer selection, unbelievable. Ever selection of beer (except my favorite, sours) was well represented. Overall the food was really good, location was awesome, patio was great even on a chilly windy night. The food is really good for the price.
2	My friends raved about this place....saying it had great food/beer and super fast service. The hubby got a chicken and avocado sandwich with fries and I got a shrimp caesar salad. His sandwich was good and his fries were fun because they're so tiny. My salad was drenched in dressing (that tasted like mustard, not Caesar) despite asking for them to go light on the dressing and for $16 it only had 4 shrimp...one of which was not cooked through. The beer came to the table by the time my hubby had finished his sandwich. I just wasn't impressed and wouldn't recommend.
4	Smaller portion than it in the town square. More rooming but long wait to get the food
1	This fruit hadn't ripened yet. Unfriendly unknowledgeable bartenders. The yard house feel is not present here. The limited drafts and specials are not available. The bartenders seemed bothered to serve us. I would pass this place up till they get their act together.
5	Loved this place. We chose to go there for dinner the one mainly bc of the gardein menu options. It have my vegan friends lots of options for food. Food came out hot and well presented and the food was delicious. We loved the huge beer selection as well.
4	I went to Yard House on Tuesday night for my friend's birthday. The atmosphere was fun. I loved the long booths as I came with 3 other girls. The menu is extensive. Very overwhelming but in a good way. What I enjoyed the most was the option for soy based chicken and beef. I really enjoyed the gardein BBQ chicken salad. The portion was extremely filling and delicious! It was also interesting that our food came out all at once. It wasn't that one person got their food first and we had to wait for the others. I thought this was great because we could all sit and enjoy our food at the same time. For dessert I had the mango sorbet which was so creamy and light all at once. I will definitely come back to Yard House to try more of the menu.
3	The atmosphere was pretty cool and it was nice to have a conversation without having to shout. The food is good but it really didnt blow my mind.  Needless to say, it wasn't bad for my first restaurant experience in Vegas.
4	Fiance and I decided to hit up the yardhouse for a quick bite before a big night out.  He ordered 3 tacos a la carte, the fish, the korean pork belly and korean short rib.  According to him, the korean tacos were nothing short of amazing.  I begrudgingly ordered the margarita pizza knowing they didn't have buffalo mozz, but their combination of roma tomatoes, basil and garlic made for a surprisingly good pie at an excellent price.I know it's a chain, and there are 'better' places to eat in Vegas, but I wouldn't be mad if I ended up at yardhouse again!
4	It's Yard House, this company does a very good job of being consistent across all of their restaurants and this is no exception. The staff are friendly and attentive and the food is always fresh, hot and delicious. The only complaint I have found is that I have to wait longer for my beers here. Mixed drinks, I understand but to order a beer before appetizers and not get it until my entree on 2 separate occasions is pretty annoying. So, get that aspect together and it would be just as good as all the other locations around the valley.
5	where do I begin, well first off the new location is awesome! Located last but not least in the the heart of the new Vegas attraction The LINQ. I ended up here to have late night dinner after drinking and walking around with friends. Anyways their menu has a huge selection and I went in for the "late night menu" starts from 10pm till 2. To start as an appetizer I ordered onion ring tower (these were soo good you must try them!) for my entree I ordered the Black truffle cheeseburger (7.95) medium well, & it was delicious! Super flavorful meat well seasoned and juicy! Along with that I ordered a side of truffle fries (4.25) the fries I'll give it 3 stars it was too salty! :( other than that everything else was bomb. Com :)
4	Great location with multiple options for seating. Have bellied up to the bar, ate on the patio and also inside at a table. Biggest plus, as with any Yardhouse,  is the extensive draft list. There is also an abbreviated selection of beers at a walk up window outdoors. Food is above average. Service was quick and attentive. Great place to pregame prior to concerts at the Brooklyn Bowl.
1	horrible horrible horrible customer service!!! I waited 30 minutes at the bar watching at least 6 employees standing around texting with out even acknowledging my presences... not to mention the bar tenders nee to go back to school and learn how to make cocktails
5	As a Vegas local, I frequent the yard house in red rock but this is my favorite spot. Sure it's on the strip but from the wait staff to food to location, I was very pleased with my experience. My guest had the surf and turf burger which was cooked to perfection and my half pizza and salad was a perfect lunch. Our waiter Darren was pleasant and knowledgeable. I am not one to feel rushed and he gave us out space and we never had to ask for anything. As a manager of a restaurant on the strip myself, I am picky but I cannot wait to come back and sit outside on the patio to enjoy the view. Thanks for the great time!
4	This is supposedly the biggest Yard House in the country, and it's pretty big. We were having my boyfriends birthday dinner here so we were a group of about 12. They don't take reservations but we were able to get seated right away upstairs. It was Monday, so maybe that's why. They gave us two servers, who were both really nice.  The food at Yard House is always great, so no complaints there. They even let us bring our own cake and they brought it out for us. The only issue I had was that we bought a bunch of candles to put on the cake, and they brought it out with 3 candles. They were also kind enough to split all our checks, but somehow there was a mistake at the end and they gave someone the wrong bill, but she paid it. We never figured out if the other girl paid her own bill as well, or paid hers. Either way, it wasn't a big deal especially since we had a large group. We had a great view of the observation wheel from upstairs as well.
5	I came here while on vacation with a group of friends, it's a pretty nice actually! Really interesting decor, lots of televisions for the sports fans and a lot, I mean a lot of beer, they actually have 4 pages of their menu dedicated to beer, so there are lots to choose from. It was very busy when we got there, but our server was great. She was helpful and answered all of our questions. We ordered our food and it arrived about 25 mins later, as I said it was very busy. All I have to say is that the wait was definitely worth it, the food was divine, as in I wanted to keep on eating, but I was just too full, ( why can't I have two stomachs !?! ) their portion sizes are big here, so you can share the main courses with your significant other and get a snack or appetizer and try something new along with your main meal. I would definitely come back here as they have a meat substitute section on the menu- so to all of my vegetarian friends out there, you too can have your very own soy chicken wings, should you so choose, I did not have them, but will be giving them a try when I come back. Give this place a try and you will not be disappointed, I know I wasn't!
3	We came here because it was close to where we needed to be and no wait. They have a huge menu, with tons of beer, most of which are decently priced. The food wasn't too bad. I ordered the surf and turf burger. Which is lobster on a burger..sounds amazing right?Not so much. The burger was just sorta plain. The boyfriend got the teriyaki burger. Sauce was yummy, but again the burger was just ok. Judging on this I wouldn't come back next time I was in Vegas. There are much better places around in my opinion.
4	The first stop my boyfriend and I made on our last trip to Vegas was Yard House at the Linq as we wanted to try something new.  It was a beautiful day and we were seated on their amazing rooftop patio.  We ordered some ciders (PINEAPPLE cider!), and a few appetizers to share.  We got the Moo Shu Egg Rolls, Hawaiian Poke Stack and Coconut Shrimp.  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  We had never been to a Yard House before and this is definitely not our last time.  We were actually wishing we had just a little more time in Vegas so we could go back for one more meal.  There were so many tasty sounding things on the menu, it was hard to decide.
1	Walked in and sat down the bar. It was dead as hell. Four bartenders working there and we were completely ignored for 10 minutes, not even a "hello, or we'll be just a second."  Walked out without even ordering a beer. I will not be back or ever recommend this location to anybody.
5	I had stopped going to the Yard House's across the valley after one particularly bad encounter with a rude waiter at the Red Rock location, but cruising the new Linq area (which my hermit ass had yet to explore) I gave this place another try. Mostly because it was the only place open and decent enough to eat at.It wasn't very crowded, probably because it was later in the evening, so service was quick and attentive. My favorite thing about the Yard House is their extensive vegan/vegetarian section. Compared to most places that either leave you with just a house salad or some shitty microwaved Boca burger, the Yard House actually uses some tasty meat substitute and incorporates it into their existing dishes. The selection is vast, anything from pizzas, orange chick'n, and penne pasta with chik'n. (chik'n as in not real chicken, not as in I can't spell mmk)This is one of the main reasons I even agreed to give this place another shot, most places don't give a shit about vegans/vegetarians/or anyone with food restrictions and it's one of the few places I've been to that have had a wide variety of vegetarian options without actually being a named vegetarian restaurant. And what is a Las Vegas restaurant without a vast selection of beers to choose from?My favorite mix to get is the Black Velvet, because if you don't like Guinness you're wrong. But if you don't, worry not, there are many selections of dark, red, brown, pale, ciders, and other beers to choose from, as well as an extensive wine list, and of course, spirits for the super lonely.Prices are relatively the same here as their other locations, reasonable but not exactly under the definition of cheap.The service was great here, and I hope it's a trend at this location, I definately want to come back more often.
3	This place has tons of beers on tap but sadly the majority are very mainstream beers (Stella, Harp, Sierra Nevada, etc.). Good beers but I would like to try some beers I've never had before. I don't think there was a brewery on the list that I wasn't already well acquainted with. I got a chicken sandwich that was pretty good so no complaints with the food. The French fries are teeny-tiny thin...which sounds fun but you get bored eating them because you never get anywhere they are so little!
1	Being a local Las Vegan, my husband and I wanted to go check out the Linq. I called the Yardhouse to find out to see if they offer a happy hour like their other locations. No. Ok, went to another restaurant in the Linq for HH and we were meeting three others at the Yardhouse for dinner. My husband is a beer drinker, I am not. I still had a full marguerita left from my HH which they gave me in a to go cup. I'm not a big drinker so I was drinking slowly. Once we were seated at the bar, my husband was asking the bartender questions about the beers on tap. It was at this point the bartender advised me that I couldn't have my drink. I had to "chug it or take it outside"! Rude. Yardhouse won't see ANY of my money. I know the bartender is just the messenger but this is a STUPID POLICY. Is my measly marguerita worth losing a bar tab and dinner for five people as well as future business? They won't be getting ours.
3	So we were looking for a place to grub for a bite. This place is similar to other yard house but its more spacious and cozy. Ambience and food was good and price was affordable. They got a lunch selection for only 9.25$ that includes a sandwich and a soup and add a dollar for sides. Aaron our server was very attentive and friendly.good job. I will recommend this to my friends.
5	A friend and I came in for lunch this afternoon and were greeted right away by our hot blue eyed server Brandon.   Without us having to ask Brandon brought us out ice water, which we appreciated so much because it was 1,000  degrees out on the patio. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and answered all the questions my friend had about the ounces and serving sizes. After not knowing what we wanted to order... Our server made some great recommendations about what appetizers would work great for us. He also helped us find something that would work well with our strict diets. Over all we had an amazing experience and will gladly be coming back ! I'll be requesting to sit in Brandon's section, Everytime ;)
3	The three is for the service. Food was a two. When we arrived at midnight on Memorial Day weekend they were already closing the kitchen....strange considering the location. The waitress was fantastic and said she would check to see if she could let us order from the appetizer menu. They staid open for us which was totally cool.... But the food was mediocre at best. The ceviche had almost no shrimp, the  tinga taco was not good, and the pork belly taco was flavorless. We also had a Gorgonzola and pear flatbread ... Again flavorless. Not sure how that happens with something having Gorgonzola. Bottom line, there are much better places for overly prices tourist food!
4	While the title implies a beer selection and it certainly has 3 pages of draft beer of all types and tastes, we were very impressed with our lunch. My girlfriend ordered a pastrami dip and tomato bisque soup and sandwich I had the turkey club with French onion. The sandwiches were ample for a half sandwich special and very tasty. The avocado in the turkey club was a nice addition and the meat was ample. The French onion soup was covered with bread and cheesed sufficiently, not overly salty that can happen with French onion. The Pastrami was plentiful and the dark dipping sauce added a nice flavor. The Tomato bisque also had a nice texture and taste as well. The abundant draft choice drew me in but the food was a pleasant surprise. Compare restaurants in a similar price range and this one should rate highly. In fact we also ate at Carnegies Deli and paid more for a less impressive sandwich. Don't hesitate to try the food here. Will definitely come back here to try all of the beers.
4	Great looking spot for a casual bite to eat in the Linq. As with all YH, the beer list is impressive and they offer little taster sized beers if you want to sample. If you ever wanted to become a beer snob, start here. Try them all. Beyond the brews the menu is LARGE and covers salads, snacks, sammies, steaks, desserts, gluten free, etc.. It's like the menu at a NYC diner, only with some class (and fresh((er)) food). There's a sweet patio, a 2nd floor and even a take-out drink spot, in case the shite beers at O'Sheas aren't your cup of tea. With big TV's around and a HUGE center bar, it's a comfy spot to hang and watch a game. Two thumbs up from this guy for YH!
5	Awesome beer selection ultra fast service service for a busy friday night.  Had two beers at the bar it was sin city ale?  I think .  Anyway great beer.
1	I don't even have the energy to list all of the reasons why my experience here was negative. They messed up. Bad. I went into detail about a dietary restriction of mine, I was assured it would be no problem, took a couple of bites before I realized I was served the complete opposite. Manager came out to apologize with an "I-don't-really-give-a-crap-about-your-problem-attitude". Due to their carelessness, the food made me sick and I will not go back/recommend. Hope you're experience here is better than mine. Don't expect them to care either way.
2	I've been to the Town Square location a couple times for happy hours and such, but never to the Strip location. I've always loved their selection of beer there, but never really had a great meal, so when my friend's and I went to check out the Linq this weekend, we decided to stop in.  We ordered a grilled artichoke, truffle fries, flatbread, egg rolls, and turkey burger sliders. The truffle fries were fabulous, and when they say shoestring fries, think baby shoelaces because that's how thin they are.  The turkey burger sliders were good, and the egg rolls never disappoint. The other two items however, yuck.  The grilled artichoke was not cooked long enough, so it was tough pulling leaves off. The flatbread was the dough itself, cheese, and some veggies. It was dry and tasteless...no sauce or anything on it. At least throw some garlic oil on it maybe? Our server called the manager over and he did handle the situation by taking the flatbread and artichoke off the bill.  Overall, I'd definitely come back here for their vast selection of beer, but sorry Yardhouse, your food has disappointed me one too many times.
4	In a gorgeous new part of Vegas! Lots of standard beers, a few unknowns but not too many. Service was great. The outside patio was beautiful and very clean. The food was pretty tasty and the beer was also very good. I had a chocolate shake porter on nitro and it was out of this world. Will definitely be back again.
4	Very accommodating and friendly service. French onion soup was not the best I've had, but decent. My boyfriend got the surf n turf burger, which looked amazing. Very reasonable prices on the strip!! Will definitely go back.
3	The food was amazing, absolutely no complaint there.  But here is how my rating went down:     When my friends and I arrived, they were not busy.  It was really nice, tables clean, etc.  I'm pretty sure we had 2 waitresses but they looked pretty similar so it's hard to tell.  One of their names was Magdalene (according to the receipt).  As far as keeping our drinks filled they did great, which we needed because......it was an hour before we saw our entrees (and this is being generous.)     Once we noticed, without a doubt, that people who arrived after us were receiving their food before us, my friend asked about our orders.  Our waitress replied that "it should only be another 3 to 5 minutes," but she would go check.  (How she would know 3-5 minutes before she went to look is beyond me, but I digress.)  She comes back and says they're plating it now, it will be out soon. Our  food did come at this point, and like I said, we all loved our food.       The waitress brought our check without us having to ask for it - that was good.  There were 4 of us, and we were all paying for our own meal, so it was split payment between cash and credit.  There was more than enough to cover the bill, because like I said, we were each paying our own meal.  I told her to charge my card first and for how much, and to use the cash after.  She walks away and we see her go to the computer for a while, then she disappears for another 5 minutes (again, generous).  When she returns, I open the folder and the only thing in there is my card and the slip for me to sign.  I'm clearly puzzled, because I knew we had change coming back.  She probably notices because she says...... wait for it......"You guys didn't want change did you?"     Ex-cah-use me?   She seriously tipped herself.  I've heard of (and experienced) automatically billed tips for large parties, but a) we were a party of four, b) this was not on the bill, and c) none of us have ever had a waiter or waitress just keep the change unless we said to.  Is this what gets done to tourist?        She starts to walk away before any of us even reply, so I say "Hold on."  My friend asks her how much change there was and she says "Oh I'm not sure let me look"  What?  Yes, you are sure - or maybe this is something you do all the time so it's hard for you to keep track.       Just so you know Magdalene, since apparently you are not aware, it is up to the patron to decide how much and IF they tip you, not for you to decide based on how you think you did.  We would have tipped you, but based on principle - you do not make the choice to keep someone's money and ask questions later.  What you did was extremely rude.  We probably would have tipped you even more than you took,  so thanks for taking it upon yourself to reward yourself.  It saved us some money.
5	This review is for Kelsee our servers breaker. She was the best server ever! Se knew so much about the food and drinks and kept us laughing the whole time. We loved her and she made our experience amazing. The food was pretty tasty too, the surf and turf burger was pretty good and the ahi bowl is yummy as well! Great time!
5	My wife and I found this place while searching for a good lunch option. We absolutely enjoyed everything we tasted. The cool thing about this place is you can get a lot of options at a lot of price ranges. I had the shiitake garlic noodles, which were incredibly flavorful. My wife had the barbecue chicken pizza and French onion soup. The crust had a little essence of that beer flavor, which tasted great with the barbecue pizza sauce. They also had mini deserts that were just the right size after the meal. Service was very friendly and attentive. The location is nice as it has a good view of the high roller wheel from the second floor. They had lots of beer choices as you would expect, but we didn't get a chance to try them. We will have to come back again!
1	I can't even begin to tell you how bad the service was! Our server literally walked up to the table, stared at us for a minute and then said drinks? Are u kidding me?!?! No hi, hello, nothing! It was a Monday night, and the place was half empty. He returned with beverages, and just stood there. To break the akward silence, I began to order for my parents and I. He never asked us how our food was, did we want refills, would we care for dessert!!!! I honestly don't know if he was high or just a terrible server. I of course didn't get a name, but he was about 5'9" with dark hair and a full beard. We had tickets for the high roller, so we were too short on time for me to request a manager. We will never go back!
4	I really like this place. On a recent trip to Las Vegas with my girlfriend we ate here twice in three days even though we have Yard House in Los Angeles. This location is in the newly designed Linq area which has completely revitalized the area between The Flamingo and The Quad.On our first night in Las Vegas we walked right in to the bar and sat down at the counter in front of a TV to watch game three of the NBA finals. I ordered the barbecue chicken pizza and she ordered a scattering of appetizers to share including a cup of french onion soup, french fries, and the ahi tuna bowl. We also ordered a few beers from their expansive beer options. Together we ate and drank everything.Their food was so good and the atmosphere was so welcoming that we came back for our last dinner before leaving Las Vegas. This time around I ordered a chicken & avocado sandwich with fries and she ordered another scattering of appetizers including chips & guacamole, a cup of french onion soup, and the vegetarian boneless chicken wings. I was a little disappointed with the portion size of the guacamole & chips simply because the guacamole was so good and there was not enough chips. The gardein boneless buffalo wings, however, made up for the guac & chips though. If you like the veggie chicken wings from Veggie Grill don't eat these at Yard House because you'll never want to eat the ones at Veggie Grill ever again. The veggie buffalo wings here are one of the greatest veggie substitutes I have ever eaten. It tasted like real chicken. I want more now!My only issue with Yard House is that they are really pushy with the bill when you eat at the bar. I am not a fan of places that put your bill in a glass cup after you order one thing and then continue to remove and add new items to it as you order more drinks and food. I don't want to be reminded what I am paying each time I order something. Not to mention, all that paper is extremely wasteful. But this isn't a qualm about this specific location, rather just one about the Yard House chain.
5	I love Yard House! We got here a little after opening on a Tuesday and were given the choice of indoor seating or outdoors either on their downstairs covered patio or uncovered patio upstairs. We almost chose the covered patio but the tables there looked better suited for having drinks rather than full meals. Sitting upstairs was out of the question since it was over 100 degrees that day! So inside we sat which was fine as most of their seating is booth seating, which I prefer. Very spacious booths at that :)Our server if I recall correctly was Rosa. She provided awesome customer service - friendly, courteous, and attentive. I got my usual - small (but filling) portion of Mac and cheese without chicken. Delicious! I had a couple bites of my dining companion's ahi tuna salad and it was quite good! We had to end our meal with their salted caramel butterscotch pudding. It's soooo good we each got our own this time. Very reminiscent of the shakes at Gordon Ramsay Burgr which are topped with the most delicious butterscotch pudding.Excellent meal, awesome service, comfy booth seating, nice ambiance - quiet since it was just after opening on a Tuesday but plenty to keep myself entertained. They've got plenty of tv's of course, and we were seated by windows looking out to The Linq so there was people-watching for my entertainment. I really like the layout of this location too - booth seating surrounding a long bar in the middle of the restaurant.To sum it up, Yard House, you're (more than) all right with me :)
3	I've been to the one in SD. I was excited to have my beer (finally) made with chocolate stout and raspberry. Lisa, the bartender made more than 1/3 of my beer with raspberry. It was so gross. Either she was a new bartender or just bitchy. She never attended to us and when we saw her once she kept passing face smiles like she was taking care of us. However, Chris saved the day with making a new one for free and ordering our apps. He was personal, polite and could read us. Thanks Chris!
4	GREAT PLACE FOR VEGETARIANS AND VEGANS. They have a special Gardein menu -- my BFF ordered a Gardein BBQ chicken pizza. It was delicious. The "meat" didn't taste all that different and was SO MUCH healthier. Portions are also generous. I ordered the ahi tuna salad and it was delicious -- a big salad for only $15.This place is another steal on the Strip, but probably because it's in the new LINQ area rather than a major hotel.
4	I like Yardhouse but the main thing I don't like is the price. Recently I went and they added a small plates part of the menu which was nice!We sat outside for a birthday dinner and it was super windy and a bit cold but they had heaters going.I don't have much to say except our server was nice. Very nice. She brought me extra pita chips for my hummus. Definitely better service than the town square location.It's a cool chain. They have a big beer selection and drink menu.Their food menu is pretty broad in choices also with pastas and burgers and even poke.Their food is consistently good.
4	Great place to eat.  Tons of draft beer to choose from.  I had the Parmesan Encrusted Halibut.  It was excellent.  Lot's of indoor and outdoor seating with a great atmosphere.
5	This place is nothing short of absolutely fantastic. The food is delicious and their house white ale is stunning. You also get stellar service!! Richard was our server and was kind and attentive in all the right ways. Love it!!
5	First time visiting the yard house in vegas. If you are looking for a great meal and love ale this is the place to go! The food was delicious and portions were great. I had the sirloin we also ordered the salmon spinach dip clam chowder and chicken tortilla soup. We are food lovers and only seek the best quality of food. I'd give this place 10 starts if i could. Our server was Erin, she was very helpful and very attentive. Nit to mention the high roller ferris wheel is right in front of this restaurant.  You cannot miss this place!
4	Wow. We sat on the patio and watched the 'high roller' go round. Very nice patio. I had the healthy ahi Caesar. Was tasty and not too heavy. Everyone at my table loved the food. Service was a touch slow but they were busy. My friend asked for no cheese on her salad and 3 different folks came out to make sure that the croutons (that have cheese baked  on) were ok. Great follow up!!!
2	Good food, and good drinks. But extremely slow, and rude waiters. I understand it's busy, but if you don't like your job. Get a new one.
4	One thing about the Yard House is no matter which one you go to you can always get a good beer and decent food. Unlike other chains this place keeps the prices the same even when on the strip. Justin our server was great, he took the time to give recommendations on beer and other things. We had the mooshoo egg rolls which were good. We also had the shrimp cevice and seared ahi sashimi. It's great they offer options that are not just thrown in a deep fryer. We are locals and we will be back to this Yard House.
5	Tim our server was the best server I've had since I've moved back! The place is a little pricey but the selection and diversity is worth it. The service was great, the food was amazing and the beer was DUURRlicious!!!
5	Yard House is one of my favorite spots for happy hour - the food is delicious and oh so affordable, and the service is always friendly. I frequent the Chino Hills location when visiting my sister, and the Marina del Rey location is a recent favorite due to their proximity to my job. On my recent trip to Las Vegas, I got to check out this location, which is in the new Linq complex on the strip. I didn't get to eat at this location, but we visited the walk-up bar our first night in town (7/1/14) to try what has become my favorite Vegas drink: FROZEN. MOSCOW. MULE. I don't usually go for frozen drinks and was going to order mine on the rocks, but watched the bartender make one for the folks ahead of us in line. It looked so good and it was about 100 degrees at 10 pm so I decided to go for it. Oh my....the best $10.50 plus tip I spent in Vegas! So good that my sister and I returned to the Linq our second night in town (7/2/14) specifically for this drink! I wish I could remember the names of the bartenders because they were both awesome - there was a male bartender 7/1 and a female bartender 7/2. This was a short trip, if we didn't return home yesterday we would have returned for a third night. It was THAT good, and I'm not even a big drinker.
4	They have a very impressive beer menu which they do a tasting sampler for. The real star though is the mac + cheese. It's full of chicken and smoky bacon! I highly recommend it!!!
5	Everything on the table last night was very well executed!  Most impressive was the Poke tuna appetizer
4	Good food and good service. I love the outdoor seating area. Great for people watching at the Linq.
5	I love that place. They have a huge selection of draft beer and the food was amazing. Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. You can sit outside, they have a nice patio on the second floor.Service was great too, very friendly and they refilled our water glass all the time.  I am definitely going back!
5	Food and service was fantastic! Sweet potato fries with bacon cinnamon sauce is heaven! We had a party of 6 and the Bill came with each persons order seperated...yet all on 1 Bill!!! Loved it
1	We have been to the other locations and never had issues until today. This was my second time in this location. The first time I was here the service was very slow. Today:1- our food took forever! When it finally got there, my husband's Gardein burger was cold. Not warm... Cold! All fries on all plates were not even warm. 2- we ordered our little one a grilled cheese and it was nothing but grease. I get it that we order a sandwich like that but I can make a better and healthier option for my child. 3- our server took a break during our time there which is totally understandable but communication seemed to be lacking as when the other server dropped the check they charged my husband for two portions because they had to make him a new one. Then we had to get a manager to adjust it. 4- we ordered a kids meal for our daughter which came with a choice of drink, choice of side and choice of dessert. We never got anything more then fries for her. No drink and no fruit. It wasn't even busy! In a location like this they should be better equipped to handle small mishaps like this one. Thank God the beer was cold. It definitely left a bad taste in my mouth with as many managers that were standing around. I'll stick to my regular location at Town Square.
5	Just updating my last review. We decided to sit upstairs on the patio for some reason (103F outside) and we got the same server as last time (Tim.) Surprisingly enough he remember us and remembered what kind of drinks we had last time. We got the same 5 star service we did last time even though we only sat down for drinks. Whenever we come back to this place I will only stay if we have Tim as our server!
4	Good menu. Some really unique items. Good service; even during the World Cup final. Great beer selection of west coast beers and international stuff as well. Will certainly be back next time I am in Vegas. If you like good food, craft beer, and are in the Flamingo/Quad/Caesars are of the strip you need to stop here.  Down the Linq near the High Roller. You won't be disappointed.
3	Solid 3.5 stars, just for their 'take out' counter for beer lol.  Located right in the LINQ leading to the High Roller, so quite convenient to get a $5 beer, priced just right to go.Didn't find their larger size for $11 in a cool tall shape worth it, but hey, it's in a touristy area lol.
5	I finally decided to try this place and let me tell you it was awesome!! I had the truffle burger and the truffle fries and it was the best thing I have tarred in a long time. Even my sons pizza off the kids meal was amazing!! I will absolutely be back!! The service was great as well.
5	Great service by our server Diana, she was helpful with all her suggestions and the rib eye is so good. Great beers!!!!!!! And the brownie is bomb!!!
5	Great food, excellent service and right amount of attention, along with a great me h selection and drink choices on and off the tap galore. One of my favs when I ride the wheel. Enjoy!
4	Great place if you're looking for a reasonably priced meal in Vegas. My friends and I stayed in the hilton grand, which was very close to the linq. We ate here for dinner the first night, then walking back from a day party at marquee we wanted to to somewhere else so we stopped by a Mexican place: $22 for a burrito! No way! So we ended up going back to yard house for another meal while we watched the World Cup. Would recommend the ahi tuna salad, light & refreshing, the small portion is perfectly filling!
4	No other place in Vegas to get an AMAZING beer selection and vegan bar-food!
4	Atmosphere was great and staff was awesome! I tried the Hawaiian burger and it was awful but I loved there fries. Awesome drink selection and will definitely go back to try something else next time!
4	Ate out with my family. Service was great, soo much beer selection. Food was great and came out to our table within few minutes. I also tried my parties other food. It was excellent!Only thing i didn't like was my black truffle burger, it lacked flavor. I ordered medium rare and they gave me rare instead.
5	All I can say is wow! The food here is amazing! Best meal we've had in Vegas! Monique our server was so sweet and attentive! I can't believe how reasonably priced everything was because the food is top notch! My compliments to the chef!
5	I cannot exaggerate how amazing Yardhouse is! Their entree's are beyond delicious, their prices are reasonable, their atmosphere is big/mellow/fancy/dimmed/fun, their servers have always been friendly and it's quite welcoming! I love their food, it never seizes to amaze me how delicate their taste is! I've been here with groups of co-workers/colleagues, on dates and not once have I've had a bad experience. Yardhouse also has a bar with lots of beer/wine/alcohol selections so if anyone's curious, it's there.Anyways, my overall experiences with this restaurant have been phenomenal! Highly suggested-
4	A local friend of ours suggested this place for dinner. It was our second night in Vegas. This restaurant is located at "The Linq" A chic, hip strip full of shops, eateries, and the "High Roller" the worlds largest "observation Tower" (Ferris wheel). We have a Yard House in San Diego, but we've never been. We'll have to visit soon,  'cause this place was pretty good. Simple yet fancy menu items. I had the truffle cheeseburger. Simple burger on a plate with some fries and sliced pickles. It was really, really good! Good happy hour menu. The wife recommends any beer cocktail, and she tried most of them! Not to mention the many beers they have on tap. I'm not a big drinker so I kept ordering 5oz. "shorties" of whatever beer I felt like trying. I tricked myself, it felt like I wasn't drinking as much, but after 2 or 5 of those, I was feel in REALLY good. Service was good and the atmosphere was chill. We'll have to try the one back home in S.D. soon!
5	Second time having dinner here this week. Great place! Such friendly staff! Thank you to James our server! Such a nice guy! He went out of his way to have a manager charge up my phone for me! The food was delicious and the portions large! Such a great place :)
4	WE had a great meal at Yard House.  Quick and friendly service and wonderful food with very large portions.  Loved the LINQ area where the restaurant is located. Very extensive menu with just about anything you could ask for.  We will return and we highly recommend!
4	Excellent beer selection, quality food and attentive service. BBQ ribs outstanding. Sammie a wonderful server.
5	This place has an amazing selection of beer,  probably in all of vegas. They have a great menu, American food, and vegan and veggie food friendly,  i mean an entire page of gardein brand food... Also excellent for carnivores.... Awesome
3	Let me start off by saying, the service was superb. The hostess was friendly. The waitstaff was on top of things. Our server was great. The ambiance is lovely. The restaurant is chic and modern. It has indoor and outdoor seating. (We sat inside, but there is a glass wall that divides the two spaces, and the outside was just as lovely.)However, the most important component of a restaurant is its food. I will gladly visit a hole in the wall restaurant that resembles a bomb shelter for amazing food. On the other hand, I will be less likely to revisit a beautiful restaurant with food that's sub par. So what was the culprit? The sweet potato fries. They were not crisp. At all. Their texture was that of a cucumber I left in the incubator that is my car in the summertime. Please note, I live in Vegas where it's a given 100 degrees, easy.I've been to other Yardhouses before, and let me tell you, those Yardhouses did not serve sweet potato fries like these. Maybe they were busy. I don't know. But if you ask me, it's not a good reason for sub par food. They better step up their game because if I weren't a local, I'd be telling all my friends and family back home not to dine here if they ever wandered onto Las Vegas Blvd.
1	I don't know why this place is listed under (vegan). Nothing is vegan here, except for the Gardein products, which they batter with non-vegan ingredients (egg,milk). Trying very hard not to use foul-language to express my disgust and frustration towards the staff, and the way they handled a mistake that was made on their part. After explaining my low-maintenance dietary needs (because I am allergic to dairy), I was assured it was safe to eat the food. NOT. The waiter was NOT educated about the menu, and when the manager came by to....I dunno, blame ME for the misunderstanding, there was no apology, and no remorse. Plenty of attitude though.On the upside, she decided not to charge me for the meal I only took one bite of (which made me extremely sick from my allergy), and thought she did me a favor. I will NEVER come back to this place, and I will NEVER recommend it. This review doesn't even begin to illustrate how nasty the service was. Is this how Yard House treats their guests?? Extremely disappointed.
5	AWESOME beer selection.  Great location.  Great prices.  Very happy with the Happy Hour food selections. Try the Thai Pizza and the Truffle Fries for starters.  Bartenders are very attentive to make your visit a great experience.  They were also accommodating as we wanted to "sample" the beers before committing to a Shorty or a pint.  Will definitely be back again. Thanks Yardhouse!
5	Good food, good service, nice environment. LARGE assortment of beer and ciders. Varied menu. Might get fairly loud in the evenings.
5	We love the Yard House! Delicious food, great atmosphere (and specifically at this location) fantastic service. We had a themed party for my fiance's birthday. (Beerathon) They don't do call ahead seating for parties of 6 or more, and don't take reservations so we just showed up... all 20 of us. Thankfully Eric was our server and made what could have been an overwhelming experience go seamless and look effortless. He didn't get frustrated with our complicated drink orders and was very accommodating under the circumstances. He even surprised us with birthday deserts and we didn't even tell him it was a birthday party... how cool is that?! I've been going to Yard House for years but this is the only time I've written a review and it's because of Eric. If management sees this he needs to be recognized for his outstanding customer service.
4	Dude. Don't ask me how, but I had thee BEST house salad ever at the Yard House.It was something about their housemade croutons and ranch dressing that I fell for I believe. On top of that, everything was fresh and crisp, and so goddamn refreshing!Short review, but hell, I only had a house salad!The customer service was fine, but a little slow. Waited about 15 minutes for the check, hence the 4 star. I'll be coming back to the Yard House next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Great  edition to The Strip! Tons of good beer on tap and creative cocktails. Food is legit as well. Got the filet steak..was super tasty. We'll be back for sure next time in Sin City.
4	Huge venue compare to the one at town square and its 2 stories with a great view of the Highroller. Yardhouse has a little bit of everything from pasta, asian food, pub food and even vegans. My girl loves this place for their truffle fries. I like both lobster or chicken garlic noodles. Of course they have a wide variety of brews to suit everyones taste. Not bad for a chain.
5	ves food and drink! fo sure come and have a good time ! they have lunch and happy hours specials . 100 percent recomended
4	The vibe here is really cool, but it can get kind of loud.  Right when we sat down, our server went on break.  I have NEVER seen such a wonderful transition between servers.  He brought over his replacement and introduced her.  When he was back from break, she told us that he was back and would be taking care of us the rest of the time.  It was so incredibly thoughtful and smooth, when most restaurants just kind of throw someone new at you and you don't know what's going on.I told the server that I had a nut allergy and the manager came over.  She double checked my order and said she would alert the kitchen staff so that they could take extra care in making our food to avoid contamination.  THAT is how you are supposed to deal with guests who have severe allergies.  it was so great.  Also, as everyone else has mentioned, they have a ton of drinks to chose from.  I, personally, was more taken with the feta cream cheese.  It was delicious and unlike anything I had ever eaten before.  I definitely recommend this place.  Great service and really good food.  Also, the prices are not ridiculous like a lot of places in Vegas.
3	This was my second time at a Yard House, and I guess I'm just not a fan. I just find the food completely underwhelming. We started out with the grilled artichoke appetizer, and it was practically raw. It was nearly impossible to scrape the meat off the leaves, and even the heart was tough. This also came with chips and ranch dipping sauce. Kind of an odd combo now that I think of it. For my meal I had the pastrami sandwich. It was okay, but I wouldn't go back to order it. The meat was a little tough, and the pickled jalapenos were pretty scarce. It was supposed to be served on a garlic bread, but the bread didn't taste garlicky at all. The fries were probably the best part of this meal. They were thinly cut, and perfectly crispy. If this was purely based off the food, I'd give it 2 stars, but the beer menu boosts the rating for me. There's a crazy number of beers on tap, so there's really something for every taste! This is a nice location in the Linq, so if I'm in the area I'll probably stop by for a drink.
4	We went to visit the Sprinkles Cupcake ATM & spotted Yard House so we decided to have lunch.  The food was great!  It was our first time eating here.  The waitress, I think her name was Ruby?, she was friendly & great.  The only negative was that my beer was warm...being that it was 106 degrees out, it would have been awesome to have a COLD beer!
5	My friend brought me here for dinner after we went on the High Roller which it is right next to. I don't eat a lot of meat, but I really wanted a filet mignon for dinner - pretty much the only meat I order if I'm going to have dinner at a nice restaurant. For the price of around $22 for a petite filet mignon I wasn't expecting much, as I've had more than my share of filet throughout the years.I'm a weirdo though liking my meat well done, but after hearing a million people say you can't do that to a filet, I've been ordering it medium-well for close to 10 years.Appetizers & salads were great, service was prompt & my friend had her water glass refilled about 5 times haha. They were very accommodating with substitutions for sides and bringing us extra lemons for our water.The first time my filet came out it was barely medium, so it was sent back & when it came out the 2nd time it was very well done. Although I was disappointed in this, they took it off my tab & I ate it. I could tell it was a very high quality piece of meat, even though it was well done. Definitely much better than I was expecting, & rivaled meat quality at places I'd paid twice as much for.I barely had room for dessert, but if there's one thing I love for dessert it's creme brulee, which they had. It was different with chocolate on the bottom & candied bananas on the top, but very delicious. Everything else about the food & experience was wonderful and I will definitely plan on coming back & trying again the next time I visit the area. :)
5	Love, love, love! This place. Surprisingly we got in the restaurant on a weekend quickly ( not as quick as Townsquare, godawful long wait there) Anyways the food was great the beer was awesome! The nachos are the bomb and big enough for 2 people. I like the fact that you can try several beer samples before you buy. They have soo many choices so it helps with an indecisive mind! Love it, def will go again.
3	3 stars for beer selection and that's all.Impressive beer selection. They pretty much have an entire wall of taps, so there's a lot to chose from. Their beer book is also well organized so you can search by type of beer, and see where each beer is from.Now the food, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't really good either. Nothing to write home about...so I won't.
4	For a chain, this was a great place for a late night dinner.  The server was very attentive and friendly. The beer selection is as great as you would expect for the YardHouse chain. The interior decor is more polished than the rest of the chain that I have been to.  All in all, a reliable dinner at a good price.
1	Rude service, unfair wait time for horrible food. Been up all night sick. But thanks to the manager who so promptly refilled my beer with her hand out for immediate payment as she removed my plate for a redo. Tourists don't even deserve this trap.
5	This was soo good. A beautiful space with so many draft beers. I got one of the house brews and it was delicious.My tuna steak sandwich was amazing. It was seared perfectly and had a fantastic pink interior.
5	Amazing service and delicious food. They have some great veganizable items and they were so thorough and considerate to me regarding the fact that I'm vegan. Great menu and beer/cider list! Love!
4	GREAT happy hour, for locals and tourists alike! If you are on the Strip near The Linq, I suggest you make your way to the Yard House. Good food, good beer, and great prices. Although this is a chain restaurant, it's one of the better ones. And this location should be on the top of their national list.Our friend Betty was visiting from Texas, and we all took a ride on the High Roller. (Great deal if you get a pre-6 p.m. rate w/drink on Living Social.) Next up was happy hour at the Yard House, in the shadow of the mighty Roller. They have drink specials and half-price appetizers from 3 to 6. Timing was great (although I planned this attack in advance, because I knew what they had to offer...).We split three apps -- Hawaiian poke stack, spinach cheese dip, and pepperoni & mushroom pizza -- and we each had a few craft beers (mostly white ales and IPAs). Food was good -- not great -- but you can't beat that quality at half-price. And if you like beer and can't find one you like on this extensive menu, that's on you. (They offer samples in case you're curious, but don't treat it as a free for all, or we'll all suffer!)I have to mention the exceptional service we had. We sat on the upper patio amid a shift change, which could have been disastrous. Instead, we had three waitresses who were friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about their menu -- which, sadly, should be a prerequisite to being a server but usually isn't. Kudos to the staff here!I've been to other Yard House restaurants, but this has to be my favorite. What a fantastic location! And while it can be pricey during "normal" hours, the happy-hour rate is hard to beat. Overall, I can't think of a better place for happy hour on the Strip than the Yard House. (If you know of something better, let me know!)
5	Great food... Great Service... Nice attention to details & a wide variety of food options.  I would sure love some organic choices to be added & some grass fed, stage four, no hormone, no antibiotic meat at some if the nice Las Vegas restaurants... Hope we see that soon!!!
5	Bomb Happy Hour! Decent prices for drinks, tons of half off appetizers and pizzas too! I highly recommend the BBQ pizza without cilantro or the ahi sliders... Add a half yard of beer and it becomes the perfect meal!The yard house in San Diego is equally delicious. Definitely a great chain that had high quality food with a fantastic beer selection.
1	Service was terrible the management was rude and not worth the wait or the bad experience
4	We were greeted and seated immediately. Our waitress was very knowledgable of the menu and all of the different beers. The food was very good as well! I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Awesome place! Great atmosphere, impeccable service. Food is so flavorful & fresh. Will definitely come back. Thank you Bobby, you're the best!
5	I really like this restaurant. It was nine of us and our orders weren't small ones either. Our waiter was very nice and attentive! We went during lunch hour so it wasn't too busy. The food was delicious and I can't wait to go back again!************************************************************************************************Okay went to the Yard House at Red Rock Casino and Hotel and just like the one by the strip it was AMAZING!!!!! This time we had a party well over 20 people and somehow our waiter was able to take all of our order, bring our drinks and food out in a timely manner, AND separate our checks accordingly. I've never had service like that before. I would definitely recommend both locations.
5	Service was prompt and friendly. The beer fresh and a great selection of Sunday games. We had the bacon bbq and chedder burger (rum bbq sauce was sweet and tasty) and the Korean pork belly street tacos. Both very yummy. Woukd recommend.
5	If you are looking for good taste/quality beer, that's the place! The food is good as well and they even have a delicious lemon suffle with raspberries and home made whipping cream.
2	No Reservations available after 5 o'clock which totally sucks. They have no phone charger station which sucks. The waitress was phenomenal and extraordinary. But had to deal with a new bartender tonight who took forever to make dreams because he was new. Outside of the waitress I will not be back here again after 5 p.m.
2	Meh. I already am kinda opposed to the Yardhouse since it's a chain and all, but a group planned to watch a football game  here, so I decided to stop by with the fam. Food is ok. Here we had the artichoke (2 stars), homemade potato chips (3 stars, which is good cuz I usually don't like those things), and wings (3.5 stars). Beer selection is very good, if a little predictable. Atmosphere is cool. It's in the Linq. We had 3 tvs devoted to our football game, which was definitely not a top 25 matchup. Service sucks. Slow. Never checked in for refills/new beers. Literally scowled at our 3 year old for standing within 2 feet of the servers bar. Honestly, I would excuse all this if they were busy, but the whole place was only about 1/3 full! You're professional servers on Las Vegas Blvd! Get it together!Did I mention prices are a lil high (avg for the Linq)? Overall, I'll avoid this place.
4	Met some friends for late lunch and we rolled into happy hour.  Just great place to met for happy hour.  Good food, 100+ beers on tap, some nice outside covered seating.  Waitstaff was attentive but did not hover.  Great place.
4	Large menu, almost over-whelming in that there are so many things to eat.  Probably over-ordered.  Oh, well, won't be the last time.Huge vegan selection.  Not that I am vegan, but my internal organs need a break sometime.Excellent service, wine list, and food.  Again, no surprises; food was as represented.I suggest the skirt steak salad or the ahi tuna sandwich.  Both were great.The wine list was thorough, but not huge.  The prices were great; plus, like Maggiano's and the Capital Grille (but unlike Morton's), you can taste almost anything before ordering -- a great way to sell a bottle of wine.Would eat here again.
4	The first time we ate here in June it was excellent - 5 stars.  I had a sandwich that was awesome.  This a great place to watch a game as they have several TV's and ask as you check in which game you would like to watch.  We recently went back in this month and were not so pleased.  I and the fish tacos which would have been good if they weren't so overwhelmingly breaded and fried. The taste of the fried breading over powered the fish and made an otherwise healthy dish less so.  The rice and the beans that came with them did not taste good and should be reworked.  Our recent visit was 3 stars for an average of 4.
5	The service is great for how packed it is.  The server Justin was amazing.  Helped us decide what to get and everything was delicious.  If you feel like good food and good service come see him!!!!
5	Blacken swordfish tacos are fantastic. Young Double Chocolate Stout delicious and a nice outdoor seating area. Too much football on tvs with baseball playoffs on.
4	I have been to both Town Square and Linq locations. Both are equally good and have indoor & outdoor eating options. Their drink menu is extensive and very fun for beer lovers. I always offer this as an option to visiting friends and family because there is something on the menu for everyon, the quality is very good, and the prices are fair.
5	This place is awsome!  Eat at the one in Denver, so dropped in to the one in Vegas.  Love the jumbalia,  the calafornia roll, and deviled eggs (like moms).  Food is well presented, reasonably-priced,  and awesome flavors.  What more could you ask for!
2	Slowest service ever. And the place is empty. Good thing the one in santana row is much better.
5	I typically don't review chain restaurants that often however I think this place deserves it. I had not been to yardhouse in years and it was nice to see the changes in food. This place is in the Linq shopping area, on a Sunday night it had a pretty good crowd, we ate nachos and chicken wings and both were delicious. Service was nice and since we had a good meal here the first time we actually came back a second night, we had the wings again and this time tried their cheeseburger...it was ok seemed like it was missing something, they do serve you a side of aioli for the burger however even with this it lacked some flavor, it wasn't bad but it wasn't anything to write home about.
4	really great place. lots of seating, as its two levels. Outdoor patio, huge bar, big booths. Absolutely huge menu with so many choices. I had the steak salad which was delicious, and our table split a s'mores brownie- phenomenal. My husband got an ipa sampler, and they have all sorts of samplers to choose from. Martinis are great too. Reasonably priced with great service. We will definitely be coming back again.
5	If you are a beer lover come here. Great recommendations from the bar tender. The menu is organized in types of beer which is great. My husband and I had the French dip and French onion soup - so good. The place is clean - stainless steal bar, a little dark inside but nice. We will be back again!
4	Great food and great service!! Our group ate here multiple times and everyone was always very happy with there food. The prices were fairly good. Would definatley eat here again!
4	A great place to escape from the Strip for a while, They do great Happy hours which include a great selection of Beers and Appetisers, Its also located at the new Linq shopping area. Awesome friendly staff too!
4	This place is quite pricy but the servings are big. The menu is really big too! A lot of choices from American to Asian.
1	Pizza was cold food took a long while.....then had to hunt down a server to get utensils .... I recommend not coming here... Our server was Alison was very lazy to check in on us while we waited a long time to get our order and had to hunt her down to tell her the pizza was cold .... However , another server on the other side of the room Summer was helpful to fill our glasses of water and was a very attentive to her patrons. I do not recommend coming here and redirect you to mc Donald's instead.
4	We stopped for a beer after the High Roller, it's great. Very nice and fast service. Buffalo wings and Mac&Cheese are good but not great. Try as most beers as you can!
2	Located in The Linq on the Las Vegas Strip. To be honest I like the Town Square location better and here is why; I had a coupon that had expired they would not take it, but they took it at the Town Square location. It would have been no big deal for the manager to take it, so I will not be going back to this location. life is too short for bad customer service. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I have dined 3 times. Every time it meal has been excellent. We always try something new. The flight of beers are fun too!!! My only complaint is that I HATE skinny fries. Only because I taste more grease than creamy potato. Also I think all Las Vegas restaurants should have a hangover combo meal. Electrolyte drink, salty GERD friendly app, entree and dessert! After all with an irritated stomach from rough partying you want a stomach friendly meal and you need salt and water to cure it. Greasy food and overly sauced food is not the answer!!!!!!
5	This place is awesome!! My husband and I went here only because someone gave us a gift card. It's not a place we would normally have picked but I'm soooo super glad we went. The view was gorgeous from the upper deck. The atmosphere was very comfortable even slightly romantic. The service was great with friendly attentive waiters. The price was really good I thought. I had the Ginger Salmon, my husband had an excellent sandwich (I forget which one sorry) we both had drinks and two appetizers all totaling only 82 dollars!! Normally we would spend 200 dollars on a dinner with excellent food so this was a pleasant surprise! I don't really think you could go wrong with any dish on the menu. We would highly recommend going here and we will be back!
3	I'm obsessed with  the happy hour FOOD menu...but the service sucks!   You have to put your pint glass on the very end of the bar and stare at the bartender till they see you obviously need a drink.  Now I've been a bartender / waitress since 2004 and I'm shocked and very understanding so now I go here just order food and call it a day!  Or I'll order two beers knowing I'm eating wings and don't wanna wait for a second beer....
3	It's always a hit or miss! Usually the food is typically on point it's the service that is in consistent. Rachell was our server this time around. Surprisingly they weren't busy, no wait to be seated or anything. As soon as we sat we waited about 12 mins for someone to even take our drink order. Finally when Rachell asked us what we wanted to drink it wasn't till about another 10 mins till we received our waters. When she returned she seemed like she was in a rush. We quickly ordered, then the waiting game began again. The amount of wait time is really unacceptable for what we ordered. I LOVE the food here which is why we constantly come back but it's the service and wait time that has me taking other options at times. This time around the Poke Stack which I love wasn't fresh, the chicken fingers had no flavor neither did the fries. Other then that the food is really a bang for your buck. I don't know why the service is so inconsistent. Rachell was not friendly not approachable and gave the vibe that she was to busy to attend. The manager on duty walked past us and we requested to change the chicken finger order he was very friendly and served us efficiently. Everytime we come across management they are beyond helpful it's the servers that need some costumer service training. Don't look so upset when your serving your customers it gives an unapproachable vibe. Then again that almost half the staff of YardHouse. The food is what keeps us coming back it's definitely not the customer service.
5	Amazing food as always.  Great beer list and mixed drink options.  Sat out on the patio, had a great view of the high roller.  The only disappointment was our table umbrella was broken. Wait staff was great!
4	We stopped by for some lunch and were pleased to find that Monday is 3:00 to close happy hour!  We had very good lettuce wraps with 3 good sauces. More lettuce leaves would be a suggestion but all else was good. The boneless wings had good spice and there were plenty for the price. I had a half yard beer which came in a silly glass.  Personal preference.
5	So. Good. Everything that I had was perfectly cooked and had awesome flavors. Big variety from salads, soups, great appetizers, burgers, seafood and sandwiches. The portions are huge! Also, they have a huge menu full of awesome beers and mixed drinks. The atmosphere is awesome, the workers are so friendly and funny and there are TVs everywhere so you can enjoy your sports game! Highly reccomended.
4	Gardein meatless options, massive beer selection.  Good happy hour prices.  Sit outside to see the Linq.
5	Great service, great atmosphere, alot of space for everyone....everything i ordered was plated beautifuly, and tasted amazing...can't wait to eat there again...
4	Chances are you've already hit this spot a few times in your dining/going out for drinks career. We all have. Honestly, I can't say I've had many pleasant experiences here. Prior to this past Friday the food had always been sub par and the service so-so. That all changed when I ordered their chicken nachos and the other three people in my party all had burgers. Everything was absolutely spot on. The nachos were gigante (hee-gaunt-a)! The chicken was super moist, almost like it came from a rotisserie. That's pretty key because the chicken on nachos is usually dry and stringy. Not this time. The red salsa they put on it was really good too. Enough cheese and guac as well as sour cream really led this to be the dish I had been waiting all week for and didn't know it. Super good. Everyones burgers appeared to be solid as well - I think all 4 members of the group were honorary members of the "Clean Plate Club." The service was good enough - dont' recall the servers name, but he kept the drinks full for the most part, gave us enough time to look at their gigantic menu. The only thing that I didn't care for was that I asked him if he could put on the UNLV basketball game. I don't know if it was on TV or not, but he never was able to get the game on and he never mentioned it again. I would have appreciated some sort of acknowledgment - that said, it was crazy busy and I can totally excuse the oversight. After a few bad experiences I'm happy to report out a good one. I definitely won't avoid this place as openly as I had in the past. Great turnaround and Yard House always has a lively atmosphere which I like.
4	Enormous beer selection. Chicken tortilla soup and bbq chicken salad are very very good. Service is fast and friendly.
5	Great place. The food here is outstanding. It's a pretty new place as well. Located near the Flamingo hotel. The customer service was great. Our waiter was awesome. On top of the great service he made the dinner even better with his humor. Chatted with us throughout the meal and made sure we were taken care of. You can eat inside or out. They have heaters outside. It's on a balcony. You take an elevator up. Bathrooms however are on the first floor. Portions are big. You can share 2-3 people. The tortilla soup is to die for. Best I ever had! Must try this place! Will be back the next Time i come out here! So good!
3	This Yard House in the Linq is definitely trendy and a solid option for food and drink when you're in the area.  The space is huge -- is it the largest YH in the country? -- and the beer list is impressively thorough.  Food is generally well done and satisfies most cravings anyone would have.  I have noticed in the past year that service is hit-or-miss, regardless of which location I've visited.  I frequent the Red Rock Casino location a lot and some days, the servers are fantastic: observant, personable, and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Other times, it's difficult to get the person's attention.  Each time I've dropped by the Linq YH, I've been underwhelmed by my service.  I don't believe that I'm a demanding diner, but I do expect to be acknowledged within 5-10 minutes of being seated and to receive a smile or two.  However, working in the service industry can be trying at the best of times, so I'm willing to give people some slack.
2	Lately ive been huge into yard house. The pok stack is sooo godd as well as the spicy tuna roll. that was no exception at this location...food tasted good coming in. However, coming out diffrent story. I have thrown up both through my mouth and ass and i know that it was from this place. I wouldnt come here again beware
1	What a bunch of crap! You can't bring an outside drink in and it's located off the strip?! Food is mediocre and expensive. I would pass
5	One of my favorite places. I do not like the way you smell after a night of boozing here (like a chemically smell), but I do love the way I feel. They, obviously, have the best beer selection in Las Vegas. The service is fantastic, and I love the fact that people know my name in here. I always sit at the bar...this is where to get the greatest service. Happy hour is the best thing going for this place. Where else can you get a Dog Fish Head 90 minute for less than $5? The food is great, I have never had anything I didn't like.
3	I'm sure the pub type food here is good but the shrimp and pasta dish i chose was blah. Shrimp was over cooked and rubbery. I hate the music that was playing. But the staff was attentive and not over bearing. I probably won't come back to eat again.
1	Great beer selection, if you can get one.  Services is among the worst I've seen. Bar tenders spend more time socializing among themselves than service.  Literally had 4 bartenders chit chatting in front of me for 5 minutes before one finally made eye contact and asked if I wanted something.  Duh. Isn't that why people come here?
4	Meeting up for a group luncheon. Excellent service by the staff. It's a little cold inside, and would have given 5 stars if it wasn't so cold. My entire table complained about it, but oh well, we just put our jackets on. They served our appetizers before the meal, which was good considering how hungry we all were! The food came out timely and nice and hot! Our orders were correct the first time around which is great because we had about 18 people in our group, so no one was left without. Great place for large groups!
5	Was exactly what we needed when we needed it. We are vegetarians, which can be incredibly frustrating when looking for a decent meal that's not overly priced. Yard House was perfect for our Monday night walk though Vegas. Took a little time to find, but was definitely worth the walk. Service was great, food was tasty and the bill was half what I was expecting. Definitely worth another visit next time we are in town.
4	Undoubtedly my new spot for reasonably priced craft beer while in Vegas.  You can order any size and take it to-go (they'll pour it into a plastic cup).  Cheers!
5	The service was excellent. Our food was exceptionally fantastic and they played my favorite music.
3	Just outside of the Linq, nice place with tons of beer choices.  Food was ok, almost like TGIF.  It felt processed.  Not chef quality meal.  Prices are average for Vegas.  Good for kid's because its loud.  Service was ok.  Our server would not be found for 15 minutes at a time.   Menu does offer Gardenia tofu based meats.  Meh
4	I'm a bit torn as to how to review Yard House. The food was delicious, the atmosphere upbeat, and the staff was really friendly. We came on a Thursday evening (730-ish) and there was no wait for a table inside (nice!). We were seated and we requested to watch a specific channel (NBA playoffs were on) and they were very accommodating (even changed the channel for us). We placed our appetizer order and got our food fairly quickly. The poke bowl and the garlic noodles from the snack menu were divine!!! We ordered our meal and waited almost an hour... Still no food. The waiter came by and apologized and said he would check on it. Took another 15 minutes for the food to come. Given we were there to watch the playoff game, it really wasn't that big of a deal. The manager came by (very nice) and apologized and said she would give us dessert on the house (awesome!). So we placed our dessert order and waited. Another 30 minutes passed and still no dessert! To sum it up, there was a glitch in the system and the kitchen wasn't receiving orders coming in from our table! Oddly enough, it was only our table that was falling through the cracks in the system (although it was weird that we got our snacks in a timely manner).The food was delicious though and the prices were just right (especially for being on the strip). The staff was very nice and did apologize profusely. The manager comped a few more items off our bill in addition to the desserts we ordered. But I can tell you, if it wasn't for the playoff game, I would have raised more of a stink. I guess it worked out... We saw the entire game (yes we were there for three full hours) and we got some other items off our bill comped. Although if I was the manager, I would have comped the entire meal (it's all about customer service) and who knows what will end up on Yelp, right? :)As for the food, the onion rings were great, sweet potato fries cooked just right, although a nice aioli sauce would have been a nice accompaniment. Steak sandwich was delish... The dessert looks good, but was a bit disappointing. We ordered the s'mores brownie and the trio. None were impressive so I would probably save room for dessert and head outside for Ghiradelli or Sprinkles.
5	Amazing service and Food.  Waiter Recommended the Angel Hair Pasta  wife fell in love w it.  Huge Beer selection and friendly.  My drink never ran dry, exceptional service and great environment to watch sports. 5 STARS: Jeff and Mathew took care of us at the Bar.
5	Great food. Nice service. Had the ribeye wish garlic mash. So good. Also the crab artichoke dip! Walked in on a Wednesday after our flight and we were seated right away! Restaurant has a nice ambiance.
5	We have Yard House here in Denver and like to go there for a decent, sit down meal or a good happy hour. We ate here on our last day and couldn't decide where to go, so we went here cause we knew it would be good. Service was good. But seemed long time periods between checking on us. We both had the 1/2 salad, 1/2 sandwich. He had the french dip and really enjoyed it. I had the Roasted Turkey Club. Thumbs up. We love the Onion Ring Tower. When we do happy hour drinks and apps, we ALWAYS get that one. Lots of TVs for sports. Large booths, high top tables, large menu, TONS of beers to choose from.
4	I had family visiting from out of town who wanted to check out The Linq. After calling several other restaurants in the area, the wait was either too long or no reservations were available. I called Yardhouse feeling somewhat defeated and the gentleman asked how far away I was and when I responded he quickly put me on the call ahead list and said to go ahead and check in when we arrived. I was greeted by many pleasant hosts and was sat with my party right away. Our server took great care of us. We ordered Moscow Mules, beer flights, queso, salads, steak, Parmesan crusted chicken and orange chicken. The items were all delicious! Everything was served in great time and full of flavor. We were very happy with the service, drinks and food and even as locals it was worth the drive to visit this Yardhouse on the Strip.
4	Darden employees have done it once again! They never fail me in showing excellent service with their customer loyalty that Darden dearly values. The customer and employee relationship that starts, as soon as you are seated, is absolutely phenomenal! This Yardhouse at the LINQ is a must visit! The unique parts of this restaurant are the floating kegs on the second floor, Most but not all employees in here is your friend and EAGER to make your first and every experience the best you've ever had. I never feel hesitant to speak to an employee for specific concerns or needs in food on the menu. Whether it is having an allergy to an ingredient or just simply not liking a particular part of the food you want to order. These employees are very willing to make you a happy customer by always going out of their way to accommodate you!  One advice I can leave you with is, be patient with this location for another year because they are fairly new, if some employees don't give superb customer service, the right information, or don't know every question, you could let a restaurant manager know to train them better. Communication is what makes the world go round! It solves many issues or concerns. I would love mention specific employees who give BEYOND excellent service each time, Martin, Jason, Ryan, and Sky.
4	Tried the sandwich and soup lunch special.   I did the french dip and it was great and I wished I had ordered the full version.  Clam cowder soup was just ok.
