4	I remember when this theater first opened up in 1990.  It was quite a multi-plex back then and it was an era before the 20-screen behemoths we have today.  The place closed this past year, but now is opened again under new management.  My husband and I went here recently and it seems to be a decent place to see a show.  Admission to all shows on Monday is only $5.00 and you get a free small popcorn!  This special is good on NON-HOLIDAY Mondays only.  So if we have time, we will try to hit it on a Monday.
4	Went here the other night for a "Girl's Night Out".  We saw "Marley and Me" here.  This place is still pretty decent, if unspectacular.
3	Not a bad place to catch a movie. $5 Mondays are great. Wish they took AmEx
4	Nice to be able to see a movie for under $10. (adult: $8.50, senior: $6, child: $6, matinee: $6) It may not be as updated as the bigger, newer, glitzier theaters in the area, but we still enjoy going here, especially for a Sunday matinee.With 10 theaters, there's usually a decent movie selection. While I am not a frequenter of movie concession stands, it seems like they have all the basics.
2	It's hard for me to rate a movie theater below three stars because you kinda know what you're getting into when you go there. This place is an exception. The seats creak loudly. While this may serve to make a horror movie extra scary, for all other movies it will just make you annoyed as hell.
4	Went here last night with my husband and some friends of ours.  Waterworks Cinema is still a decent place to see a show.  It's passed from owner to owner over the years and now I believe  Pittsburgh Theatre Corporation owns it.  I couldn't find a website and I don't believe they have online ticketing.  Still it's a few bucks cheaper than the AMC (what isn't?).
1	No HEAT late Sunday (January) night and no one around to tell.  45 degrees for a 3 hour movie.  Too many options to go back here! Good Luck!
3	Okay so this place is old and not updated, but I just love it here. It's the movie theater I feel most comfortable in. Waterworks cinema is never over crowded and never sold out. Normally the price of a ticket is $2 even $ 3 less expensive then other places.This is my theater of choice. If you go on the right day, you can see a movie playing with just 6 other people in the theater with you.  I am all about crowd aversion especially when it comes to seeing movies. Not all of their theaters have stadium seating though, but they do have 3d screens, but no imax.
4	I am a fan of locally owned.  We have been going here forever, so I am a little biased, but that being said, it is nice to be able to go to a place that isn't too expensive, not too busy and just catch a movie.  $5 Mondays, where you get a move AND popcorn is a wonderful idea.
5	I understand why everyone seems to not think so highly of this place.  But get over it people.  This is probably one of the areas best theaters to go to.  Yes, it's true, the theaters don't all have the best seating.  In fact they have the classic seating set up.  Which is nice.  Yes, stadium seating is convenient, and makes you feel like you are sitting on top of the world, but this classic seating actually made for a better experience for me.  Let us also not forget that this isn't part of one of that mega national chains.  They aren't as concerned with you earning those points for their rewards program.  What they are interested in is the fact that you enjoy your experience.  Might I suggest attending here on a Monday.  $5, free popcorn and ample parking.  I know what you are thinking, SouthSide does this too.  But when you factor in parking fees at their site, you are actually paying more.  There is 3D capability here, at least two of the theaters are able to show these type of movies.  The movie selection is great as well.
2	Used to like this theater but recently I've found the excessive talking, cell phone answering and other shenanigans that are allowed to go on during movies to be unbearable.  Go to the mills or waterfront instead.
1	I understand that all theaters are known to have high concession stand prices.  I have NO issue with that.  I know that when I purchase something.  BUT to be charged $4 for a cup (that is typically filled with soda) - a SMALL cup at that - is ridiculous.  Then, the manager had the audacity to say "well why didn't you ask for a complimentary cup" - I was put over the edge.  This was my first - and LAST visit to the waterworks theater.  I, sadly, can not read minds, so did not know a complimentary cup was available.  Especially when I asked for a bottled water and she offered to give me a cup of water/ice instead.  A bottled water (16 oz) is $3.75.  A cup of water (Under 10 oz) is $4.  The manager was not helpful, just said "sucks to be you".  REALLY?I tried not to pay for it, but all i had was a $10.  I asked for a receipt and she told me that the machine was out of tape and could not provide me with a receipt.  The customer service all in all was terrible.  The idea that they charged $4 for a cup of water is ridiculous and appalling.  Yes, I recognize that it was my fault for buying something at the concession stand.  But seriously - WATER.  A cup of water.
3	This one is a little far from Monroeville, but still on our list and a theater that we frequent when times are convenient. It's a smaller theater but the prices are competitive and once inside it's pretty much the same as everywhere else.  Parking is ample in my experience.  Popcorn is tasty and the place is efficiently run.There's nothing stand out here and there's also nothing run-down.  It's located in the end of a nice complex and the parking is well-lit.
3	I was very upset to find out that this theater charged me the admissions price of 5.00 for my 6 month old grand daughter who cannot even sit up alone to take up a seat. I was told by employee's there that everyone is charged a price during the first 2 weeks of a new movie showing. I feel this was a great rip off and she could not take advantage of the free popcorn, so basically I paid 5.00 for the small free popcorn. Very upset.
4	A nice, professionally-staffed, well maintained theater with plenty of parking.  the $5 deal on mondays is a great deal!To jackie s., NOBODY wants to watch a movie with a 6-month old baby fussing and crying throughout the movie.  I hate people who bring babies to movies!  Get a babysitter!  My wife and I have two kids and that's what we do!  Although i wish the theater would deny admission to people with babies like other theaters do, I guess they just charge admission to try to discourage the inconsiderate cheap skates!!!
4	This theater gets props for being locally owned. There are so few of those left anymore, so I appreciate the chance to patronize the little guy (at least some of the time). That being said, this isn't the newest or nicest theater around, but it's perfectly adequate. It's a bit old and outdated, but clean (including the bathrooms). Snacks are fine -- the popcorn here isn't as good as other theaters, but passable. And I appreciate that they give you free refills on both their large popcorns AND large drinks, unlike most theaters which only refill your popcorn and then count on you to die of thirst and pay for another soda. Uhhh, I mean...not that I'm ever gluttonous enough to eat a whole large popcorn and then get it refilled. Nope.  Anyway, in my experience, it's never super crowded, which is nice (I don't particularly enjoy playing Elbow Wars on the armrest with some stranger sitting next to me). They do have stadium seating in a few of their bigger screens (usually used for the big blockbuster movies), but the smaller screens have the old-school seating set up (and those typically are used for the less popular movies).Prices are about on par with other theaters, if not a bit cheaper ($9.00 for an evening show, $6.50 for a matinee).They also have a great special on Mondays...$5.00 for any showing with a free popcorn.They primarily show mainstream movies, but occasionally they will surprise by playing more limited-release films too (big shout out to Waterworks Cinema for being one of the first theaters in the area to screen "Boyhood" recently). Overall, not a bad place to enjoy a flick if you're in the area.
3	The theater could use updated. Friendly staff and clean but they dont show all new releases and the theater is on the small side...love the location. I can dine and shop in the mall but they need a bigger theater to have longevity.
