5	Jerry came to fix our dryer within one day of calling for an appointment. He gave just a two-hour appointment window and arrived well within it. He's clearly very experienced and diagnosed the problem in less than a minute. With replacement parts in his truck the whole thing was finished in about 20 minutes and it cost well less than Sears' flat rate. You just can't ask for any better service than that, and you get to support a local small business to boot.
5	Our refrigerator and freezer suddenly stopped cooling, so having to relocate all the contents and get someone to repair it had to happen in a hurry.  I'm so glad I called Adams.  Jerry returned my early morning call within 30 minutes and came out the same day despite a full schedule.  He quickly diagnosed and replaced the faulty part and we were up and running in 15 minutes.  He even tightened up a loose connection for our water line and had the appropriate water filter for our model in his truck and changed it for us (something we had been negligent in doing!).  Pricing was fair and service was exceptional.  I highly recommend Adams Appliance Repair, a great local business!
5	Fast.  Dependable.  Fair. Honest.  All traits of a good repair service and Adams can be described by all of these.  I was having issues with my refrigerator and Jerry showed up on time, quickly found the issue, and had me up and running in less than 30 minutes.  Pricing was reasonable for the work performed and I would call them the next time I needed an appliance repaired.
5	This guy is impressive.  We had washer issues at a business.  Our regular guy was one week out so we needed to call around.  In calling several places some did not answer.  It may have been by happenstance BUT he answered within a few rings.  He was at our business the same day, within hours!!I actually chose him as one of the options because of the positive reviews and in this case they rang true.  He found the problem.  Unfortunately it was a fluke of a problem and we needed to get a new washer.  The good thing is that we did not have to wait one week AND THEN buy a new washer.  This washer is at a business and it gets it's exercise all day long.Thanks SO much for answering the phone and prompt visit.  When you are in need of appliance repair, I can only speak to washers, this is the guy to call!
5	I am so pleased with Jerry's service! He calls back quickly, schedules quickly, is affordable, knowledgeable and very respectful of my house. We've called upon his services twice now. Once on our Kenmore fridge and today on our Kenmore gas dryer. He had all the necessary parts to fix the problems both times. He's knowledgable enough to be able to find the problems quickly. I highly recommend calling him! Next time we run into a problem appliance we certainly will.
5	Jerry is great.  Fair.  Honest.  Responsive.  Knowledgeable.  The kind of guy you are happy to pay when the job is done.  He fixed my hi-tech fridge earlier this year and I have to call him tomorrow to fix my dishwasher.  You can't go wrong with Jerry.
5	In the middle of cooking dinner for my wife's book club, the oven in my GE Profile range crapped out.  I quickly diagnosed the problem (a faulty oven igniter, a common predicament for this model), moved my roasted cauliflower to the grill and started calling around to find someone to get my oven back on line.  When I called old stand-by Direct Home Appliance Repair, a customer service rep from Diamond Factory Service answered.  They did not have the part I needed in stock, so the best they could do was promise a visit four days in the future - ahhhh, thanks, but no thanks.  I then left a message for AppliancePros, who lived up to their 1-star reputation on Yelp by calling by back a day and a half later.  While I also reached voice mail when I called Adams Appliance Repair, but then owner Jerry Adams promptly returned my call.  We discussed my diagnosis (he mentioned he had made this repair numerous times) and we set up a service call at a mutually convenient time the following day.  On the day of the service call, Jerry called thirty minutes prior to the scheduled time letting me know that he was on his way - so far, so good.  Jerry arrived right on time and went right to work, fixing the problem in forty minutes.  He tested his work, explained the replacement part would create an off odor for the first hour in use and that was it.  The price was exactly what he quoted on the phone.  I could not be happier with the result.Based on this experience, I would highly recommend Adams Appliance Repair to anyone in need of appliance repair services.
5	Thanks to yelp reviews I called Adams Appl. first when my oven control panel went dark one day. The message machine said they do not work on weekends so I left a message on a Sat morning. At 8:30 AM Monday, Jerry called me and arranged to come out that day - he ordered the part and installed it on Wed. morning.Jerry Adams was very efficient - and no nonsense - had a fair price and you gotta love a person who calls you back and comes when scheduled. 5 stars for sure.No credit cards.
