5	Great service! Chris was very professional and on time. He quickly fixed all my computer problems and was reasonably priced. I was very happy and plan on using him for all my computer needs. Thanks again!
5	Last weekend, we had a problem with our router crashing, causing our entire home network to crash.  That is a problem, considering that it connects everything in our house from our computers, to our small business network, to our Home Entertainment and our security system.  It all goes through our home network.As it was the weekend, our regular IT guys were not available, and I could not wait 2 days for them to be back in the office.  A friend referred me to SpeakGeek, and I can't tell you how glad I am.  Not only was he able to come out on a weekend, he was at my house in less than 3 hours, and was able to get a new router installed and set up that same day.  He even took the time to go through each component on our network, remap everything, and make sure it was all working before he left.  He also took the time to reprogram the remote for our Home Theater and combine everything so we could stop using 3 remotes to run our system.  He went above and beyond the call of duty.  Chris was extremely knowledgeable, professional, and his rates are astoundingly low.  I'd be happy to use his service again.
5	Chris knows his stuff! We've used Chris a couple times. Once for one of our computers that got a virus and another time when we needed our NAS Drive changed and files transferred. Both times, he was quick and made sure everything was working before he left. He is very knowledgeable, fast, professional, and very helpful....and works weekends. Oh, and he speaks geek, and doesn't make you feel inferior just because you don't. We have found our new "geek" and we would highly recommend Chris for any computer or network problem you may have, there is no one better - BAR NONE!!Call him, you won't be disappointed.
5	I am not a computer geek and don't always understand viruses and such but Chris explained a few things that made more sense and fixed the problems. I recommend Speak Geek for everyone needing a fix on their computers..!!
5	Chris was fantastic, came in and scrubbed our virus in less then 20 minutes!   I highly recommend him....
5	When my computer crashed all I could think to do was go out, buy a new one, and lose all my documents, pictures, and data I had saved over the years.  But, I didn't do that.  I called Chris at SpeakGeek.  Chris was not only able to fix the crashed part but was also able to recover all my stuff. All of the pictures of my now 3 year old since birth.  All my important documents.  Everything was back.  I never signed up with a backup site or even backed up my info.  I lived in a "that won't happen to me world because I don't go to 'those' sites and don't download videos or music".  It can happen to you.  Call SpeakGeek anytime you need a professional, courteous, and knowledgeable computer guy.  Chris speaks geek so I don't
5	Not only does Chris do computers, he mounted and hooked up my flat screen.  Showed my how to use the equipment and helped my out with some issues I was having online!  He is a valuable resource and does a great job.
5	Chris was great and made himself available to accommodate my schedule after work one night recently.  He cleaned up two lap tops we have, installed some anti-virus software, and fixed a "key-chain" issue that popped up out of nowhere and locked me out of my computer.  His prices were VERY reasonable.  For your computer/IT needs for home or business, call Chris Droge.
5	Chris over at speakgeek is an awesome person to deal with when its comes to computer work.  Im not the comp kind of guy, So he had set up some software for me for a database.  I never thought something could be so simple to use until Chris set an appointment with me and did a step by step process that took maybe 30 min.  I now keep all my clients organized with this software he set up for me.  Let him speak geek and do his thing bc this company will blow you away with there services
5	This is the kind of service that GeekSquad cant give! Personal, professional, experienced and at HALF the cost! Do yourself and your computers a favor and give SpeakGeek a call. We got a virus-filled laptop AND desktop totally cleaned up in about an hour. It is so convenient that they do housecalls, so I dont have to lug my desktop into some store. Great service and great results! Chris also gave both computers a tune-up so now they're running better than ever! Thanks Chris and thanks SpeakGeek!
1	Found this company on CL and thought I'd call them for some help with my laptop. I looked into them like I do with any company I find on CL (or haven't heard of before) and this company isn't licensed to do business anywhere in the Vegas area.  Caveat Emptor!  I wouldn't call 'em myself knowing that, so I thought I'd let Yelp Land know too.
