5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!   Stephanie at the front desk is so great!  She is patient and professional and doesn't freak out when you do. Took my Greyhound Cooper here to have his teeth cleaned as he has had terrible problems since his time on the race track. The track obviously didnt take care of him at all. We had taken him to get his teeth cleaned a year prior and were so surprised that they didnt pull any of his teeth because we could tell that he had some serious issues going on in there.  But I digress.... By the time we got him to Courtyard my poor dog needed to have 36 teeth pulled!!  36!!! he only has 6 teeth left!  Poor guy... but the point is I just about passed out and freaked out for a second or two... Stephanie was as "Cool as the underside of my pillow" and let me have my moment.  They took great care of Cooper and of us.  I was shocked at how low the Vet Bill ended up being for having to pull 36 teeth!  They were so great!  You can tell that every member of their staff cares about the animals.  The Dr's are WONDERFUL!!!  I love my dogs like my kids and wouldn't ever recommend a Vet unless I was 100% sure.  LOVE THESE GUYS!!  Reasonable Price, Great Service, Excellent Vet & Staff.  Your baby will be safe there and so will your wallet!!FYI.. Grooming Special $30 for toe nail trim, bath, ear cleaning, and brushing.  PLUS if you take your dog their for their shots they get a free grooming!!  I'm telling you they are the BEST!!!
5	The first person (Angelique E.) was on point when she described this place! Personally I originally picked this place because it was walking distance from my apartment, which is litereally right next door.....ohhh and the 1st time client coupon special which is on their website.I've been going to this vet for 2 years and haven't been dissatisfied yet.The wait isn't usually long and they have a drop off service for your pet. They call you up to let you know when your pet is ready for pick up. The building looks fairly up to date and modern and it also has pet boarding next door. Also there are 2 seperate entrances and waiting areas, 1 for dogs the other for cats (which I've never seen before) And is a pretty good idea for the dogs who don't like cats and vice versa.One thing I've always seen was Dr. Park's cat usually at the front desk with a cute little t-shirt on ready to greet people on the counter and his little dog roaming around the clinic hahaha.Here's a mini break down...Grooming Special $30 for toe nail trim, bath, ear cleaning, and brushing.  PLUS if you take your dog their for their shots they get a free grooming!!  If your big on coupons....go to their website. www.cahlv.com and print it out! (FREE exam for new clients.) When using the coupon. C'mon people who else does that??Besides having those deals, Dr. Park seems genuinely concerned and really nice. My dog Vega came in for a visit one day, but then a few days later (maybe 3) I had to take Shug in with me and of course Vega came along. Dr Park decided just to re-look at Vega once again and saw that her nails didn't look trimmed to his liking and seemed upset about that because she was just in there not too long ago (so someone in the back must of been slacking) Anyhow he was on it and had her nails get trimmed pronto!Just a mini example of how he cares =D And Stephanie at the front desk is a super star =)Just like the 1st person to review said..."She is patient and professional and doesn't freak out when you do. "She seem's to be the only one there most of the time.Other staff members that I have run into were also friendly as well.So if anyone ever gives a bad review...I'd be really surprised.
5	My cat has special needs. She 'specially needs a breath mint. Her breath has smelled like her butt for years, but recently it was noticeably worse so naturally I thought her insides got turned around and that it was time to go to the vet. A coworker recommended Dr. Park and Courtyard and I couldn't be happier.  I have a hairless cat and sometimes they come with their own set of interesting problems. As it turns out kitty's insides did not get turned around! She was just in desperate need of a cleaning and required a few tooth extractions. I dropped her off one morning, and by early evening kitty was hairless and partially toothless with a clean bill of heath ... and better smelling breath.Dr. Park is truly a wonderful vet!
5	The staff and dr here are awesome! Wouldn't take my animals anywhere but here.  Highly recommend using them! They also offer boarding as well as grooming.
5	All the staff and both vets at Courtyard are wonderful. They love our dog Ladybird and that makes me feel comfortable when we board the animals there! We've being using the vet and boarding services for about 3 years and have had many good experiences.
5	We have been going to Dr. Park for years.  He and his staff have been great. Then out of nowhere we get a letter dated 10/13/14 stating he is closing effective 10/17/14.  We received this letter on 10/17/14.I was no too happy about the lack of notice from him.  I had call on that Monday to get a refill of medication for my cat and no one even mentioned this.  They told me it would be a couple of days before I could pick it up.  Then on that Friday I get the notice in the mail.  I ended up having to go to another vet and paying much more for the medication.  Very unprofessional way to end his business.
