5	Camelback Chiropractic is hands down the best Chiro office I've been in, and trust me I've been to my share. Dr. Justin and his staff have really taken care of my Husband and I after our recent car accident. He had us started on a care plan just days after our accident, and I was in a lot of pain with a very limited range of motion. I'm far from out of the woods yet, but Charity my physical therapy trainer has been amazing, and has really helped me come a long way.  The adjustments are just icing on the cake and really bring almost instant relief to my sore, messed up neck. I plan to continue my visits to CC as I know if there's hope for pain relief, it will be with the help of Dr. Justin and his team.
5	I went there with a coupon and received great service. The doctors were professional, knowledgeable and polite. The front office staff was courteous and professional as well. The facility was in great shape. There is even an on staff masseuse. In the end it was too far of a drive for me, but if I lived closer, I would definitely continue to utilize their services. Thanks!
2	UPDATE: While my rating is still low, I gave an extra star due to the fact that I was contacted by the business owner who accepted responsibility instead of making excuses. I've had a better experience at this location a year or two back and may have run into a glitch this go around.I may be big on customer service and proper follow up, but it is what it is. If I'm told that I'm going to be contacted back after my insurance is verified so that I can schedule an appointment for treatment, then I'd like to be contacted. This didn't happen when I contacted the office. I heard back from one of the owners right away, but when it came down to the staff following up on coverage, the ball got dropped big time. I contacted a different chiro office, was verified within 15 minutes, and scheduled and have been treated twice already. My wife is also scheduled to be treated this week. Maybe if I'd have walked in and stood there I would have gotten better service, but who knows?
