5	Second Line Cafe is absolutely wonderful.  If you like cajun food, then you have to eat here!  I went twice in one week, that's how good it is and the service is great.  I've tried the shrimp po boy, the chicken and sausauge gumbo, the seafood gumbo, red beans and rice, catfish, cornbread and the yams.  I know, it's a lot, but have gone with friends and ordered a lot to try it all.  I've eaten shrimp po boys at beach locations and New Orleans and I have to say that this poy boy is way better than anything I've ever had.  The breading they use is so good and different.  The owners and chefs are so kind and humble and are so grateful to have you as a customer.  They'll remember you and your name!  Although it's not in the greatest part of town or in a building that looks like the Ritz, the food inside can't be missed.  They will start opening on Sunday's soon where they'll serve fried chicken and other good stuff.  Already have plans to go again on Sunday.  Enjoy and tell Duma I say hello.
5	WOW! I really have no other words for this place. I was born and raised in Louisiana and in my 2 years in Phoenix I have searched high and low for anything that even resembles the awesome food I'm used to.  I randomly found out about this place from someones Facebook status (like i said--random) and decided I needed to check it out.  I don't get out of my "Scottsdale" bubble very often, but this was definitely worth the trip.  The area is nothing spectacular and if you blink you might miss the small building that houses Second Line but please give it a chance! When you walk in everyone makes you feel right at home and you feel like you are eating at a friends house. I had the fried catfish dinner with red beans & rice and cornbread.  I am not a huge fan of seafood (shocking because i'm from Louisiana) and I am very picky about catfish and this was the MOST DELICIOUS catfish I have ever had--the breading is amazing and starting on Sunday they will have fried chicken with the same breading!! Needless to say I will be in attendance:) My friend had the Chicken & Sausage gumbo (something else I am very picky about) and it was delicious.  On Sunday they will start a new menu (including crab cakes and etoufee) and I will be sure to get a copy to scan in. Do yourself a favor and try out Second Line!
5	What a great place to eat.  It appears to be a two man shop.  Duma, the owner, greats you (and everyone else) and as he says, makes a customer for life.  The food was fantastic, I had the shrimp Po Boy, and it was amazing.  I plan on reeling in a few co-workers for the next visit.I have been to another Phoenix spot, Baby Kay's on Camelback (probably owe them a review) and the food here is top notch and on par with what you'll find anywhere.If you want some authentic Louisiana cuisine, this is the place to go.
5	Still great.  I have been dragging co-workers there left and right.  Everyone loves the food.  Duma is a great host.  Be prepared to smell like grease when you leave though..  But the food is worth it.  The Jerk Chicken Po Boy is good, but the shrimp is hands down my favorite.
4	If you're lookin' for some Creole and Caribbean cuisine in the Phoenix area, you should make a beeline to Second Line in south Phoenix!Second Line, which is located at 2727 E. Broadway Road, opened its doors on Jan. 23, 2009 is a much-needed addition to the growing soul food restaurant culture here in the Valley of the Sun. The small eatery is owned by Duma Shange and Stan Schofield who are cousins and are originally from New Orleans.I've already made two trips to Second Line - one time I had the chicken sausage gumbo and seafood gumbo (separate items), the other time I had the vanilla cake waffle. I brought the chicken sausage gumbo and seafood gumbo to a party a few weeks ago and the guests nearly fought each other for seconds and thirds! The shrimp and crabmeat were scrumptious and the chicken and sausage were really flavorful. The hot sauce took the gumbo to a whole other level!  The vanilla cake waffle was sweet and really thick - I only ate half and I was full. Second Line also has other specialty waffles such as southern pecan, chocolate chip, blueberry, banana and strawberry shortcake.I wish I could post the whole menu online - Second Line has a wide variety of foods from waffles, grits, red beans and rice to fish and shrimp po boys, jerk chicken, stuffed peppers and fried fish!Stan is the self-proclaimed master of the "distinctly creole" meals such as the jerk chicken, po boys, red beans and rice and stuffed peppers. Stan grew up in New Orleans and moved out to Phoenix only a few months ago.Duma said he and Stan learned to cook at an early age from their parents."A good percentage of males from New Orleans know how to cook soul food because it is important to preserving our heritage," said Duma. "What we cook - whether it is gumbo or etouffee - is a form of African retention. These meals have been passed down from generation to generation and we will continue the tradition."Duma says his soul food is different from what most people would consider as soul food."Our soul food reflects Louisiana's history - the seafood, the slavery, the French influence of the 18th century," Duma stated.Duma and Stan felt that Phoenix was a great place to set up shop because they saw an opportunity to share their food with a market that was craving a downhome Creole and Caribbean cuisine. Their ultimate goal is to branch out to several locations locally and maybe go nationwide.But for now, they'll be happy to welcome anyone who wants to visit their quaint restaurant on Broadway Road! However, if you bring a group of more than 20 people - somebody will have to sit outside! Yes, the restaurant is small!!!Support Second Line! Duma and Stan will treat you like family. Tell 'em Tremaine sent ya!
1	OUT OF BUSINESSVisited sunday 8/30/2009 at 1pm.There was no sign indicating business name nor any sign of life.
