5	I have been going to Premier Auto Collision for several years now.  I have 3 vehicles and have had major to minor work done and will not go anyplace else.  Keith, the owner, is truly honest and this shop does excellent work.  They are fast, reliable, and very reasonable. They do body work and/or any engine repair.  It seems they can do it all!!   If you want it done right for a fair price, this is the place to go!!!
5	Very honest and fair shop. Keith the owner is always very accommodating and his prices come in very reasonable. Highly recommended!
5	Although the name is Premier Auto Body, Keith's shop can fix just about any problem you have with your car.  I have 3 vehicles that I have been taking here for several years now.  From minor to major work, Keith has kept my cars running great and his prices are very reasonable.  Being a woman, I was used to mechanics taking advantage of my lack of knowledge regarding auto repair.  Keith has been honest, his prices the best and he gets me in and out quickly.  I won't go anywhere else!!!!
5	Many thanks to Premier Auto Body for doing a pre-purchase body and frame inspection on a car I was buying. Keith took valuable time out of his schedule, on a Saturday, and inspected the used car I was buying. After having the car on the lift and carefully looking at the undercarriage and all the body panels, he advised me that the car looked very clean. Carfax can't do what Keith was able to do, as cars can be wrecked and never reported to Carfax. His inspection was worth gold in my book, but he charged nothing. I can't say enough how thankful I am, so I'll just say thanks very much for the great service.
5	They do more than collision repair, they're by far the best mechanics in town. They fix all 4 of my vehicles, the FIRST TIME, I've been going there for 3 years now. They tell you the price as best they can, if your car is a lemon they won't B.S with you about it, they will tell you "it's a lemon your best option is to get rid of it". How many Mechanics that you know will tell you that?!? Keith and his team are the best.
5	I needed body work on my car, and took it to Keith. He was the least expensive, and the most thorough in doing the estimate. The work was excellent, and I was able to rent a car through him and Hertz at a discount. All I can say is, better price, less time, and great job. I will always take my cars to him for repair and maintenance.
2	I had Keith and his team repair some body work on my vehicle. When completed, the work was very unsatisfactory. There was quite a bit of overspray and the body line was non existent. They offered to repair the work rather than refund my money. I obliged after another shop manager promised me it would be 5 star quality. Although the repair was much better than the initial body work, it is still unsatisfactory. It certainly does not appear as if it were "as good as new." Although the guys here are friendly, the prices are reasonable and they did work with me, I cannot recommend this place. You get what you pay for.
3	The office was a little untidy, in the back it was very dusty and messy. Keith is pretty cool but I got the vibe from him that he was seriously exhausted or a little irritated. I just came to get a quote and the prices were a little higher than I expected. I only have a couple dents here and there and the work is estimated to come out to around 1,400 dollars. It's not like I'm pushing a Benz either, just a 94 Civic.
