5	This was amazing. Do you have a presence on Yelp as well? I would love to reciprocate. Kevin Hardin now heads up the Mortgage Mediation Group at Arboleda Brechner and that means that this law firm is ready to stand toe to toe with the banks as heavyweight mediation champs. Kevin Hardin stands up to the finance giants on behalf of the commoner who is seeking the best legal protection possible when it comes to foreclosure, short sale, and mortgage related issues associated with distressed property situations.Kevin has successfully helped clients of mine who fall into the regular guy category as well as the affluent category where there are assets that call for real protection.As a real estate professional I find it unconscionable to imagine any of my counterparts listing homes as short sales without directing the client to seek legal counsel upfront. I'm not a legal expert any more than I'm a heart surgeon, and that's why I feel so good about recommending Kevin and his staff to help people sort through these matters.Send Kevin an email if you want to learn more about his services.  "Remember, if you are or know someone that is facing a point today or in the near future where the home is no longer affordable or it no longer makes sense to keep paying and the home is underwater, please call us to learn what legal obligations and rights exist before the home is short sold, foreclosed or walked away from."Kevin W. Hardin, CMB, CMC, CMPSDirector, Mortgage Mediation GroupSpecialized Mortgage ParalegalArboleda BrechnerAttorneys At Law4545 E. Shea Blvd.Suite 120Phoenix, AZ 85028888-909-1030www.MortgageMediationGroup.comWant to speak with me about other short sale professionals who can help? Send me an email at John@PhoenixDesertRidge.com and visit http://www.PhoenixDesertRidge.com for information about the Desert Ridge area.
5	These are great attorneys that offer innovative solutions at a very reasonable price.  Personally, they have helped my family in a time of debt crisis get a positive result.  Criticism which says they "push" you into bankruptcy is like criticizing a dentist for "pushing" you to get a cavity filled.  As it turns out, bankruptcy is sometimes, and quite often, the best option for struggling folks.  Impressively, these guys have beaten down education loan servicers to yield extremely positive results (large principal and interest reductions).  They have been able, through strategic bankruptcy, gain results for their clients that the industry, by and large, assumes are impossible.  They cannot claim they are experts for ethical reasons, but I will say that they have a particular and unique "expertise" for representing debtors and student borrowers that is unparalleled in the industry.
5	Excellent Firm!
