3	Ah... Captain D's...Quite torn since this place falls into limbo land in my classification of "fast" food and sit down.  Probably more leaning to the fast food side... you do come in, order at a counter, and the food is brought out to you... but it's not your normal burger and fries type fast place, it's seafood.  And if there is one thing you don't want to rush is the cooking of seafood (definitely don't' want to get sick on account of hasty cooking).This place also does have a drive thru.... so I'm just going to give up the debate and call it fast food.  I've only dined in in most of my experiences here, but I recently went thru the drive through, and it wasn't that bad.  It's not  your typical drive through since you end up waiting a few minutes and the drive around gets a bit backed up.  I like the fact that you don't have to get out of your car... but you do burn a lot of gas just parked along side of the building [ I ended up turning my engine off for a few minutes ].Mostly everything they offer here is deep fried.  So gurd your arteries here... it is fish, so the protien is probably better for you than a normal beef patty, but the batter doesn't give a strong case to making it any healthier than that.  Sides include:  hush puppies, fries, and cole slaw...The staff is very nice and depending on how slammed the dining room is, there can be a wait sometimes.  Nice assortment of sauces to chose from, tarter, malt vinegar... and dip to your hearts delight (or fright - depending on how much you consume).
1	I really try not to eat here much, so the time away you would think they would get it together.  This place is the slowest fast food in the history of fast food.  I ordered two fish sandwiches and as long as it took you would think I ordered several family meals.  I waited for 20 minutes, someone came to the window once and said it'll be a few minutes and get this he was the cook.  The people up front was so engulfed in their conversation I don't think they even remembered I was sitting there.  Finally my food was ready and I got a potato, well no forks, no butter, no sour cream, no nothing. And the guy looked at me and said oh I didn't know you wanted those things. But h did give me one napkin how sweet. This place stinks, and some how after all that time the food was not good. Imagine that.
1	Thought I'd give this place one last chance.... as my last two visits was a nightmare.  thought the drive through pulled in 5:50 pm no one in front. Speaker garbled words placed order after several repeats. 6:pm lady took money at window.........6:05 turned off engine........6:35 cars backing up behind me  finally food delivered.   pulled to parking space  No tarter sauce for fish, no napkin, no straw for drink, no dressing for salad.... went to inside to get forgotten items......food was warm but not hot.  the crew walking around in a daze like asked three time for items another 15 minutes....I could have driven to the other D's in Pineville or Monroe for the time Spent here to get warm food and no service
