2	We decided to try this place out as we had received a mailer for AYCE dinner for less than $20 a person; however, when we got there, they were having a special of $16.95 a person, so we nixed the coupon.  We did have to give our information to get the special pricing (i.e., name, address, etc.), so of course I gave fake information.  The place was a little weird; the location (next to Sonic) is not ideal and there is a smoke shop inside also.  I have never seen a smoke shop in a sushi restaurant, especially in such a small restaurant.  The sushi selection was not expansive.  The iced tea tasted horrible.  The rice was a bit hard/overcooked, but overall, the sushi rolls were edible.  The server/owner was nice, but a little too curious to know how we heard of his restaurant and also proceeded to tell us details about how expensive rent at the restaurant's former location was.  It was a little awkward since no one was there, so we felt like our every move/word was being watched/heard.  Dessert selection was also not great.While it wasn't a "terrible" experience, I suppose I would rather pay the extra $10 a person and eat at a better sushi restaurant in the area.
1	for a korean restaurant KIMCHI should be the best...but theirs was so nasty...the restaurant itself is not inviting design wise...i just hope the kind owner would ask ROBERT IRVINE of RESTAURANT IMPOSSIBLE to revamp this place
2	the service was great, the deal was good, the food tasted okay but I was sick for two days after eating here. thats about as much as I can handle at the thought of this place
1	We thought we'd try some place new so we went there. Huge sign said BBQ - SUSHI then smoke shop underneath. Walked in, it was empty and there was a small section dedicated to cigarette purchasing. Place looked like it was on a budget.. A very low budget. Cheaply decorated. Lots of supplies and stuff that should be in storage was laying around. We got excited because there was a special for $16.99 all you can eat. Menu was small. Nigiri (sushi) was not good. Two pieces were fresh but the others looked like they were sitting around for awhile. Also I'm not a sushi chef, but I'm pretty sure there's difference between sushi rice and steamed rice. Miso soup was probably from a package and shrimp tempura look previously frozen. Green tea was served with a hot water in a styrofoam  cup and a tea packet like you would find in a hotel room. Dessert was only three types of mochi & it was okay. I normally love mochi, but after eating some what of my food, I didn't enjoy it as much. I felt really bad because the person serving us was nice, but I honestly could not take anymore.
4	Cheapest AYCE sushi price 16.99$ for the whole day. The whole menu is include in AYCE. This place is really hidden by Sonic so me and my husband are usually the only ones there. The restaurant itself isnt anything fancy. The owner is really nice and didn't charge for my couple of unbeaten rolls. It's not the best sushi but for the price and the decency of it, I will keep coming back :)
4	Want it short and simple? Its like a little piece of chinatown in south vegas. If you are used to dodgy sushi places in chinatown, you'll feel right at home here. For me, the sushi is great considering the price is at least five bucks cheaper than any of the other sushi joints in the area. As for the smokeshop, well again, its pretty similar to a chinatown sushi place. If what youre looking for is a fancy show and flashy chefs, then don't go here, ya dum-dum!
3	Something you should know before going; weekdays before 3pm is bbq only and sushi is served all day on weekends only. The bbq is good and the sushi is okay. Weekdays before 3pm is good for korean bbq lunch with banchan. An order of chap chae goes well with the bbq. The kalbi (galbi) is quite tasty. The desert mochi is served whole unless you request that it be cut when ordering. If you find any difficulty in chewing the tuna slices make sure you let the server know so they can get a better supplier. Overall good people and good food. They just need to step it up on fresh tuna quality and make salmon skin rolls a menu item. Their kalbi is a surprisingly formidable rival to the other bbq/sushi restaurants in the southwest.
4	I had the bbq beef & shrimp plate for take away. I was impressed with the 4 sides it came with including rice. It was neatly packed in the box and it tasted good. I would definitely go back to try other foods.
5	Love this place! great food and great service!
