1	This review is for Easytech that's inside Staples. Dropped off my laptop to be diagnosed since it I was getting blue screen and error message related to the operating system. Informed technician that was getting OS message and tested computer. Came back after three alleged tests that said it was the DEFINITELY the motherboard. You know, in that know it all kinda way...Asked 2nd in house technician to test it again and once again came back and said it was motherboard. Offered to send it off to be refurbished for $369.99 and told me that they would do everything that was needed. Called me back 2nd day to let me know that they couldn't refub. DEll XPS laptops with video cards and to get someone to replace the MB.  You'd thing that's something they would know. Ordered MB and had it installed by another technician  and it turned out to be the operating system.  Emailed technician regarding the inaccurate diagnosis and never received a reply. Morons. Certainly wouldn't assume just because they are working on computers that they know what they are talking about. Got me.
3	You know about Staples so I won't bore you with that. The employees here are nice, but the labeling of which products are on which aisle leaves much to be desired. The past couple of times I've stopped in here it's seemed a bit difficult to find what I was looking for. It's a good place to stop when I need something for grad school in a hurry and can't wait for an order placed via Amazon to arrive.
1	I went shopping at Staples today for my store business supplies. I was appalled by the service I received from the associates in the front including the manager, Katie. I had made purchases and awaited assistance from the "manager" in regards to a defected item. While I waited an associate approached me. I told her I was awaiting a managers assistance. I then told her the item I wanted to purchase was defected. Instead of checking another store for the item. She told me 10% off. Then I told her I would wait for the manager. She SLAMMED the item on the counter and said the manager will tell me the same. At this point I could not believe the hostility towards a customer. I waited for the manager, Katie. I told Katie about my experience with the associate. Katie then told me okay, without apologizing for the experience I just encountered. I then proceeded to locate a corporate number. Katie then approached me with the stores number. I cannot tolerate this service. The employees here definitely do not want to be there. They should have the proper training. I could not believe that the manager's actions were just like the associate. Extremely rude. I refuse to shop at this Staples for my business supplies. I may get better service at a competitors store. I really just want upper management to know the things that are occurring in this location. Katie the "manager" - Very unprofessional, unpolished, appeared that she hasn't showered in a few days.
5	Great Service!!!  I needed some items printed for a baby shower so I emailed a pdf file to them.  When I arrived with my card stock they had my email opened and promptly printed the items while I shopped in the store for a few more things.  Printing was perfect and fast.  The customer service clerk Tina was so gracious on the phone and in person.  Thank You for making this very easy for me.
5	I have been here twice and have to say all the staff members are polite and courteous. I have had use of their copy & print department twice now both times the cost was acceptable and the production was excellent. They are always polite and friendly. I would also recommend if you do a lot of print needs sign up for their rewards program because you save 5% on all your transactions. Wedding, letterhead, business cards, flyers(which is why i was there both times) and even large format. They are excellent to work with and do great work.
1	Bad customer service. I went there to exchange something I had bought 1 hour before and if was such a hassle to get mh money back. The guys are very expressive and did not find that professional.
3	Average location. Staff is OK but nothing to brag on. They usually don't speak to you unless you speak to them first which is kind of a turn off customer service wise. Again, just average, nothing special here.
