4	I have really enjoyed banking at Chase and think their Customer Service is great.  Any of the times I've needed to come in for various in-person tasks, their bankers have been friendly and quick to provide you with service.  The first time I went in to open my account, I was attended by this super cool gal and we chatted it up for a good while after talking account stuff and then realizing we had quite a bit in common.  Most recently when hubby and I went in for another in-person task, their banker, a latin gentleman (from the same country as my parents) attended us very well - we also ended up chatting it up for a bit after we all realized we had a lot in common.  I can honestly say these two people I point out here could easily be cool and good friends.  I guess all that goes to make you feel like they hire people like "you and I" and so that is comforting when you are giving Chase your business and your time.  Plus this place is convenient - ATM is never packed and you're always in and out.
1	I have been a loyal customer for 14 years and was shocked to look at my accounts and see $87 if fees. I have a checking account that I thought met all the requirements for free checking and was hit with $87 in charges. I will be closing all my accounts. It's a shame as the staff at this branch is helpful and really nice.
1	I've been banking with Chase since 2006 and have yet to have a negative experience, until a very disappointing experience I had today with this branch. The bankers and tellers I have interacted with at other Chase Bank branches across the US from Denver, NYC to Lexington, Ky have been incredibly helpful and expeditious when assisting me. And the drive thru tellers are usually kind at this branch. However, today, I sat for 30 minutes, with a grumpy toddler, waiting to be helped. And there I sat, with only one person acknowledging me. She offered my child a lollipop and kindly informed me she had an appointment with a client or she would have been happy to help me, until I decided to leave. Not one person, after the friendly banker, popped over to say that they were going to take a while with their current client or gave me an approximate wait time. I even approached a teller who had no customers in line, to inform them that a fellow customer and I both needed help and that we had been waiting for some time. After a quick apology from the teller and my returning to the waiting area, still no one assisted us. There was no sense of urgency from the employees.In short, it was a very disappointing customer service experience. After a meltdown from my toddler and 30 minutes of total waiting, I needed to leave and so I did. Without an acknowledgment of my presence or of my leaving. I bank with this branch only because it's conveniently close to my home. But, from now on, unless absolutely necessary, will I go into the lobby to be assisted.
