5	I'd like to introduce you to our newly remodeled bar. We pride ourselves in being the upscale dive bar where everyone feels very comfort.  Please come join us in this exciting experience
5	Just went for the first time last night.  I was so impressed on the customer service, and how friendly everyone was.  The owners were there and went out of there way above and beyond to make my boyfriend and I feel welcome. And they have one of the best burgers I have ever had.  And I heard they also have an amazing $2.99 breakfast.  You cant beat that.....this is a definite must visit! I plan on making it one of my hang-outs!!!!
4	I want this place to be a 5/5. The concept is great. My husband and I have visited twice this month, our first visit on 8.2.14 and our second visit this morning. The drinks are great. The service really couldn't be better. The prices are phenomenal. It's a dive bar with a diverse crowd, and it's super comfortable.During our first visit, we ordered beers and a shot. One that isn't commonly seen in Phoenix, it's called a "Mind Eraser." The bartender absolutely nailed it and she seemed very happy to oblige. We were so pleased. My only (very small) complaint is that the bar's website lists a great breakfast menu and touts "ALL!!! Free Breakfast until Noon with Drink Purchase" on Sundays. We purchased cocktails at 9am today and our breakfast was not free. Also, half of the menu - as listed on the website was crossed out and unavailable. I get it, offering a huge selection is tough, but it seems like a small website update is in order. We were not disappointed with our experience as a whole, but we did come in with unclear expectations. That was a bummer. The food we ordered was delicious - Hideaway West Breakfast (eggs over easy w/ bacon, hash, and sourdough toast), and Biscuits & Gravy. The hash browns were our very favorite part of the meal. They came very well done with green peppers. Just the right amount too. I hope this place continues to grow because they've got something special here.
5	This is an all around hole in the wall dive bar!!! They have drunken Karaoke Weds, funny as hell drunken arguments. THIS PLACE IS entertainment at its cheapest and finest!!!
