5	Tracy is my salvation.  I work out with this man 3 x's a week and I love every minute of it.  Tracy is a pro body builder himself so whether you want strength training to lose weight, gain some muscle tone or seriously train for a body building competition, he will have the right program for you!As a testament to Tracy, I've lost 20 lbs in the last 9 weeks by combining his training with clean eating and just 30 mins of cardio a day.  Needless to say, my clothes are fitting better and I feel great!I've had other personal trainers before with very little results.  I like the fact that Tracy took me seriously when I told him my weight loss goals and my strength training goals and he cares about me and achieving results.  He varies up the routine when he sees the need so each time I train with him, it's not the same, boring drill.  And I can see my body changing before my eyes!  There are days, like everyone else, when I don't want to work out but I always show up and leave feeling more energized and more positive feeling about myself because of the encouragement Tracy gives me.  I love hearing him say, "Good job!" when I finish a set! Giving Tracy a 5 star rating is not enough, I would gladly rate him 10 stars!!!!!For the month of Feb., if you mention Yelp and my name Su-shien C., he will give you a special discount on rate.  So don't wait to get the body and level of energy that you want~ call him today!!!!!
5	Fve  stars is not enough for Tracy!   He is an awesome trainer and a great person.   He truly caress about  his clients.   He is supportive  and encouraging,  and can help you reach your goals no matter what they are.  I  have lost 156  pounds in  ten months with the help of Tracy I  am  stronger that I have ever been.   If you are looking for someone to put in as much great as you do,  call Tracy.
5	Tracy knows his stuff.  I have worked with Tracy 3 times a week for nearly a year and continue to improve with his help.  In addition to his knowledge Tracy helps me stay motivated and continues to change up my work out routine.  I have worked with other good trainers and Tracy really helps me push the envelope.  In the past I tended to disfavor leg day but since working with Tracy they are one of my favorites.  I had knee problems and consequently probably my weakest area, with Tracy I have gained strength and flexibility in my legs and especially me knees that I have never known. While we generally stick to the same schedule week in and out, when needed Tracy is very accommodating for changes.
5	If I could give him 10 stars, I would! And that still would not be enough! He's helping me train for a bikini competition in May and I've been training with him for about 7 weeks now and the changes I've seen so far are mind boggling!! He's a highly motivating trainer who really knows how to get the best out of his clients. I was at 24 hour fitness before finding Tracy and I felt like 'just another number'. With Tracy, you know that every session you train with him, you and your goals are his primary focus, which is something you don't come across often! If you're on the edge about giving it a try, take a leap of faith! I promise you, you will not regret it!!!!
5	Why would I not give Tracy 5 stars?  To say he knows fitness doesn't even scratch the surface.  He literally has a wealth of fitness knowledge stored in his brain, just waiting for you to step up and learn it.  About 40 years worth, to be exact.  Tracy still competes in, and wins, fitness competitions.  And don't worry, as fit as you might think you are, he'll always be in better shape.  Which is actually a good thing because he gives you an example to strive for.    I've been working with Tracy for almost 2 months now and a number of people (separately) have commented on my increased fitness and weight loss so there must be something to it right?  After a while you'll start hearing his voice in your head... which helps when you're working out on your own because the idea is to try and maintain the same intensity at all times.  You will quickly realize all the excuses that you make to yourself when he isn't there.A little bad news for anyone reading this: as good as Tracy is, if you don't listen to what he tells you and if you don't try and change your habits at least somewhat, you won't get the results you could otherwise.  And yes, that means you do need to change your diet.  Just ask Tracy what he eats, or rather, what he DOESN'T eat, and you'll quickly learn what it really takes to be that fit.  I've actually never worked with a trainer before and now I'm wondering what took me so long.  I think I just finally decided I was ready to stop making excuses and actually make some changes.  But I know there are still many changes I can make to improve even more.So what are you waiting for?  Call Tracy now, stop making excuses, and make some serious changes in your life for the better!
5	I hired Tracy before my wedding to help me get into shape. He is super encouraging and will push you to meet your goals. Not only is he knowledgeable in fitness, he is very professional and cares about his clients both in and outside of the gym! Always timely, Tracy is your man!
5	I am 53 years old and have been in and out of the gym for years.  I first met Tracy while he was training someone in our gym.  He was always willing to offer suggestions even tho he wasn't doing any formal training with me. Finally, I decided to step-up to his challenge.He is a  50+ guy, that is ALWAYS in competition condition (both in mind and body). He competes and places virtually every time he competes. How many of your trainers can say that??? Tracy has helped to reshape my training and nutrition. I am getting in the best shape that  I have been in since college.  He is a wealth of knowledge and truly preaches nutrition and training habits that simply work.If you are tired of running in circles, take MY challenge.....give him a month. Work hard, eat right and listen to his counseling.  No gimmicks, no fad diets.  Check your results, and make the decision to get yourself healthy for life!Toby
5	I met Tracy through my BF a few years ago.  Being a marathon runner, I was neglecting other aspects of my body.  After a few weeks with Tracy, my arms, back and core felt significantly stronger.  He gives me the cross training I need.  Tracy is relentless in his efforts to change your diet and bad lifestyle habits.  He is worth every penny.Thanks Tracy!!
