5	First off, the pastries are superb.  But Sweet Tammy's is about more than delicacies, it is a refined and elegant shop that manages to feel warm and invites you to stay and enjoy your treat before you leave.  After reading an earlier review I tried one of the macaroons and was still surprised when I took the first bite and it just melted in my mouth.  The substantial chocolate chip oatmeal cookie was also perfect and can't be matched anywhere else, just soft enough on the inside and crisp on the bottom..Support local businesses!
5	I've been to Sprinkles in LA. Yes, I was that guy who waited on line to eat at Magnolia Bakery on Bleecker Street in New York. I've even had the pleasure of eating at Sweet Mandy B's in Chicago (no relation). But Sweet Tammy's takes it one step further by not only delivering heavenly cupcakes, but service too that makes you want to come back, if for no other reason but to interact with the two wonderful owners that run the place.
5	If you like desserts and baked goods, Squirrel Hill is easily Pittsburgh's destination neighborhood.The decor of this place is really top notch, but that wasn't close to the best part, just the first thing I noticed walking in the door.  Lots of space to sit down, and friendly staff.I tried the cupcakes, and I'd argue, hands down, that they had the best cake I've had in a bakery.  The icing is light and creamy, and mixes well with the awesome cake.  I'll be back soon.
3	Kosher-Pareve sweets bakery. Primarily works on a pre-order basis, which can be a bit obnoxious when you want to get something spur of the moment. Treats are nice but are hit-or-miss as their quality control seems to be somewhat lacking. Cupcakes are a touch on the small side, and don't come in as wide a variety of flavors as many other places offer. That said, they do make good standard cupcakes. Their fruity frostings though leave something to be desired, so you might want to leave off on those. They have a nice Kosher-Pareve candy selection as well, which is nice.
3	This is no doubt the prettiest bakery/cafe I've ever set foot in, with a stained glass door and dark wood.  The wall of candy jars is also visually appealing, and better yet, the candy is for sale.All the baked goods are kosher and non-dairy.  While I eat dairy, I didn't miss it too much in the sweets I've tried here.  The triple chocolate cookie I had was sweet, soft and chewy--my kind of cookie!  A friend had recommended the cupcakes here over Dozen up the street, and I have to second that recommendation.   I was impressed by how the icing had been piped on my cupcake to look like a flower, and how my cupcake-to-go was packaged in a little box of its very own, ensuring that it would still look gorgeous when I settled down to eat it.  Looks aside, the cake was moist and the icing was light--unlike the dry cake and heavy icing Dozen makes.  I didn't feel that the pumpkin cupcake had too much taste, however.A caramel turtle bar I ordered to go didn't hold up well.  The caramel got stuck to the parchment the bar had been wrapped in, and when I tried to peel off the bar, the bar's shortbread base fell apart.  Both the tender shortbread and caramel-nut parts of the bar were tasty.As a home baker, I'm very pro-butter and pro-dairy.  But if you need to avoid those because of dietary restrictions, Sweet Tammy's will do.  (If dairy and non-kosher are okay in your book, though, I'd recommend Vanilla Pastry Studio in East Liberty).
2	As a part of mission Cupcake Crawl Tasting, I've ventured outside of just Dozen to satisfy my sweet tooth craving.This is the prettiest bakery I've ever been to with a small sitting area in the front. They have a wrap-around bakery display filled with delicious-looking cupcakes, cookies, and other sweets and you can also custom order cakes here. 5 stars for decor and presentation, we got 2 cupcakes after lunch and they were placed in individual little boxes with a see-through top and the box had a holder, so the cupcake wouldn't hit the walls.That said, the cupcakes were bad. We got a vanilla and red velvet. Vanilla cupcake was stale, the icing a little too buttery for me and it had an odd thin hard crust around it. The red velvet cupcake was a complete disaster, the white frosting that looked so appealing in the window tasted almost identical to crisco lard :( The cake itself was ok but after having a bite of that frosting, I wanted nothing to do with that cupcake.
5	After filling my belly happy with pizza from across the street at  Aiello's Pizza.  I spotted this little cute bakery and decided that we had to go in.We walked in and were happily greeted with the smell of fresh bread, which we were told was made daily on the premises.  The display case showed all of these beautiful and yummy looking desserts but we decided to go with a snicker doodle cookie and a chocolate chip cookie.  They were amazing! Nice and soft and had just enough of the ingredients that make a good cookie.  It had a lot of chocolate and the snicker doodle was nice and soft in the middle.  We got to meet Tammy and she was a sweet woman who was very proud of each of her baked goods.  I want to try their cupcakes but they are by order only so maybe i'll have to make up an occasion to go pick some up.
4	I was really disappointed when Dozen closed up shop in Squirrel Hill so I was thrilled to discover this place today. I got a pumpkin spice cupcake. The cupcake itself was dense, but moist. The icing was light and fluffy, but a tad sweet than I prefer. I will definitely go back and try some other flavors. On the Pittsburgh cupcake scale, I'd say they were better than Dozen, but not as good as Vanilla Pastry Studio. I've never tried the other place in Shadyside.
3	The bf and I stopped in to kill some time before Sababa opened up for lunch. Cute decor, though it looks more like a cake shop than a bakery. We only tried the cookies here... which were good, but didn't justify the high costs. 6 nothing-out-of-the-ordinary cookies for $7.50+? Come on now!
3	Purchased a 7 or 8 count  bag of chocolate chip, pecan cookies($7) and a loaf of whole wheat challah bread  ($7) from Giant Eagle in Homestead.  Pretty good stuff....BUT expensive as all outdoors!  Will only purchase her sweets when I REALLLLLLLLLLY wanna treat myself.
4	I used to work at Sweet Tammy's and eat several of their baked goods per day. Some of my favorites:* lemon bars* CHALLAH....seriously, it's perfection. And after a few days it makes awesome French toast* snickerdoodles* coconut macaroonsThey also do a beautiful job on specialty cakes + the bakery itself is beautiful inside. Check it out!
5	Expensive and best snickerdoodles ever @ $12.50 per dozen!
