5	Good food, fun environment, great service and all the meat you can stuff in your face -around the corner from my house AND with a daily deal coupon. Does it get any better?Some friends and I went on a weeknight, and the atmosphere was less pumped than my previous weekend experience at the downtown location. What was lacking in loud music and dancers (we probably ate too early in the night) was made up by personal attention from the servers. I can enjoy the chicken wrapped in bacon and the filet mignon all night long, but I make sure to save lots of room for the pineapple desert. I can't get enough!Thank you, thank you, obrigado for opening a Le Milsa in my neighbourhood! You will see a lot more of me!
4	Pros- The meat is A1. Very delicious and mouthwatering- The carnivale dancers are an awesome addition and fun to watch- All you can eat meat!! Are you kidding me??Cons- The manager, after moving us from our already seated and reserved table, shoo-ed us over to another spot to seat his friends. Rude. He promised drinks free drinks but charged at time of billing then disappeared.How it works:Upon seating, you order either a specific dish or the "turnstile". With the turnstile you get a one-time serving of side dishes and a coaster. If the coaster is on the green side, waiters holding large skewers of meat will approach you and offer you. Flip the coaster to the red side when you've had enough.Caution: They try to fill you on the cheap stuff first. Hold out for filet minion!
1	Don't go there. Ive been there because of groupon and they stole my money. They charge u for tip on the full price before the groupon so imagine. The full price is 100$ = 15$ tip but i had a groupon of 50% off so i would tip them 7.5$ big difference when ur a student. Plus the dancer is a douche bag on cocaine. The servers also kept serving us the last pieces of meat and ananas. Dont waste your time and money there.
1	Let me start by saying I'm brazilian from Rio de Janeiro and I truly know what a brazilian place should be in several different levels.We decided to go to Le Milsa and experience some of the food we miss from Brazil. We were appalled to find a place that if not for the tacky Macaus and brazilian flag not to mention the TV sets showing the Carnival parade in Rio we would never imagine this is a Brazilian place. Straight to the point the food is BAD (WITH CAPITAL LETTERS) and I mean B-A-D ! The side orders are poor and any comparison with a brazilian churrasco is an offense to say the least.  Grilled champignon ? 1 (one) sweet potato ? They've got to be kidding me. No fries ! No yucca ! No Farofa !  Not even the easily found "pao de queijo"  (cheese puffs) were served. That is simply insane !  For the meat we got the famous Picanha (really hard to eat, bad taste, poor cut and bad look), Lamb (seriously ?), Filet Mignon (which was an "ok"  for us). The sausage was good and we didn't try the chicken.We asked for some chicken heart and the waiter said they did not have that but that we could find it at IGA (which is a supermarket for those reading this review who do not know it). Really ????? All brazilians in Montreal know where to find sausage, Picanha, Guarana Antarctica (I didnt even bother to ask if they had it), chicken heart and (c'mon !) pao de queijo !For dessert they had vanilla ice cream which in an odd fashion came with cinnamon (why ?) and a shocking grilled pineapple with cinnamon too. (that's it that's all) Are you serious ?At this point mentioning the lack of smiles from the staff and the manager's refusal to change our reservation from 6:30 to 7:30 (he could move it to 7 only) considering the place was only 5 or 10% full in an optimistic perspective is pointless.What about the spanish music soundtrack ? No wonder everybody thinks Brazilians speak Spanish instead of Portuguese. What a shame ! SHAME SHAME ! Pricewise the tab was 86 dollars (tax, tip included and 2 coca colas).  If not from the Groupon coupon this is a major rip off and if want some tasty homey brazilian food hit Cafe Guanabara on Du Parc Ave. The premises may be simpler but the food is authentic and good.If I could do minor changes, I would turn off the TVs and put some amazing pictures from brazil with its nature, cultural aspects and sports sensation. Samba enredo is definitely not the best ambiance for supper and if the customers want to watch almost naked woman they have no shortage of places in Montreal with more privacy.
4	I went to Le Milsa for a friend's birthday party (we were about 20). Let me pre-face my review by saying I can eat and when I say I can eat, that means I can go until I'm ready to burst and then go a little more. I'm not a big guy, but if I am presented with an all-you can meat menu, I take full advantage of it.That being said, at the beginning they came around with bread (I passed), rice, mushrooms, salads that were set on the table. If I wanted rice, I would have that at home. If I wanted mushrooms I could have them at home (I did try them and they weren't bad), and if I wanted salad, well..... I'd go to a salad bar. Everything comes off these big skewers. They start coming around first with chicken (you want near the middle or middle bottom), otherwise it seems a little dry. Next came sausages (a little salty), and then bacon wrapped turkey (I passed as turkey makes me nauseous, but everyone at my table loved them), then came the lamb (again like the chicken, you want the middle or middle bottom), finally the last round is the filet mignon. The filet was nice, tender, very soft, and most importantly not over cooked.After about an hour of them coming around, people start turning over their tickets that they don't want anymore, but I stay green. The guy thinking I forgot tries to take my plate and I take it out of his hands. He asks me what I want, I told him the filet mignon, he asks the rest of the table if they want coffee and ice cream. Another waiter comes back with the deserts and tries to take my plate away. Again I take it out of his hands and tell him what I'm waiting for. He says he'll be right back. A third waiter shows up with the coffees and seeing my empty plate tries again to take it away, I again take it out of his hands. He asks me what I want and I tell him. I'm beginning to think I'm in a battle of wills and I'm not backing down. Finally a waiter comes by, fills up my plate with filet mignon and I was quite content. I managed to have their desert, a bowl of ice cream (vanilla) and their roasted pinapple with cinamon which was surprisingly good. I'm going to have to figure out how to make that at home.Overall cost for the meal I find reasonable for what it is, however their alcohol, beer, and wine prices are way to expensive. The prices of wines seemed about 10$ more than other restaurants I've been to. A pint of beer is 8.50 and a pitcher is 25$. That is a little bit exaggerated for beer prices. A martini was 10$, a glass of scotch was 8.50$ and a double was 14$. You could get some wine by the glass, but they were 8.50$. The dancing was fine and not too in your face as some others have written. They went around, took the birthday boy for a dance, I even got up to dance, all in all the "dancing" lasted about 5 minutes in my section of the restaurant and then moved on to elsewhere. It was a nice distraction, but nothing more, nothing less.All in all, for my wife and I with two meals, 1 bottle of wine and a pint of beer, it was 150$ tax and tip in. Although I gave a 4 star rating, I would have preferred to give a 3.5.
1	What a disappointment! Being a Brazilian, I was sad to see a restaurant that charges a lot but offers to little. Usually, a real Brazilian bbq place has a salad bar with several options. At La Milsa, they serve you a bowl of (boring) salad, plus a little bowl with rice, mushrooms, and a sweet potato on the side.The rice doesn't taste like regular Brazilian rice at all. It was dull. I never saw a churrascaria without farofa (yuka flour), vinagrete, and even a basic pao de queijo (cheese bread), all basic Brazilian side dishes.The meats were okay but, for the price you pay, there isn't a good variety.For dessert, you have two choices: grilled pineapple or a scoop of ice cream. Usually, in any Brazilian churrascaria, the pineapple is part of the main course (along with the other meats), and not a dessert. It's surprising they don't offer passion fruit mousse and even a milk pudding, both very basic in any Brazilian restaurant and very easy to make. When our kind waiter served some slices of pineapple to my husband before the "dessert time", the  owners didn't look happy with the waiter.Another surprise: they don't have guarana, a very popular soft drink. If you go to any Brazilian place and they don't have guarana, it's a sign that it won't be good.As a bonus, the DVD on the TV was showing the Rio de Janeiro carnival parade, but from 2011! It's amazing they can't play a DVD with good Brazilian music. As a Brazilian, I felt embarrassed that people could go to this restaurant and think that bad food and service could be really Brazilian. It's not.
1	Disappointing experience because of the very long wait and the fact that the price was quite high for the quality of the food. I was there as part of a pretty large groupe (about 30-40 people). It seemed to be the perfect place for that: they have a large room that can fit several large groups (there was another table there with about 15-20 people), away from smaller parties. However, it seems like they did not have the staff required for all those people. It took about 90 minutes just to order the food!! it was a Saturday night, and we had a reservation, so there is no reason to be so short on staff. The meats tasted OK, but I it was definitely overpriced. On a more positive note, the staff was nice and polite, and of course you get the little Brazilian dance show to create a fun ambiance towards the end of the night, which many people in the groupe appreciated. That being said, I will not go back and I will not recommend this place to my friends. The person who organized the birthday party there said she regretted she picked that place.
