2	Son ordered personal pan pizza, cheese which was the usual fare for PH. Kids love it.I ordered the wings (the Mild Buffalo) but was talked into the Honey BBQ by the waitress that said it was milder than the other. Ok.So I eat 3 of the 6 wings and feel a little full/nauseous.  But feel hungry enough to eat a few bites of my son's pizza.  So we pay and head over to Tuesday Morning.  I'm there not 10 minutes before I'm asking for the key to the restroom.   OMG    Maybe the left the honey BBQ wings out too long? Maybe something else, but I was in the bathroom twice before I left 25 minutes in the bathroom and 10 minutes shopping.   I was thankful I made it home before the next wave hit.    After that I was fine.  I just feel there was something wrong with the honey BBQ wings because she went out of her way to get me to order them and then look what happened.  Wont be going there anymore.
1	Worst pizza hut. We only go here occasionally because we keep praying it will get better.. It never does.. Worst staff and service... Freaking horrible!! First they "dropped" our pizza and had to make another.. then they forgot to put mushrooms on the next one.. we left a tip and got the hell out of there. Management should be ashamed! Your staff is horrible and racists! We will NEVER return.. this time just was the last straw.
1	Super slow, super lazy and super inefficient staff. To top it all, they shower you with enough toppings of racism. It was a very bad experience for us.Pizza Hut, we love your products, but not these kind of franchises. Please do something about it. It's a bummer to have a Pizza Hut at half a mile from our house, but one that we would never ever visit again!
1	I came her after work to get pizza for the family for dinner. I called ahead @ 5:45 to place my order for just 2 large pizzas to be ready at 6:15. I'm there at 6:05 and its not even close to being ready. I don't know what the policy is, but I should be compensated some type of way. The wait time was crazy. Plus there was at least 3 cars behind me waiting for their orders. The mgr., Lance, finally gave a portion of my bill back to me after I insisted something needed to be done. My slowest experience at Pizza Hut ever. Next time I may be going to the Dominos less than 5 min. away. Only positive is they have a drive thru.
1	probably the worst Pizza Hut ever!Food was semi cooked, Lady wrote some random name on the order so they had a hard time finding my order, to top it off Worst Customer Service goes to them!Pizza was not cut properly either.
1	I wish I could rate this Pizza Hut less than one star. Worst customer experience ever! It was so bad that I called Pizza Hut corporate four times and the regional manager could not even handle the issues. I will NEVER order from this Pizza Hut again!
