1	SUCKS BEYOND BELIEF!!!!!!!!!Do NOT go here if you have a child or are a vegetarian. Actually do not go here at all....  First of all we waited at least an hour for our food and then the guy drops off a tuna salad sandwich and acts like I should still eat it even though I ordered the vegetarian sandwich which he couldn't even tell me what the ingredients were in the first place. So let me tell you what is in the veggie sandwich: basically what you are getting is just a burger without meat. I got raw onions, lettuce, tomatoes and salsa on french bread. It was awful. I am giving myself 5 stars though for not gouging my own eyes out at the table while starving to death and trying to entertain a hungry 2 year old that did NOT like her kid's mac n cheese. FYI kids don't like sausage in their mac n cheese. SO we waited for an hour for crappy awful non-inventive food that we could NOT even eat. The people next to me said their spaghetti was cold and the fish and chips was raw on the inside. Nobody came by to bring us water even though there were plenty servers standing around. This place will be out of business in no time I am sure.  If you are actually considering going to this restaurant I would advise gouging your eyes out with forks the minute you sit down and it will be a million times less painful than going through the misery of what I just endured. #whitepeopleproblems
5	All items on menu are fresh & fabulous taste with a view of the famous Fountain, in beautiful Fountain Hills AZ.
1	Good not great
5	Wonderful new Fountain Hills restaurant.  Fish and chips were fresh, not frozen and amazing......Kobi Burger, perfect!  Ambiance lovely views and a very nice interior.  Nothing like Kimmies.....we loved it.  Service was great, very friendly, very busy and amazingly good.  Excited to have them here.
4	What a treat. Overlooking fountain park, this restaurant is a wonderful place to relax and have a tasty meal with friends. Service was warm and friendly, and the martinis were cold and generous. The calamari and firecracker shrimp are a must. Another highlight were the fried pickles. Yum!
3	Would love to give a better review-- but hopefully this will be helpful and they'll make changes.First time: ordered a 'medium' burger. It was still mooing. Couldn't eat it.Second time: ordered a black bean burger. Was thin, dry, and didn't have any sauce on it-- came with a wilted piece of lettuce, tomato and onion slices. The sweet potato fries were undercooked and really mushy. The black bean burger was $11. I have had better frozen ones from a package (come to think of it-- this might have been a frozen one).Moxie's- please either change your chef or change your menu to focus on what you do make well (my friend said that her pork was good). I don't want to see you fail like Kimmies. I'll update this review and change the stars after giving it another shot in the future!
1	Live in Fountain Hills, we were excited to have a new resturant in town. After we were seated with menus, there were four staffers standing at the hostess station laughing and having a gay old time. Fifteen minutes was enough, as we left the employees scattered and tried to look busy. Past someone when leaving and asked for a manager, he said that would be me. He asked if anything was wrong. Told him of our experience, and he asked if he could do anything, told him no thanks. But did tell him that this would be a great location to open a good restaurant. As far as we can tell,they will not be long before they will meet the same fate as Kimmies.
