4	Stopped in here to grab a Beer while I waited for my flight out of Gate B-19.  It's a medium sized bar with around 14 seats and a dining area that seats around 50 people.  It's located near the B Gates where it splits into a fork.I ordered a giant (see pics) 32 oz Stella ($10.99)....not a bad price for an Airport Bar, right?  How could I resist?  It's going to be a nice plan ride to San Diego.....ha!Will I return?  Next time I depart out of the B Gates, you know where you'll find me!
4	I got to the airport and had some time to kill so went in here to do so.  The people working here were really friendly and I appreciated all the t.v.'s. :)
1	My wife and I had time to kill before boarding our flight.  We wanted to get a drink and watch a particular basketball game.  Neither the bartender on duty, nor the 2 servers "could" (or would) change the channel for us.  They were completely indifferent to our request.  Their claim that they needed "another bartender" to find the game/change the channel is mind-boggling, given the fact that they're all working in a sports bar!  We simply left.
1	I was a hour or so early for my flight back to Sacramento so I took the only open seat at the bar, which was directly in front of the beer taps, on the far end of the bar, not an ideal spot, as there was little no space to read a magazine or eat.  A new spot opened up so I grabbed what I could to move and Dean got flat out irritated that he had to move my drink (expensive drink) two feet.   I then had to wait 10 minutes for my water, as he leaned against the bar with his had on his hip, then waited another 15 for second drink, which is a short pour from a beveled shot glass, to the line, not the top as it was supposed to be.  I could have managed and been OK if it had not been for his piss poor, I don't give a crap, I hate my job attitude - so I left.  I had the opportunity to run into a management member and spoke briefly with her and she shared that I was not the only one to bring up his poor attitude.  I won't go back on my next trip through Vegas if he is at the bar.
2	Always under staffed. The food is all pre-packed and not very good food (even for an airport). But, they have beer and sports. Sometimes you are just desperate enough...
1	Terrible.  I stop by here expecting at a minimum some standard sports bar fare like burgers and fries.  I was disappointed to find that everything is pre made, wrapped in plastic and very cold.  You're better off going to the food cart in the terminal.
1	If you need a drink so bad that you will stop here, then you are an alcoholic. The bartender was a beat up, washed out, utterly obese Elvis impersonator. He was the perfect metaphor for vegas or Fox. Your choice.Skip this place and wait for your plane.
1	skip unless you like pre-packaged food and rude bartenders
1	THIS "SPORTS BAR" HAS NO KITCHEN!!!  That's right...a "sports bar" without hot food.  Simply unbelievable.  Needless to say, my husband and I promptly left and went to Chili's to watch the Heat-Celtics game while we waited through a long flight delay.
1	HELL NO!!!!Rude service!!!when we came in, the whole place had ONE server and TWO bartenders? lets do the math...about 10+tables(2~4 people seaters), you gonna let one lady handling that, but 2 bartenders to handle 10 people bar seats???? Who is the MANAGER????We sat down for 5 min, the server running around like a mad lady trying to do her job, and one of the bartender just talk and talk and talk and talk. Finally decided to get drinks from the bar ourselves, then the rude guy told us "I HAVE TWO PEOPLE IN FRONT OF YOU"really cuz we sat down before them????? Very pushy for their "double shot is only $4 more" NEVER EVER COMING BACK!
1	Growing up, many people wish for a job where they can travel. Many of us who have those jobs wish for simpler things. While in the airport, I wish not to be delayed through security, I wish for a quiet companion next to me on the flight, and sometimes I wish for a decent fast bar to have a beer while waiting.The Fox Sports Sky Box Lounge fails on almost all counts. The bar is a fishbowl of smokers with little ventilation and poor housekeeping. The servers are less friendly than airport security on a bad day. The beer selection is domestic and boring.For a city which prides itself on great service, unique experiences, drinking and gambling, this place is an obscene gesture towards all that is fun and entertaining.
1	Food: Cold, boring, pre-bagged, and literally tossed into a heap in the corner of a fridge around the side of a bar, you should pass on these sandwiches.  The salads don't fare much better.Drink: these bartenders are the suck.  As in they don't give eye contact, don't welcome you, and don't take your order.  The bar looked like it was in shambles with an embarrassingly small selection.  Some of the top shelf bottles sat hidden in the well while the back of the bar sat nearly empty.For a city known for food, the Vegas airport is remarkably piss poor for options.  You don't have to work hard to be the best in any class in this crappy airport, but these guys appear to be pushing for the worst in show.
3	Great to grab a drink before your flight and watch sports on the many tv's. Don't order food or you will be sorely disappointed
4	We only stopped in for drinks, so I can't comment on the food.  However, I can say that the service was great and the bar was nice and clean.  Plenty of TV's to watch your game on.  I would make this place a regular stop if I come back to Vegas.
1	$10 for a pint of crappy Samuel Adams Winter Lager. Okay, fine, it was an imperial pint. So what. The keg blew mid-pour, so the bartender told me she'd "top me off" after it was replaced. An hour later, she brought out a highball glass with exactly the amount that was missing from my pint, rather than just giving me a full pour for the inconvenience. Awesome how she saved Fox Sports a nickle like that.I rest my case...
2	It was nice that I was able to catch the Texans game between my flights, but I wish I had ventured further down and around to the chilis because they only have pre-made sandwiches and chips. The couple next to me even went and got a to go order from chilis and brought it back here to eat at the bar. Everyone in the bar was really nice and the bartender was good too.
1	We walked out of our B gate, searching for a beer. We took a right and it wasn't long before we ran straight into FOX sports SKY "lounge". We were so excited. We approached the bar and we were greeted with a frown from the male bartender. He stood and tapped his fingers impatiently as we set down our bags. My mother asked, "are you waiting on us?" He threw some napkins at us and said, "yeah just tell me when you're ready". Ugh. I didn't want to be here any longer but figured that we could "turn his frown upside-down" somehow. Nope, wrong! We ordered out beers, they only had 4 to choose from. Ugh. We decided to close out even though we had an hour to kill. But we no longer wanted to be in his presence. He continued to saunter around in his Depressing mood. For my Shocktop Belgian Wheat, guess what the price was? $10.17. Lol. A few chairs down from me, a man received his bill. To his dismay it came to $125.23. He got out of his chair and calmly questioned the bartender about the amount. The bartender barked, "we'll come look at the screen yourself!" The poor guy didnt realize that it was $10 a beer and on top of that he had ordered a sandwich, chips, and some bottled drinks for his trip. The bartender was indifferent and insensitive. So the man said, "wow! I didn't realize it was this price! I mean, I have the money but this is highway robbery." The bartender just scoffed. Ugh. My mother and I each left $1 and even THAT was too much!
1	I'm always devastated when I have to fly out of the B  gates because I know that this is the only place you can go to get a drink.  The smell of the bar is vomit-inducing; it reminds me of a cheap college bar where they play Lil Wayne and coeds grind on each other while spilling beer all over the slippery floor.  I can't imagine what Jon Taffer from Bar Rescue would find at the bottom of the ice bin here, but I guarantee you it would be disgusting and rhyme with "old".  Hungry?  Get ready to enjoy some cellophane wrapped sandwiches that make the selection at Circle K look like gourmet fare.  Do yourself a favor and starve yourself until you get to your next destination. And if you're craving a buzz, bring a bunch of mini shots in your bag and suck em down while playing the slots.
4	I can't imagine how this place could get this many bad reviews. It's a bar...they only have sandwiches, so if you want food, I'd go somewhere else. However, for what it is, a sports bar to watch games and get a drink, it's great. The wine is a little pricey for my liking, but everywhere else is too in this airport. The bartenders were nice and the drinks were cold. Exactly what I'm looking for in a bar while I'm waiting for my flight
3	FOOD: BYOF! Yes... Bring your own food to this sports bar. They only sell bags of chips and pre packaged sandwiches. So don't be the 100th person to ask the poor bartender if they serve food because they don't. And he will tell you to get food else wear and bring it back. Too bad not many choices on this side of the airport. But do what you gotta do. Then you can order alky to your liking here. INSIDE: plenty of Tvs and tables and chairs.Sports jerseys in glass cases along the walls. Sports bar lounge feel to this place. DRINKS: they have some beer on tap.STAFF: bartender was friendly and joked around with customers especially nice to hear considering he had to repeat himself so many times about where people can buy food and bring it back.
