5	Our Maytag washer started making a horrible grinding noise the other night. I googled "charlotte appliance repair" and several places came back so I selected the 3 closest to my house that had decent reviews. The first place I called had a weird voicemail system that actually hung up on me. So I called Carolina Appliance Services. I spoke to a human being, explained the problem, and he set up an appointment with a technician for the same day. Bill, the technician, called before he arrived, arrived early, and knew exactly what the problem was (a bad water pump.) He had the new part in his van and changed it within an hour. He also was very careful and cleaned up the area under and around my washer. Based on this experience I would highly recommend Carolina Appliance Services.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. I was called at 7:30 am to schedule a service call (having not spoke to the company before) telling me they would be there in 2 hours.We had a bad connection and got disconnected. When they called me back the gentleman said "Get your damn phone fixed". Yes, I heard that.When I called this afternoon to schedule service I mentioned the disappointment with the call this morning. Jack (was the name I was given) said go find someone else for service, he did not want me as a customer. HOW RUDE!!!This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Not a way to gain a new customer!!
1	My wife and I are having a problem with our washing machine, so we called a company that had been recommended to us. They didn't have any openings in their schedule, so they referred us to Carolina Appliance Service. We called on Monday, 12/17/12 and were told the technician would call us the morning of Friday, 12/21 between 7:00 and 7:30 am to inform us when he would arrive. My wife then confirmed her day off from work.By 9:00, she had not received a phone call, so she called the company. The person answering the phone said he would find out what was going on and call back in 20 minutes. 40 minutes later, having not received a phone call, my wife called back, to be told that the technician had called in sick. She asked who would be taking his place for the service call, and was informed that no one would, since he is the only one who serves this area (Steele Creek, southwest Mecklenburg County) and that we would have to reschedule.In summary:- Carolina Appliance Service set up a day to service our washing machine and failed to provide service on the day agreed upon.- Carolina Appliance Service did not call us to inform us that the technician was out sick, and apparently didn't even know their technician wasn't working until we called.- Carolina Appliance Service did not make an attempt to replace the technician with another, and placed the responsibility of handling the situation caused by this technician's illness onto us.In addition, the representative on the phone (my wife spoke with the same man with each phone call) treated her as if it was a great inconvenience to him that he had to deal with her. When my wife asked if he had planned to call her to tell her that they would not be servicing our washing machine, he said, "Well, he's sick," as if the technician's illness absolves them of all responsibility of contacting their customers.Each interaction with this company suggests that they are an amateur organization who only deals with their customers when it is convenient to them to do so. I would love to comment on their actual service prowess, but given the difficulty we had in getting them to simply answer our questions on the phone, I doubt the day will ever come when we give them the chance to prove themselves in that category.
1	I'd give this company zero stars if it were an option. Carolina appliance was sent by out Best Buy Geek Squad protection plan to fix our brand new dryer when it started overheating and making a scratching noise. They came quickly - only three days from when we reported the problem. They said they needed to order a part and would be back within 7 business days to install it. When two weeks go by, I called to check in. No one answered the phone during business hours. My husband called back later. Neither of our messages were returned. We called Best Buy who contacted them and requested they get in touch with us.  After about 15 phone calls from Best Buy, my husband, and myself, we just have up. Not one of these calls was ever returned and no one answers the phone during business hours so it is impossible to follow up. THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!Now we are working with another Geek Squad recommended company but having problems since our dryer was under warranty and the company already paid for the part Carolina Appliance ordered for our dryer (and is apparently holding hostage). Not to mention, it will now be another week and a half or two weeks for the part to come in again - leaving us without a dryer for a month and a half. I would never recommend this company to anyone. Probably the least professional business I've ever worked with. Beware!!
1	Wow- similar experience as other reviewers.  Purchased LgDishwasher from Best Buy. On the 2nd load every it refused to turn off. Called LG and they sent Carolina  Appliance. First go around - not too bad. After it was fixed - same thing. LG and BEst Buy promised a replacement but Carolina appliance had to sign off on it as a lemon . the owner was beyond rude!!!! Made many promises and failed to keep them. Claimed his repair guy  was out of cell range all day. He started taunting me -Serves you right for shopping at Best Buy he says. Maybe you should call the Geek Squad.Asked hubs to call - 30 seconds into the the call, the guy is out if control. He get Threatened him and hung up. We were also being held hostage by This guy at Carolina Appliance - as they won't release us so LG could assign another repairman. I'm really thinking this guy has some serious anger management issues!The final result - DW was used two times- Best Buy took it back and we are waiting for our Bosch.
1	Very rude and unprofessional guy! Not willing to work out anything with the customer. Very short on the phone. I called for some appliance repair... Called back after almost a week and flat out said he was booked for over a week. He did not even offer to make an appointment after his busy time. Would not recommend this company to anyone.
5	Kevin was excellent- diagnosed the problem quickly, part came fast- called & came on time. Very happy with service & would highly recommend.
1	ZERO stars for this guy.  I called because we had a flood in our home, but when the floors were ripped up, the water mitigator said we had a problem with our dishwasher and needed to have it checked for leaks.  My home warranty company gave me the number to Carolina Appliance Service.  I left a message and got a call back right away.  When I told the guy my situation, he stopped me and said he was NOT interested in working with me because he was worried that if he did a bad job the insurance company would be coming after him.  He actually started an argument with me.  I assume he was the owner because he said "my company".  But my simple question was 'Isn't that what you do?  Fix dishwashers?'...why is this company even on my home warranty's list of providers.  He argues so much that I didn't even get to tell him this wasn't part of an insurance claim.  So to recap...very rude, with obviously NO CONFIDENCE in his own work.  Don't call these guys.
