4	This is a new club around the corner from the Mon incline in the Shilo district.  Its open style reminds me of something you would find in South Beach.Havana exudes a very cool and inviting atmosphere and the service is friendly, attentive and professional.  I've been there generally early in the evening before the well dressed crowd pours in to enjoy the DJ.  If Mindy is behind the bar be sure to ask her to craft you one of her creamy & dreamy special drinks!I'm looking forward to when they have the kitchen open and get past the start up mode.This is a good little place, albeit a bit upscale for the blue collar Shilo district.
3	Hmmm.... A friend and I had been waiting to check out this spot for some cocktails/wine...We finally did on friday night just because we were in the neighborhood.  I am not really sure how to address this review so I am just going list some comments/observations...1.) Small, really small...but empty. (only 9 people in the place at 11:30pm)2.) Strange crowd. Clubbing girls, drunk yinzers, Miami transplants3.) The windows open on all sides which makes it seem like it would be fun in the summer...(perhaps not in snowy pgh winters)4.) Strange Crowd5.) Empty6.) Not enough furniture7.) Really friendly Bartender8.) Strange Crowd9.) Wine Bar...yet no wine list?10.) Tapas bar....yet not food?Overall: This place could be fun once it opens for real. Aka have a wine list/food. It is really something different for the neighbor which is always a plus! I think I will go back to give it another chance once they have the kinks worked out.
4	I'll admit, I only went to Havana because I was able to use a Groupon. I heard the crowd was snooty but decided to give it a shot. My roommate and I arrived around 9:30pm on a Wednesday night. Small crowd but that was expected because of the Pens game (which they had playing on their big screen... +Plus!)We were greeted by an uber friendly bar tender...major plus! With the groupon, we ordered three tapas (I am Vegan and was able to find delicious options,) chips and salsa, fried plantains, and the hummus platter. The chips and salsa sounds lame but the crisp, tasty chips were served with mango salsa, regular salsa, and a guacamole dip (FYI- the dip has mayo in it, so I passed but my roommate said it was awesome!) The bar tender even offered to bring me another dip that would cater to my vegan diet! How nice is that?! The hummus was fantastic and served with fresh veggies and pita slices. I should also mention that I am gluten-free so the veggies were a wonderful option since I could not eat the pita bread. The plantains were our absolute favorite. Delicately fried and served with a coconut milk dip...BEST DIP I HAVE EVER TASTED! Well, best SWEET dip I have ever tasted. Actual conversation about the dip...Said to my sweet-tooth roommate: "you want to take a shot of this dip, don't you?" Roommate's response: "I'd bathe in it" THAT good. The bartender came back to check on us very often refilling drinks and making sure our food was okay. The other bartender checked in on us too, she was also very very friendly! I didn't care for the Jersey shore look-a-like men in the bar but I do not fault Havana for this!Overall, I am really glad I bought the groupon and I will be going back to Havana. Especially on a hot summer night when the window walls are open!
3	This location is appealing due to the seating and open air setup of the establishment that opens it to the street. They have some comfortable seating available and a bar that seats approximately 10.The place was adequate during our visit not amazing and not bad. They had a reasonable beer offering, ok well drinks, & adequate service. The location didn't have a lot of visitors when we were there around 11:00PM.
3	Havana is a great little corner bar at Sycamore and Shiloh Street. Fashioned to resemble a Miami style outdoor bistro, Havana serves great cocktails and has a wonderful wine selection. Whether you're a regular or visitor to the Mount, when you walk into Havana the bartenders great you and ask what type of alcohol you prefer, then suggest specials, and exotic offerings. Don't feel like sitting at the bar? Relax in overstuffed sofas and easy chairs in a living room style setting. Huge doors are opened at night to let the cool air in, and you can look Dow Shiloh Street and see part of the downtown skyline. Of course rum based drinks are a speciality here at Havana, but I go for a glass of Melbac when I'm not in the mood for anything else. Overall, Havana is a great place to unwind after a long day at work and you just want to relax without being bombarded with loud music and bar flys.
