5	Decor is off Park in the same shopping center as Harris Teeter and Portofino's. You do have to hoof it up the stairs to get there, but it's worth the hike. This little tucked away place has been there for years and has a pretty steady crowd in the times you would imagine (Saturday afternoon, Friday evening, etc.). They do all of the standard nail services, but have recently added the wonderful nail treatment most commonly referred to as Shellac (UV gel coat in colors). Everyone who works there does an incredible job and makes sure you get a quality service. My favorite part, though, is that they will do your mani and pedi at the same time. Incredible time saver and something I haven't seen at many salons. Although a bit hard to find the first time, Decor is worth checking out. And make sure to ask for the Shellac!
4	I went to Decor for the first time and was satisfied with my visit. I was the only one there at the time which was good for me. I received excellent service by the owner, Mai. She was very friendly and detail-oriented. I told her it was my first time there so maybe she was just trying to impress me. I went for a fill-in and wanted white tips. The paint job wasn't the best but the nails were free of lumps and they still look good. Either way, her customer service will likely get a return customer out of me.
5	I work in Charlotte for half the year and always go here for my mani-pedis.  Everyone at the salon is courteous and conscientious.  You don't feel like you're on an assembly line where they are trying to rush through your services to get you out the door so they can get more customers in the chairs.
5	I started going to this nail salon this year in an effort to keep my nails neat, especially in preparation for vacations and business trips. They do accept appointments, which I would highly recommend during "busy times" (weekends and evenings) - though they have always accommodated me when I walk-in. I think the longest I have ever waited was 10-15 minutes. I've had regular manicures, gel manicures and pedicure (they even do gel pedicures!). They have a large selection of OPI and Essie nail colors, and also have many gel colors/brands. I have found their prices to be incredibly reasonable ($13 for a manicure, $25 for gel) and they do a great job -- fast, efficient and good results. The location is in a small shopping center on Park Rd - it's on the 2nd story, tucked away in the corner, but there is an elevator if you need it and ample parking. The space is really well maintained and someone is always cleaning up!I thought about marking Decor down to 4-stars for one reason only; the manager of the salon gives inferior manicures due to her greeting customers, answering the phones, checking people in and generally just not paying attention. She is a super nice lady, but I have gotten her (on my walk-ins) on 4 occasions: 3 "regular" manicures and 1 gel manicure and each one was "the worst" manicure I've ever gotten there - remnants of old color left on under new color, color not going to edges, nails not filed properly so there are rough edges that crack/peel within a day, nails not filed to the same shape, cuticles not pushed/removed correctly, etc. I kept giving her "another chance" to redeem herself because I personally like her, but have since then learned the names of 2 employees and I soley make appointments with them. Honestly, I would go to any of the people there except her, but I only know two of them by name. She is just too busy to be doing nails, IMO.But, they kept their 5-stars since she is the only one I have had a bad experience with. Perhaps others have had better luck, but after 4 tries, I gave up.Also, they do charge $5 to remove gel polish, so be aware if you are expecting it free-of-charge. I've tried 4 or 5 other nail salons in the area, ranging from high-priced "spas" to smaller "nail-only" salons and Decor is by far the best - low prices, quick, clean, great mani/pedis (except the one person!) - I don't go anywhere else!
3	My daughter and I had dueling pedicures recently. I would say that there is nothing out of the ordinary here nothing special. The folks there are pleasant and they did a good job although I would have enjoyed a bit more massage time.
5	Fantastic salon! Perfect location on Park Road and very friendly staff. I got a pedicure and gel polish manicure. They have a terrific selection of gel polish colors and brands and the convenience of having  your mani and pedi completed at the same time is incredible! I will be back!  The pedicure was amazing and the service was superb!
1	I really liked this place until I came back the next day for repair and they took 5 customers ahead of me and made me wait. I waited 30-45 minutes before i just walked out. not only was it an inconveniemce for me to have to return for repair but i I paid $60 for my original service and I didn't notice the nail tech messed up my big and 3rd toe until I got home. I politely walked out and said "I'll come back" but decided the character of the owners spoke for itself. A customer is a customer and my time is as valuable as anyone else's. I will not be returning!!! This place has nice staff but they need a course in professionalism. There are millions of nails places in the area there is one in south end and also easy blvd that I like plus there are 2 polished nail bars both less than 10 minutes from here.... I don't have to be treated like a 2nd class citizen.
5	Went here when I was in town for a wedding. They were very accommodating, we had 5 people in our group & they took care of us like we were their only customers. And here we are 3 weeks later and my nails still look great (although really grown out!). This was the best gel manicure I've ever had & I'm sad I can't get another one! Unless they want to take a road trip to DC? I've got a spare bedroom!! :)
5	Excellent service in a boutique setting with reasonable pricing- mani pedi w parafin wax on my feet, shellac nails with a fiberglass overlay and tips on two of my nails (they were in desperate need of repair). The owner and her staff gave me their undivided expert attn and it was much appreciated. Would recommend to anyone!
5	I've gone to other local nail salons *coughPOLISHEDcough* where the gel shellac's don't last more than a week. I had one peel off the next day, and when I went back there, they blamed me, fixed the nails and the same thing happened.The ones here at Decor are amazing. I've never had any issue, but they reassured me that if i ever did, they'd fix it. The girls are so fun. They chat and make everyone feel like a regular. I've gone 4 times and each time had a different girl. They are all equally amazing. I am becoming a regular myself.
5	This is my favorite place to get a pedicure. It's near my home, which is a bonus, but what I look for most is cleanliness, friendliness of the staff, and a good leg massage :)  It is very clean. The staff is super friendly. I've had real conversations with them.  And this is the best leg massage I've had with a pedicure. I get the deluxe (middle) pedicure and it extends the massage time, so I'm not sure how the 'standard' pedicure would rank. I did get the hot stone pedicure once and it was awesome with an even longer massage. It does get busy on the weekends so get there early or call ahead. It's probably not the best place for a big group but for me it's by far the best place to get a pedicure.
4	I can't say enough good things about Decor. They took me in for a mani/pedi 15 minutes before closing despite not being a regular and proceeded to give me an excellent fill-in and pedicure without rushing despite it being the end of their day.Mai fixed the terrible job that had been done at another salon and Lena gave me one of the best foot rubs during my pedicure I've had in ages! As for the reviewer who commented on the "ghastly" wax treatment - it's a parafin dip and fabulous. That reviewer obviously hasn't been to many high end nail salons. Normally salons charge extra, but it's included in the basic pedi at Decor!Decor is not in my neighborhood, but I'll be traveling to see Mai and Lena when I'm in town! Great find!
5	Love this place. Just went for the first time and had a great manicure and pedicure. Both ladies were very articulate and took their time. The deluxe pedicure is totally worth the extra $10! This will be my new nail spot in town!!
2	The pedicure was a job well done! However, I had a different lady do my fill in and it was the WORST experience and job done. She drilled down way too far on my nail bed, she was incredibly rough and rushed, she globbed on the acrylic, and didn't even smooth it out. You can see the ridges the drill left under the nail polish. Do NOT come here for acrylic! My friend had a positive experience with her gel polish, someone else did hers.
1	This has been my favorite go-to salon to get my nails done.  I always thought the staff was very friendly and I was always happy with the service and end product.  However, last time I went there, I got a STAPH INFECTION!!!  I then called to inform them (not even to ask for a refund!) just so they could be aware and prevent it from happening again - and the person on the phone actually told me that I must be wrong and probably got it somewhere else!! They didn't even apologize, but instead said there have never been any past complaints so it can't be right.  However, the doctor I saw who had to prescribe me antibiotics does believe I contracted it there.Infections sometimes happen at nail places so I wasn't that upset at first, but their reaction to it really bothered me. They didn't care that they had infected equipment and weren't going to do anything about it. I am never going back to this salon and neither is anyone I know.
3	Went here b/c my beloved nail salon closed!! (So sad!) Really enjoyed the 3 ladies that did my mani/pedi! They did an excellent job & it felt great!  It was crazy on a Friday afternoon at 3:45!  The salon is cramped and chaotic! The owner's (I think) 2 children were running around eating Popsicles! There wasn't room for kids to be there! Polishes also looked old. So, now I can say I tried it . . . but probably won't be back!!
4	Have to admit not the best atmosphere. Went on a Saturday and it was packed felt rushed through. But the manicure and pedicure were great. I judge places on how long the polish lasts and my gel manicure was still perfect over a week later. It's been a week and a half and it only just started chipping (I'm also setting up a fish tank so my hands have been wet a lot which I'm sure didn't help). Don't go here if you want a spa experience. Go here if you want it to look good and last long
4	Very friendly and fast for how busy it was. Mostly happy with my nails. One nail is a little crooked but I'm sure she would have fixed it if I had noticed it while there.
5	This place is great. I needed a shellac mani and pedi while in town and found this business on yelp. Place is clean. Staff is excellent. My massages were awesome and the pedi included paraffin. Also after the mani I did a salt scrub which was included. This will be my go to place when I am here!
5	I've been coming to this salon on and off for about 3 years now. Even though new nail salons open up it seems every month or so. They never let me down! I lived in NYC for a bit too and every time I would visit Charlotte this was a definite go-to place! The staff is extremely friendly and doesn't rush to get you out the door. They take their time and talk with you and make sure your stay is comfortable and great! They offer a variety of drinks to you as well. If the paraffin wax isn't enough already. Yes, Paraffin wax comes with your regular pedicure! Now that I live here again I'll be coming back much more!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that just wants to relax or even if you have somewhere to be!
5	I just moved to SC from Texas and we are staying in a hotel until our house is ready. I yelped, nail places open on Sunday and here I am. THE BEST LEG MASSAGE WITH PEDI! It's a cute little boutique style nail salon. It looked really crowded but I got into a chair within a few minutes. The staff is very friendly and the salon is clean. I'm sad we won't be living closer because I would definitely come back...who knows, maybe I still will.
5	I went here reluctantly without any recommendations or having read any reviews.  What a pleasant surprise!!!  I was seated immediately, offered a beverage, and literally got the best manicure I have ever had.  Better than Ballantyne Resort.  Seriously.  My cuticles are perfection, and the filing is the prettiest, most feminine I've ever had.  I made sure to ask the technician's name so I can ask for her next time.  Yomeko was her name.  Be sure to ask for her or make an appointment with her.  I look forward to going back for a pedicure!  PS-Make sure you bring cash for the tip!  They don't like to put it on the card (I assume so fees are not subtracted from their $$).
5	Amazing service and my nails look phenomenal. They did a top notch job, have a great selection of colors with top brands, and is clean and friendly.
5	This place was great! I'm VERY picky about my nails and normally prefer to do them on my own. I asked for a gel French manicure. The woman that helped me really took her time and made sure they looked perfect. My nails look amazing. Great place and very clean!
5	Love love love love love this place! They don't rush and they do a wonderful job in a reasonable amount of time.
