5	Greek bakery worth seeking out for their tasty Greek sweets.  They do a very good rendition of galaktobouriko.  Also available are cakes, breads, vienoisseries, chocolates and Greek honey.  The shop is a beautiful place just to visit, as the decor is quite nice and the displays are well laid out.  Coffee is also available.  There are a couple of tables and a bar that can seat a small number of people, so it may be possible to enjoy a snack and coffee at the bakery.
5	Possibly the best Greek bakery in the city, certainly one of the most beautiful with it's stained glass, dark polished wood, ancient iron oven, and glass counters stacked with the fattest, prettiest baklava you can imagine. Everyone behind the counter and in line is speaking Greek, and there is a mountain of Easter bunnies, and if heaven looks at all like this I want in.
5	We got our wedding cake from this bakery, and boy were we and our guests impressed with the finished product. Originally, we had planned  to get the wedding cake from an old and well-established bakery in Little Italy. But as soon as I mentioned 'wedding' the prices seemed to sky-rocket! I had asked for the simplest possible three layer cake, with no sugar flowers or details of any kind and I was quoted $550 plus a hefty delivery charge. After expressing my frustration and disappointment with our Greek florist, she recommended Afroditi. My goodness, what a difference! The head baker, Christopher, is so professional and it was immediately obvious to me that he really cares about his customers. Before meeting with him in person, Christopher had recommended that I come in with photos so we could discuss what it was I wanted. However, as soon as I saw some of his creations, I threw away my photos and went with one of his original designs. He took a lot of time with me and in the end he created a confectionery wonder that dazzled. He is more than a baker, he is an artist! I also appreciated being able to pay with my credit card or interact card whereas the bakery in Little Italy was a cash only business, no checks either - who carries more than $600 with them? The biggest difference was undoubtedly the price. The three-layer cake, with all of its flourish and beautiful characteristics, was only $300! This included an almond paste fondant icing, Grand Marnier pastry creme, life-like sugar flowers, icing details and delivery! A similar cake at the aforementioned Little Italy bakery would have easily been 3x the price. A bride on a budget and who wants a beautiful wedding cake absolutely needs to come here!
5	This is a top notch bakery. It's defenetly the best in Parc-Ex and possibly the best in the city. They renovated the place a couple of years ago which makes the service even better than before.
4	Wonderful pastry shop, but the staff is not overly friendly.I love all the mini Baklava's and the Spanikopita.I go back for the food.There is no real line so if you don't push yourself to be served, those who come in after you will be served for sure. They claim that the number system doesn't work. Not sure why, it can work every where else.
5	One of the best things about Montreal is its cultural diversity (you hear that, Marois?). Its not in every city that you can find an exclusively Greek bakery like Afroditi.It's big, its very well-kept, and its awesome! The dessert varieties they have is mind-boggling. Everything from baklavas, galaktobourekos, almond cookies to savoury snacks like spanakopitas and tyropitas can be found here. There were so many different types of stuff I couldnt decide which ones to buy and take home! So I ended up taking 4 whole boxes :D What can I say? I love my desserts.They even have a small seating area if you want to sit and enjoy something from the bakery, which we did.They also make cakes, and sell some authentic Greek olive oils and balsalmic vinegars.Amazing place!
5	Probably the best place in Montreal for Black Forest Cake!Nestled deep in Parc Extension, Afroditi Bakery is THE go-to Greek bakery in Montreal and usually known only among local Parc Extensioners. I really hope that changes because this is truly one of the best, cleanest and most unique pastry shops in Montreal and well within most people's budgets. This is not some chi-chi-ka-ka-poo-poo snobby pastry shop when even asking a simple question to the servers earns you an iced-cold glare.Rather, think of warm, sweet Greek aunties baking some great stuff up and wanting to feed you silly with all their goodness because they think you're too skinny and need fattening up. That's just the service alone. The pastry selection and baked goods selection is amazing and their Black Forest cake is a must. Keep in mind that Greek, Turkish and Arab baklava varieties are NOT all the same and vary from region to region. That said, the homemade baklava selection  here is, quite simply , probably one of the best you'll come across in Montreal and possibly  outside of Greece.With a beautiful stained glass ceiling, highlighting the baked goods, serene but elegant vibe and a few seats if you want to sit down for a coffee break, going to Afroditi is a joy for anyone with a sweet tooth.
5	On a crisp sunny Easter Saturday we went off the beaten path in search of Easter bread. As you stroll in the Greek neighbourhood, Afroditi is not difficult to find, the aromas of heavenly sweetness spread on the streets surrounding the bakery.One gets easily lost entering this fine establishment, it is difficult to choose between the abundant varieties of pastries, cookies and some traditional for the Balkan peninsula bakery produce. Fortunately the Easter bread continued coming out of the oven, arranged in the middle of the shop it kept reminding me what am I here for. I can't be in a Greek bakery without tasting immediately some traditional pastry, during this visit the kadaif(e) was the chosen one, although the baklava looked not less attractive, thick and layered as I believe it should be made. We had our kadaif(e) in the little sitting section that is made of just few tables. This corner is not really inviting to stay longer, but just sit back for a second, smile at the chocolate Easter bunnies, enjoy the stained glass ceiling, watch the crowd lining up in front of the counters and chatting in Greek. Back to the kadaif(e), perfectly rolled, filled in with lots of walnuts and well soaked in syrup, did I taste honey or it was my happy imagination, don't know anymore, I was in a honeyed heaven.Afroditi bakery is one of these beautiful places that make me love Montreal. Whether you live here or you are just visiting, this is one of the places to go for both the delectable pastry and the amazing feeling how surprisingly diverse is this city. Ah, forgot to mention, the Easter bread was delicious too!
4	My greek friend Mr. Boots recommended this place to me so I went and it ruled. Greek sweets are legit! Try the greek version of terrale they have its super tasty.
5	Its been about 3 years since I am coming in and out of this restaurant and my God the food is always consistently great. First off if youre craving great cakes, or anything for a good sugar rush craving, then skip the local grocery store bakery and come make the trip here. Theyre cakes are always fresh, and made with all the real cream and buttery goodies. They also have a sitting area to eat stuff, literally fresh off the oven. I am a big fan of their cheesecake, strawberry shortcake, and vanilla buttercream cake. They also serve traditional creampuffs, and other greek dessert varieties. The staff working are fast on their cashes and food wrap so dont get intimidated if there is a couple of people waiting in line. A few good pointers for people who are especially looking for bakeries for a last minute birthday/anniversary/should-not-have-waited-last-minute cake, aforditi tries to accommodate last minute requests as much as they can. However they can still try to take orders as late as 3 days before delivery during winter times if your cake order is something less extravagant. I remember ordering a few of the cakes for just special ingredients and flavors as late even a day before pickup so I am very happy with order accuracy and quality. This place is really great. I also love the Greek ambiance and homey feel from the staff. Kudos!!!
5	Le bon spot pour les desserts grecs, bougatsa, diples, ek mek, galaktobourikos tsourekis et autres melomakaronas
4	Location: Park Extension. If you use transit, you can hop off at Parc metro, or you can drive there. Street parking only.The goods: A good friend of mine is getting married soon so we threw her a surprise wedding shower. We decided it would be a great idea to ask the good folk over at Afroditi to bake us a cake to help us celebrate the occasion, and boy, what a fabulous cake it was! Since my friend loves Tiramisu, we asked Afroditi if they could make this for us - no problem. The Tiramisu was delicious and but sans cream, which actually worked out really well. The cake was perfectly moist, not too sweet, with just a hint of coffee. The icing was (I think) Marzipan. The cake reminded me of the Birks store because it was shaped like a big jewelery box, with bright blue icing. Not only was it stunning to look at, the cake was damn good to boot. Price point: No comment for now as I didn't pay for the cake - I just ate it. Great place for desserts of all kinds. Check it!
1	I was client of Afroditi for 7 years. 2014 i organized a birthday for a friend who is very sick. He might not be with us for very long. He is always in pain. However he loves dessert. So i wanted to give him the best so he can remember. I asked the owner mr. BILLY  to decorate cake with birthday boy's name on it. i gave him my phone # so he can tell me if there was any troboule. I told everyone how amizing is their cake. But....when i presented the cake on his birthday there was no name, or decoration on the cake , it looked like was bought from grocery store, no care or thought was given to it . If i asked IGA they Would do better at decorating birthday cake than Afriditi did . So i was embarrassed bcuz i told how amizing was Afriditi. we didn't have the birthday that we wished. My friend didn't have the cake that i promised. So i called the owner mr.billy asked if he knows wat happend. He didn't take any ownership of the trouble  that was caused by Afriditi. He said " did i ruined ur day that much to replace it with another cake." so i called him again so i know tat he knows i didn't like tat service. ofcourse he didn't take the time to call me back. This was how much he valued my 7 years loyalty..Another family  birthday is comming in November I'm sure not going to Afriditi again . I will go to Gascon on m. Laurent. One of the best in Montreal. At least i will get courtious customer service n better quality for my money. I don't want buy attitude n bad memory on a birthday. I was disappointed of Afriditi.
1	Hi I'm sorry to say that i had a awful experience with them. I asked to write something on the birthday cake of my friend who has bad cancer who can go anytime.  One of my friend picked up the cake for him. I expected a better customer service  since I have been a loyal client for more than 6 years. I told my dying friend how good is going to be his birthday cake. When i opened the box it wasn't how i asked. Very disappointing!  We were sad, bcz the cake was the main thing. So i complined to the woner Billy to learn how much he didn't value my loyalty. He said  he will not replace the cake,said "did we ruined ur day that much?" So before i flash them out of life i call them back  one more time, nothing changed. This is how much i was dissatisfied with the service. I would expect little better for my $$ n loyalty, time. So don't ruined ur birthday like me, i do not recommend them. They lost me. In any other party  If i encounter cake coming from them i scape dessert. Bcz I wasn't valued as a long-term client  t. tnx
