4	This little hole in wall type Thai place is right across from campus, and they have great lunch specials. I love the fact that you can jay walk across Maryland parkway, and into this place that is really under utilized because people stick to their basic fast food and don't go out on a limb for some goodness. I stick to the basics here, but everything that I have had is super yummy. Great soups, and yummy noodles!!This is a really good alternative to gross MSU food or the fast food that surrounds campus!
4	What kept this from getting 5 stars was the white guy who seemed to be acting as a waiter of sorts.  He had an attitude, although he didn't direct it at me.  He had no patience with the large student group eating dinner together, and there wasn't any reason for him to have acted the way he did.  The group wasn't drunk, wasn't raucous, and was only a little chaotic because they were a little more focused on their conversation than who ordered what when their orders came out.The white guy waiter with an attitude was largely offset by the very nice "Mint Squid" (basil, actually) I had with sticky rice.  The dish was nicely seasoned, not too greasy, the rice was chewy, the woman who brought out my food was very nice, and she gave me a plate of cut orange for afterwards.  I look forward to trying some of their other dishes, although I'll probably give the "lunch specials" the skip.  I learned a long time ago that lunch specials are rarely very "special", and it's better to order from the regular menu in Asian restaurants.
4	Wow!  I had a lunch special and it wasn't half bad!  Okay, so the spring roll wasn't anything to write home about, but the chicken red curry and steamed rice were perfectly acceptable, as was the egg drop with vegetables soup.  I asked for 4-star hot, and that's exactly what I got (okay, so the waiter was a bit skeptical that I would eat 4-star hot, considering I'm as Anglo-looking Northern European Blue-eyed Redhead as they come).  I would still recommend something off the regular menu rather than the lunch special, but I was pleasantly surprised.
4	Red thai curry chicken (spice level 7) lunch special...6.95 comes with egg drop soup, crispy wontons and a small eggroll.   Delicious.  I've worked across the street for 4 years and had never been before.  It's clean and unpretentious. update:  spice level 7 red thai curry can also double as a full body cleanse.  And it's probably cheaper... ouch.
2	Convenient for UNLV Students. The lunch special is the way to go. $6.95 and you get soup, and spring roll and the entree with rice.The place has been recently remolded and the food is much better than before. Not the best .. but it hits the spot.Best thing on the Menu is the curry and the orange chicken.Staff is very friendly.
3	This place is small and seems family-owned.  It's good for UNLV students, and the prices are pretty good, and the staff is friendly.  The food is pretty good, too, but I can't really of think of anything stand-out awesome here...  I'd come back.  It's small and unassuming and a nice change from corporate mass-production.
1	If you love your food from the can; bathed in sweet and salty goop; and love outdated decor, then you'll love this place. Otherwise, avoid this place like the plague. Perhaps the most disheartening thing is that it used to be okay. The owners now believe that quantity equals better quality. I used to come for their lunch specials. You choose from a list of entrees (pad thai, mint chicken, orange chicken) and it comes with a soup (egg or hot n sour) and an egg roll. I ordered a stir-fried chicken with vegetables. The hot n sour soup that came with my order was slimy, thick, and had this pungent odor. My entree was drenched in this overly sweet sauce that overpowered the chicken. The veggies looked like it came from the can. Apparently they give you dessert of a plate of canned mandarin oranges with the syrup. It was a nice gesture but I prefer fresh fruit. The only redeeming quality from my meal was the egg roll with the sweet and sour sauce. Service was fine and prompt. I've had better food though. My piece of advice? Ditch this place for Cafe Mitz, Roberto's or Chipotle.
5	1st, the older gentleman who runs the place is very hospitable, he offers suggestions (since that have a large, varied, & unique menu) & even customize it based on what you like. I got the chicken with baby corn, instead of rice I get extra veg mixed with, they never charge me extra. They home make the thai sauce they serve with the chicken & baby corn. My friends got the green curry (the red curry is real hot) & Kung pao (which tingles but not to hot).The best part is how frieny they are esp the older guy, he always shows me how to hold the bag so no sauce spills out the carton haha. Now that's customer service. PS I disagree with the price at ($$), all meals are 7-9$...I'm Jewish & that is cheap, so I would say it's ($).
4	Hole in the wall but food was good. Thai tea was fantastic with free refilled. I had a thai beef jerky and sticky rice, very good combination. Chicken Larb( ground chicken salad) and veg. was nice and hot .Next time I will order mild. My friend had chicken green curry and rice. She had big ole smile the whole nite. Thank  you N&N :). We will be back very soon.
3	Very friendly staff. I like their thai chicken wings. Planning on trying other dishes in time. I've only been there twice and let's hope the third time they don't get my choice of rice wrong again.I got Satay the last time and prices were eh. Five small pieces of Satay for $7.95. Best to go during lunch special.
4	This place has definitely grown on me.  While the decor leaves much to be desired, it's in a convenient location and they have fairly priced lunch specials.  I go here pretty much for the red curry, since it's pretty dang good.  The dishes that my friends have gotten look pretty good, too.  I love their eggrolls and the sauce that goes with it.  The servers are also sweet.  Overall, when I'm hankering for Thai food and I'm at school, this is where I'm going.
1	I don't know how people think this place is even slightly ok....we went here based on all the yelpers good ratings and was so disappointed.  I didn't care so much that the restaurant is ugly.  I'll take an ugly restaurant as long as the food is tasty and authentic.  But the thai curry we ordered was watered down and not very flavorful.  My daughter's wonton soup was awful.  I'm sorry the people were nice but the food was bad.
2	Walking in here I hoped I was discovering a hidden gem. I was dying for some Thai food, and the thought of finding a great Thai restaurant near UNLV had my insides jumping with excitement and anticipation (but mostly with hunger).The insides are pretty shabby. They still have those fat TVs perched on one corner of the wall, and I don't even know if it works. I went with the Pad Thai and my partner had a Chicken Dish. The Chicken Dish was great, I was impressed with it. I can't remember the name, I think it was Mai...something.The Pad Thai was yummy, but something was off. My stomach wasn't reacting well. I finished half of it and asked for a to-go box to finish it at home.I got home later that night and attempted to enjoy it, but soon after my stomach started to hurt again :( It wasn't the spiciness or anything I was aware of. Maybe too much MSG?The service, however was undeniably great. I wish I can give it a better review, but my dish was not that great.
2	Popped in here with a friend who knows my affinity for a good panang and Thom kha soups. Add the spicy mint squid and we had our meal all sorted out!We went in on a Monday afternoon and there was a solo diner at one table plus the two of us. A few to-go orders, and that was about it. I mention this because they seemed to be in desperate need of customers. It was palpable and not just a little uncomfortable. It's a bit ramshackle... and it's an odd mix of a tad (and I mean just a tad) kitschy-cute and a lot of clean-this-place-up.The service is friendly, if a bit hover-y, which is surprising when I point out we had to ask for a few things that seemed they should have been automatic.OK, food. The spicy mint squid was spicy, but not the 4 / 5 we ordered. If *that* was an 80% on their spice scale then a 1 / 5 has to have all the kick of a piece of white toast. I was disappointed. My friend said they are used to her 8 / 5 (volcanic) tastes and maybe they held back? I suppose that's possible, but if you offer me a scale and I use it... so should you. The rest of the dish wasn't bad; the bveggies were bright and perfectly cooked. The sauce was flavorful even though it lacked the kick we wanted. As for the meat, I would have preferred rings and tentacles. The body pieces they used were cut large and scored for texture, but they were a bit tough. Probably not ordering this one again.The Thom Kha coconut soup was good, the spice was much better, and the additions (chicken, veggies, mushrooms, etc.) were perfectly done. A bit too much milk, but the dish was, in the end, nicely done and I would order this again.The panang was OK. I was bummed that they offer it only as a beef panang and you have to ask for something else. I like shrimp in mine, but we went with the off-the-menu chicken version. It was very thick, almost too much so, and the peanut was overpowering. The spice was, again, almost non-existent and I had to add chili to it.The iced tea (green/jasmine) was tasty and refreshing and, if you like, they offer the Thai iced teas and such, too.The people who own this little place are very, very nice and hospitable. The food, however, is the primary reason why I go out to eat... I'd go back if I happen to be there and hungry for Thai in the moment, but I don't see myself seeking it out when there are so many better options in town.
4	This isnt the best thai food ever so if you are used to that you may not be please. BUT, it is pretty decent. The staff was also wonderful. They have a crazy cheap lunch special of 5.95. You really can't beat that for what you get. I ordered the beef broccoli which came with egg drop soup and an eggroll. The portion was bigger than I thought it was gonna be. Pretty good.My friend got the cashew chicken. That was pretty good too.I also got a pad sew eew to go for dinner later and I was VERY happy I tried it first. They are pretty heavy on the spice here because I can usually enjoy a 3 (medium), but their 3 was FIRE. It was way hotter than I expected. The cook did come out & make me a new one when I mentioned it though and it was amazing! I don't really care for the Asian broccoli though, I rather have the American kind.The only really disappointing thing was when we ordered wontons. We expected a wonton filled with pork, but instead we got wonton strips. Otherwise, its a pretty good dive.
5	Now although this place is no Komol, it was still quite delicious and filling for the price. Upon walking in, the staff immediately set up a table for my group, but we let them know we were ordering for take-out. The staff was very friendly and willing to give the best service to us, which is something I look for in restaurants. One interesting thing about this place is you can choose a level of spiciness for all the entrees. The levels of spiciness start at 1 (hardly any/no spice) to 5 (hot hot hot!).  I decided to order the chicken pad see eew with no spice, because I am weak sauce when it comes to spice. All our orders took some time to prepare, but once they were ready they were all packed up nicely and ready for us to take back to our office. The pad see eew didn't have as much sauce as I thought it would, but it wasn't a bad thing. The noodles and broccoli were still quite flavorful and had the flavor of the sauce on them, so it wasn't overpowering at all. The pieces of chicken were big and plentiful, so overall everything was great.I definitely enjoyed my experience at N & N and definitely will come again when I am craving pad see eew.
3	Went with the basic chicken teryiaki and veggies for $7.95. First time inside as i usually go italian next door. Place needs a serious makeover as curtains and tables seem outdated and it is very cluttered by the register. The teriayki place next door was closed, so decided to risk it here. Not bad, about 7 big slices of white meat with a decent sauce (not enough) and some assorted veggies which could have been better - skip the cabbage and throw in some mushrooms or pea pods. It was also served with a pint of steamed rice. Very healthy choice for a change, but fried rice that some guy was eating might be on the hit list next.
3	I had not been to N&N in 4ish years (I remembered an oily chili mint chicken) and basically forgot about it.  Recently I was having a craving for spicy Asian cuisine (oh wait, that is every day haha!) so I thought about nearby options.  I remembered N&N and went over for a to-go order.  Lunch specials are $5.99 - can't beat that!I got chicken Thai salad at spicy 4 of 5 which came with white rice and a small veggie egg roll.  Cheap cheap!  The server is very sweet too.  I took it back and really enjoyed it (fresh raw jalepenos, yeah baby!) and the dressing was so good I put my rice into it.I ordered to go via phone today the same thing plus a Thai iced tea.  The Thai iced tea is only $1.25 so that cannot be beat anywhere.  I got the same spice level and everything is hunky dory.  The server almost forgot my Thai tea but I scurried back in before I was back to campus to get it.  The lunch special plus Thai tea came to $8.58.There is a sign there that credit card charges under $10 have a $0.75 fee but I got off the hook this time :)
4	4-stars for the cheap lunch specials, excellent service, and being the Thai eatery closest to UNLV Student Union.
