4	Jay Bolan recently started a year-long gig at the Four Queens Hotel and Casino downtown.  We'd never heard of him but figured, hey, it's a night out with comped tickets.  We had no idea what to expect when we entered the small theater and saw four acoustic guitars on the stage and a single stool for the performer.The room was surprisingly comfortable;  small tables with four chairs facing the stage, a bar, and you can bring in your own drink.  My Venti Starbucks kept me company on one of my increasingly-rare alcohol-free nights :).Jay did a 1 1/2 hour show of mostly 70s and 80s music, with a sprinkling of 60s and 90s to keep everyone happy.  He has a very pleasant voice - well oiled with a never-ending supply of Bud Lite - very good guitar skills, and had a great rapport with the audience, especially since he took lots of requests during the last 45 minutes of the show.  This kept the audience happy.  But alas, the audience was way too small, not unheard-of for an unknown, and I hope that he will develop a following.
5	As someone in his mid 20's with not much background in music from the 60's, 70's and 80's I can still say this was an excellent show. He does some great pieces from each era and plays and sings very well. I loved the fact that the music was not being super amplified - louder never means better when it comes to quality audio. If you appreciate music, you should check out this show regardless of your age though the crowd will most likely be 40-50+.Other than a few set pieces he uses to transition from each era (60's to 70's to 80's) he takes requests from the audience so each performance will be different.It is a very relaxed setting. Tables provided for larger groups and couches for the VIP tickets. Otherwise you will get to sit in a row of chairs.Well worth the ~$15 price of admission. Show ran about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
5	This guy was awesome. I sure hope he gets a following soon. Heck he is better than some of the shows I have paid good money to see on the strip.
4	Jay walks on to an empty stage populated only by 5 guitars, a stool, microphone and a bucket of ice containing 2 beers.  He covers music from the 60's, 70's and a little from the 80's while taking requests from the audience.  His memory is excellent as is his voice.
5	Jay Bolan is a very talented musician.  .  I had seen him many times in the last year and found out about him at the four queens hotel & casino.  Not Every single show was the exact same.  His song's include music from the 60's 70's and a short version of the 80's.  I was bummed to find out he is not there anymore.  This is a big loss for the Four Queens!!!!  Definitely a show u must go to once he lands in the better place because I know he will.
