2	This place gets it's two stars for the pizza, it actually was pretty decent, good sauce and the flavored garlic crust was good. We got the pepperoni, sausage, bacon, and onion and I liked it. The pricing was comparable to the 10+ other pizza places in the area. The cheese breadstick were just ok.    The minus 3 stars was for the service/employees working there when we went in. They were arguing with one another, the delivery driver walked in and he was definitely stoned. Don't come to work stoned then again I'm  sure he gets free pizza and munchies for his higher state. Though the pizza was worth it we decided we can get pizza from other places with better service and better cheesebread. I was not impressed with the unprofessionalism of the employees when we went in.
3	The pizza here is pretty legit. I think that the price is decent for what you get. What makes this real good is their different options for the crust.Now the bad. The workers here are idiots! They are yelling at each other and the atmosphere put me on edge just waiting for my food. The guy on the phone when we made our order made me repeat it about 3 times. We tried this out with a coupon, told them when I called, and had to re-explain their own promotion. Luckily it isn't hard to make pizzas. I would tell you to try this out, but don't expect much from the employees....UPDATE: we have come back a few times and their service seems to have gotten better. The pizza is legit here.
2	Holy moly does this place have some low standards for their employees! I called in our order and it took me repeating everything 3 to 4 times to get it right. I worked the phone portion at a pizza place and it's not that hard. The computer set up is simple enough an 8 yr old could do it. When my husband went to pick it up he said t was like a glorified Little Cesear's  and he had to explain the coupon all over again to them. The pizza was decent though for the price. I like that there is different crust flavors to choose from. Hopefully they get some better customer service because people won't be returning with the current employees they have.
4	My wife and I are thrilled to have a Hungry Howies in the northwest.  We used to live in Aliante, so became fans of the chain there. Now we won't need to drive 15  minutes each way to get it.We always get the single topping $5.99 large, mushrooms with buttered cheese crust. With tax it comes to $6.48. We haven't found another place where you can get that kind of a deal.  It isn't always advertised, but we haven't ever been refused. Be sure to ask about it.A for the pizza, we really like it. Not as greasy as pizza hut, not as doughy or heavy as papa johns.  We aren't fans of lots of sauce so this is right up our alley.  Big fans, our single source for fresh pizza!
1	Well it was a nice thought.lol. I ordered take out on 5-18-14 at about 7:43pm. Was told my food would be ready at 8:00 which is when I arrived. After waiting until 8:10 the clueless teenagers realized that a delivery guy took a bunch of wrong pizzas to deliver to some surprising customers Im sure, which were my pizzas and wings. Needless to say the dumb and dumbers had to remake my food and was ready at 8:27. FTP!
5	I used to eat this pizza once a week at old location on Vegas Valley and Nellis. Thrilled that they opened up one so close to our house on NW Vegas. Butter cheese crust is a must and your doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the thin crust pizza. Truly great pizza. Highly recommend this to friends and family.
5	I used to drive to the aliante store for my pizza.  It must be my birthday because this place is 2 blocks away from where I live.  Food is great.  Service is great. The crew at the counter is nice although they can use a little more practice with learning all the coupons. Will be a regular at this location.  Butter cheese!
4	Pizza is fresh and full of flavor. Salads are big and delicious. Staff needs to be more aware of promotions they are running, via email club or coupons!Staff is friendly!
1	My initial thought was..... "15 dollars for two pizzas, can't beat that!" Come to find out my 6 year old daughter just had this with her father the weekend before we did. She was so sick from it she threw up. I asked her about the last time she ate it along with her dad and both confirmed she had been sick the first time as well. Don't bother if you have children. If not don't bother unless you have an iron stomach or need to loose 5 lbs.
1	There is a reason why the pie is cheap. Ate here twice and got sick both times. Spend the extra dough and go down the street or your toilet bowl will become your 2 day seat..... Woof
5	Pizza was great! We ordered the Philly cheese steak specialty pizza with the garlic herb crust and a ham& jalapeno with the butter cheese crust.
1	not a thing from his place is fresh all frozen. supermarket pizzas are more  likely to be better. if you don't make your own dough, daily,  you should not be in the pizza business!!!!!!
3	Love the flavored crust! On that note, that's about all to love besides the pretty cheap prices. On my first visit, I called ahead for pick up, and when I arrived I still had to wait an extra 10 minutes or so. This was around 5pm so I guess its a busy time on a Saturday. Being that its a new location I'm hoping their quality and service will get better over time.
1	Horrible service. Had a kids late bday party for 15 and decided to order a few pies.. They told me pizzas would be ready for pick up in 15 minutes, after I arrived doors where locked and management told me store was closed.. I told him I put my order in and that I had kids waiting on the pizza.. They apologized and closed the door again.. 3 minutes caused this place a bad review and lost a bunch of angry parents and  kids business.. I don't recommend and thank you Little Ceasars across the street that took care of us with great service and was able to get pizza for the party..
5	We have ordered pizzas here twice now and they are so delicious! Delivery is super fast!
5	Last night I hosted a last minute MNF party at my house. I spoke with a very polite and respectful employee named Danny. I placed my order through him and explained to him I needed this order to be right. He reassured me without hesitation my order would be taken care of. When my order arrived, I thoroughly inspected everything and boy was it spot on! Pizza and wings well done as I ordered. The wings were seasoned perfect with the right amount of wing sauce. My guest were very pleased with the food as I was and wings were definitely a hit! Thank you Danny for your attention to detail, your outstanding customer service and the great food! We will be ordering here, along with our friends, in the very near future. HH should be proud! Thank you, JR
5	This place is beyond awesome!!! We placed an order to introduce some friends to the deliciousness that is Hungry Howie's and they messed up our order...With that said... they admitted their mistake and not only made us a new pizza, but refunded us the cost of the pizza for our inconvenience!  I have never had service quite like this and will continue to recommend them to ANYONE who wants to try something outside the standard 3.  And if you like buffalo chicken you have got to try their buffalo chicken pizza with ranch crust! It's Epicness in a pizza!
1	Would not recommend this to my worst enemy.  Boneless Chicken, terrible, step down from a crappy school lunch.  Salad, terrible. Pizza, also terrible, the box was tastier than the actual pie. Service, terrible, post high school rejects and not the cool ones. -try north side Nathan's or metro pizza
5	Had a calzone here and fantastic is the only way to describe it.  They gave me a lot of options for sauces and I didn't use one of them.  I am a bit of a purist ie: the way it comes should be amazing and I wasn't dissapointed.
