4	Love!This place was suggested to me by the concierge. The restaurant is adorable (inside/outside terrace) and the bar nextdoor is TONS of fun. Saw some live French Canadian music, people there were great. Beer was cheap, waiters attentive. Had a blast. A very strong "GO!" to anyone passing through town!
4	This place is next door to Les 2 Pierrots, and keep in mind, it opens at 8:30pm! At least it did when I went to check it out. Super fun, beer is a great deal on Fridays. (check out the Boreale, it is the Quebequer beer) $7 cover gets you in, it seemed to be pretty full by 9:30pm. Tons of energy, and the shows are in French, so, if you are not a French speaker, get ready to learn. The bands are quality (warm up act less so, obviously) and they perform a very likable repertoire of classic French, and English songs. I sang along, and even got up to dance once!If you are in town, passing by, you have to check it out.
4	cute, slightly touristy place..  the staff kept weirdly singing to "hit the road jack" and other random tunes.  This was entertaining/odd, but we enjoyed our food (No surprise chicken wrap and a pesto chicken wrap).  Both were VERY good.I would eat here again.PS- This place needs to make their own ranch!  Homemade, buttermilk ranch dressing.
4	It's a really cute place to go, even as a tourist! I can't speak French and I can understand bits and pieces of French; however, being in here it doesn't make a difference because Fun is a universal language! The only thing I did not like about this place is that they have half pitcher drinks as opposed to a normal sized pitcher. If I were to move to Montreal (which I wouldn't), I would come here to make fast friends. Everyone seemed laid back and were there to have a good time. The band did play 2 or 3 songs in English for the time we were there. Definitely check this place out if you are around the area. It's worth it and the atmosphere is amazing.
1	THIS PLACE DRUGGED MY GIRLFRIEND AND I! DO NOT TRUST THE WAITERS! On saturday May 31st, my girlfriend and I went into this establishment for a drink and some music. After being disrespected by the quebec nationalist bartender who was rude to us because we were anglos, we finally got served. About a half hour later we completely blacked out from some substance (we think it was ketamine). After a troublesome night getting home we came to the next morning and were sick as hell for the next week. We are going to file a police report and take action against the bar. NEVER GO HERE!!!!
