2	I'm not a huge fan of this store.  I normally only go into Ross Stores to pick up something specific.  Today, my son wanted to get a pair of cheap, throwaway sunglasses.We went into the store and found what we were looking for in 3 minutes....unfortunately, it took 20 minutes to check out.  The line was wrapped across the aisle and into the clothing section.  There was only 1 cashier for a long time.  After about 10 minutes, someone finally came to help her.I don't like how disorganized this store is.  There is always stuff out of place and it never seems to be in good shape.Will I come back?  Only when I have to.
3	Messy and poorly stocked. I enjoy coming to Ross stores for their low privces and that's about it. Whenever I need help finding anything no employee in sight. Clothing, toys, shoes are everywhere in is always a big mess. Also during the weekday people bring there kids and let them destroy things. Hello, they should be in school.
5	I stopped in to purchase some new pillows and sheets for a new bed we bought today.I was pleased with the variety and prices.We both got Tommy Hilfiger king size pillows for $9.99 each.Picked out some soft silky king size sheets for $19.99 regularly $59.99 so that was a great deal. It came with a flat sheet, fitted sheet and 4 king size pillow cases.The line was very long but the cashiers had it under control and it moved pretty quickly.I love the good deals you can find at Ross for all kinds of stuff for the home.Over Christmas this last year I got a real nice Tommy Hilfiger leather purse for just $24.99 that would have cost me $89.99 had I gone to the mall to purchase it.I love Ross!
3	It's Ross and you come to browse for deals. While the stock here tends to be good compared to others, it can get sometimes messy. I also have had bad luck with being here when everyone wants to check out and they only have 2 registers open. Took 20 minutes once this recent visit to check out which is a bit crazy. I found a lot of things I wanted, but the wait was a bit more than I liked.
5	This Ross is always neat and clean. The staff is actually nice and they do not act like you are bothering them.
4	Go figure all the good stuff tends to be at the opposite side of town. Finding items within this chaos is like digging for buried treasure. It is tedious at first, but once it is found, you cherish it. At least that is how I feel about the household goods found at Ross. It doesn't matter what time you get there or when you think no one is shopping. There has always been moments where I question if waiting in the line is worth the hassle of grabbing one or two pieces. My greedy ass always says yes and I'm stuck. Oh well. I guess it is worth it in the long run. All those who enter my house, be envious. Eat your heart out.
4	This Ross is one of the cleanest ones there are in Vegas. It's conveniently located across Wal*Mart, so whatever I can't find at Wal*Mart at a cheap price.. I can find it in here!You really can't beat the prices here. You can find a lot of high-end stuff in here for a fraction of the cost! They also have a lot of trendy tops and bottoms for men, women, young, and old. You can practically find almost anything here: clothes, shoes, beauty products, home decor, etc. This is definitely my "go to" Ross!
1	Customer service is terrible! I went in to find a shirt and tried to ask for help but no one helps out or offers then the guy at the fitting room is terrible and doesn't ask if everything went well he just takes it and that's it come on really people
1	This store is TRASH...Due to my work schedule I wanted to get my Christmas Shopping I really was hoping to complete my Shopping with this final trip.This Ross happens to be in the same shopping center the store I was shopping at so I decided to check out what was there.Super disappointing. The store was in shambles. I pretty much had to search around but came across some cheaply priced gifts that were okay. Well that's when some large rude security guard came up to me and told me, I could not carry a $22 cane in a particular way.  After asking him why and he pretty much told me because he said so... I decided I didn't even want the $22 cane. I put the cane down and decided I was ready to go. I was looking trough my basket deciding what what I wanted and removing the items I didn't, i just happened to look up. And the Security Guard who had been bothering me was... Staring at me, he had been following me... As if I needed to steal something.So at that point I decided to take my items and go. The security and a woman whom I later found out was the "Supervisor" heckled me  while I was in line until I purchased, my items. The security was shouting at me,  telling me he had a Black baby...When I was finally able to purchase my items I  asked for a manager. And it was the same person who was encouraging the security guard and she was just as disrespectful as him. The only reason why this place got my business was because of its location but I will never ever spend my money with this company again!!! So many better options I will avoid this place like the plauge.
