5	This dominos is amazing!!!!!I used to hate dominos, butNow i love it! They make thereOrders right and you get your foodFast and its sooo good!!!!!
4	The last time we ordered pizza on Super Bowl Sunday was a few years ago and we ordered from Pizza Hut.  It was almost two hours before we received our food.  Today we decided to order from Domino's and this is our second time ordering from them.  The first time we did carryout because they had a special, but since they emailed me some online specials earlier today we decided to do delivery.  $5.99 for two or more medium, 2-topping pizza, or 8-piece chicken wings.  First of all I thought that was a great deal, but when I received my order 20mins later I was shocked! The approximate delivery time was about 30mins at least, but since it's Super Bowl Sunday I expected it to take up to an hour if not more.  Actually that's why I ordered my food so early.  I mentioned it to the driver and he said that all of their drivers are out working today to avoid backed up deliveries.  I'm really impressed with the extra steps that Domino's is taking to ensure great service.
1	They always forget something or another for my order and then refuse to deliver it. First offense can be forgiven however it seems like a constant thing with this location. Manager Katy is rude and refused to help.
4	I go to this Domino's location a lot since I live fairly close and when I'm hanging out with friends late at night, their 2 for $5.99 each deal is pretty sweet and convenient. Never had a problem at this place. Everyone was nice. Late at night, most of them are pretty laid back so we have a short conversation as I'm ordering. Good people, good food. Can't really beat it when it comes to these high-end pizza shops.
5	Never was a Domino's fan until they did their last reboot to their pizza. Gotta say I love it. Was confident in our closest Domino's (Blue Diamond) and their service, then we moved. Thankfully our new location is just as great. Great pizza and fast, courteous service.  Never an incorrect order. Also, I order online so not sure if that makes a difference.
5	Katie was very helpful. Awesome service.  Told her I had an allergy to corn & she had them make it on a different table. Get the chicken bacon ranch. I had a GF pizza. 50% off online orders. Best service I've ever had. You rock. CALI the DM Thank you for the help also.
4	Ordered from this Domino's a couple times, and I have to say, I was quite happy with the result. We had the pizzas one time and the oven-baked sandwiches another, and while I could go on about either one (the sandwiches are to die for!), what really counts is that they were friendly, punctual, got our orders right, and the food was delicious.Service times are a little higher for this location than others I've ordered from, so the delivery guy didn't get to our door quite as promptly as I'd have hoped, though it's forgivable because I think this location services a larger area than many others due to the odd layout and lower amount of delivery businesses in the area. When we lived on the northeast side of Vegas, there were a lot more restaurants that delivered to our area, and times were lower as a result. We didn't have to wait over-long, and they were still quicker than the Pizza Hut that delivered to our apartment off Rainbow and Russell, so they remain my pizza delivery place of choice.The food arrived hot, another problem we had regularly with the Pizza Hut in the area. Maybe it's because they're faster, or maybe it's because Domino's has a better pizza delivery conveyance sleeve that keeps the food more insulated. Maybe their delivery guy is a fire wizard and kept the pies and sandwiches hot with the power of his mind, it could really be anything. The point is that the food arrived hot, which is intrinsically important to any delivery business--hot things should be hot and cold things should be cold. If I wanted to eat cold pizza, I'd go to the corner market, buy one, cook it, and leave it on the counter for a far lesser cost.The delivery guys were always friendly to boot, as were the staff members that I called in to order from, so I'd definitely recommend ordering from here if you live in the area instead of Pizza Hut.
5	Another amazingly timed delivery from this location.  The cooks here are the best at night.  Put our order in less than 20 minutes ago & it showed up 17 minutes flat.  Yes, I nibbled on my two slices of pizza and I'm writing about it literally right after I finished eating.  That's how good the food tastes.Grabbed two pizzas, feel free to try them. 12" thin crust has Roasted red pepper, bacon & WHITE sauce. Amazing. Medium Chicken, Bacon, white sauce pizza is also making my taste buds dance with joy. dinner for under $18.  Gave the driver (drove White Integra) a fair tip ($5)... He took care of us with hot food, I couldn't stiff a nice guy.Keep UP amazing work. Best Domino's I've ever had in a long time (boyfriend used to bring it home when he worked as a driver on the east coast). Very VERY picky Domino's customer since we used to get it a lot (old habits die hard).  Not one compliant out of me. :DThis location has never slipped up on quality of food & service.
