5	I love this company's location. His business was truly a surprise. I work in property management in California. My grandfather, however, is a resident of Peeples Valley, AZ (for those of you that don't know, it's basically nowhere Arizona).My grandfather called me as I used to do maintenance. I tried to explain to him what he needed to do to get help with his locks at his house. I knew what I was trying to tell him, but somehow I couldn't get it to come out right.So, as an avid Yelper, I hopped on to see who could help. I typed in phoenix as it was the nearest metro I knew. I called a few numbers, but no one could help (I doubt they want to give out free advice or travel that far). Now, to be perfectly honest, I don't remember who I talked to. All I know is I gave him my grandfather's number and situation and that pretty much wrapped it up. My grandfather called in about 20 minutes after I hung up with Stoddart's (here's the best part) My grandfather got the problem fixed. Not only that, he told me they offered to DRIVE OUT TO HIM! I Googled Surprise to Peeples Valley. 2 Hours! Stoddart's offered to drive 2 hours to Peeples Valley to make sure my grandfather had done it right. Here's the deal, I've done this type of work (not as a solitary lock professional), but I couldn't help out my Grandpa. Stoddart's helped him fix his problem no questions asked! Then the offered to drive out there which astonished me.Stoddart's is the type of old fashioned company that gets it done. They really care about anyone and everyone that calls. I called to thank them but that just wasn't enough. This company truly is outstanding and I'm happy to see that companies like this still exist.
5	Worked with Stoddart's Lock & Safe to install electronic locks at our new house. Josh was our locksmith and he did a great job of getting everything installed and working without issue. Good folks I'd definitely do business with again!
5	Timely and professional service. We will use them again.
4	Great service and great price. Our technician was Terry Richards who was knowledgable, helpful, friendly and professional. I was expecting to have to pay much more to change the locks in my recently purchased home in Sun City, but Terry suggested a way to do it more efficiently and cheaply. He walked all around and helped me understand the way an automatic garage door works as I've never had one. He helped whittle down the insane pile of keys to the storage cupboards in the garage. He helped me figure out how to make the sliding glass doors more safe. If you have a lock or key problem don't hesitate to call Stoddarts Lock and Safe.
5	Very fair!  i would do business with Stoddart's again.  Does what he says he's going to do and he's not trying to make a killing on service calls.  This guy is doing it right!
5	We recently locked our keys in our home and my husband locked his keys in his car in the span of one week.  We have in the past had bad experience in situations like this as locksmiths have a nasty habit of giving you one price over the phone and then upping it in person.  I have a huge problem with this as it is unethical.   Lucky for us we used Stoddarts Lock and safe and we were quoted a reasonable price on the phone on both occasions and we were elated when they showed up and the price quote was exactly the same.  This happened not once but twice.  Impressive! We were also happy that they were licensed and bonded meaning if any damaged occurred it would be taken care of. We were greeted both times in a timely and professional manner which is great considering both times this happened it was over 105 degrees outside.  This is the only place we will ever trust and considering we have a daughter that is soon going to be driving we have a feeling we are going to need them again.  Thank You.
5	Worked with Scott remotely to obtain some key blanks for keys that never had key blanks (manufactured for server racks).  I had to send sample locks to Scott.  Scott's service was spectacular!  In the end he got blanks that worked.  Great service and great price!
5	Definitely recommend this company to anyone and everyone!They are all professionals who know what they're doing.  They have reasonable prices and the customer service is awesome.  Not only are they all skilled at what they do, but they all have great personalities that really make the process easier.
5	Fast, friendly and affordable. Highly recommend. Terry was thorough and even fixed an issue we weren't aware we had. Thank you!
