5	Found this place through my insurance and I really love it. I generally see one of 2 PA's for my needs and they are bright and very nice. Further, everything is clean and friendly. Its not fancy, but they get the job done and I feel confident about the care I receive.
5	Great clinic with amazing medical providers and staff.  You can't find clinicians anywhere else that care about their patients from the bottom of their hearts like they do at AMC.The patient population is very diverse at this clinic, so they usually have staff who can speak Spanish, Burmese, Nepalese etc.  If they don't have staff who can speak your language, they will provide you with an interpreter through the language line :)There is a TV in the main waiting room and in each exam room that show family friendly movies.  Pretty awesome!Perfect clinic for your primary care!
5	I have been a patient at Arizona Medical clinic since July of 2010.There have been quite a few changes there over the last three years, and I must say they are for the better! When I first started being seen there, the building looked like it was falling apart. Not to mention that only four exam rooms were being used, and the rest were closed off. Adding in the fact that there were only two medical doctors, made wait times excessively long, and there was no form of entertainment. Now the waiting room has a TV which is always playing a "family friendly" movie. All of the exam rooms are now opened up for use, and there is even a fresh coat of  paint on the building's exterior. They have also hired another medical doctor and two physician's assistants. As you can imagine, long waits have disappeared. They even accept walk-ins and are open until 7PM.The medical assistants are very nice and knowledgeable.  At each visit, they take the time to carefully document my medical needs. If I need any sort of documentation as far as my disability is concerned, they provide it without hesitation. During visits when I am very ill, they provide prompt testing and results the same day. In doing so, it allows me to start medicine right  away and keeps the illness from  becoming worse.Overall if you're looking for a doctor who is truly concerned about you and your health, I would highly recommend Arizona Medical Clinic!
5	This clinic looks smaller on the outside then it really.  There isn't a single person at that clinic that wouldn't go out of their way to make each patient feel like they are important.  Everyone is so caring and wants to make your day better.  The clinic can be busy at times but that is because they take walk-ins in addition to their appointments.  Depending on the time and day you might have to wait a little while, but when the provider comes into the room you have their undivided attention.  Plus there are TV's in the waiting room and each exam room so you are entertained while you wait.
5	I went today for my 1st time and I was very impressed with the clinic.  Everyone is very friendly and down to earth.  From the front office staff to the nurse/medical assistant to the doctor, they all were genuine.  I really liked that even the nurse / medical assistant who brought me back into the exam room and checked my vitals was very attentive and caring about what I was there for.  She asked questions like a doctor would, she didn't just take my B/P, temp and run off quickly.  She was genuinely concerned. Dr. Som was awesome, I've never ever met a doctor like her.  She took the time to listen to me as a person and a patient which I've never experienced from a doctor or other health care provider.  She was also genuinely concerned and took the time to understand what I was dealing with and was very attentive with helping find ways to deal with the problems I presented.  She took the most time with me that any doctor ever has.  Normally a doctor is in and out of the room in 5-10 minutes, Dr. Som sat with me for at least a half an hour, it was refreshing to have that sort of attention from a doctor.  I will most definitely return to AMC, they really did a great job and I would definitely recommend them if you are not insured and need inexpensive health care.
4	Good service, clean clinic, helpful staffI happen to live just two blocks from here this particular clinic on Heatherbrae, so my decision to visit here was driven by distance first, then whether or not they took my insurance. Clinic seems clean, shabby furniture in the waiting area (there's a couch that is one giant fomite -- look it up) but generally in good condition. I can almost always get an appointment the same day, too. Glad I found this place; the clinic is assisted by physician-assistants and medical students - that kind of personnel can sometimes give spotty service, but I have never had a problem. I found someone I like (Janelle Porter, PA-C), and stuck with her; she's been super.  She listens to my issues and coordinates care very well, following up on even complex problems each time I am there.  I am particularly pleased by the quick references to other specialists I have gotten to deal with issues they can't. The only thing that I wish this clinic would revise their policy about is releasing lab and test results to patients over the phone. Currently, they require a follow-up visit (in person) to discuss results. Only through occasional rude behavior (I hate being rude to receptionists; they glue the world together) have I been able to impress upon them that I *do not always have the time* to make an appointment and come back for minor lab test results. They really need a better way of dealing with that.Otherwise, I'm pretty impressed.
4	4 stars for my first visit.  I'm sure my rating will change to 5 as I keep going here.The staff is friendly, and the wait wasn't long at all probably no more than 5 minutes.  The waiting room had a TV playing a kid-friendly movie on repeat, and decent amount of seating, though I'm hoping they'll upgrade from small plastic chairs to ones with cushions.  I was pretty reluctant to sit on the couch, as the term "fomite" from another review rung in my head.  (Seriously, look that up, and tell me that doesn't make you think of every chair or couch in any waiting area).My appointment time was at 5pm, and I had used ZocDoc to get all of my new patient paperwork in.  They'll still ask you questions when you get in as a new patient, but it didn't bother me; I'd rather be asked again and feel that they're genuinely concerned about my health.I was seen by Dr. Baoan Andy Le that day.  Excellent mannerism, seemed to really care that I wasn't feeling well, and actually pointed out something I hadn't even considered was a health problem.  Luckily, it was something that could also be tested for during a lab I needed to get.  The clinic is a little far from where I live, but I'd go far for a doctor that I felt comfortable being seen by.My only complaint would be... the bathroom!  The switch is for the lights and fan, and that thing is Super Loud!  Don't let that put you off from going here, though.
4	I have been a patient here for just over a year. I switched to this office because of it's closeness to where I was living and boy was it ever the right choice! I see Dr. Le and he is great. Always friendly and curteous. The staff is all so friendly. I now live further away but I won't switch to a closer doctor. I like it here too much :)
5	Dr Park was great! Friendly and caring staff also.   Clinic looks great after renovation.
5	Love this clinic since I came here.great and helpful doctors and all the staffs are caring and respectful.my mom been here for long time she was treated very well but due to lack of transportation I have to change the clinic.i will be in this clinic till I'm m here.i recommend for everyone .
3	There are several clinics from all over the places. But I think this is one of the best I've seen. You can feel the warm heart of every employee working in here, so that the patient will get more comfortable. Good job!
5	Arizona Medical Clinic is one of the best clinics I have ever been. Everyone, from Doctors to PAs, to Nurses, and even the lab person too, are all friendly, cooperative, patient, and compassionate. The staff members provide every patient their undivided attention and do whatever they can to make sure their patients leave the building with a happy smile. Their kindness can be seen just by their motion of going to each patient's room to provide water while the patient is waiting. This action took me by surprise, for this is the first clinic that cares so much about the little things. And these little things positively transformed my day and experience.Dr. Le is truly a caring physician who does not only analyze the patient and treat their illness, but also educate them on the causes and ways to prevent the illness from happening again. He effectively uses simple analogies, like cars and streets, to explain complex concepts to patients that may not have a science background so they can better comprehend about their health and diet. In addition, his generosity to allow pre-med students, like myself, to shadow him had not only impacted my life, but also became a supporting fuel for me to strive harder in college. Dr. Le is a very compassionate man, and I recommend him and his clinic for people who are in need of an attentive and warmhearted physician (not that he is the only one, Dr. Som and Dr. Park are amazingly great too!). Dr. Le is very chill and he will make you feel comfortable on Day 1!
5	Oops thought this was medical clinics of az. This one is fine. Medical clinics of az stink!
5	As someone with close ties to the medical field (mom is a nurse, dad is a doctor), I can honestly say that this is one of the best primary care clinics in the Phoenix area. They are well prepared to cater to a variety of medical conditions and always put the patient first. The staff is extremely friendly and the providers are very responsive and knowledgeable. The hours are also very accommodating and I felt very comfortable in this environment. I have recommended this clinic to my family and friends and will definitely be returning the future.
