5	I've been a patient of Dr. Carr's for almost 5 years now.  Finding a great dentist can be quite an achievement.  Finding the best in the business can be a miracle.  Thankfully I have done both.     When I became a patient, I had very sore gums.  I was actually in the beginning stages of what could have become Periodontal Disease.   Without hesitation, Dr. Carr and his staff began treatment on my gums.  It only took 2 visits and minimal discomfort to get my gums back in shape.  I was amazed.  I've had other dentists before who had the bedside manor of a rabid badger.  It's actually nice to visit the dentist when it's Dr. Carr's office.  You will LOVE Beverly, the office manager.  Sometimes I go just to see her.     Enough rambling.  The point is, I'm 31 years old without ever having a cavity.  I credit this to Dr. Carr and his staff.
5	Expert ability, matched by a quick and efficient staff.   I like to get in and get out with with perfect care -- I found it.
5	Thank you for being such a wonderful dentist. You are truly a class act. I remember before I met you I was a mess. My teeth were in very bad shape. No girls would talk to me at all. Now, years later after all of the work you did, I am a new person. I owe you my whole life. I can never begin to repay you. Girls love me now. You are more than a dentist, more than a doctor, you are a true humanitarian. The work you do TRULY is changing the world. Love. John
5	Dr. Carr is committed to his patients. He explains EVERYTHING he does as he goes about his business quickly and efficiently. His staff is top-notch. They get you in and get you with a smile. It's a good place.
5	Today was my first time at Dr. Carr's office, and I plan on going back.  Aside from getting lost on my way to the office - everything was great!  I came in for a cleaning and routine check up because I am a bit obsessive when it comes to my teeth.  Now my mouth feels great, the hygienist (I believe her name is Renee) was gentle, and made sure everything was up to my standards.Unfortunately, there are a few things that I will have to get fixed in the next few months, but even that will be an easy process - as they give pricing all up front!  I was told what my insurance would cover, and what I would have to pay out of pocket, which was very nice.I will be recommending that my friends go here if they are in need of a dentist!
5	I went to Dr. Carr yesterday and even though the procedure (wisdom teeth removal)  was not the most pleasant experience, Dr. Carr was outstanding. He made me feel completely at ease, and was able to keep me laughing and kept my mind off the actual procedure. He is extremely personable and friendly. Would not think about going anywhere else now!
5	I really like Dr. Carr - he is outstanding.  You can't get a more attentive-to-detail, perfectionist dentist in the valley.  Add to that that the facility is nice and his staff is also outstanding: friendly, prompt, warm, skilled.  Also, Beverly at the front desk is a pillar there and I'm certain the place wouldn't be the same without her.  Back to Dr. Carr - I have been seeing him for several years now and I've always been happy with his work  - he fixed a chip in my front tooth that I thought was going to be a nightmare (it looks flawless!); he's done my root canal (seriously was not as bad an experience as I read it would be); he's done 2 crowns that look great; and I've done several teeth whitening with him as well as routine cleaning there.  The thing that stands out about Dr. Carr is that he is very methodical and is very much a perfectionist and you can see he trains his staff to be the same way when they are performing a service or just handling office business.  I am pretty sure if I had any other major dental work (yay! I just finished my Invisalign yesterday!), I'd be seeing him as my first choice.  I recommend him highly.
5	George and his staff are the best around. I have had nightmares with other dental offices in the valley. They remind you when you appointment is. Greet you with a smile when you walk in and are always professional. Thanks again and l look forward to many visits to come.
5	THANK YOU Dr. Carr, Beverly, Nancy, Renee and the rest of the team! I logged in for the first time to my yelp account just to tell you how amazing you are. From start to finish, the experience was great!  This place has the best staff, state of the art technology, and service.  Every staff member there knows exaclty how to make you feel welcome and comfortable.  It's hard to find a place that makes you feel like your more than just another number, I am no longer afraid of the Dentist!
5	I always get VIP treatment from Dr. Carr, Beverly, and staff.  I love the fact that they value my time and are always prompt for my appointment. Dr. Carr and all the staff has been outstanding when treating my Mom too.  She has some special needs and they all do an excellent job of lessening her anxiety and making her comfortable as they do the necessary treatments.  Don't hesitate to contact their office and let them take good care of you too.
3	This is based on overall experience.  They are thorough.  They take every picture imaginable.  However, Renee the Hygienist is not gentle.  One of the roughest cleanings I have had.  Some people like that.  Not I.  I have never had a Hygienist not want to finish the cleaning on the first visit, but request I return in a month for another.  One could reason it's because I had a bad problem. No, for she did the same thing with my spouse.  My goal in life is not to spend extra time at the dentist, it's to spend as little time as possible there.  I am very meticulous with mouth hygiene and this was unnecessary.  Dr. Carr himself was pretty good.  I felt he was honest.  Seems like a good Doctor.  Just wish he'd get more than one Hygienist.Lastly, they like you to sign some strange form at the end of the visit that highlights all the work they recommend you get done.  When read carefully, it agrees that the Dr. can perform all those services.  I refused to sign.  Apparently its policy.  To me it was fishy.
5	Great people and a fantastic experience. Not bad... for a dentist office.
5	Who in their right mind seriously likes going to the dentist? Not I. But after trying to find a dentist after our family dentist retired it was hard work. Some friends recommended that I go to Dr. George Carr, and so I did.From the phone call when making my appointment to even getting my wisdom teeth extracted, I have been impressed by the high level of professionalism that comes from that team. Everyone there is friendly, attended to my comfort level, and even provided a follow up call to see how I was doing after the service was conducted. The cleanings are very detailed and use the newest technology. I've never felt this much at ease when going to the dentist. A huge thank you to Dr. Carr and his incredible team!
5	I Just got done with a 4 hour procedure and the experience was so good I wanted to post a review before my enthusiasm wore off. From walking in the door to checking out it was nothing short of a great experience. The technician I spoke with on the phone even remembered me from the day before. The entire staff stayed late to make sure I had a front tooth to leave with....They kept me informed of my progress, made sure I was comfortable and even encouraged me through the process. Everyone in the office is going to be seeing my teeth for many, many years to come.Thank you to Dr. Carr and EVERYONE in his office!
5	without a doubt the best dentist I have ever used.  Beverley the receptionist is incredible and have never had an entire staff treat me so well.  I highly recommend Dr. Carr.
5	Dr. Carr is by far the BEST dentist I have ever been to (and I've been to a million). I've always had major insecurities about my teeth but couldn't find a dentist that would listen to my needs or make me feel comfortable with them doing any kind of work on them...George is the complete opposite! He listened to exactly what I wanted and told me what we could do right away--and suggested a completely different treatment than any other dentist I've seen that ended up being easier (took less than 20 mins) and looks better and saved my teeth!! I couldn't be happier with the results and I can't wait to go back and finish all the other things on my list. His staff is incredible as well--Beverly is the sweetest and called me the next day to make sure everything was feeling right and that I was satisfied. Nancy is amazing; when I told her I really wanted to get the certain procedure done ASAP she promised me she'd call me if they had any cancellations and she was able to get me in within a few days! Couldn't say better things about Dr. Carr and his team....thank you so much! :)
5	Went down to carr's office- it's pretty nice. It has a ton of magazines to read, and a kinect, if that's your thing. Anyway, everyone in the office was pleasant that I dealt with. Amanda was nice and nancy was able to answer questions.That being said, I can't say anything about whether or not carr is a decent dentist. I went in to see if he could extract some teeth that have been bothering me. He pointed out that my teeth were too close to the nerves to be able to extract them in his office. He actually explained why he couldn't do it in a way that didn't make him sound like he was incompetent- which was the impression I had gotten from the previous dentist I'd gone to (though that one hadn't explained why he couldn't do it). Carr also encouraged me to ask him questions. Overall, professional- and didn't get the feeling like he was trying to take all of my money.
1	Dr. Carr is a great dentist--he is very gentle and does a great job of explaining the pros/cons of procedures.  Unfortunately, his staff is a nightmare.  I have been to his office twice now, and both times my bill has been a completely incomprehensible mess.  The charges minus the payments does not equal the amount due.  I don't have dental insurance, and I asked what the cost for a cleaning would be before entering the office.  His staff preformed xrays and "advanced" cleanings I did not request without my consent.  I walked out of there with over a $300 bill for a routine teeth cleaning. Looks like it's time for me to find a new dentist.
1	Came to Carr after a freind referred me.   Had crowns done in addition to regular maintenance.  Painful work, and I had never gone through anything like that before.  Ugh. My crowns are wearing alright ftmp but one broke while I was sleeping. There were other things I experienced that just didn't rub me well when I was going there.  I don't go for all the gadgets or magazines.Dr. Carr himself had made some comment that I was over reacting or something to that effect made me feel uncomfortable.  His bedside manner isn't what I would classify as professional.  I had referred a few others to this location as well and they also quit going to this office.Personally, I haven't gone back cuz of the amount of discomfort experienced.
5	From the second I walked into the office, I was greeted with smiles. I found Dr. Carr on yelp and decided to go to him after seeing all of the pleasant experiences. The whole staff is extremely nice, and professional. It turned out that I had to get my 3 of my wisdom teeth out. I was nervous because of an experience that I previously had at another dentist. But Dr. Carr made it very painless. I definitely recommend you coming to him for any of your dental needs!
5	I absolutely love going to see Dr. Carr and his wonderful staff. Dr. Carr is a perfectionist and I always know I'm in good hands. Beverly and Nancy worked very hard to help me out with an insurance issue and they resolved it seamlessly. I've never been happier with a dentist.
5	Great place to get my cleanings done.  Staff is very friendly and has made a lot of good suggestions to me to help me improve my dental hygiene.  I really appreciated when they called ahead to let me know that there was a cancellation the day of my appointment and I could get in even earlier.  They really seem to care about maintaining good relationships with the patients
5	Dr.Carr is a favorite!!! I recommend him to everyone! He has taken excellent care of me. I have a completely irrational fear of dentist. I use to cry at every visit when I was young and no more tears since I've been here! Beverly remembers everything for me and they even call to make sure I'm ok the day after a big procedure! I just love my dentist and my beautiful white teeth!!
5	I've been coming to Dr Carr and family for the past ten years. Five of which have been visits made even though I live out of state. I couldn't imagine going to another dentist. Great atmosphere, extremely talented staff, and the highest level of professionalism.
5	Upon entering Dr. Carr's office, I was greeted by an incredibly friendly staff. Clearly this dentist has assembled an excellent group of professionals who's positive and upbeat energy truly made them stand out from all the others I've ever had. Going to the dentist has always been a bit hard for me, but with this group - my stress levels immediately dropped due to the humor this staff has...fun, hip, modern and funny. I was impressed. I had a pain under a tooth, I couldn't really explain it well and was worried they wouldn't know what or where...Dr.Carr could sense this and had me stand in this wild 3D X-ray scanner machine that was super tech and super cool - he pulled it up on screen, rotated it, and zoomed in on the source of my pain (a small infection under a crown) wow. I've never seen anything like it. They then sat me down in the chair and it was show time. I opened my mouth and their upbeat and funny social demeanor took a more professional tone in the dialog between them. It made me feel good, right then and there - I knew I was in the hands of trained professionals. I heard the drill and started to tense up like I always do, but just as soon as I did, they relaxed me with a combination of smart humor and funny stories...Leah was the tech assigned to me, AWESOME. Ask for her...handling me is like defusing a bomb, she was such a pro. It was painless. Never mind the incredibly high tech, state of the art equipment (which I must say was impressive) ...it's the people. This is such a great group of people. They gave me an entirely new outlook on going to the dentist. Best dentist experience I've ever had.
1	I had a very bad experience here about a year ago. The staff at the front desk charged me the wrong amount and was very rude to me when I addressed that. The staff was very unprofessional. In addition, later the insurance company sent me the info which was different from what they charged me. I didn't want to adders this again to the staff since they do not have the capacity to do the math and I didn't want to deal with it again. So I just sucked it up. Dr. Carr recrowned my old crown, put too much anesthesia during the process and I felt like a subject when Dr. treated me. Later on, another dentist told me that they didn't need to recrown my old crown in fact. This was the worst dentist visit I ever had.
5	I have been coming to Dr. Carr for almost a decade. He was referred to me via a friend and I have been a patient ever since, despite not living in AZ for the past 5 years. I make time in my schedule to see Dr. Carr when I come back to visit family...that's how confident and comfortable I am in him and his team.  The front office is competent and honestly some of the nicest people. They always fit me in, even when I call only a few weeks ahead. Beverly and Nancy treat me like family, welcoming me with each visit, and explain charges and payment in detail. The dental hygienists are the best, gentle yet effective in getting all those dang coffee stains off my teeth. I love my java...and the skilled magic of the hygienists! Dr. Carr is highly qualified, up-to-date on equipment and procedures, and always explains everything to me. I am never forced to do work I am not comfortable with, however when something is necessary I am told why and how the procedure will be done. Dr. Carr did my front veneers and they are gorgeous. At almost 8 years in my mouth, they shine and make my smile so pretty. Thank you Dr. Carr and crew for making my smile so bright, my experience always pleasant, and the dentist even a place I look forward to visiting!
4	To say I have dental issues is a major understatement. Dr. Carr has now fixed a few teeth, and new crowns. He presents your options and while they may not be what you want to hear, at least in my case, they are the solutions. I've had a number of dentists in the past, and always seems a lack of dental insurance. This seems to be a trend unless you are full time employed somewhere. He does make sure you are comfortable in the chair, root canals are not fun, but there was no pain during any visit. He allocates time for you the patient. His office called the next day to see how I was doing as he worked on gums and other sensitive areas. I drive ways to get to his office if that means anything, I'd recommend him to others.
5	Excellent dentist. I actually enjoy going to my semi annual preventative cleanings. His staff is very professional and the hygeinists are great!
5	1st time dentist experience & loved it I was a lil nervous but the crew helped out a lot and are very patient, I totally recommend for new comers to join with them or people to switch to George Carr he was very wonderful and his lovely assistant forgot her name :( she was an angel just like Beverly I truly adore her thank you George Carr & Associates. I will be returning in the near future!!!!!!!
5	I've been going here a little over a year now and absolutely recommend Dr. Carr and his team if you are looking for a great dentist. Everyone in the office is extremely friendly. The receptionist is very helpful with scheduling future visits but she is also great at explaining any procedures or answering any questions you have. Leah, the dental hygienist, is awesome and has helped a lot with brushing habits and making sure my oral health is on point. My experiences here have all been stellar and I don't plan on switching dentists anytime soon.
5	Crew is amazing and helped a lot with my tooth coming back for round 2 pretty soon :)
4	NOTE: THIS IS A 4 STAR REVIEW BECAUSE MY 5 STAR REVIEWS SEEM TO KEEP GETTING FILTERED BY YELP! (so frustrating)George Carr and his office staff are definitely 5-star worthy, professional environment every step of the way.  Going back in soon for more extensive work and very comfortable with this work.  Thanks for everything guys, I've finally found a life-long dentist with Dr. Carr.
5	I have been going to Dr. Carr for a little over a year.  It's never fun going to the dentist, but somehow this office makes it an exciting adventure.  Everyone is so genuine and excited to see you.  Nancy and Beverly always greet you with a warm smile even if your late (sorry).  Leah is always telling a great story and having fun while she's cleans your teeth or stabs you with a needle.  Dr. Carr is very professional and gives you his homes opinion and advice.  I really enjoy coming here.  I have recommended them to friends and family too.  Thanks for being great Dr. Carr and team!!
5	Honestly the best dentist I've ever been to. Not only is the staff so friendly and accommodating but they are actually always on time. Beverly the receptionist is so nice and dr care spent a lot of time letting me know why I was having certain problems. Thanks for a great experience!
5	Dr. Carr is the best dentist in Arizona.  No comparison. His staff is so sweet.  He is fast, thorough and has the newest technology.  He really makes an effort to show and talk through all problems and procedures.  Cavities are pretty painless too.  And he's funny!  5 stars just isn't enough!
5	My teeth have never been more squeaky clean or white in my entire life! I drink a lot of wine and tea and NEVER thought I would have a bright movie star smile but thanks to Dr. Carr and his team I can't stop smiling. I smile so much my cheeks hurt!! I recommend everyone go and see him for teeth whitening and all other toothy matters.
5	Amazing! Great staff- from the 1st  phone call to undergoing a filling- my experience at Dr. Carr's office was nothing less than outstanding.  I have gone to plenty of dentist in my life and hardly ever return to the same one b/c they are never worth it.  Dr. Carr and his staff blew me away with how great their customer service was, the amount of care and concern they had for me, and how well they kept me informed.  I knew exactly where the areas of concern were from the pictures they took- I knew all of my insurance benefits (costs), and I knew every step of the filling procedure that I underwent.  I will never ever ever! go to another dentist or office.  They totally won me over- Give them a shot you will not regret it- :)  (Also, they are great at booking your appointments- and getting you back in the chair right away- I have never waited more than 5 min from the time I walked in the door. After my cleaning, I only waited a few days to get my filling- on the day of my filling they called to see if I wanted to come in early because they WERE AHEAD OF SCHEDULE! heck yeah! when does that ever happen?!) Thank you to the entire Carr team! yall are wonderful! and I loveeee the chap-stick :)
5	I've been going to Dr. Carr's office since moving to AZ a few years ago.  I've never had such a fantastic group of people taking care of my teeth.  I've had several cavities filled and just recently had a crown put on in place of an oversized filling.  I usually get really anxious about dental procedures but I'm always put at ease when I'm in their office.  I haven't had any issues with the work that's been performed and look forward to any and all future procedures being done at Dr. Carr's office.  They explain everything that needs to be done along with the costs associated with each procedure and any questions I may have are always answered.  I couldn't ask for a better dentist!
5	Going to try and not get filtered by Yelp so I'm updating this to a 5 star.  Went back for a whitening and the service and results were exactly what I expected, flawless.
5	A week ago I went into Dr. Carr's office with a massive toothache. Dr. Carr took a look at the X-ray and examined my tooth, which he said would need a root canal. Now, I am deathly afraid of Dentists and hearing the words root canal caused a huge amount of anxiety for me. I bit the bullet and scheduled a date to get the root canal taken care of. Every single staff member that I came in contact with was incredibly nice and very knowledgeable. The day of my root canal (today) was a very pleasant experience as well. I felt no pain and Dr. Carr made sure that if I did feel pain to let him know. Dr. Carr and his staff are incredible and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a great Dentist!
5	I've been going to Dr. Carr's dentistry for over ten years. A true testament to the treatment received over the years can be best testified with not even living in AZ for the past 5. (I actually live in CO.) From the friendly staff (I love Beverly), professional care, and alert notifications for upcoming appointments, I will be a patient for life. I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Carr and team to anyone that needs a great dentist!!!
