5	Sometimes, curiosity gets the better of us, and we just have to break that final barrier by taking a proper, sit-down meal in a restaurant, entirely alone. Despite having a newspaper on hand, I still felt obliged to explain my singularity to the guy working here via a half-hearted "I'm just on my lunch break." I got a sympathetic nod in return.It was worth breaking the social boundaries however, and was the best lunch I've had in a while. There's only a very limited menu of 3 mixed meza plates on at lunch, and I went for the only meat-laden option. Grilled garlic sausages, chicken, i basket of flatbreads and a fantastic yoghurt sauce were all good, but the rubbery, meaty cheese was the star of the show. Utterly fantastic, especially when dipped in the sauce.Great service too. I'll be back soon, hopefully with E-Bot in tow.
4	I've had my eye on Empires for some time. A little narrow door, sometimes perennially feeling like the place is never open. But open it was on a dark and cold Sunday night and what a warm, welcoming space it is for a Scottish winter. It's a cafe serving Turkish mezze - your standards - hummus, baba ghanoush, falafel, moussaka (Veggie and not so much) as well as more interesting choices such as crushed hazelnuts in a tomato sauce (delicious, thank you for asking). Served with warm plates of pitta studded with caraway seeds, mezze it might be but we came out stuffed. We also did take advantage of the size of our table and ordered the entire menu to try the lot. Overall, I didn't find any particular bum notes - although I was disappointed with the baba ghanoush personally, but everyone had their own opinion on what was best. I loved the char grilled aubergine, the boy thought the air dried Turkish sausage was delicious. The parents tucked into crushed walnuts and meatballs with gusto. If I went through everything we ate, it literally would be everything. We washed it down with pomegranate juice and mint tea. Water is served to the table in beautiful metal jugs (the decor of this place is just fab). Your meal is accompanied by an eclectic collection of music including local artists who also perform there live from time to time. I absolutely fell in love with this place. The boy (also known as the silent reviewer) argued that the price we paid was a little steep... I would argue for five mezze per person (16 quid), it was more than enough for one person.. three mezze may be just right. But for a throw caution to the wind and try everything meal, it was fab. Oh and before I forget - it's BYOB with a corkage fee and cash only payments - be warned!
5	I love this place! When grey Edinburgh gets wet and very grey this is a place that brings you  to land of thousand nights and the Ottoman' palace by Istanbul's seaside. The place is small but so cosy one wish to never leave and continue the journey along the streets lit by the moon light and sounds of a multicultural mecca. Ceiling is covered with colourful lamps from the gran basar, oriental carpets and pillows. On week ends musicians plays and the atmosphere is rising to the corners of the neighbour hood on St Mary's Street.The food is delicious and healthy! Simply!Great place for parties as well as 1 to 1 dinner.
4	This wee place is really great! Particularly for people like myself who get ridiculous food envy/can't decide what to have for breakfast in the morning, so the mezze 'element' (meh) of the menu is ideal - pick a bit of this, dip a bit of that, done, you feel like you've had a bit of everything.It was BYOB last time I checked, so remember your bottles if you want to have a bit of the hard stuff with your mezze. Also, it is wee as highlighted at the start, so book ahead if there's a bunch of you. There's a cool, almost loft-like space at the top of the restaurant for chilled dining, and there are often bands playing too.
3	First things first. Before you take a seat you must realise that this place is cash only. The nearest cash machines are RBS on North Bridge or the Tesco on Holyrood Road. Both a good 5 min walk away.So after a detour to get cash (am I the only one that is over reliant on the plastic in my wallet?) we returned to a cozy table in the corner. Except the staff kept opening the front door to get rid of the incense smoke & each time I was hit with an icy artic blast...It's byob which is cool. Neither I nor the new Mrs G were drinking. She had the mint tea & I tried the pomegranate juice. Both were fine. Water was presented in a lovely silver jug. Food wise we each opted for a 3 dish meze. I had the chicken, the meatballs & the olives. Mrs G had the halloumi, stuffed peppers & something else I can't quite remember. What we had was nice & tasty. We weren't told that they were out of pitta so it was a bit of a surprise when our plates arrived with some brown bread. Not what I was expecting & no comment/acknowledgement from the waitress either.Unfortunately the bread had seeds in it which Mrs G can't eat (allergies) so I asked if we could have an alternative. The waitress was polite but adamant they had no pitta & even when I asked if they had anything else. Eventually I spoke to another member of staff & eventually we were offered some rice. Fair enough. Too much palaver though. It should've been much easier to sort out.That's why it only gets 3 stars.
3	First off, as others have mentioned: cash only! It's a bit of a walk to the nearest cash machine, so fill your wallet before sitting down to order.We were caught in a typically grey and rainy evening in the middle of Festival season, searching for somewhere that was both open and not fully booked. From the outside, Empires looks every bit as hipster as it truly is. Slightly run down and tacky, but emanating a warmth and friendliness.We were seated upstairs in the somewhat claustrophobic loft with low ceilings and not much air to breath, but it was comfy and casual. The service was quick, attentive, and friendly - one of those restaurants with a student kitchen kind of vibe to it.The food is good if not great. We went for the vegan platter and the hot platter, which was more than enough food for two people. This need to order one platter each means that the price climbs pretty quickly, and I'd say it's somewhat more expensive than it's worth. The variety is nice though, with several types of Mediterranean meats, cheese, salads, dips, and so on. I do wish the pita bread was more fresh though!If you're looking for something that's not a pub, or somewhere where you can just sit back and relax, then you could do worse than Empires. Four stars for the service, 2.5 for the food.
5	I went with a few friends on a Saturday night, and there was live Turkish music! Already, this was going to be good. The beautiful stained glass lights that hang everywhere capture your fancy, and it really portals you to a different place. There was a deal, for $10 you get to choose 5 options, so we got two of these deals, and shared 10 options between 4 people. This was the perfect amount of food. The very sweet and calm waiter gave us some recommendations, and with a mix of spicy, non-spicy, vegetarian and meat, we got to taste so many new things. There was some grape leaf wrapped vegetarian item, and it was such a different flavor, really unlike anything I had before, and I loved it! The spicy food WAS spicy, and there was a chicken item with a creamy kind of sauce, that I gorged on. So, so good. It's BYOB, so we had two bottles. And they let us stay there for about 3 hours, I think. There was no rush, no worry, just a long meal, and long conversations, filled in by amazing Turkish music.
