3	So giving this place a three-star is a rather large fete for me. I have made it one of my life's missions to steer clear of Wendy's. I mean, they have SQUARE burgers. And before you give me the whole, "You realize that you can shape round patties into other shapes" speech, I know, and understand that. I also don't want to eat a heart patty, or a star patty for that matter. I like my burger's round. Just like God intended. :PHubby and I were driving around in north LV shopping and we were starving. As I was checking my Yelp app and he was driving we kept passing a bunch of ma and pa places that had horrific reviews. I haven't eaten Wendy's in forever because I don't like the square patties. Back in the day I'd eat chili or a baked potato. I decided that if I was going to attempt a square burger, it may as well be in good ol' Las Vegas with my hubby. Libby R. and Sandra Z. swear by how awesome Wendy's burgers are that I feel that there must be something that has changed. I ordered their 1/4 lb. cheeseburger combo with a baked potato. The meat was... eh. It actually tasted the same as McDonald's. The fixings were great and the bun was nice and soft. What would make me go back is their baked potato. It was very tasty and a nice change from the regular old fries.Since this visit I had the chance to eat Wendy's again but declined. Maybe Wendy's just isn't for me.
3	JUST venting on the lifelong favor of the FROSTY... why are the frostys so inconsistent. LOVE the heavy cold textured frosty... can be anywhere from runny and creamy and still cold to the ultra thick spoon worthy ones..... fast food is fast food and I wont yelp on it much if at all since we allll know what to expect but like I said just venting
3	This Wendy's is an okay location.  It isn't the best or the worst, just average.  Let me tell you why, if you really want to know...1.  The food here is usually good.  The burgers are always great.  I heart the Baconator.  I mean it is burger, bacon, and cheese without anything to distract from meat and cheese heaven.  YUM.  I know it is probably the worst thing on the menu but I LOVE it anyways.  When the craving hits, off to Wendy's I go.  The other sandwiches are always good too.  And the chicken nuggets are always great snacks.Where this Wendy's gets a lower rating is due to the fries and the Frostys (or is it Frosties????).  Both are always a crapshoot.  Sometimes the fries are fresh, hot and amazing and some times they taste so blah.  The Frostys are usually good, but every now and then they taste like they forgot to add sugar or something.  If these 2 items could be more consistent, my score would go up for sure.2.  The staff.  Sometimes you get the best people helping you, which is always so very nice.  And then there are the other ones.  One lady who works here, usually the drive thru is simply UGH.  She barks at you to order, doesn't give you a minute to look if you ask for one, and practically throws your food at you when you get up to the window.  You are almost afraid to ask for some ketchup from her.  Overall, I think 75% of the staff is really friendly, but if you go on the wrong day and get the other 25%, then I am sorry for you.So most of the time, this location is good.  My advice to you is to always check your fries and Frostys before you leave to make sure you got good ones!
1	This location does not pay attention to what their customers order.  I ordered a salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken the first time I was there, not too bad.  The second (and last time) I was there I ordered the Asian cashew chicken salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken and the BBQ ranch dressing.  The description says that it comes topped with fire-roasted edamame, spicy roasted cashews, warm, grilled chicken and Marzetti Simply Dressed Light Spicy Asian Chili Vinaigrette (containing roasted peanuts) for a salad that's anything but bland. Not even close to what I was handed.  I'm done with this Wendy's.  I would give NO stars, if possible.
1	Yuck.  Three times burned.  I should have learned after the first two.The first time I went through this drive thru I was served by a rather crass older lady who greeted me through the speaker with an ever so eloquent "take yo order".  I brushed it off thinking it was no big deal.  Until I pull up to the window, and see an older Caucasian gal with dirty hair, that looked as if she hadn't had a shower in a few days.  Greasy haired and snaggly teeth.  Exactly what you want to see before satisfying the craving for Jr Bacons.  The only words out of her mouth, now I can't make this stuff up, is "Eight Fiddy".  I hand her a 20, and when she hands me back my change I see the worst hands I have ever seen in my entire life.  Just down right nasty.Second time was much the same including the greeting, and "Eight Fiddy" at the window, only this time her hands are even worse.  It almost looked as though some kind of flesh eating virus has taken over and was waging a war that it was obviously winning.  I learned my lesson from last time and had exact change ready as to avoid any contamination coming from her hands into my pockets.  But I can't help and notice a dirty bandage on one of her fingers in a feeble attempt to conceal the horror that was unfolding upon her hands.  This is complimenting her stench and even more gross hair.  EWWW Lucky for me the cook handed me the food thru the window.So third time...I couldn't even eat it.  I did a drive by the window to make sure she wasn't working it.  Success a nice larger gentleman was working the window.  I pull around after ordering my food, and much to my delight he was very nice, and prompt.  Only when he hands me back my change his hands were all jacked up too.  And to top it all off, he had what appeared to be open wounds on his second knuckle on two fingers.  I apprehensively take the change.  Not wanting to contaminate the vehicle again.  I put the change in on the center counsel not wanting to even think about it.  The food comes out, and WAM another gross shot confirming the hideousness of this poor man's hands.I take the food, pull out on the street, and throw it out the window at about 55 miles an hour going down Cheyenne.  That 11.50 is glaring at me on the center counsel.  I know it has aids.  No way was I going to put that back in my pocket, and contaminate the rest of my items stowed safely away in there.  I'm cheap, I mean like cheap cheap.  Hence the 1.99 Jr Bacons...  I speed up, grab the money with a napkin from the center counsel, and out the window it goes.
