1	Veggies taste sour, their rice is disgusting, and they can't even properly cook a steak.The service was alright, but the food is just...disappointing.
4	On December 27th my Finance & I hosted an engagement party dinner for 30 people here. To our pleasant surprise upon arrival, we had our own room. The seating was great, having two long tables side-by-side. The service was great, the guests were very happy. The appetizers came out really quick - service was definitely not slow. I was impressed by their efficiency. I asked most of the guests how their meal was and I only heard positive things. This restaurant is BYOB/W, so you have to bring your own booze if you want to drink.  Personally, I wasn't so crazy for my culinary experience but at the same time I think I didn't order the right things... The shrimp cocktail appetizer is no good. The sauce it comes with is too mild and sucks. The shrimps are too big for me and they kind of grossed me out. They were also super cold and that also grossed me out too. I sent it back and they were kind to give me the shrimp gratine instead. This was good, I enjoyed that. Then the Greek Salad w/ Feta cheese arrived. They should indicate on the menu that this "salad" DOES NOT COME WITH LETTUCE. It is chopped marinated vegetables with herbs and feta cheese. Had they included lettuce with this meal, I would have been extremely satisfied. Casa-Grecque in Lasalle is excellent for large groups and the price is pretty affordable. Bathroom was clean and the whole restaurant was decorated very nicely with garland and white mini-lights. Red bulb ornaments were hanging from the ceiling, it was really lovely.
4	I love the butterfly shrimps! I'm a seafood lover, salmon salad is the best. The service is good, attentive waiter. Yummy food. Price is kinda hmm range 20-40$ per person(main plate + appetizer/salad:)
3	Not bad! Numerous things improved significantly, they replaced the veggies with fresh Greek salad, refreshing and tasty.Souvlaki is great, and the shrimps and scampi are well seasoned and freshly prepared. Hopefully they can expand their appetizer menu soon.
