5	This place is the pinnacle of what makes a great pub - instead of using their recent refurbishment to make it young & trendy, they kept the traditional style and just cleaned it up a bit. Friendly landlord and locals, an impressive range of guest ales, and a decent beer garden to soak up the rays on a sunny day (admittedly something as rare as a beer garden itself in Scotland).
3	I think I my hopes for Bennet's were a bit high.  It has a big Black Isle Brewery banner outside, which seduced me immediately.  It also has a well positioned beer garden which just added to the seduction.  So, on one particularly sunny day, The Man and I decided to check it out on our way home.  It does serve Black Isle and does have a nice beer garden, but the inside is really quite dark and I can't remember it being anything special.  And then you get to the clientele...  Not exactly the bar's fault, but man, not really the clientele you would expect in Morningside.  I'm not saying that I expect posh old folk or bust, but the crowd of junkies who were loud and falling all over themselves kind of killed the mood.  The drinkers actually mixed from the group of junkies, sullen people who didn't fancy letting me past to get to the toilets, and lovely people outside with their dogs.  It was was such a strange experience...So, while I'm happy to have Black Isle nearby and happy to make use of the beer garden, I probably wouldn't visit here on anything other than a sunny day.
4	Cracking wee place. Came here for drinks with a running club and despite getting the feeling that we were slightly underdressed we were given a fairly warm welcome by the staff. Beer and crisps were on the menu and they didn't disappoint. Solid pale ales were in abundance. It's got a great atmosphere going on and I really enjoyed spending a bit of time hanging out here.  Looking forward to heading back some time soon and having a longer night out.
1	my friends and i pop into this pub when we have a night out in morningside. but for some reason the elderly lady behind the bar refused to serve us  giving us no reason why. one of the as i can only describe as an inmate (customer ) decided to pass a comment which i did not hear properly but it was obvious the moron was out to start trouble. i and my friends will not be popping into the pub again and i would recommend to walk right passed it and go into the hermitage instead. staff much friendlier.
