1	Ive taken a few of my coats and  jackets there & have never had a problem.But this past christmas i took my very nice & expensive Hollister coat to be cleaned.It was olive green with brown/black faux fur on a detachable hood. Even though the fur is faux on Hollister's coats it should not be washed at home, the fur will become matted with a wierd texture.When i went back to pick up my coat, i knew instantly that it had been washed. The girl at the front desk apologized and took it back to see if it could be fixed.When i called to inquire about my coat later that week, the MANAGER tried to lie to me & say that they hadn't washed it. I told her off, and received my refund the week after that after filing a complaint with them to replace it.Long story short; they ruined my favorite coat, & then tried to lie about it.
5	The staff is always upbeat and friendly and the service is always quick!! :)
1	Update your hours.  Just drove all the way to the west side to have a set of sheets cleaned only to find out you're incapable of correctly posting your hours of operation.  You lack conviction, sellouts.
4	I have been taking my clothes here since 2007. They have drive thru service and a very friendly staff. They also have same day service if you drop your clothes off before 9 am. I have not had any issues with cleaning or customer service. They even replaced a button on one of my suit jackets without me even asking - no charge.
5	This company has it together. It's very difficult to find a cleaner who knows how to do dress shirts properly in Vegas. Most people don't wear dress clothes because of the heat . This company can do it correctly but here's the best part. The inevitable happened - they ruined one of my shirts but unlike every other cleaner I've used in every city my entire life, they didn't argue. I received a check for my shirt and 20% off my next cleaning bill. That's a well run business . Go there - skip the rest!
2	I give it a 2 stars because I think the tackiest thing is when they don't crease the pants right. My suit has a sown in crease so it shows that much more when the press on the crease is not done correctly.
1	They don't honor yelp check ins. They want the coupon printed out.. Yep turned around and walked out. Won't be back
