5	Awesome new BMW shop. Full service with competitive rates. They give a first time customer discount and fixed a few small things for me free of charge. They can work on older and newer BMW's and helped me layout a service plan of things I need to get done
5	I called up and got to talk to Grant over the phone about an oil leak coming from my VANOS hose on my e39. Just by talking to him I could tell he knew what he was talking about. Although he wasn't personally working on my car I would think his knowledge reflects those of whom he works with. I called and got scheduled in: 2 days later dropped it off, and picked it up later that day! 10% off to first time customers, who else does that? I plan on making MM my go-to BMW mechanics after a pleasant experience.Also 75$ for an OEM oil change!
5	Munich motors is the best. Replaced my tires and charged me half of what the dealership quoted me for the exact same tires. An honest, reliable company. Thank you Munich Motors.
5	I have driven German luxury cars for quite some time now. I have utilized the services of Munich Motors for every oil change, every time. In addition to superior service with regard to servicing my car, Grant "And the Guys" have assisted me on multiple occasions, answering my questions and been very helpful. Also, I recently purchased a vehicle from them. A BMW 535i twin turbo. It is awesome! Well maintained and inspected professionally. Overall I would say that my experience with Munich Motors has been stellar. I would absolutely recommend them to anyone looking for quality service on a German luxury vehicle, or interested in purchasing a new car! Great job guys!
5	One things I failed to expand on was the experience I had with Donald & Scot in the sales dept. They did a fantastic job of making my buying experience fun, honest and really simple. They worked with me and together we put the dream in the driveway! Thanks again guys!
5	I just found my new BMW shop. These guys were very personable and knowledgable. I dropped off my car and picked it up an hour later and they treated me like I've been a customer for years, even greeted me by name. I got a full OEM oil change in the $80 range and to my surprise they gave me a 10% discount for being a first time customer. I also had some questions about some noises coming from the engine bay, they looked it over free of charge and I left with several quotes and options. I left feeling confident that they are trustworthy and knowledgable. Over all it was a pleasant experience and I'd recommend them if you looking for a BMW shop (Mercedes too I think). They've gained my business, I'll be going back!
5	Grant is honest and the shop is decently priced compared to BMW dealers. After Chapman quoted me ridiculous prices; I found Munich and literally got quoted 65% $ less for maintenance needed. Unlike Chapman, I was told my 335i's brakes still had life in them. Actually, 12000 miles to be exact; just like my control panel displayed. These guys are honest and informative. Needless to say, I've found my autoshop for good.
