4	love the schmears. love the new breakfast bagel sandwiches. i have been eating these every monday for 5 years now. i've had everything on the menu. i love a toasted onion bagel with vegetable schmear & a black coffee to go. good quality bagels.eggs are just ok. coffee is strong & good. best deal is the box deal-take em for tomorrow too. 12 bagels & 2 schmears. definitely a decent takeout breakfast spot-cool relaxed atmosphere to read & drink coffee or do your homework if you choose to stay. outdoor seating too. service is always excellent usually manager on hand
2	I just tried their sandwiches for the 1st time.A turkey on marbled rye california style with avocado,sprouts,pickles and more.The bread was not toasted and was crumbly, the turkey was kinda lame like carl budding's in the pkg for $.40 at the grocery.for $9 it was not very impressive.I will stick to the bagels & schmear and the breakfast sandwiches.
4	I tried their $2.99 blueberry bagel bites that come in a clear plastic cup.  They're easy to eat but don't tell anyone that I gobbled 'em down while driving.  Next, I had the $3.79 caramel frappucino that comes in only 1 size, kind of a medium 14 oz-ish appearing that tastes like a caramel coffee milkshake, I think definitely better than Starbucks.  I like my (0.99 ea or $12.99 baker's dozen w 2 cream cheeses) bagels plain: the cinnamon, blueberry, & Asiago cheese ones all pass muster.  You can taste without the topping how fresh they are.
3	No lines. Quick friendly service. Two bagel sandwich and a coffee $ 11.70Like McDonalds or Starbucks, you know what you're getting when you walk in.
3	The famous Einsteins with the yummy soft bagels! However, I don't like the fact that they charge $1.50 for Cream Cheese....seriously?
4	Nice friendly service here! Been to a few Einsteins, not always greeted with warm enthusiastic employees, but this store everyone was nice. They will toast and slather your bagel of choice for around $2 if you pick the plain stuff, but if you want the seasonal, pumpkin, it's a little bit more. I have tried the lunch salads, they aren't always the freshest, but when they are their great. I haven't tried a bagel sandwich, spied a bacon, avocado one that looked yummy, will put that down on my list to try next trip.
5	I, along with my colleagues, will typically have our Monday morning meetings at this Einstein location.  The place is not usually too pcaked, but they do a steady stream of business.  I almost always get the Asiago bagel with turkey and cheese to go with my medium mocha.I have never had to wait more than a few minutes for my entire order to be made and delivered to my table.  Once a mistake was made on an order and when the waitress discovered the error, she promptly delivered my ordr, along with the purchase amount!  How's that for customer service (I'm not a dick so I let her keep it as a tip)!Long story short, the folks are nice and honest, the food is pleasant and delivered promptly and I don't have a complaint.
1	My wife and I were shopping in the same center as einstein bros bagels, we were both hungry and decided to stop in. The line was long which is always a good sign in our book but when we reached the order taker we were treated as if we were a nuisance for asking her questions about the menu. She looked throughly unhappy, never looked us in the eye; instead she seemed to pay attention to everything else in the restaurant but us and continuously picked up and slammed a box of latex gloves on the counter next to her register. We ordered, paid and sat down. 13 minutes later a young employee walked up and informed us they are out of our choice of bagel. This seems like something they could have figured out before we wasted our time sitting there. The manager returned our money and we left. The level of unprofessional service we received will keep us from ever going back to this place.
3	I've reviewed the Einsteins on Lake Mead so there's not a whole lot more to say about the food because, hey, the menus are identical. I will comment on the fact that this location is always WAY less crowded than their Summerlin locations. We eat at the Lake Mead location weekly and stopped by here last weekend and the place was DEAD. On a Saturday morning! They're only getting 3 stars because they were out of my shmear! How dare they? On a Saturday morning? You've got to be kidding!But, I have to give Einstein's credit for their incredible low cal menu. They make killer egg white/bagel sandwiches for under 400 calories! I pretty regularly get the bacon and cheese or turkey sausage and salsa and they're pretty filling, delicious, and healthy. The sandwich is actually egg whites (or BLT, turkey, tuna, chicken)  on a "bagel thin" which come in plain, wheat, everything and oatmeal.
2	I've been on a sesame bagel kick these days. I went into this location yesterday, very busy morning crowd. Waited to order, waited to pay, but expected that seeing how busy it was. There was one woman who needed help out with her order which took up five big paper bags. So even though my order was as simple as could be, which was one sesame bagel sliced, not even toasted, to go, I forgave the long wait and decided to try them again. Because their bagels are awesome.I went there this morning. Yes, I wanted another one! Decided to see if the service was any better. It was later in the day, so when I walked in, there was only one customer at register to order, only one waiting for their food. I ordered two bagels this time (preparing for tomorrow's craving), only sliced to go. I was excited that a batch of them just came out of the oven, fresh and warm! There was four employees behind the counter, yet it just seem like they were moving, yet not being efficient. One of them acknowledged me, said they'd be right with me, then I waited about 5 minutes. Hmmmm. I paid, and my bagels were handed to me almost immediately.As I was opening my bag of bagels when i returned home, I was thinking that experience was much better. However, as I looked down at my bagels, which did smell toasty and fresh, I saw that they must have manually sliced them, instead of using that automatic bagel-slicer thing-a-ma-jiggy that cuts it almost perfectly. Not sure if it was because it was fresh, but my bagels were flat as the wall. It could've been the bagel thins they were selling. Not cool...I'm only giving it 2 stars because they taste so good. As flat as they had become. Not sure if it's just this location, but I'll definitely be trying a different one. If that...
5	Bacon and cheddar cheese breakfast sandwich yum!! Staff is friendly and got my order in a timely manner
3	Came in around 11:30 and unfortunately they were out of my main choices for bagels including everything, dutch apple and six cheese. but the general manager seemed to be working really hard. He made my food which consisted of a pepperoni pizza bagel on asiago and a spinach bacon breakfast panini. He was quick to bring out my order all the way to my table! This place is close to my home so I'll probably be back again.
2	My opinion of this chain keep dropping-seems like every time I visit one the wait is just really long,whether it be the wait to place your order (this is usually the case) or the wait to get your food.This location of some reason, smells like farts and really bad. Inside and out. I had to leave to regain my appetite. My daughter kept making fart jokes because of it, which was amusing.Seems like the prices keep going up too,at all of these.I guess the two redeeming qualities was the service and the quality are still good.
5	The Einstein Bros bagel shop is always a winner for me. I want my pumpernickel bagel and they always have it! Add some of the Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice, and I am happy. As I come early (last time I was the first customer of the morning) I never meet a line and the staff is happy to see that someone showed up! So I seek this location out, off the strip, easy to get to, big parking, and of course the best, the number one Pumpernickel bagels!
5	I had a great experience. Short line, great food, and awesome coffee.
3	On my way to Springs Preserve, I was about to stop off at Starbuck's for my caffeine fix. When I saw the sign for Einstein Bagels, I passed over Starbuck's.  The fact that I passed over Starbuck's for Einstein Bagels is testimony that their coffee and value is better. For $2 more than Starbuck's, I brought bottomless coffee and a toasted bagel with cream cheese. Let me say that Einstein Bagel's Coffee is underrated. If I was to come up with a list of underrated places, Einstein Bagel's coffee would be on it. There were four blends of coffee, including Autumn Blend, Neighborhood blend, and decaf. I know that the  coffee is good when I pass over mixing in flavored syrup to add flavor to it. Regardless they fall short of the goodness of New York bagels, they come close. By the way, I recommend the toasted blueberry bagel.    Whereas Einstein Bagels is a great value when you order a bagel with coffee, the value factor decreases when you order higher priced items. My complaint about Einstein Bagels, which I addressed in previous reviews, is not including a side item such as potato chips or potato salad with the sandwich. I believe that their customer base would grow if they included a side item.   I have a mixed opinion as far as service. The employees were friendly at  the same time that it seemed understaffed. One employee juggling the order line and register line resulted in an extended line. Eventually the manager would help out at the order line. If I had an important place to be, it is strong possibility I would've walked over to Starbuck's.   Because the lobby is large with lots of tables and windows, it is an inviting place to relax with a coffee and bagel. The noise level is average.  I am not loyal to one bagel establishment. My mood will determine if I return to this location if I am in the vicinity of Decatur at Sahara.
5	This is my regular Sunday breakfast stop, I love bagels. I also love this place, the staff is really freindly and the bagels are great. I have been going here a few years and the staff has been pretty much the same, that says alot for a quick serve food place. My only complaint is that I sometines come too late to get a chocloate chip coffee cake, boo!
5	They got great bagel/sandwiches, bagel spread and coffee drinks here. Lately, they got this "bagel thin lunch" where there's two (one for breakfast and one for lunch) kinds of bagel sandwiches for under 350 calories. Once I saw that I was like, whether if it taste good or not...I'll take it.It was called a Bagel Thin Club. There's turkey, avocado, tomatoes and onions. To my surprise, it was DELICIOUS! Whenever I come here, this is what I will get. Also, their coffee drinks are pretty good here too. I personally love their bagel spread. It's 25% (i think) reduce fat than regular cream cheese and their Sun-dried Tomato spread was really flavorful. Salmon was good too.Open for breakfast and lunch hours only.Convenient and close to where I live....pretty good food and drinks...here's 5 stars to ya Einstein Bros!
1	They have bagels & blandwiches...someone pass the rooster sauce!  Stale, flavorless, dry overpriced  bagels.  Weak "shmears" as well...they need to double or triple the portion size of the "shmear."  What really pisses me off is whenever I leave, my clothes reek of the place for the rest of the day...I don't get it?  I actually use to like Einstein Bros years ago, now they are dead to me.
4	Stopped here on my birthday to use an EB e-club coupon.  Got a breakfast bagel and a Pumpkin Crunch bagel w/ Pumpkin Schmear, which was really delicious.  Leo, the manager, was very friendly and made me feel welcome.  Service was quick too, but there weren't too many folks in there at 0700 on a Sat morn.  Wish EB had a branch closer to Nellis AFB!
3	I received excellent service on this visit, and my service was quick. However I could tell that there were issues with the staff being unhappy and several were upset with stated management issues. There needs to be adjustment to management
4	The Einstein Bros. Bagels at the corner of Decatur and Sahara is the location my wife and I go to most often. This store is generally far less busy than other locations around town so getting a table is almost never a problem. The staff does a good job to expedite your order so the wait time is generally pretty short.  I don't want to spend time talking about the bagels because I'm sure most everyone on the planet has had them but this location will save you the wait and seating hassles of locations like Summerlin.
5	What a great group! Had a Meetup here, and someone ordered wrong, they fixed it with a smile. They were teasing, and sweet, and the good and desserts were delicious.
4	It's a regular bagel and coffee chain joint.  The only reason I'm writing is because the staff is so nice.  And free wifi and coffee refills are pretty sweet too.  When it's nice, hit out the large outdoor seating area.
2	Consistently slow service, always the bare minimum working. Try not to come in when it's busy.
2	Why is this place always so disorganized?  This time I was overcharged and the guy who delivered the sandwich to the table brought it to my attention and fixed it!They never have a full selection of bagels and run out too soon...this hurts their revenue.All the employees need training at their locations.
1	The worst service! The girl taking my order kept yelling across the room to the other side of the bar to her friend while in the middle of taking my order. I asked her if they served lattes, she said yes. When I ordered and iced caramel latte she said it was a macchiato. I told her I wanted a latte and then she argued with me about it being the same as a latte (which is not the case). I again stated they were different but that I'd take the macchiato. The bagels I ordered came up and my coffee didn't get started until 4 minutes after. The syrup was almost out so she pulled out the pump and poured the caramel into the cup, I couldn't see very well over the counter but by the time I got my "coffee" it was caramel and milk! Disgusting!!!!
2	Stopped in about 7:30 on a Friday morning and just beat the crowd. It was a good thing because the service was slow and there was nobody in front of us. My order was simple. A self serve beverage and a toasted bagel with butter. The bagel came with plenty of butter, but was not toasted. Already disappointed with the wait time, the cold bagel only made matters worse. The manager scolding another employee in front of other employees and customers only added to an already sub par experience. As always, I am not opposed to giving them another shot to see if it gets any better.
