5	I had one of my best shopping experiences in a long time last night at Ann Taylor Loft in the Green Valley District!  I went in for a specific dress because I have an important event coming up.  I was positive I was going to buy the dress but decided to try a couple items on before I paid.  I went into the dressing room and came out in the first dress. The sales associate came into the dressing room with a better dress suggestion.  She also brought accessories for me to try on along with the dress.  First of all, she paid attention to what I had grabbed and brought in the same style dress as the one I had came in to the store for.  The dress she brought was a better pattern and wasn't as causal as the dress I selected.  Second, she listened to the event I was going to and the dress code requirements.  Third, she told me the truth about the way the dress looked.  Lastly, she wasn't pressuring me to buy anything I didn't need.  I ended up buying 3 times the amount of things I had planned on and it was all because of how pleasant and helpful the sales associate was.I can't wait to go back to shop there.  I've always loved the clothes at Ann Taylor and Ann Taylor Loft.  The customer service was great!
5	I LOVE Loft, and I love THIS Loft location.  The salespeople are so helpful, but not in an over-the-top, pushy way.  They are eager to suggest things to complete an outfit, but can always seem to tell when you want to go it alone and look for yourself.  Also, I love that they will be honest when I ask how something looks.  If it doesn't look good, don't tell me it does - odds are, I'm asking you to confirm what I already know.  On multiple occasions, I have purchased something a little different than what I originally intended because of keen suggestions on the part of the salespeople.Good job, Loft staff!
5	This store is hardly ever too crowded and they can have some real good steals on clothes that are still in season. I dont even have to buy at  full price since merchandise is marked down as soon as two weeks.  The best deals are when you can get clothes that are an additional percentage off of already marked down clothes that are in the back section. Outfits lean on more sophisticated looks in trendy colors. Alot of my wardrobe is from here since I can find some nice pieces in their petite section that fit me.  I dont have to worry about taking in hems or long torso cut on the blouses, everything fits just right. Sales help is the best. If Im in the fitting room, sales staff will chase down the right size you need.  Im always acknowledged when I walk in and whenever I have a question or need help there is someone on the floor that can help out. There's hardly ever a wait or line to check out either.
5	I love the clothing and accessories here!  I can usually snag cute outfits at reasonable prices every time I come.  Very good service - helpful without being pushy.  The dressing rooms are always clean and uncluttered.  My only complaint is that there isn't an actual rack to hang your returns from the dressing room.  Maybe that's what keeps it so clear in there though.  Still, Loft keeps me coming back almost every time I'm at the District to see what's new :)
5	Wow! I found so many bargains at this store. 4 items for $35. Hard to beat that. They have a great selection and helpful salespeople. My hubby was super happy and so was I. Will definitely come back the next time we are in Vegas.
