5	Any hotel that is willing to drive it's customers to a concert and then pick them up deserves five stars.  The rooms were also nice and clean.  Viva Def Leppard!
1	On first appearance this hotel is your typical franchise hotel inside and out. From the gold rating you would assume that the customer service would be outstanding and it is. Ive stayed one night and really enjoyed the clean room and free (continental buffet) breakfast.  So why am I giving them such a low rating? Management is less to be desired. The GM is the week link and the results will be the loss of their gold status. Too bad too because the rest of the staff Rocks!
4	We stayed here prior to a concert and this was a very comfortable room and hotel. Great breakfast, better than some of the other comfort inns. Quiet, great location, nice staff. I will stay here again if the opportunity presents itself
4	Very nice stay!! Clean rooms, good breakfast, complimentary snack in the afternoon, and good bedding. Right off the 101 so, it was easy to find. We'd stay here again.
4	Probably 3-1/2 stars but since we didn't take advantage of snacks or breakfast (since others say they are very good),  I'll bump it up to a 4. The staff was friendly and efficient. The room was clean and in good shape.  The only negative was either a noisy neighbor or thin walls which was tough at 630 am when their tv/talking started.   The location was central to everything we needed and we'd stay again when visiting family that live nearby.
5	We have stayed in many Comfort Inns/Suites around the country the past ten years and this is one of the nicest!
5	Love this hotel! Very kid friendly, breakfast was great and economical. Close to many restaurants and right off the freeway for easy access. Very clean and modern. Pool was clean and good size but towels very small.
5	Stayed 2 nights.  Very clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommended!!   I will gladly stay at any Comfort Suite in the future.
1	I stayed here the evening of Nov. 19th and actually had a pretty comfortable evening. The shuttle service was a very nice amenity, but when i looked at my credit card the following Saturday i was very disappointed. I was charged a smoking fee of over $175 for a room that i NEVER smoked in. In all fairness, I am a smoker, but i have never smoked in a hotel or even my own home for that matter. I started contacting the hotel that Saturday and they told me i would have to get ahold of the GM the following Monday, and i did. I told him my concerns and he said he would look into it for me and follow up with me within 48 hours. He never did! As of today, i have left somewhere in the neighborhood of 5-7 voicemails and a hand written note, with not even so much as a call back from the GM. It's been nearly 3 weeks!!! I was very satisfied when i left and had planned on staying here again the next time I was in Glendale, but after this experience and the unprofessionlism that followed, i will look elsewhere. Moral of this review is that if you are a smoker, bring a clean set of clothes to change into because if they see that you're a smoker they will just add the smoking fee to anyone and never show proof/validity to the fact you smoked in one of the rooms.
5	Great hotel wonderful staff!! Very clean and quite! I've stayed in this hotel a bunch of times highly recommended!
4	Comfort,  convenience and affordability... that's what you'll get from this hotel. Pluses:Free shuttle to places in a reasonable radius; like the Cardinals stadium, Jobing.com arena or AK - Chin Pavilion - which was where the concert we were in town for was happening.Free hot breakfast... came in handy the morning after the concert  There are also plenty of decent places to eat fairly nearby... just in case FREE does not mean the same to you as it does to me.Friendly staff - both of the desk clerks I dealt with were extremely nice and seemed genuinely concerned about taking care of guests.The only minus I can point out is the shower curtain. It was oddly short, barely reached the top of the tub and hardly contained the shower stream. They are obviously not as concerned with keeping the housekeeping staff as happy as the guests.As long as you don't expect spa treatments or bellhops this hotel will fit your needs well if you need it for a concert or a Cardinals gane.
5	When you come to comfort suites,you are greeted with a very professional friendly staff.when you have traveled a very long trip it is nice to be greeted in A warm manner.You can also tell you are going to enjoy your stay by how clean the lobby is and how organized everything looks.I am glad I chose comfort suites it definitely fit in my budget.
