4	I went to Pure Barre for the first time about one month ago...It was a bit intimidating at first.  It isn't easy the first time, especially for a beginner like myself.  I was so sore after that first class, I mean almost couldn't walk sore.  But, I went again, and again..each time I go to a class i get a great work out, and feel great afterwards.  I think it is worth trying, and checking out!
5	Great full body workout combining weights, pilates and ballet with small isolated movements with upbeat music.  Results evident after 10 classes. Well worth the monthly dues.
5	After multiple attempts to find the gym- the workout- the running trail that was "for me", I finally think I've found my place at Pure Barre.The instructors are so pleasant and know your name after just a few classes, and that really impressed me. The classes have never felt crowded, and everyone is so nice. The workout is just insane, I have never experienced anything like it in my life. I'm finally spending time and getting results on those "problem areas" of mine. Pure Barre is well worth your monthly dues. Oh and did I mention the lululemon clothes in the lobby? O.M.G!
5	Cycling, cardio kickboxing, sculpting, athletic conditioning, hot yoga, even good old fashioned running...I have done it all. I enjoy a physical challenge, but let's be honest here. Who wants to do all this labor without enjoying the FRUITS?! Not me. I was lured into Pure Barre by the new client special. $100 for one month of unlimited classes. They offer early morning classes, morning, afternoon, and evening. There is a time for everyone. From those working the 9-5 hustle (moi), high school students, mothers, you name it. So--there is never an excuse NOT to go lift, tone, and burn. And BURN you will. The class is divided into warmup, arms, thighs, seat, and abs. Before you know it, the inevitable, and uncontrollable shaking has ceased and class is over! The results are quick and noticeable. The instructors are are all sweet and will help you out with your technique. You've got to check it out!
5	LOVE it.  Absolutely love it.   Don't get me wrong, the workouts are killer, but in a way that keeps me coming back eagerly without dreading my workout.  I'm actually using the workout to help kick start my fitness post-surgery, and it is definitely working all the muscles that I would have forgotten about.  It's a great change from the tedious cardio activities (read: running) that I could so easily have turned to, and keeps challenging new muscle groups.  The actual studios are always very clean, fun, and organized.  The owner and instructors are lovely, and add to the positive atmosphere.
5	Review for Ballantyne location:I almost hate to give them 5 stars because the classes lately are crowded enough, thank you.  However, I've noticed that some newbies will attend a handful of classes, seem awfully discouraged, then are never seen again.  This review is aimed at those gals.It is intimidating to be "the new girl" in a class where everyone seems to be effortlessly doing all the moves correctly.  Ask your toned and flexible neighbor on the mat how long she's been working out with PB and you'll find that it's been at least three months.   Based on my very unscientific survey, that's about how long it takes to reach the point where you can do all the exercises with some grace, assuming you aren't a dancer, etc. and already in top form.  Many newbies can't straighten their raised leg while doing ab work on the mat against the wall.  Guess what?  Most of us couldn't at the beginning.  Most of us also couldn't last through an entire session of "little up, little down".  It took time and practice.  The workout is tough, but you will see results.  Think you look clumsy?  We all did at first.  Some of us still do when a new move is introduced.  No one cares.  Everyone is there to work out, not to judge.  There's no competition; we are all in pain.  The Lululemon fetish is probably a little overwhelming for newcomers who have not been assimilated by that particular borg, but it isn't a snobbish vibe.  Those outfits are just cute, but a t-shirt and an old pair of leggings works just as well. The instructors are phenomenal.  They are funny, encouraging, and will definitely push you.  Several have dance and/or yoga training as well, which is a plus because they will notice and will reposition you so that you don't hurt yourself.If you decide to give it a try, force yourself to go to at least three classes a week for a month, don't do a class here and a class there.  The new client special makes that affordable.  Whatever you do, don't give up after just three classes.
5	I love this Pure Barre studio. Sure, it's expensive and yes, the work outs can get a little repetitive, but if you switch it up by attending classes with different teachers then you'll be golden. This is really an all-female studio (sorry, guys) with clientele dressed to the nines in their Lulu outfits. Maybe it's a little yuppie, but at least everyone there is serious about getting a good workout in. You wouldn't pay the fees here if you just want to socialize. You'll see results in a few weeks - my arms and back have never looked this toned. There are a variety of class times (6 am to 6:30 pm) during the week and on the weekends, so you can definitely fit PB into your schedule. My membership recently expired but I'll buck up soon and swipe that credit card - this workout is too good to pass up.
5	Just moved to the area and I love this Pure Barre! Instructors are great and the workout is fantastic. Only con- classes fill up fast so you have to sign up in advance (5+ days)... But it makes you accountable and shows that this is very popular!
2	I wanted to love it, really I did. Pure Barre is close to my house, their prices are the more reasonable of the trio of studios, and it's next to a Starbucks. Alas it was not meant to be. Definitely not my favorite in the area. I tried the one month unlimited for $100 that Pure Barre offers new students. I found the classes to be extremely repetitive. Frequently in the ab section I would ask for help because I wasn't feeling anything only to be told that "it takes a while to figure out our abs." I never had a problem getting into the classes that I wanted, but instructors and front desk reps definitely spent more time speaking to regulars than making new clients feel welcome. Also, their mats and resistance bands are really faded and in some cases cracking. With the cost of classes, those items should be in excellent condition. I rarely, if ever sweat during the classes, and I feel as though I could have gotten a much more difficult workout for the money.
5	I traveled to Charlotte for a week earlier this year on business and found this studio 2 miles from the hotel.  I love pure barre and had been taking classes at the LA (Brentwood) CA location.  I had high hopes but I also know from my travels that not all pure barre locations are great. This studio was incredible.  Spacious, lots of room near the cubbies, there is a huge boutique in front and the staff was friendly and welcoming.  The class was much larger than what I am used to but the instructor did an excellent job engaging the class and correcting form and I didn't feel crowded. To be honest, the class I received here was one of the best pure barre workouts I have EVER taken.  I have taken well over 100 classes and this one stood out as one of the top 3.  I had an amazing experience and left wishing that I didn't wait until the end of my trip to come here.  I wanted more more more.
5	An absolutely amazing workout!! Plus all of the staff members are extremely nice and welcoming. I highly recommend if looking for a way to change your body!
