5	Great service! in and out very plessant service.  wish i lived closer to this store.. the people in this store were wonderful...
4	Earlier this month I got a new phone with Sprint. When it came time for paying my bill, after setting up my online account just after receiving it, i went online to pay. Post log-in the payment page was "temporarily unavailable" - for 5 days. So I trudged in to town to go to the Sprint store to make sure that a) my payment wasn't late and b) thatI had a receipt (since Sprint's reliability for payment processing had now been put into question).The store was busy and I did have to wait, but I was greeted as I came in and was acknowledged by 2 clerks who were with other customers. When a clerk was free, he happily helped me, made note of my comment about the website (saying he'd pass the info on) and said that if the problem persisted to come in and they'd see what they could do directly from the store. Very kind service! And everyone seemed genuinely nice - a rarity at a place like that. The store is pretty and well laid-out as well, with seats available if you have to wait. So far, I'm liking my new service provider.
1	Corp store on Lien rd was not a good choice.  The manager of the store was very unhelpful and gave me the run around about trying to fix my phone. If you want good service with people who actually care, go to the store on University Ave
1	I went into get a replacement phone and received one....1.5 months later.  The first time I went to have my phone looked at I waited for more than an hour in line as employees milled about seemingly aimlessly.  When I was finally called up, they took my phone and told me to wait for another hour.  I walked around the mall for an hour and came back to find that they couldn't fix it...Fine 2 hours of my life burned but fine.  I was urged to upgrade in 10 days and I went home to think about it.  A week or two later I returned again and was told that they would put in an order for my replacement phone and that it would be shipped to me...14 days later I returned to ask where my phone was...The sales rep confirmed that the order was still just sitting on the technician's desk in the back room.  Wonderful.  At this point I call corporate and make a ruckus and the manager of the store calls me to assure me that the phone has been ordered, "I will call you when it comes in."  12 days later I call to ask where the phone is and they tell me it has been in for 10 days and assure me that they called me about it.  No.  Finally my replacement phone is received but after 30 mins fiddling with it, they tell me they can't transfer my contacts...Not from my old phone to a new variety of phone...from the same make and model to the same make and model.  I am beyond disgust.
1	Well i went into this store to check out the iphone deal its a scam to get you in the store what they dont tell you is that it really is not fifty bucks as advertised. U do not own the iphone six u lease it for an xtra twenty bucks a month or as the manager said you can buy it at full price - over 700.00 . After some crazy fees that no one can explain to u in an honest english language and taxes the package comes out to about 90.00 a month hmmmm how did the fifty as advertised become 90.00 - american scammery and fast talking salesman who know that the american public has been conditioned to accept this bull shit - ppl read !!!!! Ask questions!!!!!!! Call them on their crap!!!!!!!!!
