1	What a waste of $30.  Plus, the heavy parka, mittens, and snow boots they made me wear messed up my cute outfit!Save your money.  I was really expecting a "gee-whiz" experience, but it just reminded me of my uncle Hank's garage in Wisconsin during the dead of winter.  It was a little sad, in fact.  At least my uncle's garage has power tools.
5	I couldn't believe they had this open when I walked by! I went to one in New Zealand and it was bad ass!  This is a small chain in AU & NZ.  Vegas is a pefect place for a place like this!The whole lounge is made of pure ICE, including the beer and cocktail glasses, the seats, and even the walls!    They make you wear some arctic  clothing to keep you warm. (and keep the ice clean too I think)The hostess told me they axed the 30 minute time limit in Vegas..because it's vegas baby! In AU & NZ they have 30 minute time limits. I really thought it would be more here (although technically it is because of the exchange rates)All the staff I encountered here was very friendly. The clientele were also much nicer than most other bars I go to. It's $30 admission, but In new zealand I got a $5 off coupon, so I wouldn't be surprised if you can find coupons for here. The admission includes 1 drink, and since drinks tend to cost about $12-$15 you're really only paying about $15.  If you can find a coupon it's a screaming deal, especially in the summer where air this cold will only be found here!They don't allow photography, but they will take your picture for a fee.. now I saw people take pictures against the rules with no wrist slapping when the staff weren't looking.  When I was here on a Saturday night over new year's weekend the place wasn't too busy and there was no wait to get in..  They are open from about noon to 3am at least on the weekends.
5	This place is another MUST IN VEGAS This one of the very few ice bars in the united states Everything in this place is made of ice from the chairs to the cups you drink out of to even the bar tables, they even have an Elvis ice sculpture. (yeah bad ass I know) This isn't your ordinary bar as you can tell its better in my opinion.. But with something this cool it's gonna cost you a little more WOMP-UM.. They have a cover charge which is $30 to get in BUT that price includes 1 drink so its really not that bad of a deal.. plus I've heard they threw out the 30mins only in the bar rule.. I totally dig the parka, mittens and snow boots they make you put on before you enter the bar it makes you look like and feel like an Eskimo instead of a trashy hoe ha that rhymes but its true! Trashy hoes in sleazy outfits have to dress as Eskimo's, yet another PLUS! Thanks to this place I now have an excuse to give my girlfriend Eskimo kisses!
2	How could this place not sound cool ... uh, in theory? After debating whether I should stuff my face at a buffet, or freeze my ass off in this ice lounge, I decided to test my freezing point. I went when it just opened, so there weren't any reviews on this place whatsoever and I didn't know what to expect. You pay $30 for 1 drink and admission into the ice lounge. There are different package options, and the cover charge goes up with the number of drinks you have to prepurchase. Before you go in, they make you dress appropriately for the freezing temperature (parka, booties, mittens), and you watch a video that goes over the rules for how you're supposed to conduct yourself inside. At the time, there was a time limit of 30 minutes, and they give you a buzzer to wear around your neck to warn you when your time is up. I guess it's because drinking and being too cold is bad for you. Once inside, I had 3 thoughts:1. It's COOL that you feel like you're partying in an igloo. 2. It's KINDA COOL trying to hold your cup that's made completely out of ice with both mittens and drinking your cocktail like miso soup. 3. OK SERIOUSLY, IT'S LAME that you paid cover to stand around a small crowd of people. Once you finish your drink, there's something sucky about sitting on ice benches.. the place is also pretty small. My growling stomach regretted my decision. But if you do decide to go, I have a tip:No cameras are allowed inside, so take pictures with the Minus5 girls outside with your parkas before you go in unless you want to pay for expensive pictures that they take for you.
3	Okay - it is an interesting concept and it was fun to drag the parents in just too see the look on their faces when faced with a room filled with furniture made of ice, but beyond that, even at their $15/person (cover charge plus one drink) happy hour prices, it is an exceptionally "spendy" place to have a drink.The actual space is very small and not very conducive to doing anything more than having a quick drink and getting out so that they can move more people in - kind of a pain considering it almost takes as long to get bundled up as it does to drink your cocktail.They don't allow cameras inside and their pictures start at $25.00 which is pretty tacky considering the cover charge just to get in the door.  (Even Disney doesn't gouge you for that much...)Now that I've done it, I'll never have to do it again...
5	This place is COOL!  It's a novel idea and it's something you must try if you like being adventurous.  Yes, it's a little pricey - $30 per person for entry and 2 drinks (usually they give you 1 drink, but they were nice and gave us an extra drink ticket).  They give you a huge coat and gloves to wear inside the ice cavern area where everything is made out of ice.  It's ok if you get totally drunk in there though because if you drop your glass, no worries - it's made of ice!  You can take a bite out of your glass, if you really want to ruin your teeth, but be careful, the glasses are pretty thick.Being in there with a bunch of drunken people could be fun.  Don't leave change on the tables though since they'll start sticking to the ice tables.  I couldn't help but think of the movie Dumb & Dumber when I got there and touched the icy walls.  Just remember not to lick the walls or you'll duplicate that Jeff Daniels' scene.
3	ehhh, it's all right, cool novelty...prob an AWESOME escape from the heat of a vegas summer...neat that EVERYTHING is made of ice.it's really a one time, for 10-15 minutes kind of experience.
1	Ok first off, the no camera thing sucks!  Our first trip to Ice lounge was awesome, and the second time ruined it for us forever. The first time my friend and I went was New Years week and it was such a great experience.  We had so much fun with the other people in there. We were aloud to take pictures and everyone was taking pictures of each other which had us interacting with the other people in the lounge. Which just made this experience even more fun.  We sent some pictures from our phones to facebook and had all our friends online interrested in the place and wanting to check it out.  It was such a great experience that we told everyone about it and could not wait to go back .So.... the trip back was on my birthday weekend.  Had other friends who wanted to go back to the Ice Lounge.   They talked about it for weeks.  So we take them back and what a shock.  The bar had changed in just two months.  Luckily we were there before 4 so we didnt have to spend as much money to go in.  I am so glad we only bought one drink because we could not suck that drink down fast enough to get out.  The friendlienss of the people working that day was total opposite of the first time we went.  We were told no more cameras and no answer as to why it had changed.  That was part of the fun was taking pictures of each other and if we wanted to have a nicer picture taken of course we could pay the girl to come do that.   The bartender was so not friendly unlike the time before, and even when we tried to interact with her we got nothing.   When asked if we were to take a quick picture with our phone what would happen.  She informed us she would call the manager.   She was rude when we even tried to joke with her about it or ask why it had changed so drastically from two months ago.  She was more interrested in chatting with two men that were in there than any type of customer service whatsoever.  When one of my friends tried to communicate with her, she walked right by and totally ignored her to go talk to the guys.  When asked if she was having a bad day, sarcasam excuded.   And let me add it was only us and the two guys, so not as busy as when we went before. It was so not a fun experience, the people we brought back to see the place were not impressed.  By the time the girl came in to take the picture, and she was nice, we were done.   We could not get out fast enough.  We let the manager know and he offered to let us come back at no cost.  But really we were no longer interrested.  I'm sad to say this experience ruined the ice bar for us.  They should not care so  much about a camera and care more about people enjoying the time there and if for no other reason the cost just to go in for the experience.  Like the other person said...... give me a break you can even take pictures at disneyland why not here.  Just stupid if you ask me and I won't recommend this place to anyone anymore.
5	I had a really good time here. Part of it was the novelty but the drinks were good too. We did the "VIP" experience which included 2 drinks, a Faux fur coat, mittens, boots, and souvenir eskimo hats for $70.There were only 2 other people in the ice bar when we went in and then the bartender. We ended up hanging out with that couple. The bartender was really cool with us though. She came and sat with the 4 of us and we all chatted and had drinks. I'm not sure what's up with the other reviews mentioning no camera allowed. We had our camera out the whole time and took a ton of pix. All sorts of random poses and shots. Maybe it was because we made friends with the bartender? I ended up doing a shot off the ice sculpture of the naked lady as well just for fun. It was pretty cool. All the furniture and cups were made of ice. The furniture had faux furs on them so it was still warm. It's not like you were actually sitting on bare ice. There was dance/club/pop music playing and cool lighting. I think we would have had more fun if there were more people in there and had a little more action but it was cool to try out once. They let us stay as long as we wanted and were really friendly and outgoing. It was definitely something to do once just to try.
3	Pretty cool novelty attraction.....Seems a bit pricey but everything in Vegas is....We didn't pay so it was cool but don't know if I would go back other than if out of town guests wanted to check it out....We lasted just under an hour and it was some good people watching...The employees were really nice and help full.
1	It sounds cool, but for what they offer, I really wasn't interested. You have to pay a cover that offers one drink and all the rental gear that you need to wear. Basically, you only last there for an hour and it's an overpriced cover charge. So we opted to stay outside and try one of their slushy drinks. It was $16 in a blueberry flavor with alcohol or a white slushy flavor, I think it was margarita flavored. It was huge, but it was also a HUGE let down because I basically paid for an overpriced Slurpee. I tasted NO alcohol and there really was no point. Just a few hundred yards away is Fat Tuesday where you can get daiquiris for cheaper and you can taste the actual alcohol. If you want to pay a lot of funny for an hour of fun, go for it. But if you want the alcohol experience, I would just walk to Fat Tuesday and get the slushy drinks there. Totally not worth it!
4	I was expecting a Vegas style novelty bar and I think that's why I really liked Minus 5.The cover was $30, I think it's $20 if you go during the day and includes a free drink but they hand out free drink cards out front all day long and by Vegas standards a drinks for $15 isn't unheard of.  They were strong drinks too, even at $15 I think you got your money's worth in liquor. I don't think I could have handled more then two. The snow bunnies in front of Minus 5 were also serving $2 shots of vodka poured through an ice sculpture. You definitely could have gotten your money's worth there. Inside everything really is made of ice including the "couches" which are thankfully covered in faux fur and more comfortable then they look. They give you little grippy coasters so your ice glasses don't slide off the ice tables and bars. The bartenders and everyone else working there were really nice and friendly. The music they played was good. Overall I had a great time. Seems like a good place for groups. I do think the no camera thing is lame, that's why I didn't give the 5 stars. They told us, no electronics were allowed because the cold temperatures could damaged them and they provided us with a locker. I know it was crap but I wasn't that surprised.  At least the girl who took photos was fun and took as many photos as we wanted in as many places we wanted so we had a lot to choose from.
5	So I have to start my review with a very big apology to the camera guy.  I totally broke the rules and took tons of pics, even though he kept asking me to stop.  I'm really sorry, but I was so excited to be in an ice bar that I couldn't help myself.  Thanks for being nice about it, though, and you took great pics, btw.I love novelty stuff like this.  My big dream is to stay at the Ice Hotel in Sweden, so I thought this place might give me a taste of what I was in for.  It was very cool inside, and not nearly as cold as I thought.  I'm not sure if it was all the cocktails or what, but I was wearing open toed shoes and was ok.  (Now that I think of it, it must have been the cocktails)  I did learn the hard way the hazards of wearing giant mittens and handling ice glasses.  I started to take them off after I tried to pick up my glass and it shot right off the table old school saloon style.  Darn ice tables.The drinks were very strong and tasty.  I had a grapefruit drink and I really enjoyed how all the cold and ice made my drink a bit slushy.They also gave us a complimentary drink at the lodge outside, but after after all the shots from the topless woman sculpture, I decided to retire myself before I became "that girl".
3	Another reviewer summed it up best as a "pretty cool novelty attraction." The staff was friendly and I'm happy they didn't toss my homeboy out for humping the ice lion or for all the pictures we took while inside. After our first round we skedaddled!
4	Very interesting experience for somebody who didn't see much snow or ice. As for me I grew up in Russia, and ice sculptures are not a big deal for me. The cover charge is 25 bucks now, they give you warm coat, gloves and one drink. It is very cold there, we only lasted half hour, since everybody was dressed in summer cloth (it was 95 degrees outside). You're not allowed to take pics there, they have their own photographer, who does it for you and of course you'll pay on the way out to get the pics and link to your photos. Overall I think it's overpriced attraction, but what can you do, it is Vegas. I give them 4 stars though for great service and tasty cocktails.
5	I had a great time here!So we saw the ad, wanted a truly unique experience in Vegas and stepped in.  The whole place was pretty empty and the bar outside the 'freezer' was completely empty besides the girls trying to get people in. We bought the package that was the upgraded coat - oooooohhhh so cute long white coat with a souvenir little Russian type hat.  The package also comes with one picture and 2 drinks.  Sure it's expensive and sure you are wearing the black bulky gloves that are kind of weird but wait until you step into the ice bar. . . . .The bar is all carved, great sculptures and of course your drinks is made of ice.  So much fun!  The place isn't huge but comfortable and fun.  And as far as the cold goes I was wearing a small black dress, pumps, hat, gloves and coat - I was plenty warm and as you drink you only feel more warm!The staff was great, super friendly.  The bartenders were a lot of fun and listened to a silly/lame joke I had.  The small crowd was fun, we chatted and danced a little.  You are in an ice bar so it's easy to talk about the surroundings, comment on the sculptures and of course the drinks made out of ice.I would definateley recommend this bar if you want an experience and don't mind the price.
1	Lame. Disappointment. Overpriced. Small. Terrible service.Wish I never went. The only thing I found amusing was that the cup was made of ice.
2	So the wife and I passed by this bar and debated whether or not to go.  This was really my first vacation in Vegas, and my whole goal for the trip was "Don't get got".    For those who ain't hip to what that means, in a nutshell it means "Don't get taken advantage of".  Like for instance when we ate at the Cathouse and came to find out we were charged $6 each for water, that broke my "Don't get got" rule...LOL.       So the fee was $25 each to get in, which included a coat, hat, gloves, and one drink.  So we're $50 in....and I'm already starting to regret the decision as I'm putting on the coat.  Then we're told that we aren't allowed to take pictures inside, but they do have a photographer that can take photos of us for a fee.    Crap.  They got my ass.Went inside and there were only four other people in there.  There's about 8 different drinks you can choose from.  I will say that the drinks weren't weak so that's a plus.   The wife wanted a photo so we ponied up the $12 for a photograph.  I sat there trying to slowly sip my drink to make it last...when it finally hit me.  This is the best gimmick in the world.  You pay the money to get in, you aren't going to stay in there but so long because it's cold, and then you leave so they can herd the next suckers in.I'm kind of torn about our time there.  On the one hand, its a unique experience that you won't get to have anywhere else.  On the other hand, I feel like it wasn't really worth the money.   But like my wife said, we experienced it and now we know what its like, so we don't ever have to go back again.
4	Yes this place is gimmicky but when you've just spent about an hour in 105 degree heat this place is a sanctuary!  2 drinks and a warm coat for $35 is not bad for Vegas so I was not put off by the price...even purchased one of the pics they took of us inside!THEY HAVE STOLI ELITE!  Drink it!  There is nothing better then Stoli Elite in freezing temperatures out of a glass made out of ice...lemme tell you...Go for some fun away from the gambling and shopping.  You'll enjoy yourself for sure!
2	Cold(brrr) and expensive. We liked the mannequin in the front of the bar the best.
2	i paid $35 to hang out for 20 minutes with a bunch of 50 year olds in parkas.  the no camera rule was very irritating.  the only reason i would have appreciated this wacky thing is if i could have at least documented it.  someone from my group paid the photographer for a picture of all of us... but still.the ice cup was cool (no pun intended).  and i guess the boots provided a nice break from high heels?
4	I love this place.... after walking from Mirage to Mandalay bay, with outside temperature around 110 Fahrenheit.. Minus 5 Ice Lounge is the place to be!!!... They have different packages.. $25 for 1 drink include cover fee. $35 includes cover fee...there's more.. but we got the $35 one.. oh yah and they are ALL cocktail drinks... price is pretty reasonable.... but always give them a big tip ask them to add some extra shot make it stronger.. ;)  They'll give you wear this huge jacket, gloves, and black ugg looking shoes for ladies who's wearing heels..Everything inside is made of ICE even the cups.. NO PICTURE inside.. but they'll take picture for you and sell it for almost $13 including tax... I love it there!!! had a good time.. met some awesome people.. the place is really small and it's definitely easy to mingle with the people around you. This place is funny, I was absolutely sober inside, as I get out of the ice lounge.. temperature outside is hot, my blood alcohol level increases I was buzzed lol.... 2 more shots @ the minus 5 bar (not the ice lounge) got me really wasted.... it's definitely a cool experience...
3	So I kinda dug this place...I couldn't see myself spendin' the night here but drop in and have a drink. They hook you up with a jacket and gloves to keep it warm inside. Everything is made of ice including the cups. Note: this can make for trouble if you think about it. The girls that work there are very pretty and I got to see some jerk fall on his face. Best 25$ I ever spent to go into an ice lounge...whatever that means, lol
3	It was definitely an experience all right. Basically the deal is that you get a big long jacket, boots (if you wore flip flops or heels), and gloves, then get ushered into a small room made out of ice, very very cold, get a free vodka/cocktail drink ("free" - not really), then proceed to either stand or sit in that cold room for the next 30 minutes so you can get your money's worth. If it wasn't for the money's worth, most people would be outta there in 10 minutes. (Or however long it takes you to finish the drink.) I've never been to a venue like this in the U.S., so I gotta say - creative business. But the actual experience inside the room was awe-inspiring. Pro - the cocktail was actually pretty good, and it definitely remains chilled for an infinite amount of time, given that the glass is made out of ice too. (I'm personally from the northeast corner of China, where we see long winters at minus 5 to minus 15 every single year, so it wasn't THAT much of an experience for me, but you know, just saying.)
1	If there ever was a place that was appropriately named, Minus 5 is it. But rather than "degrees," what I think Minus 5 really signifies is the number of stars it should have.Yes, that's right, Minus 5 is that bad.The idea itself sounds really cool (no pun intended), especially in a town as blistering hot as Las Vegas. For $25 per person you can don a parka, boots, and gloves and have a cocktail in a room made entirely of ice, complete with ice benches, ice sculptures, even ice glasses. The problem, however, is that you are in a room made ENTIRELY OF ICE. Even with the outfit, it was so friggin' cold in there that I wanted to leave even before I had finished my drink, which totally sucked by the way.When we walked inside this frozen lounge we were presented with a menu of fruity cocktails. None seemed appealing to me, so I asked if I could get something else instead. "You can get whatever you want," the bartender said icily. So I told her that I wanted a Chopin martini. "That's going to be extra," she said. WTF? I'm paying $25 to freeze my ass off and you won't even give me a decent martini? "Nevermind, just give me a regular martini," I responded. She then proceeded to pour a shot of crap vodka into the ice glass."There's your martini," she said coldly. Now I may have looked numb from the cold, but if I remember correctly, even the driest martini contains some vermouth, as well as an olive or two. When I asked, she huffed a big frosty sigh, rolled her eyes, and left the room to fetch some olives (there was no vermouth). So there I was, shivering on a block of ice (one cannot truly "lounge" here), holding a crap martini with two hands (if you use just one, the glass will slip and break), while bad music and lights played in the background.Upon leaving, I could not help but think that I had been cheated in some way. In my opinion, $25 is a lot to pay to have to suffer through that chilly experience. Of course, I could have paid $35 for two drinks, thereby reducing the cost per drink. But that would mean having to suffer in that ice pit twice as long! It'll be a cold day in hell before I ever waste my money in that place again![edit: OK, so I was just told that only gin martinis have vermouth in them. Mea culpa. The martini still sucked though!]
5	This place is frigging hilarious. Everything is made of ice and it is cold as a witch's tit in an iron bra. They give everyone little coats to wear and uggs to put on over disposable socks. It made me laugh that the female bartender was walking around shivering in a boustier.  Kids!  It's $25 per drink which includes coat rental, so it's a pricey drink. But it's worth the diversion to drink out of an ice glass, sit on an ice bench, ogle an ice statue of elvis and such. I enjoyed it. I would go again.
3	Ice Bar is definitely interesting for Vegas. I didn't like how you had to pay extra to upgrade your coat to a black or white fur coat. The standard admission is already pretty expensive ($25 includes admission and one drink, plus tax and tip it comes out to about $30.) I've been to the one in London and it was by Absolut Vodka and I thought much nicer. But this one was Finlandia Vodka. I've never heard of it. So after you get suited uo in jacket and boots, you go inside which is -5 Celcius inside. The bartender told us the water is imported from New Zealand and the cups are ice made from that water too. The fruit and apple drink were pretty good. We tried the berry drink also which was ok. It had cute ice sculptures inside, but I didn't like how they wouldnt let you bring your camera in to take pictures. They had a professional photographer take your picture so you can spend $15 on it when you get out. Minus 5 is a cool place to check out once but I wouldn't go back.
3	Wanna freeze your sweet ass in Vegas?  Well then try the "Minus 5 Ice Lounge" in the Manadalay Bay hotel and casino.  I paid $30 for admission which included: a heavy coat, gloves, boots, and one drink.  They also provide a storage area for your stuff which they take from you once you enter the freezer, I mean lounge.  Unfortunately, they don't allow cameras, however, when I went to the ice bar in Stockholm, Sweden, I was able to take pictures and my camera didn't freeze.  Oh, there was a photographer who took your picture, but you pay for the photos you want and it wasn't included in the admission fee.  I was extremely cold after sitting on the ice benches for 10 minutes, so I didn't stay in longer than 20 minutes.  I suggest you wear long pants because the coats reach a little below your knee for most people and I noticed those that were wearing shorts (usual outdoor Vegas attire) were getting the shakes.  If you want to be bold, then get cold at the "Minus 5 Ice Bar!"
3	I can see why there are a lot of bad reviews for this place.  But if you don't go there with high expectations and if you like new experiences, this place is pretty cool... ok cold... ok freezing.The whole place (which is only about a size of a bedroom) is made of ice.  Ice chandeliers, Ice tables, Ice seats, Ice statues, Ice windows, and Ice walls... everything except for the floor was made of ice!  To be honest, it wasn't as cold as what other people are saying about this place.  We stayed inside for about an hour.  There used to be a 30 min minimum but I think they don't do that anymore.  I paid $35 for admission that includes 2 drinks.  You can also get a one drink admission for $25 and there is also a 3 drink admission and VIP admission. You get a coat and gloves (boots if you are wearing open toe shoes) to go into the -5 degrees room.  I thought they were supposed to give you an eskimo hat to wear too, but there were no hats :( The drinks were pretty strong and tasty~  You have to hold your ice cups with two hands because once you drop it, they won't give you another drink~!  There is also a "no camera in the room" policy but I snucked a couple in there :x  I also paid $15 to purchase a photo http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/Gwy8Fxh8a1DpZIUxxMydXg/l  I know... cheesy, but I wanted one :p
4	Really gimmicky but fun nonetheless.   Payed $35 for admission and 2 drinks.  Loved the ice glass.  Drinks were ok but nothing special.  the temp in there was perfect for getting rid of the food coma after leaving burger bar across the way.  They don't "allow" cameras because they claim the cold will damage the electronics/lens.  However, not 5 secs after being told that a photographer walks in with a $2000 digital SLR.  At least be honest about why cameras aren't allowed.  That being said, we snuck our camera in took a whole bunch of hilarious pics and no one said anything to us.  Had a good time here.
3	The admission includes two drinks, which means that the price isn't all THAT unreasonable - Having been to other ice bars though (london and Hong Kong) I felt that this one fell short in comparison. The space wasn't that big and there just wasn't that much to see really..remember being slightly confused since the ice sculpture and some of the other decorations didn't really match, wasn't very cohesive overall. Ice bars, to me, are a little old. And this one certainly didn't wow me in any way. Go, if you've never been to one and enjoy the experience, but save yourself time and money if you've already been to another awesome ice bar.OH. just a note, they don't allow you to take your camera inside...............HM
5	[Place Internet Heart Here]Davey and I came to Vegas to celebrate my 21st Birthday. We had the whole trip planned out even down to where we were going to spend my first legal drink together. Well that was until we came across Minus5 we couldn't pass that up. We went in and had a wonderful time. Cold as hell but wouldn't of changed anything for the world. It was a bit pricey and small, but besides that we had a blast! For most the time we were there we had the place to our selves which we loved! We snuggled together and took tuns of pictures, even got a free drink since it was my birthday!! Id recommend this place for sure!!! This place was a memory made and I couldn't of had a better first legal drink. I mean come on I'm in Vegas with my fiance in -5 degree temperature toasting to a wonderful birthday and future with him! Just doesn't get better than this!! Thanks again Minus5 for a great start on my 21st Birthday =] four thumbs up from Davey and I !! [IMG]http://i279.photobucket.com/albums/kk153/poizonmotherfuckingivy/M5LV909233384651.jpg[/IMG]
4	I think this place was super super fun, it was an experience i'll prolly never get to do again, i mean where else can you go where the place is all ice and cups made of ice?  The $35 was a lil high but it gave you two drinks and the well vodka is Finlandia which is just fine by my book.  The only reason i didnt give a 5 star was cause the place was a lil small and one of the bartenders were rude.... You live in Vegas and have a cool job.... ENJOY IT, cause there are tons of other people out there that would love to have it. Overall great experience!
3	I came here because my sister really wanted to. As advised from these reviews I came with little to no expectations, not wanted to be dissappointed, which I think was the correct philosophy because I ended up having a very pleasant time. It's overpriced, of course, but we paid the $35 for two drinks and with the prices of cocktails in Las Vegas, I think it was only a buck or two more than the average place. The ice sculptures were fun, even though the the leg had broken off the Las Vegas Cowgirl ;)
3	My hubby and I have been to Vegas a million times, but since we were here for his  30th bday, we decided to do things we've never done in Vegas before.This is how we decided to come to the Minus 5 Ice Lounge.  It's $25 per person for a long jacket, gloves, and boots if you need them, and a drink.It was COLD in there!  The whole place was made out of ice and everyone was drunk!  There were a few guys who stripped to their undies and the photographer took pictures! LOL.. funny stuff.We had our drinks and checked out the sculptures and took pictures with the photographer.  No cameras were allowed, which sucked, but we had a good experience.We've never experienced anything like this, so this was something we will never come back to do in Vegas ever again.Fun, cold, and unique.  We planned on going all out to celebrate the Hubby's 30th, so we splurged a bit on this experience.Try it once and you're good. Ice Bar Experience - Done and DONE!
4	Yes, it's lame and touristy.  WTF isn't in Vegas?The prices are actually $30 for entrance & 1 drink; $35 for two drinks.The pours are actually pretty strong and the drinks decent.  We talked with two big giant dudes who could barely speak english in fur coats.  We assumed they were Russian, but we finally deciphered that they were from Queens.  Ooops.Where else in Vegas can you do a shot of Grey Goose out of the tit of a frozen torso?
4	After seeing this place featured on FoodTV's Chef VS City I thought this would be great fun with the family during my mom's 60th b-day weekend. I was able to make a reservation, but with only 8 we didn't get group pricing. Need 10+ for that. We got there and my mom did a shot at the front bar. After gearing up in the warm black coats & boots we headed in. Everyone really enjoyed themselves. They made good drinks and played fun music. Yes, I snuck a disposable camera inside and took pictures when the employee with a camera had her back to us. I would definitely go here for a fun time. You're only inside the ice bar area for 20-30 minutes.
2	As people have mentioned, the concept of this place is cool... but it gets old really, really fast. I had their version of a Margarita, which was pretty good. My friends had one of their recommended drinks which had some energy drink mixed with other crap, and it tasted like Vodka mixed with Drano - absolutely disgusting.They claim that you're not allowed to take your cameras inside the place because of "liability," but it's really because they have their own designated photographer inside the place who takes your pictures, which they sell to you once you come out (sort of like when you're on a roller coaster).   Basically, you pay $35 to rent winter clothes and get two slightly-above-average drinks to drink in a living room turned into a meat locker, and you have the option of buying the pictures to prove it afterwards. When you walk out of this place, you then realize how not worth it the whole experience is.
3	It was an interesting experience, to say the least.  Everything was carved out of ice, even the glasses, and you had to wear gloves so that the heat from your hands didn't destroy the sculpture.  We paid the extra money for the fur coats, thinking we'd look like a pair of pimps. I would have opted for the white one, but that was reserved for the ladies, so me and my buddy got the black ones - he looked like a bulky Ivan the Terrible and I looked like a paunchy Drag Queen.  We did get the keepsake hats, which are cool, and the pictures we got with the package will probably never see the light of day, so do yourself a favor and go with the slightly cheaper package.  The drinks are generous, with enough booze to warm your insides, and the air is clean and nice - almost bland, like Canada.  The bartender was cool, taking a liking to my Hunter S. Thompson glasses and visor, which I insisted on wearing on top of the furry hat.  What do you want: it's a statement.
2	Date: November 21, 2009Good: Unique experience, Drinking out of Ice cups, bar and walls are all made out of IceBad: The experience gets old very fast, the cost entry price is $25 per person which includes a jacket and gloves with 1 cocktail drink. The place is small around 400sqft and no cameras are allowed however there is a photographer there taking pictures but pictures cost $5. Summary: To me this is just a 400sqft freezer with ice sculptures and alcohol,it's great for those who want to try somthing different and have the money to do so.
3	It is cold in there. Let me repeat, it is COLD in there! Everything in there is made of ice, therefore it must be damn cold to keep it from melting. Don't roll on up in there in a bikini and shorts fresh from the pool. don't show up in a mini skirt and heels. You will be cold even with the parka they give you and the uggs you have to wear. Its pretty pricy to say the least. but its an experience. How many people do you know have gone to an ice bar where everything is made of ice? my friend called it the fortress of solitude. yeah totally geeked out there. Had to bring him back to reality, you are NOT superman. deal with it.Drinks were pretty good. with the cover you pay, that includes a jacket you get a drink. you can always order more. the glasses are made of ice. They have sculptures made of ice, and you can take a shot out a female form, yes right out of the boobies! You can't bring anything in there with you, electronic that is, as it may not work. actually they just want to jack it up so you have to pay for pictures they take of you in there. alright, alright, i guess they have to make money considering how much their electric bill must be.Good drinks, pictures and freezing your arse off. No time limit, though mostly ppl leave before an hour due to the cold. There's a VIP package where you can wear fur coats and get a free hat. The hat is cute and I bought it separately. parka was just as warm, took a few pics, had a few drinks and it was all good. This is the only location in the US, rather north america. So when you get the chance, check them out.  but be ready to drop $$
3	Fun for the first 10 mins. But you are not allowed to bring your camera. And you are made to feel like a tourist because you have to buy a "package" to enter.. Would go again.
2	I actually went to the one in Queenstown NewZealand, but i need a place to vent some steam. First of all they don't allow you to bring your own camera and charge you $20 for their "photo package" which is greedy but common place now a days. But worse part is I can't even get a digital copy of my photo! their package gives you a code do download from their website but the link "daily photos" from the instructions is nowhere to be found! Terrible!The only thing preventing me from giving it a 1 start is the friendly bartender. The ice sculptures were not that impressive either.
4	This is a fun place to go to experience something totally different.  And yes everything is made out of ice, including the glasses you drink out of.  If you get cold easily, this is not the place for you unless you want to spend $25 and spend less than 5 minutes in there while downing your drink.The $25 comes with a parka, gloves, and one drink.  I think it is worth it simply for the experience, especially if you have never been in an ice bar before.  For $35 you get all of the above plus one more drink.  You can buy drinks inside the bar, but they are more expensive if bought inside than prepaying for outside.  You can stay as long as you want inside the bar, and are also allowed in and out privileges.  They don't allow cameras or phones in there because "the temperature difference between the ice bar and the outside temperature causes camera lenses to break."  I don't doubt that is true, SOMETIMES, but I am guessing they just say that so you can't take pictures inside which cost $20 for the first picture and $10 for each additional.  (They do provide a locker to put your electronics and no additional cost.)  There is a photographer that takes pictures of everyone and was very pleasant.  The bar tenders weren't very friendly, but I wouldn't be either if I stayed in 5 degree temperature for hours on end.The place itself is extremely small and was probably about 2/3's the size of my normal hotel room at The Mandalay Bay.
4	Very cool, very different type of "bar." Not much of a selection of alcohol (mainly vodka) but really you are going for the atmosphere, which considering Vegas prices are really not that bad. For $20 you get the rental jacket, a locker for your stuff, a cocktail of your choice and as much time as you want in the freezer. While the actual place is somewhat small they do have a few decorations going on and a very friendly staff.  Overall a fun place to visit if you just want one drink an a different place to chill.
2	BEST GIMMICK EVER!The bar is tiny. The drink is ok. $25 allows you to experience what it is like inside a freezer.
4	Great one time experience. Bummed they didn't allow us to bring our cameras into the ice bar. We had to pay for their picture  ($16)  Also many reviews are out of date with pricing. It is now $25 to get into the ice bar and that includes one vodka based drink, plus as they say "all of the stuff to keep you protected inside" namely gloves, boots and a jacket. You can also upgrade to "fur" coats and hats for an additional fee. And contrary to what you might have seen on the travel channel there is no time limit for staying in the ice bar but we didnt last very long because it is cold!  Additional drinks are $12 inside.
4	OK first off, all the people bitching about the cost to get in obviously dont go out to many clubs on a Friday or Saturday night (cover anyone?).  So I pay $25 for the package at Minus 5, get in the door and get two drinks included - plus have a great story to tell.  Hmmm get into a regular downtown club, order two drinks and it costs me anywhere from $35 to $55 dollars for the same... Off my soap box now and onto Minus 5.Positives:Novelty - nice to try something new (especially since its the only one in the US).Cold!Fun ice glasses, benches and chandeliers!Negatives:We all looked like a bunch of meatpackers LOLAs its been mentioned before you cant take photos unless you manage to smuggle your camera in.If I was with people who had never been here before I would go again just to enjoy their reaction.  I was lucky to go with a big group of people, eleven total, so we really were enjoying ourselves and each others company.  We lasted about a half hour and then headed onto our next adventure - we had made Minus 5 a stop on our evenings festivities, not the final destination.
3	When you find out you have a chance to have a drink in a bar made entirely out of ice, out of ice cups, how can you NOT go for the bragging rights that comes with the experience alone? It will be colder than you imagine it will be. Trust. And the bar is small (REALLY small) so this is not a place to go if you're expecting to mingle and schmooze but its novelty, the awesome pictures you can purchase and stiff cocktails make it the perfect jumping off point for a COOL (bah hahahahahahahah!) night in a hot town. Like riding the bull at Saddle Ranch, this is just one of those things you have to do. UNLIKE that bull ride, you won't regret it in the morning.
4	COOOOL place! literally!!! we opted for the 2 drink + entrance for $35. you get a big standard jacket, gloves and some ugg-like boots to wear if you wish. everything else is extra (fur coat, hat...etc).this place is basically like a BIG freezer, except the decor is made with ICE. yes, everything is made with ice! from the sculptures to the tables and seating and even the chandilier was made of ice! the cups they serve your drinks in are made of ice too. i think it's totally worth the experience! but it does get so cold that you cant really stay in there very long.note: no cameras allowed, but they do have a photo lady who walks around taking your pics and you can buy them (kinda like at amusement park rides).fun place! go for the experience!
5	This place is spectacular.  For just drinks it would be a bit expensive, but the novelty of sitting in a room completely made of ice is well worth it, especially considering it's in the middle of a desert.My biggest complaint was when my glass sprang a leak, but bartender made me another one so it wasn't really a big deal.  It was also annoying that I couldn't bring in my own camera, but it makes sense when you consider that condensation could very well ruin the thing.  They let me buy some pictures at the end, so I guess that makes up for it.I don't remember all the price breaks.  It ranged from $25 for a single cocktail to $500 for a group of four, (this package gets everyone a fur coat upgrade, some pictures, and a bottle of Dom, well worth it if you're celebrating).The signature drinks seemed to all be fruity tropical drinks, which is fine by me, but they had a full bar as well.All-in-all, this was well worth the money.  One of the coolest things in Vegas.
3	I have a pretty strict "I don't pay to pay to drink".  I especially don't pay to get into a bar where I'll be cold and then still have to pay for drinks.I went here with 10 people for a bachelor party, and we nearly filled the place.  What little room they do have is filled with ice sculptures and ice couches.  Its cool for about 3 minutes to see what they've made there, but after that you wonder why you paid to get in.The have a limited drink menu b/c of the freezing tempuratures and most taste aweful.  Actually the most fun I had was spitting on the ice table and setting my glass (made of ice) on it and then watching the bus boy try and remove it after it was frozen.
4	I had a great time hear. No better way to beat the Vegas heat. Really friendly service. Just plain fun.
4	Ever been to a bar where both the interior (including the chairs and tables) are made out of ice? Where your cocktail is served in a glass made of ice that DOESN'T stick to your tongue? If not, go at least once in your life to Minus 5 Ice Lounge. In fact, I've been to the aesthetically less-impressive Balalaika in Hong Kong and even with their extensive vodka selection, I still think that Minus 5 is a must-visit-once! However, if you're just looking to get smashed, there are plenty of other places that you can go to buy larger quantities of alcohol for less.I've been there twice - both to introduce a Vegas first-timer to all the over-the-top sights and activities the city has to offer. The concept of an ice bar in the dessert has, after all, that amusement factor. That's what you're paying for. NOT just the drinks.It doesn't hurt my opinion of them that their drinks are also very tasty!
4	I thought it was a nice change of pace to the normal Vegas Bar scene. As described Its a Novel Ice bar with various packages that include 1 or two drinks. Vegas / Nevada Residents get $5.00 off any package. We all had the fur upgrade as they simply looked cooler and since I was blowing the entire monthly nut at the tables why not enjoy a little vegas novelty to boot.had some Vodka Rocks and took some great photos with a few friends. Lasted about 25 mins before we were freezing our asses off. Photographer took a ton of photos and we bought 3 and the rest we can download to facebook after 2 day wait they are on their website. All and all for a few bucks compared to most of the stuff thats out there a very nice time.
4	Great spot! I plan on coming here every time I head to Vegas. $25 gets you a drink and admission into a fun setting in the middle of a desert. No cameras or cell phones... which was nice because people weren't thumbing around with their phones or taking copious amounts of pics. I really liked the ice sculptures, lighting, and furs in the booths.
4	I definitely would recommend this to everyone and anyone who hasn't been here before. I found this place through a friend of mine and also yelp.  It was minimum $25 per person to get into the bar,.. this included one drink, a pair of shoes/gloves, socks and a jacket,.. you are not allowed to bring any of your belongings in and they will give you a locker to lock up your items,.. They give you instructions before you enter and wahlahhh,.. you walk into a big fridge?! a size of a small class room?! Is this it?! I think sooooo,....My smiled turned into a frown, pictures are so misleading,. I thought this place would be underground,. a large club,. bartenders walking around with shots of test tube,. you know the wild things?! hahaAlthough the place was small, it didn't phase to amaze me,.. everything was made of ice,.. the walls, the chairs, my shot glass,. the action figures,. a las vegas sign? It was PRETTY COOL,.. so cool I couldn't help touch everything inside =)The staff walked around and gave my friends a ski SHOT,.. shot cups on a ski,.. four people lined up, holding the ski and taking the shot together,.. NEVER SEEN THAT BEFORE,. CLEVER IDEA,..  the only bad thing is,. they went to another group right after and did the same thing,. x___X uhhh germss?! I Guess they just reuse the ski cups? I wonder if they save and reuse the ice glasses that we had previously drank from?! mmmmThey also had a set of boobs near the bar where two people can stand on each boob and "suck" from,. the bartender would poor liquor through the top and it would ooze out of the ice boobs nipples?! that was pretty interesting,..Germs again?! Is it cold enough to kill the germs? hahaAnywho,.. you must come at least once to experience the ice lounge =)  It's in Mandalay Bay,..
4	Ice, Ice, Baby! $125 for two people, two drinks each, two photos each, gloves, coats, booties for me, tips, and a locker and key for our stuff.It was just warm during our trip and this place was still cool (pun intended). On a sweltering summer day this would have been wonderful. It is located in that mall space between the Luxor and the Mandalay making a great spot to grab drinks before checking out the Bodies exhibit at Luxor. The super nice staff helped suit us up and get into the ice bar were everything was made out of ice (even the chandeliers). You can stay as long as you want and we lasted about 65 minutes. My BFFs goal was to outlast the group at the end of the room and we did, HA!The non specialty cocktails will run you an extra dollar a pop. I wish I would have brought cash to tip! They take your card outside and give you a little buzzer to charge extra drinks n' stuff. They come in every 15 minutes or so to take pictures (since they don't let you bring in cameras or cell phones, something about them getting ruined by condensation). We got some cute shots near all the cool ice sculptures. The music goes from awesome to meh and the lady bartender was super sweet. Did I mention they serve Hangar One vodka? Well they do! We had a blast and I would definitely go back with someone who was in Vegas for the first time (like we were).
4	So we went here because of all the Yelp reviews and it is true to it's name!  It is very very cold!  It's a little pricey because they charge you like a "Cover Charge"  then you can get a jacket and 1 drink.  So just to walk in and have a drink for one person is around $25 then if you want a picture it is like $18 for one.  So it was kind of like Disneyland.. You should for the experience but be aware you will put a lot of money out!
4	This review isn't for the ice lounge, but for the bar outside. I had a really good time here, and I didn't really expect to.  My bf and friend were just looking for a place to grab a drink.  It's dark in here, high tables n chairs.  Our waitress was nice, kept up conversation n came w/the drinks fast.The best part of the night was when we sat at the bar when our waitress' shift was over for the night.  Rodrigo was the bar tender for the nice and he was super cool n fun to talk to.  Very personable, and great w/the bar tricks!  He also makes super stiff drinks.  We all got to feeling good and having a great time.  Cheers!
5	This is by far the COOLEST (no pun intended) PLACE EVER!!!! It is I would say an absolutle must when you go to Las Vegas! We went for a photoshoot and you get to wear big parkas, gloves, and boots and the ENTIRE bar is in ICE!!!! ice drink glasses, ice tables, ice chairs... its pretty awesome! They said they go through 3,500 gloves a week and donate them to the homeless which I thought was pretty awesome too.
3	Awesome experience. Everything is ice, even the cups! From my druken memory i believe it was $75 total wait, or was it $85 (uh oh) , for two people. This includes two drinks per person and they provide a jacket and slippers also.1. Fruit fusion - fruity and wasn't too strong.1. Icy margarita - you can definitely taste the alcohol .They have this outrageous rule that doesn't allow you to bring your camera inside because they claim that the " condensation" will mess it up. BULLCRAP. If that was the case, then WHY do they take pictures with their cameras inside and charge 20 dollars per picture.  In other words, they want to make more money by lying to you. hahahaa. We didn't believe it and took a few pictures with our own camera til we were forced to put it into the locker. ( the pictures and the camera came out fine) hehee. Overall, a pleasant experience.  Something to definitely stop by and try with a date or a group of friends.  1 out of 5. 5 being the highest.Drinks - 3.5Ambiance - 4Price - Decent
5	Love this place! We did the boob ice luge and had drinks out of the glasses made of ice. My boyfriend forgot to take off his watch and it busted because of the cold temps. Be sure to empty your pockets of all electronics! The $75 package does the trick for 2 people.
5	Minus 5 gets plus 5 stars. Did someone use that joke already? Apologies.Put on a parka and some booties and go sit in a freezing room where everything is made from ice. You get one drink voucher per person -- the drinks are variations of vodka + mixers. The extra charge for the shot from the boob luge is worth it. Get your pictures taken, pay for them if they're good, whatever. It's actually not as cold as it sounds. Or maybe I stayed warm from my boob luge shot. It's all good.
3	My personal opinion:For a fun and memorable experience Minus 5 will fit your needs. This chiche experience if fun to say 'hey I did that' to but beyond that you are just paying to be cold.
4	Gimmick?  Absolutely.  But a fun gimmick I must say.I am a frequent Vegas visitor and have heard of this place awhile ago and always turned my nose to it - "pay to be cold...uh dumb"BUT now that I actually went this past trip I have changed my tune.Went with a group of 6 people.  Only 1 in the group has been there before and since she raved about it we all gave in.  I could see how it would be fun to take newbies there for their first time.3 of us did the cheapest package.  $25 to rent a jacket (big bulky, not cute, canvas jacket), booties (pretty much fleece slippers), gloves (i recommend grabbing 2-4 pairs from the bin and layer up cause your hands will get cold first), and 1 drink (small tumbler sized vodka mixed drink, they are good though and the cups are ice!)I was wearing jeans and was not "that" cold and we stayed in there about an hour.  My 2 girlfriends, though were wearing skirts and the jacket only goes to the knees so obviously they were much more chilled.The rest of our group opted for the $70 package which included a faux fur jacket, same booties & gloves, a photo, a fur hat they got to keep and 2 drinks.  Besides the hat & photo momento and the extra drink they did not have any more fun than us cheapskates :)The staff was super nice (especially the extremely hot bartender who knows he looks like James Franco) and there are photographers walking around taking whatever pics you want and then you can look at them later and opt to buy them.One gripe would be, at the front where you pay needed another person running a register.  Only girl was working when we went late on a Saturday night and it seemed to take forever to pay and get everything taken care of before going into the bar itself.It was not that crowed but was not dead either, everyone was having fun from looking around.  Something different and a memory for sure.We took our jackets off for a photo opt which was fun but I recommend doing this towards the end of your visit because it is effin cold in there and you will never warm up correctly by just putting your jacket back on.Will I go again, maybe.  :)
4	In a single, and also very obvious, word: BURRRRRRR.In another single, and less obvious, word: EXPENSIVE!Not that Karey R. and I didn't have a five star experience here, we did, but I would have to review me and Karey R. in order to splain what that's all about. Also, this is a three and a half star review for sure, but "Abs" and Rodrigo have bumped it up to a four, so if you intend to visit and miss these guys (or if you are a guy) I would mentally knock this down to a 3 1/2.As lots of people have said, no camera. When they tell you that at the front, they'll try and manipulate your heart's desires for pictures by upgrading your purchase to include a picture! To this you should say nay as there are lovely photographers running around anyhow and you can decide post-ice if you want to buy them or what kind of package you may want to get.As you may have inferred from the name, it's cold. Word. When Karey and I were first considering going, the two of us were wearing cutesy little skirts. Silly broads, it's ICE. Lucky for us we decided to run back to the room for a more appropriate wardrobe change- and even then we were chilly.Other than that, the experience is pretty much drinking alcohol out of ice cups while sitting on an ice bench and looking at ice sculptures. It's cool, gimmicky, and I'm glad I did it once, but probably won't do it again.What you may want to consider is checking out the outside portion, which is iceLESS and no required price to enter. You may be so lucky to meet Rodrigo who is pure entertainment, an amazing bartender (he flips and throws and catches), and very muscle-y!
1	Total tourist trap, save yourself $35 bucks (or more if you want to wear a fancier coat and get a cheeseball photo) and skip this place!  The bar is tiny, and yes everything is ice- the floor, the walls, the glasses, the seats, the actual bar, etc., but no one goes here to hang out.  You run in for a quick drink so you can say you saw it.  And then you leave wondering why you just did that.  They give you boots and a long winter coat and make you pay in advance, and lock up all your stuff (including your camera, because they want to you pay an arm and a leg for one of their photos) outside.  The drinks were TERRIBLE.  So bad that we didn't finish them.....and trust me, that means they were truly awful!  Total gimmick, total regret.
4	We went to minus five and loved the experience!! There were 4 of us and we all got the $25 package which included a jacket gloves and a drink. The bar itself is made entirely of ice and is very cold (especially because I being very smart wore flip flops)! The capacity is small and there is one bar top. I enjoyed a signature cocktail called the iceberg and i wish i could of had about four more! All in all I was very glad that we did it an although it may not be a place you would frequent if you're in Vegas you have to try it!!
3	This place is a tourist trap...that being said I actually had a good time with the guys.A buddy of mine was in town with a crew for a bachelor party and they were trying to find something unique to do in vegas, since Minus 5 was on my vegas bucket list.The staff at Minus 5 was great, the girl at the register seemed a little overwhelmed, but there was a line forming and I think she was a fairly new, the rest of the crew (coat girls, bartenders, and photog were all great).I'll get my gripes out of the way first#1- no electronics in the lounge...really??? I get that you want us to buy your over priced photos, but I can't bring in my phone (although I doubt it would get any reception anyways)#2 $25 for admission and 1 Drink $35 for 2 drinks....I know it's a gimmick but come on that's a little much for drinks made with some vodka no one on earth has ever heard of.#3 the place is TINY, I've seen it on tv and in a few photos and I can tell you it is a Lot smaller in person.Other than those I have to say the experience was pretty good.The drinks were decent, the sculptures were pretty cool (pun intended), and the fact that your glass is actually made of Ice is pretty sweet.One nice thing is that you're admission is for "unlimited" lounge time, while we were only in there for a while, if you wanted to go to their outer lounge and that off a bit before venturing back into the freezer you can.They also had a full bar so you could order whatever you wanted both inside and outside the freezerI have to admit, I had the urge to lick a lot of the sculptures, but I held that urge back (I'm pretty sure others already had).As I said this place is a Tourist Trap, small, and kind of over priced, but I will say that you should check it out...at least once
3	This was my first time at an ice bar, so I don't really have anything else to compare it to.Overall, the place is kitschy and definitely seems like a tourist trap, but I still think it was worth the the novelty ($25 gets you 1 drink, a coat, boots, and gloves).  The bar serves specialty drinks only, and shots of various flavors of Stolichnaya Vodka, so you're pretty much out of luck if you want any other kind of drink. You also can't bring in any electronics due to the temperature, and you have to pay to have photos taken of you (like, for instance, if you want to take a shot out of the ice boob luge and have it immortalized on camera for all eternity).If you're pondering whether or not to get the fur coat/hat upgrade, don't do it.  I was wearing a skirt and tank top, and I was fine with the standard coat/gloves/boots package.  You're likely not going to be in there long enough to freeze anyhow ;-)
3	We went to Minus Five after watching Frank Caliendo (see my review of that show) to get a much needed drink (to forget our experience at Frank Caliendo). Minus 5 is quite an interesting concept. We were in line for quite a bit and finally got in...we had to be clothed in a fax fur (I checked, it's not real) coat, boots and gloves. They also made us leave everything else (cell phones, watches etc) in a locker. I guess there's some liability issues because of the temperature of the bar. And then, we were ushered in. All this didn't really bother me but what was a bit inconvenient was the sheer time it took for us to get situated with the winter garb. Definitely not a place you can get in and out quick (even without the lines). Minus Five was actually quite a fun experience...everything was in ice (ice sculptures etc), there was the electric blue lighting (reminded me of the Bond movie with Halle Berry) and the drinks were served in glasses made of ice. The drinks were pretty good and strong. There's no room to dance and dancing is pretty hard when you're clothed in a big coat with boots that don't exactly fit. I was quite surprised that this place was as small as it was. It was definitely not too crowded so I think they do a good job controlling the number of people in the bar. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.All in all, I'm glad I came to Minus 5. It was a very fun night and the place was interesting. I don't think I'd ever make it here again but for a one-time experience, definitely worth it.
4	minus 5 was definitely a fun experience. i think we paid $25 to go in and this included a cocktail, a coat, gloves, and boots. it's really cold inside so you're going to need them. towards the end we decided to strip down to our normal clothes and start dancing. the alcohol also helped warm us up. btw everything is made of ice.. including the couches but they are covered in fur blankets so your tush doesn't freeze off. as for it being a bar to chill at...not so much. we were there for 30 minutes at most.....this doesn't include the actual process of paying, getting dressed, locker situation etc. it's also really small and bright inside. a pre-club or a pre-bar place to go. do not commit your whole night to it but definitely give it a try!!!"minus 1" star for no cameras and cellphonesBLACKBERRY GOES WHERE I GO!!
4	Minus 5 was a "cool" experience.  The $35 admission came with a faux-fur coat, boots, gloves, and a drink - glad we splurged for the faux-fur coat, as it allowed us to stay in the bar for approximately an hour.   Everything is made of ice - even the chandeliers, which was fun.  It was pretty mellow  - no wait - and quiet for a Saturday night, but it was nice to actually have a normal conversation where one didn't have to yell - a rarity in Vegas.    The bartenders were pleasant and the drinks were strong.  The photographer wasn't too annoying, although I think the request to leave your cell/camera, etc. in a locker outside the bar is a scam so you will buy their photos - which we did.  Minus 5 was definately a good experience and I would recommend a small group looking for something a little different.
4	I love the concept. I don't like to do a lot of snow activities so a monitored amount of time in this Ice Cave is perfect. I thought I would be grossed out by the shared clothing but it didn't smell or look bad. The price for admission, a drink and some clothes were reasonable, $25. The fact that we couldn't take a camera in so they could charge for more expensive packages with pictures is what kept the 5th star from emerging. The Ice Man drink was yummy, sweet. All the beverage cups are made out of ice and one of them was a dud and started to melt off the bottom so the drink leaked. I would go back with a group of girls again, but not my honey.
4	My girlfriend, who lives in Vegas, took me here when I visited her last week.  It is definitely gimmicky, silly etc, but we enjoyed our brief visit.  Unless you can down a crapload of vodka in 15 minutes, the 1 drink package is the best bet.  I believe the average stay in this bar is 15 to 30 minutes.  I could have stayed in longer had the gloves been a little bit better.  Once I had the vodka in me my body warmed up, but my finger tips did not.  Girls, don't go in with a dress!  They give you a less than toasty coat to wear (fine with me cause I run hot), so everything not covered will freeze, cutting your visit shorter and making it less enjoyable.  You cannot bring your electronics in because most electronics don't like the cold, and the bar doesn't want to be responsible for the ones that don't make it through the experience.  They do give you a locker and key to put your stuff in, so you don't need to worry about them while having fun.I did buy some pictures of our visit, and I love them!
4	Not some place you're going to go for a night out, but it was really fun for 1/2 an hour... especially when it was 107F outside.  Drinks were expensive, but strong. The bartenders, the coat girls, and all the guests were really friendly when I was there. Only thing that was really lame was that they don't let you bring cameras. Instead they charge you for the pics they take. And my g/f and I got some good pics, but didn't want to pay $25 (?) for one.
1	Expensive gimmick.  Missleading website.  Wide angle lens camera makes it look big but is smaller than my kitchen.  For $25 dollars to get in, it was a real disappointment.  We felt ripped off.  Plus the free drink was absolutely aweful; it reminded me of the trash can parties we went to in college.
4	came there to check the place out..tho im not a big fan of vodka..i sure enjoyed their concoctions..haha..we were given parkas, boots, n gloves..yes mandatory to wear..as for the jacket, you can take it off if you think youre that cool..place is pretty cool or should i say cooler than cool..ice cold..everything was made of ice..the whole bar..the cups your drink is in..tables..seats..everything..besides the place was extremely freezing, the place was actually a nice place to chill =D
3	I think this is something you need to at least try once if you live in Vegas. The admission prices are very high and drinks are expensive and I think they must of left our bartender in the cooler way to long because he was not very attentive or friendly. Also they wont let you take phones or cameras inside so they can charge you $30 to get a picture taken inside. Try it once and then skip it.
4	This place is awesome, and an experience for sure. The drinks are averaged price for a Vegas bar, but they definitely come out as strong as you care to order them. The staff is VERY nice, and they brightened my day. I'll definitely head back here again when I get the chance.
4	Went with some friends this weekend and had a blast! The only problem I had was we couldn't stay longer because we were so cold! We did get the fur coats and gloves and felt like Russians! LMAO! I recommend it to at least say you went!
4	By far the "coolest" bar I've been to.   Everything inside is made of ice..from the seats, to the table, the bar and even the cups you drink from! Definitely a must go visit while in Vegas.  Be warned however, the gloves or rather mittens they give you don't really help with protecting your fingers from the cold.  I could've stayed in the bar for quite a while if not for my fingers going numb.  If you go, be sure to bring your own!
2	Well, it's a bar made of ice.  Ice is cold.  I was freezing.  It was also kind of dirty looking, and small.  I just don't get the appeal, but if it looks really awesome to you, you may enjoy it.  I did get a pretty sweet t-shirt there, though.
4	My friends and I came here in a group of 15 to celebrate one of our big birthdays (number witheld).  We heard about it through all of the Travel Channel series.  What a FUN place.This place puts you into two different "rooms" (converted freezers) to acclimate you to the dropping temperatures.  Before going into the rooms, you are given a choice of regular sweater parkas or the "delux" coats (extra fee) and faux fur hats (extra fee).  In the first room, they give you cotton gloves to keep your hands warm.   You then go into another room that it is a bit colder for a few minutes.  Then, they let you into HEAVEN!The bar is made entirely of ice.  This includes the seats, statues, decorations, bar, cups, and picture taking area (ours was a Caddilac).  The bar and wait staff are very friendly and make it a fun experience.  They helped clear the Caddilac area and let the birthday boy strip down to his undies to take the picture with the group.  It was a blast.Be sure to try taking a shot of your favorite drink out of the nekkid woman's boobies.  They pour the liquid into a funnel that is in the neck are of the ice-woman, and it comes out through slots in her two boobies.  You just stick your mouth there and gulp as the liquid comes out!They have a range of drinks that you can choose from - mainly mixed drinks.  The drinks are tasty, but the ice cups only holds a few ounces.  Given that the drinks were $12-14 each, it didn't go a long way.  It's a bit expensive on the drink prices, but well worth the experience.   You can go in and out of the ice bar as much as you like - as long as you continue to order drinks.  FUN!My FAVORITE part of the visit was sitting at the bar outside of the ice bar and ordering the "Dragon Mojito" (?)   That had to be the best mojito I've ever had.  It's an original drink created by the bartenders and perhaps the most popular.  They put that Dragon fruit liquor in it, which gives it a really different and nice tast.  I'm not a big drinker, but I had 3 of those drinks (in addition to 3 drinks inside the ice bar).  The fact that I wasn't drunk must have been a good indication that the drinks inside the bar weren't too strong and were made of primarily juices.It's all about the experience, not the drinks!  I'll be back!  This place is FUN!FYI - "Minus 5" means "Minus 5 below Celsius" (not Farenheight).  It's only 20-something degrees, not 5 minus zero like everyone thinks.  Great marketing ploy...
3	a once in a lifetime experience. one of those places that you go to once.. and never go again. :pit was cool though. and at least now every time i watch the travel channel and they show this place i can actually say, "oh, i've been there!!" and everybody will look at me with that same "whatever...." look.. :)$25 for a drink, a parka, and gloves. we also got one free shot per person. stayed a max of 1hr cos we tried to get our money's worth.. i'm guessing most people only stay for 30minutes.. hehe. worst part? you can't bring in cellphones or cameras. i don't think it's because of the fact that some electronics might malfunction and they don't want to be liable for it.. but mostly because they want you to buy the photos from them. blah. $40 for 3. i guess. like i said, once in a lifetime. :p
4	Minus 5 Ice Lounge was way cooler then I expected, pun totally intended. My husband and I took his brother here when he was visiting from out of town, it was one of the things on his list of to-dos and we had never been, so we figured it was worth checking out at least once. Anything that I go to that is in a casino on the Las Vegas Strip, I expect to pay a little extra for. The Ice Lounge was no exception. $25 gets you in with one drink, $35 gets you two. All of the packages let you use the coat, boots and gloves so you are basically just deciding how drunk you want to get. There is a VIP package for $75 that includes a fancy fur jackets instead of the basic jacket (upgrading to these costs additional if you don't get the VIP package) and a photo package I believe... Locals, make sure you request the $5 discount! The manager that rang us up informed us that the weeks before Christmas are typically the slowest time of year for Minus 5, so not only was it not crowded at all when we went, but ALL of the ice had just been redone a few days prior... This meant no dirty, dingy ice like some reviewers mentioned. The downside is that they had not replaced the boob luge, I was disappointed that I wasn't able to take a shot out of a nipple made of ice. Hopefully the boob luge makes a comeback!The lounge is on the smaller side but it's ALL ice. The seats, the chandeliers, the tables, the shot glasses... Everything except the floor and at times, that still felt a little slick. When we went that had a huge bear made of ice and also a little snowman dressed as Santa that you could stick your head through for photos... The official policy is no cameras allowed but if you are sneaky you may be able to get away with snapping a couple. Otherwise there is an employee there to take photos for you...The bartender Nick was awesome... He definitely made a good time even better! As another reviewer said, Minus 5 is about the experience, not the drinks. They weren't the best I ever had, they weren't that cheap... but we had a great time drinking them!
2	This is hard to review.  The reason being is that I knew it was a tourist trap and it was just a huge gimmick.  That being said, I knew what to expect.Let me explain prices and such.  You pay $25.  To get in and for a drink voucher.  You go in and it's a pretty tiny refridgerator.  With ice benches and such.  THE NAKED STATUE IS GONE!  NO TITTY SUCKING PREVS!  (OK, we wanted to do that too...)This place is huge on taking your money.  No cameras allowed like the others have mentioned.  Their excuse is that electronics go bad under that weather.  Not true.  A photographer comes in to take pictures, with a regular camera.  You can buy pics for about $20 each after.It's not too cold to be honest.  So don't worry about getting extra coats or wahtever, save your money.  You're paying enough to walk into a fridge.It was cool to go to though.  Once in a lifetime thing.
3	This is a total novelty bar. You will stay about 20 mintues in the freezer drink your two gimmick ice drinks, take a few expensive photos and be ready to leave. The lounge out the freezer that has fire places and drink service is actually way nicer and very relaxing. After everything like jackets, cover charge, and pics your easily looking at $100 per couple.
4	ICE PRINCESS??? Yeah, thats what the boys called us when we walked into the ice bar at Mandalay Bay last week all decked out in our white fur jackets and fuzzy hats. I mean, who's to blame them. We looked pretty cute.First of all, this place is pricey! We went for the VIP package that was $75 and that included the upgraded fur coats, 2 drinks, 1 photo and your head piece to keep (choice between the fuzzy head band and the winter hat). It also included your locker and gloves and booties if you needed them. YOU CAN NOT BRING IN ANY cameras, cell phones ext. They say it is because the cold can destroy your equipment BUT I AM CANADIAN and I have had cell phones in much colder weather. They just want you to purchase the photos when you are done. Remember, only the VIP package includes 1 photo. You can purchase your own photos 1 for $20 and 3 for $40 or view them online later and purchase them. The cheapest package is $25 per person and includes the blue jackets and 1 drink. Other packages vary between this one and the VIPThe place was entirely made of ICE! The bar, the seats, the windows, the statues, the GLASSES! Yeah, you heard me, your glasses are even made of ice...talk about a cooooool drink :) It was a really fun, expensive experience but totally worth the cost for a one time thing. Most people will only stay in about 30 min, but we, my friends stayed in for an hour and a half!Ice princess.....Boys, boys, boys....I'm no ice princess....I'm the ICE QUEEN! :)
4	Wife really wanted to do this, I wasn't too big on it.  I changed my mind after going in.  Was a really COOL experience (OK bad pun).  There's no need to get the fur coat upgrade as the coat they give you to use is plenty warm.  Everything is made out of ice, the benches, the tables, the statues, the glasses you drink out of!Cool lighting inside gives it an even better look.  The bar tender was fast and made pretty good drinks.  My cup sprung about 3 leaks by the time I got my 2nd drink so I was given a new glass with a new drink. I don't remember the names of the drinks I got, but they were both really good.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that they won't allow you to bring in your camera and try to sell you pictures for $20.  Come on now!  They claim it's to protect your electronics from the cold, but let's be real here.Figured this was a once-in-a-lifetime thing that you would only do once, but I bet the next time I'm back I'll go again!
5	One of my favorite things to do in Las Vegas. Sure it's a tad expensive, but it's an unparalleled experience. There are a few different pricing options, 1 drink + coat, 2 drinks + coat, VIP fur upgrade, etc. Honestly, 1 drink + coat is fine because by the time you finish your first drink, you won't be able to feel your hands and will want to leave anyway.They have long coats and boots (for the ladies). They also give you knit gloves to use. The bar itself is small. Basically a walk-in freezer with ice walls, benches, tables, and sculptures. Don't worry, they have a little fur mat on the seats so you don't give yourself hemorrhoids.The drinks come in ice glasses and they are delicious. Also, they don't let you bring in your camera/phone/electronics, so you can't take pictures of yourself inside. They do have their own photographer who will take your photos for a price. I recommend doing it, just so you have a picture of you and your friends drinking from the ice sculpture bust of the naked lady.
4	Very fun. Some upsell attempts for photos to be expected.
5	As soon as we found out there was a place like this in Vegas, we had to come. The concept of a bar set at -5 degrees Celsius and everything's made of ice (including your glass!) and we were there.All the drinks are vodka based drinks and most of the mixers are some kind of liqeur, due to the freezing point of liquids, so all the drinks are very strong. Almost too strong, but after the first drink or so you really don't care.We elected for the VIP package, which included 2 drinks, a fur coat, and a fur hat you can take with you. Extra drinks inside run you $12 per, but I managed to get an extra one since the bartender accidentally threw a glass at me when he put it on the counter (did I mention that both the bar and the glass were made of ice? Just slid right over at me!). We made it over an hour in here and saw several groups come and go in that time. The place is smaller than you think and everyone seems to congregate up by the bar, so there's always seating. A few adventurous guys took their shirts off and did shots from a naked woman ice sculpture to much hollering and screaming of the crowd.They make you put any cameras or cellphones in a locker before you go in, citing the "coldness" as a factor in not wanting stuff to freeze, but having sat at Bronco's games in 20 degree weather I can tell you you need a little more than that to freeze. But it's a way to get you to buy pictures, (which were included in the $75 VIP package), plus it's Vegas so you can't really blame them.It was a great time!
5	I loved this so much more than I thought I would. Sure I was intrigued by the entire bar made out of ice concept, but I wasn't sure if that was enough to really make it fun.  Well let me just say - it so is :) We went all out and got the fur coats and flapped hats and headed in.  The place is not huge, but there are several ice benches/tables that line the bar and ice scultpures that are sprinkled throughout the place.  The bar is at the front and it the center of action.  Let me tell you, put 30 or 40 people in a ice box and fill them with vodka drinks and let the good times roll :) Sure its pricey, but it a unique experience so I was willing to pony up the cash.  And we stayed a lot longer than expected (over an hour) so it seemed worth it.  Things to know:  They don't let you in with your phones/cameras (they say it is because of the cold, but lets be honest they want you to buy their pix).  They will give you a locker for all your stuff.  It is not really a normal full bar, they have their signature vodka drinks that you can order from. Still, it is a damn good time.  I would recommend to anyone from age 21 to 80!
5	Where else can you freeze your @$$ off on the strip?Excuse the pun, but it's cool to go.  You can go and pay for a certain special (nicer/warmer suits, including pictures, number of drinks included).  I had to get the one that included a picture to remember the happy memories of our drinking night.  They have clear liquors when doing the shots off ice statues and specialty drinks.Depending on when you get in there is how busy it'll be.  Depending on who else is there, will greatly result on how fun the place will be.  We were there when a bunch of girls were there for a party, so of course it was more festive. Word of advice: when knee deep in drinks, DO NOT leave, wait it out.  My friend learned the hard way that you can not go into a cold room (when already drunk) and then leave and try to come back.  You'll see why in the next morning.
3	i recommend it as something to do once. its cool seeing all the ice .the ice cups are neat. its damn cold in there. the drinks are not memorable but the place is.
3	So, while I love the experience, the lack of stars is for the chicks out at reception.  They were a tad shitty.Luckily I was there for the ICE BAR.  We opted for the VIP package because we wanted the coat n a pic- If you want a pic, thru them is the only way you're gonna get one, unless you're like the little a**holes who had a friggin camera in there n took pics!  We ordered our drinks, I got the....I forget!  Was a delicious vodka concoction served in an ice tumbler.  They prefer you use the same cup the whole time, which I understand as the cups are flown in from New Zealand, but C'MON!!  It's a beautiful bar, a little on the small side but it was cool, ha! No pun intended.It was fun though!  Everything was ice-I liked the ice tittay-louge!  They would've had one for the ladies tho!  I don't remember how long we stayed, when we got in there at 8:30 there was no one in there, it was a Wednesday nite but it livened up and we stayed longer than most.  Our reason for being there was a newbie to drinkings 21st birfday, or BARFday after we left there!  All in all, great fun.
4	$25 for entry into the "ice room" and a drink isn't too bad! The experience is fun! Since it was my birthday, I got two for one drinks! Arturo the bartender was super nice! No cameras allowed inside.There is only one photographer in there so you have to make an effort to get her attention. The pictures are pricey to purchase. You can access the pics online and purchase there. A screenshot of the pics are decent but there will be a water mark =) It was fun! I'd go again!
3	I never knew about this place, until my friend pointed it out to me when I told her about Red Square (Vodka Vault) was something I'd like to experience.I did my research on both, and it turns out that minus 5 is a lot more cheaper and easier to get into.  I like this place...it's something different. It's really cold - but it's just out of the ordinary.  I've been here twice and I'd go back again to bring my friends and family to experience something new.The price of drinks aren't too bad, it's pretty much just like what you pay for at a regular bar. The 2 times I've been here, the bartenders were really nice!GREAT EXPERIENCE, I toally recommend.
4	Went there way too early, and I apparently forgot to bring five blonde, drunk, loose sluts. Needless to say, Sarah and I had a great time watching the action as others didn't forget to bring their sluts to the spot. Half naked guys and girls in below freezing environs is the best!
3	Ok, this place is cool inside ... LOL ... get it?  But it's small and it's pricey to get into.  I mean, exactly how long can a person hang out in here without freezing to death?  They take pictures and then charge an arm and a leg for them.  Crazy.
4	This was like the adult version of my chilly childhood winters in Minnesota! My boyfriend and I visited on our trip to Las Vegas and we had a great experience. Yes, it is a little pricey, but we had our rationale for spending. First, everything is Las Vegas is spendy (ex. Spent $20 at Wendy's for the two of us. WTF! If I can spend that much at freaking Las Vegas Wendy's I can spend that much for a drink), so we thought it was okay to splurge for our vacation. Second, we figured it's not an experience that you get everyday! We both chose to get the lowest package, which was $25 for a coat, boots, gloves, and a drink. They also gave both of us free shots! The inside is absolutely amazing! It is smaller then I would have imagined, but I guess it would have to be smaller for the cooling system to keep it all frozen. We were the only two people there, which was a bit strange. It was nice because we could move around and look at everything, but no bar is complete without patrons. I think the bartenders made up for the lack of customers. They were awesome! One came out and did a handstand on the ice bench. They were both really laid back and they came out and sat with us and we talked all about monkeys and Guatemala (random). Plus the drinks that they made us were delicious! We both got drinks off of their menu, but we were told that they could make us whatever we wanted because they have a full bar, so I do not know why the other reviewers said that there are only a few drinks to choose from.  In the end we were both freezing our butts off (Literally! Those ice seats are cold!) A good tip: if you are trying to get drunk and are worried about the money, pay the $25 for the experience, have a couple of good drinks and a fun time (which is really the longest you can stay and still be comfortable anyway) and then just walk 50 feet to the Fat Tuesdays and get a yard long drink with 151 for cheap! That's what we did and it lead to an overall great time!
5	Bring your wallet!This place was DEAD when my wife and I showed up, and occasionally little groups of people would come in and then leave after 1 drink.Miranda was tending that night and made us some great drinks, and anything she didn't have provisions for in the cold bar she went and got from the warm bar. The fur jackets are cool, and we got free hats and a couple free pictures due to a promotion they were running that night.When my bank account recharges I'll go back.
5	Honestly the most fun we had in Vegas!! Its a lil pricey but honestly everything in Vegas is pricey and its cheaper then most cover fees at the clubs! We went to a bar in the Mandalay Bay first, got twisted on some margaritas and thennn went to Ice Lounge since you only get one drink with the 25$ admission price! If you do go make sure you check out the Ice Bar shots! Wicked cool, the poor the shot thru a huge block of ice and you catch it in a ice shot glass and take the shot! Its only 5$ for a shot also!! The music was pretty good and it was hilarious watching the pics people took, we went a lil risque with ours stripping down to our underware but like I said we were already twisted from the margaritas prior to going here lol!!
2	The Cocktails were good.Everything is made of ice, including the glasses.Even though I didn't pay for anything, I don't think I will ever come back.Minus 5 is a place where you want to visit at least once and check it off your list.
3	This was something I found on Yelp and sounded like a fun night out.  We were here for Valentines weekend and checked their website and saw they were running a special.  Both of us with upgraded fur coats entry for $50.   Make sure you check their site before going, and even once there we had to remind the lady there was a promotion going on.The bar was not that busy, we were two of maybe 10 other people in there, it is a small area, and everything is covered in ice.  We mostly wanted to go for the photographs and to say we did it, but unfortunately you can't take your camera inside.  Someone comes by and takes photos of you then when you leave you have the option of buying these photos online or there in person.  Just opt for online purchase as you can then print out whatever size photo you want and leave right then. Bar had an ice luge and drinks were tasty and served in an all ice glass.  Very expensive when you think all you are paying for is the theme, but it was on our to do list for Vegas so we didn't mind paying the premium.  One time experience if you ask me.
3	WARNING!!! Don't get the wrong idea, this place isn't small, its TINY!! I cant care any less about going to the zoo and taking pictures, that's just me.. but not everyones the same, so if you must, then prepare yourself to walk in for one drink, pictures, and leave.. Waste of money if you ask me.I would never come here again, not because it was a bad experience but because it was just plain boring, dumb, i felt robbed! (i laugh now) - Lol.. I went with about 6 people, a mix of guys and girls, but still left after one drink.. I didnt think it was going to be a full club or anything, but its vegas, so I expected to experience a "vegas type" -Ice Bar. Instead it felt like I walked into someones iced out garage! A few years back for New Years Eve, a friend of mine had an Ice Bar set up in his garage which was more impressive.. Being Vegas, I just expected a little more, or a lot more I should say..Ps. I don't see the point in upgrading to a fur coat or any other VIP services.. there's no one in there or any vip section lol
3	If you plan on visiting Minus5 Ice Lounge, you should definitely bring a lot of $$ because there are several packages that you could choose from. My boyfriend and I chose the lowest package which I THINK was $25 a person [I forgot] . This includes a jacket, booties, gloves, a drink, and a shot. I upgraded for an extra $20 because I wanted a fur jacket. LOL. I figured if theyd be taking photos, i might as well look fashionable, right ladies?You cannot bring any personal items in with you, especially cameras [it ruins the lens] . But a photographer comes in and takes as many photos of you as you want. HOWEVER, the woman at the front desk told me these photos would be available on Facebook [which means free]; however, they arent. You have to go to their website and purchase the photo for $20 each. [Kinda pricey for one photo!]The drinks were delicious; our bartender [forgot her name, so sorry!] was so friendly and nice; the photographer was very nice also.The place was a bit tiny though and gets a bit boring and COLD. LOL. We didnt stay long at all. I was shaking in my boots! But the fact that every little thing in there was made of ice is definitely pretty cool.Definitely recommended to check it out... however, I wouldnt plan your night around it.
5	Three friends and I came here Saturday afternoon, hoping it wouldn't be too crowded. It wasn't, we were in there about an hour and talked with a bunch of groups as they came and went. We had a lot of fun, the environment was amazing, and the bartender was a lot of fun, even giving us free shots. Thanks girl :)Overall, I think me and my girls will have to make this place a regular stop. It's a little pricey, but it's Vegas... what here isn't? And the drinks were super yummy.
4	I know it's obvious.. but this bar is REALLY COLD. I decided to wear jeans, and bring my own socks.. which was a great idea. My cousin and her friend both wore skirts and they were freezing their bottoms off. We got the $35 package, which included gloves, parka, boots and 2 drinks. However, we have to leave everything in the lockers, because no cell-phones and cameras were allowed. i wouldn't mind if they had a lot of cameramen. However, they ended up only having one and it was really hard to get any pictures. Also, each picture costs $20... so I pretty much had no picture at the bar. The inside was VERY COOL (literally.. HA!) The chairs and the walls were made out of ice. There was a polar bear sculpture which was just adorable. The cups were all made of ice, which kept my drinks very cold. The bartenders put an ample amount of alcohol in the drinks (my friend's cranberry vodka had like 50% vodka). It was a nice atmosphere in there. Everyone shared the few big seating areas.We couldn't stay very long because we were turning purple...I'd definitely come bak though..
4	Great staff. A little pricey but worth the experience
3	Well when you want alcohol to warm your belly, this is the place! I call this place FYAO...aka Freeze your ass off!. Its awesome!From the outside, it looks like a normal bar, on the inside, the minus 5 side, welcome to igloo ville.  Everything is made of ice. The drinks, the seat, the big ass bear that you see right when you walk in! I loved it. You sit back with the Parka, gloves, and boots that they give you with the $25 package, and you literally sit back and chill! Of course with our usual party crew we broke the glasses that they gave us by cheering Vegas so hard while my wife was eating the ice of another one. We lasted awhile and enjoyed every bit of it! Yelp peep, you have to roll by here when your making a Vegas run.
4	This place is definitely the epitome of excess and a perfect example of something that should not exist, especially in a desert.However.... a bar made of ice is awesome!  We decided we wanted to go in just because I've never seen this before and we were in Vegas, so why not?  For $35, we got coat/shoes/gloves rental and two cocktails inside.  Each cocktail is $10 after that, which isn't a bad deal considering I buy $10 cocktails at shitty bars in Chicago pretty regularly... sigh.  The bar is super cool... no pun intended.  Every single thing is made of ice.  I really liked drinking from a cup made entirely of ice as well as sitting on an ice bench covered in fur.  Awesome.  It starts to get pretty cold in there after about 45 minutes, so beware!My only gripe is you have to leave everything in a locker, including cell phones and cameras.  This place kind of operates like a ride at a theme park - they take your picture and you walk by the place at the end of the night where you can buy your photo but nothing is free.  We bought a souvenir photo, anyway, just so we could have it.  They're all available online as well.I'd say just go here... it's a fun and unique experience.
3	This was a fun place.  Entry is $25/person (although there are upgraded packages available) and it comes with a free jacket rental, glove rental, and one cocktail.  Very reasonably priced.As has been said numerous times, everything in this place, including the seats and the glasses, were made of ice.  The small lounge was kept at a consistent 23 degrees Fahrenheit (or, -5 Celsius), which may sound cold, but really, for at least some people, the free jacket was completely unnecessary (although given that the glasses were made of ice, the gloves are quite indispensable).  It was a fun place to check out, and I would definitely recommend going here at least once, but I do not anticipate ever coming back.
3	This is an extremely strange and expensive bar in the Mandalay Bay mall.  You walk into the front of the store and choose a package which includes a jacket, gloves, boots and one drink for $25 each.  They also have a package which includes 2 drinks for $35 and a VIP package which includes a picture and some other useless stuff.  You also have the option to upgrade to a fur jacket.  After you dress up in your Eskimo suit, they lead you to the back into a 32 degree room and then into the room with the freezing bar.  The freezing bar room is very cold (5 degrees Fahrenheit).  It is very cold, but not miserably cold--at least not in the time it took me to finish one drink.  They seem to specialize in martinis so our entire group had various sorts of martinis served in ice glasses.  The drinks were very good and the bartender was very friendly and helpful.   Vodka choices included in our $25 package included Absolute, Stoli or some house brand.  They had many more premium vodkas to choose from, but they were all extra, so I stuck with Stoli.  The bartender works in that room for a full 8 hour shift and has for 2 years.  There is no time limit so you can take as long as you want to finish your drink.  Or you can order more because they leave your credit card open until you leave the bar area.  The bar room was decorated in ice with windows allowing you to look out into the mall at the regular people not in our igloo.  It is cool and strange and I would recommend it, but I probably would not do it again.  It's a unique experience, but not worth the money to do it twice.  Plus it's really cold and I don't think I could stand to be in there for two drinks.  Drinks-4 stars, Ambiance-5 stars, Service-4 stars, Value-1 star.
3	Just stopped in for a quick drink at the front bar. Don't know why I'm even writing a review. It was cool, no complaints.
4	Minus-5. Good for the experience. Very nice drinks. Could not stay long because it was cold inside.
4	Pretty cool concept...a bar made with ice...glasses made of ice...seats made of ice...They sell packages starting at $25/person and it comes with jacket rental, glove rental, and a cocktail...the drinks are $10 thereafter.  They even gave us a free shot off shot glasses glued to a ski (everyone drinking had to drink at the same time).  You can't bring cameras and must leave your mobile phone in their lockers that they provide to you at no charge.  They take pictures for you and of course, ask if you want to purchase it upon you exiting.  Though you can look up the pics on their website at a later date.
4	As far as the actual concept and idea I would give this place 5 stars.  It's a neat place, and definitely worth checking out when you're in the area. However, the space is really small, and they don't automatically supply you with a hat and the ice was dripping on my head all night, so bring a hat with you or get the package that has one.  The drinks were "ok"  I'm not really into the kind of drinks they were doing. It's totally worth going here though just to check it out, especially if you've been walking around in the hot hot hot Vegas sun.
3	$25 gets you entrance/jacket/bootie/gloves rental and a cocktail =) i had the pina colada...delicious! it's a great escape from the 105 degree of murdering heat. photographer follows your every move you can sit as long as you please...or until your toosh hardens!
5	I HAVE SOME GOOD TIPS FOR YOU!This is a fun place. Must try it once! Sort of boring once inside, but the music decent  If you go on the weekends after 9pm be prepared to wait in line. You are not allowed to bring your phone/camera, however, people do sneak them in and take their own pics when the photographer steps out or isn't looking. Otherwise a single 5x7 costs $20. Look in the little book in taxi cabs for a coupon. Also, You can pre-purchase drinks when you purchase your ticket, good idea as the drinks are the size of a large shot and are pricey inside the igloo!
1	DON'T GO!!! Worst experience ever!!! You pay to get in and you get into the smallest bar ever. The drinks were bad and the bar tender was unprofessional!Music is low and boring. They don't allow you to take a picture inside the bar, they take a HORRIBLE picture of you (with a huge head room). Not only you can't use their bad picture, but they want you to buy it for $20, without printing! That place is just a waste of money and time! Nothing to do inside, we were there for 15 minutes max!DON'T GO!!! YOU CAN FIND BETTER PLACES IN VEGAS!
4	Met up with some friends here. Did not go to the actual Ice Lounge because we were not planning on staying long. Drinks were decent. The jukebox did not have the best selection of music. Our server was awesome. Real friendly and a pleasure to hang around with. The penguin was cool as well. Seemed like someone you could hang out with also. Would come back again. If we only had time to check out the actual Ice Lounge ...
2	How disappointing! After hearing about the concept for so long, when I finally got a taste of the ice bar, I was super disappointed. It was expensive ($35 entry fee) and tiny inside - the size of my closet! You go in, get a drink and come out. You don't even have ice bar stools or ice beer mugs! I would really suggest skipping this and spending the $$s elsewhere!
2	Insanity!It is a beautiful place to be, but drinks are nothing but suga and wata.I did not get drunk, insanity.
4	Came across this bar when we saw their advertisement posted outside of Mandalay Bay.  Decided to check it out thinking it would be super pricey.  Price might be different due to the fact that i went on a monday night...but i ended up paying $15.00 for entry in which they provide u with a coat and a pair of gloves.  After you walk into the bar u realize why u need the gloves and jacket...lol.  The bar is actually really small but def worth the experience.  The tables, seats and cups are made of ice.  Alcoholic drinks are a bit pricey but what do you expect.  For those that dont drink alcohol, if u get a coke itll quickly turn into slush in a matter of seconds.  Also NO CAMERAS or PHONES are allowed...if they see u sneak it in and try to take pics..theyll make u go outsideDef a place to check out...dont bother paying for the 45 dollar package...the only difference is u get one drink and a fuzzy hooded jacket instead of one that isnt hooded.
3	Went to vegas for my 21st birthday this past weekend and on my first night there, my cousin asked if I wanted to go out for a drink. Being 21 for 3 days and stuck at work just so I can have the weekend off doesn't leave time for me to take my now legal ID out for a spin so of course i said YES!I have heard of this place and was pretty interested. Yelped some reviews and people said that this was pretty small but upon arriving I was STILL surprised at how small it was. The place didn't have much people on a wednesday night. I would think that there would be more on a weekend? There were a couple packages to choose from but for my group we all just got the $35 for jacket gloves and shoes +2drinks.  The price isn't all that bad if you really think about it because at a normal bar in vegas its around 15 per drink already. Theres a locker that they provide for you to put your belongings in because they don't allow cameras or cellphones but its pretty easy to just sneak in.They had their house special drinks which I thought were interesting. The one I got tasted ok.. sadly I don't remember the name.. it was a bit on the weaker side for me. They also have a full bar so you can get whatever signature drink of yours. After sitting for a little more than an hour, we we're freezing and just finished our drinks and boned out. The whole experience was pretty cool... literally (get it? ahha xD jkjk im lame :P) I wanted to take the cup home for my little niece cause it was pretty cool.. but i probably would not come again. Just a place to have gone and experienced is enough for me.
4	The package we purchased was 35 dollars.  The package allowed us to rent a coat and gloves, and gave two vouchers for drinks.  We were not allowed to bring in our cell phones because they said our phone would freeze...  that's b.s., they have a person taking pictures in there, so they want one to buy the pictures the person is taking for 20 bucks.  The bar is rather small but I am defintely glad I went.  Everything is made out of ice which is really cool(no pun intended). They recommend a few alcoholic beverages with the voucher...  I was not a fan of them.  After the vouchers, I found out one can order whatever they want...  About an hour is all one needs in there but it is a good time and I would go there again.
4	Recently went to Vegas for me & my friends birthday. As we were walking around the shopping area between Luxor & Mandalay Bay, we saw the Minus 5 Ice Lounge. I read about these types of places, where practically everything is made of ice. My friend (and fellow Yelper, Robert G.) was generous enough to pay for me, my wife, and himself to enter the bar.We purchased a package that was $35 per person and included entry + jacket, boots, gloves, and 2 drinks. You can, however, just pay $15 for entry + jacket/boots/gloves.I must say, it's quite an experience. The room is very cool! (no pun intended). But it's also very small. I was expecting a little larger an area, but it's maybe the size of a large bedroom. The bartenders are nice. They had a menu with pre-selected drinks you could choose from. All the counters, seating, walls and chandeliers were made of ice. The seats are covered with furs so you don't literally freeze your a$$ off.A few of the more daring people sat with shorts and no shirt. Your drinks are served in short glasses made of ice. You really can't nurse your drinks for too long because eventually a hole will melt in your glass and spill your drink all over the floor. This happened to several people while we were there. The bartenders were kind enough to replace the drinks for free though.Another cool thing was an ice sculpture of a naken woman's upper torso which you can take shots from. The liquor gets poured down her shoulders, through a pre-drilled tunnel that exits out her breast nipples. YOWZA! Makes for quite the photo op.Speaking of which, there are no cell phones/cameras allowed in the Ice Bar. They'll provide you with a free locker to keeps them stored. Photographers will walk around and will take your pics, which can be purchased later on or viewed online.After you're done with the cold, exit to the Lodge Bar where you can buy your pics, merchandise or have a few more drinks while you warm up.The experience was great. I can't say it's worth the fee you have to pay to get in, but I'd recommend doing it at least once.
4	I always remind people that I am a California girl living in Las Vegas... anything below 70* and I am in trouble! So why the hell would I voluntarily go to a place called Minus 5 (as in, degrees Celsius; 23 Farenheit)?!For the experience, of course!Wanting us to have the ultimate experience, my date treated me to the VIP package... faux fur coats, big fuzzy hats (you get to keep the hat), gloves, and a keepsake photo. It also includes 2 drinks. As we had a reservation but still had to wait in line, they also comped us a free shot and moved to to the head of the paid-but-waiting line. We were given a quick run down of the place, a warning about cold and body temperature and alcohol, and asked to place our cell phones in a locker. We were then helped into our coats and gear and led into the ice lounge. Everything, and I mean everything, is ice. From the bench we sat on, the sculptures, the bar, the walls, the woman's bust from which a pretty blonde and I did shots (yay for new friends!)... Even the glass in which your drink is made is made of ice!It is SMALL, so be prepared to rub elbows and be social. This is not a place for the quiet and the shy. There is a photographer roaming around taking more than enough photos for everyone (one reason for  the locked up cell phones) and you can buy some on the way out or order them online.The service was really good, considering the small space they had for a bar and considering it was all walk-up service. No waitresses here. For a constantly busy and buzzing bar, the drinks came out fast and always with a smile.There is music and a penguin mascot, red noses, and smiles abound. I don't think we met anyone who wasn't really enjoying their time inside this fun and unique bar. The VIP package is $75 and you walk away with the hat, three drinks ($9 or so each), and a photo... in Vegas, that isn't bad at all. They have other packages, of course, starting at $15 for just the parka (nothing extra at that rate). There are four or five packages available, so there is something for every budget.I am looking forward to sharing this with others. A fun, memorable evening!
4	This is definitely a bar to stop at for the experience if nothing else.  Everything inside the bar is made of ice, from the "couches", to the chandelier, to the bar itself, even the glasses you drink out of. There are different packages to choose from, we went with the $35/person package, which includes entry, a jacket, boots, and gloves to borrow, and 2 drinks at the bar (which is pretty good considering the normal cost of drinks and cover in Vegas). You can't bring in cameras and cell phones, but they have a photographer walking around taking pictures and they post them online, so you can link them to facebook and stuff.  They give you a locker for your stuff. The room itself is pretty small, and I'm not sure what the capacity is, but it seemed pretty busy on a Friday night. I will definitely come back! :)
3	The Space: The space is beautiful. Most of the time, you're pretty much taking it all in and just touching stuff because it's pretty amazing. But, this place is tiny. Not that that's bad; its just that the pictures make this place look semi-big. I'm estimating 20 ft. wide... at the most. So basically imagine a long narrow room covered in ice with an ice counter table in the middle, ice "couches" on the sides and the ice bar at the end. But, that's pretty much the main purpose of going to this place; it's for for the "ice" experience.The Bar: Insane. Since the place is so narrow, it's kind of funny to watch people huddled like penguins by the bar waiting for their drinks. The service was kinda slow but that's expected. You get one glass made of ice, which I found hard as hell to drink from, and if you want another drink, you bring that glass back.The Staff: Okay, everyone needs to lighten the hell up. The only staff I got a good vibe from was the frikkin penguin that came out and the photographer (you can't bring gadgets inside; they have lockers for you to keep your items in).The Packages: Depending on the package you choose, expect to pay anywhere from $15 to $75. We got the $35 one but we should've just gotten the $15 because we were seriously there for 15 mins. The coat you get is this smelly, semi-damp jacket but the gloves are nice. The two more expensive packages have fur coats and stuff which, in my opinion, isn't worth it at all.The Crowd: I came here as a stop for a bachelorette party. It was kind of dead until (not to sound cocky) we got there. On the other hand, this place is more of a chill, hang out spot to go before you party hard later in the night so I understand if people we're going crazy. FYI: The floor is slippery so be careful. Also, props to homeboy who we got to strip down to his boxers in this ice box of a bar.
4	Cool place- literallyh. Everything is made out of ice even the cups which is pretty awesome. We went on a Thursday so it was $15 to get into the lounge, which included boots and a coat. you can also pre-purchase drinks which is good. only negative is you cannot take your own camera inside, but they do take photos of you inside, and offer to let you buy them when you are done. I just posted to facebook so that was worth it. Overall I woud totally try it once- I dont know about more than that. Its really small and a bit boring once you are inside, except for the photo taking.
4	About 10 of us went in at about 2am after my wedding.  Its kind of a bummer how much it is to get in, but we used coupons that we got on the street that day.  Look for the penguin and he will give them to you.  Since we just got married they let me and my new husband use the fur coats and everyone else got the regular ones.  We all had one drink inside and then used our free shot coupons.  They dont let you bring cameras and of course they take your picture and charge $20 for it.  Since it was a cute wedding night picture I got one.  Its not that cold inside if you have been drinking.  The bar area that is not in the cold room is also really good, and the bar tender was great.
4	Yes its a gimmick but I'm a sucker for something I can't do anywhere else. This is the ultimate solution to warm drinks or ice melting and making your drink watery.This place was my trial run for the ice hotel since I'm dying to go there. It's a not a giant space but literally everything is made of ice...bar, tables, chairs even glasses. Once you have the coat on its really not that cold and the seating areas are covered with deer skins.Basic entry is $15. They have you store your phone/camera in a locker outside and then have a photog inside so they can sell you pics at $20 bucks a pop afterwards. Entry comes with use of a coat/gloves and upgrade to a fur coat/boots/hat package is available.Drinks were $10 each and were pretty good. I would definitely come back and have a drink or 2 next time I'm in town although it isn't somewhere I would want to make a night out of.
5	Amazing... Just goGet the fur coat package, it is worth it.  Get a picture taken as you will be telling people about the experience.  Met wonderful people from all over just enjoying the experience and vodka drinks....
3	Very cool place. The price is not cheap but experience is very neat. 2 people with 2 drinks cost almost $60. No camera and phone are allowed, and they have photographer to take picture for you and each photo costs $20. Inside is pretty small but everything is made with ice (including the glass). If you never been there before, I would recommend it.
5	I love it. I'd pay $15 to sit in a -5degree room anyday, it's an awesome experience you just have to do one day.The staff is totally nice, the price includes basic coat, boots, and glove rental.Drinks inside are $10 (yes in cups of ICE, use 2 hands!) and DELICIOUS. Maybe the best cocktail creations I had on the strip (the Snowflake and Iceman). The photographer gets amazing looking photos inside the room, and she'll snap quite a few as your stay goes on if it's not too crowded. I saw a group take a shot off a ski, 5 shot glasses spaced out on a board, of course they had to all take it at once haha.The room is beautifully designed, not just some freezer, beautiful textures, and the chairs are ice, with fur skin for you to sit on. Lots of things to take pictures with, like a las vegas sign, and there was a naked lady torso, you could take your shot through, made of ice sucking on the... you know.$20 for photos, steep but average on the strip, and the photos are great quality, somehow I look photoshopped and I was freezing and thought I looked pretty miserable in there.
5	I love this place. I guess I'm a little bias since we used the picture we bought as a Christmas card (great gift idea BTW). It's $15 entrance fee but if you have someone else with you they can buy the one for $35 and they get 2 free drinks and you can share. We weren't able to last more than 15 minutes since it's literally -5*. But they do give you gloves, coats and some booties. The entire place is made of ice, the chairs tables even the bar where they mix the drinks. It's worth checking out and they now have another one open at Monte Carlo.
5	ok me n my wife in for the vip experience, paid too much but hey it was a good experience...wouldnt go again
5	This is a neat little bar located inside of the Monte Carlo Hotel. I've been in below zero degree weather before during my time in Chicago, so I knew what to expect temperature wise and it is COLD.The entire bar is made out of ice. Even the glasses that you drink out of are made of ice. If you're real slow in drinking, the ice may shatter as it slowly melts, thus ruining your drink. The chairs and even the tables are made out of ice. They do supply you with a coat and gloves so of course you won't be literally freezing your balls off.The drinks were okay and reasonably price. The crowd was fun and good-natured compared to the typical Vegas crowd. All in all, I wouldn't mind returning here.Minimum entry fee is $15.
1	The experience started off right and ended horribly. The drinks were wonderful and my husband and I had the place to ourselves! However, we declined for the photo option and that's when things went from happy to horrible. The photographer kept moving us around so other people could sit in our seats for their pictures. We didn't mind the first time but after 4 times we left. This is a lounge bar right? Why is a paying customer being forced to move around? Is it someones wedding day? When we got out we politely voiced our concern. The photographer didn't even value our feedback and said "Oh thats alright, moving around keeps you warm!". The cashier didn't even offer to get a manager. This was $75! I emailed the owner and asked for a 50% refund. He acted like he couldn't do it. You're the owner correct? Don't you have the power to change your place for the better? He offered a VIP pass the next time we could come. Ok, so in 1-2 years, if he's not on vacation that week then and only then might then be taken care of! What makes a person think we wanted VIP pass if the first time wasn't resolved in the first place?!
3	Late nights here, but not in the ice room.After wandering the strip and partying up at a wedding Minus Five ended up being the late night place at the Mandalay that we would all end up at. While the drinks were good, and the service was spectacular they almost scammed us for 5 extra shots (at $10/shot).  My friend paid for them upfront, and then they showed up on the tab! We're drunk...but that NOT that drunk....that was so not cool.  I'd like to think this was an honest mistake....but I have to point this out. If I hadn't been hanging out with a bunch of Hawaiians, I think I would hung out in the ice bar.  Maybe next time I'm at the Mandalay.
3	My mother and I came here when we were staying in Mandalay Bay and it was fun just to say you did it but it's nothing too special. The bar is a lot smaller then I thought it would be. Also, it's a bit pricey, actually very pricey. We got a deal where we both got to go in for $75 which included a souvenir hat and picture. You are not allowed to take any electronics in with you so beware of that if you choose to go in and not purchase the package with the picture.True to it's name it's very cold in there. We could only stand it for about half an hour even though they give you jackets to wear. Also, it gets loud, the music is club/techno and seems to really echo off the ice walls. The drinks were so-so but having them served in a glass made of ice was pretty awesome. Overall it's a gimmicky Las Vegas thing to do, but one worth doing if you have the time and money.
4	Great idea. Should let you take in cell phones or cameras for snaps.
5	Love! Everything in beautiful ice?!  The staff is amazing, the drinks are fruity and delish. This has to be my fave bar in Vegas. If you are a first timer get the awesome russian hat!  They come in super cute white for girls and grey for guys. Once the alcohol is flowing it's not that cold inside. Cheers!
4	I had a good time here despite reading all the yelp reviews before coming. If you've never been to an ice bar, def check it out. The bar is small, but bigger than I expected from reading other reviews. It's not very wide but it is long. The bar is at one end and there are seats along one side and 2 benches at the other end. We stayed in there for a good hour before it got too cold. An hour doesn't sound like much time, but trust me, it is. We got the package for 2 with jackets and 2 drinks. I thought the fur coat upgrade was a waste of money. It's also cheaper to purchase the drinks before you go in if you're planning on drinking. They also let me borrow some uggs with disposable socks since I had flats on. They have a no cellphone/camera rule but I did see one guy in there with one. They have a photographer that pops in and out every now and then. The photos are posted online though and you can save them if you don't mind a "do not copy" watermark on them. Or you can purchase them for a somewhat steep price. Overall I had a good time and I would come back.
4	I had heard about this bar before going to Vegas this past weekend and was so excited to stumble across it in Mandalay. It's so novelty you can't pass up the opportunity to check it out. So we opted for the $35 package that included the coats, gloves and boots (which I didn't need) and two drinks. I felt like such a dorky tourist walking into the ice bar going "ooh" and "ahh" and looking around with such a dorky look on my face but it is so awesome when you first walk in. I really didn't think it was that cold when I first walked in. I ordered one of their drinks, which came in a cup made of ice!!, and it was pretty good. We found a seat since the place wasn't that crowded and less than half way through my first drink my hands started to hurt from being so cold, even with the gloves on! Once we found out we can use our free drink passes at the outside bar called The Lodge, we knocked back our drinks and head outside.The outside bar wasn't crowded either and we sat right at the bar. And honestly the only reason we returned the next night for drinks were the two bartenders at this part of the bar. Robert and Rodrigo were probably the best bartenders I've ever come across. They do the flar stuff, tossing bottles around but they both make GREAT drinks!! We let them just make us whatever they wanted and the drinks were great and just what we asked for; both guys kept us entertained and laughing both nights we spent there (Rodrigo even taught us some choke holds lol). The cherry on top of this drunken sundae is that this place has a jukebox!!! I plan to stop by here (the outside bar not the ice bar) the next time I'm in Vegas. What more could a girl want out of bar: hot bartenders, strong drinks and a jukebox :]
4	This was a great experience.  A bit pricey but worth it.
5	I had a great time here! The service was awesome! This place is as cool as it gets. Minus 5 degree celsius cool (bahaha. Pun nudge!) Offerings:$15 for parka, gloves, and boot rental with entry$35 for parka, gloves, boot rental, entry, and two drink tickets.You can have the option to upgrade for a cute fur coat and hat (option of black or white). For this occasion, they let my sister wear a fur coat for free since it was her birthday! Thumbs up for making her feel special!The service is amazing. They hype you up and let you enjoy your experience to the fullest! The servers and bar backs have so much enthusiasm and they interact with you so much when your inside.The venue is small inside but the ice decor is just so cccooooolll. They have an ice snowman and elf sculpture that you can take pictures in. They also have a photographer. No charge for sitting at a table, and their cups are made of ice! Yes! You can eat your cup (depending on how much you trust the ice...you can eat it. I did, and I lived to tell the tale and write this review!)The song selection is amazing! A mix of house, soft rock, top 40, hip hop, r&b and more. Sounds like my Pandora stations! Me like!Cool fact is that they change the layout every three months, but no complaints here! I love variety!**only downside is you can't bring your cellphone or your camera here. Sorry guys. You can't Instagram the awesome bar inside, but it does leave more room for conversation! No cellphone stragglers here!It's a fun experience that I recommend. YOU MUST TRY this place when you come to Vegas. Perfect for birthdays or bachelor or bachelorette parties! I can't wait to go back!
3	This place is too hype up for me.  The last time I was here there was an ice sculpture at the front where the bartender served drinks through it and you can watch it slither down the maze into your shot glass.  About 2 years later (now) there are SKYY Vodka infused icee type of drinks at the front... and the lady at the front said I could sample as many as I want when the bartender gets there... but he never made it there.$15 Entrance fee: You get a pair of gloves, a coat, and boots. You're pretty much paying money just to "walk into a huge freezer" like another Yelper describes it.   To me, if you've been to a county fair in CA, it's extremely similar to their ice exhibits.  Here in Vegas, it's a tiny room, everything is made of ice and they have fur covering the seats so your clothing doesn't stick to the ice and so your body temperature doesn't melt the ice. Our bartender served us our drinks, which were pretty darn tasty (I presume the place is sponsored by SKYY Vodka?) and we saw this other couple smash their cups after they were done like  Thor did in his movie.Anyway, soon after 15 minutes or so had passed and it was getting too cold to bare, we quickly gulped down our drinks to get outta there.  The other negative point here is that YOU CANNOT TAKE PICTURES! OMG... it was killing me softly inside.Props to the person who came up with this idea though. Small ice room. Tiny crowd. Quick drinks. Poof, they're outta there before you could say, "Hey, how's it going?"
5	Wanted to go here with some friends and my husband. My husband said we probably wouldn't stay long because it's so cold. When we got there everyone was so nice and explained all the different packages. We got parkas to where along with boots and gloves. Walking into the actual Ice Bar was simply amazing! Literally everything is made of ice from sculptures, benches, tables, walls, chandeliers and the cups. The drinks were made very well and we even got to buy a picture of us inside. Definitely a memorable experience! Only slight down side which didn't bother us too much was no cell phones or cameras allowed inside...they give you lockers for those and the chandelier above us was slightly dripping. But considering all the positive aspects I would definitely give this place 2 thumbs up! Can't wait to go back again. It was such an awesome experience!
3	Ok I have to give them props...it is an awesome idea and I am glad that I paid the fee to go because it was a cool experience....BUT and a big BUT....I would never go again. It is a tourist activity, not a bar type that you would actually hang out in (and not just because of its freezing temps).My friends and I had fun lounging on the ice stools and drinking from our ice glasses, and of course the parka and boots were fun too!
3	Place is cool, literally.  It's kind of small and it's expensive.  I laughed as I could go to be that cold to a football game all bundled up and tailgate :)  It's good for an experience, but not a place to go regularly.  Need how they have "ice" glasses and all the ice furniture.
4	Def a cool experience to check out once, but not somewhere you'd likely return.  Vodka Drinks are all made from Skyy Vodka which does not impress me, but drinking out of ice cups was something I wish could be duplicated elsewhere.  So neat!  Definitely worth checking out if you don't mind spending $50 pp for entrance and 1 drink.
3	This bar is largely a gimmick, but if you go into that knowing it, you can still have a good time here. They sell you on packages and of parka rentals and drinks then make you leave all your possessions in a locker (it made me feel like I was at a roller rink rather than a bar) before entering. It seems to make more sense to buy a package rather than paying for drinks ala carte inside.   The glasses made of ice were amazing; I want them at my house! The drinks were ok, but nothing fantastic. The photographers offering to take pictures made it feel a little cheesier, but no more so than the grift shop that's about as big as the bar that you have to pass through on the way out.  You won't doubt for a second that you are in a tourist bar, but there's a time and a place for that. The funniest part was the bartender who was fielding some ridiculous questions with great tact: "How do you wash these glasses?!" a customer asked incredulously. "Hot water" he said, stone faced. "You reuse them?!" she responded. "No we, wash them down the drain".
3	So a group of us from work decided this would be a unique and fun place to have a team building. First off, this place is expensive but they do have a locals discount of $5 off, bonus! We got all suited up in our boots, jackets, and gloves. The jackets are giant and I was very surprised that they didn't have a more petite version for us smaller girls, but once I got inside I was happy it was long enough to keep my legs warm. Also, the gloves are pretty darn worthless, but at least you can pick up the drinks served in the ice cups. I was beyond disappointed when they told us that we couldn't bring our phones inside, ummm half the reason I wanted to visit was for the pictures. This was seriously bogus and if I was paying I would have turned around and left for sure. So we entered the actual ice bar and I must say it was very unique and also pretty darn cold! It was really cool that they had tons of ice sculptures set up to take pictures, if only I had my phone! There was an ice picture frame, a Michael Jackson statue, a face in hole style elf and Santa, and a giant polar bear. There was a really nice woman who kept coming and going taking pictures. She was very accommodating, since we were pretty crazy and had some interesting requests. There was also a man in a penguin suit who came in randomly and he was also super accommodating with our outlandish requests. They do a really good job of making it really interesting inside and I enjoyed the small touches like the ice chandeliers. They have specialty "ice" cocktails which were pretty delicious. They also have an ice luge in the shape of a woman and your shot comes out her nipples. I found it mildly disturbing that people put their mouth on it...unsanitary much? The bartender wiped it with a napkin but that isn't an alcohol pad which would have made me more comfortable. Since it is cold inside you really don't end up spending more than 45 minutes in the bar. Once we got outside and retrieved our belongings from our locker, we were presented with our pictures. I was completely in shock when they quoted $20 for one picture!! Are you serious?! This was definitely a fun and inventive bar, but they seriously gouge you in every way possible. I am sure it costs a lot to keep that place cold, but not letting people take pictures when the entire bar is set up for pictures is quite ridiculous in my book.
1	A bar that charges you $15-$45 to get in and won't allow you to take pictures, but then charges you $20 a photo? FAIL
3	Hip, sleek, combed with ice sculptures. The Minus 5 sounds like an indie rock band that would play at Coachella. But no, it's an ice lounge that is spiked with high prices, serves exclusively vodka, and sports a staff of bartenders that are so high in energy I wonder if they have an IV of Red Bull hooked up to them. When you enter Minus 5, they give you boots, gloves, and a fluffy sweater. After I threw all of the aforementioned items on, I felt like Kurt Russell in "The Thing." They also clip your wings by taking your camera away from you. Minus 5 employs a professional shutterbug that takes pictures for your convenience - or lack thereof - since he often treats the customers like a marionette. "Try this move!" "Get in front of this!" "Make a growly face like you're a kodiak bear in heat!" Dude, I just want to drink my vodka cocktail with its seven adjective name. Beat it. I enjoy Minus 5 because there's always one old person who suits up in a feathery coat, roams over to an ice bench, and begins to let their eyelids close. I don't know if this means they're relaxed or dying from the temperature in the room. I also like the fact that everything is basically made out of ice. It's like "The Day After Tomorrow" cosplay. Minus 5 is pretty fun, kitschy, moderately expensive. It's one of those, "I did this once, but I have no desire to do it again" things. Like visiting the world's biggest ball of yarn or drunkenly making out with someone you feel indifferently about.
4	I don't even remember why we decided to go here...but we did and it was a hit w/ the out of town friends.  We came here twice with friends & family from Chicago and Arizona.  They were very impressed w/ the place!!  The price is alright.  But, would I pay $30+ to hang out and freeze my butt for fun...no I would not.  You get black fury boots, thin gloves, jacket and 2 drink tickets.  When I first walked in, I was really impressed.  It was bright, had a bar, bar counters and seats.  After a while, it gets cold.  And the music they play is not the kind I really listen to...I believe it's house music?   Overall it was a good experience...a must see in Vegas.  We would definitely come back to show more friends from out-of-town...only because it's different.
3	Don't get me wrong, this bar is definitely worth going to once. But once and briefly. It's a great idea and very well executed. However, it is extremely expensive and freezing. My boyfriend was fine in pants but I was in a dress with tights and yes I could have dressed better for this bar when when you can only stand to be there for about half hour - one hour, you're not going to plan your whole outfit around this one place. I'm glad I saw it, but I wish it was more affordable and set up to be more of a regular place than a tourist attraction because it would have been cool if it were a bit more crowded.
5	My wife and I had some time to kill between lunch and an appointment at The Palms, so we thought we'd check out Minus 5.  What a great decision!When you arrive you choose a package, then suit up in a jacket, gloves, a hat if it's part of your package, and boots if you don't have the shoes that'll work.  I don't recall the exact package pricing now, but as I recall it's something like $30 - $85 depending on what kind of jacket and hat you want, if you want a picture or not, and how many drink cards you want.The drink cards sounded pretty corny at first, but they end up being a lot easier to handle than cash is once you're in -5 C.Once you're dressed appropriately, you're escorted through a copule freezer doors into the ice bar itself, so awesome inside!Lots of great ice sculptures and even the glasses are made of ice!  Very cool bartenders too, Nick was great!The wife and I had a great time, definitely going back.
4	Another crazy and unusual bar.... wait..... I take it back, is Vegas!!!!  Very fun concept for a bar!!!
3	This place is built for tourists to experience something different.  As a local, I love to find these places and keep them in the back of my mind for when we have family and friends in from out of town.First thing to note, this place is built for tourists so it is pricey and they try to upsell every portion of your visit.  Entry fee, coat rental, drinks, photos, souvenirs; they are trying to get into your wallet from the first moment.  Trust me it is easier to defend that wallet before your stint in the freezer because between the cold temperature and the alcohol I wasn't exactly thinking clearly  by the end.  The one major drawback is that there is no convenient restroom.  I know there can't be one in the freezer, but running across the shops at Mandalay in stupid fur coat and Russian style comrade fur cap does not coincide with $100 bar experience
3	This place is small inside but really unique. Avoid the signature drinks-too sweet! Overall this is a good value for a one-of-kind experience. Go with a group.
2	This is the type of place you can say "yeah I've been there" and then never return to again. Despite the mixed reviews I have seen on here, I knew I wanted to check out Minus 5 at least once.First of all, we had two coupons for two free shots. We gave them to the cashier and she never gave us our "free shot chips" to bring inside the freezer. So we had to ask another lady for them. This same lady asked us where we were from. We told her we were from Vegas and she said "Oh really? Did you get your locals' discount?" Ummm what? Even after having our NEVADA ID's checked at the front, we were not told anything about a local's discount.The inside was fairly small, but it must be tricky/expensive to keep the place so cool. Everything was made of ice, including our glass.There was an ice sculpture of a naked woman, which is where you get your shots. Actually you are supposed to take your shots out of her nipples. With everyone sucking on this ice sculpture's nipples we decided to skip our shots. Gross!However the bartender and photographer were really cool. They were both really friendly. The bartender was even doing tricks with the bottles of alcohol.It was a cool experience to do once, but not again.
2	I came here with my girlfriend for her 21st birthday. It immediately appeared to be a tourist trap to me, but we had the money to blow and I couldn't say no to a girl on her 21st!So keep in mind that this place charges up the butt to even get inside. So if you plan on coming here, be sure to bring a fat stack of money. When we were all paid and were about to be fitted for coats and etc, I asked the woman if it would be okay to bring my glasses in. Because I assumed it was -5 FAHRENHEIT. She said "Oh, yeah, I don't know." Are you kidding me? She did not know? They tell us we are not allowed to bring in electronic devices or cameras as a precaution. It was all kind of weird to me and it raised a red flag. The woman also did not give me boots but said my shoes would be fine, but I was wearing shorts. If it was super cold why was I being allowed in with shorts? But I was still pretty disappointed because I did take my glasses off as a safety measure, and I wear glasses for a reason. I couldn't see much when I got in. So when you get inside you immediately notice that it was not -5F but probably -5C, which is 23 degrees. The other thing I immediately noticed was it was a very small area. It was packed with people, but that's because it was SMALL. There was probably only ten people inside plus myself and my girlfriend. The drinks were pretty good but not to die for. I had friends who had came to this bar a couple of years prior and they had pictures of them taking shots out of the nipples of an ice sculpture with boobs. If I could get a picture doing that I probably would have left pretty satisfied. But I did not see the same sculpture and started to think that luxury was discontinued (or probably because I wasn't wearing my glasses) and the woman taking pictures was in and out and COMPLETELY ignored us. My girlfriend was wearing a sparkling tiara that said "21", you'd think they'd pay more attention.Also, the gloves you wear were not sufficient enough at all. My hands were frozen pretty quickly from the ice cups they give everyone. So if you come here be sure to set the cup down as much as you can to warm your hands and fingers back up.We left after being inside for about fifteen minutes. After all we both went in knowing this place was a gimmick but I didn't find it to be particularly fun or worth the money.This bar is NOT that cold, your electronic devices will not be destroyed if you bring them in and keep them stored in your warm and toasty pocket. They just want to charge you extra money for a picture. If you can, sneak in a camera and someone with a steady hand and turn off the flash so the staff doesn't notice. Someone snuck in a digital camera while I was there and nothing happened to them. I've noticed other people saying they charge $20 for a picture taken by their photographer (yet their higher end DSLR and lens does not get destroyed by the temperature). So really it seems to be more of them worrying about their own profit then the well-being of your electronic devices.Overall, I will not be back and I will not recommend.
5	Niceeeeeeee & Coldddddddd Super Place Very Cool
4	Pretty cool! They have something somewhat similar here in Los Angeles. Anyways, made some winnings, my friend wanted to go in so why not? Does it cost too much? Yeeeeeah, but it's Vegas and they need to pay the bills. Got a cute fuzzy hat to keep. Can use in the winter for Big Bear, so yay! Inside is truly awesome. Sooooo loved the fish tank with the jelly fish, so very cool! Bar tender was so friendly and kind too. He saw it was going to be my birthday in a few days and gave us birthday shots on the house. The drinks were super yummy too! We got sucked into buying photos, but why not? Vegas winnings paid for it anyways! Totally friendly staff , which is a total plus. I will go back, even if I don't win at the slots. It's worth it!
5	Heh, What can I possibly say that hasn't been said already?  It is a truelly wonderful experience to step in this room and be as chill as a fish stick. The drinks are weak but taste pretty good. I reconmend have a few drinks and chill in, but don't spend too much there.
4	Watermelon freeze was amazing! Great service!
3	This place was pretty cool, since everything is made of ice including the cups you drink in, but it's definitely a tourist trap. We paid $15 each to get inside, not including drinks, and no cameras or phones are allowed inside the bar itself. We paid $20 for one picture once we got out, and we spent a total of 20 minutes inside before we started freezing. There's not much to do inside, just a bar and an ice sculpture, and 3 photo-op locations. Their photographer takes pictures for you. It was a cool experience, but too expensive for such a tiny place!
3	Boo!!  THIS IS A TOURIST TRAP!  I made a 9:30 reservation and we got there at 9:25.  Waited in a 3 person line and when it was our turn the hostess helped a group that had walked up and stood over to the side before us!  I stepped up and said excuse me but we where first and we have a reservation (the other group did not have a reservation).  And she basically told me to keep waiting while she helped the other group!!  The only reason we were concerned was because we had tickets for House of Blues to see Steel Panther and I wasn't missing them for ice.  Finally she decided to help us and then tells us we need to wait for 15 mins.  I threw a fit because it was 9:50 and we had missed our reservation time standing in line.  After throwing a fit they let us right in.  Before you go in they take your camera because they supposedly have their own photographer and they want you to buy the crazy overpriced photos. OK this room is the size of a basic hotel room.  It has some ice sculptures, fine.  The drinks are mediocre.  The photographer took like 2 photos and when I went to take a shot of vodka off the ice sculpture and wanted a photo of it the photographer was no where to be found.  We got out of there as soon as possible.  It cost us $60 for 2 people and like a 20 minute experience.  It was just stupid!
1	LAME, if you want this experience then go to a grocery store meat locker with a bottle of jack, it will be cheaper and more fun.
1	Quite possibly the easiest way to loose $40 in 20 minutes aside from the casino tables. I give this bar credit for being quite unique with LED uplighted ice sculptures around, but the back patting stops there. There's only a limited number of people allowed at this club at any moment due to the very small area. The problem is, the whole purpose of a club is to BE with other people. There are no beers served in this bar and only a limited number of overpriced foo foo drinks with HFCS laiden mixers. Ladies, skip this bar if you want to show that dress off, odds are, you'll be too cold to take off your parka and gloves for to long in your 25 minute stay at this bar.
5	This is one of the coolest places that I have ever been to!
2	It's interesting for about fifteen minutes. It's freezing and pretty cool how everything really is made of ice but you aren't allowed to take in any cameras or phones so u have to pay for the pics that they take. I paid $35 for entry and two drinks but they make their drinks with barely any alcohol so it was a waste of money. Even when I asked the bar tender to pour a little more vodka in it because it's really weak they refused. Also I went in with a group of girls...we were the ONLY ones in there! Like i said...it's only interesting for the first fifteen mins.
1	If you don't feel like reading my entire review, let me just summarize it here, SAVE YOUR $$ and MOVE ON! MINUS 5 SUCKS HOT @$$!  Thanks for ruining my 30th Birthday!I had high hopes for this place but was utterly disappointed over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.I wanted to do something different in Vegas for my 30th birthday so I told all my friends that I wanted to go to the Minus 5 Ice Lounge...MISTAKE #1.  Once we arrived, we were told that we have to pick a package to enter this place.  The prices range from $15-$75.  We opt for the $37 package which gave us a parka, gloves and 2 cocktails.  Before you head in there they ask you to put your cell phones and electronics into a locker...had I know what I know now I would've snuck my camera in...MISTAKE #2.  Once everyone was ready to go inside they run down the rules of this place.  Once you're finally inside...one word...CROWDED and small!! if you hate tight and cold spaces, this is def. not the place for you.  The bartender was probably the best thing in that place he had hooked it up at the bar with an extra shot.  So after my 2 cocktails were done...I was still waiting to take a group picture for my birthday.  Something to save the memories of coming here.  The camera girl, MARY, came around took our photo but then said that the flash wasn't working properly so she would go and fix it and come back.  10 mins later, MARY, came back in the room but does she come to take our photo? NO! she starts to take photos of people who JUST GOT THERE?!  How are you going to tell a paying customer you will be back and then not do what you said?!  Finally, she came back around to us and once again...FLASH IS OUT?!?! WTF?!?!  MARY, tells us the same BS again, oh it's broken I'll be back.  10 more mins after she comes back once again she does the SAME BS!  I didn't mind that she had to go fix her camera but wtf if you say you're going to come back, then fucking COME BACK.  this time, instead of coming straight to us for our photo, once again...the B goes and takes a photo of another couple who just got in who sat next to us.  MARY, even has the nerve to tell me to GET OUT OF THE WAY! are you F-ing kidding me?! that was the last straw, in my mind MINUS 5 was dead to me.We complained to the General Manager Marc...DONT BOTHER! it's like speaking to a broken record.  Def. does not know customer service and def. should be retrained in it!!  While we were speaking with the manager outside the stupid bar, MARY even bumped her dumb@$$ against me.  Really? Really?!  I must say, don't come here unless you're white because if your'e asian...they don't take the likes to your kind!
4	This was a fun place to try at least once - we got the "Fur Coat Package" ($55/person) which gives you entry to the ice bar, 1 cocktail, a fur coat, gloves, boots (if you're wearing sandals), and a hat that you get to keep (stocking cap or Russian hat - hats with ears are $5 more).  As other reviews said, you can't take anything inside (they have free lockers for your stuff), and there's a person that walks around and takes pictures of you while you're hanging around the bar (you can buy 1 photo for $20, or 3 for $40 - they're also available online so you can buy them later or post a free thumbnail to Facebook).  There is no time limit, you can stay as long as you want, but you start to get really cold around 30 minutes.  We went around 1pm on a Friday and it wasn't super crowded (but it is a small bar).  Yes it's expensive, and yes it's a tourist trap, but hello - this is VEGAS!  Like I said, it was super fun and I'm glad we tried it.
1	Have you ever asked someone to do something for you and they respond with "when hell freezes over!" Well then come on down to minus 5 degrees! Because it's hell and its frozen over.  Let me tell you the "delightful" treatment that hell provides for you:1. Got money to throw away? GREAT!! HELL WILL TAKE ALL OF IT AS YOUR COVER CHARGE TO GET IN! We paid $300 for our group!  (note:  an arm and a leg is required as part of your cover charge.)2. Love to dress up for fun occasions? EXCELLENT! BECAUSE HERE IN HELL THEY PROVIDE DIRTY JACKETS AND DISGUSTING BOOTS!.... for an extra charge of course (and you must provide a virgin to sacrifice.) 3. Love sardines?? Awesome!!!! As you enter into the ice bar you get the luxury of finding out what sardines feel like when they're getting canned! WOOHOO!!4. Love alcoholic drinks? FANNNNTASTIC! Here in hell they have the most excellent cocktails. They taste like shitty juice that has no alcohol in it... where's the alcohol you might ask? Well it's just soo darn good you can't taste a drop of alcohol in there because there probably isnt any in there5. See the alcohol behind the bar?? :GASP: SKYE VODKA! Best damn vodka in hell! Lookin for something  better tasting? EXTRA CHARGE and your mother!6. Meet the devil himself in hell! He's the general manager! Lucifer, who goes by marc at Minus 5, will provide you with the crappiest customer service ever. YAY!!!  7. In hell NO ELECTRONICS ARE ALLOWED! Instead the devil's minion, camera girl mary, goes around taking pictures of people so that you can pay $20 plus your first born son for ONE picture. But wait! Devil minion camera girl mary doesn't want to take pictures of asians! So sad too bad guess you asian folk can't have a $20 picture of your memorable time in hell :'(Enjoy your stay in hell!
1	not worth it.
2	Great concept, just hate that they nickle and dime you for everything! I think paying an entrance fee when they know clearly well that you won't be spending a whole lot of time in freezing cold is ridiculous. Pictures? No cameras or phones. That will cost you. On the bright side, you can go to their website and jack the pictures for your FB page. Drinks aren't cheap either, but at least they're about $10 each when you buy a package upfront.
1	Drinks, service, management, photographer, and attire. All the above sucked....enough said. Plus they're pretty much racist. Not worth the entrance fee!.
4	Awesome place!!!! After a dinner, and hitting couple of clubs we went to the ice bar. We got the VIP tickets with came with nicer furs and photos too. Loved the experience!!! It was so fresh to be in a chill and cold place!!! It is a novelty so don't expect a huge place - it is small on the inside but with plenty of space to hang out, take shots, and photos too!  Two of us had fun - we only stayed for about an hour but it was enough to enjoy ourselves!!!!
4	This place is pretty fun, but not a place you'd hang out for too long.Obviously, you go for the cold, since otherwise it's just a small, uncomfortable bar. That said, the friendly staff make the most of it, and some of the specialty drinks they can make for you are pretty good (all including variations of Skyy Vodka). Even the glasses are made of ice, which makes things a little more interesting. One of my friends did a little experiment to see how long his glass would last once he got out into the mall (a bit warmer than the bar), then outside in 100+ degree heat. All this while drinking beer from the glass. You obviously know how it ends.The common package gets you two drinks inside, but if it's a special occasion, perhaps buy your friend a shot or two and sit back and watch the creative way they must drink them.Also note that you are not allowed to bring in electronics of your own, so you can't take pictures. But, of course, they do have photographers (like at amusement parks and sporting events) that will take a bunch of pictures, and after you exit the bar you can review them and buy any that you liked. If you're looking for something different, this definitely is, but just don't plan a whole afternoon/evening around it.
2	Located in the Monte Carlo, this is a tourist trap of the highest caliber. First they will get you in by offering you a free shot. Once at the entrance they tell you it is $15 to get in, and you can't bring your cellphone inside. And here is the reason, they claim that some people like to strip down to their skivies and have their picture taken by the "professional" photographer inside, and they don't want you to take their picture and post it to Facebook or wherever, Oh and they also gave me the bogus claim that the heat generated from the cell phone would melt the ice inside. What they really want is for you to pay a fortune for their photos. Once inside, yes it was made out of ice, yes it was cold, and yes the novelty wore off real quick. So if you don't mind getting ripped off, or being handed a load of BS about the use of your cell phone in a quasi-arctic climate, then you my friend have found your place. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Stone on tap and fuel tv
3	Bbbbuurrrrr.......this place is cold!!! But a cool place to check out, once. Sure, it's expensive ($37 for parks, gloves, boots, and 2 drinks), but everything in Vegas is. What are you doing in the Mandalay Bay in the first place if you don't have money?? I think the coats they give you are heavy enough to keep you warm for a while, but not too long, so they get a lot of turnover. Also, you can't take pictures inside, which is lame. You can only buy pictures from them. Would I go back? Sure, if someone else really wanted to go. It's a fun place, but once is enough for me :)
2	First, let me say that I had a lot of fun here.  However, I would not do it again and probably wouldn't recommend many of my friends to go.  Yes, it's a bar made of ice.  Yes, you get a parka before you go in.  Another positive, there's a penguin mascot you can request to take a picture with you.  It cost my friends and I $17 per person to get in and once inside drinks are $10 each.  Yes the cups for the drinks are made of ice.  But honestly, I can do that on my own time.  We did end up having a lot of fun, but only because I was with people who are easy to have fun with (aka. not drinking and spending all our money).  There aren't many people I would have had fun with at Minus 5 Ice Bar.
4	This is a review about the Minus 5 bar facing the indoor promenade at Mandalay Bay. So after a hot day around the strip and a nice experience at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, we decided to walk around the hotel. The bartender there randomly called at my boyfriend and me and offered to make us a drink so that we could take advantage of happy hour. She was very sweet and made me a (strong) pineapple martini. No lie, it was the best drink I had in vegas and I would've never tried it if it wasn't for her luring us in! Although we didn't end up walking in and enjoying the full Minus 5 experience, we will definitely make it a priority next time we are in Las Vegas.
3	Who doesn't want to pretend like they're in the arctic while donning oversized puffy jackets, sipping out of ice cups and sitting on ice blocks?Ok so I get that this is totally a novelty - and probably something I wouldn't do anytime except for when I'm on a totally sober vacation to Vegas. It's not cheap (but then again, what is cheap on the strip?), and it's freaking freezing, but it's still kind of cool. My friends and I decided the sound of enjoying cocktails in a bar made completely out of ice was too intriguing to pass up, so we hit up Minus 5 one afternoon during our Vegas vacay. We each chose the entry +2 drinks package, which included entry into the ice bar, a parka, boots, gloves, and 2 alcoholic beverages. At $37 (plus tax), was it truly worth it? I don't know. What I do know is that my drinks were strong, my fingers were frozen, and I have a super cool photo to show for it. One thing of note - I was surprised by how small the actual bar is itself, although I suppose it makes sense that a gigantic ice bar would be really expensive to build and maintain. We didn't go during a prime party hour, but there were only a few other people at the bar while we were there. Needless to say, we didn't stay long. We did, however, stay long enough to finish our drinks and get our fix of a cold climate.When in Rome... err, Vegas!
1	I never even got to go in this bar and this is exactly why I gave them 1 star. Their customer service is absolutely horrible. We had a group of 19 people. First off, I emailed the contact info (like it says to do for parties) a week before we came to Vegas. Never got a response. Strike 1. We get the whole group up to the bar, my husband and I used the restroom, we get back to the bar to pay (the rest of our group paid already). The stupid girl at the register says, and with attitude, "it's going to be a half hour wait." I said, we are with this group right here, the group you are letting in right now" She looks at me with her pissy attitude and goes "I don't care, it's going to be a half hour wait" so i said "F**K that" and just left. So we never got to go in with our group, who wasn't impressed with the bar by the way, but we were able to enjoy ourselves elsewhere for  a LOT cheaper. I'm just upset we weren't able to spend that time with our friends for my friend's birthday
5	I had loads of fun here.  While walking here, we passed by this udderly amazing sock store, where my guy friends proceeded to buy those socks with the separated toes, and they were cow print with UDDERS on them!! AMAZING!!! that in itself made my night.  We got to minus 5, and they gave us boots and parkas and gloves to wear, but told us we couldn't take our phones or cameras (so we had to buy pics from them).  Normally this would bother me, but I was so wasted (hey it was my bachelorette party) that I didn't notice.  Everything inside was made of ice.  and the best part!!?!?!? There is a person dressed as a penguin inside!!!!!! My group had a blast here and really enjoyed our time here until the workers decided to kick us out for being too drunk.  Aww.  :(Is my review biased? Probably, because I don't remember much.
5	I know everyone says it's overpriced but...the experience is SO fun !! Well worth the $$ I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas !!
3	Yes we knew it was a tourist trap but we still went in. It was the afternoon and we had some time to kill before heading to the airport.When we first walked in with our given coats and gloves, we were like " We're from NY. It ain't that cold". Give it 15 mn and you feel it. Wasn't too impressed with the decor. And there was No one else there besides the 3 of us girls. we made the best of it. We actually had a great chat with the bartender who made us some good drinks. No pics so you only have to rely on the photographer. And no we didn't get those expensive ass pics.
5	THIS WAS SO FRICKEN COOL!!!!  How many times can you come to Vegas and say "We partied in a freezer"!Me and my husband were in Vegas for some friends wedding and the Thursday before, a few of us from the wedding decided to go and try it!   We were given big parkas, boots, gloves, hats..etc.     You think your gonna stay warm, but the cold hits you very fast....just more of a reason to keep drinking!The table, chairs, walls, ceiling, chandelier, bar, BAR GLASSES, everything is made of ice...loved it!   Me and two girlfriends did 2 Ski shots (shot glasses on a ski that you all shoot together)   I realized that I love Sky Vodka (was an absolute girl) and ended up ordering pineapple, sky vodka drinks for the rest of the vacation!We lasted about 40 minutes until one of us was jumping up and down from needing to pee....so we all left!!Must try if your ever in Vegas, worth the $40 per person cover...BUT YA GET 2 DRINKS WITH THAT PRICE!!!
1	This PLACE IS A TOTAL TOURIST TRAP!!!- They charge you minimum $17 to enter. - They MAKE you place your cameras, phones, and electronics in their lockers. THEN tell you they ARE NOT LIABLE for the valuable items you placed in their MANDATORY lockers. This all to prevent you from taking photos inside, so they can charge you $20 for a picture that their grumpy and very BAD photographer will take.- One of the ladies in our party got RUFIED by the very grumpy angry FEMALE bartender. This was the only place she had a drink, and then went missing for apx 3 hours before she came to on the streets of Las Vegas. We later found her with the help of security.ALL in ALL, this place will ICE RAPE and RUFI you, possibly loose your valuable cameras, phones, and electronics, ALL for a RIDICULOUS price. TOTALLY UBSURB. STAY FAR FAR AWAY!!!
2	This kind of bar isn't my thing, but out of town guests may like it. It's a pricey venture and the inside, while fun for the first 5 minutes, is grating and hard to deal with after a while. It's too bright and too loud...and the music is awful to boot. Yikes.
5	So cool!! Literally :P We had such a great time here.  The cocktails are strong, they come in cute little glasses made of ice, and you get to wear a big fur coat.  What more could you want to start a night of Vegas drinking?? I loved it.  I would avoid the ice luges that people were taking shots out of though.  They seem to be a little...slobbered on?  But after you've had like 2 of the regular cocktails you really won't care anymore.
5	Was initially skeptical about going here. Let me tell you we had a blast. It was very cool and different. The staff was very friendly. Visitors to Vegas  Should definitely check this place out. We even bought the picture to remember the experience. Loved it.
5	Let me begin by saying; YOU'RE IN VEGAS.If you come here not understanding Vegas then it's no one else's fault but your own that you didn't do research. This is a money suck. Get used to it.Onto this bar. One word: Fabulous. I would bring every person I'd ever met here if it were possible. The fact that it's so freaking cold is amazing. First, because if you live in the cold then you can show off that you can tolerate a paltry -5. If you don't live n the cold, you'll freeze your ass off trying not to be a sissy. It's win-win!I have to tell you, I had THE best time here. It's a small place, brightly lit, good dance music and freaking COLD. You also have to give it to the bartender; he never leaves. I swear the guy serving us must have been an Eskimo. It was so COLD. I know I said this, but some people in other reviews want to announce it like the Minus 5 in the name was a typo. No, baby, it's -5. Wear your coat.Went in, got some really cute photos (really worth it - so cute), drank some excellent drinks, seriously, try the Ice Man,  I believe is what it was called. Pina colada, vodka and pineapple. Whew, tasty. I had to have had five of those. Oops, TMI, sorry.Anyway, once you get done with the awesomeness that is this bar, go outside where it's a little warmer, cozy up to the bar and listen to bad ass music, watch television, have conversation and drink great drinks. I would not hesitate to go back and spend my money at this bar. It was AWESOME!
4	Attention: do not come in here in a mini skirt. Thank god I was wearing leggings. We also recieved a parka, gloves, and boots. We go in and you feel like you're in a igloo. We got our free shot which was good. Honestly, I'm a baby. I can't handle the cold. WE left 20 minutes after. I would say it's a fun experience and how convienent that they don't let you bring your phones in so they can make even more $$ off you by only being able to purchase their pictures. Yeah buddy, no thanks.
4	My fiance and I geared up in the gloves, coat, boots, and hat to go in.  In ice they have a bar, cocktail table, luges, photo ops, and even seating.  We took a few shots from the ice shots, which are surprisingly slippery even with gloves, hung out and left after an hour (it was REALLY cold).  The big downside is that it's very expensive.  We got a drink package and when we heard the price we almost left.  So they gave us free hats and photos. If you are worried about the cost try going during an off time like in the early evening; they are more willing to work with you on cost like they did for us.  It's a fun place, great people working there, and it's definitely an experience worth trying.
4	Tonight was our semiannual HR Happy Hour and we decided to have it at Minus 5!  I've been here once before and really loved it.  It was soo cool, pun intended LOL.So thank goodness it was paid for by my company because this place is a little expensive.  Packages start at $25 and go up from there, depending on what you want.  In the beginning, you get suited up:  Boots, jackets and gloves.  The gloves are a little musky and lingers on your hands but I appreciate the warmth.  There are two bars in this place:  the Ice Bar and the Lodge.  With the Ice Bar, it's a definite must see.  EVERYTHING is made of ice.  The chairs, the sculptures and even the cups!  This is a cool place.  Very cool, actually cold.  It isn't that small, but fit our team of 30 so it was great.  They had an ice luge where we could take a few shots from.  There was a photographer walking around taking our photos for later.  When we got tired of the ice, we moved our party into the Lodge.  It feels like you're in a log cabin lodge.  Fire place and wooden everything!  It felt warm and cozy. Trust me, the ice experience is definitely a cool concept.  It's a hefty price though.  Had it not been for our expensed experience, I would not have attended.  The pictures taken by the photographer is sold for $20 each.  I think it's a little high but since I didn't pay for anything this time, I LOVED it.  If you've never tried this place out, though, it's always a good idea to try it at least once.
5	Icy awesomeness. Be prepared to pay for everything, and I do mean everything, but it is still a worthwhile adventure. The temperature was actually quite refreshing, and kept us awake and alert. With all of the provided gear, we were not cold at all. Even the drinks are served in ice glasses, but be sure to keep them on your coaster, or they will slide away! There are all kinds of fun extras if you've got the dough, like high quality digital photos, face-in-the-hole sculptures, ice luges, and group ski-shots. You can even opt for a cuter snowsuit if you're willing to pay. Oh, and the famous jellyfish aquarium is mesmerizing! Even if you don't indulge in the extras (which we didn't), just hanging out in an ice cave bar in the middle of desert is a fantastically fun and surreal experience.
1	Super lame tourist trap! Don't waste your money.  I would do anything to get that hour of my life back!
5	Best place ever! The staff are pleasant and they really took care of us. It's a nICE break from the Vegas heat!
2	Neat idea but over priced and the drinks were not that great. I am glad we went but I wouldn't go again.
3	Fun one time experience, since its very pricey just to go into an ice box and have one tiny drink.  But hey, liked I said tried it once it was fun now onto the next thing.
3	Go for the kitsch factor. Take a coat, pay the cheapest entry price, have one drink and jet. They don't let you take your cell phones in to take pics but paying for the professional photo option isn't worth it.
2	IIs a great idea but the service was horrible!! Once inside you get to choose from 5 mixed drinks on there menu and if you oped for the shot they had one choose, some nasty peach drink! + you can not bring in your cell or a camera! They charge $20.00 a picture that they take!
1	ok if you are thinking in going in. go but don't pay more them $17 because is not worth the $55 or $75 VIP toooooo small experience was ok but the to spend all the money nooooooo
3	Cool thing to be a bar made completely of ICE...and the staff was VERY nice (hence the 3rd star)....cool experience (literally) I guess BUT not worth the price to get in. We got 2 free "Shots" for entering , which got me excited because I was thinking Jager but was served a "house shot" of what tasted like Kool Aid which gave me a typical "WTF" face and made run of the mill  jello shots seem like they were made of moonshine. If you like shots with no alcohol and touristy things then I have a tip for you: go to Coyote Ugly in NYNY... where at least a hot , half naked girl in a cowboy hat and daisy dukes pours it in your mouth from atop the bar......... People back east need not bother... just go outside in the middle of January with a frosted glass of alcohol and you are already there. They do have a full bar and bottle service (for the insane) so you do have options. The Ice glasses are rad and the attire is pretty arctic inspired. The bartender told us that one dude (who no doubt was wasted from the Kool Aid shots) stayed in there for 6 hours...shirtless....Hey , its Vegas...After a couple of beers and 30 minutes , we were ready to get back to the Strip and warmth.
1	Horrible customer service. Ice bar itself is cool but very small. Front desk is disrespectful and does not  care about your experience.Expensive and not worth it! Save your money!
4	Ever since I saw this bar on the Travel Channel, I made it a point to stop by this bar since there are not many ice bars in existence, especially in Vegas.Admission is $17/plus tax into the bar. You can purchase drinks inside the bar or purchase their other packages such as the one for $37/plus tax which includes admission and 2 drink tickets, or one of their VIP packages for either $55+tax or $75+tax.Regular admission includes a parka and gloves while the VIP package you get a faux fur coat upgrade and a Russian hat that you get to keep. They provide you a locker before you go into the ice bar. Since cameras/camera phones are not allowed in the bar, they make you put that in the locker.Once we got into the ice bar, it was pretty neat but also really cold of course. Almost everything was made of ice including the seating and sculptures. The bartender we had was really nice including all the friendly visitors in the bar since we were all sharing a common experience of being in this ice bar. The drinking cup was also composed of ice.I wish I had brought a Russian hat because my face was pretty cold after being in the bar for quite a while. The drinks were excellent. If you wanted a picture, they take pictures while you are in the bar. The cost of each picture is $20 unless you opted for $75 VIP package which includes the photo.You have to try everything at least once.....try this out if you are in Vegas.
4	Great experience, very unique...although felt a bit touristy throughout the process. Can quickly get a bit pricey with all add-ons and upgrades but you can still do this for about $30 a person if you're careful, which is fine because after 30 mins or so the charm turns into a cold reality.
4	I saw this on tv and couldn't wait to check it out! This is one of those places you need to experience at least once. $17 to get access to the ice bar, you get fitted with the appropriate gear and head on in. Everything is made of ice, seating area..tables..even your glass. Brings new meaning to ice cold drank! I stayed in for about 30mins then went out to their normal bar, which is also great. Good experience but no replay value unless you're introducing it to someone new to the joint, cheers!
1	This has to be one of the worst tourist trap ripoffs of all time. You get charged $17 bucks to borrow a used parka and gloves to venture inside what amounts to a meat locker closet with music playing and the walls and chairs coated with ice. One of the dumbest concepts I have seen yet of how to take money from the tourists. You can look like a real duffus and upgrade to a fur coat and hat for like $75. This place is situated upstairs in the Mandalay Bay Place Shoppes and looks like it would be a hip place to visit, until you get inside and see how depressed everyone looks sitting around on fake animal pelts drinking out of ice glasses. Those drink by the way cost another $15 bucks a piece for poorly made concoctions. I pictured this to be both larger and funner. What a joke this is since no one stays longer than 15-30 minutes and has one drink. The place is the size of a closet. Save you money since this is a scam. The place won't stay open long once people catch on to how absurd this concept is.
2	Minus 5- I was so excited to go here- and then I was like this is definitely the wrong venue for me. Yes everything is made of ice- which is cool cant knock that. Drinking out of Ice glasses cool- sitting on ice benches yes all good- but UM HELLO I GO TO VEGAS TO BE SEXY, and there is NOTHING SEXY about a BIG FREAKING PARKA. Vegas is a place to wear less clothes not more! So this is the wrong venue for me. I liked the experience but am not going to go back. Also the drinks are just okay. There are only 5 to choose from. And for some reason the night I went it was just myself and my friends- no one else showed up- which is fine since we were not bringing the sexy back at all. If you really want to go experience an ice bar go to Alaska at least there your supposed to be wearing a huge thick jacket.
1	Probably the WORST SERVICE I have ever had. Curious, because Vegas is "the service" town by excellence. I think I will definitely keep drinking my better Vodka in normal glasses and warm weather (unless I visit Russia someday). Take my advice and DON"T GO TO THIS PLACE! Use the $50 to play some craps while drinking on the house!
4	Some friends spoiled me rotten by taking me here while on an all expenses paid weekend for a VIP Superbowl party.  Nothing like arriving in Vegas in a limo and suddenly finding yourself in a big furry parka drinking top shelf vodka through a nude ice sculpture in sub zero temperatures, ha.  It was definitely all novelty, but a fun experience.  Super expensive though and, well, cold.  The service wasn't great considering the prices, but maybe I'd be grumpy too if I was working in a freezer with drunk rowdy people at 2am.
4	Its a pretty 'cool' concept (had to).   Its a little expensive but an experience you wont get anywhere else. Once you put on your coats you have to go through two other little rooms, each with lower temperature than the next until you get to the actual bar. Once there, everything is made of ice. The bar, the cups you drink out of, the furniture, there are ice sculptures. Drinking out of a cup made of ice is a little weird because its so much thicker than a normal glass cup. You also kinda freeze when you first enter but after about 5 - 10 mins your body gets used to it and you can sit down and enjoy your cocktail. When you leave you feel like you're really cold. Like, your skin. So its a sensory overload at times, but not in a bad way. If you can, I'd check this place out.
5	I found out about this from watching TANKED.  I thought a bar that is covered in ice has to be so uncomfortable.  Who can have fun here?  Coming from a girl from Chicago, I did not want to go.  I thought I'm in Vegas in HOT weather, why the heck would I want to go to a bar that I have to wear a coat, boots and gloves?Since it was my husband's 40th, I caved and went. I know, I'm a good wife.  I'm so glad I did because it was amazing.  If you are used to chicago weather, the cold would not even phase you.  Everything was made out of ice.  The details on the  sculptures were amazing.  Unfortunately I didn't see the Jelly tank that was made by the tv show TANKED.  The jellyfish kept on dying so they had to take the tank out but the experience was amazing.
4	This place is pretty cool I would totally say to try it out of u want to try out something different. It can get a little pricey if u want to stay inside and continue to drink after you are finished with the ones you have purchased within your package. You can also purchase pictures of you and your party inside the place since you cannot take your phone or cameras inside.
3	Fun little diversion. The staff was terrific. The bartender and photographer were great. We paid for 1 picture and they gave them all to us. Very nice. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars and not more is its too pricey for what it is. My wife got the VIP with photo and I got the entry with 2 drinks. It was $145 with tip for 20 minutes and 2 drinks.  (too cold to stay much longer)
3	Definitely an interesting experience.You walk up, pay $35 ($17 if you don't want to drink), handed a parka, gloves and two blue drink cards. You're then given a key to store all of your belongings and told that there is no photography allowed inside. What the hell did I get myself into?After you've stored your belongings, you're shuffled down this hall that resembles a meat locker. From there, you enter into a small room that's completely frozen. If you're wearing sandals or flimsy shoes, they offer you boots with sanitary socks to use as well.The tables, cups, chairs and bar are all made of ice. It's pretty cool. The drinks are stiff and the bartender we had was funny. They also have an ice luge made in the form of a naked woman that you can take shots out of. Being a friend's birthday, there was no way in hell we were going to let her out of this experience without doing it. It counts as one of your drinks and it's a generous pour of vodka or whatever suits you through the nipples of this ice sculpture. Word of advice, you don't need to put your mouth around the boob. It's not sanitized and I saw everyone partaking through the night doing the same. A great way to get drunk and a case of herpes. I don't know if liquor will kill that strain. The reason they don't want you taking photos is that they have a photogs roaming around snapping photos of you that you have to pay for. It's kinda lame, I think people would enjoy it more if they had their phones. Plus, you'd think that they'd love the social media whoring that everyone would do with them creating more buzz about the place. Photos are not cheap, $20 a pop or two for $30.Would I come back? Eh. It was cool, but really small. It's so cold that you probably wont hang out in there too long. Even with the parka, It was uncomfortable and I was wearing pants, socks and a long sleeved shirt underneath. They offer animal hydes to sit on so you don't get wet, but the moisture still goes through and I felt like my ass was frozen when we left.At least I tried it.
5	Went into Minus 5 today around 3pm. It was awesome! The bartender was friendly and personable, and he even had my boyfriend and I do a shot luge with another couple at the bar. The best thing about this place though was Melissa at the photo station. After buying 3 pictures after going into the bar, I unfortunately left my bag in the restroom and my pics were stolen!! After going back to Minus 5 though, Melissa helped me and patiently searched for my photos and reprinted them for no charge (after asking her supervisor, of course :) ) overall, my experience at Minus 5 was made even greater by the helpful staff assisting. Thanks for making Vegas that much more magical :)
2	This place was cool in a way, but I would never go back. For starters I feel like the cover was outrages. The bartender that was working that day was either pissed off because she was cold or she hates her life. Maybe a little of both, but I found her to be rude. There was a review that I read on this place by (Britt S from Fort Lauderdale, FL) and she gave a little insight to why my service might have sucked. Not saying she is right, but it gave me something to think about.The idea of this place is cool. It's a small bar that is made of ICE. The cups you drink from, the chairs you sit on and the tables you... well you I guess you place crap on were all made of ice. The cool thing was after you finished your drink, you could start eating your cup. I didn't do this, but someone I was there with did and I thought it was funny. The drink prices were very high, but name a place that's not. I hate the fact that you cannot take pictures. They have a picture girl going around the place taking pictures of you for $20 to share among all your friends. I had to go old school and scan the picture in and then share it on FB. Thank God for FB.  For a place to tell me that I have to pay $17 to get in, but I can't even take a picture on my iPhone with my friends so I have no choice but to buy their extremely marked up photo that wasn't even color corrected and was taken with WAY TOO much head room... well that sits just as well as spoiled milk in my breakfast cereal. This place might be for other people, but not for this guy and I will not return. I'm not saying you shouldn't go... I'm just saying you won't see me there again.
4	This place is a lot of fun!Too bad they hate on people bringing/taking their own photos. I guess that's how they make $. We had a great time in here though on the real. Cocktails are served in glasses made of ice. How cool is that?!?
4	I officially know what life would be like in a giant igloo! What a fun bar. I came here with some friends for my birthday after dinner. Just to walk in is $17, entry including 2 drink tickets is $37, and prices just go up from there the more you add to your package. They absolutely do not allow phones or cameras, so much so that they provide you with a locker to lock your stuff up. They also provide you with boots, gloves, and a parka. Once you get dressed up they give you a quick rundown on what goes on inside and some general rules and you are on your way. Inside EVERYTHING is ice. The cups you drink out of, the tables, the seating, and the walls. You see your breath when you talk. The cold atmosphere made us want to drink more to warm up. The bartenders are entertaining and they serve creative drinks. There is a photographer walking around because you obviously will want a picture to remember the experience. This is one of those bars that you have to experience at least once.
1	Awful staff. Very rude and offensive to their guests.
1	Would be fun if the staff weren't so over bearing.  Took a fun activity and made it lame.  Entire business model is around selling you pictures, so be ready to pay out or be kicked out.
2	Eh, this place was cool (haha no pun intended) but defintely not worth the crazy price you had to pay.  Honestly had we not had a coupon for this place, we wouldn't have gone.  The idea is really neat to make an entire bar out of ice, except that this place was just the size of a giant walk in meat locker with a tiny little bar.  Also, when we went there were literallly 2 other people in the whole place, and at some point the bartender just walked out so I couldn't order another drink if I wanted to.  I guess they make enough money elsewhere  that doesn't matter, because you can't take your phone/camera in and they charge you stupid amounts to have your picture just like you would if you rode a rollercoaster at an amusement park. Tip- DONT PAY FULL PRICE AT THIS PLACE!! there are coupons floating around everywhere and I'm pretty sure we got in using a buy one get one. ALSO the girls were handing out free shot coupons before we went in.  Definitely take advantage of this!It was an experience, not sure I'd go back... unless for something crazy like a bachellorette bikini party in the ice bar (theres all sorts of pics of people doing/wearing crazy things in there).  Otherwise, take mine and most of the other reviewers' advice and know what you're getting into when you decide to come to this place.
5	Absolutely neat experience! Cool place to have a drink. Caution, it's cold, so when your body gets cold blood flow is limited to your extremities. Well, once you have a drink or two, after you leave and begin to thaw out, circulation begins to warm you back up again, well, that's when the BUZZ kicks in from the alcohol!! such fun. Everything is entirely made of ice including the drink glasses, bar counter, seating etc.... A neat experience do at least once
3	This was one of those "what the hell" concepts that I just couldn't pass up!! The name is "Minus 5"because it is literally minus 5 degrees! The entire bar (seats, tables, walls, glasses you drink out of) is made of ice!?!? There is a $17 cover charge just to walk in (that covers your parka and boots that they provide) they take your camera and cell phone from you and put it in a locker (that way, they can force you to buy the pics that they take of you while you're inside for $20 a piece) If you pay the $35 cover, that provides the parka, boots and two drinks. And believe me, at minus 5 degrees, you won't want to stay for longer than two drinks! I thought it was cool (no pun intended) and a very interesting concept (you gotta do something to set yourself apart nowadays). I would recommend it, but I wouldn't go back.
3	Yes, it's pricey and yes it sure is touristy but if you have the right expectations, you will enjoy the experience here.   They suit you up in cold weather gear (pay more, and you can get fancier gear; read; fur coat and hat), request that you lock up your belongings in a locker (phone/camera included) and then you're off into the giant ice room.And giant ice room it is - everything is literally made of ice.  Glasses (that you drink out of) included.  I think that was the best part of this whole thing... an icy cold beverage - yum!  I couldn't stop licking the glass - LOL. The room itself is fairly small - three sitting areas that can fit maybe 4 people comfortably and then a couple of other places to stand around.  There are several ice sculptures around the room too.  Yes it's cold but not uncomfortable.  If you do find it cold, you can step out into a lobby area to warm up and then go back into the ice room if you like.  Since they ask you to leave your camera/phone in a locker you obviously can't snap any pictures but they do have a photog inside snapping memories (for purchase when you leave).   It  probably won't make my list of things to do next time I visit Vegas, but am glad I experienced it once!
4	Clunky coats, not cute, but ya know what? I'm always hot! I appreciated being cold for once. Its a fun bar, its different than any bar I've been to and bottom-line: when you're in good company, it doesn't matter where you go, you will have a good time.
4	Cute place. EVERYTHING is made out of ice. This includes the bar, tables, chandeliers, cups, seats, etc. You are given large blue parkas, gloves, and boots before coming in (and you will definitely need them). Once inside you can buy a drink, listen to some music, and pose for a few picture.Keep in mind that you are *NOT* allowed to bring in any cameras or cellphones. All equipment must be left within complimentary lockers at the front door. This means that all pictures must be provided by the bar and purchased at the exit or online.The place is pricey, with a $17 cover charge per person just to get inside and drinks going for about $12 for a small glass. Still it's a fun experience and something you should at least try once.If you look online, Minus 5 frequently has two for one groupon specials available and often provide free shot vouchers.
4	great service and good drinks...the bar tender was super nice...the only thing that upset me a bit was that we bought a groupon and showed up....i didn't read the fine print and it ended up being that we could not use the groupon (that i bought 45 minutes before) for 4 hours from purchase....we paid to get in and now I have to go through the hassle of getting a refund...the reason I took off a star was because the girl at the register was not friendly at all...the girl that gave us the jackets, however, was super nice.l
3	I was here celebrating a family birthday! So our party was of six. It's fun when friends are together anywhere. so we made this place fun! Nice to do this once. The bar didn't honor our Groupn.. but we went in checked in our camera phones (so we had the privilege of being photographed when we're not ready)  they still came out funny. and we bought 3 for $40. By the way I heard admission was free to anyone in a bikini.   $17 to get in you get a big blue full leanth parka & ice gloves. They'll provide furs for $20 extra, and earmuffs are $20 extra. Photos $20 extra , Now you go in to the Ice bar,It's quite a bit smaller than I thought it would be. I like the Ice sculptures, chandeliers of ice, Ice bear, The bar is ice and the drink glasses  are ice careful not to let the drink slip out of your hand (use both) they have padrone tequila the cheaper stuff tastes like kerosene . Fruit specialty drinks turn to slush in there. (There your best bet) Keep in mind most people will probably last two drinks tops though I could stay longer there's not much to this place. It kinda reminds me of the freezer in my restaurant. the place needs something like ... an ICE slide or something or Fire Pit ,,, Loud music  anything to make the place more alive, save the earmuff money and buy an extra drink, you wont feel the cold after. Look at this like ice art with a bar.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to check this off our bucket list and spontaneously decided to try this bar out.  At a $17 entrance fee, it's not cheap.  This will at least get you a coat (you have to pay extra for the fur coat), boots, and gloves.  Once you go in, it's basically one medium sized room with a bar and seats made out of ice.  There are a couple of ice walls made to build tinier rooms.  For being a bar, it's pretty bright in the bar and very cold, obviously.  The drinks are kind of expensive and come in genuine ice cups.  This was fun to do once, but too expensive and not worth another visit.
4	Had a great time here with my girlfriend. The staff members were all very nice. The bartender was very helpful and always had a smile on her face even though she was freezing her a$$ off lol. Drinks were comparable to NYC price wise. The Ice Bar itself is tiny but they have another bar outside in case it gets crowded. I believe they also serve food outside. Not in the Ice Bar of course.  Cost is a little pricey but worth it (for something that you will most likely do only once in your life!) We chose the $17 option which only gives you the Parka, gloves and boots. Other options includes drinks, faux fur coats, hats etc. My only beef is that you don't get to bring your phone/camera with you. I think it would benefit them more if they let people bring their phones, cameras inside. They need to embrace the power of Social Networking! I paid $40 for 3 photos. Choosing only one will set you back $20. Overall, we had a blast. I would definitely recommend this place. Try it at least once!
4	Went to Vegas to celebrate my 21st birthday and had so much fun at Minus 5! Our group of 6 each got the entry and 2 cocktails package. The bartender was super nice and the drinks were really good! I got a "frosty mojito" and "ice man." Fruity but not too sweet, my favorite type of drink! Everything is made out of ice including the cups! The ice carvings and sculptures were really cool and the color changing lights made it look pretty. It was a unique and awesome experience and would recommend it. The only downside is that you aren't allowed to bring in your phone or camera to take pictures. There's a photographer there and you can buy one picture for $20 or three for $40, which is kind of ridiculous. But I did end up buying one of those animal hats with the ears and paws since I've been wanting one for a while. They had a husky one (which I got) and a polar bear one for $35. Again, a bit pricey but not too bad for this kind of hat. This one is pretty good quality with nice and thick material/fur and it's super cute!
3	This is a must do place when you're in Vegas if it's summer!  I don't like the fact that you can't bring in your own camera, thus three stars, but other than that it was really fun.  The drink glasses are made of ice and of course everything stays really cold.  The staff were very nice and accommodating.  They do have packages for about $37 that included two cocktails and a shot per person so not bad if you like to drink.  The drinks were tasty and it was pretty damn cold in there!  I would definitely go again.
3	It's neat idea however its way over priced! The place is tiny! I'm glad I checked it out but I would never go back.
3	You have to try it while in Vegas! We got the $17 parka and gloves for me and the $75 fur coat, fur hat that you get to keep and 2 drinks and a picture package for my wife . That's probably the best way to go for 2 people, that's until you finish the drinks in 5 minutes and you need another round because your but is freezing in there! It's freaking cold and a hat is really useful in there, also it might be good to have long pants or just be drunk, whichever comes first! The fact that you can't take your own pictures sucks, I would still like it if they would give me the digital version in an email or something so I can post it. You only get the printed version, so I had to take a picture of that with my phone so I could brag about this.
1	TERRIBLE Business model. $35 to get in. $55 for a VIP. Meaning a white fur coat that actually fits. Drinks are ridiculous. Oh, and you CANNOT bring your phone or cameras. Supposedly because they will "melt" the ice. Haha. Yea right. So why does Orlando allow it? Everything seemed awesome! They had a photographer anyway. So we enjoyed ourselves. Well finding the pictures was a pain! They are not on their facebook. Once i looked long enough i found a website with all the photos. Well all the photos except my groups! Geez. Our entire group is missing from that day. When I returned with a friend right after and a new photog had came on, those pictures were posted. $20 PER PHOTO? Yes, you heard right! A photographer with a digital camera takes a hundred photos of you and your friends, posts them on a hard to find site with a watermark that says "DO NOT COPY" and then charges $20 each photo. What a scam! So you have fun and you cannot even share the memories. Noone in their right mind is paying $20 per photo for amatuer photo work with no touch ups and alterations. This place is foolish. Haven't you heard of social media? We take our photos and we post them online for our thousands of friends to see and tag themselves. Then thousand of their friends see too! You get FREE promotion from that. But you don't get it when you charge $20 a photo. Idiots. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this place. It is SUPER small. Pretty boring and the experience and awe last about 2 minutes. Then you cant even get a few shots in. Don't listen when they say no cameras. Just do it and take your own. Later when i found them in Orlando, FL they told me i could bring my camera in no problem. Las Vegas, always trying to rip off another buck. Almost forgot to mention the very dry, unsmiling, and non humorous bartender. Blah. What a bore she was.
4	You have to understand what this place is in order to get the full enjoyment of it. Is it My group of friends had a great time, and in the end, didn't mind coughing up the $17 just to get in the door. They dress you up in a parka and Uggs, and give you gloves for your glass. You then drop off all of your electronics and other belongings in a locker, and walk into a refrigerated room set at 50 degrees before progressing to the bar itself. Everything is truly made of ice, from the tables and benches, to the chandeliers, even the glasses themselves! I really enjoyed it for the novelty.
3	A bar where everything is literally frozen. Seems like a rad idea! For a mere $37.00 per person you get to experience "big brother" on ice. Sure, those thirty-seven bucks get you a pair of bootsAnd liners, a puffy jacket, gloves and two well drinks and every move you make is caught on a security camera, which although its the norm in Sin City, it's a little silly that you can't even take our cell phone inside the place I managed to sneak mine in, snapped a few pics and had a word with security. Their reason? Too many people damaged their phones On the ice and wanted their money back. But you can pay extra money to get your photo taken by a pro. Obviously I was curious to check this place out, but considering Vegas is all about the work-factor, I was underwhelmed by the over all experience and service. It was surprising small inside. On a Friday night at midnight it was pretty quiet, I couldn't imagine this place at full capacity, since the bar is also quite small and seating is limited. It was fun to check out by I wouldn't return, and I'm not sure is recommend it to friends.
4	I LOVE the Minus 5 Ice Lounge at Mandalay Bay!  I mean, it's nowhere near as awesome as Magic Ice in St. Thomas, but it works.  Everything is made of ice, although the ice benches do have furs on them so you can sit down without getting wet.It's PRICEY.  On this occasion we lucked out into some free passes that included two drinks each, so how cool was that?  The drinks are tasty and served in glasses made of ice.  You keep "warm" by donning the parkas that come with admission, although don't be surprised to see some macho men in there in shorts trying to show how bad ass they are.  ha!The biggest bummer is that you can't take your cameras in hopes that you'll buy their expensive photos... not gonna happen, although my friends did fork out the cash on our first visit, so I got one anyway.  Of course, the cold will fog up your cameras and phones, anyway, but it's still great to be able to get photos of a fun place like that.One thing is that it's usually a fairly short visit unless you can afford $12 drinks just so you can freeze.  We usually stay in there about 20 minutes or so.  This visit the bartender was really friendly and nice and we had a great time chatting with him.  It's such a tiny place that you also can get to know your fellow guests if a crowd shows up, but it's totally worth doing at least once.  It's unique!Just do it.
4	Thanks, Yelpers for the heads up.  I went to my beloved Yelp before deciding on this bar so we were prepared (thanks to you) for a small bar.  Because we were warned, we weren't  disappointed when we walked in.  We actually liked it.It is a fun, unique concept.  I mean, how many times can you say you've been to a bar that is composed entirely of ice? Like other Yelpers, I would recommend going at least once in a lifetime. The employees were very nice.  The music wasn't too loud which is refreshing considering many bars just blast the music and it's nearly impossible to meet people when you can't hear a word that they are saying.  We met a group of guys celebrating a bachelor party that weekend.  Aaaaahhh... good times.So, here's why one Yelp star is missing.  For the $17 entrance fee, you only get a plain blue jacket.... not very "cute" in pictures.  In case management is reading this, please note that we would have purchased the pictures had you provided nice, white coats to everyone. If you want the white parkas (or fur coats), you have to pay for the $55 package.... which is a little pricey considering most people probably hang out for only an hour or so just to have the "ice bar experience" before moving on to the next Vegas hot spot.  I would even recommend that they allow you to pay a little for a digital copy of your pictures.... that would be nice.... like $5-$10 per pic would be fair. Most of us don't keep hard copies of much these days.... we just want to post them online.You aren't allowed to bring in phones or cameras and that's fine.  Had we looked cuter in nice jackets, I might have purchased a picture.But overall, stick with the $17 package and you will find this to be a very enjoyable and unique experience, like we did.   We really did have a great time.
1	its not a bar nor a club but just a lame vegas tourist trap.they try and extort as much cash as they can from you upfront because they know once you enter you plan on leaving. they hit you up for a entrance fee, a jacket charge, a premium jacket charge, pre-paid drink vouchers, and a locker charge. the locker is allegedly to protect your stuff like electronics from the cold but in reality its just a scam.when you enter you will notice that the whole place is about the size of a manhattan studio apartment, and there is only about 5 people in there at any given time. one of those people is a photo-op guy. remember they made you check you phones and cameras at the door because the cold would damage them. yea, that was a lie. its so this guy can charge you for pictures.the only nice thing about this place is that the cups are made of ice and they are fun to smash. your not suposta do that but fuk this place.
4	Being a Los Angeles resident, I visited Vegas over 5 times this past summer and after the fifth time, I still had not gone to Minus 5, which made me plan for a 6th visit where I would finally be able to see what all the buzz was about. The bar is definitely smaller than I thought, but you should't expect more for a room that has to stay at -5 degrees Celsius even full of people. I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was crowded, but not to the point where it gets uncomfortable. The music is not loud at all but is good -EDM mostly. The drinks are absolutely mild, so make sure you order a double shot on your cocktails if you want to at least slightly taste the alcohol. What is cool about it is that everything is made of ice and it doesn't seem like it's going to melt or anything. The lighting is amazing, it refracts on the ice chandeliers and tables making a very nice backdrop for your photos. Cameras or phones are not allowed in, but there's a photographer inside and you can get as many pictures as you want. Overall, I liked it a lot. A little pricey for a bar, but I can only imagine how much they get charged for electricity at this place!
4	It's $17 to get in (and you get a navy blue jacket.) The white fur jackets in the photos are a part of the better packages starting at $55. The room is -5 degrees Celsius with a bar and a couple of booths. The place looks bigger in pictures, but it's cool. Pun intended.
2	$75 for one photo, 2 overly-sugary drinks, a tacky hat to take home, and the chance to wear already repeatedly worn mittens and faux fur jacket? Oh, and probably only for 15 minutes max because you're in Vegas and all your girlfriends are wearing micro minny dresses so even though the faux fur jacket makes you look like you're wearing a black bear they are going to complain about how cold it is in the -5 degree Celsius room? No thanks.Let's get real here. This would be cool in Norway or wherever the real deal ice hotel is. But this is Vegas and they're not fooling anyone. Yeah, the glasses are made of ice but I'm pretty sure the walls, bar, tables, and chairs aren't really ice...and they're really *gasp* plastic. I'm giving it 2 stars instead of one because it is kinda cool (see what I did there) and they're trying to be different from every other bar. But the staff was horrendously rude and they won't let you take your camera or phone in there. It would be a completely different story if you could take fun photos...but you're stuck with their one option...and I looked disgusting. Total fail. Oh, and where are you supposed to put the hat when you leave? I'm not taking it to the club...garbage it is.
1	It's was cool but tiny. It looked much like someone created this in their basement. No wonder they make you leave your cell phone outside in a locker. If any real photos leaked out it would hurt their scam. The drinks were like mouth wash, but the ice cup it was served in was nice. They warn you to only set the ice cups on coasters, I set mine right on the ice bar and watched it freeze in place.Certainly a "once" on a life time thing to do. But don't waste your money. You can get the same treatment in the freezer section at the local Costco. It is cool for the novelty, but the gloves they "allow" you to use do not keep your hands from getting too cold. You will not want to stay long, I guess that is part of their business model.
4	This place is super fun!  For all the peeps that said it's too cold, you're dumb!  Hello, it's minus 5 in there...of course it's cold!!!  The drinks were fun and we got trashed.  I'd say it was a successful night!
5	I loved this and will go back anytime I'm back in Vegas with a group that hasn't been before.  With the jackets, gloves and alcohol they give you  - ya don't even notice the cold after the first couple initial assaults.  The drinks were really good and only like 8-10 bucks.It is on the smaller size as far as lounges go.  Could hold about 25 I would guess.  They say the average people hang out for a drink or two and that keeps the crowds rotating in this smaller spot.  And would give you the opportunity to play musical chairs to a spot you wanted to hang out should you choose to be there longer.They have a camera gal come through every 10 minutes or so and snap photos - we got 3 for $40 which I think is extremely fair.  Each turned out really well of everybody in the group.
5	Totally fun!! Worth the upgrade to fur parkas 2 drinks and the pics.   Everyone there was super friendly and I met a person from my hometown on the east coast.  Ignore all of the bad reviews.  It is not a cheap thing to do but it is worth every penny and so much fun to do.  When else will you get the opportunity to drink vodka out of ice glasses?  When in Vegas ......  What happens...
4	this place is definitely worth going to while exploring Vegas.  I feel like a lot of people always go to Vegas and do the same thing...try this place to a change! we stayed in the bar for at least an hour...it's obv cold but they give you parkas.  It's small (with good reason because it prob costs a lot to maintain that place) but a fun and new experience.  I think we paid about $30 per person for entrance and a drink....maybe you think that "too much" but quiet down lil one...it's Vegas and you prob spent $30 in the slots in a matter of 5 minutes.  Go there....it's CHILL (pun intended!)
1	I would NOT recommend. It's overpriced, even for Vegas. I went in expecting cool ice sculptures and fun activities, only to find a small room with ice on the walls. My freezer is more entertaining. They yelled at us for every activity and so we walked out.
3	We've walked by Minus 5 a bunch of times and thought it was a neat concept but never wanted to pay to go in, just to pay again for more drinks. Finally we cashed in some MyVegas points and got free entrance and some jackets/boots.There's one main section and two smaller side seating sections inside. Everything is well coordinated in that you aren't allowed to bring in phones/cameras to take pictures and there is someone inside taking the photos for you. (We had so many taken that we decided to purchase the 3 for $40 which was steep but entrance was free so why not.) The drinks were devilishly delicious -- either there weren't enough vodka in them or there was too much juice, but I liked them! We had a few cocktails, shots and special shots out of a special lady ice sculpture (cough). Good times!I won't be coming back but it was definitely an interesting experience.
5	Can't comment on the Minus5 experience, since I didn't do it, so this review is for the Lodge Bar connected to it. Great place to sit down in the afternoon and watch some football. It was not crowded and the waitresses were really nice. I had some pleasant, quiet alone time away from the kids. Thanks wifey!!
1	I saw a marketing commercial on my luxor stay and decided to check this place out. Upon arriving with a party of four, there was a girl in the front counter with the worst customer service in Vegas.  With attitude like that how can you bring business to the bar/lounge??? Get rid of her!! I had questions in regards to VIP package and her reply was that they would close bar in an hour??? Avoid if this is attitude you receive while on vacation.
1	Ridiculous entrance fee to borrow a parka and go into a basement freezer to pay more money for drinks.The fact that they do not allow photography and then try to sell you photo packages should tell you something. Also, interesting that this information is not clearly or conspiciously conveyed on their 'storefront.'Las Vegas is indeed the place to splurge, but even so... if you must, spend the money to try it once, but it's very hard to picture this place relying on repeat business to survive.
5	Minus 5 is so much fun. It's a nice change to the normal everyday bar. From the oce glasses to the bar & benches. It was pretty impressive. The staff was great, especially Robert, the bartender & the photographer. We will definitely be back.
3	Arrive here buzzed and the $79 for two to enter Vip Special one $20 photo included (buy one get one admission free) does not sting so bad.  but hey you get two drinks included and a one hat to take turns wearing.  Faux Furs yes please, Staying at Circus Circus and maintaining a budget then opt for the $17 dollars no perks and wear a regular jacket kinda visit.what to expect.  A walk in freezer (about 18 degrees)  with Ice divider walls and ice molded drink cups.  The bartender was pretty engaging and so was the photographer  but seriously no pics allowed by the patron so they can sell you a $20 photo is lame.  At least be with the times and let you upload your purchased photo via social media site (hint hint) why would you not want to advertise for free.  I only lasted two drinks then my ADHD kicked in.
3	Interesting to go if you've never gone to an ice bar before but not something to do again once it's been done. Came on a Saturday afternoon with no wait to get in, but I could see there being a wait during a busier time (i.e nighttime) as the actual place is very small inside. We did a special that gave us the less fancy coats (you have the option to upgrade to a faux fur type) and two drinks while inside. They make you put ALL of your personal belongings inside a locker that's provided (including your cell phone). Once inside EVERYTHING is actually made out of ice which is the obvious however the chairs, couches, tables, glasses you drink out of, walls- all ice! Pretty cool to see. They have a few specialty drinks that you can try with your two drinks included in the special or you can get any standard drink (not sure if beer is held in there). Small one person bar. Friendly bartender while we were there. Tried a mojito type and then a fruitier type of drink. Both were good but not very strong. They have a photographer come around and take a few pictures of you and/or group. I was in shorts and flip flops and it took us around 30-40 minutes to start to really feel it and become cold. Once you exit you're able to access your locker from the opposite side and you're in the gift shop and able to view the pictures taken inside (like at the end of a roller coaster). VERY pricey to have any of the pictures or merchandise from there. Them making you put your cell phones in the locker is obviously a ploy to get you to buy their pictures as you won't have any photo memories otherwise. They claim it's for other reasons, which could be true being that everything is made out of ice but still a rip off in my opinion. Definitely a fun thing to do while in Vegas if you've never been to one. I would recommend to someone else to do as a Vegas bucket list type of activity but personally will not return as it seems like a been there done that type of place.
4	Wandering around the Vegas casinos and all of the malls we stumbled upon Minus 5 Ice Bar in the Mandalay Bay.  (There was one in our own hotel, the Monte Carlo, which we somehow missed!)  My husband was enthralled with the idea of sitting in a frozen environment and having a drink.  Me, not so much.  It was expensive; I think $37 per person for two drinks each, a parka and a set of gloves.  But, in reality, it was not expensive by Vegas standards.  So, we went for it. After you get "geared up" you enter an anteroom that was about 50 degrees before going into the final minus 5 room.  Once inside the bar, the first thing I wanted was a drink.  Most people ordered from the one page cocktail menu of sweet drinks but you could order anything - as long as they had the ingredients as the bar was small.  I spied Chopin vodka (made from potatoes) and went for a dry martini.  Everything was served in thick ice tumblers.  We were instructed to hold our glasses with both hands lest we drop them.  I didn't see the issue, so what would be the problem with a broken glass made from ice?We found a "booth" of ice, sat comfortably on furs, and leaned against the back of the thick ice seats.  I didn't freeze.When the bartender came around to pick up discarded glasses - most people didn't linger for more than an hour - we had a few of our questions answered.  The room held up to 81 people not because of a capacity rule but because any more than that and their combined body heat would start melting the walls.  On busy nights they sometimes had to close the booths as the chandeliers above them would drop their large "lights" onto unsuspecting guests.  If a guest got sick only a blowtorch would remove the mess.And finally, a photographer strolled around and took photos of the guests - no cellular phones are allowed - in glass frames, at booths or next to an ice sculpture. Not sure I would do this again, but it was fun.  I'd suggest trying it at least once.If our photo made it to their Facebook album it would be here: http://minus5.zenfolio.com/p332323243/e1c1dd0c0
2	Very pricey and a very slim selection of only cocktails. You can't take your own pictures and have to pay for theirs. It's a tourist trap for sure but if you can afford it- its worth checking out if you've never been. Just be prepared to spend a lot of money.
4	This place was fun and different. Everything was made of ice, the chairs, the bars, the walls and even the glasses you drink out of. You pay to go in and basically rent a jacket and gloves. The only down side is that you can't stay in too long because you start to freeze no matter how much clothing you have on. But I would say try it at least once and it is great for people from out of town who have never been there.
3	I'm glad I "experienced"it, but it's sooooo not worth $17 to get in and $12 for one drink.Not really worth the $17 Groupon I bought for admission for two either.The drink was really refreshing in that ice cup, but there wasn't really enough alcohol in there too get a buzz going at all.Will I return? Nope.But it was cool and I'm glad I went.Would I recommend to a friend? Ummmm, only if you're brave enough to sneak in your phone and take your own pic (which plenty of people were doing)Bring your own socks. I couldn't tell if those blue boot liners were recycled.
3	Was it expensive?  YesWas it worth it? YesWould I do it again? NopeIt's not exactly as pricey as some of the bars/clubs in Vegas, but it's also not something I would want to pay another $30 to do again.  The room is smaller than you might guess from the pictures, but full of fun sculptures.  The drinks are tasty, but week for the $15 or so you shell out for it.Also they charge you a ridiculous amount for photos, which of course you're not allowed to take yourself.  Something like $20 per (sorry I don't know the exact number).  They also promise to upload it onto the website but for some reason they lost all the files for the day we went, so we only have the one hard copy :(Oh well, it is a pretty sick picture though.
3	Honestly it was kind of fun. But seriously 2 drink maximum.  The cold didn't bother me. But it was just boring and couldn't take your own pictures.  The drinks were okay but not really great.
3	This review is for the LODGE BAR outside of Minus 5. I'm local, and if I'm over in this direction, I'll stop in. It's a nice quiet place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip clubs and bars. They used to have really great happy hour specials on martinis, but they've stopped advertising those, so not sure if they did away with that. That was why I used to come here. They offered a really delicious dragonfruit martini! They are usually popping fresh (and free!) popcorn at night as well. The bartenders here aren't that friendly. They always seem more interested in watching TV or talking to each other. I've experienced this a few times here.
4	Really cool bar but super expensive! $17 for regular admission $34 for admission and 2 drinks. Cameras or phones are not allowed in cause they sell pics. Their pics are $20 for one or $40 for 3. It's very cold so I recommend wearing all the clothes they offer.
4	The cups were ice, the tables were ice, the bartender was nice, blah blah blah!!  Here's what you need to know:1.  Ladies-You do not need to wear snow shoes before your arrival.  I've seen ladies in short dresses and high heels walk in, THEN they clothe you the right way so you can enjoy your stay.2.  Your cover charge DOES include a drink or two, depending on the package.3.  It's for the sheer sake of experience.4.  Going with the right crowd means having a great time.  But that goes for all clubs and lounges.5.  You go the first couple of times, you got your fix.  But always fun for someone else's first time experience.Finally, THERE!  Now that you've done your homework, wanna go?
1	it's a fun experience, however...it's expensive.secondly, they do not tell you that you cannot bring a phone or camera inside until you've already paid to get in. They tell you photos are available for purchase or you can share them on facebook or twitter. that is a big fat lie! When you share the pictures on fb or twitter, there's a huge "DO NOT COPY" watermark on it, so essentially, the only way you can get the picture is to buy a copy for $20.i know i know, it's vegas, everything is expensive. but after spending about $30 for the entry fee & one cocktail, i do not care to spend another $20 on a picture.i'm most annoyed that this was not clear to us.
1	DISLIKE! The concept was cool and drew my attention to give it a try, but in the end, this place is a tourist trap. $17 gets you entry with some warm clothes. We were told that drinks cost $12-$16 inside so we were advised to get the package that includes two drinks and then a regular $17 package. While getting ready to go in, we were told to leave our cameras and phones in a locker. whoa! How can I document my experience. They advised us that someone will take our pic and we would need to purchase it ($20) or else share it on social media, "Like" it on FB, and then we can download it. Ok, we'll share it, we thought.The inside was cool-looking but we were the only ones there. Got our specialty drinks and then a photographer took our pics. It did get really cold close to an hour in. I ordered a beer and it only cost ($6-$7). The person outside left that info out, saying drinks cost you $12-$16! They were probably doing that to sell you the package. Not cool! Whole experience cost us over $65!Went back and followed the instructions to share our pic...only to see that there is a big "do not copy" imprint on our pics! Again, they failed to tell us that, only saying we can download our pics once we share the photos. I wouldn't have minded paying the amount we paid if we at least got our pics without that imprint once we shared, but instead I got a bitter cold feeling after having come here.
3	Is it expensive....yes but its Vegas. When else are you going to be in a club that's 5 below zero, drinking from a glass made of ice and sitting on a block of ice. Pay your admission, put on your parka (ladies might have to slip on some boots if wearing open toe shoes) and enter. Because they remove the humidity in the room I did not feel that cood and you cannot see your breath. Admission includes 2 drinks. Look for the free shot coupons that are distributed inside the Monte Carlo. Overall a different experience but its Vegas so have fun!
3	This is not a bar that you will want to spend more than an hour at. However, that being said, it is still an experience that is worth a visit. The bar menu consists of only vodka drinks, all are appropriately named for an ice bar. I ordered the Avalanche. It was pretty weak. I think you do get one drink ticket as part of their pre-selected packages.My biggest gripe is they don't allow you to bring in your own camera and their explanation is that they don't want to be responsible for damaged cameras due to the extreme temperature inside. Well, I'm from Chicago and it can get MUCH colder here than what the temp was at Minus 5 and I've never had damage to my camera outside in CHI winters. They offer a photographer taking pictures inside the bar. But, if you want the pictures, you have to pay :(For women, you can upgrade your package and be outfitted in a nice white, furry parka. They do look warm toasty but we did not upgrade, only opted for the basic package.
1	Waste of money, waste of time. We knew that it would be an expensive tourist trap when we went in. After all it's a bar made of ice at 5 below in Vegas, of course it's an expensive trap. But we had hoped that it was worth it. Instead it was a silly waste of money and a maddening waste of time. After we paid our $37 for entry (cost for coat rental and 2 drinks) we were immediately told that we had to put our phones in a locker. I balked and the girl was insistent. My phone cost me $500 and has my work life and family life on it. I doubt I would have gone in had I known of the no phone scam before I paid. I immediately turned to one of my friends and said "I'm sure that's because they want to take our picture in there and pry more money out of us by taking pictures of us". Sure enough, I was right. The putting your phone in a "locked" locker schtick was nothing more than an angle to pry more money out of you. We went in and got our drinks. Only cheap booze available, nothing there that I would order at a better bar. But we had pre-paid so what the heck, give me some nasty cheap potato vodka. It was time for me to get my second drink (2 drink "package") and I was waiting for the drunk newcomers to get served so I didn't have to deal with them. I thought they were done and went to the bar but the bartender spent the next ten minutes flirting with the cute drunk dude. He had his phone and she was cutely telling him he could get thrown out for it, but it was nothing more than cutesy flirting, she just giggled and flirted. I'm sure if she had seen me, the 50 year old dude with a phone she would have had me tossed on my head. He started being a dick and pawing in the tip jar, tossing the money in the air. She got pissed so he  threw her a hundred dollar bill and telling her to give him $80 back so she could have a $20 tip. So the next 5 minutes was googley eyes, drunk dude hitting on her, more googley eyes and giggling from the bartender etc etc. There was another guy at the bar who was ahead of me that looked extremely pissed about waiting. She FINALLY serves him then asks me what I want. I choose from the cheap booze available and she takes the bottle and turns it upside down and empties it. It is no more than half a shot so she takes the pour spout off the bottle and turns the bottle over, nothing comes out. She shrugs, literally freakin' SHRUGS, and hands it to me. I now have a half shot that cost me around $15 from a bartender who was as professional as a 15 year old. We finally leave and the locker that you put your phones in has a back door on the exit side. My friend had the key, but I went up to it and the door just opened, it wasn't even locked. The person who worked there said "It wasn't locked"? and laughed, LAUGHED. I left the place feeling like I had been tremendously scammed by a completely unprofessional place. I know, I know, I'm in Vegas and should expect to be scammed, but this was a monumental scam. I can't imagine anyone ever going there a second time. If you are reading these reviews because you haven't gone yet, please remain a person who has never gone there, Holy crap why did we make the trek down to Mandalay Bay for this nonsense.
4	I liked it here and I can't wait to go back and take my friend so he can experience the fun as well.I see people complaining about prices, well no duh dude IT'S VEGAS!!!  Show me a place that doesn't charge you $25 for a martini or $17 for a simple cranberry and vodka.  Anything I drink in my home state when I head to Vegas I honestly expect to pay double if not triple.  People that think it's specific to his place obviously don't know Vegas.  I've vacationed here many times and not once has it ever been cheap.  So if you're going to whine about the prices of Minus 5 then you clearly need to vacation somewhere else like a retirement cruise off the coast of Florida playing shuffleboard.You can't take your camera in, yeah it sucks but it's their business.  Two reasons for it, one they probably had some moron that dropped their phone or camera and reported the company to the BBB and tried to force them to pay back the money for it.  I'm guessing they whined they sat it down on the cold table and it ruined it or they slipped on the cold ice and dropped it, and it never would have happened if Minus 5 provided lockers.  Just a pretty good hunch on partiality on what led to the banning of camera's and phones.  Additionally they've got to make there money somehow, right?  You go there for the experience to say you did it, most people stay there for 30 minutes to an hour, that's not enough time to really buy a lot of drinks and bring in a large volume of clients that are clubbing it up to the sounds of a DJ.Others complain they weren't aware they couldn't take their cameras in but it says it right on the website.  I'm smart, I looked the place up on my cell phone before walking in the door.  I asked questions at the front desk before handing them my money.  I didn't pay for it like a moron and ask surprised when I found out the rules.  And Minus 5 isn't the first place I've seen where they say NO CAMERAS!!!  I see it at concert events all the time, I see it at comedy clubs, I see it so many other places.  It's not a surprise at all.I really think the company you take can make the experience fun or horrible.  That's not just with Minus 5 but Vegas as a whole.  I've been with Debbie Downers before and I've been with replica pack of the Hang Over.  It's the attitude you take when you go.  Minus 5 is an experience that you'll get to say you've done in your life. Honestly think about how many people can claim they went to an ice bar before?  Because as far as I know, myself and one other friend are the only ones that can say we did it and for us it was fun.
4	Pretty neat experience. Yeah it is expensive.. but so is everything else in Vegas.
1	way over priced. watered down shots, guy handing coats out had a curse words everyother word. It was small and cramped. they make you put your phones and cameras inside lockers so you cant take pictures inside. only way to get pictures of the experience is to pay the way over priced admission to get through the door and $25 for 1 picture. drinks are pricey for sure. My wife had a good time and not to say I didn't but I sure wouldn't recommend this place to anyone else.  It was a for sure tourist trap!
3	This is definitely something to try. It's a neat experience but quite pricey and no cameras allowed in. A "cool" New Zealand experience without going there
4	What more can I add except another photo in cold weather attire and a Pro Tip:  You can eat the glasses!  I saw a gal across from us eat TWO of them!Good times and definitely an interesting experince if you find yourself in Vegas.NOTE: No cameras are allowed inside as they provide photographers and offer the photos for sale later.
3	It was a fun experience, however make sure you book a reservation 24 hours in advance if you are using a Groupon or coupon, because the female staff get very snappy and condescending if you do not. We called ahead and asked if it was fine to use our Groupon even though we had not made reservations, and the girl who answered the phone said it was fine. Apparently, she did not run that by the rest of the staff because they pretty much made us feel like we had broken a cardinal rule when we arrived. Besides the inhospitable front desk staff, the bartender was awesomely entertaining and the rest of the experience was positive. Probably will not go back again, unless I have visitors from out of town, but it's worth at least one visit if you have not already been.
5	Go here instead of the one in Monte Carlo. Everyone was so nice and got us in right away. The guy Ruptor at Monte Carlo wasn't busy at all and turned us away... total BS! Thanks Minus 5(Mandalay Bay)! Gonna definitely come back and bring all our friends the next time we visit!
4	I love this place. Everything is made outta ice. The Bar and seats even the glasses you drink from are solid ice. It's a little pricey but I'm sure the a/c bill is pricey too. Staff has always been very friendly. First time visiting we opted for the fur coat package. This 2nd visit we did the cheaper parka package and had just as much of a great time. It's worth a visit at least once to the ice bar. Keep it chilly my friends! I gave it 4 stars only because it's a little pricey.
5	This was something definitely out of the norm for a Los Angeles native such as myself. The wife and I were roaming around and happened to see the "Minus 5" signage outside of the building. I had seen Ice Bars on TV, but this was the first time I was steps away from one...The young lady at the desk asked if he had any questions as we looked over the prices. Let me add that one of the first things I saw was a sign that said "NO CELL PHONES OR RECORDING DEVICES," so I not sure why this was a shock to Yelpers. We know what we were getting into when we paid.We selected the $37 package, as the 2 drinks were more appeasing to me than the upgrade to a fur coat. Once we were in the "staging" area, the young lady directed us to put our stuff in the locker. I pushed my luck and asked if I could Vape inside and she laughed and said no, all electronics needed to be put in the locker. My wife was given Ugg type of boots and we were both fitted with the blue parka. She informed us that a photographer would be in to take pictures. Mind you, we had no expectations of the ice bar other than it was going to be cold. Once we walked through the door, we were in awe. The ice sculpting, along with the lighting made the whole room absolutely beautiful. Once we roamed around the room (which wasn't that big) we went to the bar, which was made of ice as well. We were greeted by Arturo, the bartender. This dude was definitely one of the freshest bartenders we met while in Vegas. He informed us that our drink tickets covered anything they had at the bar. Usually when you buy a package that come with drinks, there is a restriction on what you can get, not the case here and we were excited. Another young lady had come in to take pictures. She was super cool and made the whole picture taking experience in the ice bar really fun. While we were there, Arturo answered questions we had about the bar, about night life, not just at the ice bar, but around Vegas, and gave us cool tips about vacationing in Vegas. I wish we had met him our first night there instead of on the last stop on our visit. Half way through my wife made mention that her ears were really getting cold. Arturo offered her his Russian style hat which she gladly accepted.When we exited the bar, they ladies took our parkas and pointed us toward the lockers. One lady had mentioned that our pictures were on the screen if we were interested in purchasing one or more. Not for one second did we feel like they were pressuring us to buy them. It was such a great experience, we went ahead and purchased 3 of them. The lady had told us she had a coupon and applied it for us. I am really happy we had this experience and I can't wait to take my friends so that we can all freeze and drink together. I definitely would not recommending taking that one friend who can't have an experience of any sort without trying to toss some salt into the fun. Go with people who are willing to experience something out of the norm.
3	In the words of Andre 3000... "What's cooler than being cool?!"The answer might be Minus 5 Ice lounge, this place is freezing! I came here on a whim after attending a meeting at the Mandalay Bay and found out getting into the "ice room" is a bit of a process. First, you have to put on a heavy duty winter coat and some anti-freezing gloves and If you're wearing sandals or heels, they do offer furry boots and sanitary foot covers. Hopefully this will keep your feet free of any fungus from a midwest tourist. Now let's make like Elsa and head to the frozen tundra. Minus 5 isn't just a clever name, it's a dose of reality as soon as you walk-in. The cold air is like punch in the gut and can definitely sober you up. I was actually surprised at the size of this place...I thought it would be bigger. When you first enter you're greeted by a giant ice sculpture of a Yeti (which is awesome), ice chandeliers, frozen benches and a entire bar carved out of ice. Good, because I'm thirsty!This is actually pretty cool (pun intended) they serve all of their cocktails out of rock glasses made of solid ice! If you're feeling saucy you can sip drinks straight from the nipple. Yup, there's a full ice sculpture of a women with straws coming out of her nipples. Before you ask, no I didn't try these. Ice Ice Vegas baby!This is a fun spot to bring your out-of-town friends or family, but I wouldn't come here on a regular basis. It would be a bit pr-ICE-y. Get it?PRO TIP: They don't allow cell phones inside, so either stash them or leave them in a cubby at the front. I would stash it.
4	Gets colder the longer you're inside, i suggest drinking a large amount to stay warm. However, prices aren't too bad for Vegas but the amount of alcohol per shot is easily less than an ounce.  :/ the decor is great. Everything ice including the cups. The photographer is awesome she was probably my favorite part of the bar. Overall everyone should experience it at least once :))
3	Crazy expensive, super fun, no photos, mediocre drinks. Was worth the spend for a fun experience and that nifty bear hat, but the no photos that really pissed me off.
1	They rescheduled twice, then tried moving us to the Monte Carlo location one hour before our reservation. Yeah, no thanks.
3	Check this place off our life list.  The concept is neat...but that's about it. Came here on a Monday mite after dinner. We just wanted to pay the basic price of $17 a person just to get in.....however we got the look for the lady about your just going to go in and not drink? So we shelled out $80 freaking dollars for 2 people. We got the blue coats, boots and gloves along with 2 drinks each. Lame they won't let us bring a phone In.  They want to keep it that way so they screw people into coming in. Okay so we get suited up and walk in to.........a closet size bar. I can't believe how small and awkward it was in there.  We could only stay for 10 mins because our hands began to cramp up. The drinks were extremely strong and went do very smoothly,  no complaints.  The only thing we walked out with was a coaster lol. It's nice to say we did it but once is all you need. Don't let's the eyes of workers decide what package you want. It's Vegas and they want your money one way or another.
3	It's a fun one time thing to do. The drinks were super yummy, staff was great, and the atmosphere was fun. We were bummed about no phones but we danced, talked & just acted silly since there was so distraction. Wish I could have snapped a few though.
1	I always wanted to kick back at a bar made of ice. It didn't feel like a winter wonderland at all though. Met a lot of super nice people and had great conversation but also drank some very average cocktails and left feeling cheated. It would have been awesome if we could freely use our phones and if there was something to do inside in addition to ordering a drink, standing, dancing, and sitting down. People weren't really in a dancing mood. I won't come back.
4	"This place is so COOL!" Definitely the most overused phrase of the evening, haha! It's not a bar you'd frequent often but it's a definite must-do when in Vegas. Personally I thought it would be a great idea for a first-date. It really is a fun experience. Just go to beat the Vegas heat, freeze your buns off and live like an Eskimo for a few hours, if nothing else. If it wasn't for Groupon, I would never have found this place. I'm so glad I did because it looks pretty pricey. There are so many add-ons with fur coats and hats. Cell phones are not allowed inside either so those commemorative photos probably add up quickly. But as always, Groupon to the rescue! Coats, boots, gloves, stiff drinks and hard nipples are what you should expect. ;) Everyone there seemed to be having a great time, out of their comfort zone for sure but having fun nonetheless. Mostly out-of-towners stripping down to their underwear with the exception of me & my date. But we were content just people watching and steaming up the room haha! Looking back I probably should have opted for the glove upgrade because my hands were so warm I ended up melting my glass haha! 4 star experience, it would've been 5 if it was a bit bigger. I wasn't expecting such a small room. So if you're looking for an intimate and cool experience, come check it out.
4	I LOVE this bar and I would go again.  The staff is super nice, the environment was neat.  The booze was okay- but so not the point.
3	A fun novelty joint.   Reminded me of Detroit winters.   Even better when  you see drunk people vomit on the tables made of ice.
5	Visited Minus 5 this past Saturday night around 11:30. I called ahead to take a reservation and there were many openings. When we arrived we were greater promptly at the front and the girl who worked there went through all the options available to purchase an experience. The coats were in good condition, the gloves were a little thin but clean and we were also offered boots. I was worried about wearing shoes that others had worn but you get to put little feet protectors on before slipping on the boots. You are not allowed to bring you cameras or phones in but that is clearly stated at the location and online so I wasn't surprised and I had planned on buying a photo anyways. It would have been nice if we could have taken them in. They could just have you sign a waiver stating they're not responsible for your phone if it's damaged by the club temps and then if signed they should let you take it in. Just a suggestion. The club was cozy in size and not overly busy which was surprising for the time and day. The bartender was very nice and funny. The photographer offered to take as many photos as we wished which I was nice also.  The music was hip hop and pop hits and many people were dancing a little and mingling. The sculptures are amazing and I felt like I got my money's worth. I'd suggest this place to others who visit Vegas and want a totally different and new experience.
5	Sometimes what happens in Vegas is Cold!Literally. We happened to eat at a restaurant downstairs from this bar called RM Seafood and had a view of the windows to this Lounge and decided, what the heck let's try it!  It was the highlight of our weekend.  This is a must do when in Vegas.  You can opt for the less expensive Parka package or the Fur Coat package, either way, its so worth the money.  They also provide boots and gloves but no cell phone's allowed.  They actually provide you with a locker you can place your items in which was super convenient.  Everything from the floor, ceiliing, chandeliers, seats, tables and glasses are made of ice.  We had a great time trying all of the fun drinks and the bar tender was amazingly patient and friendly while we tried figuring out what we wanted.  We even accidentally ordered the wrong drink by mistake and they gave us new ones with no questions asked.  Service at the check in counter, bar and gift shop were very friendly and accomodating. Can't wait to go back and do it again!
1	I wish I could give this place Minus 5 stars!This place was a huge waste of time. It's basically a bar in a large freezer. And minus 5 degrees is actually measured in Celsius, so it's really only around 23 degrees Fahrenheit. You're not allowed to take a camera into the bar since they want to earn money from a photographer taking pictures, selling them for $20 each. But, if you're sneaky enough, I'd recommend not putting your camera in the locker and taking your own pictures instead.Ultimately though, I recommend that you just don't go. If you live in a colder climate, just wait until the wintertime and have a few drinks outdoors in the freezing temperature. It's basically the same experience.
5	I am amazed by some of the reviews. People are complaining that a bar made of carved ice is cold. It's made of ice. Frozen ice. Things start to freeze at 32 degrees. To keep it solid, it has to be colder. If you don't know basics like that....Also, no, you cannot take in your phones/cameras. The cold can damage them. A photographer will take pictures with a professional camera for you. They only cost like 5 dollars. I have two pictures of our group and they came out very well. The photographer was very sweet, as well. Yes, you have to wear a parka/boots. Most people in Vegas have been drinking. Drinking+exposure to cold=frostbite and hypothermia. Use your brain.I had lots of fun in this bar. We went in with a group and found it really amusing. They change out their statues often. The booths are ice covered in faux fur padding. The tables are also ice. The drinks were good. Not too strong, but they give you free drink tickets, so you can have more than one. They also have jello shots that are pretty good. The drinks are fruity and nice. The cups are made of ice, which is cool concept. The bar tender was amazing and he made the experience very fun for us. The entire staff was quite sweet. It's a fun place.
3	I had to check this place out. It was definitely different. We paid about $50 for 2 people to enter and have 1 drink each. They don't let you bring in cell phones to take pictures, however they'll take your picture for $20. I'm glad I went, but doubt I'll ever go again.
3	We were told about Minus 5 Ice Lounge by many people, so when we were in Vegas, we went to the one in Mandalay Bay. It's definitely a unique experience. We opted for the Two Cocktail Experience so it came out to $40/person to include 2 drinks as well as gloves & a coat to use while inside the bar. I'll say it was over-priced but the bartenders working inside were really nice & made some tasty drinks for us. Everything is made of ice including the benches to sit on, the bar top, the cups, etc, so like I said, very unique. We, however, weren't impressed with the fact that we weren't able to take our phones inside to take our own pictures. $20 for 1 picture & $40 for 3 pictures is very excessive. We had to ask the bartender to grab the photographer who works there to take our photos & when she finally came inside, she seemed like she was pretty careless. She took 4 different photos of us and walked back out immediately. It wasn't as though it was very busy so it would've been nice if she was more attentive since we were going to pay for the photos.After going there, I'd say this is a one-time destination but not somewhere worth going over and over.
5	I actually had a great time here...... In a way.... Too great of a time. We spent over an hour here and I forgot how many comped drinks I got but needless to say when I walked out the freezer and into the hot vegas summer heat it hit me hard. Good place to try if you have never been then. If there is a next time I would get the fur coat.
5	Love this place! worth the money if you like bars with a fun theme, friendly staff and genuine experience. They also play really fun music ranging from the 80's to hiphop to rock. If you get the pass that gives you two free drinks you can pawn one of the drink chips off on a buddy who might have paid the basic entry fee. Since this bar requires a hefty cover compared to other Vegas bars to get in it is not crowded and there are plenty of places to sit and relax while taking in the wintery sights. The only downside to this is that you are not allowed to bring cameras and phones in with you, but like theme parks they take your picture for you and you have the option to buy them when you get out. We bought one of the pictures for $20 which is pretty steep but we all loved the experience so it would have been a shame not to get one. The snowflake drink is super good incase you are bewildered about your drink choices.Wear whatever you want because when you get in they will give you coats, hats and boots so no worries there. Have a fun time in Vegas!
1	It was very expensive, and we didn't even get the fur parkas that are advertised. Instead, they gave us ugly giant blue jackets. We were uncomfortably cold, and nothing they provided made it a fun or enjoyable experience. The bar is tiny, and it's only moderately novel at best. Save your money!
3	It's a cool experience. You go in, you give them a card to keep an open tab, you put on their complimentary parka jacket, and ugly gloves. They take you into the back area which is the size of a living room- maybe a bit larger. The entire bar is created and maintained by an ice sculptor. The cups are ice, the seats are ice, and the bar is made of ice. They know you are not going to stay and drink long so they charge you admission to get in. Plan on spending no more than 30mins to 1 hour here, but if you have "done it all" in vegas, this was a pretty cool place to ad to the list.
3	I was really intrigued by the concept of this place. The idea of a bar made completely out of ice sounded so incredibly cool. And when I finally went, it was incredibly cool...for a few minutes. After that, it really sinks in that you paid a bunch of money to be freezing. It's not that I was unhappy with the decision to go, because ultimately it was a cool experience and I'm glad I can say that I did it. It's just that the concept is inherently flawed because it's really, really cold.Before you get frostbite, you will be enamored by all of the intricate ice sculptures and marvel at the fact that someone took the time to create them. You will also appreciate the way the lighting accentuates the sculptures. Then you will shiver. Other thoughts:- The bartender working that night was pretty cool. - It was kind of a bummer that we couldn't take our phones in.- The place was kind of dead. I expected it to be a lot busier than it was. - It was cold.
5	Like everyone else has said...the only downside is that you can't bring your phone-bummer. How can you expect to enjoy the experience in a digital age where everyone "needs" iphone pics to post on facebook to show off how much fun they're having in Vegas if they won't let you bring in your phones? They also never walked around with a photog-even if we did want to purchase the souvenir pic! Pros- we found a groupon for the 2 drink experience-saved our entire group about $70 for 5 of us! It was cold, but tolerable! We all lasted about an hour-which is a pretty decent amount of time. They give you gloves (to keep or donate). Music=cool, People=cool Ice=cool! Cons= other than the no-photo rule, the space is quite confined. It's not nearly as big as you'd imagine. It's the size of my bedroom, but covered in ice. Not enough seating, then again, who wants to sit on ice for very long! Worth it! If this is somewhere you've been contemplating whether to visit, just do it. Find a coupon and just go! If you hate it, then don't do it again. Also, I live in Texas, so I think a bar made of ice sounds a lot cooler than someone from up north would imagine!
3	Ok so the idea was super cool but ultimately it's far to expensive for what it is. The actual room is quite tiny so our group of 11 pretty much took up the whole space. You can't take any pictures unless you pay for a package with a photographer, or pay $20 separately for an off centered photo from a crappy photographer. The drinks were really tasty but so small in a ice cup, also about 20 bucks so be prepared to spend money. My boyfriend figured the package for $75 would be the best bet (comes with 2 drinks, souvenir hat, one picture etc) but once we were inside we realized how that's an outrageous price for what you're getting... So my recommendation would be to go cuz it's kinda cool but don't buy the VIP packages... Cuz it just seemed like they were gouging us for your money!
5	My absolute favorite thing we did in Vegas! That's because I appreciate pretty things and art! The ice sculptures are pretty amazing! It sucks you can't bring your camera/phones in so your stuck buying their pictures for about $20 a picture. Because it's so cold we only lasted about 55 minutes in there. The bar tender was super friendly and gave us advice on all the things to/not to do in Vegas.
5	Definite must see! Where else can you sit on ice furniture and drink out of ice cups?!? Our experience here was awesome. The staff was super friendly, the drinks were delicious( try the iceman) our bartender was extremely personable and our photographer took some really good pictures of our group! I was super happy and will definitely be back!!!
1	Wow, the other reviewer's experiences are not indicative of my experience here. Getting into the bar, I realized why photos are not allowed. It is because they do not want the secret out that the bar while interesting loses its interest in five minutes and you are left basically paying a lot for a night in a Minnesota winter. The bar is boring and a waste of money.
4	What a amazing place. It was awesome inside! I wish we could have brought a camera in so we could take pics cause the photos they took cost 20$ which is ridiculous price for one photo. We went there for a lunch drink and no one was there so we had the whole place to ourselves! It's definitely an experience.
5	O MY Gosh this place was freaking awesome, fun, and a bit cold!! Was here for the night of my 21st birthday and wow I am so freaking glad we didn't get too drunk at Red Square because thats where we were at during the midnight part of turning 21. Well we kinda swirved in here from the previous place I noticed that it was not really that busy. Got here around 12:30ish or so and were greted and set up right away. The lady helping us wasn't that pleasant or talkative but whatever. Note you can not take your cell phones in so yea kinda kills the Cold Selfie plans but whatever the coolness of this place more than makes up for it. Everything is made out of ice so try not to slip lol. They dont have a very large selection for drinks and the bar is semi small but its a freaking Ice room doesnt get much cooler!! We did that 2 drinks, gloves, and jacket package and I think it was defintley a good deal. The drinks were pretty good, I personally liked that peachy orange colored one kinda reminded me of Kerns juice haha. Will defintley be back and will continue to recommend this place to friends and family heading down to Vegas!!
