5	We decided to check out E2 on opening night.  Why? Because how often do you get a chance to watch an icon of the food business cook in person, that's why! Our journey started with a call to make a reservation, the lady I spoke with was super friendly as well as very prompt but thorough.  She asked if there were any allergies that they should be aware of, which instantly signaled that this was not going to be a normal night out.  After arriving at E2, we were greeted with a wonderful ambiance and also several staff members, all willing to lend a helping hand in assisting us with our evening.  And then we were seated in front of the kitchen area, which is open to view from nearly the entire restaurant.  Emeril waved as we walked in and greeted us with a warm smile.  Our waiter came and offered us drinks, and presented us with the menu.  We decided to try the chicken and waffle for an appetizer, followed by the duck for myself and the filet mignon for my wife, and finally finishing the meal with the huckleberry upside down cake with brown butter ice cream.  I must say that the chicken and waffles were the heavenly! My wife who doesn't like dark meat chicken even ex pained that if all dark meat tasted like theirs, she would eat dark meat almost exclusively.With the exception of the steak, which was not cooked to our specifications, everything s cooked perfectly. But even with the steak, before my wife could really eat any of it, our waiter was right there, and insisted that he takes it back for them to correct the situation.  The plating was also very nice, but the thing that struck the highest note to me, wasn't the food as much as the service.  Don't get me wrong, my food was top notch, its just that the service was flawless in every way possible.This might not be an every night of the week place to chow down, but for special occasions, this is definitely a spot to strongly consider!
5	We tried E2 on opening weekend and it was fantastic. The atmosphere was energetic and fun. We sat at a table with a great view into the kitchen and enjoyed watching the action. The food was outstanding. The gumbo and the shrimp & grits were heavenly and others in our party thoroughly enjoyed steak and the corn risotto. We had a great time and will definitely be back.
4	A beautiful place, wonderful service and a great meal. That, my friends, is what e2 offers to the Queen City! Some folks may be a bit concerned about yet another celebrity chef owned restaurant...and it's not without reason. I think many of us have been to an over-hyped restaurant of such type and have been disappointed. Yet, e2 bucks these potential mishaps and proves that a giant celebrity (Emeril) owned restaurant can produce beautiful food without a ridiculous amount of fanfare. Service: 5/5: Fantastic service from the valet to the servers. The (free) valet attendees practically sprinted to welcome us, open our car doors and the restaurant doors. Out server, Leigh, was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and helped my friend and I navigate through the potential eats. Food & drink: We sampled a bunch of items..so here we go!Collins: 4/5: Mmm a refreshing grapefruit and booze cocktail. Nicely constructed with just a bit of froth - nice! Grilled calamari: 4/5: I don't recall the last time I had grilled calamari, so this dish was a fresh surprise! Lightly grilled hunks of calamari atop a fragrant slice of lemon with a tasty dipping sauce. My only request is that there was a bit more punch in the sauce. Ceviche: 5/5: One of the ceviches I've had...ever. This particular item was filled with snapper and a boatload of herbs and lime. It was fresh, vibrant, and delicious. Cornbread Muffins (gratis in bread basket): 4/5: I love cornbread...in any form. So imagine my delight when a basket of rolls and cornbread hits the table. The creamy butter slathered on the cornbread muffin was fab. I did find the cornbread just a tad dry, though. Nothing a little butter couldn't remedy! Bone marrow: 2/5: I tried the bone marrow but the idea of it really makes me squeamish. It doesn't help that the presentation is a giant half-bone filled with (marrow, duh) and spices. The flavors were lemony, but I couldn't get past the gelatinous texture and premise. Seared tuna: 3/5: Extra fresh, seared tuna. This was a solid dish, but nothing to write home about. Scallops: 4/5: Perfectly cooked scallops swimming in a tasty crab (and butter) broth. The leeks were a delightful accompaniment to the dish. The one thing I was looking for to jazz up this dish was a bit more spice or flavor. The crab broth is very subtle and mild...I would have loved a bit of BAM in the dish! Sweet potato cheesecake: 5/5: Creamy, sweet potatoes whipped into a sugary confection. The marshmallow topping and pomegranate seeds really made this dessert a standout. Ambiance: 4/5: It's a great looking restaurant with a very long set up and plenty of interesting alcoves. You'll see plenty of copper and muted brown tones and gorgeous lighting. The bar is extremely close to the front doors, so unless you arrive early in the evening, it may be tough to nab some space to grab a drink or two. I'm absolutely looking forward to heading back to e2. BAM.
4	Really solid 4 star spot.  Dinner was really good--especially the bread.  Man, the cornbread muffin and potato bread is just ridiculously good.  Ordered a bunch of stuff to try out in general and they were all really solid.  It's a little aways from being a 5-star, but moreso because it didn't really leave me wanting more in the end.  The location and space looks really clean, but not austere.  Friendly staff and great food.  A little bit of extra hype because its BAM! Emeril, but it fit the bill quite well. What could push this to 5 stars?  Emeril in the kitchen.  Will I be back? So long as they got that bread...  Friendly staff.I doubt anyone can really say anything bad about this place.  Gonna leave the long reviews to the others..dmo out.
2	I was disappointed.  The good: the decor, ambviance and service were excellent.  Unfortunately,  the food was lacking and bland. BLAND!  At Emerils.  The ham appetizer was very good.  The squid was just ok and tasteless.  We had pork and the fish special (striped bass).  Both were very bland and the pork was dry and overcooked.  The collards that came with the pork was good.   Truthfully, this should probably be 3 stars but I felt I needed to balance the people who always overrate places that "should" be good.   I probably will not go back for dinner but may go for appetizers before a show.  I think with a big name on the place it should be excellent this was barely average.
3	I really had high hopes for this place and plan on giving it a second try after they have worked out the kinks.  The space is great, the bartender was super friendly (dirty martini was delicious), the menu looks enticing and everyone's food around me seemed to be tasty but my calamari a la plancha was slimy and rubbery, my scallops were overcooked (but the broth they were in was amazing - wish there was more) and the salad was overdressed.  The service was...awkward - the hostess sat us in a corner of the chef's bar and explained that we couldn't sit in the other open seats where you can see them preparing the food because it's first come first serve (??).  But, given that, they're a new restaurant and maybe a newer cook prepared my food.  Will give it another shot in a few months and probably go there just for drinks in the meantime.
2	Totally Disappointing-I came in last Monday and was really excited about trying this place- i figured it was going to be great seeing as successful his other restaurants are- i was sadly mistaken. Starting from the beginning our server was very sweet but her food knowledge and wine knowledge were both extremely poor- she could not pronounce the specials - i cant imagine if we had questions about them that she would be able to answer them correctly- she struggled with knowing where the oysters came from- i wish i could've saved us all time and turned behind me as they were posted on the board with all of the other fish. As far as my cocktail it was a great margarita probably should've just stopped there!! My friend ordered another beer he had one at the bar first and she asked for his ID- Umm if he already has a beer why is it necessary to check it again- more of a nuisance if you ask me.Ok so I love food and so do the people i dine with so we like to try a little bit of everything- we started with the Tuna Crudo- this was ok it was nice and fresh. Roasted Marrow on the Bone- it was ok barely any Marrow so it was hard to really get a good feel. Ham 2 ways- barely any Ham, served on 2 crostinis that was so much bread you couldn't even taste the Ham-not ok. Chicken and Waffle- good, again not very much of it but flavors were good. Ok so for all of the starters the one thing they all had in common was they were extremely small and you were barely able to taste the flavors correctly because it was poorly executed. Still Starving!! Now at this point I order a bottle of wine- we waited for a bit and then our sweet server came over to let us know the wine was coming, but not yet since the managers are the only ones able to get the wine and right now they are dealing with Valet- Umm ok so you rather deal with valet then bring wine to your tables- if this is the case let the servers get they're own wine to eliminate something like this. I was pretty annoyed at this point. But then she brings it over- she cant even properly open the bottle, she leaves the foil on the lip and then pours our wine by holding it at the neck of the bottle- silly yes, but again were they not refreshed on wine service or at least told what  they're standards as a restaurant are.  Moving on along next up salads- 2 Burrata mozzarella salads  and 1 Arugula salad- the Burrata itself was ok the salad was barely dressed and barely had any balsamic on it- i cant comment on the Arugula but it seemed like he enjoyed it. For our Entrees i had the Duck- which i would say is the best dish of the night. the flavor was great and my duck was cooked nicely. My friends had the Rib eye- it was extremely bland and really just not good. My other friend had the Scallops now by looking at them they were cooked perfectly- but when you tasted them they had a very burnt taste to them like they didn't use butter or oil in the pan before they seared them- again poor execution. Desert was really where it fell apart for me- I had ordered the Bread pudding it was served with Chocolate Ice cream  - the Ice cream was nice the Bread Pudding was so oily that it was separating my Ice cream, like i get that its not a healthy desert and of course its made with butter but i have never had one that was this oily- extremely disappointing, but not as disappointing as my Tea- yes my hot tea was not served with enough hot water so it was so strong and not drinkable- i would have told my server this if she would've come back to the table sooner but that didn't happen. So all in all i had a pretty bad dinner experience and i felt like the real kicker was when we all shelled out $100 each yes $ 400 for a dinner that i really didn't like and it was not in NYC so i cant justify it by saying- well that's just the prices- nope its Charlotte and I couldn't be more disappointed in Emeril's choice of staff in both the back and the front of the house.
5	We had an outstanding dinner!  Every detail was perfect.  Good selection of beers, including a few local brews and even the glasses are perfectly balanced.  The potato rolls were little pillows of fluffy goodness, brushed with butter and sprinkled in fleur de sel. The butternut squash soup was silky and sweet, with a nice counterpoint of astringency added by raw apple matchsticks and creme fraiche. My husband had the citrus tea lacquered duck with barley risotto which was rich and yet not too heavy. I had scallops in crab broth with mushrooms, leeks, and tiny potatoes the size of olives, perfectly cooked.  For dessert, my husband had the roast pear with oatmeal crumble topping set off beautifully by the tart frozen yogurt. I enjoyed the trio of puddings, which included mocha, bourbon butterscotch, and jasmine rice pudding.  My lord, the jasmine rice pudding!  Toothsome and floral, it was magic!  Each dish had a balance of flavors that was surprising and enjoyable.  Now I understand why Emeril is a star; he and his staff create a great dining experience all around.
4	E2 or Emeril's Eatery is great! My wife and I chose E2 for our weekly date night dinner on Friday night. We started with the Pork Cheeks which reminded me of Lamb Osso Bucco. They were incredibly tender and flavorful. We had a great bottle of Charles Smith Syrah which complemented it beautifully. We skipped the salads and went straight for main courses. She had the scallops and I had the citrus tea duck. The scallops were not able to hold up to the Syrah, but that is my wife's fault... although I'd never tell her. My duck was great! It was a huge portion, nearly half a duck, which blew me away. The skin was delicious with juicy savory tea flavors and not crispy as one reviewer noted, but it was not meant to be crispy. Either way Awesome!
4	I was really excited to go to Emeril's new restaurant in Charlotte, but then I became a little worried when I read some of the early reviews. However, when I did go, on a Friday night, with a bunch of friends, I was pleased with my experience.Service: Excellent! Our waiter, Grant, had the answers to all of our questions, and was very accommodating to our whole group.Food: This is where I have seen the most mixed reviews, but our meals were very good. I had the duck, and it was definitely the best dish on the table. 2 people had the pork loin, and 1 really liked it, while the other was lukewarm on it. I tried it and I thought it was really good. It did come with some potatoes (my husband asked to switch the purple sweet potatoes for other potatoes, that looked like fingerlings) that were so piping hot, we couldn't even eat them for a few minutes, Someone else had the fish on special (a Peruvian white fish, I can't remember what it was), and that was also very good. The appetizers were good, but I thought over priced. For $12-$15, they were pretty small. Desserts were all good. At the table we had the huckleberry upside down cake (delicious), the warm pear (probably the best), and the assortment of 3 puddings (yummy, but none of the spoons we had were long and thin enough to get to the pudding at the bottom of the glass.Drinks: They were good, but expensive; $12 for each drink.Ambiance: Where our table was located was great. We were off to the side, next to one of the panels of differently colored glass. I was glad we didn't have to sit in the front of the restaurant though, where the huge screen on the outside of the Knight theater lurks above.Overall, I would suggest this place for a special occasion. I wouldn't say it's the best restaurant in the city, but it's good.
3	What happened to the Bam? Bam, Bam? E2 falls a few yards short of the wham, bam and thank you maa'm. It was good while it lasted. Now, I don't want to give the impression that the food was horrible, but It's Emeril for god sake. J&W, Nola, flava town, bam! How can you not go in expecting that spice, that cajun flavor? Is Emeril following the Paula Dean diet? The legend just doesn't deliver to the legacy of his reputation, and his reputation really does precede him. Everything we sampled was lightly seasoned. So light that I was tempted to stop at the Cook Out after. The best thing on the menu is the duck, and even that wasn't the best I've had. For $32 you can get two pounded 1/2 thick slices of beef. For about $8 you can get 8 or so lightly marinated crab claws. And for another $16 or so you can throw in some mediocre oysters. While the service was impeccable, and I mean impeccable, the food just isn't worth the price tag. I mean, if dinner for two is going to cost well over a Benji, the food should be far from okay. The one good thing about E2? At least I've crossed out the bucket list of Charlotte restaurants and celebrity restaurants off the list.
4	Been here twice now and each experience was solid.  From the decor to the service to the cuisine selection and preparation, this is a quality night out for those evenings when you want to step up your game.  So, I get that whenever you have a celebrity restaurant there are a number of expectations that come with that concept.  Emeril Lagasse is generally thought of as a product of New Orleans and purveyor of all things creole.  If that's what you expect, this is not a place for you.  If, instead, you expect quality and inventive cuisine that takes risks but has the pedigree to pull it off, then you'll be a happy camper.The concept at e2 is generally farm to table, with a very hefty dose of fresh seafood thrown in.  Wherever possible, emphasis is placed on local-souring ingredients that are in-season to emphasize freshness and flavor.  This means the menu changes and there are chalk boards on either side of the open kitchen to advertise the best of the local finds for that day.You'll first notice from the numerous crudos to the oyster selections that seafood is predominate here.  Grilled calamari, ceviche, and a trio of fish crudos all stand out.  The extra *Bam* here, though, is in the details.  Tangerine infused oil with a garnish of micro cilantro, for example, takes hamachi from good to something memorable.  This is a theme throughout almost all of the dishes- the small details that combine to make a meal pop.  A spinach salad with fresh feta and a local honey vinaigrette comes together and stands out, as does buttery scallops in a crab broth seasoned with leeks and fennel.  These little details are easy to miss on the menu as the dishes are listed with the main protein in bold and bigger type above the rest of the description.  My advice: take your time with the menu and spend time talking with your server before making a selection.  Our servers have always been very well versed on the menu and quick to fill in the gaps.The wine list alone is laudable with numerous selections by both the glass and the bottle.  Do check out the bar wall for daily wine specials.  But you simply must check out the drink menu too.  Emeril likes his drinks less on the sugary side and more on the natural flavor side, so that the particular alcohol always plays a roll in the taste.  My wife adores the tangerine mash, made with bourbon, as it is both unique and the flavors complimentary without being cloyingly sweet.The desserts are also a necessary mention.  Everything is handmade daily, from the graham cracker crusts to the ice cream sides, by very talented hands.  While you might be tempted to skip it, I can assure you dessert here is not an afterthought and you should save room.My one quibble: our meal costs are always deceptively high here.  This is not the restaurant's fault, per se, but rather a creature of their pricing.  The crudo and appetizers and even salads and soups all seem reasonably priced in the solitary sense, but this quickly adds up on the final bill.  I know, this is user controlled, but to get a decent sized meal that explores the menu be prepared to pay some bucks.  Not bad as a special occasion, but that also means this place will not be a weekly regular.  Still, it's nice to have something to look forward to. e2 is for me too.
3	I am originally from NY and consider myself to be quite the foodie, so I was very excited that Emeril had opened a restaurant here in the Queen City. I had even bragged about it during a business trip to Denver during which time I told my colleague that we would have to go when she came to Charlotte the following week.So, we arrive and both agreed that while the decor was very trendy looking, we did not understand the uniforms on the waiters. For such a trendy and hip atmosphere, checkered button down shirts seemed WAY too casual. The waiter that we had, Mike, was AWESOME! He was well versed with the wine list as well as the menu. Since we weren't overly hungry, we skipped the appetizers and settled on the house salad. I have to say it was delicious and I was very excited about the dinner to come. I also have to mention that the potato rolls (carb addict) that were placed on the table once we arrived were delicious as well. We were both thinking, so far so good. Next came the entrees, like everyone else I had done my homework and opted for the Shrimp and Grits while my colleague ordered the Duck. Once our plates were placed in front of us, I knew I had went the wrong way on my entree choice. She LOVED her duck, but it definitely wasn't the best she had ever had. I was NOT happy with my shrimp and grits. It was very bland and I couldn't make out what the liquid was that was poured over it. As a matter of fact, if it weren't for the bits of pancetta, the meal would have been completely bland. I was the only one who had dessert and opted for a dish of brown butter ice cream with salted caramel. The ice cream was heavenly and I later found out that it actually did have bits of brown butter layered in with the ice cream. I guess I should have realized this, since it was called brown butter ice cream, but I did not enjoy the taste of those brown little butter bits in the middle of my heavenly ice cream.Long story short, the only reason I gave the restaurant three stars was because of my waiter. He was very attentive and knowledgeable. Will I go back?? I don't know. I think there are better restaurants here in Charlotte, so for now I will just be able to say that I have eaten at one of Emeril's restaurants. One other random thought, where was the BBQ shrimp appetizer that he is known for in his other restaurants?? I was kind of disappointed, by that as well.
5	Good wine pours, an absolute great martini drink (blood & sand) as well as cool campy decor with great service.  Oh the food! Yeah the food!  It's all a perfect storm.  I really enjoyed my recent visit via my girlfriend during my birthday celebration.  The service we recieved was spot on and just fantastic.  Not an overly pretentious space but you will spend quite a bit for the food and fare.Off the beaten path of Tryon Street is probably a plus in my mind as well.  The patio looks great and the outdoor furniture looked to be nice and comfy.While I was here I had the ribeye entree, preceeded by the shrimp pizza appetizer.  Both were absolutely perfect.  I wasn't really expectant of that level food but was very pleased at the perfect temperature of the steak and the juiciness that oozed from it.My girlfriend had a chicken entree and I fondly remember the phrase "best chicken I've ever had" being uttered.  That's a good sign!I really like this place and will be back soon.
4	Went to E2 for a team dinner the other night and came away mostly impressed.  The only missteps were on the service side where we all had menus for the first 10 minutes and when it came time to order, found out they were the lunch menus.  Took another 5 minutes to get the dinner versions.  Our server was kind of "blustery" but was appropriately attentive to the table needs throughout the evening.Food-wise, the gumbo of the day was duck and andouille and it was out of this world delicious!  Second best I've ever had, bested only by some alligator sausage gumbo I was lucky enough to try in New Orleans once.  Two others at the table got it and were similarly impressed.  For an entree, I had the fish special which was sauteed triggerfish on a bed of arugula and roasted artichokes/Vidalia onions.  The fish was well-prepared, very moist and flavorful and, as a whole, the dish was nicely balanced.Other dishes tried at the table receiving good reviews were the filet mignon, shrimp and grits (which got the most raves from those who ordered) and trout filet with a tapenade like salsa on top.  The one dish that got a kind of meh response was the pork chops (kind of thin, a little dry but good flavor).Having seen some up and down reviews, including a middle of the road one from the Observer food critic, I was interested to see what the experience would be.  Ends up, I will certainly keep E2 on the list for future visits.
5	I ate here 2 weeks ago on a Tuesday night on a business trip - I was really impressed, although this is high on the range of restaurants I normally eat at. The service was friendly and quick. The decor is modern and comfortable. The menu had many choices. The bar was very busy at around 7pm. We were seated near the kitchen which was interesting, since it is very open you could watch the food getting plated. We started off with cocktails - A mojito made just right, and the Yellowfin Tuna Crudo. It was good, very light and fresh tasting. The microbasil was a nice touch. The  Burrata Mozzarella salad was the best salad I have ever had. It was the perfect balance of flavors and the mozz was unforgettable. I could have eaten a giant bowl of only this salad. Forever.Entree was Roasted New Bedford Sea Scallops. They were obviously cooked to perfection and the vegetables were a nice complement. The crab broth was smooth but could have had a tiny bit more flavor - I would still order it again. We split dessert - Warm Huckleberry Upside Down Cake with an addition scoop of dark chocolate icecream. Wow. It was buttery for sure. The tart huckleberries were tasty and great with the brown butter ice cream. The dark chocolate icecream was rich, but kind of too sweet for a "dark" chocolate" flavor.  I would love to try everything else on the menu, especially if the service continues to be so quick!
4	Love it here. This is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte. We eat here at least every couple of weeks. Great Tuna Crudo, salads, fresh catch, and the sweet potato cheesecake.
3	Perhaps, I was expecting too much from e2. I wasn't necessarily disappointed, but I wasn't impressed either. The ambiance is neat, and the service and drinks (the grasshopper was yum!) commendable, the food however, was less than fantastic. For one, the portions were kinda small, and the flavor not what i was expecting from a restaurant with Emril's name on it. It's definitely worth stopping by for a drink..
4	Only had drinks here. Despite their high price, they tasted amazing. Try the Grasshopper
4	We stopped at E2 for a couple of drinks mostly because it was convenient to the downtown location we were working at. The place was busy and the bar was full so we got some seats next to the open kitchen. It was fascinating to watch the chefs prepare the food and after a watching a few meals get prepared we decided to stay for dinner. The food was excellent. We had the turbot special, trout and filet mignon. Each dinner was well prepared and very tasty. It was fun to watch it being prepared and we all got to learn a thing or two about cooking. Service was very good and our server was both helpful with selections and fun. Definetely a place to try when visiting the area.
5	Again- delicious food, fast and friendly service, and exquisite desserts and cocktails. I couldn't help but order the Mozz salad again - so good. I think there was more salad and less toasted bread which was great. Entree was the striped bass special with ramps and other veggies - great flavors, the fish was amazing - cooked and seasoned perfectly. Dessert was split and we tried many of them. The bread pudding was very gingery with great flavor combinations!
4	I'm from New Orleans and have been enamored with Emeril Lagasse's cooking since he opened his first restaurant in the warehouse district in New Orleans in 1990. This new place has a very cool, relaxed vibe and terrific but personable service, but the reason to go, of course is the food.  It did not disappoint.  The food was very good, but not quite up to the dazzling standards Emeril has set in the Big Easy.  I found the gumbo of the day to be outstanding and the roasted NC trout to be quite good.I only wish the menu had a few more Cajun delicacies since that's what he can cook remarkably well (like the amazing dirty rice with pork cheeks he featured at the Taste of the Nation event).  I can't wait to go back again.
3	I have to say I was pretty disappointed with e2 overall. While there were positives the food was simply under-par. I've been to his restaurant in New Orleans (NOLA) and enjoyed that much more.Service- Excellent ...very friendly staff - consistent with NOLA for sure. Atmosphere- Pretty standard for a nicer restaurant. I love an open kitchen, it was quiet...very quiet for a Friday night. Wine- It's true, zero corkage fee. We were celebrating so we had a special bottle with us...a big plus!Food - The ceviche starter was very good as Nicole pointed out, and priced reasonably at $9. The wild arugula salad was good - but did not warrant the $12 price tag...at all. We had a grouper special which was served in an excellent sauce but was overcooked and we also had the trout - which was cooked just fine but I felt that the couscous was saturated in balsamic...not pleasant. There was quite a bit of food left on both of our plates at the end of dinner. I give the food a 2/5 and felt that for the price there are much better options to be had in the QC. Overall I would try it again for lunch or if someone else insisted upon going, but it certainly won't be going on my short list of favorite fine-dining spots.
4	I'm from out of town and arranged for a group of 19 CEO-types to have dinner.  I received a lot of compliments from our group  on how nice the dinner and the food was. We had a semi-private area in the back of the restaurant. Set up wasn't ideal due to a large column breaking up the space but it worked out fine. The restaurant is beautiful. The food was good. I'd say the wait staff really isn't as well trained as they should be. They were perfectly fine to most observers but I'm very sensitive to that. They would have been fine working at Chili's  but you expect a step up at this kind of restaurant. Examples - bread brought to the table after the salad course was finished, wine poured without letting anyone know  what brand we were drinking, and for some reason, we were never asked if we wanted cocktails with our apps - we went right to the table wine. I thought dessert (which people raved about) was brought out too quickly after dinner and coffee lagged behind the dessert by a bit too much time. Overall, using today's service standards the experience was fine and the food was good. Staff was friendly and accommodating. I would go back.
3	I went to e2 for lunch during business lunch hours. The restaurant does not have indoor seating but the design is pretty chic and energetic. I ordered a roast beef sandwich with a sweet tea for almost $11, no chips or anything included. I thought it was somewhat expensive for a grab-and-go lunch. Anyways, the roast beef sandwich is not your ordinary $6 buck lunch sandwich (it better not be! Not for twice that amount!). The bread, you could tell, is a gourmet-made bread, high quality, the kind you would pay a premium for at supermarkets. The sandwich has special sauce which brings the flavor up a lotI am not a big pickle fan but there were little cubes of pickles in the sandwich that actually complimented the roast beef very well.
5	We love all of Emeril's restaurants so it came as no surprise that we loved e2.  The cocktails were fresh and creative -- loved the use of wheat grass!  The food was delicious and fun...yes, I said fun.  Our server was attentive, polite, and very knowledgeable about the menu.  Heading back in a couple of weeks (would go more if it wasn't a 2-hour drive)!
3	So far it's been a hit or miss with e2 to go. I guess it's neat to try Emeril's food but there really isn't enough "Bam!" . It's a convenient lunchtime stop but a bit on the pricey side. This is what I've tried thus far:A. Slow-cooked Pork Sandwich (1 or 2 / 5). This was the first sandwich I tried here and honestly it was disappointing. The bun was mushy and the pork was rather bland. The gravy/sauce wasn't really helping. B. Proscuitto Panini (4/5). This panini sort of saved this review. It was actually really good. It was crispy, dark brown, and filled with the right amount of cheese to make it melt into a gooey, delicious mess. It also surprisingly had a fair amount of meat and left me full by the end of my meal. C. Salted-Caramel Chocolate Cupcake (3/5). At $4 a dessert, it was just okay. All the desserts are actually the same price but I figured if I went for the one with only one item left it'd be a winner. Strategy failed. The chocolate cake was a bit too dry and dense. The caramel though had the right level of saltiness. D. Cornbread (3/5). One of my friends adores these cornbread bites--but they're just okay for me. It's sometimes nice to have it along with a meal though since some of their dishes can still leave you hungry (see Salad). Service is great and you can't beat fresh chocolate chip cookies by the cash register as a 'sample'. The line can get a little long for lunch, but every time that has happened, a new employee will step up to the cashier on the side. Cornbread isn't on the menu but I've never had an issue requesting it. Also, they just started a promotion where you can get stamps every time you purchase a sandwich and after 10 you get a free one.
5	This is two reviews in one: Sitting down inside E2 and the takeout side on the backside of the restaurant:I'd say BAM but that seems a bit over the top. I had the honor of eating there on the third day of lunch service. Everyone was getting familiar with what they were serving. And let me say that the entire wait staff team enjoyed the hell out of being there. That's great getting the experience of someone enjoying what they do and what they serve. I'm glad I did eat early in the lunch life of E2 because I received the dinner menu scaled down. Today, having been back since, the menu has completely changed on what is available. If you can get your hands on the pork cheek ragu, get it! If your stuck on sandwiches for lunch, the BBQ sandwich is really good. The pork po boy is featured on the take out side where sandwiches and salads are served. The take out side is completely a la cart. No fries with that sandwich dammit! Oh well. Get yourself some of Mama Zuma's revenge habanero chips. Put it to you this way, they have yet to disappoint out of three visits.Prices here aren't cheap. If you're looking for that 5-7 dollar lunch, this place probably isn't your best option. However, you can guarantee your lunch will be a home run. Don't be fooled - you might be paying a little bit extra for eating the name Emeril.. But that really isn't the case. Look at the freshness of the product and where it comes from. There are no corners missed when it comes to quality. You will taste the difference.
3	I went there last night for a business dinner.  The place is clean and good looking.  It was a little noisy to my taste, the layout of the tables is a little too open, which makes it so you hear everybody loud and clear.The food was okay.  I really enjoyed the gumbo, but my entree was very average. I had some fresh handmade pasta with shrimp, and the sauce was really nothing to call home about.  Everybody else's plates looked nice and tasty.I guess I should have picked something different on the menu.
4	I was impressed. I has the shrimp and grits a common staples down in the south. However these were rice grits...light fluffy reminded me of a risotto. I also had shrimp louie salad which was a special for the night. It was a mix capers avocado cucumber shrimp on a bed of romaine..fabulous! Oh but the star of the night was the sweet potato cheesecake! The chef makes their own graham crackers then creates this thick melt crust. The cheesecake taste just like sweet potato pie airy with hints cinnamon and nutmeg. Then they top it off with torched marshmallow. My tongue was happy... definitely go back again!
3	Its been a few months since ive been here so i cant really remember everything i had, i will say that the service was impeccable but the food didn't really live up to my expectations (which are inordinately high).Heard about E2 from the bartender at soul and decided to try with some colleagues. Service was very good and the food was decent. My steak was just OK, i dont know what it is but i really only enjoy steaks from capital grille, i think i was spoiled back home. Drinks were also super awesome, i think my friend had a prickly pear? and it was awesome. i ordered a vodka soda, or 8, and it was what youd expect. Friend had the duck which was overcooked, i had the scallop appy which was actually really good. Highlight of the night: The 2 valet's complimented me on my music selection, i then promptly gave them the url to my hypem account (hypem.com/aabony for the freshest beats). Either way, definitely a fun night and i would go back for work dinners and potentially a date night if i were in uptown.
1	I have been waiting to eat at E2 for months since it is typically not in our budget We finally went for Restaurant Week and were super disappointed!First atmosphere....I am not sure what type of restaurant Emeril is attempting to create.  The servers are in jeans and plaid shirts, the restaurant's decor is that of a 70's steakhouse,  the food is a complete hodgepodge, and it is really expensive given the fact that it is Charlotte.  The server said that Emeril is focusing this restaurant on being a "the best fresh seafood place since Emeril felt that was lacking".  It was all very confusing.Second, the service was sub-par.  The server was MIA throughout most of the meal.  We were there for two hours and I only had one cocktail, because by the time he came around to ask if I wanted another drink he was gathering our entree plates.  When he did grace us with his presence, he would say "yeah that is good" when asked about a dish (we asked about five dishes).  Needless to say they were not!The restaurant week menu was terrible, which forced us to go off and order from the regular menu.  The waiter said the octopus salad was good.  Ok, sure it is different we will try it out.  IT WAS HORRIBLE.  There were too many flavor combinations that did not work in harmony and the octopus was tough and rubbery.  If EMERIL is trying to make this a "fresh seafood place" he at least should live up to that expectation.  The couple we were with stayed with the restaurant week menu and ordered gumbo for the first dish.  I thought Emeril "BAM"ed things up with heat and flavor- it was liking eating porridge.  It looked like porridge and tasted like porridge.I ordered the scallops ($29.00).  I received 3 small (not diver scallops)- again Emeril if you are going to boast that you are "the best fresh seafood place" live up that hype.  The swiss chard was cooked very well and the sauce was an excellent accompaniement, but again $29.00 for 3 scallops....seriously?The couple with us ordered the etoufee that looked like mush with a few shrimp on top of it.  It was extremely bland and literally looked like a lean cuisine meal out of the microwave.All four of us were horribly disappointed in our meal and service.  I have a feeling Emeril would have been highly disappointed as well.  We all imagined what he would have said had those meals gone before him at the judge's table on Top Chef!
4	The food was great!  Service?  I couldn't ask for better service.
4	Okay, the guests who joined me did not have as great experience as I did, so I GUESS I have to ramp its rating down one notch, but I just want to let you know that my experience was FIVE stars. I started with a grasshopper, which was sweet and delicious, replete with two sprigs of wheatgrass to chew on and a jalapeno simple sugar which gave it a sweet kick (but more sweet than kick). The honey-glazed bread and cornbread before the meal was nice, almost too-rich addition to the meal, but good. For an appetizer I had an oyster shooter. One oyster in a shot glass with a salty water to make it seem like the oysters were scooped fresh from the ocean. Delicious, but one oyster? (Restaurant week, I guess.)For the second course I got the pork shank. It was soo good. It came on a bed of dirty rice with apples, meat on bone, standing up. The bbq sauce was out of this world, spicy and sweet and glowing red. Best meal I had in Charlotte for Restaurant Week, or at least best course. I cannot say enough about the pork shank. Hurry up and order it!The third course was a fruit sorbet. Kinda underwhelming. But I tasted a friend's sweet potato cheesecake. That was a knockout.Another downside was how long it took to eat the meal. Granted, there was 11 of us, but we felt like we were waiting a long time, and 2:15 hours seems like a long time from beginning to end to eat a meal.
2	A group of 4 of us went for lunch we arrived at 11:40 and waited 40 mins for our meals to arrive. We beat the lunch rush but for some reason everyone else got there meals well before us. The server also was not very knowledgable of the menu. I had high hopes for e2 but they do not compete with the others in the price range.
4	Prosciutto and arugala pizza was amazing and the appetizer size sweet potato soup and chicken gumbo were perfect. Best grits I had while in the south with shrimp and pancetta it was great. Attentive staff and the 2 young valet Parker's walked us to car with umbrellas, nice touch. 4 stars really based on the food as the atmosphere was very businessy, understandable because it's located in the business distric
1	Absolutely the worst, AWFUL, AWFUL. AWFUL. We took our two sons and their wives out for ones birthday. My wife's steak was bad, extremely tough, my shrimp and grits had 3 peanut sized  not shelled shrimp with about three spoonfuls of grits for 25.00, My oldest son' s chicken was cooked dry. When reporting to the manager he was totally defensive and oblivious to our comments. Emeril' needs to get off the idea that Charlotte folks will eat anything and pay any price for poor food.. This place will not last 6 months.
3	We went here with friends on 8/18/12. The food was really good, but I give it a medium rating because shouldn't that be expected, and also expected is because it is Emeril's; it will also be expensive. My thought for giving a better review would have to be really good food, but not at such a high price.E2 Spritz Glass ($10)GL Reunion Glass ($11)Bacon & Maple cocktail ($13)App of Gumbo ($8)Mozz Salad ($9)Pork Loin ($26)Special - Pork Shank ($24)Up Down Cake ($9)Total w/ tax $119
2	The food was expensive and not that good. I had the pasta beef dish
4	I loved this restaurant! I had heard mixed reviews about the food and service so I was a little nervous going. But, everything was amazing!I went for a quick bite to eat before seeing a play across the street. Ito.d the waiter this and he was very accommodating to make sure I got my food on time without feeling rushed. I loved the mushroom flatbread and the oysters. The ambiance was great and even though there were a lot of people, it wasn't loud. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, and I plan on going back.
4	First of all, I have to thank the staff here for working on Christmas Eve. Having worked earlier in the day, myself, I know what it's like to work holidays, so I truly appreciate them being there for us! Secondly, I would like to comment regarding many folks being instantly negative because of Emeril's status. Personally, I applaud Chefs who have worked hard to make it as a Celebrity...it wasn't that long ago when there was no such thing as a Celebrity Chef.  And, how cool that they can share their expertise and power to open new restaurants for all of us to enjoy!   That being said, with no greater expectations than any other restaurant in this price range, there were some real positives to our experience and some negatives as well.    Positives:  Service early-on was informative and friendly.  We were quickly sold on trying cocktails.  I went with the Lemon Spritz and Husband did the Bourbon Mash.  We ordered the Wood Oven Roasted Oysters to go with them.  Both of us loved our drinks.  Mine was light and refreshing.  Husband could not have been happier with his. The Amuse Bouche that was presented was delicious...a small square topped with avocado chicken salad.  Also impressive were the incredible rolls topped with salt.  Ranked right up there with the best we've ever had.  YUM.  There were also a couple small cornbread muffins that were good, but the rolls were WOW.   Biggest positive of the night:  NC Rainbow Trout "Meuniere"fingerling potatoes - cipollini onions - swiss chard - crabmeat - creole meuniere sauce $24.This was oh-my-gosh good!  (see food porn pic) ...an absolutely perfect plate of flavors that worked so well together.  The onions, swiss chard, perfectly cooked moist trout, fingerling potatoes, all tied together with the most amazing sauce.  Dreams are made of this!    Negatives:  Husband ordered:  Filet Mignon C.A.B.pomme frites - red wine butter - fresh herbs - Emeril's house made Worcestershire $35   This was a huge disappointment.  Steak was ordered medium.  It came very charred and was unevenly cooked.  Part was well-done and part medium-well.  None of it was medium.  The wine-butter was an interesting and overwhelming touch for Husband. The beef itself had little flavor.  Even more disappointing were the frites.  They were so thin and so crispy that it was like eating flavorless ones that come in a can.    So, while I was chowing down in food heaven, Husband was fighting for flavor.  And a drink.    Which leads to the next negative...Our Server got so busy with a large table that was seated near us, that Husband didn't get his second drink that might have made the less-than-perfect steak meal more palatable.     Other negatives here:  HOLD ON TO YOUR STUFF.....they are way too quick to remove things.  Husband saved my last oyster before it was whisked away while I was checking out the wine menu.  Sadly, I lost the last few sips of my lemon spritz though, as it went bye-bye before I was done with it.  We saved the last roll before it was whisked away also.     I will leave on positives:  Our Server apologized for getting busy with the big table and brought a comp drink to Husband to make up for it.  It helped as it was just as good as the first one.  Also liked that they will let you sample wines so you can pick what you like best.  Plus generous pours.     So, while Husband's experience was probably more 3-star-like...mine was on a 5-star level, which is why I have chosen a 4-star rating.      TIPS:  Get seafood, and hang onto your drinks and food til you're done with them!
5	Incredible meal....from the wine selection to the salad, cornbread rolls, gumbo and entree's... fantastic!!! Have to try the trout...wow !   The layers of flavors and attention to detail, really made for a wonderful meal.   This will be on our regular "date night" role!
1	We picked e2 for one of  our resturant week picks. It was one of four choices we made reservations for. We went on tues. night at 7pm. ALL of our food was horrible!!! My porkchop was too tough to cut and burnt. I asked for the shrimp and grits as a substitute. I received undercooked shrimp and less grits than in an instant pack from the grocery store. The waiter forgot about us after the entree for 20 minutes so he  brought us extra dessert.  The apple crepe dessert had no flavor at all. The next day we discoved  we were both sick after dinner with an upset stomach. Never again will we return to e2.
2	Ok...Emeril, I was disappointed!!!   Loved your restaurant in Florida....so what happen to Charlotte?Checked out E2 during Charlotte's restaurant week.. $30 for 3 course meal..I can't speak for my husband, because he loves everything..Lol!! Sorry honey..First course: Gumbo... Chicken Gumbo WHAT!!  No seafood...Second course: Chicken N Waffles... Fried chicken  was delicious, however waffles was served ice cold and placed on a bed of cole slaw..WHAT!!Third (dessert)  Apple crepes what'cha call it!!  It tasted like it was made the night before... Seriously, I couldn't even cut into the crepe..Overall...The best thing about E2 was the service....Superb!!
5	e2 is an amazing place to have dinner, great bartenders, great hostess service and the meal was amazing! I reccomend the steak for sure! Be sure to grab a seat at the kitchen bar area and watch them cook your meal. A+
2	Worst fillet mignon I've ever had!! Medium does not mean charred and dry!! The soup of the day was alright, but nothing to write home about. Not going back.
4	We stopped in for a cocktail and ended up enjoying a few and ordering some food. First, the cocktails were great. From the tartness of the Lemon Spritz, my favorite, to the refreshing Champagne Cocktail and finally the Dark & Stormy, true to its bermuda heritage, all great. We ordered the seared and sliced salmon as a starter which was perfectly cooked.  Although it is served with grapfruit, something I typically don't see with salmon, is gave it great flavor. A definite recommendation and something I will enjoy again. We then split the trout, which was good.  Two large filets, served with potatoes, cippolini onions, swiss chard, in a light brown sauce, topped with crab meat, yum!  Look forward to trying other things on the menu, and enjoying a Lemon Spitz again!!!
5	e2 is my favorite place in Charlotte.  As a transplant from Southern California, I was in need of a place that has amazing food, awesome drinks, and my favorite: a wine list that keeps me coming back for more. And e2 fills in a check mark for each of those for me.Chef Brian' s food never disappoints. Chef Stephanie's desserts and bread makes me a carb lover.  And Miki's and Kevin's cocktails are the best in the city. The service is always so great. Everyone from the valet to the management makes you feel welcome. I tend to order something on the dinner specials menu whenever I visit because it's always so interesting and always so good. But some of the solid dinner menu items I would recommend are: the Wood Oven Roasted Oysters, Cider Braised Bacon, Shrimp and Grits, Rainbow Trout, New Bedford Scallops, Filet Mignon, and the Mac & Cheese. For dessert (trust me, you will want to save room for dessert), you can't go wrong with the Espresso Pudding, the Banana Cream Pie, and the Abita Root Beer Float.  And for cocktails, try the Grasshopper, the Aviation, or the Hemingway Daiquiri... Miki and Kevin will make you a gin lover!
5	You Get what you pay for here folksWe had a large group of 21... Service was flawless ...Incredibly great Food n Awesome drinks at the bar ... Scallops were perfect, especially with the black eyed peas ! Wow Head Chef came out and asked how our food was.. What a classy joint...Thanks guys !!!
3	Went here with a big party. The food was very good but it took forever. They do not handle large groups in a good way. The appetizers were very tasty. The entrees were a little over cooked (compared to order) and the deserts were tasty. But having to wait close to an hour for entree is just too long. Will try them again with a small party as the food is very tasty.
1	I wanted to share the experience I had at E2 today.  I will warn you in advance, it was not a pleasant one.On a positive note, the restaurant is beautiful.  Nicely decorated and just looks great.  In addition, we were promptly greeted by a lovely hostess and sat.  Now onto lunch.  There were 4 of us and 2 ordered the Fresh Fish Sandwich and 2 ordered the Burgers cooked medium.  The burgers tasted OK, although overcooked and the fries were compared to salt-licks.  They also did not come with the red onion as the menu stated.  The burgers, unfortunately were better than the fish sandwich.  The fish was tiny and like leather.  It looked like dried out chicken it was so overcooked.  The bun was not fresh and fluffy like on the burgers and it tasted awful.  On the way in, one person did pick up a flyer for mother's day brunch, and on the way out put it back and commented he was glad he tried E2 before the brunch with his wife.There are a lot of 2 and 3 stars on yelp, and I can understand why.Follow up:The manager contacted me about the groups experience and apologized for the experience we had and welcomed us back.  the group decided to give E2 a second chance (3rd for me) and I will update the review accordingly once we go back.
5	We waited a while to try this place but we definitely will be back.  The cocktails are simply amazing - the bartender was rated best in Charlotte and it's easy to see why.  My wife and I both had perfectly balanced and inventive drinks.  The food definitely lived up to Emeril's high standards.  We had a little bit of everything and it was all great.  The drum dish was simply incredible with shellfish and chorizo.  Dessert was a mind-blowing banana cream pie.  I've heard mixed reviews of this place but clearly the chef and management have solved whatever issues existed and are executing at a high level.  If you haven't tried e2 yet, or if you tried it and weren't impressed, GO!  I didn't know exactly what to expect but I was blown away by the food and service.  It's a little tucked away but definitely worth seeking out for a great dining experience.
5	Charlotte's best kept secret!!  We went to e2 for dinner and the restaurant was not too packed.  We questioned if this meant the food would not be great, especially since it was a Friday night.  We decided to give it a try and were certainly glad we did.  The setting is nice and there is also a nice patio outside.  The service was great (as we expected it would be since they weren't too busy, but I am usually surprised with how bad service is lately) - our drinks were never lower than half full, bread was brought out hot and without us having to ask for it.  I ordered the Fresh Orecchiette Pasta which was delicious.  The sauce and seafood inside was cooked to perfection.   Although the dish was a little pricey at $32, they did not skimp on the portion sizes of lobster and crab - huge pieces of lobster and crab throughout the dish.  My boyfriend had the Shrimp and Grits which was just as good and I was only able to sneak one bite before he finished it!  We also ordered a side of the mac and cheese - it was a little too cheesy for my liking but I'm not the biggest cheese fan. My boyfriend on the other hand absolutely loved the mac and cheese.  We will definitely be back!!!
5	Wanted a cocktail with a liittle kick ... Kevin suggested ... "The Grasshopper"BAM!  A memorable ...Rated 5 Star experience that you must try!  Cheers!
4	I'm very excited to try e2 again in the very near future.We attended a Yelp event at e2 this week and were able to sample some what what they have to offer.  Everything served was fantastic and as I saw food strolling by to lucky hungry tables, I grew even more excited to try more.  This may very well be worth one of the rare 5 star grades and I will update this post as soon as we try it again!
4	We were at e2 for a Yelp Elite event and we liked it so much that we decided to stay for a late dinner.   The food was great!  Hubby ordered the Double Cut Pork Chop with Sweet Potato Hash and I had the Chicken and Waffle appetizer.  OH MY....both were absolutely delicious!  The Pork Chop was generously sized, tastefully seasoned, and cooked to medium-well juicy perfection.  My husband, who doesn't eat sweet potatoes, devoured the hash and is still raving about it two days later!  The Chicken and Waffle appetizer was a generous portion for an appetizer.  It was a boneless chicken leg that was seasoned perfectly with a juicy center and crispy thin batter.  The waffle was tasty as well.  I will go back just for that dish!   We ordered a slice of Banana Cream Pie to take home and it fed 4 people!  It was very decadent and the taste was truly amazing.  Our server was friendly, professional, and prompt.  The ambiance was quite nice and I really liked the location...close enough to everything, but off of the main streets.The prices seemed a tad steep, but considering the quality of the food, the portions, and the fact that they make everything on premises (baked goods, sauces, dressings, etc) it is well worth it.  The Manager (Jeff) was very friendly and went out of his way to chat with us.  The location is great...close enough to everything, but off of the main streets...and, they have free valet parking!  We will definitely go back again.
3	The group went back to E2 today and the experience was much better. There were still some hits and misses with the food, but the service was on point. The good consisted of the BBQ shrimp, the potato soup, the roast beef po-boy and the fish sandwich. Also, the chocolate chip cookies were great. The bad was the pizza was undercooked, the gumbo was Ok, and the burger was undercooked. All in all, the meal was a vast improvement over last time. I am not sure if it was because they expected us and scrutinized our meal before giving it to us, or they made the necessary changes. I would recommend going and trying for yourself.
4	This weekend, I stopped into E2 Emeril's Eatery.  I haven't been to E2 in nearly a year (check out my review of the grand opening here), and the timing for the reunion was perfect because they just rolled out their spring menu.  It was a three-hour-long dinner, during which I ate an embarrassing amount of food.  I also chatted with E2s Chef Brian Mottola about the importance of a good pizza crust.  Let it be noted that E2s single pizza offering, the Steak and Blue Cheese, passed my crust examination.  The pizza is garnished with sliced grapes, and the saltiness of the meat and cheese created an awesome contrast against the grapes' hot bursts of sweetness.Of course, I had many other favorites, first and foremost the New Orleans style mussels.I posted a full review on the blog, but these are the highlights.
4	This place is absolutely gorgeous. I found it to be a little more relaxed atmosphere for the type of restaurant it is. Unfortunately, I have not tried a lot of the food there yet, but I can not wait to go back and try everything. I went to e2 for a Yelp event and the one thing that stood out to me was their service. They have some of the nicest and most efficient staff that I have seen in a restaurant. Definitely can not wait to go back. I recommend trying their cocktails, they are amazing.
4	My sister was in town for the memorial weekend. Finally got chance to have lunch at e2 emeril's eatery.  We were very impressed with service and interior.  I had the shrimp and grits.  Delish !  The organic grits from Anson Mills. Wonderful !  The dessert we shared was the emeril banana creme pie.  Heavenly! The best that I ever had.
3	I usually go here for lunch.  The sandwiches are good but overpriced.  However, if you get the brown bag special, then it comes to be a decent price.  The turkey and italian sandwiches are my favorites!
4	Great restaurant in uptown. Went for a celebration dinner and the manager and wait staff really made us feel special. Great wine list, and really good food. It's not cheap, but worth it.
2	The opening ceremonies are over and well, it's not that great. In fact it is overpriced, noisy, and even if you discount the fact it's been open 10 days only - its well below expectations. The wait staff uniform looks like a steakhouse cowboy theme. No table cloths for this price range. Food was mediocre. Scallops were undercooked ( 4 large in the entree). Soup looked lost in the big bowl  and mussels were 20% unopened . There are much better selections in Charlotte for the same money. Life expectancy for this place is about a year.... let's get Ramsey in here to help sort them out.
4	Great service and awesome food! Tried Shrimp & Grits for the first time here and it was delicious, albeit their servings are rather on the small side (I went during lunch, so not sure if that means anything).  Their corn bread is also very good.  I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. Very clean, comfortable and caring servers/hostesses!
5	It's official e2 is my favorite spot in Charlotte for cocktails.  I've tried the Moscow Mule, e2 Collins, the Stoner, Prickly Moon something and the Dark & Stormy,  (not all in one night, even tho' some of you wouldn't be surprised if I did!)There is a good mix of traditional, frou frou and medicinal cocktails, something for everyone's taste profile.  I really like the bartenders, they are friendly, they don't act like "cool" bartenders, there's parking and outdoor seating.  I'm hooked!https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10152044627396978&set=vb.720981977&type=2&theater
4	From the moment we walked in and were greeted by the hostess, to the end of the meal, we were well taken care of. The hostess was more than patient with us when we asked if we could extend our reservation in order to take a walk before we ate. When we came back she was very apologetic that the table wasn't ready right away. Although no one told us what the specials were, we ended up sharing the scallops and fontina mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was by far some of the best I've ever had. The scallops were cooked perfectly and came with gigantic fresh peas. The scallops were good but a tad too salty. The meal was accompanied by the most fantanstic rolls and cornbread. So f'in good I cannot even put my feelings into words. When I asked to take my leftover half eaten 3rd piece of cornbread and roll with me, the waiter boxed up 6 more for me. I was cursing him when I got home because, no doubt, I don't need 6 more of these!!!! Overall, great experience and great food!Was here again on 4/19. Chelsea and the GM catered to us like we were guests at their house. Excellent service!!
3	Went to E2 last night for dinner.  There were 6 of us in our party.  We made reservations for 8:15.  We were seated at 8:35.  Overall was an enjoyable experience.  Cocktails were VERY good.  E2 was fairly busy for dinner, however I thought the service and punctuality of the server was very slow.  I ordered the price fix menu option which was Boudin as an appetizer, salad, Drum as the entree, then a banana type pudding cake.Boudin appetizer was very good.  I would give it 4 out of 5 stars.  Salad was great.  Would give it 4 out of 5 stars as well.  Drum was not good.  For fresh seafood, this was a huge disappointment.  I would give the Drum 2 out of 5 stars.  The Drum itself was very dry and did not taste fresh.  It tasted frozen and old.  The mussels, clams and shrimp that accompanied the Drum dish were the same.  Tasted very dry, frozen and old.  The dessert was amazing.  Would give it 5 out of 5 stars.That being said, I probably would not return to Emeril's Eatery.  I think the restaurant is WAY overpriced for what it is.  The Drum entree was $32 itself ($45 for the price fix menu option).  Quite frankly the Drum entree is not worth anywhere near $32.  Maybe $15-$18.If you are looking for delicious cajun/creole cuisine at a great value, I would go to Cajun Queen.
4	My brother and I took our parents to dinner here last summer. The staff was friendly and the service good, although it seemed like our server was a little unsure of the specials (it looked like he was reading them off of the chalkboard behind us).We all enjoyed our meal. I had the shrimp and grits, which was excellent, and the only time I've ever enjoyed eating grits in my 19 years of living down south. My brother and I split an appetizer of bone marrow (I don't believe it's still on the menu) which was good enough, but nothing special. I can't remember what we had for dessert, but I do remember us all liking it.e2 is definitely a place I would enjoy eating at again.
5	We went for Queen's Feast.  First off, it is a steal  to dine here for this event.  Most of the entrees begin about $28.  The food, though...wow.  It left me speechless.  The Shrimp and Grits were creamy and delicious.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly.  The sirloin was flavorful, cooked perfectly as well.  The OMG point of the meal was the Banana Cream Pie.  You HAVE to leave room for that pie.  If not, take it home!  Do not leave the restaurant without it!  :)  Also, e2 offered the option of a wine pairings menu to go with both the first and second courses, of which I took advantage. ;)  I have nothing left to say except go forth and partake in this food establishment!  You won't be disappointed. Bon appetit!
4	Went here for restaurant week with my sister and we were impressed.First of all, great job with the ambience in this place....very nice and modern. The drinks were amazing and loved the variety and selection that was available. I had the oysters which were to die for! OMG I could have ate a second plate of those things. I had the shrimp and grits which were seasoned really well and had that extra southern flavor. For dessert we both had the banana creme pie! Words cannot explain how tasty that was! My $30 was worth it and I will give e2 a round of applause!!
5	What a great find using mobile tools. In close proximity to the convention center, this was an excellent choice. You can dine outside or in. I was having a business luncheon and decided to eat inside. There were obviously others from our convention there and the noise level was quite elevated making it difficult for us to hear each other. It pays to like seafood here. Their lunch menu had some nice gourmet choices. Two colleagues ordered the grouper sandwich which came with a side salad. Our customer ordered the pork platter with pig ears and loved it. I had the sea scallop over watercress which came with some smoky savory notes. We finished up with a nice assortment of desserts. They included Emeril's famous banana pie, bread pudding and a brownie sundae.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed e2 before. I've been quite a few times. A few highlights:1) Extremely well trained, professional servers2) Attention to detail for special occasions3) The best mixologist in Charlotte4) Great food, menu rotating with the seasonsIt's a winner!
5	Pull up a seat and grab a snack. I'm not one for writing lengthy reviews or diatribes about wonderful, or any experience for that matter, but e2 had been a place we'd yet to visit for dinner. What was it that kept our dining experience on hold for more than a year? Beats the hell out of me. I feel like a fool for not visiting sooner, but I suppose time brewed up one of the most positively received meals I've had in quite some time. Let's lay out the bearings for a place like e2 -- Emeril's name is plastered on this place, but if you were to take a look around and really search for his branding, you wouldn't exactly find it. It doesn't reek of "BAM!" or even anything too hefty as far as Louisiana cuisine goes. It's a perfect balance of seasonal menus, traditional/stellar in-house cocktails, and supreme wine choices. I didn't once feel like I was in a celeb chef's restaurant and, for that, I'm happy. Which brings me to a great place to focus much of this review's attention -- the cocktails. Sweet mother.... Miki, whom I've met but once, is an absolute wizard. I'm not much of a cocktail guy. Throw some gin in a glass, hit it with some citrus and maybe something bubbly, and I'm a happy camper. The cocktails here pay attention to detail. From the measured ingredients, flavors, choice of glassware, garnish, to the finish, I'm a fan. Ordered the easy-going e2 Spritz to start. Bright, sweet, lemony, and not overly boozy. I'd recommend it to anyone for a starter. Then, on to the French 75 -- my new go-to cocktail. I've always wondered if I would find a cocktail of olde that I could step to bar, kick out a stool, and order with confidence. That day has come. Gin, lemon juice, sparkling wine, with a twist. Simple, light, a little dry, and refreshing. Color me impressed. Other cocktails of note: The What's Up Doc. A nice replacement for a brunch-y boozer. Carrot juice, ginger, and a touch of mint. Good things. Alright. Food. Chef Brian is a true gentleman. The reason I say this is because he first and foremost takes care of my wife who is a vegetarian. Not exactly on the forefront of any chef's favorite cooking style, he has always taken attention and paired down meat-centric items and tailored them for her dietary need...without our asking or specific instruction. I simply mentioned it once and he has remembered. Tip of the hat is much deserved. Well-played and well done. We did ourselves in with our choices. Very rarely do we decide to go from cocktails, to apps, to entrees, to cocktails, to dessert. We were up to the challenge. The menu:Shaved Ham and Artisinal Cheese Board - Salty meats, delicious cheeses, local honey, grilled grapes in balsamic, chutneys, and baguette. The combinations were astoundingly complex and delicious. Sweet, salty, tangy, fruity...the whole gang was there. Orecchiette with crab, lobster, and asparagus. Not something I'd typically order, but it was wonderful. Generous portions of shellfish and buttery, buttery, buttery, buttery flavor. It was quite rich, but played rather nicely. I'd order it again, but perhaps split it. Banana Creme Pie - Show-stopper. I'm not a huge dessert guy and it isn't something I typically order on the regular, but we had to oblige the menu. It's tall. really tall. Again, attention to detail is a winner every time. It's rich, sweet...very sweet, but so perfectly flavored. The banana bread really adds texture. Blueberry Crisp. Warm, gooey, blueberries, etc. If you don't like that, there's something wrong with you. Also, mascarpone ice cream? Incredible. Another thing to seriously have on your radar are the breads. Both the potato rolls and the mini corn muffins. The pastry chef knows what she's doing in this department. We found ourselves gorging on both varieties and even crossing over with them on the cheese board. A great plan, should you be found wondering. The service is impeccable. From the valet, hostess, more-than-able servers, to the presence of management, they have a great system. Trey was our server and he was well-spoken throughout all menus, kind, cordial, and fun. I'd ask to be seated in his section every time. Where I wish we had visited sooner, I'm actually rather glad we dined with e2 when we did. They've worked out a very easily-understood menu that works on all levels. Well, every menu for that matter. You'll find the variety you want and with understandable prices. The cocktail program is unprecedented. We found ourselves saying, "I'm looking forward to coming back and just having bread, an app or two, and a mess of cocktails." This is certainly bound to happen sooner rather than later. Cheers to you, e2. We absolutely loved everything and look forward to return not far in the future.
5	From making the reservation until the time we walked out of the front door to wander the streets of uptown Charlotte the experience of dining at e2 was simply amazing.As Ben said I'm not sure what has held me back from e2 for so long, but I'm glad we went when we did and our experience last night has made a fan of me.  We will definitely be back.  The food was well thought out and prepared to perfection.I started out with the Oysters on the half shell which were great.  The oysters themselves were perfect which I get that the restaurant just really shucks them and puts them on ice but were a great start to a meal.  Prior to the oysters they brought out 2 "pre appetizers" made special by the Chef to entice our appetite.  We had a salmon paste type plate....very small but just enough to wake up the ol tastebuds.  We then had some sort of risotto, ham and the ever popular chantrelle mushroom small plate that was just bursting with perfection.My Co-Diners had the Yellowfin Tuna Spring Rolls which has now taken over as the Best App in Charlotte IMO.  Sushi grade tuna, jalapeno, cucumber and a sprig of cilantro to pull it all together.  What a great combination of flavor.  Also, I was able to sample the Grilled Peach Salad.  Surprisingly fresh Georgia Peaches, Mascarpone cheese which really stood out, basil, honey and I'm still not sure what the heck "Mache" is but I do know that I like it.  For my entree I had the special NY Strip.  14 glorious oz of perfectly cooked NY Strippy goodness.  It was marinated perfectly with worchestershire and seasoned to perfection.  It had a cippolini onion chutney which when paired together made me start thinking about when I was coming back.  We finished up with a few desserts for the table.  I am not sure who the Master Dessert Chef they have in the back but give him/her a raise!  This person is a genious.  Banana Cream Pie which had like 6 layers or something.  It was nothing short of exemplary and included banana bread, banana pudding, and shaved chocolate.  I could have eaten that as my meal.  WOW.Suffice it to say the service was also impeccable.  Attentive and knowledgeable which I would have expected nothing less.  They didn't disappoint.  For a wonderful dining experience please make your reservation now.  You can truly tell these guys know that they're doing.  If you're looking for a true dining experience this is your place.
5	Scrumptious food +very attentive service+great atmosphere = always a great night out at E2.
5	I've been to several of Emeral's restaurants and this one is my favorite.  We called and got reservations promptly.  The restaurant decor is pure Emeral.  The food was perfect:  beet salads, pork chop and chicken were far from commonplace... And the Ricotta Cheesecake was the crowning glory of a perfect meal.Tomorrow we are coming back again with a larger group!Go Hokies!!!
4	Good bar, crowd , beer selection , bartenders and drinks.
2	Food is ok. Could definitely be better. Their gumbo is actually very good. It is not a very good place to have a casual drink. The layout is very poor and the bartenders are horrible. They don't work the bar and seem annoyed when people order a drink.
4	Good spot in charlotte for a nice meal. I was surprised at how empty it was for a Friday night, but the food and service were great. Oyster shooters were definitely a mustBeef carpacchio was my favorite thing I had thereMussels were okay
4	Grabbed a late bite to eat here with Moo.  I had the pork chops, Moo had the scallops.  (How cute, no beef!)Anyways, it was pretty late but the staff seemed upbeat, and not in the I'm-getting-ready-to-jet-to-the-gas-station-and-pick-up-a-six-pack upbeat.  Pork chop was a ridiculous size, I must've gotten through only half of it.  Was really good though. Best thing they have here is still the bread.  They have different bread that comes while you're waiting on the meal.  The cornbread muffin is one of those things that is amazing.  It's crack-cornbread muffin.  The last time I had it, I specifically asked... hold on.......Moo ran off with my cornbread :( dmo out (chasing Moo for the cornbread)
2	I was really excited about dining at one of Emeril's restaurants for the first time, but I must say that in the end I left down-right disappointed.  While the staff were attentive and friendly and the atmosphere was quite nice, the food was sub-par especially considering the price!I don't mind paying premium price for a great meal but everything I tasted was average at best.  The trout that graced my plate definitely fell into that average category, while my husband's pork chop was dry.  We mentioned it to the wait staff that neither offered to take it back or remove it from our bill.Honestly, I wish we had dined elsewhere during our visit to Charlotte.
2	Slow service, and drink order was messed up. Not a very busy night and had to wait too long to get our appetizers and meals.  Nice visual appearance but very dissapointed in the restaurant atmosphere with what is suppose to be new orleans style hospitality.But I have to say the food did not dissapoint!
5	My wife and I went last night for our anniversary, visiting from San Francisco.  I think it's great.  Food was good, staff was friendly.  This is place is solid and friendly and I think you'll leave feeling it was a good meal, good price.  I see some complaints about slow service - the restaurant was not crowded so we had no issue.
3	The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. The best part was the banana cream pie for dessert. The cocktails were fantastic. I'd come back for drinks and dessert but look elsewhere for dinner.
5	I have NO idea why people have given this place 2 stars.  This place is AWESOME, AMAZING and DELICIOUS.  If you are in Charlotte and want a great meal then this is the place to go.
4	Went with my wife for our 2 year wedding anniversary. A little apprehensive at first, because my wife doesn't eat any seafood at all, but the menu was diverse enough to where both of us had plenty of options. Service was great, staff was knowledgable and very friendly. The food was amazing and and the portions were quite generous. We will definitely be going back. E2 has gained one of my top spots in CLT for a good outing.
2	Went here for Valentine's dinner. All the food we got was amazing but the food was HORRENDOUS. We waited more than 15 minutes for each drink and the waiter kept recommending things they didn't have. Terrible experience. They apologized 50 times but did nothing to make it right.
5	Full disclosure: I'm writing a review of the drinks, service and ambiance only. Haven't had a chance to try the food here, though it is - by all accounts - delicious.E2 has the best cocktails I've ever had. I want to be very, very clear that I don't type these words lightly. I've been to a lot of amaaaaazing places in L.A., Chicago, N.Y., but E2 has them all beat. First of all, everything on the menu is seasonal; if the ingredients can't be fresh, they won't make it. The drink menu itself is incredibly creative, with a lot of house-made syrups, juices, etc.The servers are all wonderfully on top of things: Jason is both refined and professional and the "drink expert" (didn't get his name, skinny guy with a mohawk) is just that, knowing the ins and outs of every drink on the menu.Once you order your drink, you'll find that it comes out expeditiously and is blended to perfection. The Spice is Nice is unbelievable, with a sweet potato and egg white creaminess that I've never experienced before. The Cumbersome, a spicy cucumber mojito-style beverage, is like a meal unto itself: a ton of flavors, each beautifully melded together to please the palate.A friend ordered a Sazerac, which they admitted was a fairly unusual drink. It was brought to us without question or hesitation. Another friend ordered the Bacon and Bourbon which was a fantastic mix of sweet and salty.The atmosphere here is one of semi-formal dining, but it's also a perfect destination for slightly dressed-down party goers. Having said that, you wouldn't want to come here in anything less than a good pair of jeans and a button-down shirt. I found the dining room to be warm and inviting. It was tastefully decorated, but it had some partitions that gave a greater sense of privacy when you're relaxing at your table.Drinks here are moderately priced: $11-13 for cocktails, $6 for draft beers. Beware that ordering whiskeys at the bar will come with a more significant mark-up: you will pay upwards of $18 for a pour. Overall, this place is a gem in Charlotte and I very much look forward to returning.
3	The cocktails were 5 stars in our book and were the highlight of our dining experience! The  baked oysters and the salad we started with were average. The entrees were good but not great. We have dined at Emeril's restaurants in New Orleans and Las Vegas and had amazing food, unfortunately this location left something to be desired.
2	Went down there on a Thursday night, had reservations for 7:00 and showed up 8 minutes early.  Had to wait while they "setup the table" even though there were at least 30 seats open.  The volume was horrible, so loud that I actually left with my ears ringing.  Tables and seat not adequate, was not enough room on the tabletop to lay down your menu.  Food was about a 5 out of 10, service about a 6 out of 10.  Like so many other Chef eateries, not worth it.
4	Everything was amazing. Maybe it was a little loud because of a whole family with babies sitting near us, but I guess everybody deserves to eat where ever they want, but the atmosphere is perfect for a date night....minus the children.
4	Went after a symphony concert. We were welcomed warmly at the bar. We asked the bartender to surprise us based in liquor preferences and he presented us with unique and delicious concoctions.  The names escape me but none of them were bad!We had appetizers of shrimp and the steak pizza and both were delightful. 7 shrimp in BBQ sauce for $9 seems pricy, but I'm cheap so I'll let others be the judge. I'm sure I'll end up there again and will adjust my review as I try more items.
2	Have been contacted by management for a number or email address, have given the email address so will keep you posted
5	By far the best bar in Charlotte.  Kevin and Miki continue to dazzle with unique cocktails.
5	The crawfish boil was awesome!!! The service was great. If I had to make a suggestion it would be to have enough seats to cater to the patrons who went out of their way to show up! Besides that we enjoyed it!
3	Soooo you Yelp Elitests let me know that E2 in Charlotte was having Crawfish Boils every Friday evening from Mid March to May 1st from 4:30 to 7:00.  This past Friday, I finished showing Uptown property around 5:00 and found rock star parking on the street so I scooted over to Emeril's to suck a few mudbugs and when I walked in the host said, they would be done about 5:30 due to the fact the shipment of Crawfish was delayed due to miscommunication.  I sat down with this lovely couple that  welcomed me to the table....it was served family style out of a stainless steel bowls and you could eat to your hearts content.  We chatted for a few minutes, and then finally at 6:40ish the crawfish were served.  For some reason the airlines would not release the shipment, and they were keeping us informed about the situation, and took one round of drinks off the tab.  I apreciated the jesture, but then, of course they forgot to take it off the tab, we had to remind them, and half way through the "eating fest" they were starting to run out of papertowels?!?  It was the dinner hour, planned boil, and the messiest food you can eat....did we surprise them? :-)I have eaten at Emeril's for lunch and was satisfied, but ate there for Christmas Eve dinner one year and was not impressed.  I WILL go back next week for the boil!  See you there.
2	I really wanted to like e2. I have always loved Emeril's TV personality both on his own show and as a judge on Top Chef, and his food always looked/sounded so soulful on the screen that I figured it would translate to his restaurants. So you can imagine my utter dismay upon discovering that e2 has not only failed to deliver great food, but they have a committed an even greater sin: sucking the life out of what should be lively Southern and Cajun dishes.We started with two appetizers: the barbecue shrimp and something with crawfish. The BBQ shrimp was at least decent with some punchy tanginess, but the crawfish was rubbery with an utterly bland sauce. I hoped that the crawfish would be the exception of the night, but unfortunately, it was the fairly tasty shrimp that proved to be the outlier.By the time my gumbo arrived,  I was pretty much salivating after the buildup following the sensational verbal description by our waitress. I was expecting something not unlike the ambrosia on Mount Olympus. Instead, I received an utter slap in the face. It was pretty much a bowl of dark brown water. It wasn't that there was no heat...it was definitely peppery...but that was pretty much the only flavor profile in this roux. No molasses-y goodness, no salt, no acidity...just a faintly unpleasant bitterness. In the next course, I learned why there was no seasoning in my gumbo...the restaurant had presumably used their entire stock to prepare my scallops. They were profoundly oversalted, and in spite of the accompanying risotto being significantly blander than Rice-a-Roni (not that I have anything against Rice-a-Roni...but this was a $25 entree), I ended up finishing all of it in order to dilute the saltiness of the scallops. They were actually cooked quite nicely, so it was a shame to see them prepared that way. What an absolute waste waste of a fine product.The service was genuinely great here, but this is not enough to salvage lousy upscale food. What a clunker.
5	I've been to E2 on many occasions...  For work meetings, dinner/lunch with friends and for a very special surprise 40th birthday party thrown for me by my amazing wife.  We've been there enough times to have gotten to know the staff well and they always aim to ensure we have a great time. The drink menu is very original and the quality is very consistent...no matter who makes your drink. The grasshopper is one of my wife's favorite drinks anywhere and the Moscow Mule has become a staple in my life.  I love them. (Honorable mention to the Bacon Maple...love it)Now for the food...and I have many favorites:  (they tend to change up the menu once and a while to keep things new, so I apologize if they don't have something I recommend when you visit.   If it's not there...they'll be something new, exciting and awesome to try. - one of the reasons I keep coming back.  it never gets old.)Starters: - Charcuterie - they always change it up, so I never get tired of it.  I generally just ask the server to give me whatever Chef Brian recommends.  (Always outstanding)- Wood oven roasted oysters - Porkbelly lettuce wraps (amazing...when they have them)- Yellowtail jalapeno spring rolls Salads:My wife and I generally split the gumbo (never disappoints) and the baby iceberg lettuceDinner:- The Pork Chop - I generally don't get pork chops out because they can be very hit or miss.  These are the best pork chops I've had anywhere.  Last time my wife and I were there...we didn't split entrees because we both were craving the pork chop.  (Big, plumb and juicy...every time)- Shrimp and Grits (always delicious)- Wood oven roasted Grouper  (Honorable mention for sure)Sides:  - Mac & Cheese  (even if you get a starch with your entree...you're missing out if you don't try these)- Fried green Tomatos- Abita beer braised collardsDesserts:- Banana Cream Pie (ridicuous)- Warm pecan tart- Key lime pieI could go on and on...  Chef Brian Mottola and GM Miki (aka: the Serbian Legend) do an outstanding job.   Thanks to you and your staff for so many great evenings and delicious meals.
4	went there for lunch, and the shrimp-and-grits was very good
5	When we planned our girls weekend we always look for good food. E2 did  not disappoint.  We arrived about an hour early for our reservation and they happily seated us anyway.  We were lucky enough to  be seated at the chef's table . All night we felt as if we were on a reality tv show.  We enjoyed our culinary technician and the special attention he gave us.  I felt like a queen when the hott chef served me my food.  We had a great time interacting with the staff and managers.  The food was amazing and we can not wait to go back. It was an amazing experience.
3	Food was average - expected to be more impressed - probably won't go out of my way to eat there again - for the name and price I expected more than average
3	We went for convenience and the delicious looking burger we saw someone eating and left feeling very conflicted. We were seated at 'Emeril's Table' towards the kitchen (which amuses me as I am interested in the kitchen happenings). Well, we quickly realized we didn't have a truly designated server but instead had a main one then 2-3 different servers helping us. While you'd think that would be great, it was frustrating and only helpful because our main server was terrible and the others picked up the slack. When we ordered, I asked if I could have something substituted in the dish and they could not because it was pre-made the evening before. That was lovely to hear- I ordered something else. Then after 4 bread baskets and a 25 minute wait, our food finally arrived. I am only giving three stars because my burger was delicious - two patties, bacon, an egg, delicious bread and fries - it deserved it's own star. Our other plate (a featured egg and steak dish they had for the day), while tasted great, was only enough food to feed a child, so I shared my burger. All in all, we left not in the highest spirits or praise for the restaurant but for some reason feeling like we'd give them another chance. We'll see.
2	I wanted so much for this place to be awesome, but it definitely disappointed on quite a few levels. First, let me say a positive...their drink menu of special cocktails is very good! My fiance had an "Aivator", and I tried the "Hemingway", both mixed and garnished beautifully. Now to the food and service, which is where it went downhill...service was very very very slow, including at the bar, where we were the only 2 customers at the time. That said, it was Sunday, Mothers Day, and they are usually closed but were open with a special menu. They were not prepared at all. We had made reservations and were seated promptly. We ordered an appetizer and it came out fairly fast and was the best and only good dish of the meal, a yellowfin tuna over asian noodles. Past that, I noted all the tables around us, some seated before us, some soon after us, didn't have any food on the table, for a very very long time. I looked back in the kitchen which you have a view of, and only saw 2-3 people working back there. Then, about 30 minutes after our appetizer and waiting, waiting, waiting, patiently, we didn't complain, all the sudden, food began appearing out of the kitchen, en masse. How odd...it was like they had made some phone calls to get more people to come into work or something. I ordered biscuits and gravy. My biscuits were hard and cold, hardly Emeril worthy, there was MAYBE, at best, 2 tablespoons of gravy, also cold and getting congealed. One egg was sunny side up as ordered, the other overcooked with a hard yolk. The sweet potato hash on the side was overly greasy with bell peppers and onions, I couldn't eat more than a bite, the grease was just too much for me. My fiance had a steak and hash dish, the steak was ok, but both his eggs, ordered sunny side up and runny, were like 2 flat hard boiled eggs. My daughter had the burger, which was cooked as ordered and ok, but just a burger, nothing special and her fries looked and tasted like they had been in the fryer 3x as long as they should have been, or cooked dirty unchanged oil, they were so dark and overcooked. We didn't order fruit, but fruit came out anyway, our waitress noted we didn't order it but alas, it WAS on our check....for $6! $6 for a lot of honeydew, a few mushy strawberries and some grapes? Needless to say, we skipped dessert and headed out. I will say this, my fiance and I did note we were there on a day they are usually closed and on a menu they usually do not prepare, so we WILL try e2 again, maybe for a date night, but if that goes in any direction this brunch did, these 2 foodies will not be returning.
2	Was not impressed.  I always wanted to try any of Emeril's restaurants..so made reservations and was really expecting a delectable experience!  Well...the appetizers were ok...shrimp something. .and the bread was good (lo) but the lack of choices on the menu were disappointing. I really couldn't find anything that piqued my interest.  So I reluctantly chose the Braised Pork. ......Uhm...it was good but not enough. .....left me hungry. Didn't order desert, again lack of choices. Would not go there again..
2	Let me start out by saying that I am very skeptical of "celebrity" restaurants and this visit thoroughly confirmed my prejudice. We came here for Mother's Day brunch. E2 does not normally serve brunch, except for special occasions so I was both wary and excited to give it a try. We made reservations for 11:30 and then tried to switch them a day before to noon but we're told it was booked solid. We arrived at 11:30 and there were maybe only 3 tables sat. Come 12:00 maybe only about 3 more...frustrating.We ordered our drinks about 20 minutes in advance hoping they'd come out right at 12 (liquor laws) like many other Charlotte restaurants do. We were wrong. Apparently, they only had one girl working the bar and it took until about 12:15 to finally get our drinks. I ordered the bloody mary and was extremely displeased. It tasted like the bartender poured mix (zing zang) and vodka and did nothing to spruce it up. I sent it back and 15 minutes later I received a terribly peppered and butchered drink. Should have ordered something off the specialty cocktail menu.As for the food. The rolls were nothing special...definitely not made in house. We had a few questions about how things were served. I asked two waiters about the shrimp and grits and both told me there was no sauce on the dish. Another at the table ordered it and...you guess it...there was a sauce. Darn, wish I had ordered it.We ordered a plate of the peanut butter and banana stuffed French to the table, which was delicious (how could you mess that up?). I ordered the croque madame which had a funny taste to it that I couldn't quite put my finger on. The creole mornay sauce was inexistent and I was craving something saucy to break up the monotony of flavor. The fries that came on the side were delicious. The biscuit in the biscuits of gravy tasted like Pillsbury dough and were overcooked on the bottom.I was really hoping E2 would end my celebrity restaurant skepticism but, unfortunately, even my low expectations were not met. Perhaps it was because they aren't used to serving brunch? Who knows - but regardless - not an excuse in my book.
4	Great service, we had a salad, New Orleans Mussels and a fabulous Grouper with black rice. Fantastic wine from the recommended daily list.
2	I sincerely wish I could write a 5 star review for E2 but I just can't. Which is unfortunate since it is the perfect location for a visit to the museums or Knight Theater. Last Friday there was a big crowd due to crawfish night and the volume level was really loud. Not so much because of the crowd but I think largely because of the acoustics. We started with the kale Caesar salad. This is a good idea but because kale if pretty firm, it would have been better with some other green mixed in. Also the pieces of kale were not bite sized. We also ordered the grouper with black rice and mussels. The fish was seasoned nicely and cooked perfectly but I felt the rice was a bit overcooked. The mussels had an off-taste - didn't finish them!Everyone we encountered was pleasant and friendly. However, their "tag team" service style caused some disconnect here and there. As in, one server not knowing what the other server had done. In general the service was slow and the bar service was really slow.This is my 3rd or 4th visit and I'll probably find other places next time.
4	The food was excellent. Perhaps the best ribeye I have ever had. We are outside. The weather was pleasant but very quiet outside which I found a bit odd for downtown Charlotte. The mussels were particularly good. Can't go wrong by eating here.
4	If you live within a couple hours drive of Charlotte, get in the car this afternoon, get to E2, and order the praline crusted bacon appetizer. You will not be disappointed. Shrimp and grits and pork chop entrees are also great. The have a unique cocktail menu and the dessert menu was pretty impressive, but we were too full to partake. The only thing preventing a 5-star review is the service. Our waiter seemed a little scattered and other servers had to jump in and help. Definitely give E2 a try.
3	We had a work function here in September. The food was pretty good and the service was friendly but it was SLOOOOOOW. I know we had a party of around 20-25 people but don't you guys plan for that? Some of our people had to leave prior to dessert because it was getting so late.
1	I think this might be my 1st 1 star rating I've given.  Having been in charlotte a long time I was excited for a celebrity chef.  I soon realized "don't believe the hype"The service was horrible.  Wait to get seated, wait to get greeted, wait to get our drinks...part of that problem was the server screwed up the order, wait to get apps...over 30 minutes.after over an hour and no sign of our entrees....we left.  This wasn't a busy show night...it was a regular night.E2...failure squared
5	Loved food and service! We had a group of 8 girls and they all were happy! We went for the nearby theater and this restaurant was super accommodating! The valley guys brought our cars after the theater. WE ARE COMING BACK!
5	Great service, even though we brought the baby they were extremely accommodating. Matthew and Jackie were our servers and we didn't have to ask for anything throughout our meal a+ service. There were 4 of us. I had the shrimp and grits...not bad at all (but I'm from California so maybe I don't know any better) the other three had the "house special filet" with lobster/chorizo Mac and cheese!!! Delicious and cooked to perfection!!! The Caesar salad had kale greens...a little different but not bad! No complaints from any of us! The drinks were strong and delicious! Careful, they creep up on you. I absolutely recommend the Cumbersome...perfect blend if booze and spice!
5	After reading some reviews about slow service we left plenty of time with a 5:45 reservation but our service was impeccable. The server and assistant server provided immediate service, brought bread, drinks, etc and cleared dishes with us barely noticing they were there. Their explanation of the food, wine pairings and other choices were extremely well done without being pompous. As soon as the slowest of us finished the meal, and not before, they were there with dessert. Bread and Gumbo were great. One companion said the shrimp and grits were the best he ever had and our banana cream pie was excellent. We would give Oysters Rockefeller and Rib eye a medium rating. We will definitely come back again.
5	As with all Emeril's restaurants, this one was excellent. The best shrimp and grits that I have ever had.  My friend had the pork chop and it was excellent as well. The service was excellent too. We really enjoyed ourselves. I wish we could have gone back again.
5	I'm not sure why there are so many so-so reviews:  I've been to a lot of restaurants, and I really enjoyed my time at e2!  Since there are a lot of reviews for the restaurant, I'll just give the highlights.-Great cocktail list.  Yes, they are pricey, but they are worth it.  Where else can you get bacon infused alcohol?  My favorite cocktail was a gin and sage creation with a lavendar foam.  It was delicious - order it now!-Simple, elegant courses.  I had the watermelon and heirloom tomato salad, which light and flavorful, and a wonderful start for my meal.  I then had a seared scallops special, which were cooked beautifully. -Great service.  I came during the busy dinner hour, and was by myself.  I was seated promptly at the bar overlooking the kitchen - which was very nice, as I needed some entertainment!  I had two servers waiting on me, and both were very nice.All in all, it was a perfect meal.  I left feeling satisfied.  Well worth it.
5	I absolutely love this place. I've been here cocktails, lunch, crawfish boils, dinner, special events... every experience has been just top notch.Don't believe me? Well, two days after Yelp's Summertime Soiree, a few of my friends wanted to go somewhere nice for dinner before a birthday party that night. One friend said, "let's go to the place that had the bread pudding at your Yelper party." So, we did. And they were completely blown away.It's not just the food that is amazing here, but also the staff. Miki (the general manager) is one of the most charming and captivating people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. He loves what he does. He's damn good at what he does.The only go-to item that I must order every time I come here is a cocktail: the grasshopper. Hendrick's gin, cucumber water , wheatgrass, lime juice, jalapeno simple syrup... it should just be called perfection. The entire cocktail menu is impressive.I've enjoyed everything I've gotten here. We usually order all the specials and share them. For my latest meal, I went with the lamb. I have never ordered lamb at a restaurant. I wanted to get something different than everyone else at my table, so Miki suggested it. He, of course, did not steer me wrong. It was delicious. My friend Paul got the shrimp and grits. He completely cleaned his plate. Seriously, it looked like he licked it clean.If you can manage to save room for dessert, get it. Hell, even if you are completely full... you should probably still get something sweet. Parking: they do have complimentary valet during dinner. e2 also validates for the Levine Center for the Arts Parking Garage. GPS can sometimes be tricky for this location because of the new-ish road name. If you are having problems, use 135 1st Street or 550 South Tryon instead.
4	4.5 Stars -Always an excellent choice for lunch or dinner. Went with work colleagues as we said goodbye to 2 friends moving on. I had the BBQ Coffee Chili rubbed pork tenderloin with sweet potato chips and a creamy kale salad. All were excellent! The pork was obviously brined as it was tender and moist. The service is always good here....very professional wait staff and the Manager comes around and asks if everything was done to our satisfaction.We came as a group of 9 and yet they seated us without issue. The food all came out at the same time, it was hot and relatively quick for a large group.I don't know why I hesitate on that 5th star.....but I do. It's funny because I'll give a "hole in the wall" a 5 star review quicker than I will a top restaurant such as this. Maybe because my expectations are SO lofty for places like e2! Maybe it's not fair, but hey, it is what it is. When you've eaten at SO many great 5 star restaurants across the continent as I have, I guess that enhances my expecations just a tad bit more. Oh well. e2 you're doing it right! Keep on....
4	Excellent shrimp and grits. I have eaten here 4-5 times, consistently great food. The service needs some work, but it's a great menu and a cool vibe. Parking is tough so you'll want to valet out front. Great place to grab a drink/apps at the bar as well.
4	Verrrrrrrrrry good. Nice atmosphere friendly staff. I had fried green tomatoes, grits, , greens & the house salad. All were awesome! But the best of the best was the dessert Chocolate sweet potato cheesecake!
2	I went out to dinner here last night with a few friends with high hopes that we're shot down when out entrees arrived. I ordered one of the specials, NY strip and crab cakes with potatoes gratin and asparagus. The crab cake was too salty to eat. The steak wasn't anything special either. My friend ordered the salmon and it was same, salty and not a lot of flavor.  The cocktails we ordered were great and the service was spectacular, unfortunately the food was not.  I wouldn't recommend coming here to eat but stopping at the bar for a cocktail would be a nice way to start your night.
5	I took my wife there for her birthday, as we have been to many of Emeril's restaurants. It was a total surprise to her as she was unaware E2 was opened in Charlotte. The atmosphere was just what she expected.  Drinks were outstanding as at every other E restaurant. Mussel appetizer was perfect, and the wait staff could not have been more attentive or friendly.I had a double cut glazed pork chop tht was as tender and juicy as a veal chop. Ate it all and wanted to gnaw the bone but manners prevailed. The only item that was less than perfect was my wife's entree, stuffed calamari and crab  with fennel. She knew this was slightly out there, but felt ( and I agreed) that the fennel  over powered the seafood. But this was a calculated decision. Not bad but not the usual Great quality.  The business manager, Milan Nikolic was another highlight.  When he heard my wife was not perfectly pleased he did everything possible. Because she wanted chocolate, absent from the night's menu, they procured a special chocolate/salted caramel dessert for her. Over the protests of both of us, Milan  refused to let us pay for her entree. At the end of the night we felt we had not only had a great dining experience but made new friends. We are both looking forward to returning again- this time with friends.After 25 years of dining out and entertaining clients I have come to the conclusion that Emeril truly understands not only great food but true hospitality and infuses them into a perfect dining experience.
5	Amazing service! Great food. I was happy to hear about 1/2 price wine night night on Monday and Thursday nights! Kevin and Taylor helped me at the bar and were terrific. The Serbian Legend recommended a fantastic wine as well. I also loved a San Francisco treat!
4	This will be an interesting review. Went here for a Farewell luncheon for a colleague, and there were 12 of us total. So decent size party. 11 of us were there at the same time, and they took our orders, but ONE colleague arrived about 15 to 20 minutes late, and because they decided that serving us all together would be for the best, they decided to WAIT until his order was placed/cooked/whatever before they brought the food out. Well that decision delayed us about an hour. It took that long to bring us out the food. Of course, being the party organizer and the one who recommended this place, I complained to the Manager who profusely apologized for the exceptionally long wait. Since it was getting very late (almost 1pm), we asked them to bring out the checks with the food as we expected to snarf it down and run. So they brought the checks out BEFORE the food was even served. The food finally arrived, warm but not hot, and it was pretty good quailty as usual. But the Manager saw the displeasure on our faces, especially mine, and came to me and apologized yet again, and then decided to COMP the entire meal.Well THAT act alone earned this restaurant 4 stars! The food was good as always, but for some unknown reason the kitchen/staff or whoever just dropped the ball on taking care of us. Thankfully the Manager, Dylan, did what a GOOD Restaurant Manager should do - Gave it to us for free. He didn't have to do that, and that cost this restaurant a pretty penny. But that showed me that they DO care about their customers, and I will continue to come back! So KUDOS to Dylan for being an excellent Restaurant Manager and recognizing when they fall short of their own lofty expectations, and doing the right thing to EARN our business! We WILL be back Dylan! Thank you!
3	Ate there for work team holiday lunch. Learned to finally stop ordering the special. Was a truffle pasta. Pasta was inedible. Strange. When I sent it back they described it as under cooked. I think l, yes, under cooked. But also left under heat lamps?  Scallops were perfect. But no one checked on us so my party was done eating before I could get my new dish. And the new one was oily and gross. Pasta fine. So.,just get Emeril's standbys like shrimp and grits. Avoid specials.
4	We rolled in during a trip to Charlotte and in need of a place that had good food for us adults and something decent for the kiddos.  E2 was a great find and we had an excellent meal all around.  My wife had the BRAISED SHORT RIB and LOVED it.   I had a bowl of the gumbo (could have used a bit more zip) and the bbq shrimp, which had this killer sauce that I dipped my bread in.  The kiddos had a cheese pizza (YUM) and pasta.  We also tried a few appetizers to start, the crown jewel of which is the YELLOWFIN TUNA CRUDO.  The Bacon appetizer was solid as well.
5	Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Chef went to NOLA this week and he came home with some amazing new tricks. I'm in love with E2 even more than usual. I just had the best meal I've ever had in Charlotte tonight. Thanks Chef Mottola!
4	We wandered in here at the end of the night after eating and drinking in Uptown at another place. We were hoping for one more glass of wine before walking home, but they were just about to close.The bar tenders took pity on us and allowed us to order drinks and sit at the bar and talk until they cleaned up and were ready to close. I will definitely be back for dinner soon since they were so nice to us and gave us a warm place to chill out on our walk home.The menu looks really good!
3	We went here for my husband's annual high-school Christmas reunion dinner this year. Not realizing, we should have gotten a babysitter to watch our 8-month old, we walked in to find a very upscale establishment - so much so, that I was embarrassed to ask for a high chair, so I didn't. We took turns holding our fussy baby throughout the meal. I guess I should have done more research before we decided to go, but all-in-all it was a pretty good restaurant. We ordered a bottle of wine and my husband ordered a beet salad and the scallop appetizer as his entree. He really enjoyed his food. I had the Lobster & English Pea Linguini as my entree. It was good, but later that night, I woke up nauseous on the verge of throwing up. Not sure if I ate bad lobster, or if it was just due to the fact that the pasta was swimming in butter. Either way, if I decided to eat here again, I'd probably order something different.The service staff was great. They kept our water and wine glasses full and repeatedly complimented our baby, saying how cute she was. We had a good time, but if I ever ate here again, I'd definitely get a babysitter, as it is not the most kid-friendly restaurant, and I'd definitely order a steak!  Someone else at our table got the pork chop and it looked delicious.
5	Had NYE dinner here with my boyfriend last night. I will make this review an easy read: everything was wonderful. Quality food, preparation of food, staff, and environment. Wonderful experience with some of the best food and drinks that I have had in a while. Calamari and braised bacon for appetizers. Charlottean for cocktails. Lobster and English pea linguini and Cap of Ribeye for dinner. Then of course, Banana Cream Pie for dessert. Every bite of the entire meal was excellent! Go enjoy a meal here!
4	I have booked two luncheons here in the past six months for our clients. One was a regular reservation and the other was for the private room. Both times the food was wonderful and the staff was amazing, and so incredibly accommodating. I've rarely seen such elegant service as when we booked the private room for our holiday luncheon. Service was choreographed so beautifully that they laid the entree plates down in tandem as they served. Our guests wanted for nothing. We will definitely continue to reserve E2 for our events.
5	As promised I returned to have dinner here. First things first: lavender sage gimlet! OFF THE HOOK!!!! They make it with this foam on top and it is the best cocktail I've had in Charlotte and that is saying something because I try specialty cocktails everywhere I dine and I dine a lot. Second cocktail fave. The grasshopper. Cucumbers and cayenne pepper! What the YES!? Now to the food. Loved the raw tuna and beets dish appetizer. Loved the gumbo. I mean really!???? Gumbotastic!  You had an appetizer and soup before dinner? Umm yes. The fried chicken and spicy rice was amazing too. Yum. Banana cream pie for dessert. Of course!The service was great. The bartenders are awesome. The server split the gumbo for us to share. That was nice. I would skip the calamari next time. It was good but you can get that anywhere. You have to have the gumbo though. Seriously. The location is sort of hidden right across from the Levine center. They have valet or you can park under and get validated. So I just have to say "BAM!"
