4	Unlikely little neighborhood bar nestled in a grocery store-anchored strip mall. This place has the largest menu I've ever seen - it's presented in a 3-ring binder and they have everything you can imagine... wraps, salads, pizza, burgers, mexican, etc... This place has been around for only 4 years, but it's developed quite a following. Many of the people there on any given day/night know each other. It recently went under new ownership and had a facelift. It's beach/surfer themed now... there are still buckets full of peanuts you can snack on - and don't worry about making a mess on the floor... that's what it's there for. They have a free goallininc.com sponsored poker tournament twice a week and it's one of the more challenging and fun poker crowds in town. They also have 6 or 7 huge flat screens for sports and a digital download jukebox with plenty of good music available.This place is great for familes and it's also great for locals and regulars - go once and you're a regular. The food is fantastic (but you might want to bring some Tums), and the prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and drinks are fairly priced.  If you're in the area, it's worth a visit - and it's better than Zipps across the street.
4	This bar is adorable. And its a Steelers bar, which makes my boyfriend extra happy:) Great place to go watch football as they have the NFL package!
3	I miss Bongo's. I haven't been since I broke up with my ex (who lives in Chandler). You know when you break up with someone and you end up losing like 50% of your friends? That's how I feel about Bongo's I usually came here for breakfast, very hungover  though on one occasion I did play poker in the evening. It's an interesting location, Albertson's shopping center on Ray and McClintock. The food is pretty good, pretty greasy and heavy but I like that kind of breakfast. The service is good as far as friendliness goes. My one big complaint (that got them docked 2 stars) is timing. It has never taken less the 40 minutes between ordering food and receiving it. That is horrible, especially if you're famished and had been up all night prior killing shots of Don Eduardo and doing other things you regret. Being bad makes me hungry, can I have my fucking plate of eggs please? They do have one fabulous Bloody Mary though... I'll give them that. Their menu is very extensive..... very different types of food offered, all quite tasty. I heard recently that it was closed or going to be closing. I'm glad that was just a rumor. Hopefully i will find a reason soon to revisit my old friend.
2	i was tricked into going to this dumpy little wanna-be dos gringos (and if you're aspiring to that be bar...) by some friends who live in the area and said this place had "GREAT breakfast food."excited to try a new brekkies joint, i came into bongo's and was immediately reminded of Gilligan's. Crap on the walls like surfboards and fake bamboo-ish looking wallpaper... a couple of booths and about ten tall tables with stools (boo - no place to lean back or hang your purse) and one enormous menu. i mean it - that menu is daunting.here's the thing. how about instead of offering a million crappy entrees, you just pick oh, i don't know, 20 of the favorites and be really good at preparing those. right away, i have to say, i judged the place for trying to cram too much stuff in the kitchen. here's another thing - somehow nothing of the 40 or so breakfast offerings sounded any good. not even a safe bet choice like eggs benedict? oi. on top of the crappy choices, they wanted $9 and up for this shit? and $3.75 for a screwdriver made with orange drink was their special?!so i went the unsafest bet i could have; the breakfast burrito. i know, i should have known better. country gravy in a burrito? what was i thinking? i panicked at the enormity of the menu i guess. it was nothing worth mentioning...about as salty and greasy as they come.ah well, not my kind of place, but i can it being a hit with the young 20's Chandler crowd (yeah, i'm assuming their a Chandler bar circuit).
4	I've been to Bongo's twice already and both times I have been very happy that I did. A little hole in the wall place that if you're driving by on McClintock, you could easily miss it. After a round of golf (Shot my best round in 5 years!) we headed over and proceeded to try to make the decision on what to order off of the vast menu selections. I had the Meat Stack (Yes it was) the first time, so I decided to try the Chicken Fried Steak burger only to find out that it wouldn't be available due to the freezer being repaired. Well, I ordered the Breakfast Burger with waffle fries. When the waitress brought it to the table, I was floored by the enormity of it. Bun, burger, cheese, fried egg, lettuce and tomato. As I tried to manuever this thing into my mouth, I caught a glimpse of something else settled in between the ingredients. HAM! I somehow got a bite and everything just seemed to be all right with the world. All the ingredients balanced out right. Hint of bacon, hint of cheese, the richness of the fried egg and a little ham to finish. The waffle fries were nice and crisp too. They also serve Tater Tots as a side as well.I don't know if my good round of golf made Bongo's taste better, so I'll have to go after a bad round. Or just go because I like this place.
5	Another place I have been going to for quite a while, Bongo's has the best weekend breakfast!!! The place is fun, the service is great, and the food is awesome! The Karaoke on Saturday and Wednesday evenings is always a blast, and they have live music every now and then on Fridays! And even better, the drinks are cheap and cold!
3	This is indeed a hole-in-the-wall type of place, and it is surprisingly well hidden in the shopping center if you are trying to find it for the first time. That's a positive in my mind, because it makes it feel like your own little party when you're enjoying a few drinks with friends. I had a blast meeting up with a buddy of mine here for a couple of beers and really enjoyed mingling with the unpretentious and fun bar patrons here.I was told repeatedly how good the breakfasts are here, but have only returned for lunch, which was a bit of a challenge to my digestive system. If you're the kind of person who can tolerate deep-fried bar food than this is your place, but I found the loose meat sandwich basket to be a bit more than I bargained for. It was basically two sloppy joes and a basket of tater tots, but the hamburger buns were slathered with chipotle ranch dressing and stuffed with taco-seasoned ground beef and a layer of jalapenos. I guess I should've ordered more carefully! 'Urp!The menu is extensive and the cuisine is what it is, but the beers are cheap and cold and the drunks are friendly. I'll be back... not necessarily for the dining, but for the memory of the overly enthusiastic MILF who attempted to dry hump me on the dance floor. Guess I'm just a romantic soul deep down...
5	Best Hot Dogs in AZ! I had their guac dog the other night and I was shocked! I have never been there outside of saturday nights, but Saturday night Karaoke keeps me coming back.
4	This joint is pretty cool.  I'm surprised it's in such a location and they definitely have to deal with competition @ Zipps across street.  However, this place is a nice place to hang with your buds for a drink or two...or three....you get the point.  Surf boards and Rock is the atmosphere.  I took off my bear label and stuck it on the wall.  Look for it, I had the Landshark Lager :)  I dig any place with live music; though this place was quaint and small they had band setup which was in your face, but classic rock is classic rock --- sweet!
4	Great neighborhood joint.  Huge menu with so much to chose from, and great drinks.  Wish this place was near me in East Mesa.  It is small, but packed with so much personality!
4	I've been performing here for a couple of years.  There's a comedy show every Wednesday and it's free.  But enough of the shameless self-promotion...Bongo's is a bar and grill.  There's a huge TV for whatever popular game is on that night.  (I rarely watch because there are COMEDIANS onstage!)The service is ultra-friendly, especially Kara.  It's typical bar food, but they have a huge menu.  There's something for everyone.  Me?  I'm quite partial to the cheese fries.  Yup.  Fries with cheese-in-a-can.  It's my guilty pleasure every time I perform there.There are regulars, like this one lady who feeds her kids then stumbles over to drink.  If you want a friendly, down-to-earth sports bar to hang out in, go to Bongo's.  If you're hungry, go to Bongo's.  If you want to laugh and eat and drink, go to Bongo's.  On Wednesday nights.  :}
2	My boyfriend and i came here on Sunday to watch the steelers preseason game against the broncos. We saw on the website that this was owed by a steelers fan. Our kind of people. We had planned on having a few drinks and checking out the menu... First of all... we didn't receive much of a greeting. The bartender just kinda said "what are you drinkin?" no biggie it was clearly a shift change. The guy that came on to replace him didn't say anything to us until we needed another drink. I need a little bit of a personality from my bartenders, being in the industry that's how i get some of my best tips... We decided to try their little trio thing (cant remember what exactly it was called) the pico just tasted like diced tomatoes... no flavor what so ever. Same with the bean dip. Cheese and olives can only hide so much.. Now the menu said that the guac was fresh... being a lover of Mexican food there was no way that was fresh guacamole... and it was bland like the other items. While i was there i noticed that the bartender kept making shots and serving them to the old dude that was making the food.... Whatever. We put out order in quickly so he wasn't to intoxicated while making my dinner. I ordered the taco wrap. Everything i said about the trio applies here... Bland Bland Bland. My bf had the meat stack sandwich. He said it wasn't bad... it looked nasty i had no desire to even try it. The guy in the kitchen came out had a few more drinks and started chattin it up with the other people around (total of 4 others). This place is small and didn't have a good selection of beer or liquor... Maybe about 5 seats at the bar and 10. The bathroom was filthy. i cant say ill be back here...
1	read the other yelpers reveiws and decided to try this out.  Must say I disagree.  Walking in, 2 dead roaches in teh entry window...omen.  Place had a cool bahama meets sports bar niche so we went it.   Went in for breakfast.  waiter had no clue about anything on the menu, kept asking US what the menu said.  Ordered a scramble and made sure it had cheddar, not american (asked because it said cheddar but they seem to list american cheese on everything else), it landed with both.  Asked for the potatoes to be crisp, they came blackened/el charro!  The bacon was unrecognizable from the blackened potatoes.  Wife's burrito was almost 100% full of potatoes.  Service was poor at best, a bit sweaty and unkept, but I will say my cranberry-OJ was good.  Avoid if you know what is good for you.
1	Out of business.
3	It's closed.  It used to be a neighborhood hangout and had some roots in the area.  With ZIPs, Lucky Lous, and a few other places must have been too much.The number is disconnected and website shows for sale.
