3	Bait and Switch.We called to ask about window tint because their website doesn't list their prices, and after we told them what we wanted and what kind of car we had, they told us it would be $250 which included a free car wash. Sounded okay, so we made the journey up to NoSco.When we got there, they tried to upsell us on a detailing to get rid of the water spots - well, won't the fucking car wash take care of that or is it extra if we actually want it to be clean? Then we started talking to someone who was more of a manager or whatever and he directed us to a price sheet - 600 bucks for our car. WTF? I told him they told us something wildly different on the phone and he denied having much to do with that. I let him know I was more upset with the people on the phone than with him - he offered to drop prices a little on what we actually wanted after trying to give us a demonstration on the effectiveness of the tint (we already know, that's why we came all the way out here). We were almost going to leave, but he offered to drop his price on the cheap stuff they sell so we went ahead and took it. We still paid a little more than we would have elsewhere for the same thing, but at least we have a warranty now.They finished with our car an hour early and ended up charging us extra for the wash which was supposed to be included. Whatever - they did a good job. Time will tell if this stuff holds up - we were happy with what we got... it's better than no tint. After we paid, we went to gas up and their pump kept glitching out on us so we just decided to say "fuck it" and get the hell out of dodge. In retrospect, we should've taken a road trip to California and had it done cheaper while on vacation. Also, I think that this place looks too corporate to have to word "family" in the name... seems a little misleading. Three stars is a positive review - it's nearly a four. I'm just sour on the price thing and the upselling and the hidden fees and the retarded gas pumps.
1	I'm done!  I've been here 3 times (twice for my truck and once for my wife's Mustang).  The vehicle is always dirty and they have to rewash it and end up throwing in discounted goodies to help make up for poor workmanship.Today after they had to wash my wifes car twice and waxed mine to make it right, I got in the truck to find 11 empty water bottles, 2 aluminum coke cans, two Styrofoam cups and an assortment of napkins and trash on the floor (we had just finished a road trip of sorts).  I even have one of those in-truck waste bins.  It was still over flowing with trash.  I thought, "maybe they just forgot the inside," but NOPE!  They did the inside of the windows.  They vacuumed the seats and put the fragrance in.  They even ArmorAll'd the dash!  How did they miss all of the trash in the truck?Danny's prices are dirt cheap.  I wouldn't mind paying $5.00 to $10.00 more if they could just do the job right the first time.  I don't have all day to be their Quality Control Auditor and they certainly aren't paying me to do it either!TAKE A HIKE DANNY!  WE ARE DONE WITH YOU!Does anybody know of a good car wash place in North Phoenix / Scottsdale?
3	So my review is not entirely about the "car wash" piece of this business.... but more about the "lunch" piece. I work 1/2 a block away from Danny's and I usually frequent them for a quick lunch about twice a week. They bring in fresh hot pizza's from Barros several times a day. The lunch special is 2 slice (any available) and a drink for $4 bucks (plus tax... $4.35). The pizza is decent, and it's cheap and quick. As far as the car wash goes... it's the same as (in my opinion) as the other big car wash out let (starts with a "C" and end with "obblestone").Like most car washes... they hit you up for several "up sells", then do an OK job washing the car. If you DO NOT have the stomach for MASS up sells... I recommend that you DO NOT get your oil changed here... OMG... they will convince you you need an entire engine rebuild by the time they are done! You will needs belts, hoses, air filters, transmission rebuilds, you name it... and they will be happy to do it all while you wait.... and throw in a free car wash! :)So there you have it... go get some pizza, have them rebuild your car, but it will be clean and have that new car smell! Tell them "Danny" sent ya!
1	Are you kidding me?This place is the worst.  Every visit there's been a problem.First time I went, I asked for the VIP or Works or whatever the hell they call it - the one where they wash the car and Armor All the inside - it's $17.99.  The guy tried to sell me a $150 detail after I asked for it.  I was like, ha, no thanks.  Wash was fine.Next time I went, I had to send the car back to be vacuumed again.  There was sand and bits of dirt still all over the floor in the back.Third time I went, I had to send the car back again for vacuuming.  Dirt still all over the front floor, back floor and back seats.  Scuffing and dirt visible on back of seats and by door openings.Fourth and LAST time I went (and LAST TIME I WILL EVER PAY THIS PLACE FOR A CARWASH)......they SENT MY CAR THROUGH THE WASH WITH THE BACK WINDOW CRACKED TWO INCHES.MY BACK SEAT WAS DRENCHED.THE ATTENDANT WHO WIPED IT DOWN AFTERWARD NEVER EVEN MENTIONED IT TO ME.  HE IGNORED IT.  i HAD TO DISCOVER IT MYSELF.All THIS and it STILL NEEDED TO BE RE-VACUUMED AND WIPED DOWN DUE TO DIRT AND SCUFF MARKS STILL VISIBLE EVERYWHERE.NO IDEA HOW THIS PLACE STAYS IN BUSINESS.  IT'S AWFUL.
1	I am hear visiting from CA and needed a wash after a brief downpour, I was directed to Danny's from the concierge and boy was I disappointed. First the guy hounded me to get a "special" deal on a detail job that is normally $249.00 and he would get it for me at $199.00 being a salesperson I figured if he was negotiating I would to.. I offered him $125.00 he gave me an attitude and told me he wouldn't do it and he had to move on. I took the normal wash and went to pick up my car...keep in mind it is a black car and the temperature was up around 95 degrees,  noted to the dryer guy that it is a bad idea to have a black car straight out of the wash in the direct sun, considering you have a over 100 feet of under roof shade!!!... He told me that they have to move them up to keep the line going...there was ONE other car behind me...besides that they were using DIRTY towels...I would have thought that being that Arizona is one of the cleanest states overall that I have been in the car washes would mirror that care.. NOT!!!!!
2	It's an OK car wash.  Not great, but not too horrific either.  You need to go during off-peak hours to maintain your sanity.  If you are in Scottsdale, the one on Raintree/Northsight beats the one at Paradise/Scottsdale.  The woman on Raintree are way hotter too..if that matters to you :)
2	This place does a mediocre job at best, as does every other car wash in the valley. And the detailing is always half off. Unless you decline. Then it goes to 60-70% off. Nice waiting area and reasonable prices is probably what keeps me coming here instead of cobblestone or az auto wash (both almost $10 more for the same crappy wash), and there's usually a couple hot girls here on the weekends, a little scenery never hurt anyone. What gets me is, every time I come here, they try whacking me with a $3 fee for a large SUV. Last couple times I checked, I don't drive an SUV at all. They always remove it when I say something about it, but the fact that they do it and hope you don't notice is annoying.I will say, this last time, i went when they were dead, and it was definitely one of the best washes ive ever had from them. cleaned and polished the wheels well, blew off most of the excess water from the cracks, and even polished one of the two exhaust tips without me having to ask. I did have to remind him to polish up the other one, and to wipe down the door jambs.
5	Note: I originally posted this to the wrong location. Guess I'm not perfect.  Bummer.I'm a young-ish chick, bringing pretty nice vehicles in for washes, a few times a week.I've yet to get the hard sell here.  As it's their job to make sure we, the customers, know our wash options, they suggest x, y and z.  I turn them down.  They quickly accept it.  Simple as pie.They are speedy, friendly, and as for the interior vacuum and clean, no complaints there.  Exterior hand-dry is done very quickly and I've yet to see them miss a spot.They have plenty of discount options that are automatically applied once you register your license plate on their website (you cannot do this in store, ONLY on the website).  I cannot attest to how well they are applied, because I bring in client vehicles and I'm not about to register someone else's car on my email address.$.25 coffee and soda for officers in uniform is a nice touch.  Nerdy copper photos on their website though...Tons of crappy trinkets inside the shop/waiting area that smells like 5000 different types of air fresheners mixed together.  Gag.  Plenty of seating outside means you won't smell like a cheap whore after you pick up your newly cleaned car.
1	This Thursday I went in for a spur of the moment carwash on the way to the bank. As soon as I pulled up the cleaners were getting into my car and cleaning before I even told them what package I wanted. I got out of the car and they left me so disoriented I left my checks in my glove compartment at the very bottom under gum and mints and coupons. It wasn't until I got into my car I remember I had left a $100 bill rolled between two of my checks. I figured they wouldn't have gone into my glove compartment since they aren't supposed to clean there but I double checked. I could NOT believe my eyes when my $100 bill was gone. They took it. I turned around and talked to the manager who pretended to be helpful and "search" the cleaners but he found nothing. He then said he would watch the video tapes and give me a call in 30 min. He has still not called me back. I understand it was my fault for leaving cash in my car but it was hidden underneath my things and they should not go through my belongings. On top of that, my car is not even clean. There is shoe marks on my leather seats which were from them crawling around in my car and not cleaning it. My windshield still had bird poop on it. I advise you not to go here and if you do take EVERYTHING out of your car. I will never go back and neither will anyone I know. Places where people who work there are thieves is not a business that should be supported.
4	They are usually awesome!  Great deals, good washes and fast oil changes!  Also, they have never pressured me to buy anything additional to what I want. They have made suggestions (mostly after oil changes) but are not pushy when I say no.  The only reason I did not give 5 out a 5 is because a few times they have done a poor job drying my car after a wash.  This caused many water marks on my car on the way home.  I reported this to management via email but thy were unhelpful.  That's the only---makes sure they dry your car well before you leave or it will ruin your wash!
3	This review is for the car wash. Only negative is how relentless these guys can be with the up sell. Makes for an uncomfortable experience sometimes. Outside of that everyone else is friendly, and my car always comes out looking purty.
1	Danny's car wash on Scottsdale Rd & Greenway Hayden Loop are the worst for up selling and for  having inexperienced guys doing work on cars. After a a really bad decision to leave my car with them and have them perform services on my car other than a wash. The "mechanic" admitted using a machine that pumped air into my radiator and that air caused my car to overheat and for the boiling  fluid to bathe all the internal parts of my car. The AC system was damaged somehow, and guess what? they "fixed" it by re-doing the radiator flush again and the car overheated a second time. Since then I have had nothing but problems with my Van that I had not had before, racked up mechanic bills, rentals to be able to be mobile during that time.A Danny's representative refuses to admit any responsibility, another responded to a BBB complaint by lying and saying that my mechanic said- the issues were not related but the mechanic did not say that. Either way, my Van still doesn't work properly or like it did before taking it to Danny's.Won't give up Danny's you will pay for my car to be fixed.
1	It appears that with the litigation fiasco underway, this car wash had left its doors open to collect monies to pay for attorney fees. How else could one explain the painfully horrific car wash I received yesterday. Now I'm typically the last one to complain but when I have to go home to wipe down my car with a damp washcloth and re-wash my windows...that pretty pathetic. Please do us all a favor and just close your doors!
3	Definitely too pushy but did a good job superficially. The detail looked super nice, so nice I decided to keep the car. Unfortunately many of the interior stains reappeared after a couple weeks. All in all I got what I expected and they cut me a better deal than any of the groupon offers. Thanks Matt and ticket dude (Chad maybe?)
1	This location of Danny's car wash ruined the ac in my car, caused my car to overheat not once but twice. The attendant admitted to that he used a machine that was faulty and pumped air into my radiator. They said they would fix it and made it worse. Car overheated a second time causing the compressor to completely die and for the wires to burn. The visit to Danny's Car wash has cost me several hundreds dollars and Danny's Car wash refuses to make it right. They are holding on to what one person said at Right Toyota, someone who after having the car for over 2 days they could not fix or tell what  the problem was. However, they did charge for the time they had my car. Had to take the car to Camelback Toyota where they guaranteed that  they would find what was wrong with car. They did, they worked on my car until they were finally able to fix it and the overheating of the car caused all these problems. Danny's car wash has a lot of negative publicity lately, the owner won't show his face. The arrest their employees was on TV and they have incompetent people working on cars. This complaint is going all the way to the better business bureau and the media until Danny's car wash covers all damages.
2	Danny's, why oh why did you leave me waiting for my car without telling me it was done? I came here to get my car detailed and they said it would take awhile so I grabbed my book and waited in the main area. After awhile of waiting inside, the air was getting too stiff, so I decided to move out to the fresh air and deal with the heat. I waited on the benches where they dry the cars. I waited and I waited. Finally after waiting nearly an hour, I decided to ask someone. I asked a man working there and he looks around, points to my car that's behind me in a random parking spot hidden from where I was waiting, and says the car's been ready for 20 minutes. However, nobody told me! I was sitting there and they saw me waiting (and mind you, I was the only one waiting), but nobody told me my car was ready. Who knows how much longer I would have waited if I hadn't asked. I was pretty disappointed in the lack of customer service and sadly, I don't think I will return to this Danny's anytime soon.
3	Fast, friendly service. No pressure to buy anything more than I wanted.  Comfortable waiting area  (but they can dial down the scented air a touch). Pet friendly.
2	Service has gone down significantly since the investigation. Usually they do a great job, but today it took forever just to get a basic car wash. I had to ask them to vacuum out my car when I got in it because they "forgot" to do that. Longer waits and lower quality washes will make me look elsewhere to get my vehicle washed going forward.
2	Deceptive sales practices!  Buyer beware!  The sales guy sells you that if you buy a detail package for $89, he will throw in three free car washes but really you only get two. One is counted when you get the detail.Ok. It was bothering me, so I went in and asked for a refund for the detail and they made it right by giving me a free coupon for a works wash.
1	Brutal. Why do I keep giving this place "one more chance". It used to be great and after their recent problems, things have obviously changed. But if you are going to keep your doors open, have some pride! Maybe the owner should be down here setting the example for his employees....I hate to say the worst car wash ever....but no more chances from me.
5	I usually come here for the car washes, but today my tires were looking extremely flat, so I decided to stop by Danny's for some help. I didn't know how much air to put in my tires or even how to do it right. Adam Fisher helped me out! He was extremely nice, aired up my tires for free AND pointed out a screw in my back tire. Thank you!
1	It took until my 3rd terrible experience at this place to finally write a review.  Be ready for hundreds of dollars of "preventative maintenance" up sells and terrible customer service.  We took our car and we had a time commitment which they promised to meet since we had to be across town at a specific time to try and sell the car.  45 minutes past out deadline we finally got the car back and pissed off the potential buyer in the process! Their solution was a free $10 car wash, thanks Danny's!
3	Go on a weekday. The last few times I have gone have been very rushed and the job was half ass. Maybe my expectations are high but for $15 I expect the dirt to be vacuumed and wiped off and not just coated with armor all and rubbed around. I also expect the exterior to be clean without large swathes missed.
1	Worst car wash I've ever been to.  Not only did this joke of a location do the crappiest job on my car I've ever had, they also managed to not clean the interior at all after I specifically asked for it to be cleaned. Didn't leather lotion the seats, or clean the windows, no air freshner after I asked or pacific breeze. The outside is still dirty, there were water puddles in my cup holders and dog hair was everywhere. Are you KIDDING me?This place is a disgrace. Maybe if the employees stopped screwing around long enough to so their jobs I would not have wasted my entire lunch hour there.
1	I hardly ever complain about a business on Facebook but I feel compelled. Many of my friends are Realtors and get their cars washed frequently. I will never go back to Danny's Family Car Wash. My car was still dirty after it was washed and I feel they did a poor job handling the customer service issues I shared with them. My shop cloths I used re-washing the dirt from my car, rims and paint when I returned home, were filthy. $30 I will never get back and precious moments of my life wasted in a futile attempt to gain customer satisfaction. Refunding my $30 would have been far less expensive than having poor reviews all over the social media channels.  Not happy!
1	I would give them a negative rating if I could. We were overcharged for The Works wash and when we brought it to the attention of the clerk she gave us a huge run around. I've never experienced worse customer service. Finally after radioing her manager she agreed to charge us as it is advertised. Then to top it off when we asked to take advantage of the student discount ($3 off) she said it was too late because she apparently can't refund our transaction and recharge us. Which is bull. Now for the condition of our car and the outside employees... Everyone stands around in a group talking and smoking like social hour. When our vehicle say there unattended to for over 5 minutes. A couple of employees came around to our car and used the same dirty rag to wipe down the interior, exterior, and the windows just spreading around the grime. It was especially amusing when one employee yelled to the other "stop f****ig around" cuz they were all just joking around and laughing. Our car is covered in water spots, the interior is dusty, they did one swipe along the inside of the trunk and that's it. Missed an entire wheel. It was so crappy we couldn't stand it anymore so we left. We talked to a manager who REFUSED to give us our money back. Poor, awful, abysmal service. Never ever again. Huge rip off!
1	Annoyingly slow!!!!  Takes an hour to get a car wash.  Not acceptable. People have jobs and lives Danny's but then again it is apparent lately by your quality and your staffing that you have give up!
1	Wow... Super disappointing carwash. Paid for a hand carwash and have been sitting here for the last hour before they started washing my car. I had to bring this up with the manager to see what the delay was. The carwash has 4 cars going through the machine and they continue to put cars through the machine and let my car sit there.  Finally, after they hand washed the car, the guy gets in with his shoes all wet and puts marks all over the inside the car on the driver side floor mat. I had to wait an extra 15 minutes while they sent someone to clean the mats. Not a good experience. Over 1 hour and 20 minutes for a carwash. To top it off, they over-sprayed the interior with way to much shine. The steering wheel was like an oil slick.
1	I used to come here a lot, but last couple washes I had were bad. I don't even tip anymore. I ask them what I want and I even tell them in detail. They don't listen. I don't really feel safe leaving my car to have them clean the inside so I do that myself. I only come when I don't have time to go somewhere else.
1	This has been my go to car wash since it opened well over 15 years and boy has it gone down hill. Today I arrived at 12:20pm with only one other car waiting in the ticket writing/vacuum area. There was one guy vacuuming the other car and 4 others standing there. Each, at some point in my ridiculous 5+minute wait for my ticket to be written, came over to offer me an oil change, a wind shield replacement, fuel etc but not one could write a ticket. Finally the magic ticket writer appeared and wrote my ticket. My car went through the car wash in sub 3 minutes as it was out before I was done paying and it was evident how 'fabulous' of a job they did on the vacuuming. Clearly nothing had been done but I was just over this whole experience.Waiting outside in this lovely 105+ heat, I noticed they have turned their misters off as well. Great customer experience and satisfaction...not! The inside was barely wiped down but I didn't want to spend one more minute here. Also, while I was inside the cashier was very sweet and when I commented that they needed more ticket writers, she agreed. Not sure how Danny's expects to increase sales if you can't even get a ticket written! Better yet, how about they cross train one of the 4 guys standing around doing nothing to write a ticket in a timely manner. As a final note, when I pulled away I went left, not right as most people do and saw 5 more Danny's employees hanging out under a tree. Guess I know where all everyone went. Later Danny's!
1	I don't recommend this awful unprofessional place. I took my car to get my car windows tinted. What a disappointment when the manager informed me after an hour they couldn't find the film and they were in the area looking for it. I cancelled everything because my car was sitting there for 1 hour and nobody even bother to inform me nothing. I had to get the manager Tyler to ask around and he didn't even know what was going on. They made difficult to get a refund because they said they don't refund anything. After corporate office was called they refunded so I finally left the place in a hurry. This business is a joke. I honestly do not recommend this.
2	Awful.  They look clean and competent - but every time I go there (and this is my last) - the car seems actually dirtier than when I arrived!  How is this possible?  Well, after they hand it back to me, there are crumbs etc on the seats (sloppy vacuuming) the  cupholders and console still has stains - I  mean OBVIOUS stuff.  There wasn't a visit where I had too send them back 2-3 times to re-vacuume  or re-wipe the inside.  I am no clean freak by any means,  This was just sloppy work,  Consistently.
5	This is one of the best and I think largest locations. Service is always consistent here. Maybe that's the pretty girl special. But haven't experienced issues like some I have read. Their attention to detail is awesome. Friendly staff and usually quick turnaround. Just in time for happy hour or hot date :)
1	It's sad.   I have been visiting this location for four years.  Always appreciated the positive customer service and overall quality of work.  This quality has quickly declined over the past few months.  I have had poor washes and dealt mostly with unfriendly staff.  My most recent visit was a nightmare.  Poor customer service and they kept my house keys!!!!!!!!I went to the carwash because my battery had died mid-day.  I had purchased my last battery through Danny's and was hoping to take advantage of their warranty.  Unfortunately, my warranty was expired by a month and the informed me that there was nothing they could do about that.  I said fine and proceeded to get an oil change and a new battery.  After about 30 minutes they told me that the oil change was completed but that they did not have the battery in stock.  I asked them to please make sure staff knew not to turn the car off so I would not need a jump before leaving.  They did not relay this message to the car wash.  After having my car washed, an employee came over to tell me I was having battery trouble and that they could not start the car.  I informed the man that the battery trouble was my original reason for coming.  After waiting again for the service department to come over and jump my car again, I left to purchase a battery elsewhere (O'Reilly's, great prices and a great three year warranty btw)When I arrived at O'Reilly's i realized that they had only returned the fab for my car and NOT the keys that were attached to the fab.  I called Danny's to state I would be coming back for my keys.  They assured me that they had given me the keys and told me the service department was closed so I could not come back for the keys anyway. . .SOOOOO how am I supposed to get into my house Danny's if you have my house keys???  Luckily a friend had an extra set.I called first thing in the morning Friday.  Was assured they did not have my keys and that a manager would call me.  No call back Friday.I called this morning (Saturday) and spoke with a manager.  He assured me that he had my keys and that I could pick them up at any time.  I said, I tried to pick the keys up twice at this point and felt that it was their responsibility to return them to me.  After about 10 minutes of speaking with the manager, he assured me that the keys would be dropped off at my condo complex by 5.NO KEYS.  4 days later. . .NO HOUSE KEYS???  What gives Danny's????
1	I come here about once a year and then I remember why I don't come here more often. My car was next in line to get washed and 3 corp vans were moved in front of me. And now I wait. Will prob take 40 mins to get out of here .
1	At Danny's now, for just a car wash...We paid at 2:27 and it's now 3:38 and my car is STILL not finished. Ridiculous how much time I waste here and if you value your time, find another car wash. I am- Danny's just lost two regular customers.
1	I went to Danny's by the recommendation of a family friend while visiting Scottsdale from Austin, TX.Not only was the car wash sub-par and the customer service abysmal, but my sunglasses were stolen from the case I leave in my glove box.I also found a half-smoked cigarette on my backseat before leaving. I don't smoke.Avoid this disaster at all costs.
