5	I always think it's bizarre that the main street in Edinburgh only has shops on one side of the street. The other side has the jaw-droppingly stunning view of Prince Street Gardens, with Edinburgh Castle keeping a watchful eye high above on the rocks, and railway lines running right through the bottom of the valley. There can be no other place quite like it. It's especially pretty at the height of summer, but it's gorgeous when the gardens are covered in snow too. If you visit Edinburgh, it's a must see. Don't be like us local people who often take it for granted.
5	When I was child, I would go to this garden with my first gf back in highschool and "hold hands and make out" (aww....) under a tree (no joke!). It's under the Castle and right next to Edinburgh Train Station. Edinburgh has many beautiful greens and this one is very nice. It's right next to Princes Street, so you can rest & have a nice lunch or picnic when are tired of window shopping.
4	This is a great place to relax for mabye a picnic or just relaxing after your big long shop on princess street.It offers great views to the castle.
5	Spectacular!  It's so green here, and it's a great place to relax between shopping, eating, and sightseeing.  You also get a great view of these gardens from the top of the castle!
4	Princes Street Gardens is a calm, peaceful getaway from the crowded Princes Street which is over run with buses, tram works and shoppers. On a sunny day this is the perfect place to have a picnic and just relax. You can sit on the benches or the grass and watch the tourists trample by, the kids (young and old) playing, the young lovers humping on the grass... Oh wait you don't want to see that, but you probably will as sometimes people forget they are in the middle of a bustling city. When working on Princes Street during the summer I looked forward to my lunch break where I would grab some food from Marks and Sparks and sit enjoying my surroundings in the gardens. You can admire the view of the castle and the fantastic buildings in the Old Town which overlook the Gardens.Princes Street Gardens is that little slice of tranquility in an otherwise crowded and noisy city.
4	This is one of my favourite places to be in Edinburgh when it's a nice day. Even if it's not a particularly sunny day, I still love strolling through the gardens. I always cut through from market street to the galleries in the Garden as it cuts back foot-traffic and it's just a nice place to be!However, there has been more than one occasion where I've felt intimidated by large groups of teenagers experimenting with their eye-liner and hair-dye. They all seem to hang around the gates so it looks frightening when you're walking in...but within 2 minutes you can't even hear them and you're left in peaceful bliss! It's so easy to forget that you're in the centre of Scotland's capital, it is so beautiful. If I'm out shopping on Princes St I always grab a sandwich and eat on one of the benches in the Gardens. It's lovely!
5	Despite living so close to the Meadows, the place to be when the sun comes out in Edinburgh - I would rather be here, in Princes Street Gardens.Firstly, its much quieter, but being so close to Princes Street, its a lot more ecclectic in its users (rather than the student biased Meadows) and there are a lot more things like ice cream vans etc. Whats more, you will always have the feeling of being in a local park, its so relaxing and fun. People playing frisbee, reading even sleeping in the sunlight, its really a joy.But that isnt the reason I come here - its the view - that stunning view, ranging from the Balmoral Hotel and the bridges on your left - all the way to the castle on your right. Its mind blowing.
4	With the backdrop of Edinburgh castle and well kept flora, Prices Street Gardens is an ideal parallel to the to the, at times, busy and congested shopping district of Edinburgh.Catch the gardens on a sunny day and you'll find it attracts a variety of people young and old, a interesting mix of activity (the occasional performing arts demonstration), and all round pleasant atmosphere.Ideal for sprawling out on the grass verges with your lunch, staring up towards the castle perched on its towering rock formation.
5	A sea of green tranquility in the heart of Scotland's capital, Princes St gardens is magical all year round.With its glorious blooming flower beds, freshly cut grass and the central ornate, classical gold fountain (arguably its crowning glory), Prices St gardens offers an oasis of calm in the middle of Edinburgh's hustling high streets.The gardens were erected in the Victorian era and still exude the air of wealth and showiness that encompassed the old grand tour culture. They are pretty, well maintained and thus play hosts to many Fringe and Festival events, not to mention the world famous Hogmanay stage. The gardens are especially stormed during these seasons, and performers are glorified in the gorgeous surroundings.During the winter the gardens host a winter wonderland which is absolutely magical. You can expect to see a busy marketplace selling food and candy canes, not to mention Icelandic reindeer! But even though the gardens are remarkable on these occasions, they still offer a wonderful space to lounge around on during the quieter months, not to mention hosting a cafe. They even have the permanent fixture of a carousel should you get carried away with yourself after a wee coffee!Beautiful all year round, Princes St gardens truly is a park for all seasons.
4	As a fully-fledged, loud and proud misery guts, I tend to prefer it when it's grey and drizzly rather than beaming down with sunshine. To that end, I'm maybe not the best person to commentate on Prince's Street Gardens, but regardless of my dislike for sunshine, it's very beautiful and has cracking views over the castle and some of Edinburgh's other grand buildings.It's still no excuse to take your top off, guzzle cider and chuck a frisbee about as soon as the thermometer hits 20.
5	Initially I dismissed Princes Street Gardens as a way of filling space - a bit of lawn and a few shrubs, but this was for two reasons: firstly I saw it in winter and secondly because I was wrong.  Seeing these gardens in summer is an absolute delight.  In my past I've worked as a gardener, visited some truly exceptional gardens and I have to say that I'm impressed.  If you are in the Princes Street area this is well worth a visit - there's plenty of benches (and you'll see that I really mean that when you visit it) so you may as well stop here for a rest or for some lunch.  I can't think of a better place to take a break.  Not only that, but across in your eyeline you'll see the castle and the spectacular mound it sits on.
4	Let's be honest, this is a pretty handy spot of greenery right in the centre of town, with exceptional scenery for your perusal, something which I'm probably completely ungrateful for, having lived in Edinburgh for so long.The merits of lolling around in the gardens are simple. It's an expansive, well designed, green space available to everybody, so if you don't have a garden at home and fancy some chilled out sun basking, or if you're wandering about the centre and want to find a peaceful spot to drink your coffee or eat your lunch, or even just to banter with friends, the gardens are an accessible and scenic option. The gardens stretch across Princes Street in different, large sections, and form part of the dramatic looking landscape which separates old town and new. There are benches at intervals around the gardens, although a lot of people prefer a grassy seat or taking a pew underneath a tree. The views of the old town, including Edinburgh Castle of course, are beautiful from here, plus you have the towering Scott Monument to behold, the National Gallery, and the carousel and grand fountain towards the west side of the gardens. During hotter weather, people flock to the gardens in droves, which does create a really summery atmosphere, even if you can't find as quiet a spot as you would during the rest of the year. I love seeing the gardens most of all at Christmas time, when fairy lights are draped through the trees which border the gardens, and a Christmas fair and ice rink situate themselves inside the gardens for some festive mulled wine drinking and merry frolicking.
5	Open dawn til dusk 365 days a year, Princes Street Gardens is Edinburgh's equivalent of Central Park.Situated in the middle of the city, it was built in 1820 and with the exception of a carousel, childrens playground and ice-rink in the winter, it's remained untouched. There's acres of green grass, pretty flower beds and thousands of shrubs which help create a calm and peaceful environment. Artists can  be seen painting canvases in the  summer and there's usually a clutter of tourists snapping shots of the surrounding landmarks. Speaking of which, Princes Street Gardens offers picture postcard views of everything from Edinburgh Castle and Scott Monument to the South Bridge, National Portrait Gallery and of course, Princes Street itself.
5	Princes Street Gardens is second only to the Meadows for a place to chill out with your mates on hot, sunny days.  The only problem is that is that it can get a bit tight for space, especially when everyone's trying to chuck a ball about.  Regardless, it's got some well tended grass, nice benches and rows of trees and shrubs which give the place a really relaxed feel.  Whenever my friends and I are on Princes Street on scorching days we get a MaccyD's and a milkshake and head down to the gardens.  Even when it's not T-shirt and shorts weather, it's still a great place to come and chill out right in the heart of the city.
4	Even though Princes Street gardens have been reviewed many times before, I thought I would contribute my own view of one of Edinburgh's delights! The gardens, which were artificially made (The area used to be a lake) is the ideal place to chill out in the city centre on a hot day! The gardens are all bright and well looked after. Whilst sitting and walking in the gardens you are offered great views of the city, including views looking up to the castle. Inside the gardens, the Sir Walter Scott Monument is located there, with it being a tourist hot spot. Deeper in the gardens there is an open air stage which has been home to many public music events. During the winter, these gardens are transformed into the Christmas village, with a Ferris wheel and an ice rink. Whatever time of year though, Princes Street gardens always stands out!
5	With the festival period under full swing in Edinburgh, walking down Princes Street is a task requiring real patience, and if you feel an aneurism coming on as I have many times over the last few days, it's good to know one can escape down to the gardens.A friend and I discovered the gardens by mistake, and it's got to be The Pleasant Surprise of July 2010! Like many public areas in Edinburgh, it's immaculately maintained. It's also a whole level below Prince's Street so it's quite easy to forget all the chaos taking place just a few seconds away. It's large enough to properly strecth your legs, and they're all sorts of perfectly manicured flower bushes  here and there! To top it all off, there's a pretty impressive fountain in the midst of all this, and a mindblowing view of the Edinburgh Castle just above.After spending such a long time mourning over the loss of the meadows, which is about 30 minutes away from my flat, I'm definitely a happy to have found a more than suitable replacement!
4	The Tower Room in New College gives the most amazing views of East and West Princes Street Gardens, and over the rooftops of the New Town to the Firth of Forth and to Fife.Coming down the stairs and across Mound Place there is a barely noticed gate into the West Garden. Immediately through the black wrought iron, the walker has a sense of being in the crucible of a drained loch.   The path leads on down into the one-time depths that were emptied by the tunnels that bring trains from the north and the west into Waverley Station.This park, as the name suggests, is tamed and domestic, but it is an exuberant use of prime land on one side of a world famous shopping street.  Princes Street Garden has to be one of the most eccentric spaces in a city more famous for its sobriety and reason.
5	great place for strolling in the middle of edinburgh to get away from the hustle bustle of all the traffic. great during winter with the winter wonderland but is expensive and in the summer you have crazy golf a must.
4	Beautiful plave and lovely to spend time in any season of the year.1 star is taken off of it due to the drunken tramps.(raggedy men rather than slutty females lol)
4	Princes Street Gardens is not to be missed if you're visiting the city, and should be enjoyed by all the residents.  The gardens are beautiful and surprisingly peaceful despite the proximity to Princes Street.  It used to be one of my favourite places to visit in the city and I look forward to seeing it again.My memory of the gardens is marred only by an experience we had with a Council worker there.  My wife and I were feeding the birds in the garden and as they were pecking at the breadcrumbs we'd thrown for them this man in a yellow waistcoat came charging up to us screaming about how we were littering and threatening us to try and get us to clean up the crumbs the birds would have eaten had it not been for his loud intrusion.Unfortunately, this is not an uncommon experience in the gardens.  Those in charge of maintaining the place can be a little militant and can tarnish an otherwise beautiful day.  Not the fault of the gardens, but one star removed because of their obtrusive and sometimes offensive behaviour.
4	Other than the Meadows there's nowhere better for an easy stroll on a sunny day.
5	Not much to add to what others have written except to say that in mid-April the tulips, daffodils, azaleas, and rhododendrons were at the peak of their blooming. Loads of statues with plaques, playgrounds, a carousel, snack bars, benches, and even a small amphitheater.  I hope you Edinburgers (is that the right word?) appreciate how fortunate you are to have this garden in the heart of the city.
5	When the day is nice and warm, nothing beats this place with an ice cream.
5	Princes Street Gardens is a stunning oasis in the middle of the city. It has absolutely everything you look for in a city centre park... lawn, trees, shrubs, flowers, I'm pretty sure there's a rhododendron but then again I am botanically challenged. Also, squirrels, lots  and lots and lots of squirrels, more squirrels than you could safely fit on a skewer, then again, barbecuing isn't allowed anyway. The gardens are free to visit and split in two by a ruddy big gallery in the middle, so, if it's raining you can get some culture
5	Lovely gardens with an even lovelier view of the city.  What could be better - nature meets architecture.  Definitely a place to go if you are in the area.  Evening, morning - ANYTIME!
4	Beautiful garden's with crazy amazing views of Edinburgh.  There is a gorgeous fountain towards the end where you can get a great shot of Edinburgh castle in the background.  When I was there it was all decked out for the Olympics.  A nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle on the streets of Edinburgh.
3	went to specifically find Ross Fountain. Would to have liked to have seen it with water (I mean, what's the point of a fountain with no water). But, we did get some great photos from there of Edinburgh Castle.
5	Breathtaking.  These gardens are FREE and absolutely beautiful.  It divides both old and new town and is a great way to get in between the two.
5	How can you rate this less than five stars I don't know. These inner city gardens are a blessing for Edinburgh. Summertime is just not the same without a stroll. Clean, spacious and massive views to be had from every angle! Picnicking is a must. The music area bit is great as they have loads of concerts and events going on. Wintertime you get the iceskating rink. Lots of landscaping to be enjoyed too. You visit Edinburgh you need to go here.
4	These Gardens are what save Princes Street itself from being a commercial, mess of a street since the Trams came along; and give it a beautiful, green, peaceful yet busy aspect that make it feel like it isn't the central, main street of a capital City.The Gardens run the full length of Princes Street, from Waverley Station and the Scots' Monument, to the church at the corner of Lothian Road and the West End. They are on a hill too, so manage to fit in more lounging grass space, without taking up more metres. So they're quite narrow, but long, but also fit a lot in.There's an auditorium space, which I think would be wonderful to stage some old Shakespeare plays on, and which is used a lot in the Festival. There are wonderful monumnents (the big fountain at the West End area) that make beautiful photo opportunities. There are quiet stretches of grass for making daisy chains. There are beautiful flower beds. There is even a wee house half-way down that I am convicned is Bilbo Baggin's cousin's hobbit house.They have a wonderful charm, they are beautifully maintained, and they pretty much balance out any negative aspects that the never-ending, messy tram works have brought to Princes Street. Walking down Princes Street can be stressful despite the wide pavements, with lots of tourists. So I often walk back along Princes Street Gardens with an iced coffee or snack in hand, and in the Spring it's especially beautiful to sit and take the ambiance of Edinburgh in: admiring the Castle, hearing the trains go by, and sitting perfectly betwixt and between the Old Town and New Town.
4	Is there any way you can not love Princes Street Gardens? One of the best places for people watching in the world, these beautiful floral gardens are one of Edinburgh's most famous features. Dotted with probably close to 200 benches, it's a great meeting place for it's location and when it's sunny, can be a great place to lie on the grass and enjoy some rays.The Gardens are also home to a fantastic fair at Christmastime, that has half the gardens jam packed with stalls selling cotton candy to authentic polish fast food, a plethora of rides from the ferris wheel to the swings that I'm always absolutely terrified are going to throw me off, and more tourists flocking to it than probably anywhere else in the city. It's so beautiful and Colin and I love coming through every year to go.
4	Has amazing views...Is great in any season...Staple of Edina.
5	The Princes Street Gardens were really pretty on a nice, sunny day. It looks like a great place to take children, dogs, or a picnic basket. The Scott Monument is right there too, which has impressive architecture. You can get a great view of Edinburgh Castle from the gardens as well. There's even a castle-themed playground, but I think I was too big for the slides. I caught the distinct scent of pot smoke several times while walking through, but I'm not judging.
5	Princes Street Gardens is so worthy of a five star rating. There always seems to be a free bench, the view of the castle is magnificent and the instant wave of calm as you enter it's foliage-y bliss after a stroll along busy Princes Street is unbeatable.
5	On a nice day, it's the ideal place to just sit and people watch.On a rainier day, it's still a nice place to people watch.The Princes Street Gardens are lovely to stroll through and I think the key word here is stroll THROUGH. People are always cutting through it to go somewhere else. But it sure makes for lovely scenery!
5	Call me crazy, but I'd like to visit Edinburgh in the fog and drizzle someday. I don't know how I got so lucky to have tropical weather on my first visit to Scotland, but this was where I received my only sunburn of the season thus far (it actually happened at the Castle, which is pretty exposed at the top). But I didn't care about the heat, and neither did any of the pale-skinned and -haired ancestral cousins that surrounded me at Princes Street Gardens. The place is so gorgeous, and as it happened, there were so many shady spots on benches and the lawn, one could be protected. This was our picnic spot a couple times, and a place of rest during so many miles of walking.This is a great centerpiece for a day's visit to Edinburgh. There are gardens of many varieties, statuary and memorials, and excellent nature. The trees are decorative. The grass is so small and fine compared to the giant blades in the US. The views are stunning. Right nearby you have the Walter Scott Momument, and the nearby road to the Edinburgh Castle, plus chapels, museums,  and other formidable buildings. Princes Street is obviously nearby, so shopping and eateries are a-plenty. There's an M&S grocery very nearby, ideal for a picnic. There's even a ferris wheel.The people watching was good. A couple guys practicing their tightrope juggling were shooed off by the park workers, in consideration of the trees. There were young families, newborn babies lying on the lawns, elderly couples arm-in-arm, purple - haired teens, military, and many foreign languages heard. It reminded me of a smaller Lincoln Park or Central Park.
5	A wonderful green space in the centre of this big Scottish city. We had a wonderful sunny afternoon and took a stroll through these gardens. The floral clock is really nice and has a display every half hour (I think!), it makes for a really nice walk through the city and the green of the grass is perfect. I hear it used to be the dumping ground for sewerage in the 14th - 18th century! (No wonder the grass is so green!) It's a beautiful spot to check out in Edinburgh, a bit of a hidden gem!
