3	I am listing this place because its the best place in town for the season at hand. They have the best Christmas trees in town. I have searched high and low; this is the best, albeit probably the most expensive tree in town, but its totally worth it if you're looking for a fresh cut tree. If you're looking for other plants and shrubs, this place isn't my favorite and would suggest that you look around - but for seasonal decorating - this is the spot!Happy Holidays.
1	I went there this weekend to compare quality and price to moon valley nursery-I am not impressed at all first off they said they wouldn't price match second of all there trees were at best sub par-so i went to moon valley nursery in avondale and got a ton of trees for the price of just a couple of trees at Whitfill trees plus the Whitfill nursery warranty isn't good. I would definitely recommend going to Moon Valley if you need trees
2	There is a really large selection of different plants and trees. Half of them aren't labeled or priced. So unless you know exactly what you're looking for you may need to grab a worker... if you can find one. Aside from the cashier the only worker I saw was in the parking lot. I enjoyed walking around and looking at the wide variety of plants but I couldn't help but notice that every nook and cranny was stuffed with random crap. Every turn had revealed more gardening tools and materials, it looked junkie. I went to Whitfill for flowers which I usually buy at Home Depot but I wanted nursery quality, if there is such a thing. The same flowers were 4 times the price than Home Depot. I decided I wasn't willing to pay nursery prices and left empty handed.
4	Anyone who knows me, knows that I'm not much of an outdoors kinda guy. When I was young and the kids were chasing frogs by the Mississippi River, I was inside playing office, sorting paper clips and writing pretend memos for my siblings. "Please reseal the Cap'n Crunch box or you will be fired". Yea. I was a real go getter. But if I had to spend a lot of time outdoors I would want to do it at Whitfill Nursery. This place is MASSIVE...with everything you could imagine a nursery would carry. Except babies. That's a different kind of nursery. They have a large selection of pots, garden decorations, benches and yes, even coasters. And who doesn't love a good coaster? The cashier who helped us and walked us over to the Jacaranda tree was extremely helpful, friendly and professional. OK. He was really cute too. Rickie's uncle wanted to buy this tree and take it to San Antonio. But Texas was not the right climate and he steered us towards the Desert Museum trees...beautiful with a green trunk and yellow flowers. The ones they had were too big, he called their other store at 26th St. and Southern and they had the right size. Helpful and cute. Win. Win. The nursery has obviously lots of shaded areas, duh, with sitting areas scattered throughout. A"gift store" with a Coke machine...hey looking at plants and cute plant guys makes me very thirsty. So if I ever decide to expand my backyard living from a balcony to a space with dirt and grass, I'll head to Whitfill Nursery. For now I'm happy living in my concrete jungle with no plants to water. That's all for now. Time to sort paper clips and unjam the stapler.
5	We had a great experience picking out our two new trees. It turns out the owner himself helped us, answered all of our questions, never made us feel rushed, and we couldn't be more pleased with our experience!The feeling continued when the trees were planted; we weren't going to be home so we unlocked the side gate and put down the flags. The planting looks excellent, and they even moved the lawn/leaf bags which were next to the house (we thought they were enough out of the way - oops!) so now the side of the house looks as good as the back!This was our second time buying from them - I would go back and also highly recommend them.
4	Admittedly I'm pretty clueless about gardening and plants (where I grew up was more known for chopping down the trees and building subdivisions with streets named after the chopped down trees), so this place could be crap. But the selection here was massive and I was pretty impressed. One of the owners even helped me find a host gift for friends I was staying with and gave me care instructions. Probably a bit pricier than the box stores, but I feel a bit better dropping $20 here than at a Home Depot or Lowe's.
5	So, I usually come here with my girlfriend, as she has the green thumb.  It's a very tranquil place to come and walk around, they have a large selection of trees (large and small), small plants, pots, flowers, food plants, gardening equipment, seeds, etc. The staff has always been super helpful and they also have gift certificates available.
3	Loved to go and laze around (until the allergies overwhelm), just looking at the large selection of trees and indoor vegetation..  Had them plant a boxed Palo Verde last March, which is going strong. Can't tell if things are declining or  if people are just constantly dropping the ball, this year.  Got a great price on three trees, a couple weeks ago, but were a little peeved they never mentioned planting wasn't  included in delivery.  Instead, we found out when they plopped the pots down in our backyard and left.  We had a fine time digging holes all weekend, but it would have been finer had we known it was coming.Considered never going back after the neglectful treatment the other day, in which some old shrew w/ no customer service skills refused to hang up her personal phone call and put through our transaction w/o so much as two words to me.  Totally inappropriate and rude.
1	WARNING do not go here!!!! I bought $150.00 dollars of plants here about 2 weeks ago and one of the plants had a pod on it that I didn't see and it opened and now the plant is infested with bugs. I put this plant and some pansies i bought there in my atrium where I have no other plants and now I have bugs everywhere. When I called the nursery and told them what happened they said oh well! All the other nurseries guarantee their plants this place sells you diseased plants on purpose knowing you will be stuck with them. I used to go there all the time, I will never go back!!!!! Beware!!!!!
5	After a horrific experience with Moonvalley nursery my husband and I went into Whitfill for a large landscaping package(trees, shrubs, flowers) for our front and back yard. The salesman was very helpful. He came to our house that morning, walked around the yard with us and made recommendations. They actually did the install a day earlier than scheduled. The plants they delivered were as promised. All the correct sizes and in lovely condition. They have very competitive prices. After a couple of weeks everything they've planted is thriving and looking absolutely lovely. I highly recommend this nursery. Their staff is ethical, they care about the long term health and fit for the plants you are getting and not just the sale. This was one of the best customer service experiences I have ever had in Phoenix.
5	I absolutely love this nursery!I am very new to gardening, and know next to nothing about it.  So, after starting our first garden my husband and I ran into a few problems. We went to whifill because it is close, and berated the friendly gentlemen working there with all of our questions.Whats this? What are there holes in our herbs? how can I get rid of the weeds? and so on.  He answered all of our questions, offered solutions, and made suggestions.  We walked away with some very effective weed killer and now I know what all of the random things growing in my yard are!  Prices were fair, staff was excellent, I'm certain I will be back.
2	Whitfill lacks customer service!  I've been there twice, never have been greeted or asked if I needed help. I walked around for 45 minutes looking for an Arizona Rosewood. Finally asked a  worker who was arranging plants - he didn't know.Sure they have a lot of stuff and attractively presented in front, but don't expect any service. Home Depot does it a lot better.
3	I've been coming here on and off for the past year or so, and I really do like this nursery. I swung in today to see what kind of stuff they had going on plant wise, and I forgot how huge this place was!  The front part is a lot of the smaller plants, annuals and perennials, hanging baskets, herbs, and general household plants.  They also have a really cool greenhouse with all indoor plants with a very large selection to choose from!  The farther back you go, the bigger the plants and bushes are, and they have all kinds and sizes to choose from.  Tremendous selection of just about any tree, plant or bush you could imagine!I talked to the girls at the front to see if they had any sales going on, and she said no. I checked out their plants, but I didn't see anything that caught my eye today.  As I walked around, I noticed what an awesome selection they had.  Service here is really good, but they don't have any kind of rewards programs either.  I mean, that doesn't mean I won't shop here, but in regards to competition, its something to think about if you spend a lot on plants and flowers.Staff here is really friendly and knowledgeable, easy in and out, great location.  I admit, I've gone here a few times in the past during what I thought were normal business hours (Sunday afternoons?) and sometimes they've been open and sometimes they've been closed.  (and I mean between the hours of like 1 and 3 PM.)  Overall, a great nursery, with a humungous product line!
4	Pleasant.  We didn't plan on coming here--we just saw it from the road and decided to visit.  I have been seeing their ads in my mailbox for some time and wanted to see what it was all about.Huge place.  Service was attentive.  Lots and lots of plants (flowers, veggies, cacti, palms, decorative, etc,) soil, chemicals, and accessories for your garden.  We didn't buy anything, but it was nice to look around.  If my wife were wearing better shoes, we would have stayed longer.Problems?  Well, the prices seemed a bit high in comparison to the big box hardware stores, but if the quality is better, who cares?  I didn't like the fact that many of the plants were unmarked except for a price, so you didn't even know what you were looking at for quite a number of the items.  That bugged me a bit.  Maybe they don't have the time to label everything and the merchandise goes out quickly, especially during the Spring.  However, it would be nice to know what such and such plant is without asking for assistance.Four stars for now.  I'll tell you more when I know more.
3	PRICEY! thats all! :-) Staff is very friendly but holy shit are they expensive!
1	I went in to Whitfield last week (May 11, 2013) looking for plants for my yard.  No one greeted me so I had to track down someone for help.  I found a woman watering and asked her for help.  She asked this other employee to help me.  He agreed since he just ended a call helping a customer.  He asked the woman watering if they had any Zucchini plants she said she did not know she would have to go check.  He said that was not necessary because he simply told the customer they did indeed have them.  I thought to myself that would really make me angry if I drove all the way there for something they said they had come to find out after arriving they did not have it.  The employee took me to look at a plant I was asking about and while he was in the middle of explaining about the plant, his phone rang and he proceeded to answer a personal call only to yell at the other person on the phone about being responsible and being locked out of the house etc...He said he could not talk, said he was at work and hung up on the caller.  I thought to myself, wow how rude.  He then made another call to another person saying they needed to communicate and that they had to go back home to let the other person back in the home.I simply just walked out at that point.   I don't purchase items from any retail establishment that does not display good customer service.
2	: I really wish there were a nursery that could compete w/ their tree selection.  It became apparent after they planted our three fruit trees a few months ago that they'd injured the apple tree w/ a giant pole they drove through the roots (to keep the trunk straight, they said, unlike the apple tree we'd purchased there the previous year and planted ourselves.  Irony?  We'd chosen that apple, and it was curved when we bought it.  Furthermore, they were only supposed to plant the other two trees.  If we'd have planted the new apple, as planned, it wouldn't be struggling to survive, right now).More than anything, the experience reminds me to be assertive and complain about terrible service, and to look elsewhere before buying any more trees from these people.(Edit:  Apple tree died.)
5	Good prices and friendly, knowledgable staff. I've been popping in here for years and recently been buying trees. Really happy with the service and quality. Best local / central phx nursery :)
5	Since moving to the valley we have been frequenting Whitfill Nursery for fixing up the house we bought.  They are always very friendly and helpful when I ask questions about the plants.  We have purchased an orange tree, grapefruit tree, 12 bougainvilleas, 2 jasmine plants, 4 rose bushes, and many small flower plants.  All of them are doing well thanks to their help with watering suggestions.   Oh they have a very nice selection of large planters, we love the glazed ones! Thank you!  PS everyone can appreciate a place that has peacocks walking around, super cool!
2	Good selection, usually helpful people working out in the plants, but customer service falls apart when you get to the counter--very slow. Bought a 15G tree last time, paid for planting, which was all fine initially. However, the tree lost nearly all its leaves within a couple weeks. We called them and they told us not to be concerned. Well, we waited for the tree to recover but it ultimately died; so called them back (now a few months later). They scheduled someone to come out to "check it", but they were a no-show for the scheduled appointment. Called again, and the run-around started. NOW they needed an invoice number (provided) and were supposed to call back. No call back. Called again to check; no call back. Called to complain--no call back. We've just given up, on getting this tree replaced, as well as ever going back to Whitfill. Buyer beware.
4	Best Christmas tree selection and the guys helping are so helpful and nice. They give a fresh cut and assist to the vehicle. Janis, the owner is really sweet and supports the community charities. Thanks!
5	Very happy with ease of Christmas tree shopping. Beautiful backdrop. Cookies, lights, hot cocoa, cider. A nice fire with seats and blankets. Ecstatic that we decided to turn in and buy our first tree here!!!
3	This is an update to my previous review. Whitfill saw the review and contacted me via Yelp to see what they could do to make us happy. Without too much more trouble, Whitfill sent a gift certificate for the cost of the tree and its planting,along with a nice note apologizing for the previous oversight. We'll see how it goes next time now!
5	This is a Magical Nursery! Most employees were friendly and what a beautiful place to go! Love the chickens, peacocks  and goats!
4	Great selection, very helpful staff, nice wide aisles with plentiful carts. Highly recommend.
5	Helpful people, good prices, HEALTHY plants and as they say, they still do the digging. I'm convinced Home Depot and Lowe's get the leftovers, old, nearly dead, root bound plants which they sell at high prices. I got tired of that and stopped at Whitfill. It's enormous and they know what works here in the desert and what doesn't. They made great suggestions and then had my properly marked and brought everything out and "installed" the plants beautifully. They did a great job - better than I would have done.
4	We have used Whitfill Nursery For years.  They have quite a nice selection of desert plants and drought tolerant ones. The trees they have our beautiful and grow well. When it comes to the garden section, when its in season is very good. What I buy there produces and does well, unlike many box stores. They have a good selection of exotic plants as well. Which for the more the unusual the better. They have always had helpful service, though you usually have to hunt someone down or walk up to the cashiers desk and ask, then you have all the help you need. I will always use them, They are local and I love the idea that they keep the community in mind and its needs, instead of competing with others.  Please keep it this way.
4	Whitfill is a beautiful nursery. In addition to the huge variety of plants they also carry pots and garden decorations. They have some really cool birds that hang out and chew on wood. Sometimes I go just to walk around and enjoy the peaceful environment they have created. They also have a gift shop and a coke machine.The employees are always friendly and helpful and they make up for the high prices. Either way I would still rather buy from Whitfill that WalMart or Home Depot.
3	This was our first (and last) visit to Whitfill. For this visit we were working on our front yard. Small project, but we wanted to test the waters of several nurseries before we tackle our beast of a back yard.This review is somewhere between a 2 and a 3 star. I'm giving them a 3 because 85% of the items we purchased are still alive (we didn't have Whitfill plant them for us because they were flowers and (to us) it seems silly to have a nursery plant flowers). However, despite the high prices that we ended up paying for these items, they do not cover any plants that they don't plant themselves, so I guess we just wasted that money.  They have a lot of plants and trees. I would have liked to have seen a wider variety of FLOWERS because I was working with a particular color scheme.  I believe we were only there for about 5 minutes before we were accosted by the owners and some sales people. We let them know several times that we were just wanting to look around first (there is a lot to see there and we really didn't need a chaperone), but once they started talking we were unable to escape them. Somehow we went in looking for a couple of trees and 3 bushes and ended up ordering 3 trees, 5 bushes, a couple of torchglow bougainvillea, and 6 or 7 flowers (that we really weren't all that enthused with, but after being there for hours, neither of us was really in the mood to go visit another nursery) and some other odds and ends for them to deliver to us at a later date. One of the bushier palms that we picked out (the one that we were really excited to put in the new flowerbed) didn't get delivered and they said we never ordered it. It was the first one that we picked out and distinctly remember him putting the red piece of tape on it for us. The purple leaf plum tree showed up looking a bit smaller that we expected, but it was ok. The leaves looked a little battered, but it's been in the ground for about 2 weeks now and we are just hoping she makes it, since we planted it ourselves and it isn't covered by any warranty. Sorry Whitfill, there are too many nurseries that go above and beyond with their post-delivery services. Are they terrible? No. But we have a much larger project that we are working on for the backyard, and as a landscaping partner, you guys came up short.
5	This nursery is by far the best place for seasonal flowers and plants. The Christmas selection is always amazing. I come here every year for my seasonal flowers, I was there today and they are just getting ready to put them out.I did buy 4 beautiful blue and white Talavera pots.I will be back for my Christmas tree...
3	I want to like Whitfill. I really do. I'm currently waiting on a second late/no-show delivery, and I just got off the phone with the manager, who was apologetic.I am a Baker Nursery refugee, and after they closed, I decided to try Whitfill, as there are limited, non-big box options in central Phoenix. I had previously shopped Whitfill for some fruit trees last year, and when I signed up for a consultation with them to survey my backyard, the gentleman never showed up (twice). I'm disappointed that they aren't coming through again.Their selection is superior, their in-store customer service is very good. Their prices are pretty fair, although the delivery charge is egregious considering their poor show-up rate for it. I worked with associate Matthew, who was very helpful and educational. But, the follow-through for delivery is sub-par, and it makes them look unprofessional.I have a lot of work to do in my central Phoenix backyard, and will need to reconsider working with them, especially if I were to choose the delivery option.
1	This review is specifically for their (supposed) landscape planning service.  Whitfill claims to do free landscape planning, but apparently not! The owner, Bryan, came to our house, a new build, in early September to look at the backyard and discuss what we'd like to do with the expanse of dirt.  Per his request, I sent him a plot plan (mid-September).  I followed up weekly with phone calls, in which he kept saying that he was out of town and would do the plan as soon as he got back, or he was just about to start the plan.  It became pretty clear he had no intention of doing a plan, even after I pointed out that we couldn't start buying plants until we knew what we were doing.  But I kept calling every week just to see if he'd ever admit that he wasn't going to do the plan.  Two months later:  no plan.  Buh bye, Whitfill.  Or should I say WhitFAIL?
3	They offer a wide selection of plants and trees as well as yard to decor. We tend to come here during the holidays. They have a really good selection of trees although their prices can be a little on the expensive side.  We buy our holiday wreath from here because they offer different sizes and are very full.
