4	Being a guy, haircuts are pretty basic.  Keep it even and don't make me look like a dork.  Great Clips does a good job of a decent haircut at a decent price.  Plus my stylist was a super-hot Asian chick.  Finally something for me to look at while getting a haircut.  The only drawback is the parking lot.  Not so big and no traffic light at the intersection.  I have to go the opposite direction then u-turn to get back home.  A small price to pay to see super-hot Asian chick again.
4	In desperate need for a trim and not in my "comfort zone" after moving to the other side of town, I searched for nearby places to get a decent haircut/trim.  I was on my way to get food as well, and lo and behold I find this location -- a small hole in the wall in a shopping center.  I walked by it and saw how busy it was; I was immediately turned off by the long wait, so I returned home.  You would think that would make me not want to go back, but then I looked at their website, and you can actually CHECK-IN online!  They even tell you how long the approximate wait time is.  After gobbling down my food and checking in, I headed back to the store.  I went straight to the counter and told them I checked in online and they took me right away! Awesome!I also got a funny lady (who had been cutting hair for almost 20 years) do my hair. She said that the location was only a couple of months old and that they were usually busy.  She had a thick European accent but was super-sweet and chatty.Anyway, I got a shampoo and some layers, all for about $18.  Only negative was that I asked for a blow-dry as well but she said they only did cuts.  So, if you don't live closeby and you get your long hair shampooed, expect to walk out looking like a wet dog like I did. lol ;)All in all, a good experience.  They even gave me a $5 off coupon since their air condition was busted.Nice location, good service, good haircut at a decent price.  I'll be back there for my next trim. =)
1	Went in there this morning. The lady spent barely 10 minutes on my hair...it was a disaster. I asked for a low faded and she shaved the whole side of my head with a 1. I don't care if it was a 13 haircut, I ended spending another 23 bucks getting it fixed at the barbershop/salon on the other side of the shopping center. (I should've went there first, but didn't know about it). But if you want a real haircut...don't go here. Paid $13 for an embarrassing haircut.
