5	I've only been for breakfast.  Great food, good service and relaxing atmosphere.
1	Stopped for breakfast. Food is average. No fruit or garnishes just plain eggs, bacon & toast. Service good.  Place needs a good cleaning especially the doors, handles and tons of artificial plants and flowers.
5	Drove past this place for yrs and someone told me it was good SO gotta check it out.Good selections great service..Food was hot, tasty, and plentiful. Had the 3 meat skillet with 1/2 bis. gravy...everything was clean and dust free even the bathroom. Told the owner would be back and also invited him to my cafe for a meal sometime..Love to support Local business's. Stop in for sure get a good meal
3	this is another mesa no frills spot but the eggs bene was good wife liked the french toast service was perky good spot close to the the pad
4	cute little place.  Good food.  Service wasn't fast, but they are friendly.  We defiantly be back.  Thanks to our friends Hank and Shanny who Yelped about this place, it's why we came.
3	Nothing gourmet here , just classic breakfast & lunch fare, but prices are reasonable , service is friendly and food is much better than you will get next door at Village Inn, well worth a try
4	This is such a sweet little place. It is so much better than the unfathomably popular Iowa Cafe. Cozy Corner is not fancy, but it's got a  fab tuna melt, nice breakfasts, and a friendly staff. Sometimes your server may get a little scarce, but once you catch her, she's great.The only complaint I have is that I wish they had longer hours, but then that isn't really an insult, is it? :)
4	Service is very fast and friendly. Price is on the average slightly high side but at least here you get what you pay for. Very yummy food.
5	Went for breakfast on a suggestion from a family member.  The restaurant itself is very cozy and casual feeling, the perfect atmosphere for breakfast.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I had the country fried steak.  Very delicious with a good portion.  Best thing was the prices for me. $7-8 for most of their stuff.... Very good deal!
5	Our favorite breakfast place in Mesa!  Friendly service, great food, cozy atmosphere and close to home!
3	Typical mom and pops type breakfast fare. I cant say that my experience was bad, but it wasn't the best. The food was mildly mediocre at best, however the breakfast burrito that my wife ate looked damn good. Maybe on a whim I'll return, but am not making it a must to venue.
5	Had the Sausage Quasadilla (sp?) it was very delicious. Don't let my spelling discourage you from trying it.
4	Consistently great breakfast each time we've eaten here.  My parents went based on our recommendation and they regularly eat here when in town.
3	Just like mom's cooking.
5	Great spot for breakfast. Family owned & operated. Pecan waffle is AMAZING!!!!!
4	This place is great for breakfast or lunch! They have huge portions for the price and so many options. My boyfriend said it's probably the best chicken fried steak we have found yet. Beware of the giant biscuits and gravy meal- a half order is enough. Decor makes you feel liek your at grandma's house and service is always superb!
5	My family and I have been here several times and every experience we've had here has been great! My four year old LOVES their French toast so much that she refuses to try anything else! Their pecan waffles and pancakes are fantastic and their eggs are always cooked perfectly. The waitresses already recognize us and are always friendly and welcoming. We've met the owner, as well, and he's just as nice, eager to get to know you and making sure that everything was tasty. This is hands down the best breakfast/lunch spot in the East Valley!
1	Nice wait staff. Terrible food.
5	My husband and I tried the Cozy Corner Cafe for the first time on Saturday and it was so busy! When we got there, we were about 6th in line to be seated. It took less than 3 minutes! Super impressive. The service was wonderful. We ordered quickly and the food came out super hot which was great. The food was delicious and kept me full the rest of the day. We will definitely be back!
4	Cozy indeed--friendly service and a good hot breakfast on sat am. I had pancakes and eggs and my husband enjoyed his hashbrowns. Omelette had lots of meat, which he loved! Good vibe here for sure.
5	Still one my favorite breakfast places in the east valley. Finally got some friends to stop settling for the chain breakfast places & try Cozy Corner. Needless to say, no more chain places for them. I go here about 4x month with friends and/or clients. Great service, consistently good, simple breakfast at a very good price. Biscuits & gravy are comfort food done right - fluffy biscuit & creamy sausage gravy. Pecan waffle is a must try!!!
4	Very good service. Breakfast was excellent. Biscuits and Gravy are my breakfast devining rod and the ones I got here were very peppery and generously laced with sausage. The biscuits were light and flakey. My Brother Bob got the skillet with Chorizo and enjoyed it. Said the chorizo had a bit of a kick to it. Menu says it's homemade. Definitely be back.
4	The food here is good down home cooking and the service here is normally good and efficient I have to kick this place up a star the food is pretty dang good eggs bene although I order two eggs poached which come out perfect every time a slice of ham English muffin and a side of holandase sauce and make my own bene pancakes waffles all good as well
4	This was a very good breakfast place. I went on a sunday morning for breakfast/brunch and it was quite delectable. We spoke with the owner and he was incredibly nice and told us all about the business and we seemed to become friends even though it was the first time we had ever met. Very personable personality, helps to have somone like that behind the drivers seat of a business like that. The food itself was good, and they had ood juices as well. The southwestern breakfast burrito is what I ordered and it was scrumptuous, and I also had a side of corned beef hash, and a bowl of fresh fruit. The fruit was good (although it clearly had preservatives), the burrito was also very tasty. The corned beef hash was not my favorite but one of my friends liked it so they had that. Overall quality breakfast/brunch experience. Very good food, quality service, and a very friendly staff! I do recommend this if you are in search of some good breakfast foods!
5	My husband and I tried Cozy Corner on one of the few nights they were opened for dinner. It was Saturday night. Prime rib night. After trying another local home cooking restaurant in the area, we were cautious about this one. First, if you have vintage paintings, signs, and great ambiance, that automatically gives you an automatic two stars, because of great decorating taste. Of course, I started getting new ideas for my own house by visiting here.I ordered the spaghetti. The sauce was meaty and delicious.  You wouldn't think something as simple as spaghetti would be a tell about a restaurant, but there is a difference between sauce and pasta that has flavor, as opposed to something  thrown together from a  jar. The spaghetti here was already a good sign. Then, there was the prime rib. My husband liked it. Enough that we are willing come back again, in the future. Sweet atmosphere, good food, cozy homecooked restaurant.   Skip the Village Inn that's in the same parking lot and visit the Cozy Corner Cafe, instead.
4	After leaving the Iowa cafe we came over to the cozy corner cafe.  We were seated immediately and our drink orders taken.  We both ordered omelets which were served promptly.   Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	The wife and I have been to CCC three times, and each time it has been friendly, clean and efficient. The food is always of good quality and I've enjoyed each item we've had. I'm not a big breakfast guy, die to the fact I know I can make it at home far cheaper and just as good as most places, but will gladly patronize CCC on occasion! Definitely recommend!!!
5	My husband and I were in the area and checked out local breakfast places on Yelp! They had good reviews so we decided to check it out. The place is tucked away in one of those shopping centers, but is very cute and welcoming! The food was great and the coffee was hot! The servers were friendly and kept my coffee cup full! We aren't in this area often, but we will be back! :)
4	I've eaten here a number of times and like that the menu has lots of food options.  Staff is always friendly and you can tell they're like family (and in fact, some of them ARE family).  My favorite is the breakfast burrito.  Love, love, love.  This place is also popular with the older crowd, so be prepared for a wait if you go on a Saturday or Sunday morning in the winter.
3	Came here for Father's Day because Waffle House was too crowded. It was about a 15 minute wait and my party if three was seated. The ambiance was quite bizarre, but I expected nothing less from a Midwest themed restaurant. The waiter was nice and got our order quickly. The drinks were the first downside. I got orange juice (small) which was a cup about 5in tall with some generic orange juice, there was no refill and it cost $2. My dad's coffee was also not complimentary. We ordered the three meat omelette, pecan pancakes, and I had a country skillet. The omelette was good but not really big even though my dad ordered the full size and he ended up eating part of my food. My moms pecan pancake was mediocre. The reason why I am giving this 3 stars however is because my country skillet was really good. The potatoes and country fries steak were cooked perfectly. However, the biscuits and gravy, while being a nice addition to my meal, wouldn't be as tasty alone. It was very filling and worth the price ($10ish). Overall, service was lousy and we had constantly empty cups. It also costed pretty high. I mean, $30 for mediocre food? The talking stick resort breakfast charges that much for breakfast and they have free drinks, and salmon for breakfast! (Sorry, going on a tangent). We may return because we like small local business', but I think we will order smarter. I definitely recommend the country skillet, and next time I would probably get the country fried steak.
3	Cute little cafe! Very whimsical decor. Server was friendly and attentive, food was good and coffee was great. Would love to try more items from their menu.
5	Excellent food, service and atmosphere.The Swedish pancakes are good.They have a lot of repeat business.They sing happy birthday.Come over and check it out.Have a good day.
3	Old people central! My boyfriend found this place on Yelp so we decided to give it a try. The service wasn't bad. A lot of the people eating there were clearly regulars.The whole ambiance was clearly catering to the elderly. Which is fine! But as a couple in our early twenties, we felt a little out of place. My boyfriend got steak and eggs and he was not too wowed by them, but seemed to think they were fine. One thing I liked was that they had an option for a mini omelette. Perfect for if you are not totally starving. It was not too bad.I felt too young for this place, but it was a nice little restaurant, I liked seeing the staff interact with the regulars. Also liked the little candies they had out to take before you leave. Exciting when it is something other than a mint haha.
2	Food was ok. Service was not. The lady who brought out our food was awesome, but all the other staff we encountered from the host, to the waitresses, cashier...unfriendly. As other reviewers said, this place is packed with regulars. My sister and I came on a busy Sunday morning after finding Cozy Corner on Yelp, and even after informing the host that we had never been there before, she just shrugged us off and gave us a menu. Talk about first impression. The two waitresses who took our orders seemed equally annoyed when we asked questions about the menu. I really wanted to like this place since it's so close and the food was fine, but the service was such a bummer that we won't be returning.
2	Food was 'Okay' (Husband & I each had a salad & shared a cup of clam chowder , taste like canned soup)I was a little thrown off by the "Uniforms" the wait staff wore... The Tshirts are fine but the Denim SHORT shorts?! YIKES!!Completely inappropriate for a family cafe.When it came time to pay the bill, waitress ignored us and started up a conversation with the person behind us in line.As we were leaving I said "Thanks have a good day" & got no response back.Can't see us every going back & can't recommend...
5	We went here for breakfast this morning with friends and the food wss excellent.   The staff and owner Troyce were very friendly.   This is a must go to place.  Mostly booths with a few tables so if you have a large group call ahead to get a table.  Pleade go and enjoy.
4	Can u tell I like this place they do a GREAT breakfast have excellent service ! My eggs always come out perfect poached medium and the food is always hot
5	A terrific breakfast-lunch restaurant with excellent food, service, and hospitality. It is no wonder there is always a line out the door when we go.  Give them a try, you won't regret it one bit.
5	3rd visit to this restaurant,  kind of a MA & PA setup with lots of Artsy things on the walls to look at.  Service is really friendly an fast.  Today I had Egg Benedict  it was wonderful.
5	Love coming here for breakfast. The country fried steak skillet is so good. Fun atmosphere & great service.
4	A great breakfast spot.  The service was prompt and food was very good.  The French Toast was a particular favorite with the kids.
5	We live just around the corner from 'Cozy Corner' and we love it!  The service is great and the food is even better!  Took my friends there for breakfast and they loved it!  The food is very fresh, cooked perfectly and served quickly.  We haven't tried their lunch but we will soon.  Keep up the good work!
