5	As a business person it's important to look good, and when you look good you feel good. Christine is a master at making you look and feel good. It's not that often you come across someone who actually takes the time to listen and understand what your desires are. I would recommend The Barber Shoppe without hesitation to anyone.
5	I have been going to Chris for my haircuts and her fabulous mani/pedi service.  Chris does an exceptional job cutting because she does listen and understand what the client wants.  Going once a month for a pedi, my feet are in the best shape they ever have been in.  She uses terrific products and doesn't cut the hell out of the cuticles!  She's also a joy to be around.  The prices are right and you couldn't put yourself in better hands.
5	What a find! Barber shop for the men and a mini spa for the ladies. Bob is out front dealing with the boys, and Chris co owner, is in back with the ladies.  I can honestly say, this is the best shampoo in the valley. Magic fingers!! Unlike, big, busy, loud salons, when you are in the chair you feel like you are the only customer that matters, and Chris divides all her time to you.  She also teaches styling, so to say she knows her stuff is an understatement.  I have natural curly hair , not the easiest to cut, but Chris makes it look easy. Pedicures, coloring, are also available. So make a date, as in double date and relax and get pampered !
5	I have lived in Fountain Hills for over 20 plus years and I absolutely love the Barber Shoppe!!!!  Bob is a superb barber and has pleased even the most picky of customers; my husband.  He has always done his own hair (even in the Marines) because he didn't think anyone could get it to his liking.  Bob proved him wrong!!!  I get my hair cut, colored and styled by Chris, who is a master with colors and cut!  Plus, she gives the most amazing pedicures and manicures.  Always precise and intensely focused on getting the cut, color and polish just perfect!  I recommend this place to everyone!
5	Love the Barber Shoppe!  We moved to Fountain Hills about a year ago and Chris was referred to me by a friend....What a find!  I get my hair cut, colored and highlighted and each time she does an amazing job....She actually takes the time to study my hair.... and will then ask if  I want to make any changes and actually suggest different things too.   She also gives amazing pedicures.  My husband goes to Bob and always pleased with his cut too.  I'm always receiving compliments on my hair!  I highly recommend both Bob and Chris!
5	I absolutely recommend this shop to all. My wife and I have used their services (hair, pedicures, products) for several years, and have never been disappointed. You won't find better product and services in Fountain Hills. (I've lived here for over a decade, so I know of what I speak about). The shop has an interesting collection of antiquities relative to hair care and barbering, which is enjoyable to peruse! Atmosphere is peaceful and CLEAN. Individual customer focus seems to be the goal here, not mass production.As a customer, I've observed more than once in my visits that walk-in customers are surprised (and disappointed)  to find that both Bob and Chris are "booked solid". But of course, they will accommodate walk-in's if they can. Bottom line:  If you make a reservation, no waiting. Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.If dependable satisfaction on personal services is your goal, Chris and Bob at The Barber Shoppe get our 5***** vote. (We think their shop business volume and repeat customers speak to their success in service and satisfaction).
