3	There are four things that set this McDonald's apart from most others.Most will notice that you generally have a more difficult time getting to this location than most others.  This is for two reasons.  One is that the parking lot of the shopping center (Windsor Square) has to be one of the worst in the QC.  Two is the location within that lot.  It just does not have easy access.  If you are looking for easy in and out, go elsewhere.The next issue is the staff.  Totally hit and miss.  Generally they are decent, but every once in a while they are just completely off the charts and you will end up waiting for what seems to be hours for a simple order of a burger and fries.On the good side of things, they do have a pretty awesome indoor playplace.  To make things even better, it is actually separated from the main dining room by a wall with a door, so screaming is kept to a minimum.  You can hear them, but it is muffled.  Generally I have only seen this sort of setup at nicer establishments (like Chick-Fil-A, for one).Does it offset the downsides?  Perhaps.  But you really need to weight those minuses.  If the kids are screaming because you are taking so long to park and get your order filled, you might not get enough bonus from that playplace to make it worthwhile.
2	Have to agree with Chad here... the parking lot around this location is a nightmare.  The whole point of drive-thru is convenience, but when you have to weave around the parking lot to get in and out, there is something wrong.Most visits here are pretty quick... this last one was a long (insert expletive here) wait.  Luckily I wasn't in a rush, but you would think the employees should be... the guy running the food out to the parking space that I had to occupy while waiting just strolled up and then said, "Sorry for your wait" in a mocking tone.  I was just glad that something finally came out...It'll probably be a while before I try this McDonald's again.
1	I had to switch to a different McDonalds because I simply hate the one in Mint Hill off of Lawyers and Lebanon rd.  So I now go to the one on Independence near Sam Newell Rd, I've been going to this one for a few months now, but as of last night I don't think I will be returning.  I think sometimes fast food places get so caught up in the steady flow of traffic, they forget how to give good customer service.  I saw treat others how you would want to be treated.  So I ordered two orders of food for me and my family, and the little guy at the window told me I had to wait on my chicken to cook for 2 minutes I said ok, so he gave me some of my other food which meant that now would be extra cold by the time I got the newer food and returned home.  I always check my food because that's what you should do.  Well my first order of food was wrong, but I was afraid to send it back thinking hey they will spit in my food, or drop it and then give it back to me.  So I kept it and figured I would just make it right once I got home(stupid right) being that I paid for them to do that.  And who I got my second order, and everything I asked for I didn't get so they had to remake that, I had to sit at the window longer than I wanted while cars were upset behind me driving around me like they were on the Carolina speed way or something.  I finally got my complete orders of food, and it was completely cold when it was returned to me I of course complained about it to the lady at the window(assuming she was the manager) she looked at me and said well I can give you a small soda for that.  Can you believe it? She offered me a small drink for giving me cold food.  Now if that's not good customer service then I don't know what is.  I know in your every day life and job you may get burnt out every now and then but if you are working with the public maybe you should give your self a refresher course on how to treat people.  I think all companys who work with the public should do this.  And on top of that, when I got home and started to eat the cold food I paid for, my chicken wasn't cooked all the way through the middle, can any one say SALMONELLA?  Yuck, Yuck, Yuck, and to think I waited a extra two minutes for undone food.
3	First time at this location. Stopped for a small shake and dang I believe I they gave me an extra extra small shake. I had to ask the lady in drive thru was that a small or what. I tell you each mcdonalds has different cup sides. I need yall to be consistent! !!
