4	The UPS store close to home I frequent.  Now, Ups is a little more expensive than USPS but they have tremendous customer service and some of the best shipping packages domestically and internationally around.  The store itself carries all your normal shipping supplies for sale and the employees are very informative and helpful in assessing your individual needs.
1	Wow I wonder who Michael dealt with. Great customer service?  Just left here and was forcibly reminded what terrible customer service was. I went to the could twenty with a ready to mail package.  My printer was low and the barkey was faint. The punkass at the counter tells me " what the hells wrong with your printer? " I said its low but I have the shipping forms.  He interrupts me and says it wont scan, what did I do, what is he supposed to do. Then an old Guy with glasses walks up and clicks his tongue and starts lecturing me about my label.All this before either of them even touched my package. I told them "You didn't even TRY to scan it!" So punkass laughs and shakes his head and oldie tells me it wont and grabs the box. I asked him to give it back to me so I can take it somewhere else to someone who wants to do their JOB. Punkass laughs and says "Over a fucking label that won't scan haha." So lo and behold IT SCANS THE FIRST DAMN TIME. ..........No apology from anyone...just a receipt shoved at me. I will be writing to their corporate offices....I've never been treated so rudely!!
5	The owner of this store is really friendly!  I needed to rent a mail box at this location and the setup was quick and easy, absolutely no hassle.  The pricing is great and I would recommend this UPS Store to everyone.
4	I really like the location. It is in a very convenient location and it carries business services like the post Mail box. Great service for businesses who don't want the PO BoX title when sending to their clients. I like how the store is accessible to customers with boxes 24 hours. The guys working here are very helpful and enjoy what they do. I will get a box here in the future.
4	This location gives me what I need for my business: good service & no attitude. A major improvement over the UPS Store next to the Smiths at Maryland & Silverado Ranch (by the Leslie's Pool Supplies). We have for the last time gone there and dealt with the rude little dark haired girl that works mornings during the week.
