5	My hubby and I was checking out another store in the shopping center. I saw the sign for a $20 one hour  massage.   Figured that is a great deal so why not check it out. I have never had reflexology done before so I was excited to see what was the difference.  I was pleasantly surprised. I got the combo massage where they do your feet, then shoulders neck and back. Omg!!!! Where has this been all my life!!!  Tom was excellent and really strong. I feel fantastic!!! I will become a regular!!!! :-)
5	I've been searching for a new reflexology location on the east side of town, and let me tell you, Ocean wins, hands down!I came here one evening about two hours before closing.  It was quiet, relaxing, and they gave a wonderful full-body reflexology massage.  For those not familiar, you sit in a large specialized recliner with all your clothes on.  Take off your socks and shoes and they soak your feet in hot water, while soaking, the manual therapist massages your arms, neck and shoulders.  Then they spend about 15 minutes doing the reflexology, which is foot massage, on your now soaked-and-dried feet.  Sometimes the pressure can be intense, just let them know.  Once your feet/lower legs are done, they lay the chair flat and turn you over to work on your back/legs/glutes.  It's a nice way to spend $20 and an hour - also a good intro to massage.Tom was nice, I will go there again!
3	I had a good experience 2 times but when I went with my wife and was time to pay the English speaking woman asked how much tip we wanted to leave and we said 5 dollars  which is 25 percent.  She complained that we should leave at least 10 dollars and said most leave more.  This was a Huge turnoff.  I might have left 10 anyway but it's not her place to tell me what I should leave.  Not going back because of this
5	I decided to check this place out after reading the Yelp reviews. Boy was this a treat! They have $20 for 1 hr or $30 for 90 mins. I called a few hrs before they closed to see if they had availability and they told me to come on in. The place is quiet, calm, and very relaxing. As a first timer i didnt really know what to expect but the woman kept checking in on if i was comfortable and how the pressure was. (this was a big plus in my book.) I left feeling like my body got a work out, stretched, and a lil sore but much better than when i came in. The best part was the card i got at the end where when u buy 10 massages your next one is free. This place is really inexpensive and worth so much more than you pay. So mske sure you tip well bc the staff really makes sure you leave feeling better than you came in.
5	First time customer, and definitely coming back! I received an amazing massage from Tom. He is incredible. Definitely not for the weak, he really gets into those knots and sore spots. I felt amazing afterwards! It's only $20 for a hour, so tip well! It's amazing you can get a massage so cheap, tipping them a decent amount for an amazing job is still cheaper than going to other places. You also receive a little stamp card and your tenth massage is free! I highly recommend this place!
5	I'm hooked! The price is more than reasonable for the way it makes my body feel. I'll plan on going back once a week.
5	I wanted to find a place closer to my home in Henderson instead of driving all the way to Chinatown for a foot rub!!LOVE THIS PLACE.  My boyfriend and I came and got an hour+ massage.  I had ANDY and he had MIA and I would highly recommend both of them!!!! Very strong, efficient and friendly.  The store is small and they care.  They also give you a punch card.  10th massage is free.  I look forward to returning!!!
3	Nice and clean. My friend and I came for a reflexology foot massage. I was pleasantly  surprised that they worked on the whole body whilst fully clothed. The massages were very good. There were many disruptions during my friends massage because they seemed to be fairly busy. (Thursday around 1:30)  It was a great experience, my service was disruption free, with the exception of the end of our service. She told me the massage was $20 plus a $10 tip!  Personally, I  don't  care being told what I should tip. Poor form. Otherwise I would have given 1 more star. Overall it was good.  I was really put off by the whole tip thing. I left the required tip but I may not return.
5	Great massage, great price.  I'm officially hooked and I will be back for more.  One and a half hour massage for 30$...plus a nice tip.  I walked for 50$. Totally professional and very clean environment.
5	Great place for a massage.  Very clean and professional. They give a full hour massage. You keep your clothes on. They start massaging your head and work your full body.
5	My wife and I went to Ocean Reflexology today.  Usually, the back massage portion lasts about 15 minutes.  We wanted more, so they only massaged our backs for 30 minutes for the $20.  We were fine with that.  The massage was great!  I had a woman work on me who was very strong--I loved every minute of it!  She got on top of my back and used her knees and feet to really dig in--awesome!  I have back problems, so I like a really deep massage and that is what you get at this place.  She also stretched my arms and legs.  I really enjoyed her technique, and the pressure was perfect for me.  They do except credit cards.  They didn't say anything about the tip, but I gave each person $10 cash since that seems to be the expectation--well worth it.  They also have a card that they mark--free massage after ten visits--nice touch.
5	Amazing 1 hr massage for $20 plus tip. Pleasant quiet atmosphere. I will be back tomorrow!
4	I was referred by a friend.  Good lighting, good music, cheap, nice service.  Terrible at appointments.  I made one and still waited 30 minutes.  But cheap and will do the trick. Owner allows phone to ring at normal levels when taking calls.  Strange for a massage establishment.  You could hear everything.
5	I love this place! It's perfect. Not to expensive good massage and very soothing. I like the music too. I can't wait to go again.
5	Love this place they have great prices and good service!! Seriously undid some of the knots in my shoulder and made me feel relaxed! Next time I might do 90 min I didn't want it to end!
3	Welcoming and cool inside. Had a wonderful and relaxing 90 minute full body massage for $40 including tipWill definitely come back again and tell all my friends and family.Thanks to Ann Z for the recommendation.
4	Went here the other day. They give you a 60 minute full body massage for $30(I tip $10). That's a great price and honestly you wont find a better price at one of the salon/spa massage places. Their are a couple of differences from this place and the more expensive massage places. The first thing is their is no privacy. They do have two chairs that have walls around them but the opening to get to them isn't covered. Meaning their isn't a door. So people walking by can see you getting  a massage and they will look in on you. To me that's kinda creepy but whatever. Also the rest of the chairs are in the middle of this big room so then you have absolutely zero privacy. The second thing is you keep your clothes on. I really don't like that part of it because I'm used to not having my clothes on when getting a massage. Especially since it's hot out right now and I'm sweating. But those are the only two negatives. For the price it's worth it. I would recommend going when it's a little cooler out.
5	A+++++.  Cannot say enough about this business.  They provided services to me and my young daughter and it was clean, professional and more than I expected, all for $20.  I will be back weekly if not more
5	Great deal! Found this place through help and read the reviews and decided to give it a shot. At first i thought it wouldnt be that good since they charge cheap being in vegas most massage/services are a little more pricey. But this place is very good that I tipped $10 for an hour of their service.Overall atmosphere was very calming, dont expect any high-end features etc. Its just perfect to get a massage and go.
5	So reasonable and so relaxing.  Everyone is nice and professionalism. My kids and I have been looking forward To this since last week.  With dance and growing  pains it makes the makes sense for us.
5	Found this place though yelp and decided to give it a try. I had never been to one of these places so was nervous at first ! It was so nice And they helped me rightaway. I was shocked how amazing the massage was I was super relaxed. I recommend it to my family and friends and now we all can't get enough. Totally worth it
5	Wonderful experience ! !  Our daughter treated me and her dad for dad's 75th Birthday.  We will be back for sure.....Just got home and plan to melt into our chairs for the rest of the evening.
5	I can't say enough about this place! The therapists are fantastic! Worked at an event and was on my feet all day. They fixed me right up! I will come again a and will tell others what a gem this place is. If I could give more stars I would!
2	The massage was ok.  She could have went a little harder, but for $20 an hour, I won't complain about that.  I will, however, complain about the fact that she practically demanded a $10 tip.  I gave her $7, and she was still trying to punch in $10 on her credit card machine.  Why don't you just charge your customers $25, and take what you want from that?  I was completely annoyed at the fact that they tell you what to tip.  I don't think i'll be going back here anytime soon.
4	Magical local reflexology spot. We often go to Bali in China town and we're excited to find something just as good if not better and closer to home in Henderson.  This place is pretty small, 8 beds and in a storefront near Kmart.  The beds are super cozy and the staff very attentive.  We came in a group of 3 and immediately were sat.  The best part, no creepy ring the bell service.My lady began by preparing a foot soak.  She then gave a superb cranial massage working down through the neck and shoulders in an aggressive yet soothing way.  She worked the feet, toes and back as well with some great stretching.  It was $20 for 1 hour. Best 20 ever spent.It's the day after and I don't feel sore like she was over aggressive,  I just feel great!!Go here, but please not a lot cause I don't want to have to wait in a line.  :-)
5	Love this place. Went twice in 1 week. I took my friend and boyfriend they absolutely loved the reflexology. For the price I am thinking of going every couple weeks or so. Friendly staff as well.
5	I saw this on yelp and happened to drive by the store a few times.  I've been having problems with my left foot and a regular pedicure couldn't take care of.  I decided to give this place a call and schedule an appointment. I was a little worried because when I made the appointment the lady didn't take my name or number and we were on the phone maybe a total of 20 seconds.  I was a little baffled but I was still going to go to check it out.  When I go there I was thinking that the store was a little small but it was my first time going to a reflexology place so I didn't know to expect.  My appointment was at 2:30 and they were running about 10 minutes behind.  I wanted an hour appointment and I needed to be somewhere at the end of the hour.  So when I was finally up I just told the lady that I could only do 30 minutes since it was past the time.  I was escorted to massage bed which is motorized and my therapist brought out a tub of water for my feet to soak.  After soaking she came out and cleaned my feet and starred the massage.  The massage was very extensive.  They cover you with towels and cover your eyes as well.  There is relaxing music playing in the background as well that puts you at ease.  I just asked her to massage my feet and she went above and beyond and massaged my legs, calves, shoulders, chest, and hamstrings.  It was unbelievable.  This place has put my other past massage therapist to shame.....in 30 minutes of work.  When I left the store it felt like I was walking on air and I felt like a new person.  I honestly felt cheated that I didn't get my hour.  At the end It was only 15.00 dollars.  Uh..no way. ....... I paid her 25.00!  Th service was beyond excellent!  I was reading another review and another yelper stated don't expect anything fancy and he is right when it comes to the decor but the service makes up for it.  This place is a hidden gem no doubt!  Im planning on going back tomorrow.Last not.....they do have a rewards program to where your 10 massage is free.  Definitely take advantage of it or don't forget to ask about it just in case they fail to mention it.
