5	I use this Papa John's for delivery and never have had a problem with this location.  The pizza always shows up before the estimated time of arival, it comes hot and they have never messed up an order.  Last night I had the nicest delivery person ever.  She told me my puppy was cute, commented on the movie I was watching, went over my order to make sure it was correct and thanked me repeatedly for my tip.  I hate Domino's and I can't rely on Pizza Hut to show up but I love my Papa John's.
1	I was desperate. One crying baby and a hungry toddler. I needed someone who delivered food and all I could think was pizza.  I didn't want Pizza Hut. I tried calling Lefty's and the number is no longer in service.  What to do, what to do... All I could come up with was Papa John's.  I ordered a large cheese pie which cost $8. I wish they would have took it back with them.  I guess I'm just not that type of pizza person.  It was really doughy. The sauce wasn't good and the cheese was a congealed mess on top. Ugh...Other than the gross pizza, service was good.  Delivery was quick. The driver was friendly.I wish my experience was better but it looks like I'm going to have to research more delivery places for when I'm in a  jam.
5	This was the first pizza place in Las Vegas that we ended up actually liking. Ordered take out twice... never messed up our food and never disappoints. Will def be eating there again in the near future! thumbs up!
2	I want to start by saying that I get chain pizza isn't exactly gourmet... It's mass produced and missing that extra love that most mom and pop places provide.  But, chain pizza serves a purpose.  It's nearby, offers coupons, and if you're lucky it can taste good too....  So for reviewing Papa John's, please keep in mind that I'm not comparing it to a regular pizza joint.That being said, I've had Papa Johns for years - from my old home of Pittsburgh to my new home of Las Vegas.  I always found it pretty consistent and liked the garlic sauce to dunk my crust in.Flash forward to the last couple times I have ordered from them: really thick doughy dough (is that possible?), too much cheese, and on one really bad occasion we got canned tomatoes as a topping.  Worst of all, there's been meat lurking under the cheese like paparazzi trying to get a picture of Suri Cruise.Ok ok, I get it.  Most people eat meat.  Eating out is a risk anyone that has dietary restrictions takes.  Ok!  Seriously, I said I get it!  Geeze.Anyway, this has happened to us the last three times we've ordered Papa John's (this location in particular, the only one we order from).  It's always multiple pieces of meat, different varieties, and under the cheese.  So even after thorough inspection of the pie, you will bite into it.  Maybe someone doesn't like vegetarians?  Hmmmm.I know most people won't understand, but it's seriously gross to me.  I don't think it should be that hard to keep meat off a veggie pizza.  Places like Chipotle and Zaba's do it without any problems.  Other pizza places don't have this problem.I'll give the place two stars to try to be fair considering I used to eat Papa Johns occasionally before these shenanigans started happening.  But the quality and customer service has really gone downhill and leaves this girl with a big frowny face.
1	The manager at this store has some serious issues and should definitely not be dealing with customers.  I have been a loyal customer but today I was talked to so rudely by the manager, "Joe," that I am changing my ways.We were nice enough and called about a problem with delivery, but the manager was very condescending and called me "rude" and "nasty."  I expressed my discontent with the issue and asked why but really didn't expect to be talked to like that.  How is this guy a manager?  That's not how you talk to a customer.  I treated him with respect and wasn't yelling or swearing or doing anything to be talked to like that.  Terrible.  We'll go to other locations from now on, but I really hope corporate does something about this guy who has really bad people skills apparently.When he started getting an attitude I put the phone on speakerphone...had he known there was a room full of former Papa John's pizza lovers, maybe he would have thought twice about his tone and words?Also, check out their Google Reviews on this location...obviously we're not the only customers upset with the manager.
2	First off this is the second time coming here.. Disappointed by the chaos and disorganization that caused a long wait after going to the place to pick up the pizza 30 mins after I called and ordered. It took another 15 mins before finally getting my pizza. This happened both times i went there. Really?!? It should not be like this. This will be the last time I come here. The pizza was good but if it takes all this to get a pizza.
3	Standard Papa Johns to me
1	So I ordered a large pepperoni and mushroom pizza and the bacon cheese breadsticks online for carry out at this location. I was never sent a confirmation or even a time to pick up my pizza (let's note that Pizza Hut gives you a confirmation before you even leave the site, and Domino's tells you exactly where your pizza is at in the process!). So half an hour later, waiting for this friggin' email, I leave to go pick it up. Of course I get there, and they have to confirm my credit card and all that jazz, I get my order and take it home. When we finally sit down to eat, it's already cold. Fabulous. They seem to be a little stingy with the mushrooms in particular. Also, the breadsticks are pretty lame. I imagine it started out as a small pizza crust, and they put cheese and bacon on top. Nothing like the photographs at all. All in all, if you're dying to order Papa John's here are some tips: 1. Don't order online.2. Make sure you remember to ask for cheese and peppers, because they surely won't ask you.3. Don't order the sides, I imagine all the breadsticks to be as lame and flat as mine. I think or 10 are supposed to come in an order, you get them all, but some pieces end up being half the size of others (round pizza crust). 4. Make sure you order double toppings, because I imagine that to be comparable with other pizza chains.
3	Food is hit and miss.  I know I should stick to thin crust when I order from here.  I ordered a pepperoni normal crust which seemed undercooked as well as cheese sticks that were dried out.  It is getting a three due to the occasional hits and what can you expect from a chain.
1	Ordered a pizza to be delivered. $13.50. The delivery guy shows up, I give him a $20. The smart ass arrogant jerk asked me if I needed change. He got a .50 cent tip. Will not be ordering from them again. Too many other places where I can get a pizza.
2	I have always liked Papa John's pizza, over the other chain pizza companies. But this particular store gives the chain a very bad name. On 3 occasions now this store has not completed my delivery order correctly. On the last order I paid for 2 extra garlic sauces, $1.20. And of course they were not delivered. When I called the store, the manager on duty was actually mad that I was complaining and told me it only a $1.20. Really!  It might on be $1.20 but to date their small mistakes have cost me about $5.60. Avoid this store! Or at least until they figure out customer service.
1	I generally like Papa John's Pizza a lot... but not this place. Pros:Its papa John's.Cons:Late delivery (takes an hour to 1.5 hrs... although they promise less than an hour).Even carry out takes more than 30 minutes.Pizza usually are not warm enough.Rude behind the counter staff
2	What the hell happened to Papa John's? I used to eat pizza from these guys all the time when I was living over in Southern California. Now that I have been in Vegas about 4 years, this is the first I have had it since then.For starters, the dough has changed. I dont know exactly what it is but, for some reason it did not taste the same like I was used to back in Cali. The dough seemed bland and a bit dry. The toppings werent as plentiful and as fresh as it used to be.Maybe its because I ordered 3 large pizzas for delivery about half an hour before they closed? Maybe they were just getting ready to close soon and really did not worry too much about my order? Sad to think it but yeah, maybe I was getting whatever dough that was left since the morning. I also think that I am spoiled from going to Old School Pizzeria, Metro Pizza, Napoli's and Grimaldi's.The only thing that has not changed are the little Garlic Butter thingies that you can dip your pizza bread into and the peppercini's (sp?). What I ordered was 2 large pepperonis and 1 large Ham and Pineapple. I also orderd cheesy breadsticks as a side. I hate to say it, but the hot n ready pepperoni pizza at Little Caesars I had last weekend was better. The cheesy breadsticks were ok.Customer service and delivery were decent. They showed up as promised by the eta that was given. Overall, not sure if I want have Papa John's again. Maybe I just caught them at a bad time. Everybody has their moments I guess. If I order from these guys again and it is better or heaven forbid worse, then an update is necessary.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #111
1	OK so as a person who has ordered for her family for 10 years I know somethings do happen... WELL   At this location this was the 3rd time and twice in ONE trip that this place messed up... For one he came in 45 min for ONE pizza one order of bread sticks and one salad.  He came and My sister asked for my salad... OOPS! He forgot it! So ok while my family ate I had to wait. (I figured it's ok things happen...)  He comes back with the salad and says he's sorry. and while we open the pizza DARN it... It's the wrong pizza. I informed him that the crust was supposed to be original (fluffy stuff!)  not Thin Crust.  And he says "ok well what do you want me to do your kid is already eating it!" I said "well I didn't ask you to take it back, but just to inform your cook that it's wrong."   He replies back with "Well your ticket says ORIGINAL... That's original". I said "well no you have to CHOOSE thin crust, so original is the normal fluffy crust."  He was still on the phone this location...he says to them "Never mind they keeping it!" and walked off.   1) First off I know forgetting something sometimes happens But say sorry!2) You can NOT try to correct the customer when they are very clearly right!! (I called the store and the manager Chyenne apologized to me and said he was a new driver. and that she would speak to him) 3) You NEVER walk away from someone talking to you... especially when they are your customer! RUDE, SLOW and still got tipped (mostly because he says he didn't have change!!!)!
1	Ran out off pepperoni! Placed an online order for carry out. Had to wait 25 minutes after expected pickup time... No kind of discount or compensation for wasting my time. Way to do business!
1	This is the most terrible pizza I have ordered in a long time. The pizza showed up 20 min late, the delivery driver was rude and the pizza was so undercooked that it was pathetic. It looked as though it hadn't even been cooked. Upon calling the manager "Cheyenne" she told us she could send a new pizza OR give us our money back....not both. Lmao I found this hilarious. You mean to tell me you messed up a pizza and not only are you not giving me my money back but you are also going to make me wait an hour for another pizza? Pathetic. Poor excuse for a papa johns. I have been a lifetime customer of papa johns....this experience has made me never want to order from them again SPECIFICALLY this location and this manager (Cheyenne). Would never recommend to anyone. Do not go here!!!!!
1	Ok, " not Ok " We ordered ahead meat lovers for pickup it was ready ok  Asked for lite sauce they did not lesson This pizza was the worst looking and did not taste good. Recommend not to order for this papa johns
2	I've had three bad experiences at this location.  The pizza's not that great.   Prices not that great.  Every time I try to get a discount they have an attitude.  I will never purchase another pizza from this location again.  Once they messed up the order.  Another time I ordered online for delivery and it never showed up.  They told me not to use the corporate site to order pizza online.  I say then why have a website at all?   I mean what's the point.  As far as the pizza goes, the crust is decent.  Good texture. Good taste.  They skimp on the toppings.  The cheese is not that great.  Sauce was sort of sweet like it has a lot of sugar in it, I sort of liked it.  The Philly Cheese Steak pizza however is sort of gross.  It tastes like it has miracle whip on it - nasty.  I expected it to taste like a real cheese steak.  It certainly didn't have enough or the right kind of cheese for a cheese steak pizza.  It had some sort of weird sauce on it that I didn't care for at all.  If you call it a cheese steak, it should taste like a real cheese steak sandwich - it's as simple as that.  Two thumbs down on this.On the other hand the cinnamon dessert pizza was pretty good.  In all I give this place about a 5/10 mark on the food.  This location I give a 1/10 for attitude.  For quickness they are pretty quick 8/10 on speed.
