5	Always very good place for take out any evening. Thanks for six and half years of great pizza or shall I say antipasto.
5	Always very good place for take out any evening. Thanks for six and half years of great pizza or shall I say antipasto.
4	This place is the best I been coming here for like 12yrs really good the wings are the best frays are good the only thing that sucks no ac in the sumner is no joke in here..
5	Finding good pizza is a journey on its own. Thankfully you don't have to wait for the fall of Troy or defeat a cyclops to complete this odyssey. In fact all you have to do is go downtown and drive a few miles down on Fremont, and come to a nondescript blue and white building. You might question if you're in the right place, but trust your instincts because yes you are. Inside the pizza shop is very quaint. It has a very retro feel, in fact if I was told that nothing had been changed since 1994 I wouldn't be shocked. They even have a legit pac man/ donkey kong machine from the 80s. Now, most importantly is the food. The pizza is top notch. The crust is crispy, tasted hand tossed and well made. The sauce was ok, not bad but the cheese was oh so gooey and melty all inside my mouth. My test for a pizza is if it can hold its own without toppings and this passes with flying colors. I had the specialty pizza which had several meats and vegetables. I was too stuffed to truly appreciate the Stromboli but it gets a thumbs up. Your only excuse for not making it down here is if calypso imprisons you or Poseidon has a vendetta against you
5	Been coming to this place for over 10+yrs. highly recommend great prices great food great great great !! Their ranch is fantastic they make it from scratch!
2	I have NEVER thrown away a pizza. The amount of cheese and grease. And trust me I never complain about pizza. I eat frozen pizza and don't even complain about that. Damn!!!  They need a new crust and less cheese. And it would be perfect. However, they have other things on the menu I'm going to try. Don't listen to me, you might like it. But me and 2 others did not like it one bit.
