4	Located next to C1, it's the perfect place to drink off that Vegas hangover while you wait for your flight. Not too expensive either - 9 dollar glass of wine is cheaper than I paid anywhere on the strip! I got some entertaining Vegas stories from the other patrons -- including one from a man whose traveling companion was too drunk to make it through security. Better than reading a copy of Us Weekly!
3	Corcoran's is a typical overpriced airport bar that is definitely off the beaten path. It is an "Irish in name only" pub that is located in the corner of the Southwest terminal, right next to C1. Due to its remote location, it was just about empty when I showed up (which made for prompt, courteous service).
1	Rude, rude, rude.   Over priced.   The bartender could barely communicate and didn't give us 5 minutes to look at the menu before he was telling us we had to order or leave.   Not one customer in the place and he wants to rush us out.Glad there are many other choices in the airport with trained staff who welcome customers
3	tucked away at gate C1 in the vegas airport, hence probably hardly any reviews haha.  But a good little place to get away from the many people bustling round for a quick drink.  They were actually nice enough to let me eat Jersey Mike's sandwich there while drinking a beer.  They do have a menu for food too but what's not on the menu that they serve are nacho cheese and hotdogs? Not sure why it's not on the menu but you can see it behind the bar counter.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I have been sitting here for over 20 minutes and have yet to be greeted. I finally went to the bar to place my order and there is one bartender and still no drink. The only reason why I've stuck around this long is because I found a charging station at my table. As I'm typing this, the bartender approached my table aggressively and yelled, "how dare you ask me to clean your table and not order a drink!" I said, "excuse me? I ordered a Bloody Mary 20 minutes ago from you and you have yet to bring it to me." He said, "oh yah I forgot." I have never been so offended by a Resturant/bar staff member in my life. Unbelievable! John Taffer from Bar Rescue would be falling over right now! Needless to say, I got up and left.
2	This is a strange little place, located near the C1 gate in the busy, crowded Southwest Airlines concourse. Even though it looks like a regular restaurant, there doesn't appear to be any table service. After seating myself at an open table, I waited about ten minutes and watched other patrons go to the bar to order food and drink. So after perusing the menu, I wandered over and asked if anything on their menu could be made gluten free. (I have celiac disease, so eating gluten is a big no for me.) Sadly, nothing on their menu is GF. But I was thirsty, so I did order a pomegranate mojito. Here's where Corcoran's earned its second star. The bartender made it by hand, and it was good and strong. Not sure it was worth the price - with tip it came to almost $20 - but it definitely hit the spot before a long flight home to Atlanta.
2	I'll give this place a 2 star review for the two good things about it. First, located between gate C1 and C2 it is quiet and away from the craziness, so plus one. Second, the beer was cold. It's airport food and no one expecting fine dining, but there little redemption here.The food is all bagged chips and pre-made sandwiches that look and taste like they came off a food truck. The menu does not make that clear nor do you really notice the small half sized fridge you serve yourself out of. The "Irish" in this pub you get in the few beers on tap and the typical Irish music they  pump out at you, otherwise you'll need to be Irish to up that ante on that side of things. If you just want a quick, $8-9 beer then swing in, it will be quiet and kill time. If you have any real hankering for real food find another spot to eat at and leave this "Irish Classic" out of your plans.
1	I tried to go here to get a bite to eat and have a Smithwick's.  There's a fridge with premade sandwiches and no Smithwick's.  I don't think you can call yourself an Irish Pub just because one of the 6 beers you have on tap is a Guinness.  I ended up going somewhere else...
1	What a mistake and looking forward to something different . I really should have read the reviews before stopping. They serve out of a small refrigeration and didn't have what I wanted anyway. Should have looked closer but walking around the airport and was too Hungary! They have sandwich stops that better. Not worth ago or repeat stop. Many other areas that are better. I didn't even get the options explained and should have just walked out.
5	You may ask why 5 stars well let me explain this place sucks but they know they suck and they fully embrace it. The people working there are always pleasant and helpful but they make no excuse for menu of pre made sandwiches in the frig and ballpark nachos Why I like it here it is never crowded the bartender understands that I am stuck at this airport much longer than I should be (as usual ) and handles me appropriately.  Oh did I mention that it is not crowded.  No leaving Las Vegas idiots standing in the middle of the walkway. Or those brilliant people that thought bring their 3 kids, all still in a stroller,  to Las Vegas is a good idea.It is not that I dislike people but when I am leaving Las Vegas I have generally had enough of people.  If you have that feeling too then this is the place for you. If not please please don't come here and ruin it for the rest of us.
2	It's not as good as you hope. It's not a real pub. And the food is less than mediocre. I guess the real reason to stop in is for the beer. The place does look inviting but there is no table service and all the food is prepackaged. The sandwiches were mostly stale bread with very little fixings on them. We would have been better off trying a fast food spot
2	It seems frivolous to review airport food. Pub food is almost always mediocre. Stick a pub in an airport and you should keep your expectations low. I had a very large helping of chicken tenders at Corcoran's. I was able to stave of hunger and save myself from spending money on a tiny box of assorted snacks on the plane.
