5	Omg!! Best hair and nail salon. I moved from Cali about 4 years ago and couldn't find a good place ever! I heard about naughty nails and decided to come give it a  try best decision made. Chantel did my nails love em can't stop starring at them. Laila did my hair best hair stylist. Great service ever everyone is really nice. guess what they are open 24 hours yes ladies 24 hours!! Don't you just love it :)
4	Awesome salon with awesome people! Lachelle did an amazing job I highly recommend her! The receptionist was really cute and friendly and I would definitely go back!
4	I was able to walk in SUPER last minute before my vacation for the holidays and got both my pedicure and full set.  All employees were extremely friendly, quality of my nails turned out beautiful, and the salon was very clean!  Love, love, LOVE the style of the office and felt comfortable knowing there was security monitoring the parking lot late at night.  I would definitely recommend Naughty Nails to any of my friends or family members. =)~Mae
5	My 2nd visit @ naughty nails. I have no complaints the ladies who Work here are a blast. Always friendly, fun, and creative. The salon is super cute, clean and modern. This is my go to nail salon! I like the fact that they are open late. My nails turned out exactly how I wanted. Thanks Vicky I'll be back in 2 Weeks!!
3	I LOVE MY ACRYLICS!!! They are super super cute and it hasn't even been 24 hours and I've gotten about 10 compliments from people I don't even know on them. I am a fan. The only complaint I have was that they took a long time. I felt like I was in there forever. The pedi was good but I feel like you could get the same thing anywhere else for cheaper but I highly suggest the creative acrylics that Vicky does! Super cute!
4	I found this salon through a groupon for a mani pedi and I'm extremely happy so far.  I was able to upgrade the groupon to have a full set of nails put on and the nail tech did a great job.  It's been almost 2 weeks and my nails still look great!  I finally took my nails off almost 3 years ago in frustration after moving here.  I went to so many places and either they charged twice what I paid in Salt Lake or they yellowed and popped up.  I think I've finally found a permanent home for my nails.  Thank you Stephanie & groupon:)
4	In an upstairs shop on Arville between Trop & Flamingo, this salon is very different, modern, cute & trendy.  I found it by getting a Living Social deal.  With very comfortable leather bench-type seating for your spa pedicure, I felt very relaxed, much more so than my local salon I used to go to, honestly.  Stephanie gave me a really nice manicure & pedicure. I will most likely go back, as they said even if it's a Groupon/Living Social deal, there was no need to purchase, just come on in and they'd honor the price.  Regular price manicures & pedicures are $25, so I saved $20 by using the Living Social deal.  They are open from 10am-2am, which I think is really cool.  Stephanie told me they get a lot of tourist business from those who don't want to pay the outrageous hotel spa prices. Busy hours are from 2:30p-6p, and from 9p-close.  I went at 1230 and I got right in when I called earlier in the day.  They are open from 10am-2am, which is pretty cool for those of us who work shift work.  I had a very nice experience here and I will definitely be back!  Thank you, Stephanie!
1	Bar none, this is the most disorganized business I have ever seen. The customer service was almost non-existent. Mistakes are completely understandable. Shit happens and nobody is perfect. But when the same business makes more than three major mistakes in a row I wonder how it is still standing amidst all the competition. Poor customer service example #1:I called Naughty Nails about a month ago and left a really excited message because I was pumped to find a "well-reviewed" place I could visit at odd hours. I would have gone there a month ago, except nobody bothered to return my call.The lack of a return call does not even factor into this review. It just adds to my point about how this is the most disorganized and poorly managed business I have ever seen.PCS #2:I set up an appointment yesterday for midnight after my flight arrived in LAS. I'm getting married in several days and my schedule is packed every day until my wedding so I have limited time to get everything done. I talked to the lady on the phone yesterday morning for 5-10 minutes explaining the flight situation and she said midnight was fine and she would book the appointment. Lo and behold, I show up at midnight on the dot and nobody is there. Baffled, I call the main line. The woman on the phone apologizes and tells me the nail tech left. I told her I had an appointment and explained my situation (limited time, wedding) and she apologized again and offered me 50% off my service to make up for it and set up a new appointment for this morning. That woman who I spoke with on the phone is the only person who knew anything about customer service. I wasn't too bothered that no one was there because she handled the situation well and took care of me. Naughty Nails once again had a clean slate with me, until I came back the next morning...PCS  #3:I meet Stephanie. She has to ask when my appointment is because evidently she didn't know. She also didn't know about my discount. Disorganized...poor communication within the business...but still no big deal. She is friendly and sets me up to get a pedicure. During my pedicure and manicure, her phone is straight BLOWING UP. I shit you not. She stops to talk to her grandma, she stops to text, buzz buzz buzz. I'm sorry, is my pedicure interrupting your life? Am I paying you for a service or just getting in the way of your abounding social life? It must take a SERIOUS lack of common sense to think it is OK to TEXT in the middle of a SPA SERVICE. This blew my f*cking mind 1000 times over. It's like me paying for a massage and the masseuse interrupts the service to chat on her phone and send texts while the phone is producing obnoxious noises for the entire 2.5 hour process (because in this case, that's how long it took for a mani/pedi!!). IT IS JUST AS BAD TO DO THIS DURING A PEDICURE!! How is this not obvious?!?! I mean C-O-M-E  O-N! I was pressed for time and had to work at noon. My appointment was at 9:30am. I was late for work. During the pedicure when she was texting I said "I'm not sure if we will have time to do both...I have to work at noon"...and that's the only reason she stopped texting. Absolutely ZERO respect for my time. HUGE NO-NO. This is a mortal sin of any spa-related business. I was stressed and anxious the entire time. PCS #4At 11:00a.m. a group of three girls come in. At around 11:15 they ask if it will be much longer. Stephanie asks them what time their appointment is and they say 11. She responds "Oh, I have it in my book as 11:30". Another example of the horrendous disorganization. AND also another huge customer service fail. Anyone working in hospitality should know that the customer is always right (even if they are wrong!). She could apologize for the delay, for the misunderstanding, for SOMETHING just to let them know she cares a little bit. She tells them she will be done in 20 minutes. Realistically we are done at noon. She stops midway to get them set up with the pedicure water, which means I am going to get to work late. I understand why she would want to get them going but where is everybody!?!? There is no way she is going to do manicures and pedicures on three girls with the same appointment time by herself. What is going on here!?! What a hot, hot, burning MESS!!PCS#5 I'm finally done, and WITH the 50% off my service is $50. So it's $100 for a mani/pedi here? That's unheard of...but I needed to pay and leave for work. I pull out my credit card only to discover (ha-ha...discover, like the card!) that their credit card has been down for a while and I have to go get cash. I straight up told her I don't have time because I'm already going to be late. They tell me I have to come back at 2:30a.m. after I work a double and pay. LO AND BEHOLD...NO ONE THERE when I come back to payUNBELIEVABLE!And my nails were mediocre at best--a bit sloppy with little attention to detail, rough shaping, and poor manicuring.THE END...never again!! OMGx100278237^10000!!
1	I give this place one star because there was only one positive thing about my experience there. Stephanie was very nice to my mother who had an allergy to the scent of the products being used. The four other stars are missing because all these things were unsatisfactory for me: 1. My appointment took way too long, 3 1/2 hours for some highlights is ridiculous. 2. This place has no management or supervision that I can see. The stylists eat, talk on the phone, and go on their own time, not yours. 3. I showed Stephanie a picture of what I wanted and she said she could do it, and the result was nothing like the picture. 4. While in the middle of doing my hair, my stylist went to take an "important call" and assured me the bleach would not "burn my hair off". WELL I SHOULD HOPE NOT! When she returned from her call which turned out to be to her doctor, she then made everyone in the room very uncomfortable by talking to the other stylist about her cervical cancer issues. While unfortunate, this is not a topic for discussion in front of your clients! After about 2 hours of this nightmare I was ready to bolt out the door. The only reason I tipped any of these people is because they accommodated my mothers allergy issue. Never coming back here, and I do not recommend this place for anyone else.
1	This is by far the worst pedicure I have had in my life.  I went there because they are open until late but I will never go back.  The lady doing my nails looked extremely dirty and the salon looked dirty as well.  She barely filed my nails...basically didn't do much except for painting them with a very thick layer of nail polish.  So thick it broke into pieces within hours of having it done.  She painted my nails very very sloppy.  I could have done it better, and I am pretty bad at this.I did like the masque the put on your feet and hands, but that's about it.Terrible manicure and pedicure.
5	Girls go to Naughty Nails for The most Blissful experience your nails will ever have!!!!!! Also the girls and guys that work there are the friendliest and the Best in the business.They are open till midnight which is a way cool thing if you can't get to a salon during CRAZY rush hour in Las Vegas!!!! Be Safe and let them know Mary Katherine sent you :)
1	DO NOT GO here unless you want to end up with a hack job on your nails. I found this location via Yelp and I was excited to check out it as it is open late. The salon itself is decent and has cute decorations. I needed a Fill and a nail fix. At my regular tech, this would take maybe 30 minutes plus the gel application. My tech spent TWO hours messing with my nails. I would be thrilled if they looked anywhere near professional. The tech seemed confused on how to remove the gel off of my nails in the first place, I had to tell her to use the grinder on it to remove it. 2 of my nails are Deformed and all of them are BUMPY. My right hand got extra gel polish, so it is a darker red while my left hand has a transparency to the polish. The prices were fair, but my gel already chipped (less than 2 days into it) which is unacceptable. They obviously use cheap products. The manager offered to fix my nails by apt, but I honestly have better things to do with 2 hours of my time. I wont be back!
5	My friend and I came here with a Groupon deal, and we even got to check in on Yelp and get an extra upgrade. This place is fantastic! We had Rita and Jeri and they were so friendly and funny and professional. This place is clean and cute and has a great selection of polish colors and services. We had a gel mani/pedi and my nails look fantastic. We will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
1	3 hours for a painted on french who paints on freches anymore and I dont care what type of 3d art you're doing none of it should take 3 hours although the staff is very nice and had fun talking with them. They're very disorganized poorly managed and you don't get what you pay for not even at $35 good thing I didn't pay the 65 that they wanted I won't go back
4	My mani-pedis last for weeks, and the fact they are open late is a huge plus.
2	I wish I could write a better review because I liked the staff and the convenience of this place in Vegas but unfortunately just painting nails is not their strong suit.I got  a gel manicure and pedicure. I had paint all around my toe nail and the polish was so thick that it began peeling off in a day.I had the same trouble with the gel manicure, the application was done so poorly that it only lasted a few days.
4	Ladies were very nice and pleasant. A multicultural salon indeed! Really refreshing. My friend that came with me had a bit of a hiccup with the brand of gel polish she had picked (it kept "spider-webbing" on her nail) but they were quick to correct it for her (just needed to be applied thinner). The techs were very intricate and professional. Great eye for details. Will return. Pro Tip: MAKE AN APPOINTMENT! We got lucky just walking in and they were empty. However they get EXTREMELY busy according to the manager Vicki so it best to have one and that way they can be dedicated to your services.
2	Everyone there seemed nice genuine and fun. I decided to go last minute to get my nails done for my birthday.  She asked if I wanted a pedicure also.. I had a date that night but thought sure why not. She kept telling me the prices for things, and if it worked for me. Couldn't really figure out if she was trying to get me to pay more, or what? Three hours later and 90 $ poorer I came out with an okay yellow/gold sparkle. Not exactly what I wanted but the gel selection was extremely limited, with only one swatch to pick from. Once I got home one of my gels on my toes sliped off.   Was extremely disappointed. .so I just painted it. Hour later two more slipped off :/ if im going to pay a crazy amount to splurge for my bday id want it to at least last till my bday. I then noticed the gel was all over my cuticle and not on my nail to top it off. Well the next day was my bday...and my toes had no gel..and neither did my hands. I'm extremely disappointed and I feel outright ripped off. I will not be going back to waste more time on something that may or may not stay on. My suggestion..don't come here for gel manicure or gel pedi.  And don't come unless u have 3 hours or more to waste, and I mean waste! So one star for super friendly staff, and one star for squeezing me in last minute, although now I wish she was busy.
2	I debated about writing this review but I think some constructive criticism could really do this place good.  I had a groupon deal for a mani and pedi for half price so I mapped the address and ended up in what I thought was an abandon building.  Low and behold this deserted complex actually had Naughty Nails on the 2nd level.  Once inside the salon was actually really nice but completely patron-less.  So Wednesday afternoon is very slow here . . . .There was only one girl working and she very pleasantly greeted me and instructed me to find a color.  I've had countless manicures and I could tell immediately she was not very experienced, but I figured everyone had to gain experience so I was fine with her taking extra time and she let me check in on yelp for free gel nails even with a groupon deal.  She was very nice and we actually had a nice conversation but I didn't feel it appropriate that she told me that most of the salon's customers were coming from the Living Social and Groupon deals and it's always slow in the salon and that she was looking for a new salon to work at.  As the nail tech is finishing up my gels another girl comes into the salon but she is not a patron and most likely an employee or friend of my nail tech.  Regardless of who she was she was inappropriately dressed in skimpy pajama clothes and looked like she just rolled out of bed from a wild and crazy night.  The girls chatted about the previous nights activities and lets just say the conversation was not appropriate in terms of language or content.  Mind Blown!!  Lets just say I'm glad the mystery girl got a phone call and left as I was moved into the pedicure room.  As far as the pedicure is concerned I was not impressed.  There is no massaging chair or jets in the "kitchen sink" you put your feet in.  Unfortunately she was even less experienced with pedicures than manicures and didn't even remove the calluses or do a massage with lotion.  She didn't even separate my toes prior to painting so the paint doesn't smear.  Simple tissue paper could of easily been used but nothing!  While the manicure took forever it ended up looking decent, the pedicure lasted about 10 minutes and was not so good.  Best Part: Yelp check in for gel nail upgrade.Late Night Hours: I would consider giving this place another chance since I did also discover in our conversation that they offer late night services by appointment and I absolutely love pedicures at 3am after a long night of working.Needs Work On:Road sign since the building looks vacant.Employee chat about customer service Do's and Don'tsPedicure procedure lasting longer than 10 minutesBest Gel Nails: Fast forward 3 weeks and my gel nails are still perfect.  No chips or lifting so I have to bump them from 1 to 2 stars for whatever super gel they use!
2	DO NOT go here! Worst place I've ever had my nails done! The place is completely empty. There's no music or massage chairs. The "manager" is extremely unprofessional and kept complaining on how sick she was and stayed in the storage room on her phone. When she actually did come out she complimented on my ring and asked what it was. I replied with Tiffany and she threw it down on the table and called me a spoiled brat!  2 other people walked out because only 1 girls was working. My pedicure was good but my gel mani was horrible. I was there for over 2 hours and only ended up with a pedicure because she messed up my gel. I was so frustrated by this point I told her I didn't even want my nails done and she still charged me! $60 for a pedicure and a "mani" that looked worse than when I first walked in. I will never be back here. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because the girl that did my nails was super nice.
3	:) :) :)
4	Questionable neighborhood.... We were a little concerned at 1st, but our experience turned out to be very positive :)
5	When driving by it was a little hard to see but it's there so stay on the look out! Upon entering its an interesting set up but a welcomed change to normal nail salons. Awesome music playing-- super relaxing and chill. Vicky was awesome and I got thr gel Mani pedi and I'm very happy with it. Will be returning!
4	Found this place off Groupon and I am 100% satisfied I did. The hip sexy stylish salon was great to my eyes and the sweetest workers made the place so pleasant. Loved my mani pedi and I will defiantly be back!!
5	I personally had a very fun experience here last night. Vicki did my manicure/pedicure, and Jeri (sp) had also helped with my manicure- she even gave me a bottle of cuticle oil as a small gift to to help me with my horrible biting habit. So nice! I never had to wait for any service- I felt they took great care of me the whole time I was there.Nick, the manager, was very friendly. All of them made me feel so welcome..and for me to feel comfortable enough to open up to new people right away is very rare. They were all incredibly easy to talk to, and this is what made my experience worth it for me. My nails look great, too! I will definitely be back.
1	I was given a groupon so I went.   I went there with no appointment (I called ahead), and was the only one there.  The lady that did my mani/pedi was very nice but I don't think she's a licensed manicurist.  I could tell she lacked experience.  My cuticles weren't done, I was there almost 2 hours, I didn't even get my nails poished, I was just ready to leave.   Worst mani/pedi I've ever experienced, unfortunately.
5	Never have I ever enjoyed having my nails done so much...Nicole is amazing!!! And the prices are beyond reasonable
5	I needed my nails filled badly. They looked like crap. I don't even want to tell you what my toes looked like... so anyway... the reason I had neglected them so badly is that most nail salons are only open until 7pm. I work nights and sleep much of the day and when I am up, I just don't think about getting into the salon until late. So I looked online and found Naughty Nails. Normally I would check out reviews but this place was open the hours I needed to go so I made an appointment for 8pm. I found the place pretty easily but I was late. At first, I thought it was closed, but no, it was just me, looking at the wrong building. I called to say I'd be late and as annoying as this is, the ladies there were very nice about it. In fact, I would say the women there were friendly, down to earth and and did a great job. The place was clean, the prices were just fine and I would go back anytime. They did a superb job on my nails and I didn't even recognize my feet anymore. I think they provide great service here and when I mentioned that, I was told that the entire staff had changed over except for one or two and I think that has really made a difference. I see these bad reviews and it just doesn't sound like the same place. So thank you Naughty Nails. I will be back! I love the hours and am surprised that that alone doesn't bring in lots of business. There is another nail place open 24/7 and they are super expensive and my experience there was not that great. However, this place is 5 stars for me!
1	Although I had great service the work wasn't great quality ... my nails came off a week later .... I would never come here again ....
5	My girlfriend took her best friend's wedding party here to get mani/pedis before their bachelorette party. They were a little intimidated at first because it seemed a little sketchy, but once they got in and met the girls they were super happy. The people spent 3 hours doing all of their nails and everybody was very happy with the results. Apparently the manicurists (is that what you call them?) were really fun, nice people to talk to, and the nails still looked good for the wedding the following Friday. All in all, they were really pleased with their experience. Pretty good value, too, even without the discount.
1	Bought 4 groupons for this place for me (the bride and my bridesmaids) Made my appointments over a month early. Thought everything was going to be great. The week before I had my appointment I thought I would call and confirm it since we were coming from out of state and I wanted it to be all set. No one answered and they have a voicemail saying they are closed and under construction. Now I was worried but thought well maybe when we get there in a week they would be open. Got into las vegas and drove to this dumpy and closed down place. No one there and still no answer at the business. I also emailed them on their facebook page and never heard back. They should of called me and told me that they couldnt take our appointments due to construction. Bad business!
5	Love this place!!!
