3	Hey, it's Starbucks... Seems like a decent location although I've only been here once. Kind of medium sized as far as Starbucks locations go.
4	This is the most convenient place for me to grab coffee on my way to work, so I come here a few times a week. The staff at this Starbucks is one of the friendliest in town for sure, and you just feel a positive vibe walking in here. It's also one of the less busy locations (way less busy than the other Squirrel Hill location on Forbes) so the service is usually quick. The drinks are pretty consistent, too.They just remodeled this week, and it looks great. The use of space is much more efficient now and I love all the updated fixtures, other than the cheesy brick wall behind the counter. Well, actually, the chairs are abhorrently ugly and the tables seem excessively low to the ground, but for my on-the-go purposes, the renovation has been a big improvement. The best part is that it looks like they are finally going to have breakfast sandwiches! Although it's painfully obvious that Starbucks needs to step up its game in the food realm, I'm still excited to have a savory food option for when I don't have time to make breakfast at home. As far as Starbucks goes, this is pretty much as good as it gets.
5	Easy to get to, right on the way to anywhere.  Consistently tasty drinks, some other 'bux not so much, but here is like family now :)And the staff is always on point and friendly
4	This is one of my favorite Starbucks to go to. The baristas are friendly and the sitting area is kept nice and clean. Also, I think it has one of the nicest atmospheres in all of the Pittsburgh Starbucks'! I highly recommend!
4	A consistently popular Starbucks with always a lively crowd ordering, conversing, working etc.  It can be hard to find a seat and I have seen a line waiting to order that goes out the door.  They are staffed for it though and everyone moves through quickly.Tiny parking lot that is full more often than not.
4	This is a nice Starbucks location to walk to, as the parking isn't great, and the lines can be long, depending on when you go. But, the baristas are always friendly, and they have never made a mistake on my drink order!Try an espresso machiatto over ice in summertime. Yum!
4	Extremely friendly staff.  Never any grief about jacking wifi. Parking is a bit of a struggle.
4	I come here a lot out of convenience and because I adore most of the people working there. The staff at this Starbucks are a huge perk to coming here. They're just wonderful people. I can't stand the parking situation because people either don't know how to park in a small lot or don't pay attention to the DO NOT ENTER sign and come in through the exit to block everyone else in. Also, getting out the lot sucks too because sometimes you can't see both ways with cars parked on the street. Aside from the lot, I find this Starbucks to be a bit smaller, but I like the layout and I enjoy grabbing coffee or a snack here.
