4	Took us a while to get there, even after plotting it in Android's GPS Google Map.  My guess is the place hasn't been there for a long while?  The number doesn't register.That aside, it's a nice place to visit.  Travis was very friendly, approachable, and still willing to chat with us even after learning that we're not from the area.One suggestion: might want to put a sign by the driveway/entrance.  I missed the turn in and had to go around.I couldn't check in on FB, but glad it's on there now.  Maybe I'll rent a bike next time I'm in Vegas. :)
5	My husband and I each rented a bike for one day of riding out to Hoover Dam and Lake Mead while visiting Vegas.  The staff here could not have been more pleasant and helpful, the bikes were an awesome ride & the scenery beautiful. Worth every penny!
5	Customer service is the best. We bought the bike there 2 years ago and we came from San Diego. We're very satisfied with their service and honesty. Last week on the way to Yellowstone, passing by Las Vegas my bike's coolant got overflow and we stopped by the dealer. They fixed it and cleaned up my bike without any charge. Highly recommended.
5	I have also had a 5-star experience with this dealership.  They helped me out with what I needed to trailer my k1600, and even stayed open an extra 30 minutes so I could pick things up.I' m a forever customer!  Thank you for your service.
1	Recently went to Las Vegas on a business trip. I don't get much time to shop when I'm home so I utilize my "off" time from continuing ed, business trips to do my shopping. I have been to this particular BMW dealership twice now. Last year I was looking for some riding gear but got to the store a bit late In the afternoon, The employees that day didn't give me the time of day, I guess they were wanting to get closed up 45 minutes early.Trip #2...... Went right after they opened on a Friday.  Was interested in new riding gear and the new garmin for my bike. There were four workers outside helping a customer rent a bike and two young girls inside. Honestly, the two girls were more interested in doing whatever they were doing on their computers than helping me find my size.  I can't tell you if anyone is knowledgable about bikes and gear in their store because they have the worst customer services I have ever encountered. I will NOT being going back to the dealership next year.
1	I had a pair of Rallye pants sent to me from a shop on the east coast. They didn't fit. I wanted to exchange them for a larger size here locally in order to have them for a trip this thanksgiving, instead of mailing them back to the east coast and waiting three weeks for that shop to get the new pair to me. Las Vegas BMW would not exchange them even though all tags are on and in original box...citing they were an independent dealer and didn't do that. I called Long Beach BMW and they said they would do it no problem and put two sizes on hold for me until I can make it down. Although I can make it to Vegas in 1.5 hours, I will drive the 3.5 to do all business with Long Beach. Customer service goes a long way. Vegas would have made a killing off me with scheduled services, tires, merch, etc if they had treated me right. Re-look your policy.
4	I find myself getting the best motorcycle services 6-8 hours away from my home.  BMW Moto of LV is another one of the fantastic BMW dealerships in the SW. My folks live in Vegas, so I when I am in town, I drop in to see what is going on.I love this dealership for many reasons:1. They have sooooo many bikes and variants of each model.  You are always welcome to throw a leg over one too without being pestered.2. They have a stocked parts department AND a great accessories selection.  When you love a brand and your bike so much, it is nice to find goodies for the bike or yourself.3. The staff are ALWAYS friendly. This group of guys will talk with you: about their experiences and about your experiences.  They are also more than happy to share about how they have tricked out their GS motorcycles and make recommendations for what I could do.  Sometimes the recommendation is BMW and sometimes it is another brand ... whatever is the best item for the job at hand.  I trust that.Being in a motorcycle store that is friendly, without pressure, no pretense, and just a place that is fun to be in (versus having you run screaming for the door or feeling like you interrupted someone's day) is the kind of thing our motoculture needs.
5	I'm from the Bay Area and was on a weeklong trip. On my way out of Death Valley I had only planned on passing through Vegas. However, I blew a fork seal on my R1100S and it was pretty bad. I rolled into the service center Friday afternoon around 3pm. These guys rock! They did everything they could to help me out. I had brand new fork seals on both forks by 5:30pm. Both the tech and service writer were very friendly and helpful.I walked around the dealership and looked around while I waited, it's a pretty nice dealership! The cost of labor and parts was very competitive. For those of you who complain about the price... it is not THAT bad! It's also not a Hyosung! What? You think an oil change is gonna cost you $20?! You get quality parts, service and product. In my opinion it is well worth it! If I was local, I'd service my BMW at this facility any time!
5	This is a great dealership. I had very good experience when returning from a trip to Utah, my bike broke down and was towed to this dealer ship. Major repairs were done on my bike.The staff, management, and technicians were very knowledgeable, professional and  care about customer.I highly recommend this dealership, even if you have to go out of your way.
