4	If you need anything for fighting,training or casual OTM has it or gets it quick. I like to support this shop because I used to roll with scotty and he seemed like a real cool stand up guy. I support local when possible.
5	Best fight shop in town. I got my gi there and they have a great selection. All the employees know what they are talking about. Have everything from gi's to rash guards, all the Mits and pads that you need. Overall great store for anything mma.
5	Amazing store! Great prices, friendly knowledgeable staff! Can't go wrong with getting your gear from here.
5	OTM kicks ass, i totally go there all the time to buy my favorite fighter gear and just to check out all their cool stuff. The staff is always friendly, and super helpful. Thanks OTM!!
5	Awesome store. The staffs really helpful. I recommend OTM for all your fight needs.
5	I was browsing different sports shop to find a headgear but nothing seems to be what I wanted.  Luckily, my good buddy referred me to OTM fight shop.  I am so glad he did.  Here are the highlights.1.) Staff was great.  She is friendly and knowledgeable.  She helped me find the right headgear that is light and comfy for me.  Not only that, she noticed that I was rockin' in my Yelp Elite watch.  I love her already!  Then we went on to talk about yelp and how to become an elite...the best conversation of the day.  She rocks big time in my book.2.) Check in to yelp, you get 15% off or a handwrap.  How awesome is that!  Because my headgear cost 80 bucks, I chose the 15%.  Yep, that's the Asian in me calculating for the better deal.  3.) Variety of boxing/mma gear, as compared to any other fight shop that I've seen.I will definitely come back to OTM for my fighting gear.  Highly recommend!
3	It didn't have as much as the Fight Shop in the Miracle Mile shopping mall but I took advantage of the free DVD you get when you check in with yelp. A little pricey as well but all that stuff is anyway. The guy that was helping me out was cool and not some douchebag who "knows everything". You could probably get it cheaper online but you never know how things are going to fit. I picked up some fight shorts and a cup with the compression short combo. Works like a charm.
5	Best selection and lowest prices in Vegas.
5	Great selection and super helpful!
4	Great selection. Military discount. Be aware of return policy. Sales guy was great the first time I was in there shopping for my younger son. Most recent trip, the fellow helping me wasn't. Had to come back and exchange older son's Gi after BJJ instructor saw it and said it was too small.
5	I just started training Muay Thai. So I went in to get all the gear my girlfriend & I needed. I didn't know all the lingo but they never talked down to me. They were very helpful & had fun in the process. After all that, the guy who rang me up (a big African-American lad) even carried my 100lb heavy bag to my truck. Great place.
5	Great place for gear and training equipment. If they dont have it they will order it and they dont hassel u. I like that alot. No pressure or attitude here. Very helpful group and a good selection of different types of gear. Will definetly be back to reup on gear soon. Need a new gi soon so ill see u guys in a few weeks
5	OTM Fight Shop is heads down the best place to buy BJJ,MMA, Muay Thai, boxing, and Wrestling equipment in Las Vegas!
4	I like this shop. I used to shop at the one in corona California and once I moved to Vegas I switched to this location.  very close to my house and convenient.
5	Everything you need is here! The girls are really nice and help you with anything. We came in to get my 4 year old son a Gi and they had a few colors to choose from, of corse we walked out with more things then we actually can in for. But overall we're happy with everything!
5	Everything you need from MMA to boxing and BJJ!!! The staff is knowledgable and super helpful! The merchandise selection is always being changed to keep up with the demand for new styles and brands. This means that OTM is damn near a weekly stop for me. OTM is the one place where the pros, amateurs and average joe can shop. Great prices and awesome selection. Highly recommend to everyone!
4	Taylor is outstanding and a great asset to OTM. I called this morning looking for lil' kid sized BJJ belts, she knew the sizes off the top of her head, and she was very friendly.We popped in this afternoon top pick up white belts for our 1 and 3 year old. Taylor was working and in person she was very welcoming, knowledgeable and took the time to answer all of our questions that we had pertaining to different gi manufacturers and sizing.She also took the time to explain their rewards program, how it works and the fact that they can send my receipt via email rather than a paper one, which I appreciate.We ended up getting white belts for our little guys and were very happy with our experience. Taylor should be commended for her positive attitude, friendly demeanor and for having a sound knowledge of the products OTM sells.My only small complaint would be that they don't carry tall sizes in their gis in the store. Outside of that I'd definitely recommend checking them out.
1	I am standing in front of the store. Doors are locked. No one here or answering phone. Posted YELP hours say they were suppose to be open over an hour ago. Drove all the way from Henderson with my friends to buy gis? Etc. very frustrating. Won't be back and will spread the word to our dojo communities.
