4	This carls jr is on the corner of tropicana & mtn.vista...the dining area is huge...I come here for lunch sometimes,and get the dbl.western bacon cheese burger...I give this one 4 stars
5	I'd admit, I've never tried Carl's Jr before since there aren't any around where I'm from in New York City. So if this Carl Jr. is exceptional, I wouldn't have known. But what i can say is this joint was absolutely great. The lady behind the counter was very accommodating and pass by my table a few times if everything was alright. Which is very odd for a fast food joint (especially in nyc). I've order the Guacamole Burger and my friend ordered the Teriyaki Burger. My burger had the options to upgrade for the burger to be double meat patty or the angus meat patty. So i chose to upgrade it to an angus beef patty which was great and delish. I like the burger being charcoal and the guacamole made the burger moist and creamy. I have to say the sauce in my burger was awesome. No condiments (ketchup) needed. Great place for a quick bite.
4	Oops!  I goofed.My previous review was for the Carl's Jr. at 3225 E. Tropicana (Tropicana near Pecos) and NOT the restaurant at 4606 E. Tropicana (Tropicana and Mtn. Vista).  My apologies for the error.
2	Green Burrito always closes at night and as for Carl's Jr. side every time I have been there they are always out of a promo or just other items. I have given up.
5	All about that grilled cod sandwich!!  Nice alternative to all the battered fried fish sandwiches available from the vast majority of fast food spots.  Fish sandwich is good and sauce is light, perfect for a quick lunch meal between classes.  Dining space in this Carl's is huge but I never really utilize it.. more of a grab and go kind of guy.  Fast service and nice attitude, can't really complain.
3	Didn't have the best experience. I was getting my tires fixed at the pepboys nearby. I wanted breakfast and I understand that some places have a time cut off... But when I asked the employee he didn't seem to know if it was still being served so he followed up with what it seemed like was management. The manager yells "no- no more breakfast. No breakfast until tomorrow"I understand - I needed to pick something else. The employee helps a guest at the drive through and I'm assuming the gentleman wanted breakfast. Manager yells again (he has on a headset) to the employee NO BREAKFAST. Breakfast until tomorrow. Unprofessional. The employee did a good job and that's why it's a 3/5 not 2.
5	What can I say....I love Carl's Juniors low carb burgers.  A more healthy fast food option minus the bread.  I normally stop here on the way home from work and this restaurant is always fast and efficient.  It's kinda hard to mess up a low carb sandwich....just don't add the bum lol.  Tonight  eating inside the restaurant and it's clean inside and they have some good music playing.  One of the employees did stop by to ask if everything is ok.  I barked out with a mouth full of burger....Of course it is.  I would have been more upset it she had messed up my rhythm of chews that I have down to a science when eating low carb.  Definetly check it out for a quick meal.
