3	i hesitated to eat at this establishment inside the pump-n-munch for a few reasons, not the least being that it touts it's 'gangster style.' what the hell does that even mean? they have tiny toons characters on their menu. how gangster is that?not to mention the fact that the exterior of the gas station is adorned with about 500 obnoxious banners announcing such delicacies as the 'gangster fries.' oh. and also because it's inside a gas station the size of a shoebox.but rocket burger and subs was closed when i finally got around to eating. which is fine, since those guys probably spend 80 hours a week bringing us quality food and myriad of exotic sodas, they deserve to go home at a reasonable hour.that said, i had the gangster fries at eat this! sure, i felt ridiculous ordering it. but i enjoyed it. crinkle-cut fries, gyro meat and nacho cheese. the gyro meat was freshly carved and very flavorful. their menu is pretty small and standard, with burgers, chicken fingers and the like. but it's better food that one would normally find at a gas station. and probably a viable option if the rocket burger boys have closed up shop for the night.also. you need to read ryan. c.'s review of said shoebox gas station. it is hilarious: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pump-n-munch-phoenix
1	Well, I wanted to try a sandwich here but ended up getting here just after the deli closed. I was going to buy a drink and pick up a to-go menu but that didn't work out either. Turns out this place RIPS YOU OFF for using your debit or credit card. It's a 50 cent charge for using plastic. I will not be coming back to this place ever because of this. Just a warning to everyone who wants to eat here or even buy gas or anything else. Be prepared to cough up an extra 50 cents if you use plastic. Right across the street is an excellent sub place, "Rocket burger and subs" so go there instead.
5	Go there! You'll be surprised how good the food is at Eat This! This is also a family-owned business, which is good for Arizona. Support local businesses. Say hi to Sam, the owner, and try the Greek salad and gangster fries in new deli.
4	A diamond in the rough!I can understand that some people might be turned off by the fact that it's in a gas station, and the ordering system is a bit unorthodox, but if you're adventurous about your food it should be a non-issue.Bottom-line, if you're looking for a DELICIOUS, HUGE, and CHEAP gyro combo, look no further.  A must try!
3	Not a bad little lunch spot.  I used a groupon that I scored for free for $20 of food. Yes its in a gas station, and the gas station is small.  This should tell you that you are probably going to take it go unless you want to sit out side at the picnic table and watch people pump gas while you eat, I think me not.  Ordering is pretty simple, and the food is cheap and pretty tasty.  King Gryos is still my fave in the area and is the one to beat.  Basically its like they are subletting a space in the gas station.  Its a greek greasy spoon.  If you need some quick greek or grill take out like gyros give it a try.  If you feel the need to park your can to get the restaurant feel during lunch, this may provide you some nice redneck entertainment if thats what you are into.
4	I really don't understand the negative reviews on this place....Yes it is in a gas station and Yes it is a greasy spoon type place. That being said, this is not your typical am/pm type junk. Let me state that the service here is ridiculously good, I believe the guys name is Steve at the 35th and union hills location, This guy deserves a raise, I have been in the restaurant biz for years and let me tell you this guy knows what he is doing, he is fast, professional, and extremely friendly. As a new customer to Eat This!, he went over the menu and gave me a togo menu as well, on this visit, i got the ganster fries. These Ganster fries are off the hook, a more than ample portion of fries, slathered with delcious cheese sauce and topped with a heap of gyro meat. If you are into cheese fries, I urge you to give these a try! I will be a returning customer and am excited to try the fish and chips. Overall: Amazing Service, Great Food quality and cheap pricesI will be BACK!!!
5	Very fresh ingredients, call ahead and it'll be ready when you pick it up.  Friendly cook and awesome gyros!!!  Would not expect that from a deli inside a convenience store, but don't judge a book by its cover!  Heard they've opened a new location at Union Hills & 35th Ave. Def gotta check that out now!
3	I truly feel that this place is clean and sanitary.  When they first opened they had great portions and great prices.  Now that they are somewhat established they have raised the prices and the portions have gotten smaller.  This makes me less likely to order their anymore.  I really wish that they would re-think their prices because at the end of the day this place is still inside a gas station.
5	This place serves really good food, especially if you are on the go... I go to ASU west and I always pass by when I'm around the area.   Although there is limited seating inside, the price and quality of the food makes up for it.  Make sure to try the philly cheese steak and chicken tenders... Amazing!
