4	Well, this was a pleasant surprise, passed by many times, but thought I would never be able to order anything as this is VERY Chinese. Customers almost EXCLUSIVELYChinese, place has a "home away from home" feel. There are menus written on the wall in the language, but not to worry, the waitress will bring you an  English / French menu and the dishes are very  good indeed, although mainly Szewan (?)and spicy.  Have some patience as the place is very busy and  the waitress  might take some time before getting to you and cleaning your table, which the previous diners have just vacated.   Once you've placed your order, your food starts appearing at your table very quickly and the prices are reasonable. This is a place I'll DEFINITELY be checking out again.
3	Closed, now a Korean restaurant.
3	The food is great and the spicy shrimp taste good,but the service is terrible! I've never seen such a waitress in my life!
3	The place reopened last summer about two minutes away from its old location. The first floor is for the stir-fry and they now offer all-you-can-eat hot pots on the second floor. My review will be solely on the hot pot as I have yet to try their stir-fry dishes.The place is much smaller than the Little Sheep located in downtown and Brossard, and they offer fewer varieties for vegetable, tofu, and other stuffs for hot pots. They do not have a soda fountain, and they provide 2L soda bottles instead (free of charge). It is much smaller in scale comparing to Little Sheep, and thus less choices and slightly poorer dining experience.The service was quite nice, I've heard friends complaining about it but I really liked it during my last visit. One of the waitress was very outgoing, chatty, and very enthusiastic.The lamb slices were very mediocre, they broke into little pieces when put into the hot pot. The beef slices were, however, fantastic. They were beautifully marbled with fat, and had a wonderful taste with a tender texture.The hot pot bases were actually dishes, there were several to choose from: spicy shrimp, duck heads, vegetarian, or pork bone soup. When the dishes are finished, stock is added to the spices that were left from the dishes and brought to a boil. I liked the idea, and the duck heads tasted wonderfully cooked.The place is significantly more pricier than any other hot pot restaurants I have been to, about 35$ per person with tips and taxes included. I did not like how the cashier nonchalantly punched in the 15% "service charge" without asking me first, the amount of tips is a personal preference according to the service and should never be an obligation.
