1	Dear US Airways,YOU SUCK!  If I could give you 0 stars, I would.  I only chose your airline from Expedia because it was the cheapest one which brought me from Las Vegas to San Francisco.First off, my flight from LAS to SFO on March 7, 2010 was delayed 2 hours.  Upon arriving to your A5 gate, your screens which usually tell your flight number and departure time was not working.  What does a person do to find out the departure time?  Ask a representative!  Her response was "uhh...whenever the plane gets here, the people deboard, we clean and then everyone gets on".  Ummm...really?  It doesn't take a rocket scientist to find that out!  Your customer service SUCKS!  I purposely don't check in luggage if I'm gone only a couple of days because you are not Southwest, you are not free.  Apparently, they announce that we're on a smaller plane and the plane cannot accommodate roller luggage, but we can leave them on at the gate and they will check in the luggage at no charge.  Instead of picking up our luggage at the carousels once we got back to SFO, we had to wait in the FREEZING tunnel area once we got off the plane.Your tiny plane (a row of two seats on each side) is very unaccommodating.  The lady who sat next to me was not fat, yet her elbow constantly kept going into the side of my arms because we have to sit on the plane like sardines.  You seats are horribly hard and I think I feel the support bar, please upgrade your cushions.We were served one drink.  No prezels.  No peanuts.  You want food? You need to buy it.  US Airways, unless you pay me to ride on another one of your aircrafts, I will not be flying with you again.  I'd rather pay $20-30 extra and sit in comfort on another airline.
2	Our flight was canceled because the airline failed in replacing the pilot. The pilot who was supposed to fill in to fly our flight refused to do so. It shows how poorly the airline manages the resource. The pilots must be pushed to work to their limit so that they cannot take another flight. Also they canceled the flight after they delayed it for 2 and half hours. When we were handled for an over-night accommodation, there was only a person at the ticket counter to re-book our flights and accommodations. They eventually added more people to help the process, but it took a looooooooooooooong time for us to get out of the airport. Then we were sent to a cheap and uncomfortable motel.The next morning, we found we had been re-booked to the same canceled flight of the previous day. I don't know how their computer system allows the employee to be able to do something like it.We were told there was a good chance to get on to the next morning flight. We went back to the airport only to find it was not true. Then they re-booked us to different flights, which we found out for ourselves. Finally they sent us to United and everything started to work out.I added a star because I try to think positively that we had a few extra hours to see more in LV after we went through all of this incident.
1	I have had the displeasure of dealing with US Airways for the past week. On May 2nd I flew with them and ended up having to check some things that I was not planning on. After a layover in Phoenix I reached my destination of Las Vegas where I discovered that my laptop, a bottle of vodka, as well as a few pairs of my underwear- were all taken.Of course, these are all things that the airline will not cover, but the baggage claim woman had me file complaints anyway. She was incredibly helpful and sorry- I wish I had remembered her name. In the beginning we had thought it was TSA- as they had opened my bag and left a love note in it telling me so.  TSA actually viewed the security tapes so that they could clear them selves.US Airways refuses. They keep trying to put the blame on everyone else, saying everything from their baggage handlers are outsourced, to it could have been someone just in the airport. Really?With all that's been going on with airport security, DO NOT TELL ME THAT THESE PEOPLE AREN'T UNDER SOME SORT OF SURVEILLANCE. Also, all their call centers are outsourced, so while thats not really the issue they cant really give you any other information unless it pops up on their computer screen. At one point one of them even told me that my items had been located- which was obviously not the case.Never fly with these people. Besides the fact that my stuff got stolen they charge for almost everything when you fly, and we never actually encountered a friendly worker on the plane.
2	I know that most airline reviews are usually negative, but US Airways don't even try to improve their service. I choose them because they were the cheapest price between Las Vegas and San Francisco. From now on I will pay the extra $20 dollars. We got to our gate with plenty of time and the representative told us the plane was going to arrive early. With 5 minutes before we were supposed to take off the plane had still not arrived. It took another 30 minutes for people to get off the plane and then another 30 minutes to board the plane. The reason for this is that the plane is tiny and they can't even accommodate carry-on's. The problem: they don't tell you this til your boarding. With one representative tagging each bag. When we get off the plane they just dump all the bags in the tunnel and its a free for all. Completely unorganized. Not worth the cheaper flight. Also no room on board and pissy flight attendants. I
1	Was supposed to be taking a 230 connecting flight to Philly. Pushed back to 3pm with no apparent explanation. As I'm sitting waiting for my flight, the next gate over (Nevada to North Carolina)  the attendants ask for 18 volunteers to take a next flight due to capacity & plane weight issues. I think what she meant to say is that they overbooked the flight by 18 people. I wouldn't advise anyone to book with US Airways at this point in time.Got on the plane from Nevada to Philly which was indeed a half an hour late. We landed in Philly to catch the connecting flight. Plane was late & took a additional 15 mins to open the door to the plane so passengers can exit. Needless to say I missed my connecting flight to NY. The airline staff provided vouchers for a hotel & a next day flight upon plane exit. Tried to see if I could get my checked bags so I could possibly go to NY on my own being that it's only 2hrs away and I didn't want to stay in Philly. Was informed by staff that they didn't have enough man power or staff to release passengers bags. So the only way to retrieve bags would be to take the flight in the morning or drive and go to the LGA to pick 'em in the morning. Not Cool. Ended up staying the night in Philly.Not the worst airline experience I've heard of, bur definitely my  worst airline experience.
1	Horrible horrible airline. The plane on my return flight could not even fit my carry-on in the overhead luggage compartment. The airline failed to inform me of this before hand. During the flight, the flight attendant managed to skip my row when serving refreshments. I only recommend this airline for quick, cheap, last minute flights.
1	This airline is horrible. I made a trip to Mexico and was charged 25 usd for 1 bag. The airline staff told me that only "international flights" were not charged this fee and that mine  WASN'T international because you have to travel "through oceans". WTFI asked them if I woud had to pay the fee if travelled to Patagonia, Argentina. I got the same lame response. For US Airways every flight is "domestic" within the hemisphere.
1	I flew with us airways about three times in the last few months b/c they were the cheapest at the time. I have to say that my first experience with them was the worst but i caved in on the prices. I've flown american, delta, sw, alaska, jetblue, virgin, ...and more that i cannot remember. Yes i get to my destinations alive, but hours later and feeling awful. Every single flight, including the connecting ones have been delayed without fail. Sometimes they are rude to sometimes, sometimes they ignore you, and sometimes they just keep lying to you about when you're taking off. Don't expect an apology whether you are super sweet or boisterously angry. And if you need their help, yiu might have to ask a couple ppl at the counter before one of them does anything for you. I finally swore them off and I am so happy to fly with other airlines again. Sometimes aa or other airlines come much cheaper, so look really hard to steer clear of US.Oh one more thing, the space(seats and aisles) is smaller than all the others as well (except maybe spirit).Whew! And done. GL flying!
1	The staff of US Airways based in the McCarren Airport was very rude..I've enjoyed US Airways to/from other airports, but I will not fly with them through Las Vegas from now on.
4	I flew with US Airways from Vegas to LA.  Flight took off on time and arrived on time.  It was smooth and I had no problems at all.  Only issue I would mention is the $25 bag fee, but you get that with most airlines anyway nowadays.
2	For the long flight to and from Philly, I've taken US Airways twice now.  Neither time was I impressed.Was it the cheapest option: yes.  And that's how 90% of us purchase tickets, so I doubt the things we complain about will really improve.Somehow on US Air, the seats feel even narrower than the competition despite the fact they fly the same 737s and A319s in the same configuration. But, I had no problem with finding overhead space, which is rare nowadays, so that earns them a bump.No seatback TVs is a downer on a cross-country flights, no TVs of any kind was a bit surprising (though a relief: if I can't control it, I hate having something running in the background).They ran out of food before reaching all the way in the back (though prices were better than the airport to be fair).  But the attendants were helpful, professional, and did a second round of drinks.Will I fly them again?  Probably, but if there's a flight on United or better for an extra $30 I'd probably take that.
1	This was my first time flying US Airways ever....and trust me, that was my last time. Let me tell you why...After a night of partying and getting up extra early to return our rental car and get through security on time, we finally arrive at the airport around 10am. We're relaxing...drinking Starbucks and buying souvenirs until I realized on the Departures List that our flight is delayed by 20 minutes. Not too bad right?? I grab my friend and advise her that we need to get through security just in case!We float through security and we reach the assigned gate...and we stop in our tracks! Theres already 50 people in line at the gate! A passenger walks by and says that they're sending people to another gate so I follow him while my friend waits in line. As soon as we get to the gate on the other side of the terminal, a US Airways rep in a thick Spanish accent yells "I can't help you guys. I don't even know why they are sending everyone to my gate. I have to worry about my own flight!!" We all stare at her with our Deer in Headlights look...seriously?? Was she just yelling at us? Shouldnt we be the ones upset?I walk away from that gate and I try the next gate to at least get some information about our flight. Another US Airways rep was able to tell me that our plane was stuck in Phoenix due to mechanical problems. Ok well...I walk back to our gate, I inform the passengers around me, and I stick a dollar into a nearby slot machine. And I win $5! Yayyy! Let me tell you...thats the only good thing that happens to me on this day.We waited in line for another 30 minutes and the guy behind me suggests that I contact US Airways on my cellphone while in line. I call and Gia was very helpful. She was able to find my friend and I another flight before we even reached the desk at our gate. After another 1 and 1/2 of waiting, the only thing I needed to do was get my new boarding passes and my $5 meal voucher. Yes, you read it right folks! $5 meal voucher!  I feel like a valuable customer now:).Then, I had about 15 minutes to grab the blandest sandwich in the world that set me back $10...OOOooo I'm sorry with my meal voucher it was $5. :) And then I had to run to catch my flight! And remember that US Airways rep with the thick Spanish accent, yeah....that *****, I gave her the biggest smile as she checked my NEW boarding pass and gate checked my bag for FREE!! Needless to say, 1st and last experience with US Airways!
1	Hate this airline.
3	I have to give US Airways 3 stars for this trip.  On some others, it would have been a negative rating.The two flights--one from Las Vegas to Philadelphia and the other from Philadelphia to Wilkes-Barre--Scranton were both on time.Service was pleasant.  We flew first class on the LAS to PHL leg and that certainly makes a big difference.  Lunch was actually quite good and the chocolate cake dessert was rich and tasty.OK, US Airways, keep the rating going with my return flight--I dare you!
3	Flew round trip between PHL and Las Vegas on US Airways.Flight to Vegas was on time but the flight going back to PHL was delayed by about a half hour. Did not affect me much but others with connecting flights were pulling their hair out. Both flights were overbooked (hate when they do that).By the time we got to board both flights of our trip the overhead compartments were FULL so we had to check our carryon luggage. Thankfully there was no charge. Our actual checked bags on the other hand were 25 bucks a bag because we booked last January. I think it's even more now. At least in Vegas they asked ahead of time if we wanted to check our carryons for free well in advance of boarding. In PHL we were almost on the plane when they yanked our carryons away from us. I like non-stop flights and US Airways seems to have them at the best times to fly. Would have liked to upgrade to first class but they have such a limited number on their Airbus planes. Like 4 rows? 16 seats? come on.Ended up buying a fruit and cheese platter on the flight. Fresh yes but not even close to being worth 8 bucks.
4	Airline travel is a crapshoot.  I've flown every US based airline and they all pretty much have the same issues.  US Airways out of PHL is fantastic as far as schedules and the airport is pretty nice.  Customer service in the airport and on the aircrafts are also like playing lotto.  But then again, this goes for everyone else in the business.  There's a certain airline that loads their passengers like cattle and you couldn't pay me to fly them, yet while everyone applauds them, I've been treated very shabbily every time I've had to use their services.I'll stick to US Airways and their convenient flights and prices.
4	Nothing fancy or memorable about flying with them, but they do get me to where I need to go.
3	This was my first experience traveling with US Airways. We traveled with them on our recent trip to the Dominican Republic with a stopover in Charlotte, NC on each way. I did find them to be a bit more bare bones than I'm accustomed to. No TVs and no meals (unless purchased through the flight attendants, although they really encourage you to bring your own food). They also charge for checked baggage. I know most domestic flights do nowadays, but it's becoming more and more annoying.The loading process was not very efficient. This part always seemed to take a lot longer than I'm used to, even when boarding large international flight I have never seen the boarding process this slow. Definitely not one of my favorite airlines I have traveled with thus far.
3	Hmm... yeah 3 stars is correct. Once again I procrastinated too long and had to settle with a last min Hotwire deal from Las Vegas to Charlotte, NC, and again from Charlotte, NC to Baltimore, MD. The check-in here in Vegas was pretty easy. All I had to do was go to a little kiosk and enter my confirmation number. Once I did this, I attempted to change our seating arrangement. We booked our flights together and still got seated 6 rows apart. So I changed them and noticed it was going to be a fee of $68 dollars each. Heck, it was only $75 to upgrade to 1st class. I can't make sense of this. We kept our seats and headed to the gate. After boarding the plane and being seated I became more comfortable, probably because I was so tired and the seats gave me decent leg room. I stand near 6'1" so this worked out fine. I didn't stay awake much so I can't comment on what was offered food and drink wise. However I did see the flight crew carrying cans of soda and iced tea before dozing off.. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Fast forward to my flight from Charlotte, NC to Baltimore, MD. We boarded on time after our lay over and I felt more awake after my morning meal. Once inside the plane I noticed the seats were not the same, bummer. My next concern was leg room. It was about the same just less cushion in the seat. At this point I was thankful enough I only had 1 more hour in the air until my destination. This time around I made it to the drinks. I ordered a water and that was just what i needed to nap the rest of the way. Overall it was an OK experience.
1	My experience was the worst experience I have ever had.  I booked a one way ticket with U.S. Airways through your website. And when I got to the airport i received bad customer service and was told that they were short staff and couldn't help me get my bags to the plane i was on in time. I arrived at the airport in enough time, and even rightly so if they couldn't check my bags they should have made a way for me to take my bags with me. I never received the customer service i received from them before with any other airline in all my travels. I was outraged and they only thing the customer service rep did was change me to a later flight which didn't help me because that was leaving 8 hrs later than my original flight. I will no longer go through U.S. Airways ever again and probably won't book a trip through your website based on my experience. I ended up having to pay for another flight on a different airline and when i told U.S airways that she then proceeded to tell me i was unable to even get back all my money i spent on that ticket to use towards another flight in the future, which just made matters worst. I was very upset at that point and felt like i was taken advantage of. So, not only did i miss my flight and received horrible customer service, but i was also told there wasn't anything they could do to help. This was very unacceptable and I will be writing up a few emails to different travel sites based on my experience.
4	Thank you, US Airways! I was able to fly standby on an almost-full flight and the lady at the counter only charged me $50.  I say only, because when I called to inquire about standby, I was informed I would have to purchase another ticket.  My spidey-sense told me that was incorrect, so I took a chance and went to the airport in time for the flight I desired and BAM! I was in business!!
1	If you have children DO NOT FLY ON US Air.  Period.  LAX to Philadelphia (5 hours) on a plane with three small kids and no TV. NO TV?  What?  The flight attendant said, "Yeah...they took them out awhile back...costs...and these days everyone has their own personal device"  (That DIE cause there aren no plugs)Sorry.  I could have flown virgin america - personal TV at every seat! for 30$ more per person.  I'd have paid $100 per person just so my kids would not jump, scream, yell or annoy other passengers.  They were so bored.  As were other passengers and flight attendants who had nothing to do either!At one point a flight attendant got on the intercom and yelled, "Will the child in Row 7B sit down!"  That was my kid - trying to turn on the air (cause it was stuffy and I refused to get up for the 80th time!).  It was horrid.  Worst part, my father-in-law had died so in a couple days I had to book tix to fly for whole family....... I paid $985 per seat to fly on a plane with NO TV's.Ugh.
5	Always good service when I have needed it. Tsa flows better than most. Snack shoppes around gates are good.
1	Rude, disgusting service, Ive over 250,000 miles with American. Never flying usairways again.
2	I've only ever flown usair a few times over the many years and was never really fond of them. My company booked this airline for my trip and I didn't have much of a choice.  Thankfully it was a very short trip. (las vegas to phoenix to yuma arizona)  The airlines is VERY barebones, worse then a low cost airline. They have no monitors on their planes, no entertainment or anything, their gates are always at the very end of the concourse.  When heading home from phx to las  the speaker was too soft in the gate area and people were all gathering around trying to board and the agent was having a hard time controlling the crowd because no one knew what zone they were boarding because we couldn't hear anything.  I have never had a desire to fly usair and I still don't.  Hell they are so cheap and so out of date they haven't even updated a few planes and logos and partnerships that STILL show america west airlines (which was a very very good company) and they were bought out in 2005 It doesn't take 8 years to update your stuff.
1	I remind myself that USAIR may soon be American, and that's a scary thought.  I've now had three "bad" experiences on USAIR and that's three too many, while American doesn't stick out in my mind for the quality of service. Two experiences on USAIR were pretty egregious, so I should have known that anything is possible, but they had the only convenient flight from KCI to Las Vegas and Phoenix is not a bad place to change planes during the winter. Flying out of the run down looking Terminal 1 in Las Vegas -- and USAIR's are always the farthest from the security lanes --  was a bad start to an otherwise unenjoyable trip on USAIR.  Once on board it was no better, with no video monitors and no beverage service.There are alternatives still, and in the future I'll definite consider those instead.  Most recently I discovered that being Silver on United Airlines, entitles me to no perks or preferences when flying on USAIR other than the allowed one checked bag (which I rarely if never use). If I were Silver on USAIR or had a MasterCard or was traveling with a 2 year old yes, but being a frequent flyer on another Star Alliance Member airline wasn't worth very much.  I do like the upgrades available -- for a price -- and First Class travel on USAIR can be pretty luxe.  But as long as I'm a loyal United flyer I'll stick with United when I can.
1	DO NOT FLY WITH US AIRWAYS!US Airways Flight 4427Philadelphia to BaltimoreAugust 8th, 2013Flight CancelledI was not late to my flight, I did not miss the date, I did everything correct. It was -your- airline that created the entire problem by overbooking all flights that came after our cancelled flight that day. The only resolution offered to us that would fly us directly to Baltimore would have been to take a flight leaving -11 HOURS- (9pm) after our originally scheduled flight (11am). That is not acceptable.This was the answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"When a customer accepts accommodations to an alternate airport, the customer assumes responsibility for the additional expenses."To note here, we did not "assume" the extra expenses. We were given no other choice if we wanted to reach Baltimore in time. We accepted a flight to DC because it was our only alternative that would get us close enough to take public transportation to Baltimore, and to meet our deadline.I did ask if we could be provided a rental car so we could drive ourselves from Philadelphia, and that request was immediately denied. As it was, we had to spend our own money for all public transportation from DC to Baltimore so we could meet our group waiting for us in time. This is also not acceptable. It took us FOUR trains to get from DC to Baltimore in unfamiliar territory. Why should this cost be on us?This was a second answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"There are no federal aviation regulations concerning what an airline must do to compensate passengers when the carrier delays or cancels a flight. This is true regardless of the reason for the delay/cancellation (e.g., weather, mechanical, crew availability, etc.)."So basically because it is not ILLEGAL, they are not required to help their customers in any way. Beware if you are flying US Airways in the future, I would consider otherwise. I have flown on other airlines and I have always either been provided a hotel, food, direct compensation for a future flight or alternate transportation to my exact destination at no cost to myself.Keeping the money we paid for services you did not deliver upon is considered theft. Your airline is a poor excuse for a business, and we will never fly with you again.Sincerely,Anne K.
1	I honestly hate this airport. It's simple, that's cool, but all in all I've never had a good flight experience here.TSA is... Well, TSA. And there are always too few isles open and a bunch of people.The terminals invest more money in slot machines than they do in good food choices and the Starbucks isn't 24 hours.... Smh. Just a bad airport.
1	I made reservations for a 30th anniversary trip for my husband and  me, and this airline has one of us in row 5 and the other in row 15!!!!  I called the airline, and the snooty agent said, "We don't have two seats together.  It's only a 40 minute flight.  I'd be more concerned about the other flights on your trip."  REALLY?????  With ALL the airlines out there, you'd think they would accommodate us!  What a lousy, miserable attitude!  I wish I had seen that they only have a 2 star rating.  I never would have booked with this airline!  This will be the last time on US Airways!
3	Booked my American Airlines flight with my American Airlines credit card. For that I was supposed to have 1 free checked bag and group 1 boarding. Apparently when it's in the customer's favor the "they haven't actually merged yet with American Airlines". I was informed that since this flight was a US Airways flight I would be charged $25 to check my bag and placed in group 5 boarding. .Some positives: All of their flights left on time, the flight attendants were nice (yes, that's unusual when flying American Airlines), and they did not lose my luggage.
1	Never in my life have I see such an unprofessional group of people. U.S Airways is absolutely terrible. I spoke with several supervisors Cathy employee identification number 3F and also Vivian ZQ. Both of which I believe gave me the wrong codes but whatever. US Airways is a poor choice to fly with. I also recorded the phone conversation and will be sending to their corporate office! Way to go Vivian. These people refused to help me, told me I was wrong, ridiculed me, mocked, and told me I didn't make sense. They lied to me and told me I was able to get a new ticket and now I am stuck. Jus so you all know, do not fly with US Airways! You will regret it tremendously!
1	I checked in for my flight yesterday online and thought everything was good to go. I arrived at the airport 90 minutes before my flight where I waited until boarding began. When it was finally mt turn, me and my husband were told our seats did not exist on this flight. Your attendants were taking volunteers to take a later flight and giving them compensation for missing their original flight. We were told there was no room for us and we would have to go on a different air line. We lost half a day of my husbands military leave having to wait on a new flight. The best part is, when I spoke with a manager and told her that we would not be flying with their airline again, she simply responded with, "Good". If you want to be treated like crap, go ahead and fly with them. If I could put a -5 star review I would.
1	There is a fee for everything! Any seat you might not want next to the bathroom, curb side check in - 2 more dollars please, 31 dollars for speedy check in, first class upgrade.... they are the typical creepy horrible airline when it comes to talking to them. These guys suck. If someone did what southwest was doing but with assigned seats... they'd take this thing down.
3	This is a nice little airport with some food outlets & a duty free service that will send your purchases straight to the gate for you so that you don't have to lug them around with your hand luggage while you pass the time in the airport.They also have some fantastically funny staff who were able to calm and cheer up the crowd when our flight was delayed by 30 minutes due to an unruly passanger on the previous plane. Overall a good experience!
1	I have never had such CONSISTENTLY poor customer service from any company I have ever done business with!Are these employees not trained in HOW to give good customer service, or have they been trained, but just don't give a darn about their customers/passengers?Either way, the result is the same... horrendous customer service! Most recently: on my flight the day b4 yesterday, the ticket agent weighed my bag & told me it was "over", then calmly stated, "That will be $100." I asked how MUCH "over" it was & she refused to answer me. I said, "I don't HAVE $100!", & she rolled her eyes & shrugged. Then, the sky cap who had accompanied me from the curb looked @ the scale &said, "Just take a few things out- its not much." From the suitcase, I took out a plastic bag with 3 pr of sandals- maybe 2 lbs. & put in my carry-on. The sky cap then told me the weight was fine! Then the bag was labeled & taken by the agent with a scowl! I gave the helpful skycap a second healthy tip 4 saving me $100!This time, I was traveling because of a family emergency & had just bought the ticket less than 12 hrs before. I explained this 2her.  However, THEN, this same counter agent refused 2 let me transport my O2 Concentrator without a doctor's letter. I said "Its only being transported, NOT USED, & I did this with NO problem, just months ago, after reading your [US Airways] website re baggage policies."Agent says, "You should have read it again. The policy changed the end of April! You can't take it without a doctor's letter."  Long story, but IT WENT DOWNHILL FROM THERE...  !!!!!!There've been several other instances over the past 2-3 yes, but this time, I traveled alone & clearly have medical issues. I was EXTREMELY frustrated & the agents I've dealt with were without patience (although no one else in line behind me) & without compassion, or even manners. Just plain RUDE! I have never been treated this poorly on any other airline (or business). You can b certain that I will NEVER fly US AIR, ever again, regardless of price. Not worth the hassle!!!I hope their recent merger with AAL heralds an improvement. Time will tell...
1	On 6-24-14 I used US Airways as my carrier on a round trip from Honolulu to Denver.  After many years of using Hawaiian Air, United Air, and Delta Air I decided to fly US Airways.  One of the biggest mistakes I have done in my life.  On 6-24-14 I arrived at HNL airport before the recommended 2 hour time prior to take off.  Upon my arrival I noticed that the plane was already at the gate.  They loaded the first group of passengers and then the gate personnel said that there was a problem with the air conditioning so everyone had to deplane.  This plane was at the gate for over two hours and no one noticed that the AC was out?  We finally take off an hour and a half late.  We arrived at Phoenix and I had to run to my next connection gate.  I barely made my connection flight to Denver, but my carry-on which I was told to check at the gate because there was no room on the plane did not make it.  Upon my arrival at Denver the baggage service agent said that since the bag won't arrive until after three I wouldn't get my bag until after 6:30 pm.  I didn't want to take the chance so I decided to drive an hour and a half back and forth from Colorado Springs and Denver to be sure I got my bag.  My return trip back to Honolulu was even worse.  Again I got to the airport two hours prior to boarding.  A plane was at the gate but the gate agent told me that it wasn't my flight.  The gate agent assured me that this would be the gate for boarding.  Half hour prior to boarding the gate agent tells everyone that we need to switch gates then we had to wait another half hour for another plane to taxi out of the gate.  When my flight finally arrived at the gate it was discovered that one of the rear emergency masks was faulty.  Again we have to wait.  We are finally allowed to board on the plane a half hour after the scheduled boarding time to wait another two hours to take off.  First the pilot says they have to refuel then we couldn't take off because of weather.  This caused me to miss my conncection flight to Honolulu from Phoenix.  While I was waiting to take off I get an email from US Airways that due to the delay and me missing my connection flight I was being moved to another flight connecting from PHX to LAX and then to HNL but the flight wasn't until the next day and no mention of them paying for a place for me to stay.  Thank God my wife was able to convince an agent to put me on an American Air flight that would get me back to Hawaii on that day.  Here's the kicker after a stressful trip I write US Airways of my complaint.  You would figure they would give something but you know what I get.  I get a "we are sorry" letter and that's it.  At least United Air was willing to give me a $100.00 certificate for my next travel when my flight was cancelled.  I will never fly US Airways again.  I suggest you all to pay the extra money and fly with someone else.  These guys suck.
3	The plane is average like any other plane you ride on. They take the longer route home than any other airline though. But United does have t.v. and its a little more roomier than southwest and virgin, just not as fancy and entertaining as Virgin america. other than that this airline gets an average with me at 3 stars.
1	I used us airways because It was affiliated with hero miles. Well when I arrived at Charlotte NC to switch planes i was supposed to wait an hour and a half for the next plane to leave. Well that didn't happen when i arrived I had to run from one end of the airport to the other end and didn't have enough time to get food to eat on the plane. On my return trip back from Las Vegas I had to switch planes again in charlotte nc. Well at first my plane from charlotte nc to florence SC was delayed. Then at the last minute they canceled it. So I was not able to get a hold of anyone on time to come drive an hour and a half to get me. So the airlines offered a hotel but i had to pay up front and then get reimbursed 75% when the airlines were at fault. Well even if I wanted to stay at a hotel there wasn't anything available because of some race going on. And it wasn't just me going through this there were about 60 other passengers that slept at the airport. Not to mention that i havent eaten for about 12 hours (24 hours by the time I got home). The airlines didn't offer to buy any food or anything to the passengers. They only offered flights for the next day to the destinations the passengers already paid for. This is my 1st time ever using an airplane for this trip so my experience was terrible for my first time. Is the a way I can give them a negative star?
1	I used this airline due to the fares and the fact that it was non stop to Philadelphia. Upon first arriving they are telling us to check in which I had already done at home. I ask why do it at home, to have to do it again at both airports. I just do not even understand the point of this. We get through the check in and TSA in Vegas without too much of a problem. The comes boarding, we are zone 4 so we are the last to board. We get to our seats and there is barely leg room. This is honestly the worst I have seen as far as leg room goes. So we crawl into our seats, mind you it is the red eye. We take off the seat belt sign goes off, we can now recline and sleep. To forget this is no leg room. Well the seats do not recline either. No one around us could recline. And we were not sitting in the exit row. For 4 and half hours we were sitting straight up, and could not move our legs. This can not possibly be healthy. Our luggage came out quickly which was great as we were dead tired.Our return trip was not pleasant upon check in. Not one person at the check in at Philadelphia airport was helpful. It was a serious cluster fuck. Everyone trying to get an agent's attention. The plane was smaller which was great, as it gave us a normal amount of leg room. The seats also reclined. I will honestly never fly this airline again. I wish Jet Blue or Virgin would fly non stop to Philadelphia.
3	Two stars is a little harsh. The employees were friendly and the plane left on time. The plane was clean and surprisingly large.
1	As I sit here in the plane in Vegas, I am completely and utterly pissed off at US Airways. My girlfriend and i were suppose to have a non-stop flight from Philadelphia to SFO. Instead the captain informed us that they were taking a few more "friends" with us and would need to be diverted to Vegas. This is a late flight as it is and they decided to be greedy and sell out the last few seats and not care that anyone will be over 2 hours late getting to SFO. It is ridiculous how the airline can just make this adjustment not due to weather and still charge the full amount for a non-stop flight and I'm pretty sure they charged a high premium for those "friends". If you can avoid it, do not travel with them. Consistently delayed and now diverted?
