5	Dryer fires saved my home they were very experienced and helpful with my air ducts and dryer vents my father had breathing problems and our household always had really bad allergies. I'm so happy we found this company not expensive at all and they helped my family to breath better and the air smells better. Thanks so much I will be using them again in the future
5	If I could give this company more than 5 stars I would! The owner King is so detailed in explaining his work that I didn't hesitate at all to choose his company to do my dryer vent cleaning. He had all the proper equipment and while servicing, I was thankful to have him explain and walk me through the process of what and why he was doing the things he was. That made me feel comfortable to trust him and his work in my home. I also liked the fact that he advised us if there was to be any added charges to any services recommended to have done instead of just doing something and charging us as a surprise in the end. Bottom line is that this guy knows this business so well that after using his company, I would NOT use any other company out there. There was another issue we needed done, which wasn't in his expertise, but King was helpful enough to recommend another company to us and they did an excellent job as well!! King went well above and beyond my expectations and I am so thankful there are people out there that are still humble and trustworthy. If you use them, you won't regret it!
5	King David did great work and explained everything as he went.  Highly recommended.  We feel safer and cleaner in our new home.
5	Found this guy at the right time. Was able to come out at a good time to get my new dryer working.  Didn't jew me either.
5	David took a phone call from me after I did some internet shopping.  Had set up an appointment with another company the day before and they failed to show up.  He came to my office that same morning, did an outstanding job, was reasonable in his pricing, professional in his conduct and appearance and I would strongly recommend him.  I will start having him come to my business and home on a regular basis and I feel like I have found a trustworthy company.
5	David showed up to my house this morning. He was 15 minutes late but he did an excellent job cleaning out my vent on my roof. Highly recommended and I would use him again!!!
