4	This is a 5 star clinic but is held to a 4 star because nothing in the entire place seems to have been updated since the early 70's when it opened.The Dr. Bramley was a Vet here for years and turned it over to his son Dan. Both are fantastic veternarians who charge very reasonable fee's for their service.No appointments, it's all walk in and often quite crowded. Expect to wait 45+ min.
5	The Eastside Animal Hospital is the best ! I started with Dr. Bramley (Senior) 11 years ago. Since he has "semi"- retired, his son is now in charge of my (new) dog. Quirky hours yes, but no wonder everyone over there is in such a good mood...perhaps they take a lunch break!!?  Good for them! Or could it be that they need that 3 hour break to catch up on paper work and tend to the animals in their care? It is a busy office and not because Dr. Bramley has reasonable set fees. It's because he takes time with each case and has a heart for the human condition as well. The sincerity in which he tries to understand all that is going on in the household and design a treatment plan is truly the result of a doc with great bed-side manner : )   I'm glad they don't put money into the "decor". Any profits are used for the actual care of the animals and that's impressive. Yeah, they do care that much!
5	Love Dr. Bramley and his staff they care about you and your pet and their pricing is very fair.
5	We were referred by our breeder to this clinic. Dr. Bramley (Jr) is an excellent vet. He told us what's needed to be done and what's not necessary. His office visit charges are reasonable. Dr. Bramley has a lot of experience as a vet. Our breeder trust him, so we trust him completely. We would recommend him to other animal lovers!
5	We LOVE this place.  3rd generation veterinarian in the same Mesa building.  Exceptionally affordable, you NEVER get an up-sell, very knowledgeable, compassionate and funny.  There are very gentle with our dogs and we are on our second generations of dogs.....very sad when we lost our last two brother and sister dynamic duo Jerry and Tomac.  We have new life again in our home with Opie and Haley and would never hesitate to make the drive from Ahwatukee to North Mesa to have them cared for by this Son and only Semi-retired hard working Father.I found out today that they  are now taking new patients, for a while they were so booked they could only work with the patients they had.  If you have not found a great vet you may want to get in before they have to turn people away again.  A good Dr is hard to find and our dog kidz could not be in better hands.
5	The Dr.s and staff at Eastside Animal Hospital are very friendly. We started going here when our cat developed cancer, so they weren't visits for a happy reason. But my cat liked Dr. Dan and that's what was most important to me and my husband. Unfortunately our cat got quite sick and everybody there was very sympathetic. They even referred us to an in-home euthanasia service. We'll continue to go to them with our other cat. We would recommend them to other animal lovers.
5	My entire family have trusted our pets for 2 generations of doctors! Dr Bramley Sr and now Dr Bramley Jr! Wow they are a great family. I understand the grandfather was a vet as well. They tell it like it is and don't try to upsell you on anything. They are in it for the pets well-being as well as you. Very caring family I highly recommend. Just a word of advise due to the long lines in the morning I try to go in the afternoon! Great Job EAH!!!
