3	Pub crawl stop 4: I wasn't planning on stopping here and it wasn't on the official tour, but there was a girl on the corner in shorts a bikini top and her face & body painted like a tiger. GRRRR! She said $2 Jungle Juice inside. Taking her word for it, I climbed the stairs and had ordered a Jungle Juice. It was pretty good and reminded me of a couple of other times I have had Jungle Juice...once in college with an Indian professor that made great jungle juice. The other experience was more surprising - it was at a Mormon coworker's house. He was having a party and his place was in walking distance to my house...He made a large quantity of Jungle Juice and was wearing a shirt that read I Heart Mary Jane, while he strummed a guitar...but this isn't a review of his party... back to our regularly scheduled review...I didn't stick around long - it was nice in there, and the tiger-girl was successful in bringing folks to the bar...the stairs are a little challenging after all of the drinks I had on the night!With the exception of the cute tiger outside, this place was just okay for me.
1	Be careful your shoes will stick to the floor here...this place is a dive bar.  The Bartender was a jerk...front door promised us a free shot and the bartender refused to give us one...jerk!!!  Door people willsay anything to get you inside there!!!  ASU lost the game but you would never tell from the students drinking there!!!  This place would have been fun when I was 18!
2	This place was loud, crowded, and uncomfortably hot. I probably wouldn't go back....
1	We were looking for a decent place to go to and this seemed like good spot to check out.It was easy to get in with no fuss line - we were offered each a free drink token when entering. We went to the bar to use free drink - and bartender took th coupon n did not give us the drink. We asked once and he did not respond so we let it go. There was a female bartender and tall male bartender that was very nice an made good drinks.  Was a guy no sprayed beer on everyone - girls that were definitely not least bit classy-it was more like trashy! They wanted to fight for no reason- the security  didnt do anything about it nor kick out the trouble makers . I requested a song 3 times in on hour and in 3 hours could not play ! The Hispanic dj sucked and the other dj was good! If you are looking for trashy place - check this place out! Defiantly disappointing !
3	I thought this place was ok.  Was suggested by a friend because i wanted something close to Ra where we were eating dinner.  Music was good.  I thought the front balcony was the only "outside", then we found the back patio.  Much better, although they kick you back inside before last call.  The floor, well that was strange.  It's 2am, you've had a few drinks, and BAM!  ugly lights pop on and they heard you to the door, and that's when it got interesting.  As you are trying to "sober walk" across the dance floor with spot lights blinding you, your shoes stick.  I don't mean a little, i mean like i almost had to go back for my shoe.  I would go back again, with different shoes.  Anything is better than the herd of entitled cows over at SOR.
1	We were looking for a decent place to go to and this seemed like good spot to check out.It was easy to get in with no fuss line - we were offered each a free drink token when entering. We went to the bar to use free drink - and bartender took th coupon n did not give us the drink. We asked once and he did not respond so we let it go. There was a female bartender and tall male bartender that was very nice an made good drinks.  Was a guy no sprayed beer on everyone - girls that were definitely not least bit classy-it was more like trashy! Would not go here again
