5	Five stars to start.Good location.  Simple menu.  Hash browns OR Country potatoes.  Efficient service.   Tasty breakfast.  Reasonable prices.  Discounts for military.  Coca-Cola products.  We WILL be back.
5	I was a bit skeptical after bad experiences with the previous restaurant on this site, but not to worry  -  It was Fantastic!! Breakfast was as good as any I've ever experienced. The home-made spam was flavorful with a hint of paprika ?? and spicy goodness. Eggs were cooked perfectly, the grits were creamy good, and the biscuit - oh my land. It was baked to perfection. Service was congenial, and timely. The place was spic-and-span clean to boot. As I was leaving a woman in one of the booths was noshing on the blueberry pancakes and they have my name all over them for next time. Yes, next time. Thanks Biscuits for coming to our neighborhood. We needed you!!!
1	Nasty breakfast.  Over salted biscuit, dense pancake and greasy potatoes.I know there is a place for this type of comfort food, but it sure isn't in my stomach.  There are lots of other places for people with a more discerning palate.   This is heart attack food and judging by the size of the people in there, the local heart surgeons will be plenty busy. Sorry, but I prefer fresher and heather choices.
1	This is the first and last time i will eat here.My order came out wrong. I ordered chicken fried steak, hash browns, and eggs scrambled soft.When i got my food, i had a huge, nearly carbonized steak fritter, smothered in what tasted like whataburger country gravy, a small bowl of grits(not touchin that), a scrambled egg patty thing cooked well enough to cut with a knife, and the clincher, a wierd mottled crispy on the outside, soggy on the inside biscuit. Now. If your gonna call your place "biscuits", you should at least try to nail the biscuit.Anyway if your in this neighborhood, and you want breakfast, id advise going half a mile west on elliot to crackers & co cafe. Theyre doing the same thing, but they are actually pulling it off.
2	Alright food. Terrible service, had a breakfast brunch for Mother's Day and the owner was pushing us out of our table while we were trying to have our meal.
1	Well first off the food is mediocre. The owner is an ass hole. We were trying to enjoy Mother's Day and he instructed his wait staff to clean our table with us sitting there. Thanks for ruining my Mother's Day. Do not visit this location, their other location on Elliot and 48th has MUCH better manners. But remember, the food is mediocre!
2	For fat laden 50's-era diner food in a nondescript atmosphere, this is the place.  The food is perfectly adequate. So is the service. My complaint is with the congregation of LOUD TALKING servers who hung around the hostess stand yesterday while they waited for something to do. They were so loud and obtrusive that my husband and I gave up trying to have our own conversation. Ladies,   please gossip about your coworkers on your own time. We don't care that ___ didn't split his tips with you. Lower your voices and allow your customers a quiet dining experience. Comfort food means nothing if you can't hear yourself think while trying to eat it.
5	This was my first time to the restaurant and I was impressed. The staff was friendly and the restaurant and restrooms were clean. The service was awesome and I can't say enough about the food. Everything's from scratch and incredibly delicious. I love being able to support a family business! Can't wait to go back soon!
1	I am totally disgusted with this restaurant. I first visited this restaurant last weekend after hearing good things about their food. My visit was enjoyable- the food was delicious and tasted like it was made from scratch. The waitress was nice and the prices were reasonable. I was excited about my visit so I told invited a friend to join me the following weekend.My friend and I went for breakfast this morning (now a week later) and it was like I went to an entirely different restaurant. The place was busy but we were able to get a table immediately. The waitress was in a bad mood from the time we sat down. My friend ordered coffee and juice and the waitress looked at her like she was crazy. She came back 3 times within 5 minutes to ask if we were ready to order after we told her we needed time. She was annoyed that my friend needed more time and then asked a question about the menu. I know it must have been terribly inconvenient for the waitress to do her job. The food came out in about 20-30 minutes. The food tasted good, just like my last visit. When we were only half way through our food, she brought us our bill and asked us if we needed anything else. We told her we were fine, but were just finishing our food and chatting. She came by 5 times in 10 minutes asking if we needed anything else so we would hurry up and pay the bill and leave. She had another waitress come ask us if we needed anything else within those 10 minutes as well. Then, my friend took out her card and had it on the table and I was getting out my card and the manager came and without saying a word grabbed the bill and walked away. I tried to stop him but he wouldn't turn around. I had to flag down the waitress to bring our bill back as we had two separate bills and my card hadn't been added yet. Then, the hostess, who is probably the snootiest young lady I've ever met came and said "can I take this" referring to the book t hat the bill is held in and didn't wait for a response before grabbing it and walking away. She came back saying she needed the other receipt and I told her I wasn't done yet but I would leave it when I was. I could see the manager, and several of the staff pointing and talking about us (on more than one occasion) at the hostess station which was 3 booths away.  I have never felt so bullied at a restaurant in my entire life!Since when is it a crime to talk with your party when you are out a restaurant? We were only there for about 1 1/2 hours from the time we sat down to the time we left which is not an exuberant amount of time. Furthermore, there were many open tables elsewhere. Regardless of whether there are tables open or not, there is no reason for a restaurant staff to bother guests to get them to leave. The manager has no place in management. The only reason my waitress got a tip was so the hard working buser got a portion of the money. She certainly didn't deserve one.The restaurant deserves an F in manners, customers service, atmosphere, hospitality, and professionalism. I'm completely embarrassed that I spoke so highly of it to my friend who had to experience such terrible and rude service. Good luck staying open.
5	Went there a few weeks back on a Sunday.  It was pretty busy but we were able to get a seat within a few minutes.  I had my usual 2 eggs O/E, bacon, sausage and toast.  It was very good and well plated.  My wife had the signature Biscuits which she really liked too.  Our server was actually the manager Dawn, she was great!  She checked on us often and was fast in filling our OJ and coffee.  I would say we're high maintenance because we had our kids with us and she handled it quite well...most other restaurants we just get the cold shoulder but not here.  I thought it was good that the owner came by to see how our food was, you don't see that very often these days.
2	And you thought Windy City was gone...The food is horrible, takes FOREVER to get, and lacks flavor. I ordered my food last Tuesday, I am still waiting.I will say this, the service has gone downhill. At least the staff in the previous establishment filled up my cup and asked how I was doing. Save yourself some money and eat some dog food.
5	The food here is delicious! We have had excellent service every time we have been here. We used to go to the Gilbert location but love that this one opened closer to our house! I am a big fan of the fact that the food is local and organic. We have brought our out of town guests and they loved it as well. Definitely recommend this place!
5	Having had the pleasure to have eaten here at the Biscuits here in Tempe on more than a dozen times, I felt compelled to write a review to let everyone know just how extremely glad I am to have found a place like Biscuits so close to where I live. It's hard to decide where to start, the food here is so good that words alone can't begin to describe just how much of a delight it is to eat here, the Meatloaf with mashed potatoes are by far the best I've ever eaten along with the Pulled BBQ Pork sandwich, substitute the French fries with Onion rings, country green beans and Cole  slaw or maybe the Oriental Chicken Salad and the Fish and Chip's, Alaskan Cod cooked to perfection to name a few. Let's not forget the service staff that work here, they are some of the best, friendliest and professional around making sure that you get your food quickly and correctly so that you have one of the best dining experiences possible. Everything about this place makes it an easy choice to keep coming back. I just can't say enough to express my delight in having found Biscuits in Tempe.
5	I love Biscuits! It has become my favorite breakfast Sunday restaurant. The owner Lloyd and wait staff remember you (by name), it has a very cozy, relaxed vibe and the food is to die for. Locally sourced and organic ... The namesake, yes, their biscuits are freshly baked and delicious. Ask for Stacy or Marissa's station, they will take great care of you! This former IL farm girl highly recommends this establishment. They serve breakfast and lunch but have a Friday fish fry, need to try this next.
5	This place is really good.  I have been eating there frequently since they opened, and the food has always been great!  Any issues are immediately taken care of.  Staff is very friendly.  Prices are reasonable.
4	First time trying this place and it was great! I work right near by so will have to make this a regular spot. Good for breakfast or lunch.Not open for dinner but great food for two of the three is not too bad
3	I've only been to Biscuits twice.  The food is pretty good. Honestly better than my normal breakfast food place. So for that I have to give four stars.I over heard a manager on the phone complaining to someone about their hours or something. When we stood up to pay at the desk the same lady ignored us and helped check in two incoming customers without asking us to wait.  I was not very pleased by this so I have to take away a star for that.
5	Wonderful breakfast. Had the biscuits and gravy with eggs, bacon and hash browns. Everything came out piping hot, the way I love it! Food came out extremely quickly and I was in and out in about half hour.
