2	My experience with amtrak was surprisingly pleasant.  My morning train in to chicago was sterile-ly clean and almost empty, but took 4 hours (scheduled for 2.75).  My evening train smelled like extreme BO, but only took 2 hours (scheduled again for 2.75).   This state of affairs can be described as "surprisingly pleasant" as I expected BOTH legs of the trip to take 4 hours AND smell like extreme BO. Despite my friends' urgent warnings, no indigent peoples tried to talk to me or make friends on either train.  I think I will use the amtrak again!  Way less stressful than driving in the city, and not any more expensive with gas in chicago being up to $4 a gallon.
3	I've ridden the Illni about 7 times without delay and most of the time it's faster than driving, clocking in at about 2 hours. When Amtrak is good...it's really really good. Outlets for computers, tons more stretching room than an airplane, and generally cheap.But when it's bad, it's terrible. Whenever I ride the Saluki, it seems to get delayed. Once it was delayed FOUR hours. I was not happy.
1	Umm. Yeah...one of the reasons I like Amtrak  is because it has good amenities for people who need to work, like outlets and tables. I was looking forward to a good two hours of work, when I was rudely informed that the train wasn't coming and that they were putting us on a bus. Yeah, it's nice to get to Chicago, but I deserve at least a little of my money back. There was no way I could do anything on that bus, with its cramped conditions and blaring Jeff Foxworthy (!!!) special, well..except wish I had invested in a good pair of noise-canceling headphones. More fun was had when we had to stop at ghost towns despite the fact we had no passengers for those stops simply because Amtrak told the bus driver to. The bus took over four hours. Amtrak needs to get its act together and I need to get a car.
2	This used to be a good money saving option that I frequently used to travel to Chicago on weekends despite the fact that I don't recall ever being less than an hour behind schedule.  Hey, gas isn't cheap and Amtrak was.  However, the weekend fares have gone up from $13 each way to $35 (!) unless you buy your tickets several weeks in advance.  So even though I have a gas guzzling SUV, it's only about $15 more expensive for me to drive and a heck of a lot more convenient and reliable.  Those with more responsible vehicles will save time, money, and headaches by driving.I have also, on one horrible occasion, had to take Amtrak to the east coast due to flight cancellations. It was a truly awful experience that I would not wish on my worst enemy.  A 20 hour train ride is bad, but when it ends up taking more than 30 hours and involves a 4 hour white knuckle bus ride through a blizzard in the mountains in the middle of the trip... yeah... not cool.
1	Just logged on to amtrak.com to buy a one way ticket to Chicago for a Monday train a couple weeks from now.  Price for a ONE WAY ticket has gone up yet again to $37.00!!!!!  Thanks to a slow day at work, I decided to do the math on this to see exactly how much of a ripoff Amtrak really is.  At $1.70 a gallon for gas, even if you were to drive a Hummer H2 to Chicago, it would only cost $21.00 in gas to get there.  If you've got a Prius, driving would run you less than $5.00.  A 38 foot Winnebago would cost about $32.00.  In fact, you would need a vehicle that gets only 6.2 MPG for Amtrak to be the less expensive option.  Did I mention I'm having a slow day at work?Moral of the story:  Don't waste your time looking at Amtrak as an alternative to driving.  Even if you have a vehicle large enough comfortably sleep 6, it's still cheaper to drive.  I also don't imagine Amtrak's reliability issues have been resolved by the price increases, so the extra cost really doesn't get you anything other than a strong likelihood of a 90+ minute delay in reaching your destination.
1	I guess there is no way to really make Amtrak improve by making a one-star review, but I think it's awful how expensive it now is to go to Chicago given the quality of the service. I live in Stockholm now and was entertaining notions of going back to Champaign to do another degree, but really...it's an isolated place if you don't have a car. It shouldn't be a big deal to go to Chicago. It shouldn't use up all my money or my patience. I've had 11 hour delays on Amtrak! Chicago is a major travel hub and the closest major city. The fact that it is so difficult to get to hurts the University. Sweden benefits enormously from having fast, relatively cheap, and hassle-free railway. I don't have to sit on a cramped bus next to a McDonalds eating elementary school kid or endure six hour delays on a crappy train to get to places like Oslo and Copenhagen. I'm bragging now, but UIUC needs Amtrak to shape up.
1	Both times I have taken the Amtrak back and forth between Champaign and Chicago I have been late on both legs of the round trip. The delays have ranged from 1 hour to 3 hours. It should NOT take 5 hours to get from Champaign to Chicago on a train. Unfortunately as one of those pesky Chicago dwellers who does not own (nor plan on buying) a car, this is pretty much my only way for me to attend U of I football games. Well, I guess I could rent a car for the weekend, but that would be around $100+, whereas Amtrak is $13 each way if you book far enough in advance. As long as the football game is at 2 PM or later, you should make it, since the train is supposed to arrive in Champaign at 10:45 AM. But if you have an 11:00 or noon game, do NOT expect Amtrak to get you there by kickoff (or even halftime in some cases).
5	I'm an occasional train passenger, having taken most of the three routes through Champaign about a half dozen times each. In general I've found it quite pleasant and worry-free. The cars have been in good shape, and only occasionally completely full. Amenities include at least a snack car (fuller food service on the City of New Orleans route), electrical outlets for use with your favorite electronic device, and large comfortable seats with plenty of leg-room (I'm 6 feet tall). Additionally, the terminals at either end are clean and pleasant, although the waiting area in Union Station in Chicago can be a bit crowded.The only downside is the occasional delay, especially with the long-haul City of New Orleans northbound leg. The station personnel in either terminal are not very good about keeping passengers informed, with explanations and announcements being rare; onboard delays fare better, getting announced/explained roughly half the time. I consider travel delays inevitable in any form of transportation (Chicago by auto at rush hour? fuhgeddaboudit!) given right-of-way  and general operational conditions, but even so they seem somewhat too common, especially on northbound segments.Still, the price and convenience is a great bargain. I wholeheartedly recommend the service, with the caveat that your schedule needs to be flexible to accomodate usually-modest delays.September 2011 update: I've been using Amtrak from Champaign more often, most recently in conjunction with CTA to get to and from O'Hare. I continue to have very good experiences in spite of  the usual expected short delays.I will add that the pricing seems to have changed-- popular times and days have increased in cost, and as usual the City of New Orleans route continues to be the most expensive option. Still, compared to other ways to get to and from Chicago from Champaign it is still a bargain, and a comfortable one at that, especially compared to the student-oriented bus services that rudely cram you in, cost 2 to 3 times as much, and usually take longer.
5	This is the best way to get to and from Chicago from Champaign. If you book long enough ahead of time, you can ride for $13 each way. If you wait until the last minute, you are going to pay $36, which is still less than the private busses. If you are going to Chicago, the Amtrak drops you at Union Station, which is really convenient to take the Metra out to the 'burbs, Blue Line to O'Hare, Orange to Midway, el to wherever (3 block walk) or busses and trolley (a free bus) to wherever else. It is true that the train can run late, just like the private busses, but it is extremely rare for this to occur on the early morning trains.I actually prefer it to driving, as I can do work on the train, read a book, or sleep. Trains are much more spacious than buses or planes and have plugs for laptops, etc (no WiFi yet). You can even walk around, and use a human-sized bathroom. In the car all that I can do is sit, eat, and get older.  You can also drink on the train (cafe car has beer, but you can also BYOB). Just sayin'.Also, if you are feeling awesome, check out the Rockstar Ride: departs Friday & Saturday nights from Champaign at 7:59pm, arriving downtown Chicago at 10:45pm. Departs from Chicago on Saturday/Sunday morning at 8:15am. A night to never remember.
4	I've lived here all my life, and know that the terminal itself (as far as city buses/Greyhounds go) leaves some to be desired. But after years of just driving up to Chicago, I finally needed to utilize Amtrak when I planned a trip to New Orleans, and it was a pleasant experience.The man working the counter when we arrived was extremely personable and helpful, and checking bags/boarding was a breeze. (Same goes for the reverse process on our arrival back home.) Clean bathrooms, a Subway and vending machines downstairs, very reliable WiFi.But the reason I went for four stars was one man: "Mr. Charles." Mr. Charles is an Amtrak employee who single-handedly made my trip (there and back) enjoyable. He's incredibly helpful, funny, and sweet. He never stopped smiling once, even when he didn't get any sleep on our overnight trip back. He's just incredibly polite, and manners go a long way. So Amtrak, please read this and give him a raise!As far as the ride itself went...most people don't take it as far as we did (from almost the start of the line to the very finish), but if you do, I'd get a sleeper car if you can. There's decent leg room (I'm 5'11"), but not quite enough for a person to get entirely comfortable and sleep well. Two outlets at every seat, pillows available upon request.No WiFi? No me gusta. I was definitely disappointed there. The dining car was too overpriced to even consider, and the lounge car was only slightly better (but, $2 for a can of soda? Come on, now). There were obnoxious people on the trip that made things less than pleasant from time to time, but what are you gonna do? Those people are everywhere, that's not Amtrak's fault.
4	I love taking the train whenever I come back home to Champaign from Chicago. With gas prices the way they are, I actually spend less money taking public transportation! Throw in the ISIC card student discount, and there's no question how I'm getting home next weekend. The only catch is that you need to plan your trip several weeks in advance to avoid having the fare go up. Being flexible with times is also an advantage to getting a good deal. As a medical student, I really enjoy being able to study the entire trip instead of getting frustrated in Chicago traffic. The trains may not have Wi-Fi, but they do have power outlets perfect for doing offline work on the laptop. The Amtrak station is found on the second floor of Illinois Terminal, while the local MTD buses are found on the ground level. The entire complex is small and cozy, so there's no concern about getting lost. And if you start to get frustrated because your train is delayed, never fear as there are some great restaurant bars across the street!
1	last time i took Amtrak anywhere it was to Chicago from Champaign.  The train broke down about half way there and we were stranded out in the middle of nowhere for about 3 hours.  btw we didnt get any kind of refund or compensation for time lost or inconvenience.
5	A clean station with helpful staff.  I rode the train from Flagstaff, AZ to Kansas City, then to Champaign via Chicago. The crew on the trains were always very pleasant and eager to please.  The food in the diner car was outstanding.  The trains were usually early into the stations except for a half hour delay leaving Chicago due to a weather delayed connecting train, but most of that had been made up by the time the train arrived in Champaign.
3	I wish the guy in front of me would stop farting. Also another lady to my right smells like Play Doh. What I'm reviewing I guess is the amount of effort Amtrak takes to Febreeze this place after people eat at the goddamn McDonalds at Union Station and then shit their pants.Recommendation: bring some odor eliminating plug ins or something
2	Great service from the staff and crew members, but never is on time. In three years of taking this train to and from Chicago and Champaign, Il. It has only been on time three times. This isn't a exaggeration. I'm serious. If I run my business like Amtrak runs their business. I'd be out of business!
3	The employees are nice, polite people and the train seats are comfy with lots of legspace and outlets, but oh my god, Amtrak trains are almost NEVER ON TIME. Grab a book or something in case you wait from 30 minutes to two hours for the train to arrive so you can board it. It's because the railroads are prioritized for shipping cargo, so the train will stop and wait for long periods of time for them to pass. This means you, the passenger, will most certainly be delayed. I do not recommend taking the train if you have to connect to another ride or be somewhere at a specific time.Regarding ticket prices, it competes with Greyhound in terms of cheapness. Usually buying tickets a month in advance will give you the lowest price of $15. Then a week later, it pops up to $22, then $29, and finally anywhere from $30-159 on the week or day of your travel day. Once the normal seats sell out, your only option is to buy a ticket for the bedroom style compartment (which is in the $100s). It is ridiculously expensive, so I suggest buying a ticket from Peoria Charter or Greyhound if you miss the $15/$22 prices. It goes to Union Station and from there, $5.25 will take you via Metra to the suburbs. Hence you pay less then a bus ticket if you plan accordingly.The train itself is really nice and clean. Pick a nice smelling passenger to sit with and you'll be fine. My only bad experience was this creepy old guy who kept talking on the phone then fell asleep on me. Ughhh. They have a cafe with tables in the back of the train that sells lots of food like donuts, Starbucks coffee, Redbull, fruit, etc. It also has a bar where a nice man in a suit and tie will mix you a drink or give you a beer. The wifi sucks though and is not reliable in my opinion. Greyhound and PC do it better, but Amtrak is much more roomier and inexpensive.
