2	I hadn't been here but 5 min before an Indian man, who I'd assume to be the owner came up to me yelling as I was putting my things in the room "NO BIKES IN THE ROOM! I'LL KICK YOU OUT! NO BIKES IN THE ROOM!" I said "I'm sorry, but it's just resting there--" He interrupted. "Get that bike out of there! I'll kick you out! Also you are not to throw things! Please carry your luggage all the way into your room. What if you'd have hit the TV?!? You could've broken it, or the stand on which it sits! I'll have you out if I see you throw anything else. There is no need." Before I even knew he was watching me, he'd seen me GENTLY toss a smallish soft-shell bag, filled with only clothes, from the doorway of the room into the room. I'd like to emphasize that was a gentle, controlled underhand toss. Nothing crazy or rambunctious. At this point I still had my hands full with what I was retrieving from the car, still standing in the same spot where I was when he first approached me. Maybe 20 seconds had gone by since he asked me not to put my bike in the room. "Why is that bike still in the room?" I ignored the comment, went to unload and retrieve the bike and heard him shout quite loudly "THIS IS AMERICAAAA!" as he walked back to the office. No joke. Also the towels were quite fragrant with the scent of fabric softener, so if you're allergic...Update: Now that I've cooled off, I think I'll bump the review from one star to 2. The service was completely shitty, but the rooms were impeccably clean. The sink, shower and toilet all smelled lightly of bleach, not enough be over powering, but enough so that you knew it was sterile (I know, bleach isn't environmentally correct, but I'll sacrifice that for being able to take a shit with no worries...and it is a hotel, all.). After tax the room was $54 and change.So to sum up, CLEAN, pretty inexpensive, shitty staff. It could be worse.
4	I liked this motel. The people were soooooo nice!  It had all the amenities we could need for a stay.  It happened there was no coffee pot, I went to ask if they had one, and they fell all over themselves apologizing that they were all out.  Our room actually smelled like cigarettes despite the No Smoking policy there, which is why I didn't rate it higher.  It was nice enough and convenient, and the staff was super nice.  I'm not sure I'm ever going back to Apache Junction again but I would stay there again.
4	I stayed here with several friends and had a great time.  The owner was also the manager and he was extremely pleasant.  He was very accommodating and responsive to all of our requests. The rooms were clean and comfortable.  The location was great - really convenient and short drives to some common attractions.  Nothing overly fancy, but a great place to stay!  Next time I'm back in the area, I definitely plan on bunking up here!
1	Talk about RUDE!!! I called this place and the person who answered the phone was RUDE, RUDE, RUDE!!!!!! I cannot imagine staying at this place when someone could be so rude on the phone!!!!!!So I did not have a credit card number for the person I was making the reservations for the first time I called so the person hung up on me. I tried to call back to with the credit card number and asked for a reservation number and the person on the phone told me I was talking too much and wasting his time. OMFG!!!!!!!
