3	What do you expect?  It's a post office . . .This location has been around a long time, first one in Ahwatukee.  It looks like it's been around a while and the parking lot isn't the most convenient.  The staff is hit or miss on friendliness; sometimes you'll get someone in a good mood, sometimes not.  This location is close to home and the one I use most often.  I like to get fun stamps to send postcrossing.com postcards!Again, it's a post office, enough said.
3	Like the previous review...It's a Post Office. Kind of like the DMV...sometimes long lines and lots of waiting. Today was a decent visit. We arrived with some loose items that needed Priority Envelopes. We were able to fill them out, load them up, and then get in line. The line was about 7 deep and initially moved rather slowly. That was because they only had one person working the counter...she called for reinforcements and things speeded up from there. It really was not that long of a wait. Usually I go to the drive-thru drop as it does not require me to have to deal with the humane element. As far as Post Offices go, this one is pretty good.
3	It's the post office...what can I say? Although, Michelle is awesome and friendly! .
5	Take in consideration that All USPS offices are slow cause they handle ALL kinds of transactions that only a Federal employee can understand. The only exception is the people behind the counter. My experience with Lorraine (sp) was a fast, friendly and no stress experience. Lost my passport and she walked me thru all the federal maze in a efficient and friendly manner. If you need a passport, do your homework first and bring all the docs they need. If you do that, this is the place to get one!
1	This post office is horrible. Let me rephrase that. The employees at this post office are HORRIBLE! They are rude and disrespectful. I don't care if you are mailing one letter or 100 packages, they are just plain nasty. Avoid this post office at ALL cost, unless you like being treating like crap.
1	This place is awful. Including the delivery folk. Consistently lose mail or don't deliver it, customer service SUCKS (especially the "supervisor"....who will treat you like absolute garbage when you ask why your mail hasn't been delivered for days). Funny how when I order something from Amazon, it always shows up on time thru UPS, but half the time disappears through USPS. Then you can wait in line for hours at the branch so they can tell you they have no idea.I wish we had another choice here. No wonder the postal service is losing money with service like we get here.
1	This is precisely why people do not like government workers. I went in to simply mail a package and buy a book of stamps. It was approx 1:01p and one of the employees informed me that they were closed. I asked what time did they close she stated at 1p. So I looked at my cell and it's 1:01pm. She proceeded to say that I can use the machine to purchase and mail my package if I had a card. So, as I'm using this machine I am clearly having problems. She was still standing next to me but having leisure conversation with another customer. I asked for assistance politely and was still there holding up what is now four people in line. Once everything printed out I noticed the trap door she said to put my package in was not opening. So another customer came by to assist me, meanwhile the lady, employee, went in and closed the door. So I knocked on the door to get her attention attention and let her know the trap door for packages was not opening and her and her rude coworkers looked, shook their heads, and proceeded to turn off the lights. As if I couldn't see them.No one came to assist where they clearly could have. The people here are rude and give a bad name to postal workers everywhere!
2	The one lady that seems to be the only one up front there ever is very rude and unfriendly. She makes you feel stupid for asking questions and always seems put out
1	Perpetually understaffed and slow. It took 40 min of waiting in line with only 4 people ahead of me because only one person was manning the front.
1	Dear God!! This is the worst...I repeat...the worst postal workers ever!! Everyone seems to have a package shoved way up there. This weird looking lady with red curly hair is the devil. Beware. She will cuss at you and in front of children. Tried complaining, but her boss is just as bad. I guess they train them that way. What can you do right? Government workers...geez! This is why I will be using any other other way of sending a package instead of these unfriendly people.
