4	Walgreens is not only the pharmacy of my choice but a great place for me to pick up little things like razors, face wash etc.... Without having to deal with big box stores like Albertsons or Smiths. Overall, their staff is very friendly and their pharmacists are to!
5	Walgreen's is brilliant. I scanned my prescription for refill this morning using their iphone app and just received an email to say it's done all in the space of one hour. Brilliant customer service :)
4	Not the usual Walgreens we use for our perscription needs but was in the area and decided to drop off and wait for my perscription.  The lady at the counter was helpful and my meds were ready in less than 15 minutes.  Also was able to get a free 2 liter of soda because they forgot to ask if I needed my flu shot.
4	standard walgreens, employees are nice and helpful at this location.
5	My dog just had surrey so needed a hot compress.  Went to the pharmacy to ask which one they recommended and Dr. Roesenthal came out and picked it for me and even double checked for the right size.  Excellent customer service especially for such a busy guy.  I strongly recommend this drug store.
2	I still haven't set up my computer and printer at home so I need to scan a couple photo to email a friend and their photo center is not capable to do so. That's was a bummer
1	This is based on their photo department. I sent them(upload via their website) a professional headshot to print for me. When I pick up the picture and open it at work, the top of my head was cut off. I went back very upset and asked them "Do you look at the prints before you put them in an envelope?" It turns out that their server automatically defaults to crop the top of your head and what's funny to me is that the guy working at the photo section is wondering why I am upset. Complete incompetence! The least they could have done is when they saw the print(if they even looked at it) is call me to let me know; "Hey, the top of your head was cut off on the print." "Do you still want to use it???" Lack of Customer Service these days or they just hire Idiots and hope that everything is sorted out.
