4	The wife and I were leaving Las Vegas on a mid-morning flight out of McCarran.  A captive audience in the D Gate area and wanting more than just a cup of coffee, we decided on Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill since they served breakfast and we could sit down, charge our personal electronics, and relax before our flight.  We were greeted by Janet, our personable server, who excelled at keeping our water glasses filled throughout our meal.  Leftover pizza is one of my favorite breakfasts, so it was intriguing to me try a pizza specifically made for breakfast.  My 8 inch pie ($11.49) was topped with a surprisingly generous amount of bacon, eggs, mushroom, cheese, tomato, and onion.  While the crust was very likely not made fresh on premises, it was reasonably crisp given the amount and type of toppings.  It was a much tastier crust than you'd find a Pizza Hut, Dominoes, or Papa John's.   Frankly, it was a filling, satisfying breakfast adaptation of pizza that could easily be shared.   For airport dining, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Grill exceeded my expectations.  Compared to your average airport dining experience, it was measurably better than average.  It should go without saying that while I gave it a solid 4 stars, that rating was compared to other airports restaurants catering to a captive audience of air travelers and probably not comparable to other Sammy's stores let alone most of Las Vegas' excellent dining options.  Bottom line:  It'll satisfy for your hunger before your flight home.
1	Ok hate to give bad review but I feel travelers need to know.I didn't eat here because already eaten, I'm anout to board in a red eye flight.I ask for a glass of Pinot Noir, you can chose between 6oz, 9oz or the bottle.Since I'll have a long flight I asked for a 9oz, listed for $ 19.50, not cheap and a small bottle of sparkling water.When the glass arrived I noticed immediately that it was not 9oz, I sell fragrances and 9pz is more than 250ml, more than a quarter of a liter.I thought they made a mistake but after tasting the wine I was happy they did because I've rarely tasted such cheap, acid, disgusting wine. That type of wine that takes 30 min to finish a glass because you can barely swallow it.Well the check arrived for over $ 26.00, ONE glass of wine and a small bottle of water .I left $ 4.00 tip because I always feel bad for waiters so I ended up to pay $ 30.52 for a glass of cheap/disgusting wine and a small bottle of water.Is there anything else that I can say?Yes there is: there was also a light that was keeping getting on and off, perfect to enhance the robery armosphere...I mean, does it take so much to make a Customer happy? A glass of wine and a bottle of water and still you can't make it??TERRIBLE
2	Unfortunately, I didn't have a great experience here, which is a shame, because I actually do like Sammy's.  We had a late flight out, and this was one of the only places open.  The sign at the entrance said to wait to be seated, so we waited.. and waited.  Finally, one of the servers noticed us and told us to just sit anywhere. We noticed that many of the empty tables were dirty, but finally found a clean place to sit. We then waited some more. The server came over and apologized, saying they'd been "slammed."  He left for awhile longer, then came back to take our order.I ordered the sliders with cheese ($12 plus an additional $1 or $2, I believe), and one of the "fancy" cocktails, and my dining companion ordered a Stella beer.  The food was just okay. The sliders were supposed to have some sort of sauce/aoili on it, but did not, just the cheese. A small container of ketchup was on the side; I had to ask for more.  My drink tasted good, but did not taste like there was any alcohol in it- just like punch. The cost- $50!  I have no idea how much they charged for the drinks, as the prices weren't listed, but they must have been quite expensive! I really felt like this was drastically overpriced, even for the airport, and especially because of the experience.  I'll know better next time!
3	For airport food, this is actually pretty good- and there's lots of vegetarian-friendly options.  Seating is comfortable and plenty, and you can have/avoid TVs as is your wont.  Also, it seems to be in a quieter part of the airport, so it's nice to just sit there.  The beer is also good.  Standard pizza/pub fare won't let you down.  Prices are kind of high, but you're in an airport, so, you know, you're in an airport.
2	Don't bother with this place. Ugh. I went to the walk up counter so I could just take my food with me. I should have kept on walking. That was the WORST breakfast sandwich ever. I had mine in croissant. I disposed of the bread because it was awful. The eggs and bacon inside was not much better. Eggs are super salty, bacon is pathetic and the cheese was prob the best thing on it and I didn't eat it. The best thing about the meal was the fruit. That's the only reason I didn't give it one star. $15 for disgusting sandwich that I couldn't eat pretty much and $5 for coconut water. I should have just fasted but this is Vegas. Who knows when I'm gonna eat again? ;D
2	Meh. Being that it's in an airport I should have known better than to expect a half decent meal. I met up with a coworker there for a quick bite before catching our flight home.Pretty bland salad with overcooked dry chicken on it. At least the iced tea was ok. The dining area itself seemed way too warm also. Hello? it's 96 outside today. Crank up the AC!A redeeming factor was our waitress. She was so good and sweet, The kind of older lady that calls you "sweetie" and "darling". Otherwise, it's basic airport food and nothing to rave about.
1	The only reason I am giving 1 star is because we did have a pretty good waitress named Sandra Lynn.  The food was horrible.
3	Eating some breakfat/lunch after an LV bender.Main points:- Service not attentive- Hostess kept leaving stand and people were left waiting to get a table- Multiple times my table was passed by server with no acknowledgementThe pizza was A-OK so 3* earned but this was from a May visit.
5	The other reviews surprise me. I had excellent pizza. Excellent wine. And excellent service. This would be my go to airport stop if I lived in vegas.
2	I was going to give it three stars as a reasonable place to eat in the airport. Then I saw my bill was 10.79 for a beer...I know prices are inflated in an airport and particularly with Vegas but that is crazy.The pizza is ok but overly cheesy and haphazardly made. Unfortunately, there aren't great food options in the LV airport in general. Service is a bit slow as well and kept forgetting things. Also, they didn't put any effort into bussing or cleaning the tables. I actually took a photo of the mess of straws and used napkins at my little nook at the end of the bar and uploaded it to Yelp. But then felt photos should focus on the food and took it down. In short, I can't see myself coming back here again.
4	Well, for airport food, this isn't bad.  We got a couple of drinks and the hummus which was good and the bread was quality.  We didn't really have much, but it was a comfortable stop.
1	Too bad I checked yelp having having ordered...worst place ever. Go to Burger King across the hall for less greasy and more tasteful food. Absolutely disgusting
3	Surprisingly decent airport food ! I had the breakfast pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it. Service is a little slow but pleasant
1	Horrible breakfast. Leathery eggs, razor-thin soggy bacon, COLD breakfast potatoes and only one slice of barely-singed toast. Staff was lackluster and kept forgetting items. Maybe their pizza is OK, but best avoided for breakfast.
2	Horrible service. The guy just walked up to me and stared until I said "I'll take a water." If was odd. In their defense, it's a pizza place, and I didn't get pizza. Otherwise this would be one star. It's probably fine for just drinks, too. It is airport food, but service shouldn't be this bad.Got the fries. They seem freeze dried or something and not actually fried. Pretty disgusting. Greek salad would be ok if the peppers weren't really hard for some reason. I just kept having to spit them back out (gross I know) since they just weren't edible.
2	Its airport food. Had the Cesar salad with chicken. My husband ordered a pizza with pepperoni.  My salad came 10 min before his pizza. I thought that was odd. By the time I finished his meal had finally arrived. My salad was very over dressed so make sure you ask for dressing on the side. His pizza was okay.  Would not come back.
3	Vegas is my hometown, and one of my favorites places to frequent was Sammy's Woodfired Pizza. Upon my last trip back home (this last weekend), I was wanting to hit some of my favorite spots, but didn't get to. To my surprise (and delight), there was a Sammy's right next to my departure gate at McCarran (D Gates, Terminal 1)! I also had an hour to kill, so it was like kismet. Or fate. Or whatever. SERVICE: It's Christmastime, they were busy, I get it - but first off I have to say the service was lacking. They actually weren't THAT busy, but maybe they were slammed earlier and so they were over it, I don't know. First off, I noticed the host wasn't very attentive to the stand when people were waiting to be seated. I was one of them. My server was the worst though. She looked like she had not smiled in years. I tried to be as polite and easy-going with my few needs (pizza & wine), it's the Holidays, but not once she did she smile, welcome me, thank me, anything! Maybe these are little gestures, but that's just it! They are LITTLE gestures that go a long way. She almost made me uncomfortable they way she stared at me while I ordered. I was sitting next to a couple I also heard complain that the busser came and took his plate away before asking if he was finished - which he wasn't and asked for his side dishes back.(side note: I overheard my waitress chatting bitterly with the host at a nearby server station about how "they don't know what they are doing and messing up our schedules" so I am guessing there are some management issues.)FOOD: The food & wine I ordered, however, delicious! I ordered a small Chardonnay (to try it, it was good, so I ordered a bigger one after that. What? I wasn't flying the plane). I also ordered the New York Style pizza - yum status. A bit bummed that they didn't have the Gluten Free crust options like I had heard the other Sammy's do, but I figured that was maybe due to airport location, size of menu, etc. I actually didn't feel bloated or sick after eating the crust as I do most often with pizza dough, so I was a happy camper. I scarfed the whole thing down along with my wine and hopped onto my plane home. So, that's why the 3 stars.If my experience had to be Christmas-ized, the food was like a gift from Santa, the service was like a visit from the Grinch!***Wish they had a Sammy's in Phoenix!!!
