2	Didn't want to resign my lease but unfortunately had no other option at the time. "Security" gate is usually broken. Which i don't really care anyways. The way to get in, when it works is a pain. You have to use a card and hope you don't lose it. Unlike most places that either have a code or a thing to put on your keyring. Since day one things were broken when i moved in. They'd get "fixed" and last a few months. 10months later the same things still break. God forbid it actually gets replaced with something new.The apartments have to have been built cheap. Living downstairs you hear every single thing going on upstairs. Not cool when you have obnoxiously loud neighbors to deal with. One more year to get through, definitely not resigning a lease again!
1	This my first place under my name after moving out of my parents home. it was great at first but it was all an illusion, me and my Boyfriend at the time began to notice insect problems with mainly flies and everytime we requested maintanace to handle this they would never show up when sceduled. We ended up taking care of it ourselves. management in the leasing office are horrible!!! They lied about a package that was sent for me but i wasnt home to recieve because of work so they dropped it off at the leasing office and they i went to pick it up they said nothing was there for me when there was a note saying to "pick up my package at the office." they had f we recent requested to know what balance was to get a money order for and they ended up giving us any amount that wasnt including any fees so we then got a fee because of their stupidity; what normal human being wants a balance minus fees, the reason to stop all fees. i would rather pay more somewhere else to get something nice instead of going there because its cheap. i will NOT renew my lease.
1	Changing your name doesn't change who you are...Brookestone At the Foothills are whatever your calling yourselves now. ..I lived here for a year and it was the worst experience of my life! Everything always broke, maintenance never came to fix it and if they didn't, they wouldn't complete the full order. The gates worked the first month I lived there then never again. The office was always making excused on why it wasn't getting fixed. There was constant police activity, shootings in the parking lot. Drug activity, domestic disturbances, it was crazy! The office didn't do anything about, all they did was move them from being my neighbor across the pavement to the other side of the mailboxes. To top it all off, in October of 2012 my rent was stolen from their drop box. It took the apartment complex 4 days to notify me of this. Once I found out that they never received my rent I went to the office to show them my proof of paying, after being in the office for 30 minutes once of the office girls finally told me that someone had broken into the drop box. The office didn't call the police and report the incident until the 5th day! The reason I had to put my rent in the drop box, is because I work until  7 am to 6 pm, with no time to get to the office before they close. And I would be hit with a $50.00 late fee if I paid it the next day. Janice from the office was an absolute nightmare during this whole ordeal. My money orders were stolen, washed, than cashed. Not only have I had to deal with Western Union, the banks that cashed the money orders, but the horrible office staff! Janice was so rude, making me feel like it was my fault that my rent was stolen. Needless to say I didn't renew my lease. I currently leave a new apartment where I get treated like an adult, the office staff doesn't treat you with disrespect. I would NEVER recommend this place.
3	I can say the new staff/management/maintenance has been much more pleasant to deal with then the previous ones were. My stuff actually gets fixed and tends to stay that way. But I'm still counting down the 5 months I have left on my lease. My upstairs neighbors have been a nightmare to deal with the past 6 months. Unfortunately complaining and calling the cops on more than one occasion doesn't seem to matter. Nothing seems to happen to them. Despite the insane noise level up to 1-3am, the fighting & causing damage to property(which affects me when glass from their broken window is all over my doorway area. The horribly strong smell of them smoking pot and having their door open and letting it all outside so myself and my little girls have to smell it a few times a week just walking by.My overall feeling is, I feel better dealing with the new staff. They have always been nice/helpful regardless of who i've gone to.They'd get 4 stars from me.But the fact that my obnoxious neighbors don't even seem to get any kind of warnings make me hate coming home everyday. So my living experience gets 2 stars.
1	My husband and I lived here for two years and at first it was okay since we moved from Orlando Florida to Phoenix and needed a place to live. There are a lot of nice people who live in the complex. We we first moved in all the gates worked and the security was visible after sun down. Since the renovations we saw no security, gates don't work. We lived on the second floor and it was always hot, had to keep the air conditioner on constantly just to be comfortable. Our air conditioning motor died on us in the middle of summer last year and it took maintenance 2 days to fix, everything in our apartment broke with no reason. Our down stair neighbors were always slamming doors, you could hear them fighting at all hours. On two occasions someone tried to get into our apartment, you could see and hear them turning the door handle. Every time I looked outside I never saw anyone coming down the stairs. The parking is horrible, our apartment was near the back where the side street was from baseline rd and 48th. It felt liked management put every new resident this side so there really never was any parking space available and you had to park so far away from your building . You heard a lot of fighting by different people at different times of day, we even heard two women fighting over a man at 4 am screaming at the tops of thier lungs. Now you have to deal with police helicopters over the complex and the complex next door every weekend. The renovations they are making, makes them look good on the outside but it is not the best place to live. Some of the staff there are really nice and try to help as best as they can, but if you need help Janice forget it, she talks and treats you like a child and she is really rude. She puts up notices almost every day. Our neighbors are really nice and we got to know them and became friends, but for no reason one of there tires were slashed and they told management but they did nothing. The knew who did it,  but nothing was done about it. People let thier kids run around with no supervision at all hours. This summer some kids got a hold of a fire extinguisher and let all of the stuff out all over place and left the can on the ground. Also kids took all the dog poop bags out of the dispenser. it is really scary to walk your dog around at night. On two occasions I saved to dogs that were dumped at the complex, luckily I was able to get them homes. All in all it is not a good place to live. I highly recommend finding somewhere else to go. If you have dogs go somewhere that has a dog park built into to the complex. This apartment complex needed them badly,  since there are so many people who live here that have a dog or more than one. We decided to pack up our stuff and move, which we did since our lease ended on 10/31/13. like I said thier are some really nice people who live there but, it really isn't a safe place to live or a quiet place.
5	I'll admit, living here at first was a necessity due to its proximity to places we needed to be.  We had manhunts, SWAT teams, fire rescue every week and the ghetto bird in air.  Having PTSD didn't make this place any more bearable 2 1/2 years has changed that sentiment.  Janice has always been a rock, managing the apartments and still managing to keep her natural haircolor intact.  I say rock because she takes care of her residents and does her best to understand them.  There's many of us and one of her.  Vicki is new to the scene and it takes a special kind of person to take over this property and these two together get the job done.  I like living here, my kids like it here, I have awesome neighbors (actually, I'm taking advantage of the upgrade, so I'll have new neighbors soon),  the complex has almost completed a 180, and I've warmed up to the management, and paid my rent always a little over and a day or two (if possible) early, if ever there was a problem, I went to Janice, explained the situation, worked things out and went about my life.  The bitching on here doesn't help unless you have a sit-down with management, and they will prioritize the necessity, it might take a bit, but ill feelings won't do much if there's no action on your part.  Btw, this upgrade is looking awesome! It's what we need for our kids:  view of the playground, away from the driveway, 3 bdrm, renovated.  My wife and I are both excited to make the move!   Say what you want, but to us, this place has improved a lot and even recently having to deal with the VA,  I kept communication with Vicki, Janice and the corporate office, and of course most of the reviews on here would complain about rent issues, and I'm a special circumstance, but if I can work with these two through my troubles, it's possible for most.  Don't cry and whine unless you've done all you could.  I would recommend this property because I haven't met a team so dedicated to their residents and able to have a smile through the worst.
1	DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! They are so lucky I was foced to even give a star, I wish Yelp had a no star option! I Cannot wait until my lease ends in 3 weeks!! The property is extremely dirty and so are most of the poeple who live there. Where I was touring the property, of course the model looked really nice and during the day the landscape and everything else looks pretty decent, but at night it's a whole different story. Loud music at all hours of th day and night, loud obnoxious neighbors and trash is literally EVERYWHERE! I moved to the property becuase the rent was pretty cheap and I was saving for my wedding and house and also because it's near the freeway and Tempe School District. I wanted my daughter to be able to attend the that disctrcit and her school bus picks her up in front of the complex which is about the only good think about this place. From the morning I walked in to sign my lease, there were problems. I showed up at 9am (when they opened) and was told I needed to wait 20 minutes because they had not typed up my lease yet, even though I pushed back my move in date by a whole week, they still weren't ready. And since they were under staffed and had temps and new people working in the office that day, it took over an hour for for me to sign my lease and get my keys. Which was a hugh inconvenience since I had movers waiting for me at my old aptarment. So I get my keys, drive to my unti and there is currently a  lady cleaning my apartment. They coudln't even have it cleaned in time. And because this lady was just told to clean it about 30 minutes before I opened the door, she did a half ass job! Then I get a call the next day telling me, they had me sign the wrong lease and I needed to go back in and sign the right one. They also never gave me a gate card when I signed my lease so I had no way of entering the property that entire 1st day unless I waited for someone that was leaving or coming in to open the gate. The apartments are so old and cheap! Everything broke in my apartment! The living room fan, shower slidding door, water heater and garbage disposal broke just to name a few. Oh and the stackable washer and dryer (which will hold about 5 items at a time cause it's so damn small) has been leaking for months but since when they come to look at it, it doesnt leak, they won't fix it. It took them 4 days to fix that water heater, so me and my daughter had to take cold showers that whole time.Another problem I had was when my packages were delivered to the office. I would receive a slip in the mailbox letting me know there was a package for me in the office, but would be told there ws no package when I would go to the office. I do a lot of internet shopping, so this began to get annoying really fast. Having to keep going back to the office to keep being told even though the package shows delivered by the shipping company, and signed for by the leasing staff, it doesn't mean it was delivered. Super annoying, especially since it ws in the office the entire time!BASELINE TRAFFIC!!! The worst traffic I have ever experienced and I've lived in Phoneix area my whole life! It would sometimes take me 20 mintues to get from my apartment to the I-10, whcih is maybe a mile away at the most. The intercection in front of the property is ALWAYS congested going east and coming west from the I-10 to the complex. It's a daily nightmare. I have to leave about 15-20 earlier just to travel a mile away. And since I've lived there (about 13 months) there have been about 6 accidents in close proximity to the complex. People ALWAYS run red lights at the 46th st/Baseline  intercection. Very scary!Recently when I went in to resign my month to month lease (since my new place won't be completed for another month) the new guy in the office told me their late fee policy changed and I had until the 3rd to pay without a fee, Well of course that ended up not being true and I received late fees starting the 2nd of the month, even though I paid on the 3rd. When I called to ask about it, Casey told me that was not true and the guy didn't remember telling me that at all and she was extremely rude and condecending about it. I've seen her speak to other people the same way when I've been in the office. Also, after I resigned the new lease, the office manager, Janice, called me asking when I would be in to sign my lease. Apparently they don't communicate very well  and dont keep good record in the office. Not to mention the same guy called me back to ask for my renters insurance info, even though I had emailed it to him at the same time I resinged my lease. Super annoying to get bothered at work for uneccessary things. Yes, the rent is cheap, but remember you get what you pay for. The property is old and outdated. The "upgrades" are a joke. Just some fresh paint and newr looking appliances. It's total smoke and mirrors! The frustration you will experience living there is NOT worth the money you may save on rent! STAY AWAY!
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would! This place has been a nightmare since the day I moved in. After getting my keys and coming up to my apt, the carpet and dining area were filthy! I had to call the office to complain within the first 5 minutes of living here. The carpet in the living room and master bedroom have the worst "patches" I have ever seen. I can literally see the concrete floor in my living room floor and it's in a spot where my couch won't even cover it up. It took them two times to fix my sink in a span of about 3 weeks. And now iv been waiting for over 2 weeks to get my dryer fixed cuz all they did was clean it out the first time (which I could of done and knew wasn't the problem). I have never had such a horrible experience with an apartment before in my life!! Please don't give this place anymore money. It's clearly not being kept up to date and no ones deserves this extra stress! What a joke!!!
