4	One of my favorite lunch spots if I am going to sit down and really enjoy lunch.  This is a good spot to take client or have any kind of business lunch.  Elegant modern setting, without being at all stuffy.  The salmon is good.  This is a quality, not quantity kind of place.
4	They're smart about their wine list and serve a good cocktail. I think that's a great place to start. I've been here several times and the last time was when they offered a preselected menu with Justin wine pairings.They created a great atmosphere and were really informative about how they prepared the dishes and why they choose the wine pairings. Go there for dinner or to hang at the bar.
4	I love this restaurant. Gourmet food in a nice and relaxed setting in one of the nicer neighborhoods of downtown Phoenix. The prices are more than fair for what you get and you don't get the snobbish attitude usually associated with "fine-dining" A mix of people that are dressed up and some not so dressed up. The food is spectacular. The fire-seared Cowboy Chop is my personal recommendation. This is a HUGE cut of pork with some amazing potatoes and vegetables stacked up underneath it. It was seriously hard to finish and a pretty good deal at $21. My girlfriend had the ceasar salad, which was also delicious. They also have a good selection of beer and wine at fair prices. Service was great and I found myself wanting to sit and relax for quite some time after finishing. Love it!
3	Meh. As the name states, the  "wine bar" is definitely secondary here.   My husband and I stopped in for a few drinks at the bar and it was completely dead on a Saturday night.  (Perhaps after work its more hopping?)  The wine selection was lacking, with only a handful of whites available by the glass.   The atmosphere is very nice but its still laid back.  You can roll up in here in your baseball hat, windbreaker, and sneakers if you want to.We ordered the calamari to snack on and it was so incredibly salty.  Like REALLY salty.  I didn't care for the sauce they served with it and it was overly cripsy.  (And at one point I bit into something hard and shell like which makes no sense whatsoever.) I would love to go back and try dinner (and if I do I will update my review) but I would definitely not order any seafood based upon our bad calamari experience.
4	I love this place! it is great for happy hour. Or for power lunches. I LOVE LOVE the french dip. It is sooo tasty. The wine tasting sessions are fun and not stuffy. Tai the wine guy was great. Although I am not sure he is doing it anymore. Go to this place!
5	This is one of the VERY FEW downtown hot spots that are classy, helpful, kind, patient and fun places to be. This is such a great restaurant because they give you gourmet dishes and high class style for moderate prices. The staff is so amazing and I love it! Casual or not, business meeting or friends this is a wonderful environment to be in.
1	Alright...I ventured out for dinner last night in my new area...Portland's was on the top of the list due to it's decent reviews and the extremely close proximity to our home.We walked in and found the restaurant to be a little "cold" with the decor.  Modern and on the dark side.  The bar area was cute, however we decided to grab a dinner table.  After finally getting someones attention after walking around the entrance for a bit, we were seated and ordered some wine.  We started with Crab cakes which we rated a "5" out of "10".  Not awesome...not horrible.  So far so good.  For entrees I decided on the Chicken Phylo and my co-diner got the Ostrich (don't ask me why...guess he was feeling "wild").  The waiter described the Ostrich as "irony"...boy was it ever.  It literally tasted like blood.  However I do have to say, what the hell do you expect when the description is "irony". Ha!  Either way, it was not appeasing to me...or my co-diner.  My chicken was decent so I don't really have much to complain about there.  I give it a 4.  Luckily we  were able to score some lasagna from my new neighbors when we got home...so we did not have to go to bed hungry.  I wouldn't waste my time going back to this spot with all of the other local places in the area.  If you do decide to go...PASS on the Ostrich. ;)
2	Atmosphere can be warmer if the wait staff smile.Decor is modern and pleasant. Food is good andportions presented well and adequate. My  waitresswas warm and friendly at the start, then as two and fourtops started to fill up she obviously concentrated on those tables rather than me, a single. It took 21 minutesto finally get my check and another waitress had to getit and took care of the transaction. I tipped her cash for that,left nothing for my initial waitress and informed the managerof what had transpired. His reply--" she's out looking for a husband and quick tips". Rather than disappoint anyone, I decided to not return to this establishment.
4	Portland's is not the kind of place that is gonna 'wow' you with anything outrageous or unique, but as it stands, it's a cozy-feeling wine bar putting up the good fight as a downtown outpost of social activity past 5PM.  The bar is the first of its kind in Phoenix -- at least in the last 40 years or so -- to be incorporated as a important portion of mixed use development, providing much needed libations and nourishment for tenants of downtown midrise condo living.  For this, i truly salute Portland's.  This bar not only sees its share of regulars -- likely upstairs tenants -- but also mid-week imbibers of wine and beer, which keeps the crowd fresh, interesting, and rotating.  They even have some decent set-ups for subtle cross-bar HD sports watching ... prevalent, but unimposing.  Their patio addresses the cleverest part of central Phoenix, essentially the gateway into downtown and the oddly designed city-roof that is the 7th to 7th pathway.  The vibe is a good one because the neighborhood is charming and as close to urbanism as PHX will allow.
5	The scallops were fresh and very tasty. A little kick to them was a good thing. The little dinner Caesar salad was also very good, the garlic bread that came with was crunchy and made a great little meal. It was Cinco de Mayo so a margarita made with Sauza was in order. It hit the spot. This was a short stop this evening. But well worth it, did not disappoint.AND the man who has burger named after him was there, AND friendly as ever!!
4	I have been here several times and always enjoy myself. The menu and the specials are exciting, the staff go out of their way to please you, they have a tremendous wine selection for you winos, and the food is excellent for the price.Nice and dark, with a modern, upscale feel...
4	We stopped in before a concert.  The food was good, solid fare, nothing too special.  The prices were a bit high.  If I'm in the neighborhood, I'll definitely stop by again.
3	Kristin S. and I went to Portland's this past Saturday night to check out their $30 four course prix fixe menu that they are advertising. After reading the menu online, I was excited...my excitement lasted until we got there and sat down.The prix menu had changed slightly from the one online and the fish entree I wanted had been replaced with duck which I don't eat. So no prix fixe menu for me. Kristin and I split the crab cake and scallops appetizers. The scallops were delicious and the best part of our dinner that night. The crab was crispy breading and was fried (strike 1), was totally lacking in the crab meat department (strike 2), and had wayyyyy too much filler (strike 3). Not good at all. For dinner I had the white pizza which was OK...the cheese was too heavy and when I picked my first slice up the heaviness of the cheese caused all of it to fall straight off onto the plate. I actually think the slices I reheated the next day for lunch at work were better than when I got it fresh at Portland's on Saturday.  We split a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc that was good. Our bill (without tip) was $72 which included the bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, and 2 entrees. Thankfully it wasn't more than that because I don't think the food would have been worth the price.Our waitress was very nice and service through the evening was fine. For a Saturday evening around 7 pm, it wasn't very crowded at all. I didn't get an overly inviting feel when we walked in especially since it took almost five minutes for someone to appear to seat us. It seems to lack atmosphere and with other better wine bars in the area, I won't be running back.
3	So I gave Portland's another shot this past weekend, given their $30 summer prix fixe menu and its proximity to my new place.  Like Melissa H said there was a change in the pf menu and the fish I was going to get was replaced with duck, to which I am allergic.  So the pf menu was out.I agree with everything she said about the appetizers.  I ordered the Cajun shrimp pasta for my entree and I was less than impressed.  The pasta was incredibly overcooked, it was literally falling apart on my fork.  The shrimp were large and plentiful so I just ended up eating all the shrimp and leaving the shreds of pasta behind.  The strangest part of the meal, for me, was when my entree was brought to the table.  I was informed that they did not have any knives. (!) but "I did bring you a fork"....wow, that is so nice of you!  I was just planning on using my hands to eat the pasta but you thought so much to bring me a fork!  I looked around at all the empty tables around us that had place settings and wondered why they could not have given me one of those place settings which had knives.  (Seriously, by that point we were one of two parties in the restaurant).  I was then left with a choice of a. shoving a whole shrimp into my mouth, b. eating the shrimp off the fork in a klassy corn dog type of fashion or c. cutting the shrimp with my fork.  (I opted for c. and it was pretty difficult to do...)  My conclusion on Portland's is that the food is consistently mediocre (sometimes even below mediocre) and it functions best as a place to have a drink.
3	Note: I've never sat down and had a proper dinner at Portland's, it's all about the bar for me. So take this into consideration when reading this review. :)The boy and I visited Portland's Friday evening after not having been in nearly a year. We used to frequent the bar for the great beer list and the amazing BBQ Chicken pizza and fries, so we were a bit disappointed to see that things have changed.Gone was the list of quirky, hard to find microbrews. Instead, Heineken, Pacifico, and Stella Artois graced the list. There were a few good ones- notably the sweet and strong (8%) Sri Lankan Lion Stout- but all in all, much more pedestrian than it used to be.Another disappointment set in when we realized the BBQ Chicken pizza was no longer on the menu. No worries though- the Pepe Rosso  pizza was delicious. With herbed ricotta, roasted red peppers, mozzarella and basil, it was much better than I thought it was going to be. Score!Even with the good beer and great pizza, the highlight of the evening had to be the parmesan fries. These alone make the trip down here worth it. I don't know what they do to them, other than parmesan and parsley, but they are divine.
1	I don't get the appeal of Portland's the space is terribly designed, modern in a bad way.  My biggest problem is the food.  I ordered a  hamburger had a few bites and was done.  I could have sent it back, but I was having such a lousy time I decided it wasn't worth hanging around.  The funny thing is that a lot of people that I work with think Portland's is a great place...I had high expectations.  I won't be back.  There are much better options in the vicinity.
1	THREE STRIKES, YOUR OUT PORTLANDS!An employee threw his DIRTY apron only a few feet from my plate as I sat at the bar. I should have never came back.THe 2nd visit I arrived at 9:30 and was told they were closing soon and couldn'st seat me. As I go back into my car I saw two get seated.I called and complained. I was given a comp for two and went for lunch. The fish we ordered was still frozen inside.I will NEVER step foot in Portlands again, (Unless I have to pee during First Friday)
3	ok we are going to play "it's a small world" - Phoenix Yelp edition. ready? ok lets go.i live 100 feet from Portlands around the corner twice, i've had drinks here a few times, pricey but not bank breaking. they have a DJ who plays music here. this DJ's name...well fuck his name. but i'll quote a review on Yelp, Barrio Cafe, from Max A., "I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds?" http://www.yelp.com/biz/barrio-cafe-phoenixlol Yup, that the same "Emo guy". haha. before working at Barrio' he worked at portlands. he's a cool guy, not really Emo. i know  his Mother well, she owns The Root, http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-root-phoenix.  which is where i get my hair cut. yea it's a small world.  so back to portlands. atmosphere is nice upscale bar, resturant. outside patio available. the bar is circular and you sit around it like attacking indians surrounding the wagons in a western flick. its interesting. nothing outstanding. i haven't dared the food yet. and might not. i've lived here a few years and have not tempted this place more then a few times. so what's the point starting now. oh and if your a married guy living off 7th ave and Georgia, i know your secrets. {wink,  wink} my silence will cost ya bud.
4	Yeah for Portland's! I fell in love with this place after the guy who was going to stain my floors sent me down town to view his work at a new restaurant. The floors were beautiful, but after meeting the couple who owned the place, we decided to take a drive down ans sample the menu.We became imediatly enamored and began regular visits to this great place. I have honestly tried everyhting ever served at Portland's With the construction of the light rail, this down town jewel has struggled and hung on by the skin of it's teeth. Changes in the kitchen and crazy insane traffic kept us away for a little while. We felt guilty for slaking in the loyalty department but geeez what a mess!Lured back to my favorite down town spot by the long over due completion of things, I stayed up late for me to listen to a new D.J. thing they got going on. (What was that guy's name?) Oh, fuck his name!  ANYWAY...I took a fresh new look at the wine list and chose a wonderful little Pinot Noir. They have always done a great job updating and maintaing their wine list. I rarely eat burgers but it just sounded right. Amazingly great, better than I remembered. We are back to more regular treks dow to the area. My hats of to a wonderful local couple who had a dream to provide a great local product and who has stuck it out. I wish you well.
4	I went to Portland's for the first time last saturday.  I didn't know anything about the place and choose it for two reasons. 1.) The close proximity to Phoenix Theatre (was going to a show afterwards)  2.) Their Sat. Drink Special = 1/3 off all bottles of wine!  Me and my date were extremely impressed with the atmosphere and had a wonderful time at the bar.  The bottle of wine was phenomonal and we devoured the Pepe Rosino Pizza.  Where this placed lost a star for my review was because the bartender did not show as much attention as we deserved and he claimed their calamari was the best in town.  Not even close.  I am sure I will make it there again on a saturday night, but there will be no orders of squid for me.
3	I enjoyed my first two visits to Portland's. During my last visit we sat up at the bar and ordered some food as well as drinks. *shocker*  My friend and I split a medium rare filet with accompanying sides. (something that resembled scalloped potato's and something else I don't recall... don't judge, I had a glass of wine under my belt)Anyway, the steak was cooked as requested and everything was pretty tasty. I wasn't insanely impressed (hence the 3 stars) and while it was all decent, nothing stood out. The space is cute and modern yet has an odd layout. I don't see the restaurant side getting too much action but I could be wrong. One thing I will never understand....and this goes for many places, I'm not just picking on Portland's.What is the deal with the surly ass bartenders in the mid-down town area of Phoenix. I know that because you bartend down town you think you're hip and rad and all that nonsense....(are those glasses even prescription??)  but you wouldn't last a fucking minute serving in countless other cities with that attitude. Just sayin..... go to NYC "rockstar" and see how fast you're chewed up and spit out. Maybe you're a true asshole.... maybe you just need a little more fiber in your diet, i dunno...but whatever it is, figure it out somewhere else. Thanks.
3	There are a few things that I have noticed about Portland's over the years. The first is that people who live in the Roosevelt Square probably can't afford to eat there very often. The second is that its location is a bit strange (no visible parking, the apartment gym on one side, a hippie coffee shop on the other). The last thing I've noticed is that it never seems to be busy. We went on a Friday night last year with a group of 11 or 12 and were seated within 15 minutes. Sure, they suffer because of the lightrail but I really just think it is a poor location.Central Ave doesn't link to the freeway. Portland's is practically on top of the deck park tunnel which means anyone going to or getting off the freeway is going to miss it. There is a large gap between the north and south-bound sides of Central that also prevents North-bound drivers from seeing it. They are more likely to notice the Best Western (and its humble diner) than they are to spot Portland's. Apart from the Channel 12 news people who I see there on numerous occasions, my friends who live in Roosevelt Square never eat there. Sure this place will be buzzing when the lightrail stop directly across the street opens up, but until then, it is just sad.Inside however, you will find a very elegant decor with plenty of that "mood lighting" that expensive restaurants use to mask the prices as well as the small portions of food you are receiving. The bar is very nice and well stocked with some of the best bar tenders this side of Mill Ave. The menu, with things like ostrich and a lasagna dish fail to make the grade. Everything is flavorless or over-complicated with drizzles and twigs/trees/lettuce/parsley. You'd probably enjoy this place for a date but not as a regular dine-out destination.It is worth a stop. Walk by on a First Fridays and check out the menu. If you don't see anything that appeals to you, you're not alone, but sit down at the bar and grab a glass of wine and enjoy the mood lighting.
3	Had dinner for the first time in Portland's. Had been there for happy hour before. It's a decent place to meet up with friends. I think the atmosphere is more impressive than the food. They have the bar/lounge separated far enough from the dining room. It's not a place where I have to struggle to hear the person across from me. I also like the decor and art work they have. So far, my foray into the food qualifies as so-so. They have good french fries but I don't think they are worth $7 a plate. I appreciate how they highlight the use of local ingredients in the food. I went for the Schreiner's sausage pasta which had penne and a smattering of seasonal vegetables covered in marinara. The dish was flavorful enough. On the one hand, I was happy that it was just the right portion. On the other, I thought there might be more for $16. Our waiter was nice though our appetizers seemed really slow in getting to the table. But that was more likely the kitchen's doing, not his. Anyway, go here for a nice urban vibe. But if you are looking for a place to show a visiting foodie, you could probably find something better.
3	It is always about service....and Saturday night, I think that service was lacking in so many ways.I am going to start at the end of the night first.  There were 9 of us at the table, all of us talking and eating.  Slowly but surely, the server removed our plates.  When she removed the last plate...she plopped down the check...even after we told her that it was my friends birthday.  I asked my birthday friend if we were getting dessert and she asked why..."because here is the check"  So my friend asked her if we can see a dessert menu.  The server replied, "Oh I am sorry...since nobody said anything to me, I assumed that you were all finished."  Wow...what a way to upsell the tab...i have to say that even with that exchange....the server had absolutely no personality.  The food was good.  (The wine pairings for $30 is what peaked our interest...but because one of our friends wasn't going to participate - - -her pregnancy may have had something to do with that - - - the table wasn't allowed to take part in the wine dinner.  BOO!!!)  The eggplant looked good, my burger was, well, a burger, and the desserts were amazing.  And one couldn't go wrong with 1/3 off bottles of wine.  Especially nice since I had an awesome Shiraz.  I wouldn't outrule going here again.  I didn't get the "wine bar" feel of the place especially since the food wasn't the most wine appealing.  I just hope our next server has more PAZAZZ!!!!!!
3	I didn't have a fully immersed Portland's experience, so perhaps I am selling them a bit short, but as far as my experience went, it was A-OK.We stopped in because of its proximity to the light rail and our need for alcoholic refreshment.  We had a couple beers (small selection - but we found something we really liked) and a glass of wine (reasonably priced, tasty) The service was fine, the prices fine.  Everything was fine.And that's just it.  Does 'Fine' merit a 'Yay! I'm a fan', four star review.  No it does not.  Maybe the food is out of this world.  Maybe at night this place lights up and sparkles in a way that the daytime cannot convey.  Its on the light rail, so I may give it another attempt, but on first glance, Portland's is just A-OK.
4	I really enjoyed this place, but I have only been here twice.  Both times I got the same thing and experienced pretty much the same in terms of atmosphere and service.  The service is so-so, which is a little disappointing considering the price of the food, but I can't recall either time being awful, just not personable is all.  I have had the Cowboy Chop there and it is pretty close to mind-blowingly good.  The meat is so tender and juicy that you can almost use a fork to cut it.  It's also incredibly flavorful and pairs wickedly well with the bourbon apple relish.  Apples and pork together is always a winning combo.  This is definitely a delicious restaurant and I really appreciate their consideration for local and sustainable food products, but it is a bit out of my price range.  Thankfully both times I've been, I didn't pay.  If you are looking for a nicer dinner option downtown and have a hole burning in your pocket, give Portland's a try.  You won't be disappointed.  Also, it's right off a lightrail stop.  Woohoo!
3	I came here last night with a friend who lives in the apartments adjacent to Portland's. Even though there weren't a whole lot of people there because it was close to closing, it felt like I walked in to a set for a Heineken commercial. The place just looks like that. In all, and from what I've heard, this spot is pretty chill and has an alright alcohol list. It's a wine bar, so you know, more wine than anything else. It seems OK overall, I'd definitely drop in again but I wouldn't break an arm over it. It seems like a good place to come to after a game or show downtown.
2	What a nice easy stop en route home on the rail.  Service started out strong but slowly dropped off. The waiter, helping out the bar, forgot our extra bread order in a minute. Bar is gorgeous with a neighborhood feel; but a close look at the logistics show a work area stacked with bottles and no glassware washer. These girls behind the bar are stressed. My eagle eye beau was certain that the pours varied wildly...c'est la vie for a reasonable glass. Nice of the local distributor rep to yell (no, not yelp) out the true price of their wine selection. Rail ride home appears to be the trend in wrapping this bar.
3	This place isn't awesome; but it isn't bad, either.I've eaten dinner here a couple of times when in Phoenix for work.  Both times I've parked myself at the bar, so I can't really speak for the table area.  But the circular bar area is comfortable, not too loud, and it's usually easy to find some good conversation (mainly because there are apartments above the restaurant).I had the filet w/ au gratin potatoes, and was pleased.  Add the $3 beer special and you've got a solid meal.It doesn't seem too pretentious, and the service for me was good (again, since I was at the bar both times, my experience is based on the bartender).  There are a lot of varied reviews on Portland's, but in my opinion it's worth a shot if you're nearby and want something comfortable.
3	Every restaurant should have a specialty, right?  I can't figure out what Portland's is...They have yummy parmesan fries and a mish-mosh of other things, but what do they want to be known for? Portland's should create their signature dish(es) and improve their customer service skills then they'd have a great place.  Excellent location and fun, modern decor.
3	This place is cool. The place looks nice, I like the bar. They have a $3 beer special all the time and the last two times I was there it was really good beer. The fries kick ass! The pizza isn't bad at all. I could see this place being 4 star, but they need more than fries and pizza. Especially so close to really stellar pizza joints. I will go back. I have heard the burger is good. One bad thing is tried to go on a friday night at like 10:30 and closed. boo.
3	I liked it enough - but couldn't reach 4 stars.We had the pan seared scallops and they were  pretty good. I had some sort of butternut squash ravioli (don't see it on a menu - maybe it was a special) and they were VERY good.  My friend had the salmon salad and he really enjoyed it. So why 3 stars?  first because I still can't figure out the half star click (can somebody send me a message and tell me how the hell i do that? i'm a goof!) anyway - i digress .....i would have given it 3 1/2 stars if i knew how!!We sat outside (cool spring weather) and it was beautiful until a  homeless man with his dog started hanging around (not that there's anything wrong with homeless people --but...) I would have liked our server to ask him to leave, unfortunately we were never rescued so my friend nicely handled it.   Maybe not a big deal - but, personally, I think the establishment should fend for the customers.Note - outdoor patio does allow smoking and well, given the right wind direction - you too could be 'smokin' ..... And as mentioned in other review -- yes, the interior is stark and cold.  I know it's contemporary but that doesn't mean I should feel like I'm sitting in a steel vat.  Therefore our seating choices were: inside cold vat vs. outside smokey -- we did enjoy sitting outside. All in all - I do tell people to try it out because it's a good place, however  I don't over sell it. Maybe it could use a little 'something' to perk it up?  dunno Support our local area restaurants!!!
1	We arrived at Portlands, hungry after checking out several other downtown spots and finding them lifeless. Portlands looked great from the outside, especially after the 'vacant lot' surroundings of other downtown spots.  We walked into Portlands, finding it near-deserted, and ICY cold - on a lovely warm summer's evening!  So we asked to be seated outside; the host told us to seat ourselves outside, which we did.  We waited a LONG time for a server - we were thirsty and hungry, and still had not been given menus or water.  There was only one other table occupied inside, and a few folks at the bar ... so we could not understand the delay.  Finally, a waiter arrived, handed us menus, and proceeded to explain some complicated arrangement along the lines of ..." the outside is really closed, but I will give you menus, and then you can come inside ... " ... I was so angry, I got up and walked out.  My partner explained that maybe they just wanted to come inside to order - that we would be served the food outside; but I didn't interpret what she said that way ... but anyway - the place was EMPTY, so a) why was it an ice-box, and b) why could we not sit where we wanted? Was it too far for the waiter to walk outside ...? I'm really trying to give the downtown restaurants a chance in Phoenix, but - after this we jumped in our car and drove to downtown Scottsdale where we found a lively bar/restaurant and had a great meal.  I really wish this place well - but I doubt I'll be returning.And PLEASE - all restaurants take note - not many people want to sit in 60-degree air when it is a near-perfect 85 outside!  I figure the A/C thermostat is set by some waiter who is hot from running in and out of the kitchen ... we diners aren't looking for an arctic experience!
5	Two bottles of wine, 1/3 off.  Solid wine selection.  +1Parm fries and Pork shanks, fantastic, cheap appetizers.  +1Three entrees and two veggie sides filled four bellies.  +1Dessert--yummy.  +1Decor--cozy.  +1My favorite two items were side dishes.  Au gratin taters, half crispy half moist.  Fantastic.  Butternut squash polenta.  Delish.Dad's burger was done perfectly.  The Schreiner's sausage pizza was enough for two and really tasty.  Mom's eggplant stack-o-lasagna was my favorite, and presented beautifully.Didn't try salads or seafood.  But what we got was great, and the service was excellent.  Decor is modern and comfortable.  All in all a really nice, relaxing evening, reasonably-priced and worth a return visit.  So nice to have good food in the hood.edit: ten visits later and never disappointed.  bumping to five stars.  pork chop, burgers, veggie sides, everything's fantastic.
4	This past weekend I had my staycation in Phoenix for a little downtime. Saturday a few friends and I wanted to go somewhere delicious no one had been and one of them suggested Portlands. I had only been there for drinks a couple times, and loved the bar area, so I figured it would be nice to come back and try some dinner.One thing that amazes me about this area is how there are always so many cars parked along the road, yet no one is ever in any of the establishments (aside from Fair Trade). Luckily there is the slightly hidden parking deck so we were able to find a spot there. We got there right on time for our reservation. It was very empty when we got there yet it took a good 15 minutes to be seated. I can't say the dining service here is very efficient.However, there are so many things on their menu I want to try that I can see myself coming back a few times. I started off sharing the scallop appetizer with the butternut squash with a friend and it was so good. The butternut squash was PERFECT and the scallops were mouth watering.My main dish was the pork with the bourbon apple glaze and the au gratin potatoes and vegetables (I feel horrible that I forget the name). It was just the right amount of food and absolutely delicious. The au gratin potatoes were fabulous and the glaze on that pork was to die for. It had huge apple chunks with it too and omg... so delicious. The vegetables were carrots and two spears of asparagus and I have to admit they weren't the best. I usually kill for asparagus and the carrots tasted better.The burgers on the back of the menu looked amazing as well as the phyllo chicken a friend had. The menu's fantastic. You need to try it.
3	Not too shabby!  I swung by Portland's on a slow Saturday just before sunset so I could grab a bite and do a little work on my laptop.  The tomato basil and mozzarella was a good dish.  The vinaigrette on the side salad was a bit over powering once it seeped into the tomato and cheese juices; but overall a tasty dish.  Next was the Rockford Shrimp.  Nothing to fancy here.  The chef uses a nice light batter which doesn't make you feel bloated like most battered shrimp can.  Although, I do believe there could be some added seasoning next time.  They have a great patio that is good for people watching at the light rail station across the street.Random note: I asked if there was wifi of which I got the answer of "no".  No big deal to me, I found a different wifi.  But, when I searched on my laptop they indeed did have wifi with a strong signal but they weren't willing to give out the network key.  I can understand that for security issues but I would have figured there would be at least a guest account I could have used.  All in all, I will be back!  Next time for drinks instead of work.
3	So I have been here twice. First time was on a First Friday night, it was crowded. Food was good, I had ordered the eggplant parmigana tower, which was huge. Delicious and my two other friends were pleased with their dinners. I decided to come back for my birthday as they were doing wine pairings with a 3 course entree. I had a party of 10.        But because of  my guests didn`t want the wine pairing dinner, the rest of us were told none of us could have it either,strange. Then it was obvious we were having a birthday party, presents, balloons, etc but I got handed the check without even being asked if we wanted dessert. Felt like we were being rushed out. So a bit disappointed! Probably next time will no my birthday somewhere else!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueBeing a Monday night it was slow, but regardless our server JD was excellently timed and attentive.  I got the Tommy burger (bacon & bleu cheese) with Cajun Fries and it was deeelicious!  It's a great location with yum yum food and friendly service so I'll return.  The only thing on my wish list would be a more exciting beer list.  The beer list wasn't bland - it had things I hadn't tried - but it wasn't special like Carly's.
3	One night after #FightClub, the lovely Georgie S and I hit up Portland's for their Twitter special. I was excited to try the food here, as I had only partaken in some adult bevies on my only other trip. We decided to sit at the bar because we didn't want to give people the impression we were on a real date. Georgie kept referring to me as her faux-date and a poor one at that, as I kept talking about my current dating situation. The ambiance and decor of Portland's is nice and cozy and I really like the circular bar. I haven't been on the full on restaurant side yet, but it looked nice as well. The bartender who took care of us was prompt and attentive. She offered some suggestions as well. We started our meal with the Tempura Rock Shrimp. When they arrived it was a little underwhelming. They really weren't tempura fried. More like regular fried fried. The dipping sauce was OK, but didn't help too much. We both got the Twitter special of a Steak salad, vegetarian diet be damned. The bartender even suggested adding shredded Mozzarella to the salad, which we did. The salads came out and for $5 it was amply sized. The steak was tasty and tender; paired with the tomato vinaigrette, it was A-OK. Overall, it was an OK dining experience. Portland's is located right next to a light rail stop and there is street parking so it is not tough to get to. I could see Portland's getting bumped up a star in the future. I will have to come back and sample some more.
3	The dinner club pick for December was PortlandsConsensus: Hmmmm, what to say about Portland's. It has so much potential, it's in a great spot....with better staff, and some menu tweaks it could be good. As it stands now, its just meeeeeh. In fact, one DC member said his favorite part of the meal was his glass of wine...not a glowing recommendation.Food: we were starving when we sat down, and ordered a cheese plate to munch on while we waited for the last few members of the DC to arrive. The arrived, but the cheese plate did not. So much for the appetizer. Moving on to the main course: 2 of us ordered the burger, which was good, however the garlic fries were awezome. The highlight of the meal and the reason why Portland managed to salvage 3 stars. The eggplant napolean dish was bad, just bad....expecially given the glowing recommendation our server gave. It would have been bearable had the side salad ordered with the eggplant dish arrived, but sadly, like our cheese plate, the side salad was not to be. Another bright spot of the meal, was the phyllo chicken  (thankfully my DC partner let me eat off hers since my eggplant was such a disaster). Because dinner club has a strict rule that no DC outing is complete without dessert, we ordered the apple tart, although given how the meal had gone so far, we doubted if the dessert would actually manifest itself on our table. It did, and it was good...and since apple tarts always make you feel better, even if you just sat through a disappointing meal, we felt a little better about Portland's....maybe with a new server and different choices, it might be a good spot afterallThe breakdown:Food: 2.5 starsService: 1 starLocation and Ambience: 3 starswine list: 3.5 starsOverall: 3 stars with the potential to get better.
4	Stellar parm fries. Good wine. Nice calamari.This place was pleasantly not packed on First Friday, so my friend and I were able to get right in and order something to nosh on before entering the Roosevelt Row mayhem. I'm looking forward to returning for a proper meal, and not just their apps.
4	I went to Portland's to start out Arizona Restaurant week and enjoyed a terrific experience. The food was very good, the service outstanding, and live music is always a plus.The diver scallops were perfectly cooked, the asparagus was very nice, and the caramel sundae was a great finish. With the live music, my party stayed and enjoyed a glass of wine in the bar.I look forward to returning soon.
4	Great stop for those taking the light rail on their way to an event downtown!
3	Saturday night another opportunity to explore the wonderful places that Phoenix has to offer.  We decided to make our first stop at Portland's.  It is a very nice place.  I think we were there a little too early, around 6pm.  The place was pretty empty.  Drinks were ok, and the calamari were nothing to rave about. We might be back for late night drinks another time.
4	It's a great spot with very friendly and helpful staff. The meals are priced just right for quality of food and everyone in our party loved their dishes. Looking forward to coming back again. Check their website and twitter updates for specials on certain nights.
4	In addition to Cheuvront, another reason to take the lightrail on Central.The pizzas here are fairly close to what I enjoyed in Rome.  Wine selection is good, and the martinis are well-made.Service is sometimes not as snappy as it could be, but never rude or cold in my experience.
5	Best French Fries in Phoenix  hands down. Order the Parmesean garlic fries and any burger on the menu and you won't be dissapointed.Wed nights they run a $5 burger special for one of their burgers but you need to ask them about their special.  Cool Local/Ind resturant for wine and good food.
5	Stopped here before a show at Phoenix Theatre. Easy rail access. Saturday night menu includes a fixed price $25 three course meal. Food was very tasty. Five stars for food, service (hugs to John), Martini's, ambiance and location.  The martinis were tasty, food well portioned (not too much) and left just enough room for flourless chocolate cake or tiramisu.  I'm a fan of Saturday night dinners here.
3	definitely a-ok! i loved the live music and my dinner was a-ok. I had the burger upon the owners recommendation and he was right. not the best burger of my life but definitely enjoyable. and the beefsteak tomato on it was so delicious. I also got a side of the spinach and the spinach was prepared perfectly! and the pickle served with the burger was top notch. They had filtered water which always excites me. I would go again.  Parking was easy with the free parking garage located right next door.
2	stopped in about a week ago on a Sat night but didn't stay long.  The music didn't fit the ambience.  It would fit a sports bar better.  I expected to hear some music you could have a conversation while eating.  They sat us in the back as far away as possible but it was still too loud.  This atmosphere would do better with maybe a piano player, soft jazz, etc.  Will not go back there again.  If you are looking for a wine bar then this is not it.
3	It was a Thursday night when my friend and I decided to stop at Portland's for a bite and a glass of wine. We walked in to an empty restaurant, which made me nervous. We were greeted and told we could sit wherever we would like. We chose to sit in a window seat. A friendly waitress came over and asked us if we'd like something to drink. We decided on a few glasses of wine after some suggestions from her. My dinner partner went to the restroom to wash his hands and when he came back he said "This place hasn't been top to bottom cleaned in a LONG time. Probably since they opened!" He said that there was built up dust on the air vents. Don't ask me why he was staring at the ceiling, he just happened to. The news made me wonder about the top to bottom cleanliness of their kitchen.. hmm... We chose to proceed with ordering food. We chose the Tommy burger and the Alfredo burger. The Tommy burger had Applewood-smoked bacon, Stilton blue cheese, lettuce, tomato & mayo. The Alfredo burger had roasted poblano peppers, jalapeno mayo, lettuce and tomato. You have to order the fries ala carte. They don't come with the burger, which was kind of silly. We went with an order of Parmesan fries and an order of Cajun fries. While waiting for our food, I asked the waitress why the place was so empty. She said "It's Downtown Phoenix at night!" Um...has she spent any time in Downtown Phoenix lately? I told her that we had just come from another, larger establishment that had just opened and the place was packed. She said "I'd like to see them when all of the buzz has died down." She may be right, but it makes no sense that a restaurant that is connected to a LARGE apartment complex, next to a hotel, right on the light rail is almost empty on a Thursday night. Our food arrived and I was surprised by the burgers. They were served on plain ol' Wonderbread hamburger buns. Yeah, those. I took a bite into my burger and it was good! Not stellar, not amazing, just good! I didn't mind the plain ol' bun after a while. Honestly, sometimes the bun overpowers the burger. The fries were ok. Again I wasn't blown away. They were just fine. The bill came and that's when I minded the plain ol' bun. I remembered that the Tommy burger was $11 and the Alfredo burger was $9. The cups of fries were $4 each. Well that puts a different spin on things. For the quality of food we had, we were definitely short-changed. What do you expect out of an $11 burger? Think about it. Portland's has SO MUCH potential, but they give off a bar-fly attracting vibe instead of a Downtown Clientele vibe. Would I go back? Yeah, maybe during a burger special night, but I don't know if I would seek out Portland's for a nice dinner again. We'll see.
4	Love sitting on their patio and enjoying a glass of wine and their Tommy burger. When they have their cheesecake it's a must have. Heaven.
5	A Great evening on Portland's patio with friends, enjoying the best burgers and wines ever. Tonight was a Champion Burger w/parmesan fries - Awesome!!!
4	Stopped in last night for dinner and we were very pleased with the service and food quality.  Steak was cooked perfectly and my wife's salmon was light and flavorful.  We enjoyed the AZ Restaurant Week menu and with a glass of wine included the $30/person price was a very good value.  The flourless torte with our wine was a perfect finish to a great meal.  The only "misses" if we're being ultra critical was the lack of new silverware between courses or bringing out a new wine glass when we switched what we were drinking.
4	2nd choice for dinner because first place was closed. Dinner was good. I had a great hamburger here. I would go back to try drinks and other foods. We had a flour-less chocolate cake for dessert that was delish!
4	I really liked this place.  I live in the same complex and this was my first time I had been there.  My bf and I went for an early dinner before a movie and it was very low-key and nice to be able to come in and sit and be served right away.We had parmesan fries which were recommended and were very tasty.  My bf had a burger and I had a chicken sandwhich.  The food was great, the service was better...all in all, a great experience!
4	Great downtown spot, and the owners really make it a cool and friendly spot. Lots of wine, nice solid little selection of beers, very good food (never had a bad thing yet) and amazing garlic fries!Great neighborhood hangout
3	Went here tonight, a First Friday evening around 8pm. Only 3 other tables were full and about 12 people in the bar. The waiter was a little slow and didn't ask to refill or anything till we were done eating...unusual. After the $6 asparagus wrapped in purscissto and a burger with white cheese, tomato, lettuce and pickle for $15..it wasn't anything special or even amazing flavor difference. I don't think ill be back unless they make something more mouth-watering, sorry! Although I do support their organic concept, a star for that! I just felt like we were not welcomed and payed too much for bland flavored food.
4	Great service, quiet, nice owners.
5	If you ever want a good plate of asparagus, this is the place. It had a slight crunch, but was fully cooked, the sauce is like heaven, and the proscuitto is perfection. Had a cup of French onion soup, which was tasty, and crab cake on the way. Amazing. Bon appetit
3	Portlands, tsk-tsk.Maybe we caught you on a bad night. The pizza which is usually wonderful was a bit burned on the edge. We had already waited a while after placing the order so I didn't bother sending it back.But what really urged me to update my review (and probably can't be attributed to just a bad night) was what you are offering in the way of "caesar salad". I am so far beyond expecting a classic caesar salad experience with egg whites and anchovies prepared tableside that the few times I enjoyed that delicacy remain just a guilded memory. But really . . . even Barro's at least uses fresh shredded parmesean and not that powdered stuff that's in the pizza shakers.So I want to believe that you remain a destination on Central . . . but last night kinda made it more diffcult to have faith.
5	It was another Great evening at Portland's.  If you haven't tried the Parmesan fries, you must. We had just enough time to enjoy a few small plates before the theater along with a couple of awesome wines. Dylan and the gang were on top of their game as always... Yum!
1	So my bff was in town and we decided to gather all of us college buddies and have a nice dinner at this place.  The website made it out to be an impressive establishment.  Not really, though.it was a bit dead when we arrived that evening... no host to welcome us, no one to seat us until I almost had to walk to the kitchen to get some service.  When our whole party had arrived (~15 or so, which he was well aware of) our server still delayed in taking food/drink orders and refilling our cups.  When it came time for me to order, I had asked if I could modify one of their dishes (easy request: no cheese in the eggplant napoleon).. guess what?  yeah, it came out with cheese... all of it.  Oh and another thing - what place touts itself as 'new American cuisine' and then doesn't even carry sweetpot fries??  They only had regular frozen bag fries.. really?This place was a disappointment in service, atmosphere, and food offerings.
2	My hubby and I came here on a Saturday night because we were both starving and every other place nearby had a long wait.  That should have been a big red flag.  The food and the service were both sub-par.  Our server disappeared for long periods of time without checking on us and seemed annoyed that we were inconveniencing him by being there.  The busser kept my hubby's ice tea full but then failed to take my plate once I was done eating.  It literally sat there for the entire 20 minutes we waited for our server to bring us the check and then was still there when we left.We started with the calamari which had a great flavor, light breading, and came with two tasty dipping sauces.  However, the calamari itself was really overcooked and rubbery.  The hubby had a pasta dish which he thought was pretty good.  But it's hard to screw up a basic rigatoni and red sauce. I ordered the eggplant napoleon.  The description sounded fantastic: eggplant, portabello mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, balsamic vinegar; all my favorites.  It arrived with a beautiful presentation (see pic) so I was really excited to try this dish. The actual flavors really fell short.  Vegetables were overcooked, cheese filling was bland, and the sauce was oily.  The dish just didn't pop.Overall, I liked the cool, modern vibe of the place.  Though the electronic music got really old.  It ranged from some songs that were kind of techno jazz background music to some songs that were sort of like acid house music.  It was weird.  Other than that its a comfortable, cool place and I would consider giving them another chance if there weren't so many other better options in the area.
2	^shrug^I stayed out by this place.  It was basically the only gig in town besides the hotel bar and well, that was just a sad sight.  So we came here.  I had a nice salad, some greens with feta and walnuts.  A glass of sauvignon blanc.  Bartenders are bitchy.  Is that some kind of prerequisite in Phoenix?  You have to be douche or a bitch?  Hands down, Phoenix takes the prize.
5	There is no better place in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks and service are excellent and I for one am addicted. The burgers are sublime.  The fries...delicious, crisp and perfect. The eggplant Napoleon pushes me to the edge of sublime contentment. The pizzas are perfect and their BBQ is exceptionally tangy and downright delicious. Their draft beers are always cold and expertly poured and their wine selection is also excellent. I've never left this place feeling less than perfectly satisfied and it has consistently made my day over and over again. This is a neighborhood place worth cherishing and frequenting often. As for me, you'll find me there every other night with an expertly prepared cocktail, beer or glass of wine and a satisfied smile on my face. I LOVE this place!
3	The Mushroom burger was really good, but the staff has the personality of a block of wood.  Cheer up!!!!
4	came here for lunch yesterday. no wait for a table and the food came fairly quickly. I ordered the steak sandwich and shared parmesan fries. both tasted excellent! the steak sandwich had big chunks of steak cooked medium to medium-well. and the fries were really addictive. it's a fun spot to hang out and really close to where I live so I'll be back - probably on Wednesday when they have a special on their burgers!
5	Organized a business dinner at Portland's last week for 30 members of a professional organization from New York. Worked with Dylan, the owner, on the menu, wine and seating. The event worked out fantastic as we basically had the restaurant to ourselves. The ambiance is casual, sleek and refined and the service top notch without being overbearing. The three course price fixed meal was outstanding with standouts the crab cake, calamari, salmon and cowboy chop.  The tiramasu and apple cobbler finished off a great meal.  The Tikal Patriota Malbec and Aldersheim Pinot Gris accompanied the food items beautifully.  What really made the evening special however was the personal attention we received from Dylan and his partner Michelle who went out their way to make sure everything went according to plan.  They could not have been more accommodating and gracious. I have received numerous compliments on Portland's from those in attendance that evening.  Thanks Dylan and Michelle for a memorable evening and I whole heartedly recommend Portland's to anyone looking for a great meal in a relaxed atmosphere with wonderful service.
3	We came in on a Monday night and it was quite dead. There was no one in the dining room or anyone there to greet us. We sat the bar and the bartender was  attentive. At the end we ordered a desert that they only had a tiny slice left of due to the prix fixe the night before. She very nicely didn't charge us for it. Overall just okay.
1	Terrible service and average food. Enough said
2	Every time I walk past this place I think "how sad, what wasted potential."  The hours are horrible, it's always closed, when it's open it's dead inside.   I wouldn't mind having a glass of wine on the patio on a Sunday afternoon with my iPad or laptop, but it's not open at all on Sundays, and there is no WiFi.  I've been with friends a few times that were impressed with the parmesan fries, and I've heard other people talk about them.  Look at the ridiculous number of reviews of how great the $7 french-fries are, and how very few reviews of the $22 steaks.  It want's to be upscale, but it's best known for it's french-fries?  I suspect the parmesan fries are popular because it's is an ideal location for an upscale hangout or wine bar or something, so people will pay $7 for french-fries.  But no one wants to bother having dinner there. It's a good location and has potential on the surface.  I have frequently walked in hoping to "relax" after work, but every time I get halfway through my first drink I just want to leave and feel like I'd rather be anywhere else.There seems to be no attempt to cater to the sort of crowd the place actually is able to get.  From the outside it looks like a nice upscale, relaxing, fun place to have a glass of wine and hang out.  But, the atmosphere is an odd negative energy, it's just not relaxing or fun.  Sitting at the bar is the slightly better indoor seating choice because the booths and tables really are not any more comfortable.  Plus, when you do ask for a table or booth, they seat you so close to the other customers you listening to each other's conversations anyway. I think it's just the acoustics of the place, you feel like you have to whisper to the people you are with which makes you uneasy, and everyone else is whispering and you can hear everything they are saying anyway.  I personally think the prices are ridiculously high, not because of the quality of food, because of the whole experience.  It's a failed attempt to be upscale that leaves you uncomfortable. Upscale places are suppose to make you feel comfortable, well served, happy, like you and your party are important, can have a private conversation, and like you never want to leave.  Portland's is none of those things.  There's too much competition downtown for this place to have those prices and not offer something plush.  I wouldn't mind paying more than here even if it was for something plush. But this isn't plush; it's absent any personality at all.  Portland's does not have comfortable seating, does not have relaxing music, does not have peaceful surroundings, does not have pleasant happy people hanging around, does not have a friendly happy smiling and attentive staff.I don't care how good the food is if; I'm constantly aware that there are only two other parties in the whole restaurant and we can all hear each others conversations, the seating is uncomfortable, the staff disappears, or the wait for anything you order seems to take about 10 extra minutes than is acceptable (even drinks). The whole "I can't wait to leave" feeling stays right to the last minute, and getting the check and looking at the prices cause me I wish I would have went anywhere instead of Portlands. I walk past all the time.  A few times (when it was actually open), I stuck my head in the door and instantly went "oh, no, not this" and ended up walking over to Pita Jungle, or jumping on the light rail to go to CityScape, or getting in my car and driving anywhere else.
4	Came back on my birthday. A friend met me there and had a great salad again with soup. Delicious as always. But the surprise was a slice of Tiramisu .. great surprise, tasty treat. I'd drop in for this one just for dessert.
3	Service was good. Atmosphere was friendly but not memorable. Had the country club salad which was delicious. Also would recommend the Cowboy Chop. The pizza was average.
4	First visit for restaurant week. Pleasant surprise as I had not heard of it before. My friends an I enjoyed the carrot soup, scallops, salmon, pork as well as both desserts.  Decent wine pairings and great service.  I'm sure we'll be back to try again!
1	Never going here again and you shouldn't suport them either. The OWNER (blonde) was at the bar. We sat at the bar and didn't get a hello. Nor did we get menus. We sat for a few minutes before she slowly walked around to come wipe down the bar in front up each one of us without saying excuse me, hello, nothing. She went back behind the bar and continued cleaning glasses. Finally handed us 2 menus for 5 people. Still no hello. I had to ask a couple minutes later for a 3rd menu.....a couple of us just shared menus. About 5minutes later she walked over with a piece of paper and said "what are you guys gonna get?".....yeah, hello to you too. The first person ordered her beer and before she could even say what she wanted to eat the lady moved on to the next person. Normally this is okay but after almost 15 minutes of not being acknowledged I think we have had enough time to decide what we wanna eat. So, this place's burgers are al a carte and I understand we should pay attention to the menu but it's almost unheard of that your burger comes with no side. So my friend got her burger and wondered where the fries where. She was informed she can buy fries for $4. Fine. But it should go without saying that when such a common item soo commonly comes w a side the waitress should explain while ordering that you can add a side if you like. the guy next to us had the same problem. So, tipped her 15% and i didn't wanna give her anything but my fiance used to work in restaurants and won't let me leave less than 15%. Anyways, as we were walking out my fiance gave her the benefit of the doubt to say goodbye and he told her "have a great night!". She didn't look, respond, nothing. We were invisible, all 5 of us, walking in and again walking out. Never going there again because I refuse to support someones success when the owner won't even greet customers. Horrible service. I'd give zero stars if I could but it's impossible. Plus the food is decent. Again, the al a carte thing isn't clear.
4	Place is right downstairs from me. They make a pretty good burger, although you can find way better way cheaper around here. The service is pretty good, but they try a bit to hard to be a fancier place and it comes across as being uptight. Not really a complaint, just an observation. The fries though, oh the fries. The Parmesan fries are the best, but the Cajun ones are almost as good. I sometimes go just for them! All in all a solid place. A little pricey but worth it 90% of the time. Relax the atmosphere a little and add some light (the place is VERY dimly lit at night) and I bet the place will fill up more often.
2	Portlands has the worst service. I tried to place a take out order and their phones go straight to voicemail. The food is pretty good (try the Parmesan fries) but it hardly makes up for the lack of personality and annoyed glances of the staff.
1	Wanted to try this place out. Went last night and it has been closed down ! Nothing inside and a couple of letters hanging on window from the state.
