5	CAST consistently produces a great theatre experience!
4	Charlotte has some thespians! I've always enjoyed local theater, so I jumped at the chance to take in CAST's Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde this past weekend. Overall - I was very impressed. CAST is located in the same building as Amelie's - there are a few ways to get to the actual theatre. Inside you'll find a large lobby, always decorated and themed to the show at hand, plenty of restrooms, a nice cocktail/intermission space and two large theatres. It's worth noting that the intermission area serves a nice variety of snacks and local beer and wine! Jekyll & Hyde was produced in the slightly smaller of the two theatres, with a center stage where the characters are literally a few feet in front of you. It's definitely a different type of show but you certainly feel in touch with the acting! The other space is just a bit larger and set up in a traditional way, with all seating facing the set built up ahead. While the set, music and lighting were very cool, the most impressive part of the evening was the acting. These locals were on point and definitely worked hard at creating their multi-faceted characters. I'm looking forward to catching another show at CAST!
4	Had an opportunity to see Jekyll & Hyde this past weekend at CAST over in NoDa. I thoroughly enjoy local theater and am always up for checking something new, so was very excited to see the show.Located in the same building as Amelie's, you head into the theatre area and are completely transported to the show. In this case, it was London, and all the help were speaking in an old-school English accent. The area outside the theatre was teeming with local artwork that you could bid on to purchase, and the drinks/snacks were not over-priced, which was quite refreshing. The theatre for this show held less than 100 people with seating in a circle around the stage. Doors were positioned around the circle and the actors used all of them, which really made you feel part of the show. The acting was very good; I will definitely be back to take in another production at this theatre.
5	Tucked away in the same complex as the original Amelies, this little theater has a lot to offer!First, the production I saw there was presented so creatively! From the moment we walked in the essence of the whole show was conveyed. The lighting was eerie, the music was tense and this is all before we even entered the performance area! A fantastic array of wine and beer was offered- not just a standard house red and white. For a smaller theater I was very impressed with the cost and selection. The show we saw Jekyll & Hyde was brilliantly acted, thrilling and downright creepy! They used their minimal props well and the theater size really made you feel as though you were right in the middle of all the action! I did feel terrible because I had no choice but to use the ladies room during the show - which was really difficult to do stealthily in such a small venue.The exits are all used as part of the performance as well so it made it all the more awkward- so word of advice skip wine if you have a small bladder as I do! I can't wait for the opportunity to see another show here!
5	My wife and I go to CAST for almost every play and we have never been disappointed.  Quality acting, nice venue and friendly staff.  I like that they choose plays that are unique and different from other venues around Charlotte.  The intimacy of the venue and the play material is a perfect match.  Go and see CAST perform and you'll be glad you did.
5	As I've noted to many since I discovered it last year, CAST is the best theatre experience I've had outside of New York City... and in fact bests many of the Off-Broadway productions I have seen in my life. The immersive experience, the attention to detail, the care with which the actors embody their roles... it all adds up to an exceptional experience.The new space in NoDa provides a great platform for what is very difficult to create, much less maintain show-after-show -- a transcendent theatre experience. If you haven't seen a show in their new space, do yourself a favor and attend soon.
5	The great work CAST is doing is the reason my wife and I keep coming back. Never having been theatre folks, we were unsure whether CAST would just be another ho-hum one-time experience for us...never to return. We were completely blown away by the entire experience and have yet to miss a show since moving to their new NoDa space. The multiple performance spaces are intimate - putting you practically on stage with the actors. It isn't hard to see every facial expression and hear every line - which if done badly, could be a disaster. However, the CAST cast are some of the best, and the stories they tell are so well done. NoDa is the perfect location for CAST to grow and we look forward to many more shows in the years to come. And...the addition of NoDa Brewing Company beer on tap only adds to the sheer awesomeness that is CAST!
1	My ears are still bleeding after after seeing  a horrific production of Floyd Collins. The direction was corny at best. Most middle school school productions are more entertaining  and have more energy. I regret coming back after intermission but I was foolish to think it could not get any worse. I hope this is not the best theater Charlotte has to offer , I know it is a contender for the worst. The one positive thing I have to say is the set design was impressive. I like the use of news papers for the cave walls.
5	While CAST is technically a local theater, its product is as high quality as some I've ever seen.  My first experience was their performance of "Frost/Nixon," a play about the series of televised interviews that former U.S. President Richard Nixon granted broadcaster David Frost in 1977 about his administration, including his role in the Watergate scandal.  While history isn't necessarily my favorite thing ever, I was transported by the caliber of acting and mastery of the performance.  After Frost/Nixon, I saw "The Elaborate Entrance of Chad Diety" and "How We Got On" in quick succession, and topped off my CAST introduction with this weekend's performance of "Proof," the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the Tony Award for Best Play about "a brilliant mathematician whose descent into madness leaves his daughter wondering if she has inherited both his talent and his instability."CAST doesn't shy away from heavy themes, and they succeed in presenting ballsy performances in structured, honest formats.  While small, their set design rivals that of Broadway shows, and the acting is consistently some of the best I've seen in Charlotte.  But where CAST truly succeeds in the "community" context is in how they treat their theatergoers.  Every Friday night is "FUEL Friday Nights," with free pizza available for the hour before showtime, and each show's opening night also offers free homemade food & Amelie's treats.  There's also a cash bar with beer and wine from around the neighborhood.  Walking into the theater imparts the feeling of being a valued friend, and you are warmly greeted when handed your tickets.  I continue to be impressed with CAST, and I look forward to many more great shows!
