4	Great breakfast, huge portions, very cheap. 4 meals with drinks 39 bucks. cant go wrong. too bad there's none in LA!!
3	Waffle WarehouseI know Arizona is littered with these amazing little breakfast joints (open all day) but it was my first visit ever to a Waffle House and I gotta tell yah, it wasn't too shabby.Sure being in AZ can be a tad daunting when you find yourself walking into a yummy smellin' restaurant to find yourself being stared at by all the white folk patronizing & workin' (besides the single black male waiter, everyplace gotta have one). I didn't think that Arizona had too much of a white supremacy following...then again their everywhere! But I digress..Even though they got my order pretty much wrong, it was still mighty yummy (I got a small biscuits and gravy and hash browns with a lot of trimmin's). Service was courteous and food was pretty fast as well. Here's a few things you might like (or not)...Highlights & Low-lights:*Old fashion joint filled with locals & cranky old men workin' the grill (how else would you have it?!)*Old school way of shoutin' the order to the cooks and gettin' the food out ASAP- no computers here*Can't complain about the service*2-9pm all you can eat with all the favorites from the menu*Hash brown heaven! Cheese, jalapenos, mushrooms, chili, onions, ham, options*Budget friendly and pretty tastyGood stuff! I guess that's why their all over the dang place.
3	Like cheap, greasy, filling food? This is the place to hit up. Great for late nights after the bar/club when you get sick of denny's or ihop. Get yourself some steak, hash and waffles drenched in syrup. Don't forget the sweet tea to wash it all down. I've been to different waffle houses across 4 different states and they're all pretty much the same.
2	Good, not great, service. Food was average. Might be back if no other options available
3	Whenever I'm in Arizona, I can always count on some quality Mexican food, In-N-Out, and amusing signs that prohibit firearms in various establishments (#1). Little did I know, they also have quite a few Waffle Houses throughout the greater Phoenix area.Admittedly, I hadn't seen Waffle Houses this far west, let alone in desert climate. Being that I was also traveling with two west coast friends who hadn't (ever) had Waffle House, suddenly  the desire for greasy, cheap food was appealing - not just for the sake of folks who hadn't had it, but also because we could say we had Waffle House in Arizona.Walking into the place, it was evident we were in the right company, as the place was crawling with people from Auburn University. The BCS National Championship (#2) brought out many of the orange and navy faithful out west, only to go for a reminder of home in the Waffle House. For a hot minute I felt like I was in Auburn, AL.The look and feel of this Waffle House was on par with virtually every other experience I've had: the molasses speed of the service, the grittiness of the interior with the smell of grease in the air, the ghastly bathrooms, and Southern patrons. The prices felt a tad higher, but I imagine they just creep up the further west one goes (#3).In the end, it comes down to the food. Waffle House is a destination for those who seek greasy food at cheapo prices during all hours of the day/night. Yet, for throughout our meal, most of the food was just bland. My biscuits and gravy were definitely lacking seasoning and my beloved hash browns were surprisingly on the bland side. I could tell my friends were scurrying along with their meal of grits and raisin toast and hardly raving about their food.One could blame it on the fact I was in Arizona, but it still is technically the South (west). In the end, my stellar WH experiences in Louisiana, Georgia, and Texas can only confirm that not all WHs are built the same. 2.5 stars, with the additional bump of *#3* below. _______(#1) What? Did you think I was kidding? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f6mQYyU_ga0DVRuRZhkmfQ?select=O9Tae0X_t_MOaP1yhpslUQ(#2) That's College Football for all of you knuckle heads.(#3) But, there is an all you can eat option, which I have never seen in a WH: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/akhMwlK3WO74eYFlw6f4oA?select=yPAFUR43b2Il8f85cDp2Qg Hello diabetes!
4	Being from California, this was my mom and uncle's first time at a WH. I was a little nervous about my mom liking WH 'cause she's a little more health conscious than I am when it comes to eating, and I've played up WH since the first time I had me some in 2009. I've yet to dine at a WH that I didn't like, this location isn't an exception. Everything was great and went well. My mom liked what she ordered and the service was good; Richard was patient and made reasonable accommodations to our party of five.
3	Breakfast is always consistent. It is a small noisy place, but breakfast is good and always fast and fresh. Will go back again.
2	The food wasn't bad, I can't say the same about the service and if you have more than 4 people in your party, expect to sit at seperate tables. They brought all our food out at seperate times, so by the time one was finished, someone else was starting. Not to mention, they messed up on my dad's order. Half way through our meal, our waitress disappeared and towards the end of our meal she was to busy talking to someone that walked in.And maybe it's just the town but from where I come from, you don't hear every main cuss word by the time you finish your meal.
5	we were in phoenix for the weekend from Los Angeles. this location was convenientley close to our hotel room so we decided to check it out. The hostess was very friendly and our server was too nice, almost as if he was on a good one.  The place itself inside doesnt look very attractive and you would think you walked into a trailer trash type of location. but dont let that fool you, the food was great! we had waffles (of course) eggs, melts and we loved it all. the service was fantastic. it was crowded when wer were there and noisy but we cared more about having breakfast and getting on with our day. We will definatley check this place out next time were in town
