5	well organized, focus is more on having fun and teaching kids the values of sportsmanship
5	Easily the best flag football league in the east valley. I've coached my son in three leagues over 9 seasons and i9 doesn't have a close second. My son has done 2 seasons of basketball as well.As a parent, the league doesn't just encourage the coaches to let all kids play, it is built in to a system that the refs and opposing coaches can monitor.  This makes the coaches actually coach their whole team rather than just feeding the superstar who has played from birth. Consequently, the teams are all more competitive. You will not see a 60-0 game.The league also stresses sportsmanship and provides a solid, cool looking medal to give out weekly. My kids love them and as a coach it gives me a chance to reward the effort that some of less athletic kids put in to the team. Schedules rarely change. Refs are better than most and there are always two per game. They are pretty consistent with what they choose to call. They also keep the games moving so late games aren't an hour behind. Which was a big problem at Thunder Alley.What parents might not see is their organization and tools for the coaches. We can email our whole team, update stats and even design plays with their website. When weather causes closures of fields they even have automated robo calls. They provide a football, a clipboard, a bag and all the jerseys and flags exactly when they say they will. At my last league, we had no flags for our first game and coaches bought everything themselves.My only complaints would be minor stuff. There is a diagonal field at one school where offsides always seems to be an issue. Their jerseys are large for the younger kids (up to 1-2nd grade)so they look more like gowns. Order smalls even if your kid is big. Also I wouldn't mind a tournament for the top teams rather than bowl games based on seeding. Although, when approached about it they did point out that parents and coaches got nuts during tourneys in the past and I left the last league after watching that happen so they're probably right about that too.
