5	Went to the Fiesta Mall location and had my hair colored, highlighted, and cut. It was around 50.00 for everything which was a lot better than the 150.00 I have paid recently for the exact same services elsewhere. I was nervous  but left happy.I didn't have an appointment but they got me right in. It was clean and the staff was friendly. My hair looks great! Thanks Michael! My only small complaint is that they couldn't break $100.00 bill so i had to pay with a credit card and they wouldn't let me put a tip on the card so i had to go find an ATM and pay $3.00 to get tip money to give my stylist!
1	I was supposed to go to this place for a haircut yesterday but since the address was wrong on yelp, i could not find it and ended up finding Regency institute of hair design (which is very close by to this place, i found this out today by going to their website and finding several different locations)I was disappointed because i was driving in circles looking for this school. wasted a lot of time and gas. boo SOMEONE NEEDS TO EDIT THE ADDRESS ON YELP because there is no such beauty school in the area of the address ( it was a plaza). So look for my review for Regency Beauty Institute
3	Went back to the Fiesta Mall Location which is inside the mall(other reviewer was unable to find it). Anyways, If you go here MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A STUDENT THAT IS ABOUT TO GRADUATE! On our last visit my daughter and I had very new girls and we were both disappointed and it took over 4 hours for a cut and color!
4	I've been here for services three times and I've been happy with my services two of the three times. The students seem like they try their best to satisfy the customer but of course they're still learning and need a little slack cut on their knowledge level and expertise. I'm someone who always speaks up so I don't have a problem with letting the student know if the services are not as I'm used to. The instructor Jillian is amazing, super knowledgeable and willing to hands on instruct her students.
