4	I've been to several Massage Envy locations around town, and I've had pretty good luck with this one compared to the rest... The staff at this location are friendly and professional.  They call to confirm your appointment the day before and they are good about recommending therapists to fit your needs.  The key with Massage Envy is finding a good therapist, and I've found that over time the therapists at Massage Envy seem to come and go often, so it's always a challenge to find a therapist that you really like.I happen to like very deep massage, and I usually don't have a preference between a male and female therapist... so when i called last week to make an appointment for a very much needed massage, I trusted the front desk person who put me with Tori. And OUCH - Tori delivered a very deep massage.  (OUCH in a good way if you know what I mean)!  Tori not only gave me a really deep massage and got deep into every area that needed it, but she also stretched me out - like really stretched me out to the point that I felt loose, limber, and and so much more flexible when I walked out.I won't hesitate to go see Tori again... but I'm hoping that all of you reading this don't book up her schedule.  My point is if you give Massage Envy a chance - you may have to 'kiss a few frogs' or in this case 'have a few meh massages' but you'll find a great therapist if you are lucky.
4	I have had some good luck in finding some great masseurs here too!!If you are a member and have massage at least twice a month - it really pays itself off. It works out to $40 per massage.David - great therapist - more of a treatment than your regular esthetic massage - but if anything hurts on me...he will smooth it out!Ken - does one of the best 'hot rocks' massage I have ever had!!Andrew - also does some great deep tissue as well!!I have had many massages due to some previous back injuries...but I usually go to this location of Massage Envy (....for a Happy Ending!! haahaaa)
3	I have been a member of massage envy and a big fan for a few years now, going to locations from Davis CA to Portland ME.  I gotta say though, I am officially and thoroughly not impressed with this one.First off, why the hell would you place a massage place directly next to a bar?  If you are on the left side of the wall, you better hope you have one hell of a masseuse to make you relax so much that you can ignore the loud pounding bar music that seeps through the wall.  You will also be screwed with the front rooms by the entrance, as people stop and chat by the water machine RIGHT outside your door with no concern that you're in there trying to relax!  It got so bad during my last massage that I had to ask my masseuse to go tell them to shut up!  What takes the cake however is their music.  Its AWFUL.  They are so inconsistent with types and styles, I've had everything from Beethoven to Enya to this horrific gong-banging BS, sometimes in lineups and sometimes shuffled up, which just makes a lyric less mess of "relaxing" music.  Their ambiance is lacking a lot from the other locations that I've seen.  Their waiting room is the same you'd see at your dentist.  The inside is pretty good though, with simple but classy rooms with not much going on.  The staff yo yo's from being awesome to sucky and rude.  The masseuses have a wide range as well; I've had good luck and bad.  The woman I had last time was... interesting.  She was sweet as anything and very accommodating, but as a masseuse she was lackluster. She started out great, but got really boring and simply lazy, and it almost seemed like she was drunk by the end of it.  She would toss her lotion bottle on me and the bed like it was no big thing.  She bumped the table quite a few times, each time being more harsh and grace-less than the rest.  At one point near the end she flat out used me to hold her up as she kicked - KICKED - her stool out of the way putting way too much weight on my should be relaxed shoulder.  She skipped from my left shoulder to my right wrist to my left foot, and forgot the rest of my left arm, and I never got my shoulders done.  Oy. Though this location lacks for me, every location is different and some are definitely better.  You do have to search through to find a therapist you actually like, but it really is a great bang for the buck though all factors considered.
1	Wish I had read Kimberly L's review before going.  Completely agree that this is the suckiest Massage Envy I have had the misfortune of wasting money at.  I have been to Massage Envy's all over the country, and my experience here was the worst--both the establishment and the therapist.#1--what inspired brainiac conceived of putting a massage place right next to a loud sports bar?  Pure genius on that one!  So much for relaxation...#2--be careful about having close to closing massages.  Apparently even if your massage starts 15 minutes late because of their scheduling issues (as mine did), they close promptly at closing time and will not keep the place open to make-up for their late start.  So much for getting your full time...I would not recommend Ashley if you want a deeper pressure massage.
3	It's great that this location is open very late 10pm on Sunday in a nice area. What was not nice however is I could hear noise my entire massage through the walls of the bar next door. I had escaped the chatter of my house to de-stress and ended up listening to an annoying duel soundtrack of birds and piano coupled with rock music, peoples muffled voices and movement. Irritating! The massage was ok... I'm a beefy girl and asked for deep tissue... The technician was nice and professional- she tried to turn up the room music to counter the secondary noise. It helped but really didn't fix the problem. I will go back to massage envy bur not to this location at night when the bar is in full swing.
1	The term, "You get what you pay for" has never been more apropos than at Massage Envy.The unfriendly check-in.The wait time that was auto-deducted from my hour, turning an hour massage into a 43 minute massage.And the shakedown for the gratuity at the end, all combined to make this experience one I  WILL NOT repeat.I've been to two locations of M.E. both equally bad.During the massage, the therapist was hawking a 12 month membership plan which I thought was tacky. Try to relax while someone is attempting to sell you a membership...the two are mutually exclusive.My overall conclusion about M.E. is that it's a massage sweatshop for the masses, and will likely appeal to those who have never had a good massage and have no expectations.As a veteran massage aficionado however, I know the difference between a relaxing, therapeutic experience and what this place is selling. The best analogy I can give is the difference between fine dining and fast food.If this place is fast food, its not even up to Taco Bell standards.
1	I'm not sure what I was thinking when I signed up for a membership at this place. The massages ranged from mediocre to pretty good. My problem is with the misleading business practices they use. Supposedly you can cancel at the end of your contract, but due to some red tape, they did not cancel my membership after they received my written notice and continue to charge me 49.95 per month. Now they say I have to pay them for 2 more months of membership or otherwise I guess they'll continue the monthly charges and eventually try to sue me to collect.If you go to Massage Envy, you'd be wise to avoid signing anything. They don't play fair even if there is some loophole in the contract, I can't believe this is how you create goodwill and ongoing relationships with your customers.
5	I have yet to have a bad massage at this location!  I've been going to this Massage Envy since 2006, have tried many different massage therapists, and have always left with a smile.  One time, I went to the one on T-peak and FLW because it was closer to my house and I was utterly disappointed.  Scottsdale/101 has a higher standard for their massage therapists and is by far the best!
5	I really love this place.  Friday after work, I was looking for a way to destress and work on some upper back tension I've been having.  I didn't even have an appointment, stopped in, and they made room in their schedule for me.  The massage therapist was AMAZING!  I've been to other Massage Envys and they really don't compare.  The therapists at FLW and T-peak were really mediocre. Scottsdale/101 massages are the best!
4	Oh, writing this review reminds me I got to schedule my next appointment. I read some of the bad reviews and just don't get it. Luckily, my profession allows me to go during the day instead of happy hour, so I guess I dodged the loud sports bar bullet. Sorry about the contract issues. I am just going to believe they will be professional and honorable when it comes time to renew or cancel my membership. There are some really skilled professionals at this location.
4	I have been there only once, but it was fairly enjoyable. Their sales was a little aggressive when it comes to me sign up for the membership, but their thorough explanation of the benefit and all the answers to my questions made me feel it's worth getting a membership with this business. $39 per hour is extremely good deal in my home area, but one trick it that this 1 hour include the time for undress/dressing and consultation. So, the actual service time is around 50 min. But I will still give 4 starts.
1	Save yourself from Danuta!Worst massage ever, and I've been a member of ME for years, although at another location. She spent the entire second half of the massage explaining to me in no uncertain terms what was wrong with my hip - which of course she would know better, having met me a half hour prior, than my regular therapist of several years OR MY CHIROPRACTOR. It got so bad that I almost left in the middle, but she was technically proficient, so I figured if I could just get her to shut up I might get a decent massage. My mistake. It turns out she exacerbated the problem. Now I am about to get on a plane in discomfort. Wish I had never gone.
1	I am BEYOND irate with this business!! They just charged me $59 for an UNAUTHORIZED monthly membership.  They apparently kept my debit card account number from my last visit and signed me up for their membership WITHOUT my signature or permission.  I made it VERY CLEAR at my visit that I did NOT want a membership and that I would come in and sign a contract if I wanted a membership later on.  Apparently a manager signed me up  WITHOUT A SIGNED CONTRACT (I'm assuming it was probably to meet an a monthly quota....since it happened at the end of June).  These sales people are ruthless-- beware!!!   I will NEVER visit this place again.  Hand and Stone is less than a mile away and there are several options for reasonably priced & resort/luxury massages in this area that practice honest business processes.  What a shame.FOLLOW UP:  I sent this Yelp review to the management and GOT NO RESPONSE!  They did refund the money that they stole from my checking account, but it was MIA from my account for a solid 3 weeks.  I still haven't been back and enjoy the many massage options in the area.  AVOID THIS PLACE!
5	Jerry is the best masseur I've found in Scottsdale. ME can be hit or miss, and the trick is finding a good masseur. For deep tissue, I would spend a year trying to find someone as good. Highly recommend if sports and athletic massage is what ya want.
3	The only reason I'm giving this a 3 is my massage therapist was good & gave a thorough & professional massage. Other than that, the 2 girls at the front desk were very unfriendly (I don't think either one cracked a smile during the check-in OR check-out process).  Love your job much??My biggest beef was a VERY shady attempt to charge me an extra $34.00 + tip on a gift card I had received & was using.  The front desk girl (who had the same blank look on her face the entire time, even when she was trying to converse with me) tried to tell me it was because the gift card reflected the member rate & I wasn't a member.  I told her that didn't make sense, it was a GIFT for a 90 minute massage including gratuity.  She said she would "discount it" for me this time, but I would have to join to get that rate next time...guess what honey? There will be no next time. Sorry therapist!
4	I went here with some trepidation based on Yelp reviews about "hard sell" sales tactics. (Hate that). But my shoulder was killing me and they were close, open early and had an intro "deal". 90 minute massage for $57.In short, I was pleased and surprised with the quality of the massage AND the complete lack of sales pressure.The desk folks were pleasant, professional and accommodating and "Robin", my assigned masseuse, was wonderful. I've probably had 25-30 massages and I'd put this one in the top 5. She actually listened to what I wanted done and did it. She was efficient, professional and spoke only when spoken to or when necessary to ask me to turn over, etc. Perfect. She expertly isolated my problem muscles and worked on them but also did a full body massage.At the end of the 90 minutes, I felt myself getting tense again, anticipating the "hard sell" at check out at the front desk and it didn't happen! Again, they were professional, friendly and non-pushy. I even paid and tipped in cash because, based on reviews here, I didn't want them to have my credit card. They had no problem with that, offered me a membership after a very brief explanation of it but when I said "no, thank you", they just give me the brochure and wished me a pleasant day. Very appropriate.Overall good experience. I can only assume that maybe management read the trend of the reviews here and elsewhere and cleaned up their act or else I just got lucky but based on my experience, I'll certainly go back.
4	I have fibromyalgia and a host of aches and pains. It is not easy to know how to massage someone with this condition without causing more pain rather than relief. However, PATRICE knows exactly what she is doing. I go every two weeks for an hour and half and she knows just how to massage me based on how I am doing at the time. She is very knowledgeable and gives a wonderful massage. Every time, I walk out of there with so much pain relieved. PATRICE  is so good you don't need to have special circumstances to seek her out, but if you do, I strongly suggest you specifically ask for Patrice. She is excellent and my lifesaver!!
1	Don't bother making an appointment...I did, 24 hours in advance, and then upon my arrival, AFTER they took my out of town guest back for her massage, informed me they couldn't do my scheduled massage because the room was being used by someone else. Instead of getting a massage, I sat around in the waiting room for AN HOUR AND A HALF and waited for my friend...I didn't want to ruin her massage.  If they had let us know about the scheduling blunder before they took my friend back...it would have been a whole different story. I refused to pay for either massage and left my name and number for a manager. The whole experience was ruined.
2	The remodel is very nice but they have eliminated the table in the bathroom. There is no place to put your purse. I am very displeased with the choice of "relaxing" music. I had to ask the therapist to turn it OFF. I love my therapist which is the only reason why I will return.
4	Been getting regular massage for a while and just tried a cranial-sacral to loosen up the muscles in my neck and jaw. Ashleigh works wonders and is very knowledgable on muscle groups and relieving tension. She found a problem with the muscles on one side of my body--something I wasn't even aware of--and recommended some stretches to me after our session. I will definitely be visiting her on a regular basis. I wish this location had more of a tranquility room, but it's a small space and they're working well with what they've got. Massage rooms could be a little warmer in temperature, so ask your therapist to please turn the heat up if you think it's chilly.
