3	My computer crashed and I needed a new one.  Since Best Buy had the best items in their circular, that is where I decided to go.  The first person to help me was a neo-natal girl that apparently was just learning to talk and walk at the same time.  I think her first word was, "Yes," since that was her answer to every question.  She did have the common sense to get help from one of the more seasoned associates since she was brand new and had only been working at the store for a month.  Really???LOL.  I got the computer I wanted and had all of my questions answered.  It wasn't a bad experience and I left the store not understanding what would make someone not new.
2	This has been sitting in my vault for quite some time. I was holding out to see if my opinion would change, but it hasn't. First off, I don't like the remodel. Second, because everything is going digital, the amount of CDs on hand are dwindling, there is not a great selection of DVDs and finding someone to assist you is sometimes impossible. When you do manage to find a sales associate, they are eager to share their knowledge and give you tons of info...most of the time.
4	As far as Best Buys go, this one was decent. I knew what I wanted right away and went in, late as they were almost closed, and almost got it. I wanted the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 in white but they didn't have it AND I couldn't get it anyway as I forgot my ID. Which was okay with me as it was $200 more at BB than at the Sprint Store downtown on 5th Ave. I ended up getting a microSD card. Four stars for letting me in during closing time.
1	DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES GO TO THIS GEEK SQUAD!!!!! I have been lied to and shuffled around about my broken laptop for 2 months now. They finally gave me another one and promised to back up all my documents from the last laptop. Well they didn't back anything up. I lost tons of important work documents, etc. and now it appears they are lost forever. I am seriously considering filing a law suite.
2	However it took over 2 months to do so, Best Buy did eventually straighten this all out. They gave me back the extra money I had to pay for the new laptop. Gave me a new external hard drive and  a $100 gift card.
4	So I have recently ventured back into best buy for elections as the prices are now much more competitive and really is $8 worth of savings that big a deal for the convenience of just returning stuff that doesn't work back to the store.My latest purchases were Bluetooth headphones that I was sorely disappointed with as they never fit right despite their $180 price tag.  I brought them back to Best Buy with no worries and got a different set that I like a lot better.The selection is also pretty good.  They have most of the top rated products of whatever you are looking for.The staff is really nice.  I've yet to find someone who was unhelpful at this location.
5	Ask for Nate if you are looking for a computer. He was super helpful with choosing a laptop that pertained to our exact needs. I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking to buy a computer.
