5	This place is ALWAYS packed and they seem to cycle through the orders VERY fast! Very tasty bagels and breakfast burritos. Home cooked taste to the breakfast platters. HUGE variety of drinks.100% recommended.
5	These are the only bagels I truly crave.  I'll eat just about any bagel, but these are truly what bagels should be.  They are a two layer treat -- a well-done outer "shell" with an appropriately gluteny, chewy, yet not-too-dense center.  I've never ventured beyond the bagels to explore the rest of the menu since the bagels themselves are so perfect.The service is always wonderful and quite quick, so don't think you can place an order and make it over the the Starbucks and back, because you won't have to wait even that long.  Regulars and new patrons are treated equally well.My recommendation is an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on either the salt or sesame bagel.  Then get another bagel to go, because you'll definitely want one later.
5	A great deli (great bagels too, but I go there for the deli). A very small place and the food is always good & fresh. They'll do all kinds of custom orders. They cook your order quickly so you'll be in and out in minutes. Low prices and sandwich comes with a drink & chips. Awesome & friendly staff. My *favorite* deli in Surprise.
4	Same as 59th Ave & Beardsley location (chain).  Bagels served up fresh, with fresh quality ingredients.  The Surprise store seems to offer more breakfast options than the Glendale location.  Cute Irish ladies with strong accents was uplifting and brought a smile to my face.
3	There is a sign in the window that says a lunch special is a sandwich for $5.99 or $6.99 which includes a drink and a bag of chips. However, when I ordered a tuna sandwich on wheat that's all I got for $8. Not even a pickle spear! I was in a hurry and didn't have time to check on why I didn't get the special. I feel like it's good customer service to educate and honor lunch specials (maybe the tuna sandwich didn't qualify).The place was not busy when I was there and the employee was cleaning the floors. She wasn't overly friendly, but was fast.It has been a while since I was here for breakfast, but what I remember is that it was good.With other sandwich places nearby, I would choose them over this place. However, it is a convenient location and right next to Starbucks for a quick snack if you are in a hurry.
2	*Review by proxy*Strawberry cream cheese should not look like pepto bismol.  Abby said bubble gum but I don't think that's pink enough.  Yet still no flavor.  The bagels were mediocre, the only thing it had going for it was convenience.*dictated to hubby over the phone*
5	Quality bagels, meats, and staff. Cooked to order breakfast is amazing
1	ROLF ~ I hate to give any business a 1 star rating especially when it's a locally owned but after two different visits to Hot Bagels & Deli in Surprise, I view them as a potential health hazard.  Our last visited started off on the wrong foot with the owners having a conversation between themselves and ignoring their customers.  We ordered two bagel sandwiches for lunch ~ asiago cheese bagel with ham & cheese and a side of chips and drink.  They only offered two choices of cheese, Swiss and American which I don't like either... My friend ordered a turkey & swiss (only choice) on a jalapeno bagel.  Half way through our bagel sandwiches I noticed little blue dots on bottom of his bagel and they were not jalapeno's, ROLF!  The bagels were old, chewy and came with a bit if penicillin apparently.This was my second bad visit and don't plan to go back.  I tried to tell the owners about our experience and she turned away and walked off! wowsers!
1	Went here and they were rude and charged different prices then on the menu and they told us it was because we ordered something off menu but we asked for what was on there. be aware dining here.
4	I've been living in Surprise for just under a year now but only today discovered Hot Bagels & Deli. YUM!!!! I am a hard core bagel fan. A bagel junkie if you will. I love these bagels.Hard outer shell and tender and chewey on the inside. My husband, a hard core yankee from back east, told me these were true east coast bagels. Great selection. The only thing that could have been improved upon was they only had a couple left of more than a few of the bagels. I also got cream cheese which was light and fluffy. They aquired two new regular customers today.
4	I have eaten here twice once for breakfast and once for lunch. And both times I have enjoyed the food that was made to order and the fast service. Big bonus is that Starbucks is next door. Yay!
3	Bought dozen+1 bagels this week.  Bagels were fresh.  I really like the marble rye bagel.  I also bought a small tub of sundried tomato cream but I didn't really care for the taste of it. I'll be back for bagels and next I'll stick to the veggie cream instead of straying from what I know.
4	I typically buy breakfast or lunch here once a weekend.  Highly recommended.  They have good lunch specials where you get a good sandwich, chips and a drink for around $6.  Also, I recommend the bagels and breakfast burritos.  I have been coming here for years. and would definitely recommend to people looking for a good local bagel shop.
5	Looking for a hot tasty gourmet sandwich for a fair price? This is the place. I come here weekly with my husband and am always impressed by their food.  I make an attempt to try a different sandwich each time I visit, and have yet to have a bad experience.  There are always customers there, many seem like regulars.  They are always sold out of the 'egg bagel' so I've never had a chance to try it, but it sounds interesting.  Last time in I ordered an onion bagel with onion/chive cream cheese to go.  They REALLY load it up with the cream cheese, definitely no skimping here!!  Looking for a hot tasty gourmet sandwich for a fair price? This is the place.
4	There is a Starbucks right next door, so whenever I grab a coffee I'll usually stop in here for a bite to eat. (great decision for a location.) I usually grab a lox bagel and its always nice. It has the usual; smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, and onions. Never a complaint....although to give a full review I probably should try something else too :)
2	Stopped in for breakfast on the way to the airport.  I did not know they were here, but saw them when walking in to Starbucks for a coffee.  Anyways, food was just kind of bland.  Not really sure I will stop back again, since I can get good bagels from my favorite breakfast/lunch deli a few miles down in Surprise.
4	Visited this place before getting coffee. I had a plain bagel with cream cheese and my husband had their pretzel bunned hot dog. We were both satisfied, and will definitely come back again.
1	Egg Sandwiches sucked, i was visiting AZ on business i only went in because it was next to starbucks,  place kinda smelled funky too.
3	One day I was looking to eat out for once for breakfast and checked out Paradise Bakery. The line felt like it was going to be an hour wait. We go to IHOP and it's a two hour wait! Finally we found Hot Bagels & Deli. Now if you're looking for a nice sitdown place with a waiter this isn't the place for you. The service was just adequate that's why I gave it a three but otherwise the food was delicious and there was no wait like at all those other places. Plus the prices aren't bad either.
5	Love going to this place. love supporting this small business. Their food is top notch their bagels and breakfast are amazing I love going here small place, good vibe.
5	This place is my favorite ! The owner and his family are very friendly and it's some of the best food I ever had. It's a hole in the wall. I love supporting this small business. : )
2	This place is alright if you are looking for the fast food alt. , the quality is hit or miss. I usually route for a place like this big time , but like I said its not consistent at all ! Two of the three people that work there are rude and very unfriendly , and need to smile ! If they work on those two problems and stay open a little later this place would be all aces !
1	My husband and I came to get a dozen bagels ( different variety), we waited for the cashier to finish with the prior customer before we spoke to him about what we wanted to order. When it was our turn my husband asked what the price of a dozen bagels would be, and then we proceeded to place our order. The Cashier then asked us if he could help another customer behind us first? I don't know what to think about that, as I thought we were right in the middle of placing our order! Never the less you never know what a person is going through, so we  won't harp on it! Blessings to their business for the future!
4	Had a really great blueberry bagel with strawberry cream cheese!  Saw the reviews and was a little nervous but mine was perfect!
3	I last stopped here years ago right after they opened. At the time I wondered how well they would do next to a Starbucks and opening what I considered late on the morning for folks getting to work. Well they are still here and still disorganized. I like all the cream cheese options. With only 2 orders in the works it seemed quite a while to toast a bagel for 3 workers. I did notice they were still making fresh bagels in small batches as they were going. If speed is of the essence I see they have a national chain competitor now in the same center. The owner appears almost rude with customers but l think that comes from the environment he came from.
1	Bagels are average at best, very stingy here. No ketchup packets anywhere just one nasty bottle that everyone has to touch. The worst part about it is the people working here seem to have the biggest attitude, won't be going back here. Dude who runs the register needs to find a different job that doesn't involve ANY customer interaction.
5	Best bagels ever!!! Big, soft and yummy! Wether you want it plain,with smear, or you want a delish breakfast sandwich or need a great lunch sandwich....you can't go wrong with any of it. We go there every Sunday. Good location. ....starbucks next store. A nice bagel,starbucks and you can relax outside and eat,in our wonderful AZ weather. The service is great too,very nice owners! Our family really enjoy's it!!!
2	Albanian family runs this location while the others are ran by the original family of owners.  The bagels here were drier than an east coast bagel and I would consider them average.  I did like the many types of cream cheese they offered.  I had a ham, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich (requested cheddar instead of standard American) and was surprised that they didn't heat up the bagel at all.  There wasn't much ham in it and it was a little in the dry side.  I added a little mayonnaise (they had to out some in a cup for me since they don't have packets at this location) and it was disgusting.   Stay away from the mayo here.   They didn't have any milk for the kids to drink even from the back.  This isn't a recommended stop but they were very nice people!  Try the other two locations.
4	I get my breakfast here on a pretty regular basis, seeing as I work nearby. Having the tastebuds of a picky child, I always either get a toasted and buttered blueberry bagel, or the pbj toasted bagel. Both have always been delicious, and prepared in a very timely manner! Even if the business owner isn't always sunshine and flowers, it's still a pretty solid place to go for morning bagels/sandwiches/what-have-you. Of course, it helps that it's right next to a Starbucks. ;)
5	I rather enjoyed my experience here. Mom and pop bagel place trying to make it. The other reviews seem petty about not getting 5 star restaurant experience. It's good bagels, good food, friendly experience. I liked it enough to want to put 5 stars to better their review.
5	Bagels are fresh and so delicious here.  I'm a fan of their Lox on an everything bagel.  My family enjoys their breakfast deals... Bagel w/ egg and sausage plus drink/coffee for $5.. Can't beat that.  I'm hungry just thinking about it.  You should really try this if you're in the neighborhood!!!  Coffee isn't the best, but you have a Starbucks next door if that's the case...
5	We get breakfast here every weekend. They have the best bagels and prices.  This is the only place I've found that serves Taylor ham.  I love supporting local businesses!
4	Not just for bagels. Stopped in here for an early lunch after a doctor appointment and was greeted by a friendly lady who happily customized a turkey avocado wrap exactly to my order. My only beef (get it?) was it was pretty expensive for one wrap ($8 or so), and the place inside isn't that gorgeous. But there are lots cheaper things I could have gotten, and the service was fantastic.
4	This is a great place for a little morning breakfast or snack!  The people behind the counter seem no nonsense and are very fast and efficient.  The food is great and I recommend the everything bagel with lox.  Simply amazing!
5	My favorite place to get a bagel. They do it right--none of those thin Einstein Bagels will be found here. If you want a thick homemade bagel with homemade cream cheese, this is your place. I love their strawberry cream cheese on an everything bagel.
