4	Rio Tan is the only place I go to if I need to catch some quick rays. I don't use tanining beds too often, but when I do I come here.They have pretty good beds and they seem to keep the bulbs changed properly. Whenever I go there the beds are always blazing hot, so I would guess that means the bulbs are good. I am not an expert on tanning beds, but I get dark. That is good enough for me.You have a choice of a few different types of beds when you tan here. Like I said, I am not an expert on tanning beds so I just go in the stand up that is supposed to have the high powered bulbs. 2 minutes is the maximum amount of time for the stand up tanner I use, which is plenty. Sometimes I just go for six minutes and that is plenty of time to get me dark.This place is expensive, but that does not matter to me. I only go there maybe twice a month at the most and I don't use up my minutes that fast. Plus the place is clean!!I don't actually recommend tanning to anyone because I do not think it is healthy for your skin, but if you are going to use tanning beds check this place out.
5	Love this place! Love the location. Love the big guy "Dan" that runs the Joint!!! -I am reposting my review for the other locations that Dan runs!!! Where do I start? I've been going since it was called Tan Las Vegas. Dan knows my name. Never forgets it. Never have to remind him. He's nice! Really. He never pushes anything. Never tries to talk me into anything either. Amazingly knowledgable about everything in the store...and surprisingly in his competitors stores too. He can tell you the pros & cons of any bed. His or his competitors. He's honest enough to admit if the competition had a "cooler, better bed... But will quickly offer to set you up in a better bed than I may be using at that point. :)  The interior of the salon is CLEAN as well as the BEDS!!!He has a ton of tanning lotions & after sun products.  Awesome. I'm not a weekly visitor... I come and go...but it doesn't matter... It's like visiting an old friend!!!
4	Clean, clean, clean.  I don't care how dirt cheap your membership is I don't like the idea of knowing there may be stripper ass sweat still on the bed I'm about to lay on.  Good beds, never had bulbs out or anything.  Ive only seen guys at the front desk, they're always cool, and friendly, you never get the vibe that you are interrupting their facebook time.  They sell lotions and protein powers, but Ive never bought from there so i don't know about the prices.
5	My favorite tanning salon. I've been bed tanning for a couple of years in Vegas Seattle and even France and this place is by far the best. The staff is super friendly and know everything about the beds and products (not having that annoying girl on her phone at the counter who doesn't know how anything works is something very rare in these places.) They have great CLEAN beds (lay down and stand up) and Versaspa. The location on Grand Canyon isn't open very late but there's another on Charleston that's open until 2 or 3 am that I go towhen I get off work late that's has the same great atmosphere. Wouldn't go anywhere else in Vegas!
5	Nice beds and clean facility. Had some confusion over the package we bought and quickly helped us resolve the issue.
