1	Don't waste your time. What a let down. The food was so bad. I'm all for cheap good Chinese. This place is a joke. And to top it off, I asked for some spicy Asian mustard. No kidding, they gave me a cup of Guldens spicy brown mustard ?!?!?
4	I know many people were pissed by the restaurant. I was one of them about two years ago until recently visited the business two doors down and realized they changed the ownership.*** New Owner ***This place has a new owner since September 2010. It's now named "Hot Wok Chinese Restaurant". I decided to give it a shot. I saw a familiar face. The chef is actually from my favorite dim sum place "Phoenix Palace" in Chandler. Obviously, he starts his own business now. Good for him. So I ordered the lunch with a friend of mine. At price of $5.00, I did not expect too much from it, but I have to admit that it tasted really good. Well I hope I was not treated differently. So I went back second time last week and today. I ordered a shrimp (surprising big - See my picture) and asked not to make it too salty. The chef did what I asked for. I will give him 4 stars for now. The food is great for the price, but I think he can do even better since I like what he did at his previous chef job at Phoenix Palace. I don't mind to pay few dollars more for larger portion. He needs to make difference than the previous owner. I will come back again until I tried all the dishes.
3	i like to say its the Filiberto's of Chinese food... kinda dirty/ghetto but good at the same time. good enough to keep me coming back, but not a place i'm going to take out-of-towners. i wouldn't eat in the dinning room but takeout or delivery is fine. i'd say if your on the fence give it a shot, it's worth it. also there is a 15% off coupon on the top of their menu so grab one at the door on your way in to pick it up and save yourself a few bucks.
3	We started with the Spring Rolls which were crispy, and not overly oily like these deep fried goodies can sometimes be.  For the main course, we ordered 2 small dishes - Beef with Broccoli and Garlic Chicken.  It was the perfect amount of food for 2 people.  The Beef with Broccoli was probably close to half beef, half broccoli, so that was good.  The Garlic Chicken had a little spice to it which was tasty, though I really couldn't distinguish any garlic flavor.  The restaurant does have a few tables, so you could eat in, but it seems like it's really more set up to be a take-out joint.I need to try the won ton soup and Mongolian beef before I can give a better or worse rating.  For now "A-OK" is a good description.
4	Whenever I'm sick, Chinese food is my go to cure. There are 3 places by my work, this being one. I saw part of a review saying that they had "good east coast style food" and I was sold. Firstly the online ordering system is brilliant, really more places need this. I placed my order, inputted my personal info, marked it for "pickup", and set out. They called me, seeing that my address was in Tempe, to make sure i knew where they were. This place is very small, and the tables some what crowd what little room there is. This is, however, my new takeout place. East coast style indeed.I had the wonton soup which comes in pint and quart size for takeout. needless to say i had leftovers. The broth was nice and inviting and the wontons were delicious. My chicken fried rice was not the best, but not the worst by far. The crab rangoons though, *drool* creamy and crunchy and everything a rangoon should be.Being from the east coast, i do get a little uppity about certain kinds of foods. For example, most Chinese places down here look at you funny if you as for duck sauce (an orange sweet and sour type sauce that comes on the table along w/ house hot mustard back east). I took a chance here and put in my comments at the end of my order: please include hot mustard (not packets) & duck sauce. And they did. :)
1	Decided to use Hot Wok due to they deliver and near my work. I was craving Chinese food till I took the first bite. I ordered Orange Chicken with White Rice and a order of Pot Stickers there fried version. Wow was i let down. First portion looked to be good but man quality of food was a let down. First Orange Chicken had no texture nor flavor was soggy and i do say soggy as you can get. Second the sauce really was a let down no flavor but i do say the sauce that was at bottom of Chicken did have a little flavor but not enough to go around for portion plus i didn't want the chicken any soggier. Third Pot Sticker ooh my god, really!!!!! soggy as well burnt first of course. No flavor kinda like a place you can feel safe taking you great grandparents due to taste or flavor.lol joking aside man they where just terrible. I would never recommend this spot to anyone should delete them from site that's how bad it was. who knows maybe i just got the wrong night wrong cook but man i am never going back again.
1	I spend a lot of money with this business as it is one of the only Chinese delivery spots in my neighborhood. I'm talking we order at least four or five times a month. Today, I ordered a 4 wing and fries combination meal and the chicken that they sent to me was very undercooked and still bleeding. I took picture of the bloody chicken after the manager of the place was rude and told my 57 year old aunt to "walk" to the establishment after she ordered delivery. He refused to send the driver back out with the refund that we requested and hung up the phone on my aunt. My 57 year old aunt does not drive and it was really rude that he would treat paying customers like this. I intend to write reviews anywhere I can post them about this place and send the pictures to the local news and better business bureau. I'm even going to get the health department involved. DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE AS THEY UNDERCOOK FOOD AND HAVE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
2	I was not a fan of the takeout. The breading is soggy and falls from the meat. The soup was good (hot sour), but everything else we had was not good enough for me to go back. Perhaps if you stay there it would be better. But for takeout I do not recommend this place.
1	Food had no flavor at all and the fried rice was mushy. Tossed the food and delivery menu! :(
1	If you enjoy the taste of grease, you would LOVE Hot Wok. Blech. I stopped in here after leaving Safeway tonight to grab some dinner. I was craving something sweet, spicy, and fried. I ended up ordering a dinner combo of General Tsao's Chicken. I ordered it with the pork fried rice, an eggroll and then ordered a small order of vegetable low mein. The fried rice tasted like oil/grease. Seriously, there was NO other flavor to it. The pork was undetectable in flavor. The General Tsao's Chicken was ridiculously soggy. It's a fried dish so I have no idea why it had absolutely no crispiness to it. And the sauce was all sweet and no spice. It is served "on a bed" of steamed broccoli. Yeah, mine came with two florets that were ice cold. And the low mein? Zero flavor other than oil. It was awwwwwful. All of it was. I didn't even taste the eggroll, I just tossed it in the trash with about 80% of my $14 dinner. Oh, and while I was at the restaurant waiting for my food, the cashier person stood behind the register slurping up a plate of lo mein. It was just gross. I will never EVER eat here again. Even Panda Express is heads and tails above this nasty food.
1	I just ordered this, and when I got it.. I opened it and was so grossed out! The pot stickers looked so slimy like giant boogers in a styrofoam box! The beef with broccoli was no better.. It did NOT taste like beef.. Which makes me wonder what animal is this! It was mooshy and slimy! The fried rice was dry and flavorless... I will NOT be eating here again!
4	We are from out of town and found this place on line. We went there for take-out because the reviews on another site were very good. We ordered a variety of things we like to get from our hometown Chinese restaurant. I have to say we really enjoyed our food. My son and I like shrimp and ordered Walnut Shrimp. We loved it. I noticed some of the reviews seemed to think the food was greasy. I guess I like my Chinese food a little greasy because it was great.
3	We have only ever ordered this for take-out, and overall it's pretty good.  The part I absolutely love is the fact that you can order online. They have always got our order correct, despite the fact that I always fill up with "Notes" section with my extra requests.  The delivery people have been friendly and quick.  As far as the food, it is definitely not my favorite Chinese ever, however, the flavors are decent and they give you a pretty fair portion.  We always go with the General Tso's chicken, Lo Mein, and Dumplings.  Go with fried dumplings, as opposed to the steamed (they're always kind of flimsy).  Lo Mein is normally pretty good.  The ease of online ordering and the fact that overall it's been good is what keeps us still eating Hot Wok.
3	I have always loved this place. Being able to order online is great and deliveries have always shown up within a half hour. The pork fried rice is good. You can order mild, medium or spicy for the heated dishes. It's been my $30 habit to treat my boyfriend and I every other month (or twice a month). However, last week my order showed up 1 AND A HALF HOURS AFTER I ORDERED IT. The spare ribs were tough. The egg rolls very tough and chewy and pulled when you bit in and the centers lukewarm. The pad thai was ordered mild and it showed up very unevenly spiced with the shrimp and some of the pasta noticeably over-spiced for MILD. This was my comfort food. The impression is now ruined.  four or five stars downgraded to 3. It's ok.  I need to look at other places in the area.
5	We frequent here often, the ease of ordering online combined with the taste of fresh cooked food keep us coming back for more.
1	We should have read the reviews first!!  We ordered online for a 5:30 delivery... Our food was delivered at 4:30.  If we had wanted it at 4:30 we would have said so.  The food was tasteless and soggy.  We will never go back.  There are too many good restaurants out there.
5	My husband LOVE this place - we order it probably once a week and our order always includes the Basil Fried Rice - usually with chicken and always extra spicy.  We have tried many different dishes - including beef curry, House Pad Thai, Crab Puffs (super yummy), veggie pot stickers. The only thing we have ever ordered that wasn't a crowd pleaser was the Egg Foo Yong.  The food is the best Chinese I have had in AZ in a long while. We have experience delays in deliveries but it would never be enough to stop us from ordering from them - we could always pickup our order - which we too place online.
1	I am from out of town and was looking for some good Chinese.  I found them online and placed an order.  Seeing that they had online ordering I liked the convenience and was happy they had it.  Upon driving to pick up my order, they never "got it" even though I got a confirmation email.  They were pretty flippant about it and didnt see it as a big deal, saying that it happens "alot"I will not be dining at this place anytime soon.
5	This place is awesome! Convenient online ordering, super fast delivery, and delicious food. I have ordered from them multiple times and have never been disappointed!
1	have ordered from here a lot and tonight tried to order something different a kids meal and got told we are busy and not doing any substitutions. Way to be rude to customers, i took my business elsewhere.
4	I love this place, it's definitely my favorite Chinese Take-Out/Delivery restaurant. I've never had any issues with ordering online, calling in or dining.  I really like the online ordering option. Portions are great, huge in fact. I have a food allergy, and every time I mention it in the comments section my order comes perfectly. Also I can leave a comment that I have a coupon and get the crab puffs free. Ohhh Myyyy!!! The crab puffs are heavenly, absolutely incredible!I read a few of the reviews, someone said it was too greasy, I've never had that experience. Last time I ordered my Sweet & Sour Chicken was a bit dry, that was a surprise because normally it is tender and moist. Every establishment has an off day, so it's nothing that would keep me from going back.When I dine in they are always very nice and accommodating, I'm a picky eater so I often special order. They don't make me feel like this is an issue at all. They even remember how I like things. :-)
5	MMMMMM!I love this place! I have tried basically every fast Chinese restaurant in Chandler. For the price and the fast friendly service, you can't beat it. I ALWAYS call my order in, as of course there are computer glitches and the possibility of your online order getting lost, is feasible. I love the wonton egg drop soup, the crab puffs, and the kung pao! Also, I always get menus dropped off at my doorstep with free appetizer coupons. For the folks who rated this place less than five stars, try any other chinese restarurant in Chandler and see what kind of service you get.HOT WOK FOR LIFE!
4	Last night was the third time I've ordered from here. So far the quality and service has always been good! I ordered the pork dumplings and chicken fried rice. This is one of my favorite Chinese delivery restaurants. Its definitely worth trying!
5	For the prices it's just right! Plus the wifey loves their cheese wontons ! And they remember us every time we order it !
5	Hot, cooked after you order, tasty, great prices.   I've been happy with the food & the service.  The lunch special really can't be beat here in this area.
5	If you're looking for affordable but tasty Chinese, delivered to your house QUICK, then give them a try. Don't expect 5 star dining, they're not that place. And that's fine. For what it is, it's great. We've been ordering from here for a few years and they never disappoint.
5	Yummy and fresh and special made to order! Perfect every time and I've been eating here for 6 years!
5	Being new in town this place was the jackpot. Tried them from flyer on door. Great menu selection. Delivery took a bit but in fairness it was Sat nite at dinner time. Food was well worth the wait. Walnut shrimp was best I've had. Good portion size and shrimp was cooked perfectly. Staff taking my order was friendly and professional. Delivery guy was great as well.
4	This was a cool place...we stumbled upon this place as a coincidence. Glad I did I got of course the Egg Foo Young and it was really really good and made perfectly. I got the dinner special for 8.05 plus tax, came with a fried shrimp and  pork fried rice. Love the deal!Service was cool and also prompt. Came with ton of sauces which you can't go wrong with! If i'm ever back in AZ I could def come back to this spot.  (Damn, I forgot to take a pic. Also my mom and cousin got some stuff I dont remember the name of but it they said it was great.)
5	The wife and I are big fans. We're from New York and decent Chinese food is hard to come by in AZ.  This place works for us. It's a small take out place but we like to eat there. Alex and Amy make it comfortable and friendly. Garlic eggplant was a score.
1	Place seems to be going downhill. It is close to my house and next to my Safeway so our girls like it from time to time. Food has become somewhat greasy and the interior is cluttered.  The owners need to take a close look at this place through a customer's eye. I think they might not like what they see!  In need of cleaning the place up and getting back to preparing the food the way they used to.
5	I'm obsessed with HOT and SOUR soup done extra spicy with seafood. I could eat it every day!
5	Just ordered from here this week. REALLY impressed. Great shrimp egg foo young and egg rolls! The orange chicken was just okay... Seemed like it was skimping on some of the chicken and was a little too saucy. However, it wasn't too salty like a lot of other  Chinese take-out places in Arizona so I can't down them for that.The service was quick, they packed everything you needed without unnecessary spillage and included sweet and sour sauce for the egg rolls without even being asked to, and their prices were great (especially considering you can get egg foo young as a lunch special with fried rice and either an egg roll, soup, or soda). It's hard to find good hole-in-the-wall style Chinese take-out places. This place was clean, their service was great, and I was really pleased with their food so far. Can't wait to go back and try some of their other items!
1	We used to love this place. Last couple of times we ordered the meat was slimy and undercooked. Very nice people that work there but the place has been taking a turn lately.
5	Some of the best freaking Chinese food in Chandler! Received their menu on our door and kept it to give it a try because their prices seemed reasonable and they had our favorite dishes. My brother was in town and we ordered crab puffs, pork lo mein, chicken and string beans, walnut shrimp and the basil fried rice. It was all wonderful and the portion sizes were huge! Nothing like left overs :) I love nice people and the owner was so nice when we picked up! Glad to see us and when I told her it was our first time she replied "wonderful, we will see you tomorrow again!". Boy was she right! We have found our new go to Chinese food restaurant!
3	Usually pretty good but quality seems to be not what it once was. Ordered the sweet and sour chicken and it was very bland overlooked.
