4	Jillian's is hard to put a finger on because it's so many things.  Upscale arcade and bowling, dance club, bar, pool hall and a couple different restaurants.For the purpose of my review, I'm going to focus on the arcade.   I'm a skee-ball fiend and it has some premium lanes.  The whole arcade is very clean and well maintained.  It can be pretty crowded with families of kids but you have to remind yourself that you are on their turf.The downside is that Jillian's uses one of those "credit card" point systems that makes it a little harder to keep track of how much you are actually spending on games.   What ever happened to the honest 1 quarter to 1 token ratio?!
5	Man, oh man.  Have I spent too much time here.  Beyond the standard trips for game play, we've done several birthday parties including the pool table room, their dance club Atlas and their Fire & Ice restaurant. I've done corporate parties at the Bowling center.  Basically, we've been all over it.  And I have to say - it's always a good time.  The bowling area is a bit small, but it has a cool feel to it, and the seating areas are nice while you wait for your turn.  The dance club is... well... easy to take over.  It's not the hottest spot in the area so if you walk in with a crowd you can definitely expect to take over the place.  Pleasant bonus that's hard to get in this part of town.  The restaurants are good.  Nothing over the top amazing or anything, but holds it's own against similar places fairly well.  You can choose from Fire & Ice that does "Bowls" where you put in all the frozen ingredients and then they cook them all for you on one of those gigantic flat wok's.  Then you've got a basic Applebee's kind of food right around the bar upstairs.  This is popular for us so some of us can eat while others on the same level are playing video games.  The bar downstairs has a nice feeling to it.  Big over-sized booths and a huge wood bar against the wall make it seem like a "nicer" spot than the video games upstairs would suggest.  And you can order food while you are there as well.  And the video games themselves are very cool.   Virtual reality games, skee ball, those motorcycle/water-ski games, shooting games, hoops, even some funky pseudo-bowling with these giant screens. Even ones where you can get a prize.  Pretty much something for everyone.  The simple ability to make so many different folks happy, in so many different situations is super awesome.  The fact that it's 18 and over after 10pm - priceless.
3	I have the relative maturity of a 13 year old boy so anything with video games and wings typically ranks high on my list of favorite haunts.   Jillians offers tons of video games a good ticket-prize ratio and alcohol every 10 feet.  If I weren't married I imagine it'd be a good place for a date (remember ladies, 13 y/o). The real reason I'm giving them 3 stars though is their imposter Fire and Ice Restaurant.  We went to a Fire and Ice in Tahoe and its improvisational dining (read: American Mongolian BBQ) rocked our world.   The folks at Jillians (read: Dave & Busters) call it the Market Grill but it's exactly like a Fire and Ice.  The only problem is that the service sucks and they're missing some key ingredients from the buffet.Moreover, the salad bar makes the Sizzler look like the Ritz.
1	First of all, Jillian's is now a Dave and Busters which may have affected some of the services, but it was still fairly bad. I went with a  group of people to eat first and the "Market Grill" was awful! I had been to places with Mongolian grills before and this was hands-down pitiful. They have very little selection and often ran out of food, even while the seventeen managers were bumbling around. The service stunk. The female cook would ALWAYS put a man's food on the grill first, even if you had been waiting there for 5-8 minutes before. It would be one thing if it happened once, but it happened 3 times in a row! It took me and two of my friends almost 20 minutes to get our food. The salad bar was just as bad. I could have gotten better in my own fridge. After almost fainting from the bill ($18.93 for undercooked stir-fry and a salad!), we went bowling. It was totally overpriced and the system is so slow that it took 45 minutes to make it through one game. We wasted 15 minutes because we were told if we went over our hour we would be charged by the minute. No way. Hoping to salvage the night, we went upstairs to get dessert and play a few games. Once again, disappointment. They could barely fit our party into a booth. The dessert were completely overpriced ($8 for a shallow ceramic dish of chocolate with graham crackers, marshmallows and strawberries! Are you kidding me? I have a better fondue set that I got for $10) and looked like it was thrown together. The prices for the games were also way too much. You have to pay to get their official card then pay to put tokens on the card to use to play games that were not as good as the ones we had at home. We ended up leaving, going home to play our own superior and free game systems.It was also weird that we were carded before we went in, but then we saw family after family with children from the age of 6 months to 10 years old. If it's for the whole family, why are you carding us? Why are you making this an "adult" place if basically it's just Chuckie Cheese with booze and without weird characters?
3	Not sure why this Dave and Buster's is classified as a Jillians Restaurant, but whatever.Work conferences can be ok, but once the workday ends, what is there to do?  I couldn't go back home, obviously, so I went searching in my rental.  Luckily, across the street from the JW Marriott there was a Dave and Busters.Ok, so I am used to the D&Bs in both Milpitas and San Diego.  I'm talking crowded, like you have yell at someone 1 foot away from you if you need to talk to them.  Crowded like if you show up after 6pm, the wait for a table at the restaurant is over an hour.  Crowded like you have to throw some elbows around to get a drink.  Oh yeah, and if you show up after 10pm, there is that silly $5 cover charge.  This is absolutely not the case at this D&B.We got there on a Wednesday, so when we checked this place out the first night, I expected it to be empty, and it was.  Fine.  We went Thrusday night, a semi-party night, but again, it was pretty much empty.  Ok.  Friday night rolls around.  This is a party night in any big city, but AGAIN, not much of a crowd.  Saturday night had a slightly higher turnout, but still pretty much an open house.Though it was a little disappointing at first, I came to realize this was a blessing in disguise.  I could walk in at any time, sit at a booth and get served right away.  If I needed credits for my card, I could walk up immediately to a machine and get it recharged.  If there were any games I wanted to play, no lines.  It truely was beautiful.After flipping through their elaborate drink menu, I settled for "The Shizzle."  Thank you Snoop Dogg for placing that suffix into everyday vocabulary.  Anyway, "The Shizzle" did taste great, so props for appropriate use of the word.The one bad memory I had was that my stuffed animal got jacked while I was playing a basketball game.  I wanted to get something for my baby, so I must have pumped at least $10 into that crane/claw game.  Each time the claw decends, grips onto the prize, but then slips out of its grasps encouraged me to keep trying.  Addicting.  After my first one was jacked, I was determined to get another.  With an amazing twist of fate, I got three in one try, so after that I called it a night.Oh yeah, and now that I think about it, I think we got ripped off because we always came at happy hour, but I think they charged us full price for drinks.  Just a tip, always ask for an itemized receipt.
3	We went on  Friday night, and had no wait time for a table, a group of 6.Food was decent but service was a tad slow.We ended up using the bowling alley which was really cute, aside from the stench of feet. Yes, that entire hallway leading to the bowling alley stinks like feet. (I guess the bowling shoes, who knows).They had cosmic bowling with music and video screens, but all that plays on the screens are sporting events.lanes were a bit pricey-$25 an hour on a friday.
1	No, I did not lose a bet I came here by choice.  My bad.I thought it would be mildly entertaining, but it was sad.  Loud, stupid music. Crap games. Full of ass-clowns and kiddo's.Run away! Run very far away!
3	Yes, this place IS LOUD (sorry, was I shouting?)  Good deal on Wednesday: 1/2 off games.  Also, for $15 you get your choice of an entree AND a $10 game card.  (on a wednesday, this lasted a kid 1 hr of playtime).  Otherwise, I think it's not a fun experience for adults: food is not great, don't even get me started on their drinks (ew).  BTW, my pet peeve is they have no prices in their menu for wine, beer, pop, drinks??  What is with that?!With the hot summer months looming before us, yes, I will be back to take kids for a couple more Wednesdays, but the moment their $10 card is empty (or 1 hr - whichever is 1st!), we'll be otta there :-)
3	Came here on a sunday with my brother and his kids. I liked the TV screens all over since the NCAA tourney was on and so I was able to see every game on big screen. Was kinda disappointed in the lack of bowling lanes but it was what it was. Once I got the "hook" going I was unstoppable and we had a good time watching the kids bowl and get all excited. Would come back again.
2	An ok place to bring your kid to play video games, but be advised, load that card with a lot of $ or else you are going to be repeating the reloading process quite often.  Each game takes typically 4-6 credits to play.  The food was miserable, but the wait was absurd.  We were served right away but you would think they had to go and find the cattle to turn it into something.  Service at the counter for coins/cards was nice and helpful, but one bossy lady yelled at my kid for using a video game the wrong way.  I didn't get it...whateva lady.
1	I do not like this Dave & Buster's.  Let me start by saying I am a ridiculous, goofy, immature big kid at heart.  I LOVE arcades and the only thing I love more than that is winning tickets to spend in the prize store.  This location makes me mad though.  Just because I act like a kid does not mean I want to be rubbing elbows with your little rugrats.  I know this is a kid friendly place during the day, but for goodness sakes make them behave!  There are screaming rude children all over here!  I was playing one game while being poked and prodded by a 5 year old wielding a balloon sword.  Not cool buddy.  If you want to let your kids run and scream and misbehave, take them to Chuck E Cheese or Peter Piper, but D&B's is not appropriate for that.  I should also point out that a lot of their machines "forget" to pay out and a good portion of them will just rip you off in general.  I also hate that I have to go upstairs to go to the main event.  That's not cool at all.  I hate this D&B and I will not go back.
3	This used to be "Jillian's", BTW, for those wondering...Food: Overpriced bar food. Eat elsewhere first unless money is no object for you. I recommend "Slices", great pizza joint just across from D&B (more or less). Hell, lots of restaurants at Desert Ridge which are better choices. I would only eat here if I was starving after an hour or so of games.Drinks: Overpriced. My suggestion: bring a bottle opener from home. Park between D&B and Total Wine. Walk to Total Wine and buy a bottle of good beer. Open it (outside!) with the aforementioned opener and drink it while walking back to D&B to get your buzz on. Maybe buy an extra one or two to stash in your car, so you can top off your liver. I absolutely refuse to pay for drinks here, since they are already ripping you off for the credits you have to spend on video games.Service: I usually don't eat or drink here but I gotta say that the few times I've had to interface with wait staff/help... well, they don't exactly go out of their way to be helpful but they are not jerks either, and that does count for something.Games: well first of all, the scam is that you buy credits that go onto a card with a magnetic strip, but it's kind of hard to do the math to figure out the credits-per-dollar exchange rate, and then figure out how much each game is costing you if you had just been able to pump quarters into it like the old days. I am just curious what they are charging me per game, and I think I have finally figured out it's rather high, of course depends on what game you are playing.Suggestions for not getting shaken down too badly by D&B:1) Go on 1/2 price Wednesdays.2) Join their club, every month they will send you coupons. Some of them are "Buy $10 get $10 free", but other times they have actually sent me $10 free in gameplay. That's $10 free without having to buy any credits. However you can't use these on 1/2 price Wednesday, so just go on some other day if you can, charge up your card, then go back on 1/2 price Wednesday.3) If you like old school games like Donkey Kong or Galaga, they got that and you can play them pretty inexpensively, especially on 1/2 price Wednesdays.4) Attain Gold status; you save 10% in credits once you've charged up your card with a certain number of credits over time.Prizes: they almost all SUCK and you will usually pay much more by trying to earn tickets to get the few things worth having in the store, than if you had just gone out and bought it with your cash at the department store. I got a decent coffeemaker only because I found a bagful of tickets someone had abandoned, and I got the remaining tickets I needed by shrewdly choosing to play Trivia when lots of people were playing. I totally rock at trivia and in one evening (1/2 price Wednesday of course!) I easily accumulated the tickets I needed with only $10 out of pocket (got an additional $10 credit free thanks to a coupon or something).All in all, I don't mind coming here every so often but only when I can figure out a good way to game their system, because otherwise it is a VERY expensive way to play arcade games and drink/eat. They must hate people like me!!!Downstairs they have a shit-ton of large screen TVs; it's a decent place to go just for strictly sports bar type of activities (like watching a Suns playoff game). Again, the food and drinks are overpriced but having so many big screen TVs all over the dang place kind of makes up for it. The upstairs arcade area seems kind of small compared to what I would expect and compared to what I hear the back-east D&B's look like. Also it seems the stairs keep the rugrats away, I see a lot of complaints about them but I rarely see them upstairs.NOTE ON CREDITS: OK I think if you spend $12 you get 60 credits. That's 20 cents a credit. Most of the games 'cost' around 4 to 5.6 credits (they are almost always fractions, not whole numbers). So you're paying about a buck a game, which is on the high side I think, though again if you go on 1/2 price Wednesdays I think that is quite reasonable; if you attain Gold status you get another 10% off the credits charged against your D&B card.So if you can score one of those 'buy $10 credit get $10 credit free' coupons, and IF you go on 1/2 price Wednesdays, it's quite a deal for gaming. But the food and drink prices are still way high (especially considering the food is completely average, you'll never tell anyone you ate really well here) and there is just no getting around that.
2	Peter Piper for grown-ups. I knew we were in for an expensive evening here, but we wanted to do something "interactive and fun" (my friend's words) for a couples' date. For a grand total of about $175 for two, there were soooo many other things we could have done which would have included better-tasting food, better service, cheaper drinks, and better comedy. We had a great time with our friends, but we would have fun with them anywhere. At least the Super Trivia game paid off enough in tickets to bring home Fun Dip for my kids.
4	I like the fact that you can GAMBLE at this place.  I mean, who DOESN'T want to gamble with their points to earn tickets to get that piece of candy in the shop for 55 million tickets???I say that sarcastically, but it's actually pretty fun.  I like the trivia, I like the bar downstairs, I like the bar upstairs, I like the bowling alley... what I love is that you can drink while playing arcade games.  It's just a blast.
1	Absolutely terrible. Having been to the location in Milpitas CA and Jillians in Charlotte, NC. i had high hopes. Its nice to be able to act like an overgrown child without having to contend with kids running around everything. (Both of the other places didn't let underage kids in after 5pm.)Yet I come here, and its like I was walking into a Chuck E Cheese with beer. Kids running around all over the place, playing on all the stuff I wanted to play. Finally get to play whatever, and some parent is standing over your shoulder because their kid wants in. I don't hate kids or anything, but damn. The food and drinks absolutely cannot make up for how much the place sucks. Their game selection is also wanting, but I've said enough.
3	D&B is a great place for the family to go have some fun in doors playing video games, bowling, and shooting pool.My 10 year old son really enjoys this place compared to the other places that have indoor games.  We like to compete on the driving, skiing and trivia games.  It's a good time if your into playing like a kid!! We usually don't eat here for there are better options for dinning near by.  The service is usually very good.  We started a game that stopped mid-way through and one of the managers gave us credit for the game.  Then he gave us an extra game card with some credits as a token of his appreciation for coming to D&B! Wow a guy and what service!The kiddo's like redeeming their tokens for toys and stuff in the gift shop.  Sure the options to choose from are cheesy, but the kids really enjoy picking out a new toy.I recommend planning a head and going on a day they are running a special like on Wed they had 1/2 priced games.  Have some fun with your family and friends being a kid again!
2	Our friend's girlfriend wanted to surprise him by having a few of us meet them & their kids here for his bday this past Saturday. We decided to meet at the bowling alley & bowl for a couple hours. It was pretty early, around 5:30pm, so we skipped ordering food & went straight for drinks. The kids (there were 6 total, ages 2-8) all got their sodas & chocolate milk, while the adults all got beer. Well except me, I tried their candy shop cocktail, it was yummy but I could barely taste any alcohol, so I went with double vodka cranberries instead. These lanes sucked! I am by no means a pro, but I was shittier than usual here. The things that come down after you roll your ball down the lane would do so before my ball even reached the pins, causing some pins that should have been knocked over to stay up. Pretty annoying! The cost is $25 per hour & $3 for shoes, you can fit up to 12 people in 1 lane so it's a fair deal. After bowling we went up stairs to the arcade area to let the kiddies play some more. My hubby & I were the only ones there without any little ones so we were bored pretty quickly. We were getting hungry so I ordered him a philly cheese steak (came with fries) & myself the soft pretzel bites. Hubs said his sandwich was ok, fries were good & my pretzel bites were pretty good, the dipping sauces sucked though. Overall, I'm sure this is a fun place to take your kids but for us it was just ok & way overpriced. I'd rather eat somewhere else in the future & come here for games (not bowling though) only, especially on Wednesdays when they have half priced games & during happy hour would help too.
4	I love video games and we had a D&B card that we purchased in Hawaii while on our honeymoon.  We decided to see how much was left on the card and kill some time this afternoon.  Turns out we had like 20 bucks left on it so we played a bunch of games.  We played some racing games, some skeeball, some basketball, air hockey etc.  They even have this virtual reality ride/game thing.  2 people sit in these reclining chairs, you pay your money, then you get to pick 6 scenarios to "play".  We chose the spooky mine ride and some car racer game.  Basically you sit back and watch this screen in front of you, all the while your chair moves, fans blow on you to simulate wind etc.  It was pretty cool.  It kind of jerked you around in some parts though and my head was banging against the headrest.  I didnt like that aspect of it but other than that it was fine.   Oh yeah....I played a shitload of The Claw games....I am pretty good at them and love playing them.  I got 3 bears in uniform...Red Sox, Phillies and Cavs, as well as a bowling pin looking animal for my dog Chief to play with when we get back.  It was a solid Dave and Busters and we had fun while we were there.
4	Dave & Busters is a fun place that my boyfriend and I have been going to for many years, (back when it was Jillian's) and always have a good time. The games are fun, the bowling alley is cool, the drinks are good I mean what's not to like. I will admit the food is not the best but it's a game place so who really goes there to eat? They change the games every so often to keep up to date & I love the "casino" feeling games where you win tickets when you push tokens over the edge. How funny it is to sit and watch grown adults so into games!  Its even fun to take the kids with us sometimes (shhh don't tell them we go by ourselves on 1/2 price game day!) our 4yr old is at the age where he really gets into some of the games. We take family here when they come in town for a fun night as well. Dave & Buster's gets 4 stars in my book, really no complaints here.
1	A group of 8 of us walked into Dave and Busters tonight for dinner and a little game play. I was happy to see that the dining room wasn't crowded with only one couple at a booth. We were greeted by an employee and in a less than charming voice she said, "it's open seating." We proceeded to enter the dining room and there was no visible seating for groups larger than 4, so we started to move and pull tables together while the staff did nothing to help. After all, they must have been very busy with that one table full of two people! The waitress came around and took our drink orders. I was thrilled  to have learned that happy hour was until 7:30. I ordered a half priced very berry mojito. The drinks came, I didn't quite care for my drink, it was very very sweet. Almost like drinking koolaid. I was still in the drinking mood and was up for trying another half priced drink before happy hour was over, but our drink glasses sat empty for a long time with no waitress in sight. Our waitress finally returns from the abyss, asks two people at our table if they would like refills, and ignores the remaining 6 people. Really?! I was thinking this surely must be one of those 'What Would You Do?" shows, but unfortunately it wasn't and the lack luster service went on throughout the meal. Speaking of our meal. We waited for what seemed to be an eternity for our food to arrive and when it did only half of us received our meals. The waitress got lost once again in the abyss during this time and drink glasses remained empty. Too bad because there would have been a lot more alcohol consumption.  I tried to be gracious and wait till my buddies got their food, but  I was starving by this point and dug in.  I got the jack daniels chicken/power card combo. I asked to have the green beans, but was informed that they no longer served the green beans. Last time I visited, I had the green beans and they were well seasoned with just the right amount of crunch, tonight I was served a few different pitiful looking pieces of broccoli and carrots. The chicken was two paper thin pieces. I'm not exaggerating, paper thin! The mash potatoes were like wall paper paste! And they messed up two of the steak orders at the table. They were served very well done when the order was for medium rare. Also, I overheard  my friend comment that his steak tasted like saw dust. There were various mistakes with the other orders as well...wrong sides, etc. After the meal, we went to play the games. The games were fun and I thought of it as Dave and Buster's very clever way to have me forget about the gawd awful service and food I just endured. But all in all it wasn't fun enough to make me forget to post on yelp and warn my fellow yelpers! Eat somewhere else and visit here to  play the games after! You have been warned!
4	I'm not kidding when I say these were the best nachos I've ever had. Amazing chili flavor with the chicken, black beans, fresh chips. Just great.Others at the table had THE MAC 'n Cheese and said it was pretty good as well.I still don't understand how some of the "games" aren't considered straight-up gambling. There was a teenage girl sitting at a slot-machine that dispensed tickets. Yes, it isn't money, but still is just a little too close to a Vegas slot machine for my taste. And I have loose morals.Just sayin'.
2	It seems the best days are behind D&B.  The games are now 70% games of chance that dispense tickets like you would see at a Chucke E Cheese.  The other 30% are primarily racing type games and all of the games we played were clean and in good working order.  I was put off by all of the ticket dispensing games and wanted to see way more arcade games.  They only had 3 machines that were 80s classic.  It's very loud in here but that's typical of any places like this.As for the food... not so good.  I ordered a half rack of ribs and a good portion of it was very fatty.  The garlic mashed potatoes were good but the onion strings or whatever they were tasted very bland.  The service was good tho and our server was attentive to drink refills and checked on us very often.
4	It's a good place to take some older kids- or if you're an adult looking for some grown up fun too.  We save our cards and just buy credits in bulk... we end up coming here often enough that it makes the purchase worth it.
4	This place not only offers fun and excitement for the variety of arcades, but also offers great food. The best dessert is the chocolate cake, so decadent and rich.
3	The food is really nothing special. In fact it's kind of bland. The drinks are just drinks. Again theres nothing totally great about it!  Playing pool is fun and there is always an open table.The location is good and it's fun to play games when you are tipsy.  It's good times there but noting super awesome.
4	Having been to Dave & Buster's in California, I was pleased to see one nearby in Phoenix.  Our family enjoys the games and food offered at D&B's.  It's not the best bar food you ever had, but it's alright.Some of our favorite dishes...Chicken Sandwich & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=pL9gMcMhSu66djzRs0EE0gSliders, Wings, & Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=duqkD08yPYfZzK2BdwXSOwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=gmI2y1_o4YxyNsuhu4-PGAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=-SYnpluFm_tcBObKnYpR1wChicken Sandwich w/Bacon & Sweet Potato Frieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=EkZL6PdNv4kkgopmT6IK8gBesides the video games, my Son and I enjoy shooting pool on their championship size (9 ft) pool tables.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=_L7O1ZhQ9EDnO1LHv9b10ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=6IveT3g9EW-lLEjwbrblZQOverall, it's one of our favorite places to go where the entire family can enjoy a night out.  They serve alcohol at the bar and restaurant, so the adults can enjoy themselves while the kiddos play games, bowl, shoot pool.Return Factor - 100%
3	Friday - Check. Wellness day at work - Check. Free food and game card- Check, Check, check. Seriously how can this be a bad day when you are get to leave work and go eat and play games. The good thing about it was that it was early in the afternoon so it was not as packed with kids. Although there were a handful that were there that lead me to the question why the hell weren't ya'll in school?At any rate, we had a grand ole time playing all the different games and trying to get as many tickets as possible. I was stuck on Fruit Ninja since I like to play that came on my Xoom. I swear it wore me out lol. Seriously though, it was great way to spend the afternoon with my crazy coworkers. I doubt if I will go on a Friday night, but during the week or early on the weekend, maybe.
3	It's the chuck e cheese for adults. I like going here when there are kids playing ticket games and they(and/or the parents) fail to hit the jackpot.  That's where I come in to hit the jackpot they've help accumulate.  Their food is decent. You can't go wrong with the blackened chicken pasta. I do miss their tempura mushrooms and rib-eye steak entrees.  Great place to watch sports. They have two large projectors along the bar and flat screens against the walls. It's a great place to grab a quick bite, a few drinks, watch some sports, and play games. At least the ticket redemption area has prizes worth saving tickets. You're paying for the entertainment at the same time trying to win prizes, though it would be easier to just go to some electronics store and buy prize you see in the glass case.I came back after locating my California D&B card number to roam in Phoenix so I could redeem a big prize with my tickets, but the staff weren't able to do it.  I was told they would be able to do it with just my account number.
5	One of my favorite places to go to for kid's birthday parties. Why, you ask? Because the party itself is DOWNSTAIRS and away from the jangling machines and sugar crazed munchkins. You do the cake, presents, food the kids scramble up the stairs or elevator- and you can either enjoy the semi-quiet of the party area or go upstairs to play and watch the munchkins. Now that mine are older- I am LOVING the option to OPT OUT of the gaming area.
3	My employer had their company Christmas party here this past Friday.  Let's start with the only downside to having the party here, the food.  While it is hard to complain about free food, I will.  It was a buffet with nothing good going for it.  Enough said,  The rest of the experience was excellent.  We bowled and it was so fun (and funny) at times.  And we were each provided with game cards so I was able to drive race cars and pretend shoot things, awsome.   I won a bunch of tickets on other games and caught a stuffed bear in a claw game.  Everyone seemed to have fun.   Now I do believe that there are some people who believe themselves to be too old to enjoy video games and bowling, but not me or my coworkers.  We all had a blast.  So you have to let out your inner child to fully enjoy this type of venue.  I have no idea how much money I would have spent had it not been covered by my employer.    I imagine it would have been about $50 plus with all that was included.  Nice, clean place to play some games.
4	Ok, let me just start off by saying that I DON'T come here for the food.  It's not bad, but it sure ain't awesome.What I come here for is:  The games (TRIVIA), the drinking while gaming, and the tickets that I can exchange for total garbage, like my totally sweet marshmallow shooter that I freeze marshmallows and then shoot people with.I've had some awesome times here.  I was skeptical at first, but now I'm definitely a convert.I'm just glad I wasn't thrown out for screaming curse words at trivia and not realizing there was a 10 year old next to me.  (Don't judge me, it was like 9 at night, what was he doing in there???)
3	I went here a few times back when it was still Jillians. It's changed alot now that it's Dave and Busters. I've been to this location twice now that it's Dave and Busters. December 2011 visit: We had an office work party on a Friday night this past December. We planned the event only a month beforehand, so our choices were limited where our table could be. It was either the bowling lanes downstairs or the table upstairs right in the heart of all the video gaming. If you plan to have an office party/event here, now I know that you plan a few months in advance. December gets to be a really busy time for holiday parties, so no procrastinating! I didn't expect much from the food at a game place, but i was pleasantly surprised. You cannot go wrong with the make your own taco plate. They serve the taco plate - fajita style, so you get your flour/corn tortillas with separate toppings on a a platter. Since I ordered mine with shrimp, which come on a skewer, I didn't feel so over-bloated that I couldn't play games. The artichoke dip was a good appetizer. There's even an appetizer that combines beef sliders with hot wings so you don't have to make a choice between the two. The sliders aren't amazing, but they are good. April 2012 visit: Although back in December, for the office holiday party, it wasn't too crowded around 7pm, when I returned for my husband's birthday (well the day after his birthday) on April 14th, on a Saturday, the place was super packed! When I called the restaurant beforehand to see if it was crowded on Saturday night, the hostess said it wouldn't be a problem to seat 6 of us around 7-ish, but boy was she wrong.We had to wait a whole hour after we got there at 7pm to get seated at the restaurant downstairs. After dinner (close to 9:30pm), there was a line wrapping all the way to the stairs just to get game cards. It was too crowded to move anywhere since there were kids running everywhere with their parents. It was sheer pandemonium! We still had fun, but expect huge crowds on Saturday nights. Maybe Friday is a better time to go? Even Thursday would be better if you don't have to work the next day...
3	It's ok. I went with a group recently and we waited an exceptionally long time, but I felt sufficient effort was made to leave us happy customers. It's a fun place to hang out when there's nothing else exciting going on in town or when you just want a low key evening. Great for kids during the day, but it's definitely for adults in the evening.
2	I went for the first time ever on Tuesday night with a group of friends. We sat down to order food and drinks. It wasn't a particularly busy night, and workers were just standing around and goofing off. We sat at a table and the server did not seem excited in anyway to take our order. I ordered a beer that took over 5 minutes to get to me. There is no reason it should have taken so long. She also was slow at getting us more drinks when we were low. Our food arrived pretty quickly though and we chowed down. We were ready to play some games after the beer and food, but we ended up waiting and waiting for the server to come by. She never did so we ended up having to grab a manager to get our tab. BOOOO, BAD SERVICE. I was not impressed.The games were a lot of fun, and the happy hour is a tremendous deal. I'm severely disappointed the service wasn't better, otherwise this review would have been 4 stars.
3	Its been a year since I've been here, but the selection of games is way too casual. There are almost no fighting games, at least the last time I was there.
1	The restaurant here is horrible. The food is okay, nothing special but not awful. However, the service is probably the worst I have ever experienced. I went with a group of coworkers and the waiter repeatedly screwed up. He forgot our orders and had to come back and ask, brought somebody the wrong drink and somebody else got the wrong entree, and to top it off, he charged us for more food than we actually ordered. Luckily one of my coworkers caught the mistake. We talked to the manager and he gave us extra game cards which really didn't make up for the horrible service but at least it was something. I do not recommend this place for food
4	Food is whatevers, drinks the same. However, this DnB compared to the one in Tempe is much better if your'e really just interested in getting some game time in. The on at Tempe Marketplace is crazy busy, like 11 people waiting in line to play basketball crazy. When I go to an arcade and am already dropping 20+ bucks to play games I want that gaming experience to be nonstop. However, the drive is really far for someone that lives in Gilbert... so that's really the only reason why it gets a 4 star.
2	Well service sucked I had a group of people took 10min for some one to get to are table I had to get management to get involved not a good experience
2	Why Meh?  The state of repair on the games made this a voyage of discovery, e.g, with a 2 hour unlimited card I could work out which machines actually worked:) .I'd rather have a downed machine than something that is unplayable but maybe I'm just unlucky that I hit the 4/5 games with issues in my first plays. End Ghost Recon.. gun on left won't hold steady target  jumps all over. Opposite of it : Need for speed Carbon has a intermittent brake pedal which won't let the car go too fast)Mechwarrior 4/ Beach-head 2000 unit.. Hideously slow , jumping frames, jerking hydraulics, broke after playing. Can't get 8 way direction on left side of tekken 5 Gave up and played Galaga after that:) Yeah left / right fire that works:/Variety is lacklustre, Shoot, Drive , and oh shoot AND drive is about all you get with rare fighting games, not a single vertical  / horizontal scroller
4	One of the best burgers that I have had. I had the Philly cheesesteak burger which was juicy and delicious! I wanted a side salad with it but would have been charged $2.50 extra - so I opted not to go for a healthy side. The waitress and the manager were extremely nice and attentive.
1	I planned my daughter's  7th birthday here.  I set up the party plans with a coordinator at their HQ in Dallas.  Originally planned for 14 people and then changed the number down to 10.  After the bill arrived I spoke with the GM about the over charges (for 14 ppl) and he was such a prick about it. He wouldn't even look at the emails that I had between myself and the party coordinator stating that I was paying for 10 people.There was a lack of communiation between the Dallas people and the Dave & Busters at Desert Ridge.  No one ever confirmed the # before we got going. This could have been avoided.  I would have had the chance to leave and take my business elsewhere.  The GM completely ruined the day by being such a jerk about it.  I got a call from the assistant GM last night (after he read my poor survey review online)  and he tried to make it right by offering me credit towards their establishment.  Uhhh...I don't think so.  I will never be back.  I have never gotten such bad service from a restaurant manager before. We were overcharged and I just want the overcharge fees back.  I will happily pay for the rest. Do not plan your child's birthday party here.  The only reason I came here is because It is the only bowling alley up towards North Scottsdale/Cave Creek, where we live.It is a huge rip off and I will never be back.Be warned.
4	My son and I just visited this location yesterday for dinner. We sat in the bar area and had great service. I had a special drink request, and the bartender had no problems with it. We asked to share an entree and it came that way to the table. When my son wasn't ready to eat it when it came, they offered to put it back under the lamps to keep it warm. When my son finally returned (from playing games) the waiter said that the manager didn't like the appearance of his entree, so they prepared him a brand new one. Now, that's service. We had a chicken w/shrimp dish. We got a $20 power play card and entree for $25. My only disappointment was that they got rid of the "Deal or No Deal" game!
4	We were here to attend a company holiday party. The food was buffet style and consisted of salad, rice with pineapple, carrots, green beans and chicken with a super yummy sauce. After reading some of the food reviews I was pleasantly surprised. We also had access to shuffleboard and pool tables. For the most part the service was very good with the exception of one guy who asked if we wanted change after we paid a $12 bill with a $20...um duh!
4	I may be a bit biased on this review (just being honest and saying in advance) cause' I haven't paid a dime to do anything at this establishment, even though I have been here 3 times now.  The reason: company party.  Open bar.  Lol.  The last time we were there was this year at our fiscal end-of-year party.  The company rented out the entire bowling alley!!  The staff was totally cool, chill and repeatedly checked on our status.  I am talking a waitress that kept coming every 5 minutes or so to check up on us and get whatever we wanted. It was very nice to have the bowling alley to our own company and not have to share it as we have done in the past on the second floor of the building.  Anyway, the only qualm I had was a manager came in after we had been there a while and started telling people they weren't going to serve them anymore alcohol (even though they were FAR from drunk and were not acting out in any manner at all).  I thought that  bit ridiculous.  How do these people determine a person is too drunk to drink?  The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating because of that manager telling all kinds of people they wouldn't be served any more alcohol.
3	Food okay fit the bill for the kids they had a great time playing the games.
5	Fun!! I want to have my party here. The food was good and the games were fun. I like being money less and not having to touch coins, yay for plastic money! It's like the kid version of vegas here! Or the adult version of chuck e. cheese! Ill be back to watch a sports game and play video games.
3	Great place to go if you want to feel like a kid again. Very young crowd. Fun games and average food.
4	Decent place to take a date, although Sunday afternoon is full of kiddies. Most games there are pretty fun, but of course the prize ticket amounts are nutso. The best prize though with a limited amount of tickets (200) was the wire head massager. I found a great buy $10, get $20 worth of play coupon and it's $2 extra for the card, which you can use for life I guess. Too bad my date was barely 5ft and not too much fun, but can't blame D and B for that mess.
2	I arrived on a Wednesday night at 10:30 pm at the Platinum lounge for country dancing, but nobody was there. Dancing must have stopped at 10 or earlier. Supposedly free lessons were given at 7 but nobody hung around very long.The dance area is large (that is the one good thing about it!). Most of the area is cement tile and a portion is linoleum that looks like fake wood. It's very cheesy to say the least to have two different surfaces. Was the linoleum too expensive? The dance floor is in front of the bar so when it's crowded people who are walking around will get in the way of dancers. I doubt serious dancers will frequent the Platinum room very often because the room layout is too hazardous and the hard sticky floors will cause injuries. My guess is that hip hop and freestyle dancing to rock music will dominate. It's definitely oriented to youngsters that want to party and to do freestyle dancing.The spacious billiard room has a good wood floor. Go figure!This review is only for the Platinum Lounge at D&B and with dancing in mind. See other reviews for the rest of this very large club. I will update this review when I go dancing there.
2	My family and I love D&B but today the upstair sitting area to eat was horrible service. They had like 8 tables free but all dirty and not cleaned up from previous customers. We are sitting here watching no service anywhere. We are still sitting here after 20 mins with no service at all. Talked to bartender twice now to get us a server seems they cant find one either.
4	Great date night!
4	I have always enjoyed this particular Dave and Busters. It is usually quieter then the one in Tempe. I know, I know....if I am coming here why am I looking for "quiet". The games are all in working order and nice condition, they just added new ones, and for some reason my 2 year old has an uncanny knack for winning the ticket jackpots. Go figure.The food is always really good, have the coronarita (but get it in strawberry it is DELICIOUS).Dave and Busters is our go to place to meet up and do gift exchanged every year for Christmas with our friends. Its a tradition. I am really glad someone had the idea that arcades don't have to be dingy and can be for adults. Hello we all did grow up in the 80's right? (Well at least my generation did).All in all, really like this place and if you sign up for the players card emails you get really great coupons.
4	My wife and I like to go to D&B because we signed up for the online mailer and get lots of coupons. We always have a good time.Their happy hour specials are good, and half-price Wednesday is a great value (but take note: they don't take their coupons on Wednesdays)I have fond memories of the arcade from when I was young, and now there is an arcade for grownups that serves beer!There are still kids running about, but establishment policy is pretty strict about unattended minors, and there is an adults-only curfew at about 10pm I think.
4	Out of all the locations in the valley for D and B this my family's favorite spot! Sign up for their coupons online and they will always hook you up. We have only ever eaten at this location and it is okay but you know you really go for the games. So check it out on 1/2 price game night which is Wednesday!
3	I give it three stars.The restrooms are NOT clean. The staff are ok they kind a friendly...you have to watch them because you can be playing a game and they will unplug it. I don't know why this is but they give u free turns on other games should this happen.
3	3.5 I'm honestly not sure what I was expecting since it was a D&B but here we go. Service: The hostess was a bit absent minded. She sent us upstairs (with a baby in a stroller mind you) to go to a table that was available but we get up there were none available. So back down we go. Our friends with the baby were obviously quite annoyed. We get seated and our server is also really slow but nice. He even offered to split mine and my bfs meal on two plates since we were sharing, which was a nice touch. Food: We ordered apps. Pretzels were just ok, but my friends loved the potato poppers (& $1 to make a wish left a good warm feeling). I also got the tortilla soup which was yummy. Now my steak, which as previously mentioned they split for free and separated for us (very nice), was unfortunately cold, really rare (asked for med rare) and so gristley I could hardly eat it. Drinks: I ordered some cherry adult beverage (cherry mojito?) that was really good. Games: The usual, but they weigh the tickets instead of count them and that may be cheating... Tickets are worth 2 so I hope they double the weight!
3	It's a good place to take my young son to kill some time and entertain him - but it's pricey that we will spend $25 on a player card for 150 points and each game ranges from 5-11 points to play.  You get tickets for games that you play depending on how well you do and you can trade your tickets in for a "prize".  In the end, for $25, we got 721 tickets which equated to 200 points for a laffy taffy candy and we have saved the rest to save up for "next time" to get more tickets so the boy can get a stuffed angry bird (of which we could probably get a cheaper one at a store).  I couldn't justify spending the rest of the tickets on candy costing upwards past 200 tickets.
4	Come here every now and then for fun arcade time!  Nice place, good clean atmosphere.
3	Great place for food and fun.  Food isn't the best, but you get what you pay for.  Games can be expensive if you are spending more than 2 hours here playing non-stop.  On the weekends after 9pm, you have to be at least 21 y/o with a Valid ID to be in it.  They will have people checking ID's at the entrance.
4	I preface this by saying that I am not really a video game person. At least not to the extent that my husband and son are. That having been said, I had a total blast at D&B. There is something there for everyone, in every skill level. A big group of us went to have some fun for my hubby's birthday. Love the prize options to purchase with your game tickets. Love that the games are pretty generous in giving out tickets---or I'm better than I think I am at video games. I had a great time and I'm looking forward to going back.
4	My husband and I came to Dave and Buster's for a date night on a Friday.  I anticipated the place being full of obnoxious kids running around like chickens with their heads cut off, but luckily, that was not the case.  We got a card and loaded it with $20, got a couple of beers (only one local beer on tap-Kiltlifter) and proceeded to play the night away.  I am a total trivia buff so I loved playing the trivia game (and beating everyone who sat down at the game with me.)  I also loved the ski ball game and the basketball game.  We played a couple of games of air hockey too.  We especially loved that a girl that worked there kept coming around and giving us tokens to play a coin game where you can win a lot of tickets.  We called her "The Coin Fairy."  She visited us a couple of times and gifted us with tokens, which made my husband very happy.
4	The games are a lot of fun. And the food is actually very good. We ordered the Philly cheese steak and ribs with Mac and cheese. The chefs in the back forgot that we requested no onions on the cheesesteak, so when they brought it back they brought it back with no veggies as well. We didn't mind but our waiter noticed and he realized it and decided to take the extra step in getting some veggies for us. It was extremely thoughtful! Our waiter was very good and he was fairly attentive. His name was Justin and he knew the items well and the best way to handle situations big or small. The games were so much fun. We ended up with a ton of tickets.. Got a few of the items (not much to choose from) which wasn't too fun and then decided to give the rest away to some cute little kid. It was a great time and money and time well spent playing video games for tickets. Too bad it wasn't money lol.
3	Honestly, I came here just for the arcade and it seemed very limited if you compare it to Castles & Coasters. One machine also ate a lot of our credit and we reported it but the technician never arrived. Whenever a machine doesn't work properly at C&C and you report it, they're on it ASAP. In addition to that, the multiplayer game mode on some machines was not programmed so games where you could play multiplayer on normally like at C&C was not programmed properly here. D&B also has pool tables in the back on the 2nd floor and a restaurant on the 1st floor. A bar with the arcade is on the 2nd floor and I believe you can order food there as well. It was a mediocre experience. I would much rather have eaten dinner somewhere else and then have gone to Castles & Coasters. I actually will do that next time. And probably do mini golf too.I mean if you're a fan of pool and like beer and have kids this is probably the place for you. If you like the arcade and want to spend most of your time there, go to C&C.
1	Rude hostess, actually said "that's not my fault" for the 30 minutes we wasted there trying to find a waiter. Yes, it certainly WAS your fault. You seated us in a filthy area of your abandoned restaurant and everyone I saw was either long since done or still waiting to see a server. Bad job of the management, servers, and waitstaff. Congrats Dave & Busted!  If only negative stars were an option...
1	I went there on 03/14/2014 and had dinner with my family. We also played but later that night around 11PM my son began throwing up bad!! he was sick non stop all night and slept on the bathroom floor with me ( I stayed with him). The following day at 1:00 I took him to Urgent Care to find out he had food poisoning and a bad case of it too! He was sick for a week. Then I went home and called I spoke to a manager by the Name of Nate and I asked for my money back. He said he would just send us some stuff that would make up for it, I said ok but guess what it is not April 3,2014 and nothing I live close so it should have come no problem. I am not going to contact the corporate offices and then a lawyer. My child got sick from chicken strips, I am not being unreasonable but I had medial bills and time off work. I feel that refunding my food cost is reasonable. I am highly disappointed, not only cause he got sick but because the ethics carried in the situation was none at all by the staff at this company.
3	Ate here and then had some fun playing games and shooting pool.  My meal was pretty bad: a sampler platter with shrimp, chicken and steak on skewers all served over rice pilaf.   Meh.  My friend and I were there on a Wednesday, however, so things weren't all bad (he, by the way ordered the cheesesteak sandwich and it looked pretty good).  On Wednesdays there's a discount on domestic drafts and cocktails (half off on the latter -- how does a large-ish mojito for under 4 bucks strike you?).  Also, games (including pool) are half price!   $6 an hour per table for pool is pretty awesome!  The Billiards room there is actually pretty nice, too.  Clean, level tables and straight cues with no missing tips.  Go for the pool hall...the jury's still out on the food.
4	Alex was our second server. She was fantastic. I would request her as a server again. However, as I said, she was our second server. Our first server finally greeted us after what I can only assume was a 15 minute battle over who had to take our table. He unenthusiastic-ally came to the table, never introduced himself. After giving him our drink order he disappeared. About ten minutes later Alex walked over drinks in hand and asked us if we were ready to order. Surprised, I asked if she was taking over, She responded that Alex had gone home. This is perfectly fine, but usually includes an introduction to a new server. Regardless, I would have expected him to have worked that last ten minutes of his shift, and bring our drinks. We had not received Kids menus for our 2 small children from server one. Alex was kind enough to list off options for our children and prompt accommodated us. She was an excellent server and saved us from a terrible experience with someone who clearly had better things to do than his job. Food was great and we had an awesome time playing games. I wont knock stars for a servers bad day, but I hope he reads this and remembers that I go out to eat so I can have a good time. You get paid to make sure all your guests have a good time. Keep us in mind, even when you really want to go home.
1	I use to go to Dave & Busters all the time and I literally mean all the time.  I've often grab lunch there and hit up their pool tables.  However I haven't been there in years and some of my friends apparently enjoy frequenting the place.We decided to go there to hang out for the night and grab some drinks and play some games.  I admit a couple of the games were actually pretty fun, but most of them were really overpriced.  But that's not really what my review is based on.My review is based on the bar service specifically.  My friend and I stood at the bar and waited for someone to look at us, acknowledge our existence or at least show you see us.  I've had this happen at plenty of bars and clubs before, I get it that you're busy and even if you see us you have to service those who came first.  I'm pretty okay waiting my turn, however after others were serviced two of the bartenders on our side walked away and started counting receipts and doing other random things.  There were two completely different bartenders that were way on the other side of the bar that looked at us and then looked at their two coworkers with a look on their face as if they wondered if anyone would help us or if they'd get stuck helping us and picking up their lazy coworkers slack.I felt bad for the other two bartenders as you could see them running around like crazy doing the bulk of the work while the other two did get drinks but seemed to pick and choose who they serviced instead of first come first serve.I only had 2 drinks and it took me a combined total of 30 minutes to get those two drinks with all the time I stood there.  That doesn't include when I was ready to cash out I had to wait an additional 10 minutes until a bartender that never helped me walked over completely annoyed.  Let me clarify she wasn't annoyed me with, but I could see her eyes burning holes into her coworkers heads.It's really hard writing this review because I want to give the games a 3 star review, and I want to give the two bartenders that were doing a bulk of the work good reviews.  I even wanted to catch their names so I could write into the company and let them know how outstanding their two bartenders were and how great they were at carrying their lazier coworkers load on their backs.It was so bad that their were receipts all over the counter tops.  They were wet and sticky everywhere.  It wasn't just me and my friend that had to wait forever because people standing next to us were upset at the wait as well, although they somehow received service before us.  I did see a few people move from the side we were on to the other side with the more attentive bartenders.My only hope is that management reads this and talks to their employees about team work.  A great man once said, "Very few burdens in life are heavy if everyone lifts."  It should never be a few people carrying the team and really everyone should be pulling together to get the job done.
4	Good Service, fun atmosphere. would have five stars but the food was mediocre at best.
2	Steak tasted like chewy rubber, had to wait forever to get water, games are over priced. Really feel like there is no organization, I only go here when forced or because its on someone else's tab.
3	I have to say this place would of received one or two stars if the service at the bar wasn't great. Two gals took care of my wife and I. I ordered the mac n cheese and it wasn't as good as I remember a couple years ago. The games seemed a bit pricey but that's ok. The real kicker is when I received my bill it left gratuity options giving a total of 15,18 and 20 percent before tax. That's fine except the percent was lower than my bill stated. For example my bill before tax was $67.5 and %20 of that is $13.5. Yet the receipt stated that %20 of that was $10.18. I am livid that servers and bartenders are being ripped off!! For shame on Dave n Busters!! I will let others know about this
2	So my friends and I came here expecting a good time.  We had heard many good things about it from the place in Kansas City, and being a chain, I assumed some level of quality. Well, ya know what happens when you assume.Sure we showed up and the downstairs looked gorgeous.  Wood panelling and decor worthy of a nice place to eat.  I was impressed.  Then we chose to go upstairs where the games were. I can deal with the kids and the carnival style atmosphere.  It's what one would expect.We belly up to the bar where we are greeted by a bartender that was very busy running an understaffed upper deck.  I understood when she took a minute to get to us and get our drink order.Then I found out they had to change the guinness keg mid pour.  In nearly every bar I've been to, they pour out the guinness, get you a new glass and get you a fresh glass and fresh guinness.  What happened was that she finished topping off my glass and put it infront of me.Sure, it's fine, I've drank bottom keg beer before, and even enjoy the unique flavor that they provide.  However this one I couldn't even touch.  In the process of the keg blow out, some crusty substance came out into my glass.  The bartender didn't catch it, and I had a crusty brown-yellow glob at the top of the glass.  I had to wait for her to get time to check on us.  When she finally came around, she had no problems replacing it.Sensing issues, I requested a water as well.  The first drink of my beverage told me I needed it.  The guinness tasted old, even with a new keg.  I was sure I was drinking the old beer of many pours ago.  That being said, I went to my water.  It was poured out of the same tap several drinks were poured out of as well, which is common place in the bar industry.  What wasn't common place was the nasty flavor I got from it as well.  It was moldy flavored.  By this time we had ordered our food, so I waited for my steak to show up.  The lemon pepper 8oz.  So I ate it.  Thank goodness for a saving grace.  The steak was delicious.  I had no complaints and ate even the sides.  This is a rarity in my world, as usually I eat like a bird. My friend, who is usually hypercritical, ordered the Teriyaki steak and said his was not up to par.So, bad beverages, good steak.  A disappointing outing for someone hosting his friends from out of town. Hoping to save something from this, we went to see if we could play games.  I went to the booth, hoping to be able to buy tokens with cash, only to find that I would have to purchase a membership card, pay a 2 dollar signup fee and then I could put a minimum of 10 dollars on my card.  Unsure that I ever wanted to visit again, I left.Had the place had better beer care and better care of their nozzles, I might have thought about it.  Since I didn't have a good customer experience, I will probably not be back.  Hopefully they can clean their nozzles and beer taps.  From seeing other reviews, others have had good experiences here.  For the health and safety of everyone, I hope they do and others have a better experience.  Mine was poor.
4	We had a great time here! Food was above average, service was decent, and the restaurant was clean. After some drinks and food we took the kids up stairs to play some games  and they went nuts. They have games for all ages, and do the whole ticket thing that the kids love so they can get their little toys at the end.The bowling ally down stairs is nice. It kind of has a constant cosmic bowl thing going on. The bar area by the bowling ally looks well stocked and has a cool 50's theme going on. If you get there in time for happy hour mixed drinks were half price.Games = Happy kidsHalf off mixed drinks = Happy wifeCold Beer and Sports on TV = Happy MEIt just had something for everyone!
3	If you are thinking of going to Dave and Buster's to entertain a child (or grandchild) between 5 and 10 years old, this review is for you.Although Dave and Buster's has food -- the downstairs is a regular sitdown restaurant -- the food is mediocre comfort fare.  It's not terrible but it is nothing I would want to go out especially for.  For example, the burger was a half-pound patty of decent meat, with a slice of onion and a slice of tomato, and it tasted pretty much like any other burger. The sweet potato fries were not crisp.Upstairs is an extremely noisy area with a collection of electronic games, most of which dispense tickets which you can cash in for prizes.  You know the kind of place I mean.  Dave and Buster's differs slightly from the norm.  For one thing, the machines are in good repair.  The prizes are all mid-range (it will cost you typically $60 to get a 10-inch stuffed animal), with no super-expensive things that you have to mortage a small home to win.  But you will recover only a small percentage of your expense in the value of the prize, so it has to be considered for fun only.  For my party, including a child, it was not that much fun.  I will spend my entertainment money elsewhere.HINT:  Wednesday is the time to go if you want to play the games - they are half price.  Even at half price, a typical game still costs $1.
2	Our poor server was overwhelmed and overworked!  Our drinks came out after we were nearly done with our meal.  The noise in this place is seizure inducing!
1	7 min before a server came to our table ...ill update once I actually get my food ...if I ever do
5	Our bartender Lexi was great! We will definitely be coming back because of you girl!
2	This is a fun place to play games, but not for dining. Both of my visits haven't been great. Both times I was having to wait at least 10 minutes for my server to come up to me and get my drink order. Both times the place wasn't busy because I went durning the week. Our server not only took a long time to get our drink order, but she took even longer to actually get our drinks! My husband ordered an alcoholic drink and it took her  almost 15 minutes just to get it from the bar, and there were only two other tables seated. Not a fan of the service, they need to work on their time and actually noticing a customer.
1	Well our experience here last night really managed to ruin our week long plans to go there and bowl. The poor service started when I called early in the day to make reservations for a bowling lane. For some reason they don't take reservations, although I am sure many people like myself would happily pay more for the convenience of this service.  However, we continued with our plan to bowl at Dave & Busters. We arrived with a group of 7 adults.  After enjoying a wonderful meal elsewhere at The Keg.  One, single member of our group had over indulged and I do not dispute that fact. He was that way before meeting up with us, and the other 6 hardworking members of my group should not have been punished for the one out of control individual. We were told that it would be an hour wait, although there were 5 open, unused lanes. We agreed to wait, and grabbed a table at the bar area. Our drunk friend should have been asked to leave upon arrival, and would have been a favor to the rest of us. However, after serving all 7 of us. Yes, that's right, even the obviously intoxicated person, a manger came over and told us that all 3 of the males in my group were cut off. Now in between my husband had inquired as to how long we were going to wait seeing how there were 5 lanes not in use. Maybe they just don't like their inefficiencies pointed out. Because shortly thereafter the manger came up and made her announcement to our group. I had listened to her, and when she left I asked the other ladies in my group if I heard her correctly. I could completely see cutting off this one person, but my husband and other friend were not intoxicated or out of control. I approached the manager and asked for clarification.  She proceeded to use rather insulting descriptions of my husband and friends and told me they were all swaying around and falling down. Again, I agree with one, but I would love to see what she thinks she saw regarding the others.  I requested a refund on all out drinks as we did not get to finish them.  After a prolonged episode she refunded us about $25 for the 5 drinks on our tab which does not seem adequate since at least 2 of those were premium alcohol. At that point I was tired of talking to the unattractive troll (I hate to name call but based on her description of my husband it seems fair) and took my group elsewhere. We looked forward to bowling with friends for a week. I regret the invitation to one specific person but I can't take that back. However, I find the treatment of our entire group outrageous and uncalled for. I will NEVER return to another Dave & Busters. I have enjoyed many prior visits but the treatment we received last night terminated any chance of future spending from my family.
4	Went bowling with some friends, and we had a great time. The service wasn't always the best, they only had one bartender/server, and one person running the bowling alley, so we had to wait on drinks as well as any problems we had with the lane.We went upstairs and played some games, and that was fun as well. Love the variety of games they have.Their drinks and food however, was overly priced. We spent more money on drinks and food than on the games, and we were playing for over 3 hours! We will only go back when we can afford an expensive night out, which will be rare, especially since I would rather have a nice meal for the same price of playing drinking here.
2	My friends and I decided to come to D&B to have a fun night out - food and games! I have been to this location before, but had never sat down to dine. Believe me, I will never eat here again. The food is more or less what you'd expect, classic American with okay flavor. However, the service was abhorrent. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because my friends enjoyed their meals. I had to remind the waitress three times to place a drink order for me and twice more that we had placed an order for an appetizer (an appetizer which came after we had received our meals). Honestly, our waitress is who ultimately killed this experience for me. It was the first time, while dining, I contemplated asking for a manager. When we inquired about our pending food/drinks, we were met with sarcastic, off-color comments that were truly inappropriate for the situation.If you do decide to come here for the food, lower your service expectations. And go with friends that can distract you from the extended wait time.
2	Dave and busters your food is a joke.  When in order a platter I expect more for the price you charge than a pic I'll couple of pieces.  Def overcharged
3	Over a week we visited d&b three times (mon, wed, & sat) while we stayed at the Marriott resort down the street. Kids (9 and 11) loved it as we only visit once every 2 months normally. Place was bigger than the ones we have visited on the east coast, though this is due to more dining spaces, special party rooms, platinum bar, patio dining.  Games were about the same. Except half price Wednesday,  the crowd was about the same. One thing, the ticket redemption center had fewer prizes, less variety and poorer quality than othrr d&b sites.  Had a beer and a couple of sodas, while we dined at many of the restaurants located in the square around d&b, like smashburger, nori sushi, slices pizza and coldstone creamery, which all offered better food.
3	By a strange coincidence we were here twice in the last week. Once upstairs in the arcade area and today in the bowling alley. The entertainment factor at this place is great especially if you have kids. It's the service that needs work. The arcade has games that kids and some adults will enjoy and the place itself is relatively clean. We decided to have some appys and noticed that there were 5 tables that had not been cleaned off. I waited while the waitress was cleaning off a table and she told me it would be awhile??!! We found the only other clean table and then noticed that those other tables were not cleaned off for the rest of our stay. The staff are either not happy or not motivated or both. When we did get our food - quesadillas and wings- they were decent. When we went to the bowling alley today they said we had to wait for an open lane- there were 3 open. They said people were coming. We waited 40 minutes and no one showed up for those lanes! Odd that they would pass up the revenue. Won't be back for the pricey bowling ($25/hour) but probably will go again for the arcade.
1	The first thing I noticed while walking upstairs was that the banister was sticky and filthy . next the fire alarm went off numerous times and the games shut off. management never announced what was happening and approximately how long the situation would last. You would have thought that they would take this opportunity to wipe down the machines and vacuum the carpet. You would be wrong.The service is poor. As I am writing this we have been sitting on the patio for over 45 minutes with no one coming out to ask if we would like something.  The tables outside haven't been cleaned either. The bar wasn't any better. Customers had to clean up from previous patrons. Not sure if they were just having a bad night or if this is the norm.
3	I have not been here for a LONG time.  We had some time to kill so us three "adult" kids went to have some fun.  We went upstairs and there are tons of kid games.  It is like Vegas for kids.  Everything dings and makes sounds.  You win tickets...to get prizes.  I played the throwing balls at these clown like pop up dolls.  My max was 300 point, can't get over the hump.  We played some basketballs hoops, I suck!  Shutting off lights, I am slow...  Then racing car games.  It was fun to be a kid for a couple of hours.  We went to the bar to get a drink.  Not one staff was tending the bar.  But a tons of managers, assistant managers, servers, etc.  No bartender.  After a 5 min wait, she showed up but she was already busy.  After 5 to 7 mins pass by, then finally she came over.  We ordered and she got our drinks without a smile or anything.  Geez... It is the service industry... Hello and a smile goes a long way.
4	Tried out the food on a football Sunday. They have $5 appetizers and I landed on the quite good potato skins. They were stuffed with cheese, a bit light on the bacon, but served with normal sour cream that just made it through all six of these skins. Otherwise, the place had the usual amount of kids, but football and beer were also close at hand. There was even a dad drinking a beer, counting his kids tickets and watching the game. A little Dave and Buster's family magic. Bartender was very friendly too despite being busy and despite the cardinals getting hammered.
1	Over priced boring food. We ordered two apptz the sliders & wings for $15. Where we rcvd 4 little sliders & 4wings. We also ordered the $19. App platter thinking these two would be filled & loaded with food. Not much food but way way over priced. We were a party of 5 & not enough food to go around. Very disappointed in the quality, the over price & the wait staff who did not have time to explain anything!!!
3	I don't know- I don't know- who can think amidst the loud clanking noises and flashing lights?!  Plus, trying to figure out the pricing of cost of $ vs the # of points u get vs the meal package that comes with a power card plus the cost of super charge. Get me a drink already!  Maybe this is their ploy all along. LOL. I got a little dizzy from trying to figure it all out. In the end, I opted for the $25 card buy 4 and get 175 points. You supposedly get 25% more play. Not sure if that matters since each game takes a different amount (not posted on the machines) so it's not like you can plan your play. And $25 worth of play goes quick. In about an hour in fact. The food is good, better than typical arcade food. There is a bowling alley. The y also have 1/2 price play on Wed. and HH. Place is fun for both kids and big kids who are mistakenly called grown ups. It's a fun place but if you are sitting upstairs don't expect to have a conversation with screaming to be heard amidst all the noise!!!
3	The games here are on the 2nd floor while the restaurant is at ground level. This location has all your standard arcade games, as well as skeeball, basketball throwing games, and air hockey. Some of the arcade games we tried were malfunctioning, although they didn't mind taking our credits!
4	A few tips:-Coupons are a must! Either sign up for their emails or go to the main office located near paradise bakery on the back end of the building facing the parking lot. You can almost always find coupons for D and B and other places at Desert Ridge. Like match plays for 10 and 20 dollars. Doubling your money and playtime. -Supercharge your card getting 25 percent more-The food is a bit better than okay, I would use tickets to buy food and eat downstairs where you can watch some sports and get away from the loud noise and lights. The food costs 750 and 1000 tickets per item; items include cheese sticks, spinach dip, nachos, and desserts. So for around $26 you can have about an hour of play and your kid can get a cheap toy and then turn those tickets in for a meal. Not too bad.
4	Cool spot. Haven't been to one of these in a long time. It's good to play like a kid again.Good staff, very clean place, very spacious. Good for large groups. We had about 350 people there. Catered food was pretty decent as well.
4	Finally got to go to Dave & Buster's for the first time over the holidays as part of my company's holiday celebration. We were a group of 20-something people and they had set up a lunch buffet for us downstairs with a few choices. The tables were also set up nicely and everyone had a great time. Food was ok, chicken breast and some pasta type dish, bread rolls, butter, salad. All in all a little bland, nothing too exciting. After lunch we headed upstairs where they have all the fun games. There are a couple of bar areas, I saw one downstairs and one upstairs. The games are great, they probably have anything you can think of, from earthquake simulators to fruit ninja. At the end I ordered wings to go for my husband, which took a while to show up, but hubby liked them so it was worth the wait I guess.
