3	We were five friends looking for a quick, convenient meal after seeing a show in Mile End. It was raining so we wanted something fast but fresh too. Someone hesitantly offered up, "pizza"? And we all wandered into Pizza St.Viateur - a first for for every one of us. A few among us are self-identifying pizza aficionados so it's no surprise that the 'za here didn't make us do back flips, but I'm still happy to give it the A-OK stamp. I feel like you can judge a 'za spot based upon how they do basics. Take for example, the Napolitana (tomato sauce, mozzarella, basil); Pizza St.Viateur's version is fresh, and simple. I appreciate the thin crust too. The calzones are intimidatingly hearty and described by one pal as, "flavorful-enough". And thank goodness, the staff is friendly and efficient! They gave us five complimentary house salads which were only gross because they were doused in dressing and otherwise would have been a fine antidote to a hot, quick meal. Oh yeah, they offer free delivery in the hood too!
4	Pretty good thin crust delivery pizza. We like to take advantage of their 4 for $31 deal , either when we have friends over or when we want lots of leftovers. They have lots of interesting toppings, with a little something for everyone, vegetarians and meat lovers alike (but nothing for vegans and gluten free people, sorry).We live fairly close by and we are surprised by how little time it takes for the pizza to arrive at our door.  We are always told it will be longer, and it ends up taking a lot less time.  Overall, it's tasty, priced right, and quick.
4	It's a solid 4 star. Quite cheap, good crust, good amount of variety in pizza. I went there to sit down and grab something to eat as my Friend and had been boozing for too long and needed to recharge with some good and cheap pizza! Even though the word cheap is used in this review, it's way better than your average-cheap-pizza! Have a lunch there, judge for yourself!
5	The pizza here is sooooo good. They have really interesting combinations and the crust is thin and delightful. The Napo Pollo is by far the best selection. I know what you're thinking: "Chicken and white sauce? Ewe.". Don't judge this pizza by its ingredients, judge it by its amazeballs taste. I've made a few of my friends and family members taste this pizza and its a winner every time. Trust me. Other selections to try are the bruschetta pizza, which is fresh and yumzi. The three cheese is also very tasty if you like blue cheese. I usually order takeout from this place and eat it in the comfort of my home, but you can also eat there. The restaurant is sort of tiny, but there's enough seating for around 20 people. Very important: Always ask for the spicy oil. It's sooooo good. They can delivery a little container of it if you order out.Another fun thing to do is to order takeout and eat your pizza at the pub next door (The Waverly). They allow you to eat your pizza and drink pints of beer at their bar, which to me always sounds like a winning combination. Enjoy, responsibly. Regarding prices and stuff, well the prices are good for the quality of the pizza. They also have a special: 4 small pizzas for $31, which is always a good choice. You get to have a little bit of everything.
5	I ordered 4 pizzas from here to try it out and it was way better than I expected it to be. Normally montreal pizza kind of sucks but this stuff was really good and I'd definately order pizza from here again.For the salad I would suggest putting the dressing on the side or giving it in a little plastic thing. But that wasn't a huge deal it would have just been prefered.
4	One of the best pizzas I've had in a long time. The Napolitano was excellent, the thin crust excellent, and the dressing on the complimentary salad was amazing! The staff are lovely and laid back but also efficient. My pet peeve is overly enthusiastic and fake cheerful servers, and it was so nice to have staff that are genuinely friendly but not in your face.
3	I liked the thin crust of the pizza but overall it lacked flavour and I wish that the basil was fresh. Fast delivery and the prices were decent. But it is not as filling due to thin crust so you may want to order more than usual.
