3	Great place to watch the game. The food is bar food in quality and selection.
4	This place is pretty cool as sports bars go. I went for a few beers last night  with a friend and if you go when there's no game on the place is pretty chill. They have lots of beers on tap and the food is pretty good too. I have had the turkey burger a few times and it's great, good fries too. The service is definitely hit or miss, I have had great, terrible and a few in between so know that going in. Otherwise the atmosphere is just what you want in a sports bar, I prefer laid back but I am actually looking forward to stopping in to watch a game.
4	I've been going here for a year and a half now and have never been disappointed. My wife and I went here a couple of days ago so I thought it would be a good idea to write my first review. The Bar/Seating: Very large horseshoe bar with a bunch of seats with views of flat screen TV's - The dining areas are split and have high tables, booths, and low tables. All of them have a good view of TV's as well... There are alot of TVs to watch the game or fight. They have 2 pool tables and one of them are set in a really cool private room that can be rented and from what I hear it's not very pricey. The food is very good and definitely a step above "Bar Food". Burgers and wings are great. Prime rib sliders are very good. I think they have daily specials too and the ones I've had are very good. They have a great happy hour menu for food as well 4-7 I think... The Drinks: Alot of beers on tap and a full bar. There aren't really any great beer specials except for during games but I've paid more for beer at worse places so I'm not complaining. Overall: It's definitely a mixed crowd/Neighborhood bar. The people are friendly, the food is good and there are ALOT of TV's. Need I say more? I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun, laid back sports bar. They also have UFC Fights on and it is a great place to go to watch becuase it gets very busy!
4	I'm liking this place right now.  Having been recently turned off by Half Moon, we were in search of a new sports bar in the the north phoenix area.  Since Catch 22 has coupons on Restaurant.com, they earned our attention.  (Restaurant owners, seriously- participate in coupons!  It's how you attract new customers).Anyway, we were there for the Great Eight game, so the place was busy, but got a great table for our big group.  Good TVs, no issues seeing the game we wanted to see.  Service was good, food was good.  Good prices on appetizers, beer, wine and a couple mixed drinks during happy hour.  It's a clean, family-friendly sports bar.  We'll be back.  Maybe Saturday for the Final Four.
4	Catch 22 is my local neighborhood sports bar, named for the process of starting the establishment, I overheard the owner say that he couldn't get one license without another requirement and the name was born.The sports theme highlights players that donned the number 22 such as Roger Clemens, Emitt Smith, Eric Byrnes and more. You will find a number of their jerseys hung on the wall with the 22 big screen TVs. I believe they have expanded so there may be more now.Anyhow, the service here has always been excellent for me no matter how busy it has been. The food here is decent. It is bar food so not too much to expect there but the selection is pretty good.In all it is a great place to catch a game. If you are looking for a sports bar to watch the game in this area, I highly recommend this establishment.
2	I ton of people seem to like this place, so I guess I'm going to be the bad guy.Honestly, I've eaten at better Chain sports bars than this, namely BWW. However, their wings are decent, and the service is good. But Macaroni and Cheese should not be soup.
3	This place is pretty cool. I've always had good service and the food is decent bar food.  The only bad meal I had was a few weeks ago when I ordered the hot wings...I almost poo'd myself because they were so hot. My mom took one bite and proceeded to drink everything on the table and yell at me for not warning her. Anyway, it's a fun place to go with a few friends if you want a laid back scene.
5	The staff at Catch 22 really care about the food and service. With all kinds of TV's around, this IS your sports bar! Enjoy the fun....
5	This is "my" kind of bar. You can bring your kids here and the atmoshere is kind and safe. People are respectful, not like other bar/restuarants. Come on over, the owner is usually here and working hard. Food is great too....
4	Live down the street from this place & love it.  Roomy, lots of TV's that are easy to see from most angles, & game area. They have the BEST hot baked cookie/ice cream dessert ever!  Didn't give it 5 stars only because:  1)   They have a small nice outside sitting area, but everyone smokes out there, so I'm limited to being inside. 2) The top of the bar counter has a groove that makes it uncomfortable to sit & lean forward with your arms against it. Awkward position to sit for a prolonged length of time.  Bummer... would like to sit at the bar sometimes.  Menu selection is good for this venue & food has always come out hot. OH yeah, one time we walked in & the hostess girl was standing there cleaning her fingernails with a file & didn't even stop after she saw us. That was over a year ago though.  Great since  : )
4	good happy hour, good food.  the bartenders are pretty friendly.  lots of TVs.  Live music sometimes.  UFC fights too but I have never been there to watch those so not sure what the cover$$ is or what size/type crowd they get for those.  Its overall pretty decent sports bar, pretty clean so the wife wont mind going there, not too dark or too noisy.
4	Had our End of Season Kickball party on Saturday at Catch 22. Matt the Owner rocked and made it a great night. The servers were awesome and made sure everyone was getting their drinks and food if they ordered any.The live music they had was good and was enjoyable too. Its a great place to watch sports, just drink, or just have fun.I will be back and thanks again for everything!
3	The food is ok at best.  If you stick to burgers and fries and onion rings you should be fine.
3	Both times I went was when a band was playing.. and when the bands play it apparently gets PACKED.  The first time wasnt so bad since we had a booth.. but we had to go to the bar to get our drinks because our waitress apparently forgot we were there.. the second time we ended up leaving after being there for 20 minutes because we felt like sardines in a can trying to stand in that place.  I'm not sure if its that packed on a regular night when the bands dont play but I don't like being smooshed and bumped into every 20 seconds by people that dont have manners..  the bartenders were all nice and prompt when i finally made my way up to the bar and got the drinks considerably fast for how busy they were.. but its just not my cup of tea.  If you like crowded and loud you will dig it. =)
4	Catch 22 is a great neighborhood bar to watch a game at or just to enjoy a cold one.  The food is pretty good for bar food.  I like the Chicken Philly, Prime Dip Sandwich, and Rodger Clemens burger.  I love the fact they have poker Sunday through Wednesday and sometimes have some decent bands there also.
3	Catch 22 is pretty much the epitome of your typical sports bar. It is one of the better places to go in North Phoenix though, so I do find myself here to check out football every once in a while.The food is decent, typical sports bar type food. The prices are reasonable. It is a pretty spacious place which is nice. The patio is good sized and really enjoyable when the weather is nice. There is only one TV out there though, so you miss out on games if that's what you are there for.There is usually a pretty good crowd here. I've seen families in here as well as people from all age groups. The staff is usually pretty friendly although service gets slow when they are busy. Overall, this place is just kinda eh. I like it on occasion, but not my first choice.
1	I've been here a few times with my boyfriend to watch Sunday football games.  Ick.  The place is so dark and hazy inside.  I just feel dirty being here.The food is awful!!  I've had breakfast and lunch here.  The breakfast was the worst.  Just greasy and nasty.  The lunch (hamburger) wasn't inedible, but I've definitely had much better.I would much prefer going to a Zipps than coming here again.
3	I have been here a few times since it is very close to my house. I went here the night before Thanksgiving so see live music and that was a good time. The food and services of just A-OK. Cool sports bar for the neighborhood. The fried cheese curds are a little different then what I expected. They have a lot of TV for all you sport fans!
2	Absolutely less than impressed.  The burgers are expensive for what they are.  The drinks are pathetic at best.  They actual use pour meters!  That is so lame.  My vodka cran was $4.50, and usually that would be a good deal.  However there wasnt even a hint of alcohol in the drink.Just a disappointing experience all together.  None of the four of us in my group were pleased.
2	have driven by this place since it opened - I should have never stopped this time....figured it would be a typical sports bar with the typical food - it was and maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if there was more than one server for the entire place.    Thankfully, the poor girl had an amazing attitude - i sure wouldn't have if I had been her.the food was what you would expect from bar food - the wings were good, hubby's pork sandwich was good - the side he got was wrong, but we didn't complain or he probably would never have eaten.I have been on a mac and cheese kick lately and this mac and cheese had bacon and amazing mushrooms, but obviously made with a brick of velveeta - which really isn't cheese in my book.the clientel was interesting to say the least - by listening to the diners next to us we learned where to score some great weed....we won't be back
1	We ate here early on a Friday night.  It was not crowded, but took 20 minutes for someone to come to the table.  I ordered a margarita - who the heck serves a margarita in a tumbler?  It was horrible - straight out of a cheap bottle of mix, not cold and little alcohol.Hubby ordered onion rings as a starter.  After 10 minutes we were told they were out of onion rings.  What kind of bar has no onion rings at 6:00pm on a Friday?  We ordered dinner.  Mac and cheese was average.  Deep fried mushrooms came straight out of a Costco bag.  Hubby's beef sandwich was gristley.  My garlic toast was made with a hamburger bun!There's no creativity or any resemblance of fresh food in this bar.  if you like bags of frozen stuff and bottles of mix, this is the place to go
4	Guess who's back? Back again. Brady's back. Tell your friends...actually, I only had a few reviews before, so no one really missed me. But still, first review since last year? It's kind of a big deal.So Catch 22 is no more and no less than a sports bar, which can be good or bad depending on what you are looking for. I was looking for a spot to watch my beloved Ohio State Buckeyes knock out the Kentucky Wildcats. Spoiler alert.....we choked and lost. Oh well, UK's coach lasts 13 seconds during sex (Google it), so I know others have bigger problems than a lost bball game.Anyways, you are here for a review. Catch 22 is pretty good, not great. The happy hour prices were solid across the board in drinks and food, so I started off with a tall Kiltlifter and a $4 queso dip. Both were pretty delicious, so it was a nice way to start a disappointing sporting experience. The full price beer was a bit more, but certainly comparable to most places (less than $6 for a tall 24 oz). For my meal, I ordered the Emmitt Smith, which was a bacon cheeseburger with chili. I was pretty satisfied with the burger and fries; the spuds were crisp and seasoned well, and the meat was cooked correctly and the chili was very old school, filled with beef and beans. Maybe not the best chili burger ever, but not too bad for the price.Overall, the experience was quite enjoyable, minus the f'd game my Buckeyes played.The food and beer was solid, the TV screens were large and plentiful, and the servers were certainly attentive and pretty damn cute. The meals won't blow your socks off, but if you want a solid meal while watching a game, Catch 22 is definitely going to handle its business.
5	Great food except for the pasta...make sure to check appetizers closely, cuz their are some gems there like the stuffed mushrooms.Perfect place for March Madness, watching fall football, or just hanging out with friends. Live music on Fri/Sat and UFC fights make it a full-service entertainment spot.
4	The 22 Double Header is the bomb!
3	This place is my official UFC pay per view hangout since its central to all my friends and its only $5 cover.  The food is pretty good, on the pricey side, but above average.  I don't drink but the drinks seem to be fairly priced and when there is a PPV it seems they usually have some domestic beer for $2 a glass.Would recommend for sure if you are going to catch a fight, the place has a good array of TV's and it's a good atmosphere.
4	I rarely give a 5 Star so 4 is Great and The Catch is Completely underrated!!!  There are some Great items here and you can find something for everyone.  Put every sandwich or salad in their pita bread and it is on!!  TV's everywhere, Beer is super cold, people are nice, prices are right on for the quality, so what else do you want!?!?!?  Pound for pound better than Zipps or Teakwoods.
2	I'm only giving this two stars as our bartender was polite and efficient.  Ordered the chicken nachos. They came out 30 minutes later.  Ice cold.  the menu stated they used monterrey jack cheese blend. Me thinks not. There was congealed cheez wizz on the cold tortilla chips with cold chicken nuggets.  They went right back. Awful! Total junk.
3	My UFC hangout. I think my name may be embroiderd on a seat. Go Silva!!!
2	Have been coming here for years to catch the UFC events.  Get to the fight and the entire back section is being used for college football.  Completely disappointing to not get our regular seats so people could watch Virgina Tech. Grrr.
2	My husband and I come here once a month for UFC events. We drive from Maricopa. The last two events have left a bad taste in my mouth due to the lack of respect we get after paying our $5 cover for the PPV event. Our most recent venture left us out of the usual room we sit in for Virginia Tech fans. Now I love me some college football... but when I'm paying money for an event... I don't expect duel events to be competing... is Catch 22 suddenly a V-tech fan base? If so.... could we not have been made aware of this? The service is sub-par as is most of the food. I'm sure I can find another bar that plays the PPV UFC fights. Besides, who roots for Virginia? Go NEBRASKA CORNHUSKERS!!!
5	Great sports bar for games and food. The staff really hustles, so good comes out hour and drinks stay refilled. Has pool tables and places for large groups.
1	Abandon ship!!!  This place has been my UFC hangout for years and over the past few months has taken a turn for the worst.  Place is a sports bar yet TV's are dropping and not getting replaced.  5 dollars cover for UFC gets me a room where 2 TV's are missing (out of 6) and one is playing college football.  Staff can't operate the feeds so preliminary fights are on one TV in the adjacent room for 40 minutes till they figure it out.I expect this place to either get there act together or close doors right quick.  Will not be returning and that saddens me.  Be warned place is quickly taking on dive status.  Take your money and buisness elsewhere.
2	It's so unfortunate about how bad this place is, because it's so close to my house. We go in there about once a month hoping it's better and it always disappoints. The food is horrible. I've had 1/2 the items on the menu looking for something good, and there's nothing that brings me back, and what's worse, most of it needs to be avoided. They tout their burgers, and then ask you how you want it cooked, which is really funny since they cook EVERYTHING well done, no matter what you ask for. I don't mind places that cook to one temperature, but don't ask me how I want it cooked if you're not going to cook it that way. Two of the three times I had a burger I was with a friend that got one as well. I order Med-Rare, he gets Med-Well and they both come out the exact same. The place used to have the coldest beer in the area, but even that's gone. Went there the other night because I only had 30 minutes to kill and didn't want to drive a little further to my favorite bar. I just wanted to watch the baseball game, but they wanted a cover charge because some UFC fight was on.The waitress can be cute, but the service is poor unless you're at the bar. They have one bar tender (not sure his name, has a shaved heard) that has great service, but that's it since Megan is gone. It's not bad enough where'd I say avoid because their happy hour prices aren't bad for drinks, but we only go there when there's no time to go anywhere else.
2	It's going down hill.
1	I went in one night a couple months ago and I haven't been back since.There was live music, which would have been cool but the band was horrible and way too loud. my server was an asshole and it took 15 minutes for her to even greet us, and even longer for her to come back with our drinks. The place was a cluster fuck and the owner was behind the bar drinking (which I'm pretty sure is illegal) and I'm pretty sure him behind the bar (making his own drinks and yelling at everyone) had something to do with the slow delivery of our drinks. The highlight of the night was seeing that same owner get into a physical fight with a female customer that was sitting at the bar, and being questioned by the police about it as we left,which was a total buzz kill. All I can say is stay away, these people have no idea how to run a business and have no idea what customer service is.
2	N. Phoenix chamber holds weekly lunches here. I have tried several things on the menu and have not been impressed. Misty is very friendly and attentive. The quality of food misses the mark by a long shot. $10 for a cheeseburger? Ok, I will pay that no problem if the burger is delicious, but their burger is a $6 burger in my opinion. The meat is not very good quality and is overly salty. I recall the food being better about a year ago. Matthew pretty much summed it up as going down hill. It is no wonder the place is so quiet, they can't get enough repeat customers because the food is bad. They are always doing a promo or event to try to get people in the door. The problem is, once they do, how are they going to entice them to return? Answer: BETTER FOOD or lower prices for the quality they are currently providing.
2	Stopped in here because it was hot and I was hungry.   The beer needed to be slightly colder when served and the nachos were downright terrible.  Cold plate, cold stale chips with that cheesy sauce that never solidifies poured over top.  You know; the stuff they give you at Circle K on nachos for a buck.  Canned sliced jalapenos put on top with some sliced tomato.   You've got to be kidding?  Should have went to Circle K and saved some money.  How hard would it be to use real cheese, melt them on the fresh chips with fresh ingredients?   Server was nice and attentive. That is why this is a 2 star instead of 1. But the nachos tell me never go back....and I listen to my nachos.
3	About what I would expect for the price range and ambience. The draft beer selection is awesome and I can always find something satisfying. The Orange Spice chicken wings are surprisingly excellent, however I wish they would trim down their menu selection and instead just have fewer items that they make very well.
1	I have been to this place at least 10 times.  It's walking distance from my house and I have walked there multiple times.  Each time I have received horrible service and the food has been average at best.  Most times my wife has been with me and she feels the same way.  We always try to sit at the bar so we can get quicker & better service.  Well, that never happens.  Most people that work there are rude and very slow at accommodating customers.  My wife and I own a restaurant so we know how tough things can be sometimes and we have given this place multiple chances.  Never again.  It's disappointing also because it's so close to my house.  I can look past average food but I go out and spend my money to receive polite, friendly, and timely service.  This has never happened at Catch 22.  I will NEVER go back.
4	We ordered almost every appetizer and they were all delicious, I loved the jalapeno poppers and cheese curds.  Our server was AMAZING! We were a group of seven and she was great, she would bring us things before we even had to ask and got all of our drink/food orders perfectly, very attentive.  I will be returning.
5	Stopped in early on a Monday evening, four of us.The server was funny and attentive and the burgers were quite tasty!  The fries were the thin type, I prefer thick cut steak fries... but to each their own!I recommend it!
3	Nice place to hang out with friends.  The atmosphere is typical for a Sports Bar and a different twist is the amount of LIVE entertainment that they have on the weekends. The food is above average for a Sports Bar, never had a bad meal there and the service is friendly.
3	At the start of football season, I was a fan of Catch 22.  However, as the season is coming to an end, I find my enthusiasm is fading...There are plenty of TVs, and they are labeled according to the games that will be shown.  This is helpful when choosing a seat - I want to see my Texans play!  However, most of the TVs are a bit small for the large space and the two big screens are reserved for Cardinals games.  It would be nice to have the 'good' TVs showing the best matchup of the week, regardless of who is playing.On Sundays, lunch is served starting at 11:00 (there is a limited breakfast menu earlier) and the items I have tried were good.  Hey, it is a sports bar - burgers, fries, chicken tacos and wings go well with beer and football...During my first couple of visits, there were plenty of servers to handle the Sunday crowd.  And, they were very friendly and attentive as well.  However, recently the service has been hit or miss - it seems like there are fewer servers who are unsuccessfully working with the same sized crowd.  On my last visit the service was painfully slow, and very basic things like placing and order and receiving a check seemed next to impossible. While Catch 22 is an A-OK place to watch a few games, I am on the lookout for a North Phoenix alternative...
3	Good food AND live music.
1	Wtf?? Why do I keep coming here? Ryan, bar tender is awesome, BUT, the food sucks, ownership is horrible. We are here to watch game and owner has "bi**hes and hos" blasting on juke box and reufeses to turn game audio on. Do NOT come here.
2	Oh gosh... The wife had a cesar salad and can we get some romaine hearts that aren't ready for the trash? The place smelled like vomit and there is a reason we haven't been back in almost a year since before this visit. I'm done, time to clean up the place!
3	This is my favorite bar to go play cards at, the food is great and reasonably priced..(try the Doug flutie) but some of the bar tenders leave much to be desired. There's been times I've waited at the bar with an empty drink or no drink, for almost 30 minutes before the bartender gave me a "what do you want"look..order from a server if you want a drink in a timely matter..and even then..expect a wait.
4	My wife and I went to Catch 22 for dinner on Friday night.  We had a great time!  We even had our 7 month old baby and we felt like the set up of the restaurant was conducive to the sports bar atmosphere, but still plenty of room between tables that we didn't feel like we were blocking any aisle/walkway.Pros: GREAT service! Lots of recommendations and she brought me a beer sample of the special for the evening.  (Thanks Leah!)Really cold beer!Mahi taco appetizers were phenomenal.  I've had some really really good fish tacos and some really really bad fish tacos.  These are some of the best.Wings were good...not great, but a pretty good deal for the price ($7/lb I think which was like 10 wings) Lots of TVs - we went to watch the end of one baseball game (not Dbacks) and the start of the Dbacks game...we were able to get a good view of both games.I LOVED their patio set up.  Even though we didn't use it because it was just us and the baby, next time we may.  Nice couches and area.Cons:We saw a high chair in the corner and grabbed it...a support beam on the bottom was broken...we asked for another high chair and we were told it was the only one they had.  I know they don't cater to a family restaurant, but any sports bar/grill should at least have a couple un-broken high chairs.Leah recommended the hamburger which was very good, however it was ordered medium and came out well done...I know this is very typical of restaurants, but if the policy is going to be to ask customers how a burger is to be cooked, it should be cooked that way.  Even though it was well done, the flavor was still great on it and we didn't complain.We will be back.
3	My wife and I used to come here pretty religiously when I was still in college doing my final NAU classes at PVCC (and before we had our son) to play Poker. I don't know if they still do that, but this is just a pretty decent run-o-the-mill bar/grill. Nothing too fancy here, the prices are average, the food is average, the service is friendly. It's clean, but loud. Just an average pretty-good place for a beer and a bite. Nothing bad to say at all but not blown away either.Their Angry Orchard Cider is really, really good. Try to get it when they have a happy hour special or whatnot.
5	I love my local neighborhood sports restaurant/bar! I go several times a week. The day time bartenders are the BEST(shout out to John, Misty, and Andi)! The food is good with great prices and they have an "all day" happy hour - ends at 7 I think. Go on Mondays for $5 any burger special. It's our weekly family dinner night!
4	They have new owners so hopefully a few changes will occur soon. Only things a can say to the owners is: p* Please get rid of that annoying juke box. You can't be making that much money off that thing. * Pepsi vs Coke well you know what you need to do there.  * Lighting and decor: A little more thought into the accent lighting would make this place rock! It's kinda dull right now. * Your service and menu are great!  Keep up the good work. Overall you have a winner!
4	Great happy hour - daily til 7 pm. The food is good and lots of options from the happy hour menu to choose from. Friendly bartendar and quick considering it was quite busy for a Tuesday night. I also like that they have a juke box. Great chill place to grab a bit and a couple of beers.
2	Stopped by Catch 22 last Friday around 6PM for happy hour. It was fairly busy but there were a few tables available. This is an establishment I have been to over 50 times since it opened. I have not been in for some time due to bad past experiences but decided to give it a chance because I heard there is a new owner. Our server was friendly and greeted the three of us within a few minutes of sitting down. I ordered an Angry Orchard Cider and my two companions ordered lemon drop martinis. Unfortunately my AO arrived lukewarm and the martinis tasted like vodka and lemonade. I asked our server if she could replace my AO with a colder one. She said sure but returned with ice in my cider. :-(  We also ordered some "sweet potato fries" and "potato skins".  The "SPF" were perfectly cooked and were delightful!!  However, our "PS" arrived about 5 minutes after the "SPF" and looked overcooked and greasy. My visual inspections was confirmed with my first bite, they were awful!I sure hope "Catch 22" can get their act together because this type of food & drink is unacceptable! Our check total was $38.00.
2	I have tried this place several times since it is within walking distance of my house. I even tried ordering different food, or going at different times, but the result was always the same: mediocre or bad food and mediocre atmosphere. I'm not sure why they have a jukebox, since I went there to watch sports. All I ever heard was music, no audio to the games or fights.The burgers are OK, salads are OK sometimes but usually gross. Philly Chicken so dry you can barely swallow it. I ordered a turkey wrap and the menu listed "lettuce" but what I really got was some lettuce medley with carrots and cabbage and other garbage. Like a bag of expired salad from WalMart.The time before that (May 2013), the server was nice but acted shady. Later I saw my credit card was hit 3x for the same meal. When I went in to resolve the issue, Andi was very nice and gave me 2 free beers while I waited to find out what happened. The first 2 charges didn't go though since they had been cancelled but the funds were still held until everything was resolved. Pretty annoying.I would have given the place one star, but management was nice and apologetic and they did resolve the credit card thing. (Strange how Andi mentioned they have had issues with that server before, but he still works there.)Needless to say, I won't be back. Unless it is for happy hour, which the prices are pretty decent. But I definitely won't plan to eat, and I'll pay cash.
5	Since the new owner took over I like going here.  Had been here in the past and the food was just okay and there wasn't much going on.  Since it is close to my house I wished it was a better place to go.  I have gone here with my family a couple times now that the new owner has taken over and there was food my kids like to eat and plenty of sports for me to watch on the TVs.  I went here another time with friends to see a local rock band and the drinks were strong and the service was good.  Lots of people dancing and I see they are paying attention to hire really good local bands so there was plenty going on for me and my partying friends. Since it is across from the college there was a mix of younger and older partiers.  Pretty cool!I could see this becoming a good place to take the family during the week and a great place to hang out when the weekend starts.
3	Decent place, good food, great  atmosphere to watch a game. Thank god the karaoke was not there tonight. Service could be better, mainly faster. The servers are spread too thin, as there seem to never be enough top handle the crowd. Otherwise a decent pace too have a drink, grab a bite and watch sports.
2	Sat for 10 minutes before a waitress came over. Waitresses all stood over by the bar chatting while we sat and watched. Pizza was ok, wings were good. May try again
1	Sundays at Catch 22: Dear Dave H and gang, I just wanted to share an experience with you and your followers from last Sunday evening.  As you know, there's a lot of us that love Catch 22 and go there every chance we get.  I love your place so much that I tried to spread the word and get some new fans by inviting a group from PVCC nearby over that were having a party for finishing a theater show they had performed over 2 weekends.  Our overall experience was really, really bad, and it's because of the fact that your team is understaffed on Sunday nights and also because the tap lines were clogged up - yes, seriously - the beer tap lines were clogged.  The team there that night - Sean, Misti, Emily, Jacque did their best to try and keep up but they just couldn't.  We had 20 people there and guess how long it took to get our first round of drinks? 45 minutes.  Not kidding.  Our food orders took 75 minutes.  The servers were so busy that the last part of our order was set down on a table nowhere near us and they just lost track of it.  For a Sunday night, after Misti left, there was 1 bartender and 2 servers, one of which couldn't serve alcohol.  I want to see Catch 22 be a great choice on a Sunday night for all of us.  Please get the tap lines fixed (staff said it was building up to this for a long time) and get a couple more people staffed (they say this has been long overdue also, with no action being taken).  I don't think any of the staff/faculty I brought from PVCC will be going back there ever again - I don't want you to lose more customers because of this. I'm pulling for you - please make some changes.  thx, David
2	Been going to this bar for a couple years on and off and let me tell you, this bar has the potential to be something more, but the owner is content with mediocre servers and food. Burgers for $8.99 is not a good price with frozen packaged fries.(Lord knows they're not the RED ROBIN)  How hard is it to make fresh cut fries, NOT HARD AT ALL. (If you're used to the great service and food you get at Zipps don't expect that here)  Staff @ Catch 22 will only give just enough service to provide you with a ok experience. Bartender Andy is the worst, very inconsistent bartender and don't ask for to much with this server or you will get the cold shoulder all night.(And she dresses like a slob) Bottom line this restaurant needs a make over but it is not time to call Bar Rescue yet. I have got to know some of the staff over the last couple years, Briana, Misty, Sean, Jackie,John and Leah have there act together, the rest of the staff is a crap shoot. After March Madness this bar should close down for a month and revamp the menu, the dead wait staff,bathrooms and some of the interior. The only reason a lot of locals go to this bar is because there is nothing else close by. If a Buffalo WW or Zipps opened up down the road,  Catch 22 would loose 30% of its business at a minimum. Hopefully the owner see's this review and makes some changes.
5	Great place for social networking.. Clean very spacious and staff was awesome..   Xoxo pepper!!
2	The establishment is clean.. A little too dark for a sports bar.  Food is pricey and service is not the best.  The facility is large enough for big groups though
1	This could be a great sports bar.  Great place to watch a game.  But the service is just incredibly bad.  Was there during the NFL championship games this past Sunday.  Now these are the two best games of the year, so you'd think the restaurant would be properly staffed.  But NO.  The few waitresses that they had were running there heads off.  Tables sat with plates and checks for almost an hour.  Drinks went unfilled. I orderd a burger and it came raw.  Not rare, raw.   When I sent it back, it came back raw.  So the service stinks and the cook stinks?  I asked for a new burger.  The waitress immediately said "what, after you've eaten half of it?"  Obviously, they haven't been trained in customer service. I had to say, "I've been trying to find a part that was cooked".All they needed was an extra "bus boy" or two.  Some to clear the tables, refill drinks, take away plates, etc.  But none to be found.  I feel sorry for the waitresses.  It is staffing issues and customer service training.  Do you think they gave me more fries for their screwing up my order twice?  Of course not.  I don't think this place lasts too long.  When an older gentleman came in and was setting up a large table (by himself) I said "don't expect too great of service today".  He said, "oh, it's always like that.  That's not why I come here".  Enough said.
1	So...I've been here several times in the past but...no more! First of all,  it was Friday night and..NO happy hour,  strike one.  Next,  I ordered the Lagunitas IPA and was told one price and then over charged on the bill, strike two! Finally,  they tried to serve me Hop Knot IPA from a can!!! and wanted to charge me a dollar more than the Lagunitas which was on draft. .. what a joke! !!!! Strike three Catch 22, U R OUT OF HERE!
1	I don't even know where to begin about our bad experience.  We walked in and stood there for 5 min and no one seated us.  So we just picked our own table.  5 minutes in they did come and take our drink and food orders.  The appetizer plates that were on the table had 2 out of 3 dirty ones. We had to ask for new ones.  I asked for a burger, no bun and sweet peppers  with mayo.  Hailey the waitress said they no longer have sweet peppers even though it's on the menu. Ok no problem. We also ordered wings with blue cheese and a Mac and cheese which looked delicious in the pic on the menu.  After 30 min still no food or a drink refill.  Wings finally come out alone, no blue cheese and the celery  was all the top of the stalks. Not even the edible part.  5 mins later the burger comes out, no mayo.  Then the Mac n cheese and it's nothing close to the pic on the menu.  We asked for a refill on our drinks and Hailey told us that she would get it "after she settled her other guests".  Really?  We actually would like drinks with our dinner.  We also told her we were still missing blue cheese and mayo. About 10 mins later she returned and asked what drinks we wanted.  Instead of bringing us new glasses, she took our used cups to the back and filled them.  Gross.  She never once checked in on us- we had to flag her down. And they were not busy at all. The only time she stopped to check on us was to ask if we had a printed copy of our restaurant.com certificate in the middle of us eating.  We said no it was on our phone. And she said oh well I wanted to get your check ready.  How did she know that no one wanted another drink or dessert?  We had to waive her down at the end for the check and gave her half cash and half credit card. I asked her to split it and she said ok so all in cash and the rest on the card.   I said no, 50/50 just like I said.  She was confused.  This was the worst service that i have received in a very long time. I know it's a sports bar but it was a slow Monday night.  All in there we were there for 1.5 hours for a burger and wings.  Ridiculous.
1	Having been here before and had a pleasant experience my friends and I thought it would be ideal to visit Catch 22 tonight for happy hour. This was a mistake. After being served less than par, soggy nachos we had ordered the happy hour Budlights. They were flat and tasted like they came from the bottom of the keg. After being informed by our server that they were indeed the bottom of the keg she asked if we could "stomach" them or if we wanted new ones. Is this how Catch 22 treats there customers? Would you ask me to "stomach" raw chicken too? To make matters worse she (the server) proceeded to tell us she was going to give us a sample of the keg because she didn't want to waste another 6 beers. We said it was fine and she called out the female at the table said "is that good enough for you?" Wow. All I have to say is we could have spent our $70 on disgusting nachos and Piss poor beer somewhere else and been treated more like a valued customer then this place. #wasteofmoney #poorfood #badcustomerservice
4	The entire way here I was using the same lines I always use about choosing a 3star place to eat. Diarehh and ebola and hepatitis jokes and whatnot. The wife really wanted fish tacos and cheese curds so she won. Kim greeted and attended to us like a pro,  and friendly attentive and positive all around. At the end of the dining experience the final result was as follows. Wife hated and didn't eat the cod tacos however there was not even a moment of hesitation or inconvenience to be offered for it to be removed for the bill. The garlic honey hot wings were delicious,  and very heavy garlic and that is exactly what you want in a garlic wing.  They were also cooked perfectly,  and saucey and crispy like what we prefer. My burger was a standard burger and served on a delicious bun with standard and delicious curly fries and onion rings. My brother rated the quesadilla at a 4,but when asked what could make it a five had no real suggestion and said "it's a chicken quesadilla what do you want?". Overall it seems that the previously reviewed service issues may have been addressed as both employees present were friendly and attentive and the beers were cold and fine. Out of four people we had 3fourish star reviews and a one star so we are callin it a solid four,  if you avoid the tacos.
5	Finally got a chance to come here after living in the area for a little while.  First off the coupon for checking in on yelp was a nice surprise and second I'm always shocked when a sports bar has above average food. We ordered the Mac and cheese, the prime rib sliders and the pretzels with cheese and artichoke dip.  The pretzels were super hot and soft.  Not dry at all and they had this great coating of butter and salt.  Probably some of the better pretzels I've had in a while.  The Mac and cheese was really good as well.  Little heavy on the bacon flavor in the cheese but my girlfriend was the only one who didn't like that.  I love bacon and didn't mind it at all. Great dish Prime rib sliders were great as well.  The only thing I wish was that the prime rib wasn't shredded.  It made it kind of hard to dip the slider in the au jus without losing a bunch of meat in the process.  Great flavor and really soft buns.  Our server was pretty swamped but she was very friendly and kept checking back as often as she could.  We will for sure be back.
4	The place was overall a lot better than I expected. Lots of TVs to watch sports. Plenty of food options to choose from. Drink specials. Food tasted better than expected for just a sports bar.
4	For those of you who have never been to Catch 22, their macaroni and cheese is a gift to mankind. You can come here to watch the games, or for the Tuesday and Thursday night trivia, but really, you should be coming here for the Mac N Cheese.It's cheesy, gooey, and delicious. It comes with mushrooms and bacon (those are in my top 10 favorite foods) and a side of garlic toast. YUM. I'm pretty sure our waitress caught me licking the plate... twiceThey have a great happy hour menu and tremendous wings, with a choice of 14 different styles/sauces... and I don't even like wings!The service is great whether you have a group of 4 or 14, and with a large group everyone will be entertained. There are pool tables and lots of TV's.Another great reason to love Catch 22? They are involved with local sports and charities!I know we'll be back, and I will read the entire menu so I can "try something new", but who am I kidding? I will be ordering the Mac N Cheese :)
5	Live music, a good tap beer selection and great food specials. This is a great local to just drop in and have some fun.
2	the service is absolutely horrible, took 15 minutes to get the wrong beer. the server clearly hate serving the customers and is completely oblivious to us. hope the food is better.
5	Catch 22 has become our go-to when it comes to when we just don't feel like cooking and want something close and easy.  It's a relaxed casual atmosphere with great food, great drinks and good service.
1	Under new management and ownership.  Was there last night for my first time in months and the new owner was walking around everywhere with a beer in his hands talking to his employees like crap as though he was king shit or something.  NOT impressed at all and I will not be back there.
5	This place is getting over a couple years of being the worst option in the area. If you were here in the past 18 months and swore you'd never go back, think again. The staff is updated with the best for Big Guy's and Catch looks to be a place to go again.
3	Food was just average. Service was very good and attentive.
2	Gone donw since last time we where here. New owner?  First game day not organized at. Food was cold half cooked not enough staff to keep up.
1	I'm giving Catch 22 all of one star, mainly because who I think might be the new owner/manager decided that the group I was there to watch football with this morning wasn't all that important enough for their business and he decided to talk down to one lady in our group because she was setting up a wireless tower to get sound and he thought she was doing it wrong.  Turned out to be bad wifi from Catch 22, however he couldn't admit it.  Furthermore, when I asked if we could have our game on the big screen he replied "nope, that is not happening" and then gave me some BS excuse of how the wiring in the place is all connected and how certain tvs can't go to another channel without other tvs there going to the same channel.  Interesting how other sports bars can get it right, however they can't.  The tone of his answer to me couldn't have been more condescending.  And seriously, if we were told we get a separate place in the restaurant with our own tv then why should we have to bring our own sound to a sports bar???At the end of the day, we were pretty much treated like second class patrons.  The food is somewhat ok at best, last week our group had lousy service, and whomever was in-charge of the place this morning was a real (rhymes with "Rick") to us.  Never going back there again.
1	Extremely understaffed. Our waitress was definitely on crack or something. Took her 10 min to bring us a pitcher and when we poured our beers there was black stuff that floated to the top of the beer and I could see through the glass and saw what looked like almost mold floating around. They definitely don't clean their taps and probably aren't up to health codes at all, just basing it off that. And since we didn't drink the beer brought to us we ordered water, and it's taken 15 to bring that as well. Only reason we stayed was because our friend was performing. Otherwise I would have smashed the glasses on the ground to gain some attention from ANY staff in the place. Horrible horrible place
5	Love this place bartenders ROCK!!! Service is Amazing eat her every Thursday and when I come in, They know me and have my order ready! It's like a 2nd home EVERYONE BRING YOUR FRIENDS!!!
5	Great bar, spacious, a tad bright for a bar but friendly staff. Bartender Dara was all smiles and courteous. Had a few drinks at the bar. They have juke box so that pretty nice. Nice patio to enjoy the cool night air. Would go there again.
2	My boyfriend and I wanted to find a local sports bar to watch a morning Patriots game. I checked Yelp and found this place. There was a Yelp deal going on so figured we'd try it out despite some very negative reviews. So my boyfriend has his jersey on, he's all excited to watch the game, and when we get there, the place is PACKED despite it being 10am. Literally only two seats available at the bar. So we take them. Despite the many TVs, there was only one showing the Pats game which was all the way across the room and not viewable from our seats. We decided not to order anything without first making sure we could watch the game since that was WHY we were there. We spent a few minutes trying to figure out if there was a TV nobody was watching. There ended up being two practically next to each other that had the same game on. Perfect! So we asked the female bartender if she could have the Pats game put on. Her answer was simply, "I'm not sure." and she turned around and went elsewhere. No offer to find out for us or any other assistance. My boyfriend and I just looked at each other like, "Okaaay... what do we do now?" and we started debating whether to leave or not (we did buy the Yelp deal after all and the game had started). A couple minutes later the bartender came back and asked what we wanted to drink. We explained that we weren't going to stay if we couldn't watch the Pats game. I asked her once again, if there was any way we could get a TV tuned in to it. She pointed at a rather intimidating looking man with grey hair which I assumed to be the owner by the way he was walking all around the dining areas. "You can go ask him." Great... I was actually dreading this because I read in a previous review that the owner was not very  accommodating with customers (and my boyfriend was too shy to go ask). So I moseyed on up to him and *gulp* asked. He gave me a sour look and thought for a moment, but didn't say no. He held up his finger and said, "We'll see." as he went into a back room. Good sign... I think? So we're sitting there with our fingers crossed, and finally the game comes on! It was bizarre how grateful we felt being "allowed" to watch a game at a sports bar! The food wasn't bad by any means, but nothing to write home about. I recall the draft beer selection not being all that awesome, so I stuck with my good ol' stand-by... Guinness. I will say that the male bartender that day WAS very friendly and welcomed us as newcomers (even though it was after we asked for the check). He just may have saved the experience and we might give this place another go.
2	Usually my favorite sports bar. I love their wings and they have kilt lifter on tap. Took my daughter for some wings and watch the end of the ASU game. Waitress took 10 minutes to even see if we wanted anything to drink then brought us a cup that was cracked and leaking. We waited 15 minutes for her to bring my daughter another drink but it never arrived. So I paid for my Coke and left without eating. This was the first time I've ever been extremely disappointed in this place. It is under new management so it might be growing pains. We will try one more time.
5	OK. We stopped coming here as the service was bad and the place was dirty. Hate sticky menus. My wife vowed never to go back. I stopped by tonight to get To go food. You can feel the difference. The place is clean. I received quick service and the bartender was friendly. I saw the owner working his butt off making sure everything was good. Our food was good. We will go back soon.
1	Service sucked, waitresess acted like they hated life and people. Went there to watch ufc and have to download an app and listen to with headphones. Volume was super low from app it was super cheesy. Worst service ever! Waitress came around ever 15 minutes and i asked for ketchup and ranch and 20 minutes later she brought it. Smh
