3	Sephora is great... if you're a girl, but when it comes to guys sephora isn't very generous. They have the basics, but little more than that. You would be lucky to find anything you couldn't find at Macy's for men. Heck you'd have better luck finding what you want at one of those "Perfumania" stores. Also the staff usually is pretty clueless about what little they do have for men. Maybe I'm asking alot of sephora, but I would like to think not. Also the store is poorly layed out. Too crowded and a bit too bright. It is often too noisy as well.
3	this place is great in theory, but i honestly only ever come to buy a gift for a girl friend. i don't shop here regularly, and when i came during christmas season i just about ripped all my hair out - the staff was bumbling, mumbling and inefficient. i know, they were probably just hired the day before for the busy season, but my god i had to fight the ever-changing line dynamics as a people just decided to start new ones wherever they felt like it and it took the sales girl about 20 minutes to gift wrap everysingle item.
3	Ah...Sephora how I love you.  You bring back fond memories of my 3 years in Paris.  You brought back fond memories of when I worked for the LVMH corporation and helped launch Sephora's flagship store in San Francisco on Union Square.Sephora in Scottsdale is lovely, but it didn't have quite the selection I was hoping it would.  Staff is ok, sometimes a bit overzealous, but helpful nonetheless.
5	Sephora=Euphoria! Why go to a department store for name brand cosmetics and skin care when you can go to Sephora! They have every brand you are looking for and a lot of brands that are hard to find at department stores such as an extensive selection of Philosophy. It's a fun laid back environment with make over sections everywhere so you can test the makeup before you buy it. They also have the walls of perfume for both men and women..which to my knowledge is the most perfumes I have seen in my life! The Sephora brand itself has great deals on makeup and tons of gadgets...literally another wall with at least fifteen kinds of powder brushes. I don't always NEED something from Sephora, but when I'm in Fashion Square I NEED to go in. That's when the five minute glam makeover happens! A squirt of Burrberry Brit perfume, a dab of lip venom, and whatever else strikes me and I am a new woman! Perfect pick me up if you are going somewhere after the mall!
3	Sephora is wonderful for the range of products that they keep in stock.  I loved my experience there.  The staff was most excellent in assisting.  With that said there is a very fine line where assisting becomes annoying your customer beyond belief.  Please stop with the pushing of this product and that product.  Also please remember the personal stuff that you discuss @ the register isn't always for the general public.
4	Like a candy store for chicks and gay guys. So fun. I could browse, sniff and spritz the colognes for hours. I'm amazed at all the products that are out there. Now, I know nothing about make up but am learning more as I attend more fashion shows and go behind the scenes. It's pretty impressive the difference the good stuff is compared to well, something, you'd get at Walgreen's. Rickie bought something called Lip Injector here. WOW...that's some freaky ass stuff. I seriously saw his lips poof up like Goldie Hawn in The First Wive's Club. I don't know if there's botulism or cayenne pepper in there, but that stuff worked. So fellas, your ladies will love anything from here this holiday season. And gay fellas, well, you already know!
4	The Sephora store in the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall is a shiny happy place where every aisle sparkles with the latest cosmetics, fragrances, skincare lines, hair products, bath and bod lines and beauty accessories. From playful lines like Bliss and Philosophy to serious skincare lines and department store quality cosmetics, Sephora has a little bit of something for everyone. But honestly, I have love-hate relationship with the store. I love that you can browse, sniff and sample products without getting the evil eye from the sales staff. On the other hand, on the occasions that I did need help with a serious skincare question, I always seem to get the new girl who has no idea to how to help me with my skincare woe. So I might recommend you do your homework before you go on a serious Sephora shopping trip. Otherwise, Sephora is a great way to reward yourself with a little something sweet and fat-free.
5	sephora is awesome! full of great brands of makeup! urban decay, id, lorac, benefit, toofaced, etc.  only thing i wish they had was MAC! then it be perfect! it's basically like an upscale version of ulta. its like a candy store for girls, they have men's cologne but honestly can you see a man walk into that store just to get cologne and walk out and carry around a sephora bag? lol.
5	Sephora is like crack for me. I went in here last weekend for the first time, and I came out thinking how the hell did I survive without this glorious land of sparkly makeup and excessive purfume? Screw you Ulta and Target, Sephora stole my little vain heart. I came out of here with several wild shades of eyeshadow including purple and lime green, which I am sure I will never wear since I usually wear neutral or coal colors. But whatever. I am an eyeshadow fiend.
5	I have to. I have to write about my love for Sephora. Sephora is the adult equivalent to FAO Swartz for makeup. The second I walk inside, I feel giddy, my wallet feels too empty, I find my perfume and makeup wardrobe at home to be too dull and too dreary and I float through the store with a permanent smile on my face. As most ladies know, Sephora is full of perfume, bathing supplies and cosmetics galore. No matter the brand, the skin type, the quality or the budget you can find something right for you at Sephora. The staff is friendly and helpful without being too pushy. Pushy makeup artists are the worst. You can test, sample and spray to your heart's desire. They have the Sephora brand with amazing deals on lipstick, eye shadow, brushes and more. During the holidays and throughout the year, various specials line the counter tops. The rewards program allows you to justify why you spent so much because you could walk away with a brand new philosophy primer, smash-box kit or some clinique products. I've been shopping and browsing Sephora for years and the Fashion Square location couldn't be more perfect and fatal to my wallet all at the same time. Sometimes I walk through the store on the way to my car. Bad move Lindsey because when did I ever think I could just walk through Sephora without making an itty bitty purchase. Lancome, Lorac, Narz, Clinique and Dior -- just to name a few of the products available at Sephora. Any perfume imaginable is available here. Lipsticks, glosses, nail polish, tanner, powder, shampoo, lotion...I could go on for days. So next time a yelper asks where they should go for some makeup, send them in the direction of Sephora. I'll probably see them there.
5	I love Sephora.  The associates are always friendly, knowledgeable,  and very helpful.  They know the perfect colors for my skin type and for any occasion I am attending.  They explain how to put on the product and what makes the product special.  The products are expensive, but they last for a very long time.  I always get compliments on my make-up and I always buy from Sephora.
4	Having been a fan of the Sephora chain for a long time, I have found that I often preferred the store at Scottsdale Fashion Square (and the one in Las Vegas on the Strip) the most. They are all, including this location, very focused on customer service. I was asked at least once by each person working the floor if I needed any assistance. To the point where I was wondering if I didn't look out of place or suspicious to them. I have found that even this store is prone to looking a little thrashed. This store used to maintain itself better than most others I had been into. On my last visit here  samples and palates are tattered, broken, empty or missing. They don't look like anything I would want to try for fear of catching something. I saw more than one lady using the actual testers for lipstick and mascara instead of getting the disposable swabs and brushes to try out the samples. Blegh....talk about cross contamination and risks for infections.... GHETTO! Plus at the "stations" where you can get disposable swabs , brushes and Kleenex some of the containers were empty.... Maybe I will just stick to ordering from their online catalog and forget fighting the crowds to get in here. Plus I get sooo many really great samples ordering online anyway!
4	Love the products. Sephora brand guava body butter is probably my favorite thing ever. I hate lotion because it's super greasy, and I've tried other body-mosturizers, but this stuff just takes the cake. It smells great and leaves my skin quenched but not gross.Love their birthday presents and $15 off X-mas coupons.Don't love going into the store. I feel awkward, and the sales associates (especially the men) ignore me. Normally I'd like that, but I'm a noob when it comes to beauty and skincare products. In my mind it's because I look like a scrub compared to the other shoppers, but if I'm taking the time to find parking at Fashion Square to go to Sephora, I'm going to buy something! I have received good tips though, so the associates aren't all terrible.
5	Attentive, helpful, knowledgeable staff... Never stingy with the samples... Clean store... Love this place!
4	I get very excited when my wife wants to go to Sephora because I'm always looking for my next new favorite cologne! The staff here is very knowledgable on what's popular and they are very good at helping me discover different fragrances that I usually end up loving. Just to be sure though, they always send me home with a little sample to try out for a few days before I buy!
5	Sephora is about as good as it gets. When I was young and my sister and I discovered this store for the first time it was one of those moments that you stare in the door with your mouth open and just appreciate all the wonderful things you are about to find in there! I do a lot of my Sephora shopping online for products I know I like and just need refills on. When I need to go to the store itself I know it's always going to be busy--especially this location being in Scottsdale Fashion Sq. At least they have the entrance to the outside and if you can just come and go from there once you brave parking.They are always adding new products, but things go quickly-which is why I buy online a lot. Many times I've found my favorites sold-out. There always seems to be a good amount of sales staff and I can get suggestions and recommendations if I'm looking for something particular. I've also been able to get samples if I really wanted to try something. The staff is pretty knowledgeable about the brands and if one doesn't know they'll usually ask someone else to get the answer for you. They also have good customer service at the counter and with your receipt you can always return an item you are not happy with.
3	Was super annoyed by this Sephora. The first three times I was asked if I was "doing ok?" was not bothersome. By the tenth time I was asked, I really felt like the employees were going to frisk me. I had a baby with me! I really hope I don't have to do any holiday shopping here. I'd rather go somewhere else.
4	I shop local... I swear I do!But I also was recently allowed back into Scottsdale Fashion Square (after the flashmob a year ago), and I had a Sephora giftcard.  So I admit, I did go to this big box store recently... Don't tell anyone,  but I actually liked it.  I don't wear a ton of makeup, but shopping at Sephora almost makes me want to wear more.  There are so many fun colors, packages, products galore!  I walked out with an eyeliner, a lipliner, and some Philosphy gift packs (I heart Philosophy).I definitely could have done more damage, but I went during the holiday craze and this place was a zoo!  With good reason - Sephora offers something for everyone, from cute stocking stuffers to bigger ticket items like high end cosmetics, skincare, hairdryers, etc... There were plenty of helpful employees working and despite long lines at checkout, they went pretty quickly.Bottom line - I try to shop local whenever possible but every now and then I make an exception and hit up a chain... I'll likely continue to go to Sephora for cosmetic, fragrance, bath products and gifts. You can't go wrong there even though it's not the yelpiest!
4	Obviously, I'm not the girliest of girls, but Sephora is so cool. It almost makes me want to wear makeup...Almost. I mean not really, but in theory it seems fun. I usually go for perfume/cologne purchases and I am never disappointed. Especially since I figured out they have this interactive screen to help you find a signature scent. That was fairly surprising. It was pretty much dead on for me and my best friend. I found a new favorite thanks to it. The Scottsdale location is very nice, but I'm still partial to the San Francisco location.
3	Sephora is my go-to spot when I need my mascara, Christian Dior's Diorshow, and anything by Bumble & Bumble. I get most of my make-up, skincare items, and perfume from Ulta due to their rewards program, 20% off coupons, better prices, and various sales. Sephora has a Beauty Insider rewards program but it doesn't do as much for the shopper as far as deals, saving money, etc. It's a good store, but I'd have to put it behind Ulta for the aforementioned reasons.
4	This is the very first time I have ever been in here.This location anyway, the first one was in downtown Seattle.  Yes, I came with my girlfriend. Both times,but it is a cool place for men as well.Samples of colonge, creams ,lotions and anything else you have ever wanted to try. They will even give you samples of things to take home. They will make you a sample of anything you would like to try.It can be challange to get inside the Scottsdale Mall at times.But, on this day it was not too bad,(during the week) and early in the day.It is a cool place,with lots to see and try. Loads of people wanting to help you as well.
5	Sara and the other gals are soo helpful and friendly!
5	Stopped in quickly today to return an item I bought online. I had my packing slip so it was no problem and that way didn't have to deal with shipping the return back through the mail. Also got my free beauty insiders birthday gift today! If you sign up for a beauty insiders card you accumulate points which you can redeem for little extras or deluxe samples. On your birthday they give you a little treat like a lip balm set or shower gel!
5	I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE Sephora! Not only are the girls that work there so great and accommodating, but the product lines are limitless, so it would seem. LOVE LOVE LOVE Sephora. Did I mention LOVE?Oh, and go to their website and you can see individual product reviews! YAYE.
5	I LOVE Sephora. And this is my favorite location in the valley. It would be easy to spend $100 here, but I try to spend $50 or less each time I go. I only get the staples that I really need (foundation, powder, skincare items), and I stretch my dollar by asking for free perfume samples, which they will make for you on the spot. Definitely become a Beauty Insider, you get perks for earning 100 points, 500 points and so on!
5	This Sephora location is my favorite. It has a convient location right next to the food court in the Scottsdale Fashion mall. Also, it has an entrance from outside so you don't have to make your way around that huge mall to find it. The employees are extremely helpful. They also have many professional makeup artist available to help you. I use "Makeup Forever" products and I had a very nice young woman color match me with no problem. It's always good to have employees who at least appear to be happy and know what they're talking about. Anyways, love this Sephora! Will recommend this location over any one In the East valley.
5	I am a Sephora Insider because I frequent Sephora all the time. I recently had my free makeover done by Heather and Yvette at Sephora. They did a fabulous job! It was so great! I don't usually like when people do my makeup since I am really fussy. They listened to exactly what I wanted and made me look flawless! I recommend getting all your beauty needs at Sephora!
5	Let me start by saying that i am a die hard MAC fan... only ever used MAC and am a total snob about it! BUT now that i have basically every shade of their lipgloss and lipstick- i thought it was time to venture out of my little box.I got a MUA named Julian and he was AhhhhhMazzzinngggg! We spent about an hour just playing with different makeup and he created a whole new look for me PLUS we made it budget friendly which was an added bonus! Even the other MUA's were coming over to watch him work his magic on me! I had so much fun AND got a new look! I already set up another time to go in and see him for another mini makeover!
5	I popped into this location to pick up some makeup for my niece. The saleslady on the floor showed me their "kid" selection, and there were quite a few nice things that I picked up.The sephora is pretty standard. Tons of people out shopping for Christmas, but the staff was on it. At checkout, Alyse helped me and she was such a darling. I told them they were for my niece and she wrapped the makeup so cute and included gift receipts without my having to ask. Super nice girl.
4	I like to joke that I have worked a monthly Sephora expenditure into my budget, but really it's not a joke. Who am I kidding, I don't even budget. But if I did I would definitely account for the needed-trips to this makeup mecca. Everyone has their vices and mine is skincare products. I came to this one specifically because I had a free makeup session (typically you have to buy $50 worth of product) after getting upgraded in my Sephora membership status. I like a good points system, and Sephora has a pretty decent one. As you rack up points you get access to freebies (sample sized sunscreens, lip glosses, cleansers, etc.) and spend enough and you'll get a status upgrade in your membership. That opens the door to private parties and more access to other goodies and incentives.Anyway, I went in for the session and got my makeup done by Gaby who was patient with me as I fired off every eyshadow question I'd ever had. I mostly utilize Sephora for skincare products but am now dabbling into more serious makeup options because well I'm 28 years old and don't know how to put on eyeshadow. 2014 will be the year I learn how to make my face without looking like a common streetwalker.Gaby gave me a natural look that I could take from day to night and some great application tips. She made a bunch of recommends, all of which I saved in my Sephora app so I could remember what to purchase later. If you're like me and you like to sample a cleanser before you know you spend, oh $60 on it, you can sample it. They will pretty much let you sample anything and they give you enough to last a couple of days.This is one of the bigger Sephoras I've been to in town, so their selection was more on point with the stores that I'm used to shopping at in Vegas, where I'm from. Customer service was pretty nice and again, Gaby was fantastic and I'd definitely recommend her if you're going in to get your makeup done for a special event or hot date!Pro tip: download the Sephora app and you can track your points, bookmark things that you like and find out if they're in a store near you, make purchases (spend $50=free shipping which isn't hard to do with them), and just search their extensive assortment of products by skin type, price, etc. It's a great app!It's true, Sephora is stupid expensive. But for the most part worth the price!
3	This is what a Sephora should look like: YSL, Soap & Glory, Givenchy, Marc Jacobs. etc. Staff didn't check up on us because it was too crowded though. But still lots of easy ways to try on all the products.
4	I love this Sephora! They have everything! I was disappointed with a lot of Sephoras in my travels because they were missing either Kat Von D or Makeup Forever products. This one probably has everything because it is in a high rated mall. However, the staff was not helpful; I had a hand full of stuff- kept dropping everything, and they did not even pay attention to offer me a basket. Ugh!
5	I love this Sephora. The employees are always very helpful and nice. The customer service is amazing. I love that you can enter the store from outside so that you do not have to go through the entire mall.
5	I had the best experience here. Usually I get matched up inaccurately but the women who assisted me was named keenan I think? I'm spelling her name wrong but it's in the same ball park. I was so impressed with her that I spent 200$
5	The manager at this location goes above and beyond to ensure each customer is completely satisified.
3	I like the store itself and the wide array of products and knowledge so I decided to do the full make-up with a $50.00 product purchase.  I usually go to MAC for this but wanted to try something different and Sephora sells many products I could try.My three-star review is based on the make-up application I received with the $50.00 product purchase.  The make-up deserves a 2-star review at best.I asked Sephora how well trained their staff is in application and they assured me the make-up artists receive "extensive" training.  I don't know what that means, but based on my application, extensive probably means, watching hours of YouTube videos.  I had an event to got to several weeks back and although my makeup artist was quite nice, she did a poor job on my make up.  She did my eyebrows first without any foundation on my face and I could immediately tell by the way her hand was moving to draw the line that it wasn't going to be good.  The line she drew alone my brow line was very thick and the color was inconsistent.  It looked like as if she had a shaky hand while drawing it.  After my eyebrows, she then applied eyeshadow, eyeliner, etc...  It looked okay but not well-blended.  She then applied my lashes, which actually weren't glued on all the way on one corner of my eyelid.  After the eye make-up she applied foundation and some concealer.  She did not apply any powder as she said the foundation she used sets itself -- um okay.  I told her I liked full-coverage, but my makeup job looked medium at best.After she was finished she did my lips which was the best applied make-up she did.  When I got home, I noticed my foundation was not blended around my eye area and there was actually areas where there was no foundation whatsoever.After this experience, I will never go to Sephora again for make-up with a product purchase.  MAC make-up artists are by far superior to Sephora so I will continue to got to MAC for the $50.00 product purchase + make-up.
3	Great selection, various luxury makeup brands, but the SERVICE could improve. Service is a hit or miss, they often look at you and depending on that try to approach you. Sorry, but ignoring a customer isn't they way to go!  You could always fake a hello, it doesn't hurt anyone!  :)   On the positive side, good point system and good samples.
5	After receiving a confirmation email that I had made the list to attend the Yelp Elite Event "Dia de Los Muertos" to be held at Barrio Queen, I contemplated on getting a Sugarskull makeover, but where would I go for something like this?  I asked a coworker who did body painting and received a quote from her, but there was a question of whether the products she used would be safe for me to try, so I put the thought away.  The next day, I remembered that mall department stores offered makeovers all the time, and then I thought of Sephora's makeover stations that I never tried.  What a perfect time to do so, I thought, so I made the call.  The woman on the phone asked if I had photos of the look I wanted, and I said I'd bring some, and I asked for a time estimate.  She said an hour.  I made an appointment for 4:30p, but as it turned out, I arrived early and was introduced to Amber, who was to be my custom makeup artist.  Amber was very amiable, conversational, and excited to do something out-of-the-ordinary, which made the whole process of getting a makeover very fun!  I have sensitive skin, as well as food and environmental allergies that keep me from using foundation and many products, so I was nervous about the possibility of negative reactions to any of the products we were going to try, but the only problem I encountered was a mild itch on my nose- not enough for me to want to run to the nearest sink and wash off all the products!  The whole process took about two hours**, and Amber answered all of my questions throughout.  I received many compliments at the Dia de los muertos party I attended, despite the fact that attendees could receive COMPLIMENTARY makeup from an artist present at the party.  (I was even approached by a mother with a young girl at the end of the event who wanted photographs taken with me!)  At least I knew that I was using quality products designed for surgical patients through Amber and Sephora!  (Not to say that the artist there wasn't using quality products, but with party time constraints, I wouldn't have been able to ask her all I needed to know to avoid skin reactions.  All that had their makeup done with her looked terrific!)I would like to schedule more makeovers at Sephora so that I may learn how to achieve certain looks, as well as try out new products, and I will ask for Amber again, or someone she recommends I try.*Please note that there is a $50 minimum purchase associated with a custom makeover.**Amber went above and beyond her duties as a Sephora makeup artist when she assisted in applying tattoo decals I had purchased elsewhere, as well as allowed me to pay for products there at the CM station, rather than have me wait to pay at the cashier.  I had a terrific time!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sephora-scottsdale?select=lzZbOl2eBlmKOTWqdvF1Bw#lzZbOl2eBlmKOTWqdvF1Bwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sephora-scottsdale?select=HBeoahPFcVAb4fOWXm_q3A#HBeoahPFcVAb4fOWXm_q3Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sephora-scottsdale?select=VEWdri3QbWfQTv1ngN8Vbw#VEWdri3QbWfQTv1ngN8Vbw
5	My only experience was looking for something that evidently is discontinued. Staff could not have been more accomodating. I am a male who looks like an old shoe. I am usually invisible in many chains.Their knowledge was such that they made recommendations and told me why. This one lasts longer, this one is more easily removed.. ....
5	Who doesn't like sephora?Jesus."when I die bury me in a sephora store"..That's my song.Gabby is really helpful.i tend to go to sephora weekdays when it's less busy and I have time to go through each and every damn item.I am a makeup whore.They have mostly middle-high end makeup & skincare varied skin tones,female male items.U can set up makeup classes and get makeup down for (I think)a price.Tons of well educated associates in different parts of beauty.Love this place
5	The staff here were very friendly and so pretty haha Mike found me the eyeliner ive been looking for all my life . Thank you Mike ;)
4	Its kind of hard to flag someone down, because they are always busy helping someone. But once you do.. Never let go. Sephora workforce, knows their stuff. Don't be shy to ask them how to use a tool, or a shade, or even if you are putting on your make up right. They are there to always help you out.I wish it wasn't as expensive. But I get it. I love this place!
5	As always, Sephora has everything you need for your beauty routine! It is a little cramped and can be hard when it's packed, but overall very clean and well-stocked store. Love it and the staff is always super nice and funny!
