3	My friends and I literally stumbled onto this place and we were pleasantly surprised. The food was reasonably priced, and it was good. You know, not out of this world, but tasty, and some dishes were pleasantly surprising. I'd tell you what they were, but, like I said, we were stumbling. They lose a couple stars because of the weird service. The waitress seemed confused about who she was and why she was there. Apparently they don't make cocktails at the bar. Stick to sake, wine or beer. They have liquor, but they were confused about what they should do with it when we asked for assorted drinks. We asked the bartender, "Can you recommend a cocktail" figuring maybe they had a signature and she was like, "Sex on the beach?" and my friend and fellow yelper Jenn C., said, "Uh, that's a sign that we should have wine."
3	I will co-sign with Siobhan K [since I was at the same table].  :)On a previous trip to Vegas, i got some food here to go, and it was yummy.  Not the genuine flavorful Asian food you can get at someone's grandma's house or Chinatown in a major city, but decent for Vegas.  I did like that they serve it family style.  If you have a big group, it's a good way to taste lots of different things.
1	I know it's in the Paris hotel, but they didn't need to replicate the French attitude to American tourists. We had to wait 30 minutes and ask several times for a table, despite repeated assurances that we'd be seated right away. The two hostesses clearly didn't have their act together.This is not a sushi place - it's an Asian fusion place, with a mix of Japanese, Vietnamese, Korean, etc. None of it is interesting. This was the worst meal I had on this trip to Vegas.
3	Ordered hamachi sashimi, sake nigiri, and a Caterpillar roll.  The whole bill came out to $40 after tax and tip.  My sushi was fresh enough, got sat at the sushi bar.  I came here as a last resort after having walked around Paris and Bally casino and not finding anything good.  This place was pretty much dead.  I wanted to try Mon Ami Gami, but the wait was atrocious for what my husband says is mediocre food.  There were better choices at Caesar's and Bellagio, but I couldn't bring myself for another 20 minute walk just to cross the street tonight.
4	Unlike the other reviews, i had a pleasant experience here.  Though it was a while ago, there was practically no wait for a table outside.  The outdoor seating is along the strip and is pretty much right under the "eiffel tower" and Paris balloon.The food was good.  Didnt have any sushi, just basic dishes and i found my Fried Rice to be very flavorful.  It was not a traditional asian place but an asian fusion restaurant.
2	It was okay.  Kinda right there with PF Chang's - nothing great, but nothing horrible.  We had 2 appetizers and some noodles - the papaya salad and the tempura eggplant was nice.  The noodles were a bit greasy and I kept burping aftertaste all evening - but were ok.  It was all OK - but just OK
2	Skip it.  Nothing special hereI have to say the store decorations, menus, utencils are high class, but  the service and food was something you'd expect at an amateur Asian restaurant but very expensive.We ordered $20+ "juicy" prawns and it just looked like fried prawns I could've done better.  We asked for rice and they gave us one dried small bowl.  They also brought the wrong food and insisted for a bit that we did order the items brought to us.  Geez.There's a good reason this place had no customers, even when it's right next to their club.  Don't be tricked by their posters around Paris.Oh.. another small rant.  Since it's October, they had cotton wrapped around everywhere for the Halloween theme, but this looked terrible.  Really badly done.  A nice looking restaurant that costs a lot with cotton balls everywhere.. what are they thinking.
2	Ah Sin turned out to be quite a disappointment. Like many reviewers before me said, there is a reason that it's relatively empty on a weekend with a club right next to it. Oh well, we thought, we were hungry and didn't want to wait a long time somewhere else. The service was lousy, the food mediocre and slightly dry, and...well I can't really think of anything else to say, good or bad. It was just that forgettable.
1	You know when you walk into a Chinese/Japanese/Mexican restaurant and they have everything on the menu, and it's expensive, and you can tell the food can't be that good? This is the place.You know when you walk into a sushi place, and there some guy who isn't Japanese serving you? And the sushi was cut wrong? This is the place.You know when you walk into a restaurant, and you can tell by the high prices and the mediocre food, it was designed to fool tourists? This is the place.
3	Wow, this place gets ripped a new one.  Don't get me wrong, I understand why people would not like this place.  It is an overpriced, fusion asian place in a casino.  Since casinos expect all their venues to make money including the comps they give to big players, this has resulted in menu prices to go through the roof.  Of course, there is increasing food prices in general, but it does not explain the situation alone.So, when I dine at a casino restaurant, my expectations are a bit lower.  As I tell everyone who will listen, eat anywhere but a casino.  I end up doing so because the people I am with are too lazy or do not think that they are missing out on anything.  Anyway, on to review.Ambience and service are very good.  Our server did speak in heavily accented English, so he was a bit hard to understand.  It does not bother me, but I realize some people are annoyed by this.For the food, I think it is a fair parallel to PF Chang's.  If you hate PF Chang's because it isn't real Chinese, then you will hate this place.  This place is for tourist from all over the place and often places that only have a PF Chang's representing Asian food.I think that given that you are in a overpriced casino restaurant, the prices are decent.  It is a bit less than the Wynn's Chinese restaurants.  At least the bowl of Hot and Sour soup is $6 and not $9 or whatever it was.  Most of the entrees ran about $15 on average for your typical noodles, Mongolian beef and such.  The portions are not outrageously tiny like the Wynn, but they are not terribly big either.  If you have a ton of heavy eaters, you had better make your way to the buffet instead.At least I got my rice fix and I was not charged extra for it  (a very common sin in casino Chinese restaurants).If you want decent Chinese food, jump in a cab and go to:Harbor Seafood Palacehttp://www.yelp.com/biz/harbor-palace-seafood-restaurant-las-vegas
3	Ah-Sin is so-so.  There was a little bit of everything on the menu and kind of has a PF Chang's feel to me with a sushi bar attached.We ordered the BBQ pork, mandarin beef, and General Tso's chicken.  The BBQ pork was great and so was the beef.  The chicken was okay.  I didn't try any of the sushi, so I can't speak to that, but it seemed to be more of the highlight of the place.The service was good and we had a nice meal.  It wasn't busy at all and was easy to get a table.  I'll probably check out a few other Asian spots in the area before coming back here to try the sushi.
1	It was okay... we got the all you can eat sushi for $20. Limited sushi roll selection. Service was sub-par. Good thing my friends and I always have a good time. We were the only ones laughing so hard... The environment seems a bit snooty. And the manager or some guy in a suit came over to talk to us, and said that the crab roll was excellent. We ordered the crab roll before he said that, and it's IMITATION crab. Even my friend asked him if it was real crab, and the guy said yes... what a liar. Either he doesn't know SHIT about sushi or he was lying. I think it's that he doesn't know shit about sushi.We just ended up eating the fish from the sushi and left the rice. LOL... Oh yeah, and the hostess was a bitch. There was a TON of free tables inside, and she was sweating us b/c we didn't have a reservation... what a c*nt. She didn't seat us until the owner of the restaurant got mad at her and she said "seat them!" in spanish. The hostess seemed european. hahaha.... I think it's because when you put two latinos, a black, guy and a filipino girl together - they probably figure you're not worth the time of day... which was exactly the vibe the 4 of us got... that hostess got what she was supposed to get.
4	This place has gotten some bad reviews but i really liked it.We sat outside, right next to the Paris balloon and across form the fountains.  The people were great and the food was very yummy, a little pricey but my friends and i split a few dishes and it was greati think its a great date spot (wait do people date in vegas?) and my girsl and i got some good shots of us all dressed up for an evening out with the fountains in the back
1	This place was absolutely horrible!  From service, to food, to EVERYTHING!  I had the all-you-can eat sushi and they were absolutely shady, for lack of a better word.  The rice to fish ratio, I would say was 90/10.... Really!  They may as well have called it all-you-can eat rice.  Oh and might I add that the minute we checked in with the hostess, she told us to wait 10-15 minutes for a table only to find out she was going to tell us the same thing 3 times every 15 minutes.  We waited for almost an hour!  What was that?!!!!  You'd think you would get some great food for that kind of wait but even grocery store-bought sushi is waaaay better.  Don't come here - take my word for it.
1	This is NOT a Japanese restaurant. We did the 20 buck all-you-can-eat sushi thing which was a tragic decision. The sushi rice is TERRIBLE. But the crab roll appetizer was really good. My theory is that if you stick to Chinese food you'll be okay.(Our waiter was French and snooty. I thought he was funny. )
2	Totally overpriced for mediocre sushi. That's a no-no in my book. We ordered our usual sushi pieces (assorted nigiri and rolls) and didn't even finish half of it. That really saddens me. I believe sushi shouldn't be wasted but ugh, in this instance, it was unavoidable.
3	I actually liked this place a lot. I was really surprised to see the bad reviews. My friend and I saw the all-you-can-eat sushi special and were delighted by the very idea of lots of sushi. I found the sushi to be delicious, but the selection was limited as it usually is for all-you can-eat deals. I also liked the decor. It was bit loud because the casino floor isn't very far, but not nearly as loud as a buffet.
2	we came here for the all you can eat, while we were waiting to take our flight back home.  For $20, when you are hung over, it's fresh and it wasn't bad (except the vegetable roll.. is that mashed peas?)I wouldn't most likely waste a 'dining opportunity' again being in vegas (and being I'm such a whore for hot wings etc)  but it wasn't terrible, and it certainly was cheap (by vegas standards) and convenient. If you are hungry, on the strip, and want sushi - it's better than some.
1	We made a reservation for two for the all you can eat sushi.  I thought it would be a pretty good or at least decent place to dine since it was inside the Paris Casino, boy were we WRONG!  This is the worst sushi place i have ever eaten. We were allowed to choose three rolls each from the menu.  I ordered one plate with the three rolls and ate less than one roll from that plate.  I was too scared to eat more and get sick.  It was the shortest dinner i have ever had...I Would not reccomend anyone to come even if you are hungry....You're better off not eating, because you will definitly leave this place with an empty stomach...
2	I came here with my friend for his early birthday dinner.  For $20 all you can eat sushi, I've had better.  There weren't even fillings in the sushi so it was basically 'All You Can Eat' rice. I felt bad for my friend since I chose this place, but that's a note to myself in the future.
1	Oh goodness, where do I even start.  Ok so I was in a group with 6 people and 2 people ordered the $20.00 all you can eat sushi and the rest ordered from the regular menu. Here is a breakdown of our experience. 1) Horrible service. Our waiteress was very mean, slow, negligent, and very effing rude.  2) The all-you-can-eat sushi tasted like old costco sushi.  Nasty.  The rice tasted old and really dry.  The seafood was very scarce and you can only order 3 rolls at a time.  And it took forever for our waitress to come back each time so we can order more sushi.3) I ordered the Tom Kha soup and it tasted nothing like how it should be.  It was watered down, oily, and it wasn't even spicey!!!! 4) My friends ordered the combination fried rice and it was very dry and bland.  Even the meat tasted like rubber.5) It took forever for our waitress to bring our check to us.  She knew we were done eating a long time ago and she still ignored us.6) The restaurant manager was an A-hole.  After our horrible horrible experience, we complained to the manager and he was being such an asshole.  He was telling us that we should have brought it up to his attention in the beginning of the dinner. The reason why we waited was because we gave it a benefit of the doubt.  We were trying really hard to be understanding and was hoping our service would improve but it didn't.  Who is he to tell us how and when to complain.  He just made his restaurant look even more stupid.  And because we "waited too long" to complain, he only comped us for the 2 all you can eat sushi even though a majority of what we ordered was nasty as hell.  We still complained and he ended up taking off the fried rice.  Big freaking whoop.  I seriously hope this restaurant closes down or at least get new management.  They seem pretty unorganized here and by judging the other reviews on here, I'm not the only one that thinks this restaurant is down the drain.  Avoid this restaurant by all means.. Don't let the all you can eat banner outside fool you.  Save your money and run!!!! Run far far away from this place!
2	What do you expect when you see a sign for All You Can Eat Sushi for $19.95?  Less and mediocre food right?  Well that's what I expected and that's what I got! The sushi was blah and there was waaaaay more rice in the sushi rolls than there was actually fish.    So, don't get the all you can eat sushi deal unless you don't care how it tastes.On the other hand, my friend ordered miso soup for $4.50 and that sucker was HUGE....not the typical small miso soup bowls....so that was cool.  I skipped the sushi because I had an inkling it was going to be wack, so I ordered the Ah Sin Fried Rice (which was kinda wack too....not very flavorful at all).  I also ordered the Har Gow (shrimp dumplings) and it was surprisingly good....I've had better...but it was good.  Oh and they charge you for hot tea ($8 for a pot that serves 5 people easily).
1	A total waste of time , a very poor restaurant experience. We were not looking for some five star experience , just some decent tasty Chinese.We had the Sarawak salad which included pieces of overfried duck  on top of some mixed leaves ,followed by the Ah Sin special fried rice and the Mongolian beef. The special fried rice was not very special at all and very bland and under spiced. When I ordered the Mongolian beef the waiter told me it was going to be spicy , which  I have no problem with. However when we received the food it was not at all spicy and appeared to have been doused in some gloppy sauce and then sat on top of some packet noodles.My overall impression of this place is that it is geared for the blandest palate  possible in order not to offend people who are not used to decent Szechuan or Cantonese food.
1	Ok, so in August we made a trip to Vegas, just a mini one right before the Fall started. My friends and I walked the strip back to our destination, when we realized that this little Sushi place in the Paris Hotel had "ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI". We figured, being hung over from the night before, maybe we will hit this place up and soak up all the excess alcohol. 1. WRONG. Two out of the six people with us ordered the AUCE. The waitress was being a DUMB BROAD and said that "NO YOU CANNOT SHARE". (something like that). 2. Waitress was a bad server. She basically kept us in the dark and never came back for refills, our bill took forever, and we had to call her over for any requests that we needed.3. Rice was dry. Meat was not flavorful. Soup was watered down4. One of my friends spoke with the manager and told him how our service and experience went. Our bill went from like 2/300 to I think 130. we didn't leave her tip because she knew her service was horrible. She didn't even want to look at us after we left.Never again, shall I step foot in AH Sin, the name tries to pull you in, but in reality it AHH SUCKED.
3	I can't give this restaurant a full review, because I didn't really dine there.  See, I had tickets to a New Years Eve event that was held at the Risque, the club upstairs.  As part of that event, Ah Sin was open with a free buffet and open bar.  The food was decent, but nothing spectacular.  Below average sushi rolls, plus some average chinese food and a couple carving stations.  The patio was cool, though, and we watched the massive amounts of tourists on the strip through midnight.
1	Ugh, i so wished i had internet access and had checked the reviews before we decided to eat at this place. The WORST sushi i have ever had. We saw they had all you could eat sushi for $18.95 and thought we'd give it a try before seeing a show. We were getting close to showtime so after being seated (at the sushi bar) and ignored for 5 mins we told the front desk we needed to order, 5 more mins and nothing. We got the attention of the mgr Patrick, a total tool, that told us "we know' when we said we had to get to a show soon. He took our order and we were served totally different rolls than the people next to us that ordered the same ones (no extra toppings, etc.). I WILL NEVER go back to this place ever and i recommend you don't either!!!!
1	I wish I'd checked out reviews on this site...but no, had to find out the hard way.  The reason the all-you-can-eat sushi was horrid and didn't look like what others were being served at the sushi bar, is that it came (probably pre-made) from another kitchen.  We had a great time - the waiters were pleasant & solicitous and the food came quickly, but afterwards felt we had been ripped off.  We realized that those rolls weren't the same quality as the beautiful dragon roll (though it did have fake crab) we ordered from the sushi chef (whose name tag read "Fuji" but spoke Chinese), and felt we had been purposefully misled by the menu and offer to move to the sushi bar.  Also, in our excitement about "all-you-can-eat", we forgot to ask to be seated in the room with the Bellagio fountain view...my whole reason for seeking out the restaurant when I saw it from the street.  That option was not offered though it wasn't busy there at the time.A few days later, I got in touch with the manager, Patrick, and he very apologetically offered to comp us at another restaurant owned by the corp., but since we'd already returned home, he went to the trouble to find our ticket, and is going to credit the two sushi meals back to my card.  I hadn't brought up the idea of a refund, just said that it should have been made clear that it wouldn't be from the sushi bar.  He didn't make any excuses for the tricky menu or admit that a lot of disgruntled people call up, but was very nice and prompt about addressing my complaint.I think people just have to be aware that they are paying a premium to eat at one of the gorgeous theme hotels like Paris.  Oh, that reminds me that I did find some reasonable restaurants in Vegas - Canter's in TI and Canonito in The Venetian...I'll write the reviews now!
1	March 6 2009 - 1st time to Vegas and saw an add for all you can eat sushi for $20 with my hotal package. I decided to try it out. After eating couple of rolls I noticed a long black hair with my spicey tuna roll well that just made me wanted to throw up.I notfied the hostess and showed her the hair and she immedietly took the plate away. Shortly after my waiter brought another plate with 2 new rolls. I started to eat and decided to inspect each roll more carefully and guess what? another hair mixed in with roll.Well that was the end of my dinner I notifed the waiter. I did not have to pay for the dinner although left a tip for the waiter that seems to be very concern about what happened and was very sorry.I only wonder how many people that night might have had hair with their sushi. Manager was notified but it was to late as far as I was concern. Once was to much but twice simply unacceptable. I would not recommend this place
1	The food here was T-e-r-r-i-b-l-e!  Service was so-so...Don't waste your money here.
1	Ugh, why did we go here? Oh yeah, suggested by one of my wife's co-workers... NEVER listening to that person again. Food was sub-par and room temperature, service was practically non-existant, and if you get the all-you-can-eat then the selection is an absolute JOKE! Total of 6 or 7 items to choose from and all are what I would call basic sushi rolls. Cucumber roll for example. I mean, come one! Bah, what a waste of an evening.
1	The only reason why I went here was because I had heard rave reviews about the Seafood Fried Rice. I had the all-you-can-eat sushi special and it was completely sub-par. As far as sushi goes, Ah Sin's sushi is a total sin. The rolls were cold and dry which meant they were likely all pre-made. You can also only order a pre-set number of rolls at one time. Other member of my party had the Seafood Fried Rice which he loved.If you have to go here make sure to sit outside on the patio where you'll have a view of the Bellagio fountains which might be the only saving grace of this place.
3	This is more like a Chinese restaurant than Japanese, even though it also serves sushi. Since the all u can eat sushi seems very simple - basic rolls, I didn't go for that. I just ordered a "silver bass", which was very similar to Chilean Sea bass. Excellent actually, for it's price... It was $26, but I got the 50% off coupon, so for $13 it was an amazing deal. I probably can't even buy the ingredients for much less than that. But the rice was terribly dry, Jasmine rice type.
4	The view from this restaurant is amazing! The sushi from the AYCE menu is pretty good - much better than other AYCE sushi places that I have been to. The staff was superb - very friendly. The dumplings were very tasty. FANTASTIC LOCATION! Very cheap - where else will you get full while watching the Bellagio fountains for $20?!
1	If it was possible to rate a place 0 stars this would be the place. Nothing about this place was good. The wait staff was terrible, the food was horrible and over priced.  The most memorable part of the meal was getting this worse then Safeway or Costco pre-made sushi which i think i paid close to 12 bucks for. The calamari was like calamari steak fries, tough, and luke warm.  There was nothing good to say about this restaurant. The Paris Hotel, is a fabulous hotel and i love staying there. But if they do not do something about this restaurant i may boycott this hotel!!
2	This place started off promising - nice outside seating, and seating for a group of 7 on a Friday around 7PM with no reservation and no waiting. Not bad!I took a peek at the menu, and immediately thought this place was kind of having an identity crisis. Like, there was sushi, but the menu seemed chinese, but there was pad thai. I dunno...maybe this was asian food for George Bush (like..."ooh, it sounds exotic...must be asian"). I got some sashimi to start, and then some chow fun for dinner. Two other people in my group got the all you can eat sushi.Not going to lie, the chow fun was pretty solid. The sashimi was hit or miss...one order was great, the other tasted not quite so fresh. However, the people that ordered all you can eat sushi got screwed hard. The service was exceptionally slow, and they would only let you order a very limited number of super boring rolls at a time. Therefore, although the peeps who got this were still hungry, we left anyways since we didn't want to wait a million hours for boring sushi.Our waiter was pretty clueless too...they very clearly did not know their menu very well, or what was in/came with many of the items. Bummer. Price wasn't horrific, I think I paid $35 sans drink.I dunno if I'd go back. It'd be near the bottom of the list - there are lots of better places to go to in Vegas at this price point (like Firefly: http://www.yelp.com/biz/firefly-on-paradise-las-vegas)
1	Had their all you can eat sushi. Worst dining experience in Vegas. Do not waste your money here.Food is substandard and service is slow.
1	This place was lucky to get our business because my Yelp app hasn't been working and the wireless on my phone was super slow so we just decided, it was in Paris so how bad could it be? We had the all you can eat sushi and the rice was hard and cold, just like those ready to eat sushi platters you buy at the supermarkets. The sashimi wasn't fresh and the service was slow. So so disappointing. Probably the worst dining experience I've had in Vegas.
1	I wish I would never have eaten here. The food was horrible. Our waiter was fighting with other staff the whole time and acted like he might have a drug problem. I wish I would have read the reviews before wasting our time and money. Save you money and check out NoBo instead!
1	STOP!!!! If you have ever had sushi anywhere in California (even some of the desolate places like Bakersfield), don't come within 500 feet of this place.  By far the worst sushi I have ever had.  Somehow even the rice tasted horrible.  I can't fully describe how bad it was, please save yourself the disappointment and stay away.
1	this place is just whatever. im not too picky about food, but i would never bring anyone here. service was ok, and the taste wasn't like super bad, but i think i've probably had better food at an OK hole in the wall than this place. i can't believe its even in the casino. the actual restaurant its self is in a really nice location with strip views, but damn. they need to replace this place with something else... with more life and flavor.
1	WOW! really wish i had yelped this place first before giving it my $20 for the all you can eat "sushi." i put sushi in quotation marks because that was NOT sushi. 3 day old sushi from 7-11 is better than the crap here. the rice was hard, the avocado had gotten that lovely brownish gray hue of being left out for who knows how long, and the nori was just... i dont even know if that was nori or tar paper. the only saving grace was that our server was a very nice guy. he's what gives this place one star cause otherwise i would say this is a zero star and i am only giving it one star because i have no choice.
1	Like so many others that reviewed Ah Sin, I should have read the Yelp reviews before deciding to go.  After picking up my wife from a late night arrival at the airport, we were both starving.  Instead of trying to think of something to eat on the strip we decided to stick to the hotel and keep it easy.  We both love sushi, so Ah Sin should have been an easy choice.  Actually it was a big mistake.  It's a pretty decent atmosphere, but that is all it had going for it.  It took more than five minutes for a server to greet us, even though there were ample amount of staff in the dining room.  When our server did arrive we could not understand him nor could he understand us...oh, this is going to be awesome!My wife ordered a couple of rolls off the menu and I opted for the all-you-can-eat sushi.  I did order some of the same rolls she did off the all-you-can-eat menu (spicy tuna and shrimp tempura).  When they were served it was obvious something was wrong.  We ordered identical rolls but mine were half the size with twice the rice.  There is good business and then there is just completely screwing your customer, and it was obvious I was getting the royal treatment on this deal.  My tuna rolls tasted off, the shrimp roll had no flavor and the rice was under cooked to boot.  However, the rice in the rolls that my wife ordered was properly cooked, which only makes me ask the questions, "how long ago were my rolls prepared?"  By the time we got back to our room, neither of us were feeling too well.  Out of all the restaurants that we went to on our trip Ah Sin was, by far, the worst experience.
1	Should change name to "Ah Ful." Seriously, the worst food I've ever had in Las Vegas...and I've been to Vegas, A LOT. Wannabe PF Chang decor, horrible service. The food tasted and smelled so bad. It smelled like rotten fish. Our entire party of five honestly had to laugh at it - it was THAT bad. I will NEVER go here again. They have 1.5 star ranking on Yelp - how on earth are they still in business???
1	During our stay in Las Vegas, we decided to go try Ah Sin because it was close and right across from the Bellagio (frontal view of the water show). However, we regretted it once the food came.We did learn a lesson from all of this. Don't forget to check yelp before trying a new restaurant... Two of us had iphones... and we failed to utilize these tools...The food was horrendous. All of us agreed that we never had sushi that bad before. 2 of us just stopped eating because we couldn't handle it anymore. However, one did continue eating after admitting it was the worse he ever had; he's one of those that will eat ANYTHING when he is hungry. A description of the sushi is tightly packed and semi-hard rice and a small sliver of previously refrigerated fish. We were watching a couple having dinner across from us, and the expressions on their face was priceless. The guy was having trouble swallowing and you could easily tell. The girl had her glass of water refilled at about a rate of twice a minute...  The view was spectacular. We had the pleasure of seeing 3 water shows. They weren't the same, Bellagio changes the songs and the way the water pressure moved. It was an awesome view that made our suffering a little more bearable. "If I knew you guys were from California, I would have told you guys not to order the all you can eat.""I'm sorry I couldn't tell you beforehand, because I would get fired."Our server was hilarious! We all had a good laugh after our meal. He did a good job bringing food out quickly and refilling glasses etc, but he was able to sort of connect with us after with a good laugh. We were able to save another couple from ordering the all you can eat. If there was a no star option, I would give this restaurant none. There are two things that I do not understand. The first is that, how does a restaurant that serves 2nd rate food maintain a reputation to keep and pay for a lot that's on a prime corner street right across from the Bellagio. Another is a question that applies to many restaurants. Why do you maintain an all-you-can-eat option when it does not further your reputation. Do it as a promotion if you want, but don't keep it. You see the results of a failing AYCE option from this yep page.
1	Ohh let's be cool and eat on the strip, NO save your money and do not eat here.  We had the Spider Rolls and Tempura Rolls, and let me tell you, it was horrible.  Rice was so sticky, the vegetables were cut way too thick and the crab had more breading than crab!!! I literally had to drink one full glass of water per sushi roll because the rice was so sticky. By all costs avoid eating here.  C'mon look at the reviews, WISH I DID!
2	I ordered Mongolian Beef at a 10-party table.  Service was really slow, although the water was getting refilled at an amazing pace.  A couple people ordered the All you can eat Sushi for $20 and it was quite small and took a while.  The check came and we couldn't wait to get out, it was really slow.Drinks were weak, according to some.Had a nice view of the Bellagio water show since we sat outside, though.  We saw like 6 water shows...
2	We were staying at Planet Hollywood and our friends were staying at Bally's so we decided to grab a quick bite in Paris and found Ah Sin before headed to the Mirage to watch a show.What interested my husband to go in was the sign that said all you can eat sushi for a decent price.  We ended up not eating sushi here because the choices you were given for that price were limited and we didn't think it was a great deal.  We ordered Chinese dishes and I must say as an Asian I've had better.  The portions were small and it wasn't bad,but it wasn't all that good either.  Nothing special about it.  For the price I felt like I was paying for Panda Express on a nice plater.  Which I know my husband was thinking he would rather be  for way cheaper since he happens to like Panda Express as a Chinese Fast Food.Skip this restaurant and get a reservation at Mon Ami Gabi in Paris, which is the other patio restaurant located in Paris Hotel.  Would never eat here againThe only thing good about it is the location and the view of the water show across the street, but you get a better view from Mon Ami Gabi and the food is much better.
2	I hate to rag on the fat, ugly kid in recess but Ah Sin really does deserve the low Yelp rating.Service was subpar. Food wasn't great. I was in the mood for sushi and Ah Sin's disappointed. The only thing that felt good was the 7&7 I ordered after a long day of work. On paper, the restaurant seems perfect: it's well-decorated, fancy-looking and in a perfect location for viewing the Bellagio's fountain. I guess something had to give and, unfortunately, it's the restaurant itself. Skip this place if you can.
1	I wish I would have read the reviews before deciding to come here. That's what I get for poor planning :( I swear $20 AYCE sushi was that nasty stuff from Costco.
1	Ah Sin? More like Oh Shit. I would try to avoid this place at all costs if possible because this has got to be the crappiest sushi I've ever eaten. Sure the place is nice and chic, that's expected. It's effin' Vegas. But the food, gah! The only thing good about it was the Miso soup and that was probably because we were all hungrier than Ghandi. We ordered the AYCE Sushi and our loud ass, probably-not-Japanese, waitress who seemed like she was rushed all the time, decided to inform us of a few things:Waitress: "OK! JUS' LET YOU KNOW THAT ISS TEN O' CLAW AND THE KITCHAN CLOSE AT TEN THUTTY SO WE JUST BRING EBBRYTING ON DA TABLE OK?? OK!!!" Us: "Uhh, okay?"Waitress: "OK!!!!!!!"And then she continued to bring out the most stalest sushi known to man. She piled the plates on our table and kept making sure that we knew that the kitchen was closing at 10:30 so it kind of felt like she was kind of rushing us to scarf down our food and get the hell outta there. The sushi she brought us was plentiful. Yeah. Plenty full of SHIT! It was like someone took porridge, froze it, thawed it for about 10 seconds and used that as the rice. I felt like I was eating something a kindergartener made during arts n' crafts time with glue for the sauce and construction paper for the seaweed. On top of all that, we still had our waitress yelling at us about the time. Overall, I was glad she rushed us because I couldn't stand eating one more bite of that diarrhea for food. Do not go here unless you're a glutton for eating fake prop food meant for real estate showings.
1	This was by far the WORST place I have ever eaten at!!!I would give it no stars at all (but it wont let me)I love sushi, so when we went to Vegas we decided to check out this place and their $20 all you can eat sushi.That was the worst decision we have made when it came to restaurants in Vegas.The place looked nice and it was located in the decent hotel so we thought this place should serve excellent food.We were definitely wrong!!! The food was awful!!!First of all the selection of sushi for all you can eat was very crappy , extremely basic and overpriced (California rolls, veggie rolls, IMITATION CRAB , etc).I was unhappy with this place as soon as I saw their poor menu selection and their high prices.When my sushi came out, it looked and tasted  nasty!! I had better tasting sushi from a box at a grocery store for $5.00I ate half of a piece and it was all dry and fell apart. I stopped eating it.When the waitress came back and asked me how everything tasted I told her -this was gross and I will not eat it. (I have never sent a meal back - EVER!) The waitress had me choose a different entree. I chose Cashew Chicken which was not any better. (There are better tasting dishes local Mall Chinese joint  for under $5.00)My husband had a Tangerine Beef entree and that was even worse than the Cashew Chicken. It tasted like something that was sitting out for a few days and then frozen and reheated for us. It was dry and rubbery and not appealing. All in all this was a very bad choice of a restaurant
3	I got there right when AYCE sushi started, which might explain why mine didn't taste stale (like other reviewers complained about). I'm no sushi connoisseur, so the list of basic rolls was fine. I could eat Cali and Philly rolls all night. And I did. For $20, you get a fantastic view of the Strip and the Bellagio water show and as much sushi as you can pack away. I was pleased.
1	Saw this place while walking by. So later that night we went in and ordered drinks and the all you can eat sushi special. The sushi brought to us was frozen and had been put in the microwave!!!!!! When we told the waitress about the quality of the food she said the other sushi off the regular menus is made at their sushi bar. I asked her was it fresh and she said "Uum ... yes." When I asked her what she meant I was told she will get fired if she answers my question so she has to tell me in other ways. We paid our bill and went to eat somewhere else! NEVER GO HERE!!!
1	Let this be a lesson to anyone reading this: Do not, repeat, do NOT attempt to eat at a Pan-Asian restaurant nestled in a French-themed casino!Let's go through the ordeal step by step, shall we?Our party of 7 arrives, and we wait maybe 15 minutes. Pretty fast for a decently sized group, I'd say. The waiter arrives and is more than willing to help explain each dish. Up until this point, I found the staff to be very friendly and knowledgeable. I should have known there's no such thing as a safe bet in Vegas.We all order a pretty decent variety of dishes and appetizers. There was sushi involved, but the sushi felt refrigerated. Hard, gummy rice surrounding rubbery fish. Ah, appetizing.There were cheese wontons that were, upon further inspection, lacking in cheese and flavor. Ah, wonderful.I ordered pad thai, which is a pretty generic dish. A friend ordered glass noodles, which have the special distinction of being translucent when cooked. The once knowledgeable waiter must have suffered mild brain trauma on the way to the kitchen, because when he returned with pad thai some time later, he first took it to the table next to us, who were already finishing their swill. After figuring out his mistake, he took the pad thai to my friend. "Glass noodles!" he says.I interject and say "that can't be glass noodles."The waiter, the man who WORKS here, proceeds to argue with me about glass noodles. I simply said that couldn't be it, and that glass noodles are clear. He's a tough cookie and insists that he brought the correct dish. As he's arguing, a second waiter comes and shouts "glass noodles!" and places it in front of my friend. He brought the right dish, and the first waiter is left holding my pad thai, which I have to ask for. He was completely lost. Ah, incompetence.Every dish that arrived, went to the wrong table first. I didn't realize it was customary to introduce my food to everyone else in the restaurant before allowing me to eat it. After all the waiting and confusion, the food was terrible! There were 7 of us, and usually someone out of a group that big would find something they like. Only one. That's a 14% satisfaction rate...how do you like those odds in a casino? We actually left the restaurant starving, because 90% of the food wasn't consumed. Oh, and the price wasn't nice, either. Ah, robbery.Please, take the money you would spend on the lousy meal, and take a gamble at eating anywhere else. ANYWHERE. Eat from a hobo's hand, I don't care, it's a safer gamble than trying to find edible food here.Ah, shit.
1	it's pretty obvious this place is a failure, judging from other reviews. the all-you-can-eat sushi is so terrible. my date and i thought, "$20? totally cool!"i don't know what kept us from walking out after our first plates (you can order three rolls at a time, and then two at a time after that ... i got spicy tuna, vegetable and spicy salmon, i believe). probably our pride. but god. i'm certain the rolls are premade hours in advance and then refrigerated and doled out as needed. so much of the roll was made up of rice, and hard, stale-tasting rice at that. you know how you cook rice and leave it around for a few days and it's nearing rottenness, but not quite, and when you warm it up parts of it seem almost uncooked? it was like that. and the tuna and salmon didn't seem fresh at all. i couldn't even eat the veggie roll (i ate everything else out of pure hunger). it was completely tasteless.then, when we finally left, even though we were full, whatever flavors there were of the sushi lingered in our mouths and it was just, like, disgusting. it was so bad we had to go buy dessert crepes somewhere else to erase the memories of how disgusting this sushi is. ah sin is just bad news.
1	Ah, crap.  Ah, Sh*t.  Sin?  Too light of a term.  Sushi coming from the 7/11 convenience store?  Yes.  Really?  Really?  The poor avocados in the "bagel roll" were trying to tell us that they are not actually in a sushi roll.  Someone plumped some rice together a few years back, then plopped the avocado in the middle a coupla' nights ago on our table.  The rude waiter couldn't be nice, so the avocados won the "nice" award for this restaurant for trying to warn us of the fact that THIS PLACE SUCKS!   If you want a 'white elephant' gift-like restaurant experience, where the wrapping looks PHENOMENAL but the gift should be thrown in the city dump, go here.  Otherwise, don't waste your time, money or dignity.Ah, Sin...get a clue and start serving freshly made sushi, and make sure your "orange chicken" doesn't look like something you popped out of a freezer box, and put in a tanning bed for 20 minutes.  Get better at your food and friendlier staff, and the people on here won't keep complaining.
4	The food is delicious - the view from outside is amazing.
3	Ah, the view!  You can watch the water show at the Ballagio in comfort while having $20 unlimited sushi and a hugh $8 Asahi beer.  What is so bad about that?  Of course, for the price, it is not the best sushi, but it was standard.  Our waiter was attentive and catered to our every need.  A-ok!
1	Worst sushi in the world  go to any grocery store for better sushi!  Not fresh I got sick!  No imagination amazing this place is still in business.  Save your money there was a reason they offered All You Can Eat.  Stay healthy don't go.
1	I should have yelped this before I got the all you can eat sushi. They were stale and fishy. Not good. This is my first ever yelp review.
2	It started out good, just waited 5 minutes to be seated.Then it was bad, they sat me next to the kitchen staff.  Didn't ask me if I wanted to be seated at the Sushi Bar or outside.After standing next to the table for a minute I decided to go ask to be seated some where else.  They told me it would be a 20 minute wait.  I sat down and decided to yelp the restaurant.  I saw all the bad comment just they sat me down outside.  Too late now.  I ordered raspberry ice tea and the all you can eat sushi rolls. The waiter apologized for not having any sweet of any kind, so I ordered the Japanese sunset.  It was good.  Sushi came and was larger than expected however more rice than fish.  Taste was average.  It was alright for all you can eat at $20.  Had better, had much worse.Over all experience was not great, but highlighted with a great waiter and a pretty good view.  I gave one start for atmosphere, and one for getting what you paid for.  Would have given a third star had the hostess been a lot nicer.
4	Ah Sin is just a jewel of a restaurant....we have experienced when it was extremely booked and when, as in this most recent visit, not busy at all. It was wonderful both times.It is lovely having a service "team" looking after your wants and needs. The food was fresh and temperature spot on. The crisp veg were kept crisp and the flavours were well melded to a Pan-fusion palate.I have read other reviews saying the sushi is terrible...but I wonder what the benchmark for them is? I have had better sushi and I have had much worse. But you ARE in the desert and this isn't a high end gourmet place, so how would YOU expect the fish to be?I wouldn't expect Ah Sin to be all things to all people...Think Asian influenced tapas...I found the meat based dishes superb and the walnut prawns a special favorite with our group. The bill was very reasonable; under $50 per person with bottles of wine, dessert, tax and tip.The fountains at Bellagio were a good backdrop to the evening.There were seven very replete and sated people leaving on February 25, 2010...
1	Anyone who gives this places more than 3 stars is a moron. It's been almost a year since I ate here, and I still have nightmares just thinking about it ::shudder::
1	One of the worst restaurants I have ever been to. We were seated right away and were so excited about the "20 dollars all you can east sushi", considering we were in Vegas and wanted to spend money on alcohol and gambling I figured the cheaper the dinner is the better, well in this case you get what you pay for, which is 20 dollar sushi. The rice was dry and would get stuck between my teeth when I would chew. Out waiter was either extremely high or completely wasted, took him over an hour and a half to bring our food out. Just a total mess, in this case I should have spent a little extra and gone to "sushi roku" and had a decent meal. Blegh!
1	Our biggest mistake was not checking Yelp reviews before attempting to dine here because the terrible reviews are spot on. The first item to come to the table was a bowl of miso soup and it was black and looked like somebody had dredged the bottom of a swamp to make it. The cucumber salad was a pile of unevenly chopped up cucumbers drenched in soy sauce. The sashimi was clearly not fresh and had been frozen so long it no longer had any flavor. This was by far the worst hotel restaurant food I've ever eaten.
1	All you can eat is the ultimate rip off-and our waiter was so slow, we complained and the manager was a douchebag. Don't go here!!If you're going to advertise all you can eat sushi, then you give people all they can eat sushi!! Simple? Not for Ah Sin. There are SO many better places in Vegas.
2	O!M!G! I went there with my half and was expecting to be blowen away with the food especially that the location is amazing- it is right in front of the water falls on the strip. We sat outside to experience the air and beautiful environment since it was great summer weather. The place looks like the one that you would spend at least 30 mins getting ready and looking all fancy but if you do so, you will regret the time wasted. So, here we are inside, especially happy due to the "All you can eat" sign. (BIG mistake) When we started ordering we were told that it is per person only. Doesn't make sense? It didn't for us either!!!!! Here how it works-if you order one "all you can eat" order- only one person can eat it (and trust me you can't eat and more to that, you won't want to eat their rolls) and anyone at the table with you is not allowed to touch it)))) The waiter smiled when he was telling that to us, and It felt like they are spying to make sure I'm not eating from my bf's plate))))))) Anyways, we still were positive that it's possible to enjoy and have nice time there, so we order more food. And there it comes....and it's almost visible. The rolls are super tiny, like those were babies of regular rolls. For about 15 mins we were trying to understand if that's a kids menu or they have mixed our order with some people who are not hungry and most probably vegetarian, coz you wouldn't find fish there even if you'd pull out a magnifying glass. Anyways, long story short, we tried to force it down with a glass of water per tiny roll, but eventually we gave up and decided to order shashimi, coz at leas there they can't hide it in tons of rice!!! Sashimi was ok, but it could be just because we had a big bottle of hot saki by then)))Please, don't ruin your evening. Don't go to Ah Shit...i mean Sin..
1	I was thinking of places to review, and though 'ah sin'... i need to warn people!  Apparently the 77 yelpers before me all tried to warn me; wish I had used Yelp prior to this trip to Ah Sin.My friends and I got suckered into the "deals" that you see on the banners walking along the Strip, $20 for all you can eat!  On the strip?  We're in a rush to hit up the clubs later that evening and we want sushi?  We wanted to go to Makino's off the strip, but didn't have time, so we forego there and decide to try out Ah Sin thinking "it can't be THAT bad if it's on the Strip in the Paris, Paris hotel!"Bottom line, this should be "Ah Shit" because that's how my ENTIRE group of 8 people felt.  The sushi is small, anti-delicious, and they put on sooooooo much rice!  The tuna I had tasted horrible and not fishy at all, and overall, the quality of food was horrible.  The $20 AYCE is for a shorter list of menu items you can choose, and there's a more expensive $30 AYCE menu which is more extensive, and I believe it also includes AYCD Soju which is nice.Sound good? Don't fall for it.  When it came to the bill, handing over that $50ish to cover me and my girl was so upsetting and frustrating that it literally and metaphorically left a bad taste in my mouth...Paris, why???
1	I hate to be the one to kick em while they're down but AVOID AVOID AVOID. Came here with a party of 5 girls, once of which is a Diamond member at this chain of hotels. 45 minutes to get the table (quite alright, we had no reservation and it was packed w/ other naive folks such as ourselves), so needless to say, come time to order we were STARVING. Call me impatient, but after an HOUR of waiting for the AYCE food to arrive we became a little pissy. Those that had ordered off the regular sushi menu had already received and dined and were waiting on us. When something finally did come out it tasted like something that has been sitting in my fridge for a week...what did they wait for every other restaurant in towns leftovers? The food was horrifying, the service was terrible, If my choice was to eat here or starve to death, i would start prepping my will immediately.
1	So I just started using Yelp but I was reading about places in vegas and decided to write a review to warn people about Ah Sin.  We went last September and it was slightly chilly at night with just a skirt and tank on.  We walked up and asked to be seated without being asked if we wanted outside or in.  We were drawn in by the all you can eat sushi and I was so excited that I didn't realize we were being seated out side.  I complained that I was cold and would like to sit inside and instead they put a table cloth around my shoulders. A TABLE CLOTH! The sushi tasted like crap and my boyfriend had food poisoning from it all night so we missed out on half of our trip.  DON'T GO TO AH SIN!
3	The food is okay. I feel like you're really paying for the service and atmosphere rather than the quality of food. For a Pan Asian restaurant it's a bit pricey, but they have a couple dishes that are superb. We've always been seated promptly when we had reservations so that's never been a problem for us. You can either sit inside or outside with a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. They also have outdoor heated lamps for those cold nights.
1	We were lured into this place by a big surly convincing man in a suit that promised us the world (actually he just offered all you can eat sushi).The restaurant decor is pretty nice. I'll give it that. However I had the unfortunate experience of sitting next to a big table of young 20 somethings that were just way too giddy to be in vegas. Management didn't do anything about the profanity, constant yelling, etc. etc. Also, there's no bathroom in the place! You have to walk outside to the casino floor to use the bathroom. What's up with that? It's not exactly close by either.Don't confuse all you can eat sushi with a sushi buffet. You're seated at a table here and you can order from a limited variety of choices. The order is made fresh and brought to your table. However the problem is none of the choices are particularly interesting. If you have intentions of eating a dragon roll, volcano roll, etc. you're stuck eating basic tuna and salmon rolls for the whole meal.
1	It's been a long time since I was lured to this place by the sweet location and AYCE sushi, but I can still recall it was one of the worst meals I've ever had.
1	Would have put 0 star if it was allowed.  I'm Chinese and this is NOT Chinese food...maybe not even food.Arguably the worst restaurant on the Strip.  Expensive and just NOT GOOD.  Skip it, if you're in Paris, LV go to Mon Ami Gabi instead!
1	If I could give no stars I would. Word to the wise, do not eat here, especially their tempting sign for AYCE. It was so gross I practically, actually threw up the food. Their sushi is not fresh and since we sat near the kitchen, we learned that their sushi has been sitting out all day waiting for ayce customers.
