5	This place is awesome! The coffee and muffin I had were fantastic, and the lady behind the counter was nice as can be!
5	We're just moving into the area and I wanted to take a trip down Lincoln Ave. to check out the local businesses.  I was NOT disappointed by the Muddy Cup!  The barista was super friendly and re-made my drink for me when she forgot to use soy milk without a problem.  I love how she greeted the regulars by name.  Love the collection of magazines and games and comfy furniture.  Love the sandwiches and such available for a quick bite to eat.  Can't wait to make this my regular hangout!
5	What a fabulous coffee house! I was passing through town on business and came across this little shop.  Such a warm, cozy feeling and great beverages and snacks.  I had the cinnamon vanilla chai latte and it was worth every calorie.  Definitely a great place to hang out - wish I was a local!
5	Lovely little coffee shop.  I had a salted caramel latte and a Good For You cookie. Both were delicious.  The decor is retro campy; the proprietor is very friendly and down to earth, as I remembered Pittsburghers to be. She's greeting the locals like old friends. Makes me want to move back!
5	I absolutely love this place. The service is fast and friendly and they really care about their product. The owner comes up with most of the drink recipes herself. I would go out of my way to get coffee from them and prefer them over any chain, Starbucks, or other coffee shop I've been to. Thank you for a great experience every time.
5	The Muddy Cup is a refreshing change from all the chain stores.  There's a friendly community feel to the room and they have wonderful coffee and a great selection of teas.  I spoke to the owner, and she was very friendly and enthusiastic.  The food is wonderful, and there is an inviting feel to the place. I love this place!
3	The Muddycup is a nice neighborhood coffee shop. It's always the same women that are working there (I believe one is the owner) and they are always friendly and efficient. I usually order the coffee flavor of the day and it's always been good. They have some food options-both packaged and of the homemade-looking variety. I've had a couple of the cookies and they have been good and fresh. I like coming here because it's within walking distance. The inside could possibly use a revamp but it does give it character and shows this is as nonpretentious as it gets.
