1	I dread going to the post office! Especially this location, there is always a line of 10-15 people and this line does not move fast. Be prepared to wait and don't go if you have other things to do. If you have no other option, clear your schedule, wear some comfortable shoes and take your ipod so you don't have to hear all of the ridiculousness going on around you.
1	zero stars. It's amazing how much power this place has on me. I could be in the best mood on a sunny day, but the moment I walk inside, frustration immediately boils inside me. The women who work here are sucky. That's the nicest word I could use to describe them. They all have sticks up their anus. There's one older man who looks very much like santa clause; he's the only tolerable one to interact with, mainly because he doesn't give attitude like the rest. They yell, sigh, and are just plain rude to all customers. It's quite interesting waiting in line at this place. You can tell the customers are upset, and the employees are grumpy. Everytime i come here i feel as if a fight could break out in any minute. It's too bad i didn't witness one. I'm shocked every time I come back, and find the same people still working there, when there're so many unemployed, capable, customer-service oriented people eagerly waiting for their jobs!!! I always feel really cranky and dirty when I walk out bc the vibe just stinks! Warning: One time, i rushed my a$$ off to get here by 3:52pm bc they close at 4pm. I walked inside, stood in line, and when i was about to pay, the lady tells me THEY'RE CLOSED! It's not my fault you forgot to lock your doors, and it wasn't even 4pm!! I'll never forget the name, Mariam...
3	I don't know what everyone's issue is. Don't be a mouth-breather, have your package properly addressed with appropriate forms filled out and mail it. If you can't handle that you should stay inside.
3	I mean, you're just going to go to the closest Post Office anyway, so why even write a review?? Well, some of us have Yelping problems, and we just can't stop reviewing every little thing! You can buy stamps at a kiosk 24/7, so that's nice. They have a pretty good variety of shipping containers (official USPS kind, and fancy decorated kind), and I believe you can get passport photos here if you make an appointment.
2	This place always seems perpetually understaffed. Everyone who works there is courteous, but there's the potential for a 15-minute wait no matter what time of day you go. Do not go here if you're in a rush, unless you're just dropping off letters. Otherwise you're likely to get stuck behind a blue-hair who doesn't understand the concept of "properly filling out your forms before you're at the counter." The stamp kiosk is useful, though, especially if you're into buying stamps at weird hours -- the front lobby is open 24/7!
3	The Squirrel Hill post office is my regular post office; I'm there at least once a month. While I can't say I'm a "fan" because in truth there were a couple occasions when clerks were rude to me, for the most part everything is just fine. (Half the time I'm there I just drop things off and don't wait in line/deal with the clerks though.) A couple things that I like that I don't think have been mentioned are that they sometimes (not always) have candy at the counter... and they usually have a variety of stamps available. (For the best selection though you'll have to shop online: https://store.usps.com/store/browse/category.jsp?categoryId=catBuyStamps&categoryNavIds=catBuyStamps )For those of you who don't like waiting in line or dealing with the clerks here's some advice: If you have a printer at home (and a scale or access to one... unless you plan on using flat rate shipping envelopes/boxes), you can print your postage online at https://cns.usps.com/go if you'll be sending via Priority Mail (or Express). When you go to the post office you can skip the line and just leave your package (with the printed and paid for label attached of course) on the counter at the far right. (If you are sending an eBay/other package for which you received payment via PayPal and attached a postage-paid label, you can leave it at the counter also.) For First Class packages there isn't an option at usps.com to print a label so you can use the APC (Automated Postal Center AKA self checkout) in the lobby. Once you've paid and stuck on your label, put it in the large silver metal bin with the handle (you can't miss it). The APC has a $1 minimum purchase last I checked and can only help you with domestic mail (but not Media Mail).
5	Five stars for the kiosk. That's the only part I've used. But sending a package at 10pm on a Friday? Are you kidding me? It was super easy and convenient.
1	Wow this is the worst post office ever! Huge line for no reason. One window open and the guy was a passive aggressive meany--impossibly slow. All forms ready and still took 5 minutes to process a package at the counter? Guy should be fired. Ugh. Do yourself a favor and go to a different post office.
1	Opens late. Long lines. Under staffed. Packages never available for pick up when slip states. Packages sit at local sorting facility for days on end without being delivered. My experience with this post office feels like an insight into living in communist Russia in the 80s
1	I made an application here to get my passport. It was over a month wait and when I went in for my appointment they told me all appointments had been canceled.  It's a huge pain getting together everything you need for a passport they could at least give you a phone call.
1	Long lines and just one person check the people out. Be ready to wait 30 minutes on the line if you go there . I will never go there again .
1	Honestly, the employees here are incompetent, rude and have a perfunctory attitude. The USPS at this location lost a package that had tracking on it, which one of the employees forgot to "scan" in. Even though it was their fault, I had to deal with a sassy condescending older woman named Cheryl, who was extremely rude. Ugh, please don't ruin your day by having to deal with these crass individuals.
4	Good service. You don't have to wait long and they have all the supplies you could ever need available.
