3	Calling themselves the "Best Teriyaki in Town," the Teriyaki House has a lot to live up to.  You can even purchase a jar of their special concoction.    I came across this new restaurant on a weekday for lunch.  It's more fast food than full service, which is great if you're on a lunch run from work.  Opting for their Tempura Plate ($6.99), which included two pieces each of shrimp, potato, onion, broccoli, and carrot. It also comes with rice, side salad and pickled cabbage.  It was a decent amount of tempura, but being the dipper that I am, I could have used a bit more sauce.The BF arrived before me and ordered the Spicy Chicken ($5.79), which is deep fried chicken in a spicy sauce.  He told me not to order it and after tasting it, I could see why.  The batter was a bit too thick for these chicken pieces.Another friend ordered the Calamari with Sauce Plate, which was deep fried calamari pieces with a spicy sauce similar to the one the Spicy Chicken came with.  It, too, was just okay.  They also serve up pan fried noodle dishes from $5.50 to $6.95 that comes with mixed vegetables and a side of rice.  Side orders include gyozas, spring rolls, miso soup, and kim chee.  You can take advantage of their Daily Lunch Special from Mondays through Fridays (11 am to 2:30 pm) that are $5.95 and could be Chicken Teriyaki and Gyozas (Mondays) or Chicken Teriyaki and Chicken Katsu (Wednesdays).Overall, Teriyaki House is an average place to go.  There's nothing particular "Best of" here for me, but it'll do for lunch.
3	I actually went to this when it opened. Teri just beat me to reviewing...GRRRRR. Ok the teriyaki is good. It's not...OH MY GOD MY MOUTH IS CONVULSING INTO ORGASMIC PLEASURE. But it's decent. It's not the greatest. It's a teriyaki place. Really....not hard too screw up. The spicey chicken....eh...not so spicey. Definitely not Teriyaki Madness. which I crave spicey chicken. The Teriyaki chicken and beef....eh. It's teriyaki chicken and beef. The seafood noodles...pretty good. Veggie noodles...pretty good too. I just think it's cool that you can get stuff spicey. Hehehe when this first opened. I used a ninja remote(a mini universal remote on my keychain) to change channels and raise the volume on their plasma tvs....MWahahaha it was funny!
3	I already had the mentality that this place was just gonna be average.  Walking inside, the menu is right smack in front of you above the cash register.  The pictures help when ordering because most of the time my appetite comes from my eyes.  I liked the concept of the food being served in bento boxes since that gives a Japanese feel.As I got to the cashier, he didn't seem to be very eager to take my order.  I think when I asked questions, he seemed more annoyed than anything.  After I told him I would eat there, I quickly changed my mind and said to go.  He let a big sigh out as if to make it know how annoyed he was.  I decided to order the 3 combo with squid, thai chicken, and beef teriyaki.  it comes with rice, cabbage salad, and just your regular house salad with lettuce and carrots.  They don't deliver your food to your table, they call it out to you and you have to go back to the front to get the food.  It was as I expected, just your ordinary teriyaki joint with the ordinary taste of a teriyaki joint.  Still, I liked it and would go back.  The portion was very big so I was able to the rest for dinner.On my way out, the same cashier said thank you but didn't even look at me.  I guess it's just a force of habit to say thank you and not mean it.  What ever tho.  I'd still go back just coz food is convenient.
3	Have to agree with the other reviews. . . it's good, and I've been there several times, but not something I rave about to my friends or go out of my way for. I usually get the spicy beef or chicken noodle. Big portions, nice flavor and decent pricing.
5	This is a great family owned restaurant. Their Thai Chicken is the best thing on the menu, I recommend it to anyone! It has just the right amount of kick with even bigger flavor!
4	I've been a regular for about 2 or 3 years and I've never been disappointed. I usually order the Combo Plate. I'm a fan of the Honey Chicken, Thai Chicken and Beef Teriyaki. SO Freakn delicious. It's serve with a side of salad in a sweet and slightly tangy sauce and cabbage salad (you gotta have something light to eat with the savory). The meats are packed with flavor and love that it sits and sort of seeps down the rice giving the rice a bit of the goodness! ^u^
5	I always enjoy the lunch specials which change daily for less than $7. The staff here is excellent, honest and hospitable. Food is served made to order promptly. Definitely check this place out if your in the mood for some terriyaki.
4	This place has some good meat. The portions are pretty good, a lot more meat then i expected which is a good thing. The food is priced well and is a nice place to eat at.
4	Been going here for a couple of years now and just love their weekly special plates for just $6.49. The teriyaki chicken always delivers on taste and freshness and the gyoza, chicken katsu or crispy chicken are all tasty additions and the tangy cabbage salad is also a great companion. My favorite teriyaki place that I've found in this town in 8 years here.And not only is the food great but the owner is a really cool guy too.Check it out.
4	Better than average food at this strip mall take-out teriyaki spot. The lunch specials, available until 2:30 weekdays, are a ton of food. $6.49 got me teriyaki chicken, four gyoza dumplings, rice, a garden salad (iceberg and carrots in a soy vinaigrette) and perhaps the most pleasant surprise of all, the cabbage slaw, which made a very nice alternative to the usually soggy, pale stir-fried veggies most teriyaki places include in their plates. The brown rice upgrade was 85 well-spent cents.
1	Not my favorite. Teriaki  Madness is much better
4	Perfect location for me since it's right down the street from my house. I always order the salmon teriyaki w/ brown rice. It also comes with a salad and some shredded cabbage. I love their signature teriyaki sauce too. At least, I think it's teriyaki sauce. lol  It's good and that's all that matters. Costs me around $8 something for that.Little pricier than most of the plates (ranging from $6-7) but still okay price overall.Check this place out!
4	I've been here 3 times and so far I like this place.  The food comes out fast and is pretty good.  I recommend the teriyaki chicken and the noodle bowl with teriyaki chicken.  The noodle bowl was a lot bigger than I expected and also came with rice which is not normal for noodle dishes... but hey more food is not a bad thing.  Try it out and have a good time eating!
5	Best Chicken Teryaki i've ever had. I love this place. The staff is great, reliable, and consistent. I've tried other Teriyaki places on Sunday (closed here) and Teriyaki House wins all the time.
5	This place has the best teriyaki chicken. I've been going here since God knows when. Its been a couple of years and the quality or quantity never changes. The teriyaki sauce is amazing. As far as price, I think its decent. For the money you pay, trust me, you will get your moneys worth and it will have you going back for more.
4	I came here many years ago before came yelper and thankfully things in life that life that never change over time....It always great too support small business and Teriyaki House is the perfect example versus all the other teriyaki fast food chains. I will admit never been too Teriyaki Madness. Sure there are other ones out there. The thing I like about this place is like the flavor of the teriyaki sauce reminds me of chicken teriyaki bowl or box back home Hawaii style. I have had the teriyaki but on this visit decided too go with the thai chicken, Any of the spicy ones nothing too worry about it being spicy spicy but add depth flavor too the sauce. The menu is pretty straight forward nothing too big and all the choices box style with rice, salad, and cabbage salad. Also have some appetizers and the kim chee is usually good although this visit never had it. Thai chicken grilled just right nice moist and ample sauce not piece in the bunch! The salad I REALLY enjoy with the house dressing its like sesame base type dressing. I could take bottle home if they bottled it. The salad greens nice fresh not bruises on the leaves. The shredded cabbage not really big fan of but still nice compliment with everything else. The service is pretty fast got my food quick, they have fountain station so endless refills for soda, and they have television inside for entertainment. It not big of place, Not much comes too decor but still tranquil or peacefully atmosphere too it. The price not go wrong lunch  or dunner under ten dollars. If looking for quick inexpensive teriyaki experience this is the place too goo.
3	I saw a Groupon Now deal in the area (it's near my job) and figured why not. The place was clean, the food good and well-priced, and the staff nice. I had the teriyaki chicken bowl with steamed rice. It's not as good as Teriyaki Madness, but it's hard to measure up to the best!!
5	The owner Kai is super friendly, from Hawaii just like me and full of Aloha! The food is sooooooo good! I walk in and Kai always knows what I want to eat. Everything is made fresh to order and delicious. I highly recommend!
2	Went here the other night with a buddy, have to say wasn't that impressed with the menu or selection, neither the atmosphere. I ordered the #3, which is the crispy honey chicken. We had to wait over 15 minutes for our food, the chicken was definitely not made in house, it was some something like Tyson any'tizers chicken, with honey sauce poured over it. It had a weird taste and I was left feeling a bit sick afterwords. The dish says it comes with a vegetable, but what it really comes with is cabbage slaw that I found to distasteful, it also came with a salad that had an unpleasant dressing over it. The atmosphere is not something special. Also, their rice cooker was dirty and looked like it needed a good cleaning. The employees there lacked personality and seemed to not enjoy what they are doing. Also the cook was on his phone while he was cooking which I find to be rude. Definitely will not be coming back here anytime soon.
4	In a word: solid.  Good bang for your buck.
5	Definitely a place worth going. Lots of food for a good price. The crispy chicken with spicy sauce is delicious. Very friendly staff that remembers you after you've been in a few times. If you dine in, they give you as much extra sauce as you want. They even clean up after you, just leave your stuff on the table once you're done. Food is prepared fairly quickly as well, which is always a plus in my book.
4	I'm here for the second time today, the kimchi is fresh, the chicken teryaki is great and hopefully the chicken katsu doesn't let me down. I will be a regular here.
5	a.w.e.some food. when my friend/coworker brought it into to work for lunch, i was like w.t.f. "great food"; just today finally went to and grab a #4 to go and told them "that it would be better if they delivered and they guy say so, so.... but ask four customers as i was waiting for my #4 if they thought it would be better and they do better if they delivered and they all said yes. "so you guys need to deliver."
5	I've been eating at Teryaki House for over 5 years now. Finally decided to write a review... Sorry for the wait! This is the best teryaki house in town. Everything is cooked right then, all meat is prepared on the grill and the rice steamed same day. Everything tastes delicious. My favotites are the Chicken Teryaki (#1) and Beef Teryaki. The cabbage is another great add on. They use a special vinegar light dressing, it is so good. I usually ask fot double cabbage instead of one portion of cabbage and one portion of the other green salad. And the Teryaki sauce itself is the best in town. I tried  some other Teryaki places recently, and the main ingredient - the Teryaki sauce was bad there, either too sweet or they add an extra unuasual slice ot ingredient to it. But at Teryaki House, it's the right taste and is just perfect. I also love the fact that it's locally owned. The owner himself is working in the restaurant most of the time and is always very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends! Everyone, enjoy!
4	Found this place through yelp. Lives up to the great reviews. Friendly with good food! I'll be coming back a lot.
5	I've been here for years and will continue to come! Best teriyaki in town! Absolutely love this place! I only hoped they had chicken breast as an option but still their dark meat is decent, great portions!i wished they would have other locations, as I can't come too often, is close from work but far away from home...
5	I was hesitant to eat here at first because I have had bad experiences at Teriyaki places before.  THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE.  The owner is usually working and serves you and is super nice.  He makes his teriyaki sauce and even sells the sauce separate by the jar if you want it-and you do, it is very good.  I usually get the salmon teriyaki and it is always quality.  I also get the kids meal chicken katsu for myself or my daughter and the Gyoza (chicken pot-stickers) for my daughter.  She loves it.  My husband always gets the combo plate with teriyaki and honey chicken.  We eat here at least 3 times a week.  The portions are good sized too.
5	Another great lunch spot close to my work! The gentleman (possible owner/manager)that is always working the register is very friendly and personable.  The teriyaki beef lunch special is great, portions not too big, not too small...just right. For the price the quality of food is great and cooked to order so you know you always get a fresh piping hot meal instead of something that has been sitting under a heat lamp forever.Great place to grab a quick bite to eat at a very affordable price. Only complaint is there is a healthy upcharge for brown rice instead of white rice.....and it just makes me upset because it is delicious and i have to get the brown rice every time.
5	Teriyaki House is a great spot! I always get the tempura combo with thai chicken - it's got a little spice to it and is GREAT on rice! For $8.69 (plus tax) you get ~8 pieces of tempura, including 2 shrimp and assorted veggies, plus rice, salad, and the chicken. Food is prepared so quickly even though there are usually only 1 or 2 employees working, one of which is obviously the owner (who is also really nice). Delicious food for a great price makes this restaurant one of our go-to favorites. There are daily lunch specials for $6.49 which usually include their basic teriyaki chicken. The honey chicken is great too! Highly recommend!
5	Awesome place. Delicious food and amazing service for under $10. You get a lot food for your buck as well. I love it here
5	Best teriyaki place in town and we've been coming here for years!  The owner and staff are always friendly and cook your food upon ordering...No old food sitting under heat lamps here! Everything is fresh and delicious;  never a bad meal here, not once. Our favorite is the #1 chicken teriyaki with brown rice and a side order of shrimp tempura. Cabbage and a small salad are included with a flavorful dressing.  If you're looking for a quick, delicious meal for lunch or dinner at a very reasonable price then this is your place!  You won't be disappointed!
4	Looks like I found another solid Teriyaki joint!Located off of Rainbow with Patrick as the nearest cross street, you can easily pass these guys if you are not looking hard enough. Once yo make your way in, you will see that there is about 8 tables with each having four chairs. I came in for lunch on a friday and man were they busy! As I am in line waiting to order I can understand why a lot of people come here to pick up their phone orders because most if not all of the tables were taken! Im glad somebody just got done eating as soon as I placed my order.Looking at the menu, you  can tell that is easily understandable. As for any teriyaki place, especially one that I am trying for the first time, I always get some kind of Beef and Chicken Combo. Its always a bonus if you can get brown rice instead of white. Here you can do that but they charge you 85 cents for that substitution while some other places dont charge you at all.So I order the #10 Beef and Chicken Combo Plate ($8.29). All their plates come with rice, garden salad, and vegetable. I gotta say that the chicken and beef was very good. It had a nice chargrilled taste about it and was tender. The salad had some kind of rice vinegar on it and I thought it could of used a bit more because halfway through I was just eating straight lettuce. The vegetable was some kind of cut up cabbage and I think it was pickled with a hint of ginger.Service was friendly and as soon as your order is done cooking, they make sure to get your attention.Some random info. Yes they take cards. You can always phone your order in, especially during those peak hours at lunch and dinner. If you're on a budget I suggest you try their different monday through friday lunch specials ($6.49) from 11 am to 2;30 pm. Hours are Monday through Saturday 11 am to 9 pm. Closed Sundays. Lastly, they have all the teriyaki and sriracha sauce you need on every table. Love the convenience.Will definitley come back to try their other items for the plate I good was pretty good.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #167
4	Teriyaki House is a family owned fast casual restaurant in Southwest LV. You can get all kinds of teriyaki from chicken to salmon, and more. I love that everything is made to order so everything is fresh. I also love the bento box set-up that you're getting more than just rice with your meal. Who doesn't love some fresh veggies on a hot summer day in Vegas? The owner is super personable and friendly - making you want to return ASAP!
5	Tried it for the first time today. Called in an order for a lunch special. Picked it up 15 minutes later. No problems. It was SO good, and really affordable and a good deal for the amount of food you get. Will definitely be going back.
5	Delicious food at an affordable price. Food is fresh and served up quickly. I've never had a bad meal here, they are always consistant. I usually order the Thai Chicken, sooo good! :)  Other items I've tried and like:  Beef Teriyaki, Chicken Katsu & Honey Chicken. The owner, Kai is from Hawaii and super friendly.  His two cooks are also really nice.
5	Have been coming here for years. Chicken katsu and teriyaki chicken are my favorites. You can even buy a jar of their home made teriyaki sauce.
5	3 days straight. Can't get enough! Just the way I like my katsu. Mmmm sooooooo goooood :)
5	This place is awesome; Very fast, delicious food, and cheap. Best teriyaki in Vegas. For the teriyaki meal ours $6.39. Can't beat it!
4	Fast, generous portions and delicious!  I'm here on business and wishing this place existed where I live. Instead of the usual bowl, the teriyaki is served bento box style, with an Asian salad and chopped cabbage. It makes for a hearty meal and is very inexpensive as well. Sure beats the usual burger and fries when searching for fast food. I think I'll be visiting this place whenever I'm in town.
5	Quick, delicious, clean place, reasonable price.
5	Not typical American teriyaki, taste like real Japanese food especially the teriyaki beef and pork.
4	Was looking for some cheap eats while in las Vegas and ended up here. ... not a bad choice.  Tons of food, low prices and great service.  The tempura coating was a little heavier than what I am accustomed to but it wasn't bad at all.  All and all, I would come back. ..
3	Always good and fresh. But last time we got burnt steak:( we always get good food just not last visit. I'm sure the worker knew it wasn't done right. You can see it. Or did they run out? I would have rather been told we are out then have received lack of meat. I would try them again because it only happened once. We were embarrassed to say something bc we are always greater kindly. This place has brown rice which is a plus. Chicken always fresh. And food is always good except for las time.
3	If I worked closer to here, they could easily take my money every day. Fast and easy Japanese food option; their salad is really basic though and I wish they had a few more meat/tempura option Their prices are low enough thought that buying an extra tempura plate doesn't make me protest. They say they charge for extra teriyaki sauce, but I think you can easily get more sauce here for free if you just pour it yourself after picking up a to-go order. This place is super casual and a good option if you  are scrambling for time tin the area. Yogi's and Volcano Grille are a bit more filling, but this place does salmon a lot better (while Yogi's doesn't do it at all).
5	This is one of Vegas' hidden gems. The teriyaki chicken is delicious and aggressively priced. Me and one of my best friends (shout out Joel L.!) Come here often for the lunch special
5	Great go to Teriyaki place. Owner is there every day which makes me feel comfortable. Food is great. Love the Thai chicken. Working close to here makes this place a great lunch spot at least 2 times a week or more!
