3	on monday's, casey's has a "little person" that sits on a loft above the bar. for $10 you can buy the entire bar a shot...when i say a shot - i mean the little person then slides down a fireman's pole onto the bar, grabs a bottle of pre-mixed shots and runs up and down the bar pouring a shots into everyone's mouths.insensitive? sure.demeaning? of course.so weird you can't help but go once? absolutely.
3	I avoid Casey's on midget nights, but go for the great happy hour. By great happy hour, I mean cheap beer at a dark smoky bar. As an added bonus, the bartender lets you know when happy hour is about to end, so you can get one last beer in at the cheap price.The first 5 times I went here, they were playing Family Guy on all their TVs. This is a dedicated bar. If you're in the mood for a microbrew or import, Casey's also has a surprisingly large selection of drafts. For the thrifty conscious, you can often find an unadvertised special by looking at the hand-printed signs below the taps for the beers that they're cycling out soon. Last time I was there, they had a $3 Great Lakes draft.Overall, go for the specials, but don't expect high-class here.
4	This place is colossally fucked up. I'm almost ashamed to say how much I liked it when I went. But lets be honest here. Good cheap beer and spectacle that doesn't quit. Be sure to check it out on Mardi Gras. Holy eff. pure super-awesome evil.
4	Great bar on the south side to grab a quick beer.  Usually, if i plan on eating at Fatheads, i like to leave my reservation and walk next door to casey's until our table is ready.  The beer is always cold and the bartender is always cool.  I've never seen the "little person" but i'm told it's awesome.  This is a Must Stop.
5	Awesome Bar Saturdays are outta hand there... Thursdays karaoke. SAT&MON MIDGET MADNESS.
5	My girl dragged me here last night while we were visiting Pittsburgh...At first I was a bit skeptical, but after 5 mins of chit chatting we had a great time...even came back after dinner.Only downfall...stools made me feel drunk/topsy turvy...and we missed Midget night, hahahaInexpenisve alcohol and great bartenders make the world a much happier place!
4	Midget Madness.  Need I say more??On Monday and Saturday nights they have a midget that goes up and down the bar pouring shots down your throat.  Several costume changes are involved.  Its maybe one of the best things I've ever seen.  They've got a great beer selection and a few TVs that we found useful for football watching.  But really, who can pay attention to a TV when you have a manboy running around?!?
4	Monday.Midget.Madness.Need I say more???
2	I was never a fan of exploiting little people.
4	My favorite diveSmoky and filthy, avoidif you're on a date
4	Casey's is a pittsburgh legend. They are famous for midget madness and having incredibly cheap drinks. Always an interesting atmosphere at Casey's.  They don't offer food, but they do allow u to order out from the many neighboring restaurants.
4	Great tequila barUpstairs, just past the midget'sTiny little home.(b)
2	It's a frat bar where for $10 on Monday, a little person named "Manboy" (sidenote: do not google image his name on a work computer, learn from my mistakes) comes down a pole, walks on the bar in a costume, and pours shots down your throat. Nothing in your wildest dreams, could be more messed up than this. They even sell Manboy bobbleheads.Did you notice I called him a "little person"? That's because I'm a sensitive person.  The rest of the peeps in here for "midget madness" are not. Hey, I'm only a foot taller and I gots some T Rex arms and the last thing I want to do for employment is shove a nozzle of jager down some screaming frat boys throat and pretend to enjoy that sh**.   To be honest, judging by the look on his face I think he might want to go postal and torch the place.I could only tolerate this place for one drink. I'll give them kudos for the impressive drafts on tap, a diverse tequila selection, but I had to run out of there before they got the idea I could be "Womengirl" behind the bar.
2	A frat bar with the novelty of a midget that pours shots.  You go in, get your shot from a little person, and leave.  This place is only ideal for the quick stop, or once you're already too intoxicated to care.
3	On the behest of a business associate, I stopped into Casey's to see "the show".  One thing that I'm not used to, is smoking in bars (not a Casey's thing, a Pittsburgh thing).  They stopped this in most places on the east coast years ago, and I forgot what it's like to come home smelling like an ash tray.   The real reason we came was to see what they call midget madness.  Basically a little person gets up on the bar, walking down it and pouring shots into peoples mouths.  Wrong on so many levels, but still entertaining.  Only stayed for about 45 minutes.  Not somewhere I would hang on the regular.
2	Only thing going for this bar is the little person that comes out and feeds people shots.  Otherwise, typical bar that allows smoking.
5	Awesome little bar.  Great beer selection and decent prices.  Also had a cute little bartender working on a Thursday night.  She made sure my glass was never empty.  Downside is that they allow smoking.
3	Most people focus in on the "man boy" element of this bar because it is the most controversial. For those that think that having a little person dump shots down the throats of those at the bar entertaining you may want to show up here on one of the nights they have their famed "midget madness." If you are against that sort of thing, there are plenty of times to avoid that activity.However, as a dive bar, Casey's is one of the better ones in town. You should come here expecting cheap drinks by any other bars standards on Carson Street and outrageous specials. While we were here, I enjoyed an IPA from their extensive selection of draft beers. My girlfriend had a few of their special $1 margaritas when we visited.Visitors should note, that this is a smoking establishment, so if you're bothered by smoke, this may not be the place for you on it's busiest nights.Men should note that there are no "number 2s" in the restroom. The toilet has no seat and there is no toilet paper available in the restroom. Unless you plan on wiping by dragging your butt across the floor, which is not recommended.Visitors should show up here expecting a "dive bar" experience for a cheap and very drunk time.
2	I only ran into this place to use the bathroom. Had to show my ID before i walked in though. Standard Procedure!i walked in and immediately everyone stared at me like ii didn't belong there. A bunch of folks all sitting at the bar. Most of the seats were taken and it was pretty dark and crummy in their. No decorations only beer signs. i believe they had specials on beer and drinks but from the looks of the place thats all they had to offer.When i walked into the ladies room I was immediately turned off. 1. No lock on the bathroom door2. Only 1 toilet3. No door on the stallSo let me tell you how this went. I walked into the bathroom and closed the door behind me. I went to lock it after noticing that there was only one toilet in the bathroom. To the left was the sink and paper towels.  The only thing separating the toilet from the sink was a measly shower curtain hung by zip ties!! I mean really...zip ties. They couldn't even buy real shower curtain rings. When i tried to slide the curtain shut i had to move it inch by inch because it was too tightly hung. Seeing that there is only one toilet and the few people who saw me go inside the stall, i figured i would have my privacy but of course that didn't happen. 30 seconds into my curtain pulling. Two drunk women stumble in loud and laughing meanwhile leaving the door to the girls room open. Did i mention the bathroom is right next to the bar!! So i had to announce to them i was using the toilet, God forbid they open the curtain!!. They were laughing and taking pictures while i'm praying that they leave soon or just don't pull the curtain back. I've never had such a uncomfortable experience using the bathroom in my life. This is what it must feel like to be a prison inmate. No privacy, no respect and no doors!!
