5	Okay, so it's a liquor store -- why 5 stars?Because, if you're staying in South Las Vegas and are a serious drinker who isn't ashamed to admit that you want to be a little economical in your surfeit, then it's all about location, baby.I've walked to this place from Luxor and Mandalay Bay -- it's close, it's across the street, it may not be that pleasant of a walk in the summer (still, even taking a cab if you're that lazy is worth the money you'll save in the long run) but getting a gallon of rum at fair market value in Vegas makes the effort worth it.
4	So, you're in Vegas and plan to do some major drinking but want to save a little bit of money? This is a good place to start.As a closet alcoholic I would like to say that our choice to stop here on our way to the hotel worked out pretty well. The store is clean, the selection is decent and the amount of mixers was also pretty good too. It's not the cheapest liquor but it's definitely cheaper than anything else you might find on the strip. If you're ordering drinks at the casino bars or getting the mandatory Vegas flute buying a little extra alcohol is a good idea. Get a flask, fill it up and add a little extra something to every drink you order.BTW... Starbucks + vodka = awesomeness.              Frapps are the best!!!
2	The price for alcohol is almost $10 more than in the bay area. But if you rather buy bottles instead of buying individual drinks at the clubs, the price is way better. The store is average size, not too big or small. The employees are blah... Not very customer friendly.
4	Right across from Mandalay Bay/Luxor area. Decent prices and selection. Good service. Not much else you can say about a place located in a strip mall just on the tip of the strip. They've got limes!
1	Rip off! I went here for a business trip and needed liquor for a happy hour. We spent $350 in OVERPRICED Liquor charges. I asked the clerk to split the charge into 3 so we can all split it. Come to find out he charge me twice, I have this in dispute with American Express but they REFUSED to give me the money back even though they admitted to charging me twice. Bad business accumen!
3	It is right on the way from the airport to The Strip, and you pay a premium for that. A big one. Like double the prices I pay in Denver.However, a $30 bottle of vodka vs. a $15 drink in the club? Still a good deal.
5	Gotta stop in and  see frank before the party I got 2 bottles of patron platinum for 500 would've been 4000 in the clubs, great service and always keeps my bottles cold I'll be back
