1	Thanks for closing your offices on Saturday September 1st and not informing your patients that had appointments!!!  Yes... we waited outside of the office for 20+ minutes waiting.  No note on the door to inform patients that had been scheduled that the office would be closed, no phone call informing any of us!!  Thanks for leaving us stranded!  Not a good first impression for sure, considering this was my first weigh-in.  Its going to take a lot from this point forward to earn my trust.  And to the bimbo who answered the phone, thanks for your concern NOT!  She could have cared less that several patients got stranded.  But then this goes along with other bad reviews I've read from this particular office.... the staff doesn't care, point blank!  The program may work, but the staff is uncaring and rude at this particular office.UPDATE:  I called the office on Tuesday morning to complain about this issue.  The bimbo who answered the phone (I'll be nice and not mention her name here), but she was the most unpleasant, uncaring person I have run in to in Las Vegas!  She said "oh well we closed the office at the last minute cause it was a holiday"  REALLY?  Saturday was not a holiday you idiot, Monday was!  And further more she insisted someone had called me on Friday to tell me the office would be closed.  REALLY?  Funny I never got a call on my home or cell phone ... she still insisted they called.  Funny looking at both phones and not one call from the clinic.  So when I said to her how dumb do you think I am?  Had I received a call, #1 why would I have showed up for my appointment on Saturday.... oh and how about the other 2 people that were waiting for their appointment as well  #2 IF someone decided to close the office, was it too much trouble to maybe place a note on the door stating the office is closed on this particular date, just in case maybe you did call some patients and maybe they didn't get a message, etc?  #3 IF I had received a call stating the office was going to be closed why would I be calling and angry because I was not able to have the appointment that was scheduled for me?  Her response:  Oh well we were closed and we did call you.  Thats it, no sorry, no nothing!  Then she got the angry "well when do you want to come in"  How about you politely ask the paying customer, when can I reschedule your appointment, I'm really sorry for the miscommunication. Something, ANYTHING other than sorry about your bad luck we were closed!  YOUR JOB IS CUSTOMER SERVICE HOW ABOUT BEING FRIENDLY AND OWNING UP TO YOUR (OR SOMEONE IN THE OFFICE"S SCREW UP!!)  Don't get mad at me because I'm angry, ITS YOUR FAULT I'm angry!  We shall see how my weigh in goes.  Another update may be forthcoming.
1	I'd give this place NO stars if it was an option. They have recently moved to a new office on Eastern Ave.They are only open 4 days a week, for 4 hours at a time! Ridiculous. They do not tell you that when you call them to ask about their programs. Also, they tell you over the phone that you can just drop in if you're going for shots, but this is not true- they do not always, or even usually, have a nurse on site, and you must make an appointment. There are way too many of this type of clinic in town to bother with this one - terrible service and even worse hours make this place a waste of money.
5	This is a great program and it has been working really well for me.  I started on December 29th and over the last 6 weeks I've lost 33 pounds.  I'm a big guy and weighed in at 276.  My goal is 180. The first week I lost 14 pounds and since then I've been averaging 4 pounds a week.  It's any easy diet to follow and if you're willing to do a little bit of cooking you can add enough variety and flavor to not get bored.  My energy levels are good and getting better all the time.My sister and brother-in-law live in Henderson and raved about their weight loss results and the ease of staying on the program.  So I bit the bullet and a bit of skepticism (will this work for me?) and went to the Henderson clinic while visiting over the holidays.  The staff was professional and knowledgeable and answered my questions.  The wait was about 10 minutes to see a counselor which seemed reasonable.  Since starting, I've called in with some questions and if I didn't get a counselor immediately I got a callback within the hour.I'm eating about a 1000-1200 calories a day.  If you're a guy you will probably need to.  Use a scale to weigh out your portion sizes otherwise a 5 to 6oz hamburger can become 7 or 8oz.  Take your own blood pressure if you have a cuff at home.  Mine has dropped from 135/85 to 110/72.  I'm on blood pressure meds and while I've not experienced any dizziness if you do you may need to have your meds adjusted by your doctor.  If you're going into the clinic on follow-up make sure you get them to take your BP.  The program is not inexpensive but you will find yourself spending less on groceries so it is probably a wash.  I think the spray makes a difference but don't ask me how.  Had my sister and BIL not had success I would just have assumed it's a scam.  IT IS NOT.  Good luck!
5	After having my 3 children in 4 years (and over 30 years old), my body was not bouncing back in any way. 2 co-workers that were on this program encouraged me to make my appt. Since, they both had success, it was my turn!!  I lost my first 30 baby pounds very fast, and continued losing another 20 over my 3 month period. 6 months later, I  am in maintenance and feel so good and super confident.  After going over options of my too loose skin with Dr. Carol (Chaney), I am now going to try the Viora skin tightening on my stomach, bum, and chicken arms!  I've seen clients in office look fabulous (especially neck)! My first appt is next week, and I will update with results!!  So excited!!!!!!!!!!!!
