4	Just a quick review for now...Cino's  (pronounced with  CH) opened 3 days ago.  It's located where the Italian Deli use to be.  It's more spacious now with more seating.  The young lady taking our order was really helpful and friendly. Good service!!! The menu is simply Chicken strips and stuffed chicken strips served with a variety of sauces.  The sides are thin cut fries and sweet potato fries, classic cole slaw or their sweet apple version.  You can order individually or get the combo deals which include your sides and a drink. I ordered the 3pc. stuffed chicken combo w/sweet potato fries.  I LOVE the sweet potato fries made here. They have  great flavor, cut just right so they are moist but not mushy.  I had 3 different stuffed chickens, South Western - chillies w/jack cheese, Italian-tomato, basil & mozz and Chicken Parmesan - spinach w/parm cheese....that one was my favorite!  The chicken itself is moist, juicy and flavorful, the breaded batter gave it a nice crisp.  The portions are average. Not huge, not small.  I left the place with a full belly.  They have punch cards here. Purchase 9 combos and receive one free!   So don't forget to get one!  I'll be back for more of the sweet potato fries and Chicken Parmesan for sure!
4	Ate here the other night. The free frozen yogurt was my main initial attraction, not gonna lie. I had the stuffed chicken, and it was decent. The apple cole slaw was ridiculously amazing though. I wish I could try all the sauces without having to pay for them (though I understand this would be quite the business expense if they let everyone do so).
4	Decided to take the kids there after a movie. They like chicken fingers so why not?The girl behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. The place was dead though, there were only 2 other people in there at the time.They have a variety of stuffed chicken fingers. I tried a combo of all of them.They were cooked perfectly. The fries were seasoned well too.You get two little plastic cups for condiments. They have quite a few to choose from. The fry sauce and the jalapeno sauce were both great. The cook came out and asked us how everything was which was nice.The only complaint I had was that they charge you if you want a another cup. Not that a quarter is gonna break me, but other places like Baja Fresh let you have as much as you want. Its the principle.They need to rework the condiment area too. Its very confined and if more than one person is there, everyone is stepping one each other.I think this place will be successful after they tweek it a little. They have a great product and good service.
4	What can I say but they were hands down the best chicken fingers I have ever had.  Family and I ordered 2 of the 4 piece combos w/ the chicken cordon cleu, tomato and basil, and stuffed green chile variety. We found we liked the cordon bleu and the green chile the best.   The sweet potato fries were excellent as was the apple cole slow.  The girl working the counter was extremely attentive and friendly.Will be going back the next time we are headed through
4	This place is right up the street from my house so I was pretty excited to try it.  My wife and I both got the regular chicken fingers but we each got different kinds of fries.  These chicken fingers were awesome!  The breading, crispyness, and flavor was delicious.  The sauces that you can choose from are pretty great too and the jalepeno cream sauce was so good.  I thought that both the sweet potato and the regular fries were seasoned perfectly.  I'm glad this place is so close because I will definitely go back there.  Also, the free 8 oz. yogurt with the purchase is an added bonus!
4	on the way home from picking up my son from school, decided to stop by and check it out. Friendly staff and quick service will bring us back for sure. Got home, ate... very happy with everything. Will return.
4	My husband and I adore this place. The best thing on the menu are the fries. They are thin shoestrings but come with a seasoning on them. The seasoniing is bit salty so ask that they go easy on it.
4	i saw this place in a magazine of stuff in Henderson and was like hell i love chicken fingers. so i decided to hunt it down, it is a bit far from my apt but id say worth the trip.i got the Italian stuffed and my sister got the southwest stuffed.we both got regular fries but i got the apple slaw instead.the girl at the counter was great, very friendly.she gave me a punch card that gives you a free meal after so many punches. the chicken was great. i loved mine and my sister thought hers were sensational. the fries id have to say are the best in town they have this seasoning on them that is great. i would have liked more. extra order next time. they give you 2 cups for sauce. i got 2 extra but didn't use em, the chicken is that good to where you don't need to dip it. the only thing id change is the size of the cups. they aren't small but i don't like having to get up and get a refill multiple times if i was to eat in.other than that if you haven't been to the place then you need to go. the fingers rock and the fry sauce gives raising canes a run for their money.EXCELLENT
4	Really good chicken fingers. I love chicken fingers and order them often, and these are some of the best I've had.  Definitely way above the sort of bar food or diner chicken finger quality.  These are light and crispy and very flavorful, especially the stuffed ones.  I recommend the Spinach Parmesan Stuffed Chicken!
2	No Stuffed Chicken!? It's on the sign! I've been to this place a few times when they had stuffed fingers, the main reason I chose to go the very first time was the whole "stuffed" chicken idea, the big idea behind this place. Now I come to find they have no stuffed chicken and now randomly decided to make burgers?? Whoever the owner is needs to straighten up fast because they lost what made them special. There's another chicken finger place 2 minutes from my house that I can walk to anytime, but this place WAS worth the 15 minute drive. The fingers here are still pretty good, but why should I or anyone else come here when they now blend in with every other place that sells decent fingers. A very bad decision, bring me back my stuffed fingers like your sign says you have!!!
4	Tried Cino's today for the first time, and was pleasantly surprised. The chicken fingers are very moist and the fries are great. The girl at the register was very polite and made us feel very welcome. We will be visiting Cino's again very soon!!
4	Yay!!!  The precious stuffed fingers have come back where they belong!~  Back to the 15 minute drive to get the stuffed savory chicken, my fave being the cordon bleu although I wasn't sure about it at first, but its great. Along with tasty skinny crispy seasoned fries, this is my perfect lunch and sometimes dinner. They also now have a mini arcade to play while you wait for your order, I'll be back again and again!  :D
4	Freakin' awesome popcorn chicken...the seasoned fries are also really good. The stuffed chicken fingers are gone and the slaw is 50 cents extra now...but still a great place to stop on the way home from work!
3	Pretty good, good price. Manager does not honor Yelp coupon. :-( Really, it's only a yogurt.
3	Finally tried Cino's thanks to a groupon.I decided on the 4 pc chicken strips meal and a 3 pc stuffed chicken meal.  For each meal, you get a side of regular or sweet potato fries and a drink.  You also get two container of sauces for each meal.  Any additional container cost a quarter.  I also tried the apple coleslaw in an itty bitty container for $0.50.  It was aight.  Nothing special.I got my food to-go so only when I arrived home that I open the box and noticed that I have only received 3 pcs of chicken strips vs 4.  What a bummer because the strips are quite tiny too.  The strips were juicy, but I honestly thought Chick & Benny's are juicier and A LOT bigger.  The jalapeno ranch sauce was very delicious.Will I come back?  This  place is A-ok, but not so delicious where I will be consuming frying oil for.
4	We were first timers. The cashier was very helpful.V ordered the burger w fries, she enjoyed her meal.M ordered strips with sweet potato fries, but they brought regular fries. She said they were good and enjoyed her meal.I had the stuffed strips, apparently they're very popular since the only flavor left at 1pm was the cordon bleu. They were very good and so were the sweet potato fries.Large variety of dipping sauces. We'll be back.
2	The chicken fingers used to be really good when they first opened. Loved the ultra thin shoestrings fries too. But now the chicken is undercooked, not the quality it used to be as the crust tastes like ordinary chicken fingers you can get from the drive-thru. The fries are no longer the thin shoestring but regular fries. I'm disappointed because the last 2 times within the last month wasn't a good experience. Please go back to the original recipe and bring back shoestring fries.
5	fourth time trying cinos. everytime i go in there theres somthing new! this time was the garlic ketchup and ghost pepper ketchup. BIG FAN! they have milkshakes also i will try them next time.
1	Bad news - I spotted a cockroach in the BBQ sauce fixings area. It was crawling on the ledge above the Hickory Smoked variety. At this point, I had already received my 3 ala carte fingers and .50 cent side and was heading away and out. Of course, I could have screamed cockroach or could have returned my meal. I have no idea why I left the store, but I didn't eat the BBQ sauce and only tried two of the three tenders before I got too grossed out thinking about the crawler. The fingers are lifeless, but at least arent greasy. Nothing special and the apple slaw really was just chopped up Granny Smith's in regualr ole slaw. Maybe Bizzarre food guy would eat here, but not me anymore.
1	Bleech. Really, people like this place? About the only thing good about it is the 2 old school video games including a table version of Ms. Pac Man they have in the back. The chicken strips are nothing special, I can go to Vons up the street and get Tyson chicken products with more flavor than what Cino's offers. Then they give you 2 plastic cups for your sauces and say that if you want more it's a quarter for extra plastic cups. I tried their sauces and their overrated ketchup and the Jalapeno Ranch was about the only thing that made me go hmmm, this is interesting. And the sweet potato fries were ho-hum. Remedy's Bar at I-515 and Wagonwheel needs to show Cino's how to make sweet potato fries. Yelp has a check-in special for free dessert but I was so underwhelmed by this place that I just shut off the Yelp app and walked out the door. I have no intention of ever returning. In my opinion this place thinks they can compete with Canes Chicken Fingers but in reality their only competition is the frozen chicken in the Vons cooler up the street. This place isn't worth exiting I-515 to try. I wish it was as it would save me a 15 min drive for Cane's.
