4	A recent addition to the Stockbridge restaurant directory, the Purslane promises "casual fine dining" in relaxed surroundings. One of those places you might not spot until you're really looking for it, it served us really good dishes, and is just the kind of place we could see ourselves revisiting on many occasions.Overall, we said: "this is a charming place. I now understand the phrase 'casual fine dining' and for the money, I'd say you'd be hard pressed to mix quality and quantity as well."
5	I have been to Purslane at least three times. On two occasions I was entertaining business partners. Choosing from the three course menu was always a challenge, as all of the dishes sound very appealing. The food is excellent: delicious, generous portions and superb presentation. The wine list is good and prices are VERY reasonable for Stockbridge. The place is nice and service is very friendly. In summary, two thumbs up and five stars for this place.
5	But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks, it is the east and Purslane is my sun! It was a beautiful sunny lunchtime when we came in here for lunch, and the sun carried on shining on my tastebuds as we had the two course lunch for 12 pounds. What great value for such great food!We were made to feel very welcome, and the casual fine dining experience to me is all about relaxed good service with excellent quality food. The service was brilliant and it was clear everyone here is passionate about good food and making every trip here special.I started with the smoked salmon blinis which was fresh, rich and beautifully presented. The pan fried hake was delicious and has to be up there as one of the best fish dishes I've had. I really did spend the whole afternoon afterwards finding myself just going 'hmmmmm' at the memory of it.Unfortunately we were under a bit of time pressure, so I'm already planning a return visit with some more time to enjoy a leisurely lunch or dinner at what is now my top picks  Edinburgh restaurant.And the best thing? You get a QR code on a card with your bill that allows you to go and buy Paul and other excellent Edinburgh chefs recipes, so you can recreate the fine dining experience at home with friends and family. What a fantastic idea! I've already cooked the roast rump of lamb with a herb crust for some friends. But it won't be stopping me coming back for the real experience of being so wrapped in the sunshine of service and taste that is Purslane.
