1	If you are looking for a gym that is more concerned about their reputation then your kid - well sign up!   I had a boy and a girl on their team.  My daughter's confidence was destroyed and it took almost 6 months to rebuild her self-esteem (new coaches have worked hard to turn her around).  My son got burnt out with the intensity of the mens coach (he's 10).  Luckily, both kids are in good spots now.  Don't go here.  There are many other gyms in the valley and yes, the facilities are beautiful but not worth the toll on your kids' psyche.
4	My husband took my son to North Valley Gymnastics for a bday party.  Since then, he kept telling me how much more I would like North Vally Gymnastics than Arizona Sunrays. Finally, today I took my son here for a trail class.  And I must write that I am impressed with the facility and the instructors.  The building and equipments are new.  The lobby is large and spacious.  The staff behind the counter greets you warmly.  The open area where all the gymnasts practice are open with fantastic ventilation.There is a spacious open to below mezannine area where parents can sit and view their kids with comfort.  There is also another smaller area down the hallway where you can watch your kids too.Overall, I'm very impressed.  I'm still loyal to Arizona Sunrays since the 2 years my son was there he's always had a good time with good instructors so I'm on the fence about switching . . . .If you've never been here, it's definitely worth checking out!
2	I took my girls for a trial class in TNT (tumbling and trampoline) and a pre-k gymnastics class.  The facilities were nice, large, and very clean.  They had a upstairs spacious viewing area of the gym floor and a children's waiting area.  My real disappointment is the classes.  The tumbling class was co-ed, mixed levels, and an age range of 6-14 YO.  There was one instructor for a class of 8-15 (I don't remember) students.  The hour long lesson was divided by: 1/4 warm up, 1/4 going over the drills/stations, and the rest of the time on the trampoline.  The Kids were separated into groups and station.  To summarize, both classes reminded me of a P.E. class.  My daughter did have fun in tumbling, but my pre-k gymnast was bored and indifferent towards her class.  My overall impression is kids at the beginning level will get treated like cattle.
4	I have had nothing but a positive experience at this gym.  We signed up last month and it has been excellent.  She is enrolled in intermediate tumbling.  Her coach is kind, goal oriented and makes the class fun.  My interactions with the front desk stafff have been positive.  I just called about a make -up and they were happy to accomodate me.
5	I just have to say ive never been more happy at a gym. They owners are amazing and they have a great boys team and they make sure the staff knows what they are doing. The gym is big and open and its just a perfect place to put your kid from kindergym to team.
5	We've been at North Valley gymnastics for just over a year a couldn't be happier with the owners, the facility and the coaches. We had been planning to enroll our daughter's at another gym when we we heard about NVG. I asked around and the response from people was very positive so we tried it out. Kids liked it and so did we. After a few months, we grew a little concerned with the kinder gym program because it seemed like the same stuff week after week. And many of the activities were what you'd expect at Gymboree. Around this time a new kinder gym director was hired and the difference was immediate. Now, the kids are working on specific skills and we are seeing a definite progression from one week to the next. Coach Jenna is fantastic with the kids....positive, enthusiastic, and she genuinely enjoys them. My kids adore her!  The facility is spacious, clean, and safe. Is a positive atmosphere that is a fostering a love for the sport.
4	I take some little one's to the KinderGym there and it is a great program. The layout of the gym is great as well as the Parent viewing zones. I must say, in the upstairs viewing space and the actual gym, it is super cold. They also have a very large boys program which is nice to see.
5	My daughter has been attending North Valley gymnastics girls program for years and loves it. It has been the best thing for her. The coaches are all skilled, knowledgeable and bring lots of experience. They have continued to positively encourage her and instill confidence she has lacked before. Can't say enough good things about this gym. They have become our family!
5	I have 2 sons that have attended North Valley Gymnastics seasonally when we have time for them to go.Both of my boys started when they were 2 years old. We try to make sure they get at least 3 months a year at NVG.  If we had more money and time I would have them go  6-9 months a year.My boys are now 3 and 6 years old. They both started with kinder gym with Susan and then they progressed to be with Tony.My boys love working with Tony, and I am very pleased with his class and how he interacts with all the kids.We are currently on hold.... But we will be back!
5	I have been taking my daughter here for over a year, she started out at the kindergym and has liked it so much she has moved up to the Rec classes.She loves it, and I do too.Everything is great about it, the staff is friendly, and helpful.The coaches love doing what they do.New equipment.Feels like you belong to a family.Pricing is reasonable, when I shopped around it was the same pricing as others.Worth the extra few dollars for a better gym, and coaches!
4	My kids started at AZ Sunrays from 3-5 yrs and after about 4 yrs old I became less enamored with the quality of education and activities mine received.  We heard great things (and have a friend of a friend who is doing Olympic-level training) about NV Gymnastics and after a trial class when my daughter was 5.5 yrs we switched.  Unlike the other place, it doesn't smell, has mostly caring and competent coaches (my daughter loves some, doesn't care for others - to be expected. At least here she finds more she likes versus AZ Sunrays).  The overall business philosophy is more flexible (i.e. make up classes, tuition, etc), plus the training program (we've done kindergym then moved up to more competitive circuit of 1.5 hr classes) seems to have more expectations (not just play for kindergym) yet balanced with infusing fun.  I have heard minimal grumblings from other parents, yet have heard some.  And I agree with the other poster about higher-end clientele but I don't think there's any talking down to, just a busy busy staff. We also looked at Scottsdale gymnastics (5 yrs old) but wasn't impressed with the week-long summer camp nor birthday party we attended.  After watching his sister at NVG, and seeing a very active and substantial all-age boys program, my 7 yr old son started going here 2 months ago and raves about it!  The only reason I haven't given it a 5 stars is subjective - somehow I/we don't feel like part of a family after going 2x week for a year, and now weekly. We go, half the time I wait, then we leave. Feels kind of like we're a familiar face, but that's it.
5	outstanding gym.  I have two daughters in the competitive Junior Olympics team and they both thrive here, after coming from another nearby gym that was run down.  Team coaches are top notch. Facility is fantastic.  The only (small) complaint I have that it is not cheap, as gyms go, and that their front desk staff can be a tiny bit on the surly side depending on how much work they have to process that day (which I understand, and they do try hard).  I'm not entirely sure that one of the owners even likes kids all that much, she seems to be the "number head" of the gym, but that is more than made up for by the other owner and by the amazing coaches.  They have had a very high turnover in recent months but that's not all that unusual for gyms either. Overall, they get results, my kids are in top shape and have a competitive edge because of them.
