4	Ended up a long way from home when we got hungry.  Spousal Unit had a vague memory of a sports bar "somewhere" along this street!  Stumbled in hungry and thirsty. Owner/bartender was great, friendly, good beer recommendation (Shocktop with an orange slice, yum!).  Knew her menu too!  "Wings" were more like small drummies, finished on the grill and very tasty!  Sweet potato fries are "nice" but the house fries or MVG fries (sourcream/onion added) were Outstanding!  French Dip was juicy, tasty beef layered endlessly on a ciabatta which held up very well to the generous serving of au-jus (I hate running out halfway through, not a problem here at MVG).  Definitely would go out of my way to show up again and sample a few more items.  Don't be surprised when you pull up or go in - no fancy schmancy decorations here, this place is like the plain looking girl in school who always wore a trenchcoat and no makeup - WHO KNEW she was rocking a super model bikini bod under that get-up?  Same At MVG, outside of the spiffy bathroom fixtures nobody is trying to dazzle you with decorations!  STAY ANYWAY!  If you are a smoker then you are in for a nice surprise - thats a nice little patio area hiding back there!
4	Very good food! Nice staff! Would come back!
4	Fun neighborhood joint. Love the steak crustini.
5	Great friendly staff
4	Well what can I say? Its your basic sports grill. Plenty of plasmas, large variety of alcohol, and a lot of old people. My first impression was a lively crowd but I soon realized how dull it was. Don't get me wrong, this place is excellent for group events but if you and some friends are looking for a night out, this is not the place. Standard beer prices.
5	Gotta love it, the best Husker bar in the Valley.   Buy the glass and the beer is $1.50 refills all season.   GO BIG RED!!!!    Good food, great people, great times.
4	This is one of my favorite dive bars in the area.  I grew up at "The Back Nine Bar & Grill".  This is essentially that bar (same location & patrons) with an upgraded menu, staff, TV's, specials etc.  The drink are cheap and it's full of drunks from all over Moon Valley.  They are now open at 6:00 am for breakfast.  The food is pretty functional for what it is and as already mentioned you can't beat the price.  i would recommend it to drinkers and sports fans but not food enthusiasts.
3	Pretty much your typical strip mall sports bar. Wings are solid.  Burgers are decent.  Surprisingly, their salads, especially the steak salad, are really good.    Decent selection of beers.Not enough televisions to show every NFL football game from the Sunday Ticket.  For college football, you will find a lot of Nebraska fans here.
4	Good to have a nice neighbourhood bar like the MVG. I bought a condo in Moon Valley last year and as a guy who likes his beer and a good Happy Hour, was happy to stumble upon the MVG. This place is a regulars hang out; when most people walk in and sit at the bar I noticed a beer instantly brought to them. Service is attentive and staff are friendly. Great Happy Hour with low beer prices and half price appy's. Haven't eaten a lot here; still kinda new, but the grilled wings are great. Only 40 cents on Sunday and served with veggies and dip.
5	I am new to the area and this is what I call a local neighborhood bar.  They have new TV's so watching the games over there is a blast.  The food is really good as well as super affordable.  If you are looking for a nice little bar to kick back at, look no further.
4	Came in Tuesday to watch some baseball. Our server was really friendly and helpful, I heard him mention he used to be a cook. Most cooks I've experienced aren't front of the house material, but he was great!We had some half priced apps. The tortilla chips claim to be homemade but they tasted stale from a bag with cheap spinach and artichoke dip. The mushrooms were great and my salad was just as I expected. Depending what's on TV, I might be back but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Second visit...Had to bring Jeannie so she could try the wings. She and I have found our new favorite place for wings! Our favorite wings were the ones served at the ol'' Dirty Drummer. These are on par with those! Get the Sun Devil wings, hot and grilled. This is a typical neighborhood sports bar....and that is a good thing! Happy hour starts at 11am! What are you waiting for?
4	Fun place to eat...the banter is worth it...not only between the servers but between customers. It was like everyone knew each other even though it was our first time there.We went for lunch, I had chicken salad on marble rye...yah,,,,MARBLE rye in Arizona. Seriously, we've lived out here 30 years now and lemme tell ya, this was the best chicken salad I've had out here. The chicken was tender and chunky, celery and mayo all in the right proportions...this is rare...and I am an expert at chicken and tuna salad. As a side, instead of fries (boring), I opted for the potato soup...excellent! I dunno what to say...you just gotta try this.Go for the food and the fun..not fancy...not at all expensive either.Oh, next time we go, we sit at the counter...yah they got an olde timey counter :-)
2	The food is ok but the experience is constantly suffering due to the extremely poor service. This is an establishment I have visited for quite some time, after an obvious change of ownership in the last few years, this place lost its way. I want to be a fan, the close knit community atmophere is one of the high points of the establishment.  The last time I was in I tried a korean bbq chicken sandwich, me being the type to not leave food unfinished,  could not bring myself to finish the sandwich. The sauce tasted store bought and unpleasantly sweet to the point of being simply inedible.  With that being said the price point for what they serve and in that area is unreasonable to say the least. All in all,  I am always glad to support a local business and am glad to see them doing well, so I hope this place can learn to treat the people willing to spend the money a little better.
5	Definitely try this place. Catrina is great, as are all the bartenders and waitresses. The good is good and the service is spot on.
4	We are Nebraska transplants and live near Moon Valley so this is an obvious choice for us. It's an amazingly fun time on Husker game days. We've been back several times. I would say the food is good, not great. Same for the service as there are a few delays at times. Only a couple craft beers on tap but at least one of them rotates. Do the shot-ski with friends, try the wings, and show up on a Nebraska football day to be amazed.
5	I love this bar! This is the best bar food around. Love the sexy employees, Laine and Carrie. Ask for the special sauce.
