4	Located in the Arroyo shopping complex, close to Chipotle this is the place I've been going to to get my eyes checked for the past couple years. The doctor is cool, friendly, and never rushes through the exam. He takes the time to explain things and answer any questions. The rest of the staff is friendly and very helpful. They'll help you find the perfect set of new frames and their selection is fairly extensive. A lot of designer brands and plenty of affordable ones too. Their prices are comparable to other optometrists I've been to. They're also good with kids, so you can bring the whole family down here to get everyone's eyes checked out.
5	Hi, I want to let you all know that I have been to several eye doctors in Las Vegas and I can tell you some stories. I found Dr. Perez and let me tell you he is the best. He is very nice, easy to talk to and really works with you....... He was able to fit me for contacts without having to wear my reading glasses. My husband went to him and found out that he didn't need to wear glasses except for when he reads..... he eyes were perfect... We are both very happy with Dr. Perez and his wonderful staff.....I look forward to doing business with Dr. Perez for years to come. And I will make sure that my friends all know about him........ Thank you so much Dr. Perez.............................
5	My husband and I have been coming to Dr. Perez at Optic Gallery for a while now. The staff at the office is always smiling and they are very kind and friendly.Dr. Perez does a great job at getting you the right fit of contacts! We are both happy we found someone we can trust to do a good job while making us feel comfortable. You can genuinely tell he cares about his patients and his work. Neither one of us have vision insurance and we find that the prices at Optic Gallery are very reasonable. We will definitely continue to come here for our "optic" needs. Lord knows we need a lot of help in this department, we were not blessed with 20/20 vision and I don't see any amazing vision correction miracles in our future. Ha (you see what I did there)!
5	This was my first visit here and I couldn't be more pleased! My doctor was Dr. Perez and he was awesome. He didn't rush through the exam and reassured that I got all my questions answered. Furthermore, he took the time to explain a lot of things to me. The staff at this location was pretty nice. The only iffy thing was that I was told my contacts were completely paid for via insurance and when I got there, they said I owed $15. Weird... I paid up anyway.I would go here again.
5	Came in for the first time for an exam and glasses/contact fitting.  Dr. Perez and staff are awesome!  They're great at answering and explaining any questions you have and do not rush you at all.  I would come here again.  :)
5	I have been going to Dr Perez for almost 2 years and I brought my 4 year old in this past week. I was worried that the exam would be too difficult and couldn't be done but we were there for about 2 hours and everything went so smooth. He is very thorough and I feel so relieved now that my daughter has glasses now and this is her first pair. They have a few children frames that are very stylish and priced very reasonable but I do wish that they had more. I'm worried that they might not be very comfortable since they had none of the glasses with the soft flexible tip thingies on them. Regardless, the glasses were ready in 3-4 days and my daughter loves them and that is all that matters.
5	I was referred to this location by my insurance company. I was kind of skeptical at first because I have had horrible experiences in the past with different Optometrists. I have to say, this place is wonderful! The staff here is all friendly! I came here to be fitted for contacts because my previous contacts were not fitting me properly. Dr. Perez recommended few brands based on my previous experience with certain brands. The first brand he recommended were uncomfortable so I went back and he gave me few more brands to try. My previous Optometrists didn't do this with me and I got stuck with a year supply of contacts that went to waste. This time, I know Dr. Perez will find one that is best suited for me. I will definitely continue going back to this location for my eye care! Thank you!!!
5	Walked in with my insurance card in hand and no appointments set. I was greeted at the front and gave them my card and let them know that i'm brand new and looking to set up shop at this location when it comes to optometry needs.Would i like an appointment? Sure! How bout tomorrow at 10? Okay! Can you fill out some forms? Why the hell not?!After forms were filled out i was informed that i could be seen by Dr. Perez right meow. Sweet.The exam went pretty well and i got an updated prescription. It appears my left eye is a bit weaker than my right but for the moment Dr. Perez suggests i just stick to my current contact Rx and just get a fitting when i'm almost out. After the exam i expressed an interest in getting some glasses. It took a while but the staff was extremely patient with me as i selected frames that fit my budget. In the end i got a nice set of Oakley frames, transitional lenses and other bells and whistles that ran me up a 250 bill. There's also a check in special for free optical cleaning fluid and microfibre cloth. Yelp 100 - 017 of 100
5	I've been going here for two years and I go to Dr. Perez who is great, very thorough and he explains and answers all your questions and he's pretty funny to boot! I highly recommend him.
5	Dr. Perez is an great guy and an even better doctor.Going to get your eyes checked isn't really a fun thing to do in my book but I actually look forward to catching up with Dr. Perez each year.I'm terrible with my contacts - I am not a model patient by anyone's standards. I hate people poking around in my eye, even when it's me. The OG staff and Dr. P are just genuinely nice & helpful people.I work in the medical\benefits industry, but it doesn't take someone in the field to determine that if your prescription changes, you would more inclined to buy new glasses etc... So it's not uncommon for a dishonest optometrist to tell you they've changed when in actuality - they're the same. It's not uncommon for an Optometrist to tell you a more expensive brand of contact lenses would benefit you more when your old brand is just as good. I've heard sad stories of people being taken advantage of just so they come out of pocket more than they needed to. It's just plain dishonesty.Not here, and not this guy.There are hundreds of places in this city to get your eyes checked. If you are looking for someone who's honest, helpful, and might actually make you 'enjoy' what is considered by many as unenjoyable -- this is the place and this is the guy.
2	I went to Dr. Perez once and he was great doctor with a easy going personality. But this review is more about the staff. I don't order my contacts from them because I can find them cheaper online. I don't have eye insurance so I pay for my appointment with Dr. Perez.. I also bought a pair of glasses from them during my last visit. So I recently opened up my last pair of contact lenses and the right eye was empty. I had already placed an online order so I called Optic Gallery and asked if they could give me a sample until my other lenses arrived. The woman that answered said she would call me back. She then proceeded to call me back and give me a hard time about it. I didn't ask for an entire box or even both eyes. I asked for a sample for one eye. I even offered to pay for it. But because I didn't order from them, she was inquiring if I had glasses I could just wear in the meantime and saying she normally didn't do that, etc. So I told her I would just go to Wal-Mart and buy a box for my right eye rather than being subjected to her rudeness. I am sorry but that is poor customer service. My Rx is about to expire and I won't be going back to Optic Gallery. I lost a contact once in San Diego and an eye doctor there went out of his way to call my eye doctor, verify my Rx and give me a sample. You would think the office I go to for my exams could extend the same courtesy.
5	An excellent establishment, they fixed two of my glasses for free. I will be coming back here when I need glasses, excellent people here, extremely high-quality glasses.
5	i am not a patient here but when i walked in just to see the glasses that they have..i was amazed by the staff..they accomodate me and very friendly! very patient.. they do not rush you when fitting glasses! there's a lot of brands to choose from! i will be coming in here from now on:)
5	I was looking for an eye doctor that accepted my insurance (eyemed) and found Dr. Perez.  I appreciated that I could make the appointment online (zocdoc) and that the location was close (right by Chipotle in Arroyo Crossing).When I first walked in, there were quite a few other customers and I was told to wait a few minutes.  The staff wasn't rude, but I didn't find them super-friendly either.  The tech who did the basic eye tests was courteous.What really gives the place 5 stars is Dr. Perez.  He isn't out to sell you a new pair of glasses every year.  Obviously, if you need them, get them, but his was honest - telling me that I should keep my same prescription and only get new glasses if I wanted different frames (my current glasses are about 5 years old).  He said I could come back at a later time if I break my current pair and need new ones and wasn't at all pushy about getting me to buy anything on the spot.
5	Dr. Perez is always great!  Very patient, wonderful store and the staff is always friendly. I highly recommend.
1	Perhaps I can see better if the non-glare eyeglasses I paid extra hard-earned money for actually is non-glare! Shame on you Optic Gallery for asking me to pay more so you can give me better quality eyeglasses and shame on me for trying you out just because it was convenient for me! I should've gone back to Yesnick Vision Center where I got my 1st pair of non-glare eyeglasses last year for way less than what I paid you guys. It would've been worth the extra 15-minute drive! Talk about extreme buyer's remorse!
5	I've been a patient of Dr Perez for over 7 years.  He is  an outstanding doctor that cares about his patients like they were his own family.  But what makes this organization a great one are the staff members.  They are very knowledgeable and always smiling.  All my friends, family members, and employees go there because they are the best!!!  Don't procrastinate go say hi to Ana and get your eyes checked...
4	Very friendly and helpful. I was a little disappointed at the selection of sunglasses, but their selection of regular eyeglass selection was decent. I didn't get an eye exam there, but did meet the doctor and he was very personable.  Their prices were very competitive with what I have been pricing at other optical shops in the valley.I have done a lot of "window shopping" for regular eyeglass frames the past 3 months and have looked everywhere from Costco to shops at The Venetian and have priced frames ranging from $30 to $500. I was on the search for a funky, unique pair of frames...anything but your standard tortoise shell. Several pairs at The Optic Gallery were so unique that I up making a purchase! Can't wait to pick up my new gold glitter cat eye frames that didn't break the bank!!
5	Dr. Perez fixed the issue with my glasses! I was content with the outcome and thankful for his willingness to fix the problem. Unfortunately, after only having the glasses for less than a month after it was corrected I managed to lose them at the golf course last week which wasn't typical of me so to punish myself I will not be getting a pair anytime soon. Although Mona offered a discount for a new pair, which was really nice of her, I declined. I will most probably go back to them when I finish saving up for new ones. Thank you!
