5	Hot subs, hot sauces, million mix a match Coke machine, and friendly service with a smile and eye contact.  Wow, like this place for sure.  Nice simple menu to keep things going, good choices though, including a hot veggie sandwich.Located on SE corner of 67th ave. & the 101 next to ACE Hardware.  Can't miss it.
5	Awesome subs, the bread was fresh and tasty. The staff is very friendly. My kids don't eat sandwiches and tried them and loved them. They gave my kids a fire hat which they were really excited about. Friendly greeting when you arrived and a big "Thank You" when you leave. Would definitely go back again.
5	Firehouse subs...  If you have not tried it your missing out. "DELICIOUS"  Food taste great, service is great, prices are great.Awarded Analynn's :)
5	Wow! Is all I can say about this sub shop. I just ate a Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket for lunch. 1st visit to this place by the way. The only complaint I can make is to myself for not getting the bigger sub. This sub was Saweeeet! The meat was cooked just right. The cheese was melted perfectly. The sauce  Mmm Mmm Mmm good! The fountain drink dispenser was a first for me too. Coca Cola exterior with a Touch Screen beverage selection, too cool. I will be going back to try a few other subs this place has to offer, but one can't go wrong with the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket.....Scrumptious!
5	We rolled in tonight at 9pm and everyone in this place greeted me!  They asked if I'd ever been to a Firehouse Subs - I replied NO - and they told me about how they do things differently.  I wasn't in the mood for a sub (I came with friends) so I got a bowl of CHILI.  It was fairly standard but good.  They added some cheese and chopped up some onions and put that in too.  I was very pleased.  And once again let me say - the people were very friendly and welcoming.  I'll be coming back soon.
3	I was really surprised when I saw that so far, no one else has had the problems that I've had while going to firehouse. I've been there probably 4 times. I get the same sub every time. There's usually like, 8 people working. The first time I went, everyone greeted me when I walked in, but they seemed bored. Zombie-fied. Like they were automatically programmed to say "Welcome to Firehouse" whenever the door opened. The first time I went, there was a group of employees talking to a girl who seemed to be cleaning on the other side of the line. They asked her what time she got off. She said, "Nine." Well, when I got out of my care (parked right outside) my clock said 8:45ish. They asked her if she wanted to take a 10 minutes break. But...that didn't make sense, she gets off at nine...I guess it just seemed a little to...overstaffed. The feeling of having so many employees seems so lackadaisical when reflected onto the customer. I will admit that an employ has never been rude, or made me feel awkward, and that's a huge plus. Whenever I go, their drink machine is ALWAYS out of whatever flavored syrup I want to try. That have a cool machine that can make like, 300+ flavors or something. But whenever I get in line to get a combo I hear someone at the fountain going "Oh, they're out of syrup" "It's mostly water today." "Very watery, wonder if they're running low on supplies." I don't think they serve any cold sandwiches on purpose--but I normally get either a steak or a chicken sandwich. Even though they're supposed to be warm, and there are like, 95320483209420394823 people on staff to get the job done, my sandwich is almost always either lukewarm or just barely warm. I don't want my sandwich to be mouth burning hot, but you know...I don't think I could change a mood ring's color with these sandwiches sometimes. For that amount of people to be on a line, working on sandwiches all day every day, I expect them to be a certain tempurature--no, they can't determine what every customer's preference is. But you CAN wait for the sandwich to cool off. You CAN'T make the sandwich warmer, unless you're going home and are planning to put it in the microwave (can't do if you're on your lunch break, for most people.) Personally, I feel like their 8 inch subs are a little teensy bit over priced for the lukewarm product I get at the end. I feel like I could get a perfectly warm sandwich at subway for probably a little bit less (footlong). But their bread trumps Subway's and Quizno's any day. It's a heavy competitor for JJ's. But that's no reason to raise the price a whole dollar and a half and then some. TL;DR I like the place, but I feel like they're a little overstaffed and have some tiny kinks they need to work out. Including tweaks in pricing.
5	We LOVE this place!  The employees have managed to find that perfect balance- they're helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  The sandwiches are BEYOND delicious!  The bread is excellent, the variety is outstanding, and their hot sauce bar is brilliant!  We live less than a mile from Firehouse, so we'll be back!
3	The sub contents were good but the. Bread they use is very average!
4	Firehouse Subs is one of the best sub places around, in my humble opinion. We miss them from when we lived in South Florida. We found this Firehouse Subs just as good and consistent as back in Florida.First of all, their meatball subs are like a work of art. It's not often that I have seen such a beautiful, mouth-watering meatball sandwich - I'm not exaggerating about that either. I came back to Firehouse Subs and got another one the other day and it was like reuniting with that one girl; you know, that one from college you never told your parents about... aww yeah, what memories.Their other sandwiches, while not being as visually stunning as the meatball, have their appealing idiosyncrasies. Sort of like that other girls from college - all kinds of varieties with their own appeal in one way or another.  Some were "fiery hot" while other were more sophisticated and refined. This is a great place for a sub sandwich!  They food is very tasty, service is fast and friendly and they are conveniently located just south of the 101Hwy on 67th Ave.  I hope to see you there.
4	I went to this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago. It's new and clean and of course it's got 'firemen' parafanalia all over. The staff was friendly and attentive. It had some interesting combinations and my food came out pretty quick. I enjoyed it and 1/2 a sandwich was just right for me. It was pretty much the same price as JerseyMike's but with more creative menu choices.  Let's just say this;  "It ain't Vita Mia's on Harrison Avenue in Garfield"..... but you're not going to get better on the westside.  I give the Firehouse subs  a good solid 7 out of 10  Pepperoncini's.
4	I had been wanting to check this place out but couldn't get myself in the door even though I live around the corner. Then I found out they have the best birthday deal in town and picked up a free birthday sub. It was full sized, didn't require an additional order, and didn't demand my signature promising my first born to be greeted into the world with a sub and fire hat so I was both shocked and pleasantly surprised. I ordered the hook and ladder because it appeared the one most advertised. It has turkey, ham, and montery jack cheese. The boyfriend stole a bite and liked it as did I. I am personally partial to feeling healthy with a vegged out raw food "healthy tasting" fare but for a birthday caloric splurge after a nice run, I am a fan. Tip: I would order ahead online during rush times, I felt like I waited about 15 minutes for my sub and eyed the people that ordered ahead enviously. I practically pounced on the sandwich when I saw the reciept before the lady even called for it which is why I should be (but sadly am not) too embarrassed to come back.I should also warn that I raised my star rating to a 4 because it was an awesome birthday deal, I liked the fireman ambience, and I like the cool soda/hotsauce trend. The sandwich itselt was just a little average.
4	Am ashamed to say I have filled up my punch card, twice.  Usually get the Hook and Ladder.  But the main reason I keep going back...the magical Coke machine of Awesomeness.
1	If you like sugar and bread combined then this is your kind of place.    Stopped in for lunch recently with my husband since we were craving a good sub sandwich and was hoping Firehouse would deliver.  In my opinion it failed miserably.   I ordered the "Firehouse Hero Sub" which includes smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, roast beef, melted provolone.  Hubby had the "New York Steamer" which includes corned beef brisket, pastrami, melted provolone.     We ordered both subs "fully involved" which includes mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a dill spear on the side.    When my sub was delivered they forgot the mustard.    The sub looked good but that's where it ended.   The quality of the meats was just terrible.   The Virginia honey ham was so sweet I thought I was going into glucose overload.   That's all I could taste of the sub.  SUGAR!!   Granted a honey ham can be a little on the sweet side but not like this.   Husband's sub had no flavor.   Simply poor quality meats all the way around.   You can get a better sub at Fry's or Basha's using the Boars Head meats.   I would not recommend this place.
4	Decided on this instead of the regular Jimmy Johns.  First time visit and decided on the meatball sub.  The sub was good and not soggy like most places meatball subs.  Will try a different sandwich next time.
4	Have since tried almost all the subs on the menu... This is still my go-to place for a toasted sub!  Size of the sub is great and they make sure you will not be left hungry.
5	You will never have a better sub then eating a sub at Firehouse
4	What great hot subs! The barbecue sauce they make is fantastic and oh how I love all the hot sauces they have!!
5	I just ate here with my bud who recommend it from back east in Virginia.  I ended up getting the toasted "engineer sub" with the turkey and sauteed mushrooms and to say the least...IT WAS deeeeelicious!  My other 2 friends LOVED theirs as well. Another thing I thought was cool was their coke machine...its like those crazy coke machines in Japan with a touch screen with a bazillion flavors, pretty neat.  I've had a lot of sub places in the valley and this place is definitely my fav. Their other menu items looks scrumptious and so ill be back for more.  Gets my 5 stars.
3	Firehouse!! Good subs
4	Food was good. Would definitely go back, and try some of their other sandwiches. Pretty cool that I live close too.
4	I ordered the turkey bacon ranch, the #4 but I prefer it without the bacon.  This sandwich was heaven and the mix of ranch turkey and cheddar was just perfect....I took off the bacon but added jalepenio.  This place is hidden near the ACE hardware behind the Paradise Bakery and other business's in this strip mall.  Super clean and casual inside, they have a cool self serve soda machine that has been popping up in upscale fast food places.  You order at the counter and they are very friendly here.  They bring your food to your table and thats it, simple, good, and filling.
3	Not impressed for almost $10!!! Sandwich at sprouts market is better for $3.00!!..the place is super clean,friendly staff..just a so-so sandwich..i threw my punch card away..i wont be back..
3	The sub was amazing and if I would have had just that I would have given 5 stars but I also got a salad to share with my daughter and it was brown and disgusting. We asked for a new one and that one was brown as well. So stick to subs at this place!
4	Yummy Subs and cool drink dispenser!
4	This is a great alternative to your "regular" sub sandwiches if you're in the mood for something else. My favorite is the roast beef. It can get a little busy in here around lunch time so I always get mine to go in case there isn't available seating. I'd recommend any to try it at least once, though I've been back here a few times!
4	Loved the subs.Hated the soda machine. 100+ choices, that I can live with. On person using it at a time with a big line while everyone is trying to decide? no, thank you. I just wanted ice for iced tea and still I had to stay in line. I didn't see any other ice machine, so an additional one would be a good idea if they don't have it.I had the New York sub, on wheat, added mushrooms... delicious. I am not a big fan of subs but I guess I will be back : )We ordered online so it was ready when we got there.I didn't know of this place until today, turns out there are a few in the Phoenix area.
4	Clean, polite (even when nearly closed) staff, and FAR larger portions than expected.  Definitely a fan of the franchise now.
4	Love their specialty subs, ESPECIALLY the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket *drools* its by far my favorite. Also like the New York Steamer (corned beef) and steak and cheese, chicken salad, tuna salad, and turkey, but often times I find myself ordering the smokehouse. The beef isn't like thick slices of brisket, its more like thinly sliced deli meat but they still pack a lot in each sandwich so you're not getting gypped. It's smothered in their delicious bbq sauce and melted cheddar and served hot. They also do catering as well and we recently ordered from them for a meeting on Midwestern University's campus. After having a less than satisfactory experience with Which Wich's catering, I was a little nervous about ordering from another sandwich place, but Firehouse went above and beyond. The catering package I ordered came with a gallon of iced tea which was forgotten with the initial delivery. I believe it was the manager delivering the order, and he not only went back to bring us the iced tea but also brought some coupon books as a courtesy. The catering order came with all the fixings like 2 different kinds of dressing, condiments, and veggies. Will probably cater from them again, and definitely will be returning for the smokehouse!
4	The best sandwiches in Arrowhead.They are always so nice and the specialty subs- e.g. Smokehouse beef, are always fresh, good ingredients. Sliced well and the bread tastes good too. Large portions.
5	The Italian sub and meatball sub is to die for. I love the huge selection of coke flavored in the coke machine. Great place I go there every Sunday.
5	I just moved here from Texas and I'm so glad that there's a firehouse near me! This is my favorite place to get a sub hands down. The meats are fresh and the bread is delicious. I will say that the staff was less than.. High school aged kids who looked miserable and completely gave us the impression they couldn't wait for us to leave (even though it was 45 minutes before closing.) that would be my only complaint.. Definitely not bad enough to keep me away from this place!!
4	Date of Service: 4/27/2014: Love this location! I went at lunch time on Sunday to get some subs for take-out. They were so busy (and loud but again, it was packed!) but it's worth the wait! I have food allergies and they were so accommodating and actually got my order correct! Both our subs were delicious and we will be back! We're from the East Coast where these are all over so it's nice to have a little piece of home out here.
5	This place is the absolute best for subs. I've never had a better sub from anywhere else. It's a shame I'm moving to Seattle, Wa where there are no locations close by. I'm going to miss my weekly Saturday night fix.
4	Love this place! I have had the brisket, the beef and cheddar, and the pulled pork. All of them were so good that I thought about them the next day. I wish they had one closer to my house. I also love supporting firefighters and rounding up to donate to their charity. Thank you for serving good food!
5	This is the best place for subs! The ingredients are always fresh and the portions are great. I've had a variety of subs and have never been disappointed! The staff is super friendly and fast. Great atmosphere, great people, great food. Definitely a win.
4	Great place! CleanGood serviceFresh rollsGood pricesFast serviceGreat selectionIt was busy on a Saturday. Had plenty of people Woking. Line moved fast with three cashiers. Food came out quickly!Had the Turkey Salsa Verde sub. The sliced Turkey was THE tenderest, moistest turkey I've ever had on a sandwich. The bread was fresh and delicious! Will be back!
5	AwesomeSubs!!! Hands down BEST subs - period. The Hot Italian is mouth watering. Generous meat portions like you would make at home. Clean Fireman Theme Restaurant, Fresh Delicious Food, Fast Service, Mega-Selection Coke Machine (Powerade Zero!!!!!). This is the ONLY place to get a sub PERIOD!!
2	We ordered lunch online for pick up and doing so got us in and out in a flash.  Unfortunately,  neither my husband or I was happy with our subs. I ordered a hot Turkey and bacon sub with peppercorn Ranch dressing.  My sub was drowning in the peppercorn Ranch which caused the sub roll to be extremely soggy.  I requested the bacon to be extra crispy but the bacon was so thin and fatty I had to take it off.  My husband got a meatball sub. The meatballs were bland and they put on so much sauce that his sub roll was extremely soggy also.  We will not be eating here again.
3	The food here is pretty good. The ingredients seem fresh. I would probably compare them to Quiznos (maybe a little better).The service is average. The prices are a little higher than normal.I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back. Just an average sub shop.
5	Had lunch here for the first time a couple of days ago. We will return. Prices are fair and the sandwich was definitely yummy.  The place is spotless and the staff is helpful and friendly.  We each had the veggie sub and I would recommend it to everyone. One tip.  The large sub is huge. Order one large sandwich and split it.  Even a half sandwich is plenty. By yourself?  Order a small sub.  You will not be hungry when you leave.
