4	I have mixed feelings about this place. Had a couple of sketchy experiences a couple of years ago - nothing bad, just a lingering feeling of disappointment - however, the past few times we have dropped by I have been very satisfied with our food and experience.I generally order one thing there - poached eggs on toast and they are pretty well done. In fact they do their eggs beautifully and runny with no hint of fluffliness and so for a fickle egg loather/lover like me they are great as that is just how I like them.Maybe don't go out of your way to eat here, but if you are in the neighbourhood it's a solid find.
5	I was quite lucky in that I lived opposite Cafe Grande last year, but I was not so lucky as I didn't even know it was there! When I finally made it into the cafe it was towards the end of my time in Bruntsfield, I wish I had known about it sooner.The menu is great! Every option is mouth-watering and yummy. Their paninis are great, the bread they use always tastes fresh and tastes healthy (even if dripping in cheese). My brother said his chicken Balmoral was a bit dry, but the cheesecake was amazing.Furthermore, they have live jazz every weekend. They have a big board with all the details of their sessions and they are always busy. It's a great wee cafe!
4	This great little cafe is a real find in the heart of Bruntsfield.  I've been here only once, but really enjoyed it.  I had a piece of cake and a glass of lemonade, and it was very pleasant.  They certainly have a great range of food and drink -  I was particularly taken with their cake cabinet, which displayed the range of cakes in all their glory.  For someone like me that loves cake, this was great.I'm interested to see that previous reviews speak of occasionally ropey experiences of this place.  My first impression was a very good one, and I think I'd need to visit a few more times to form a solid opinion.
4	Cafe Grande is a bit of a Bruntsfield institution, having been around the block more than a lot of cafes, and lasted the distance. Their tried and tested formula of laid back eating and drinking, combined with a high quality of edible offerings, and a mix of local regulars, yummy mums (need to find a new way to say this, not keen on this expression for some reason) and of course, students, who are a continual feature of most decent cafes.Cafe Grande does that thing that I sometimes think is hard to attain with cafes, where there's a good cross over from day time establishment, to evening hang out. Some cafes get it really wrong, and end up looking more like a school canteen with the lights turned off, but with the ever helpful aid of candle light, Cafe Grande sets itself up nicely as a night time venue, with a simple, but tasty menu to match. It feels very European here at times, with the bustle, look and feel of the place, although if you're planning on arriving at a peak eating or drinking time, get here early, because space can be tight.
4	Cafe Grande was the first cafe I ever went to when I first came to Edinburgh. I went with my mum because we were staying in a B&B somewhere near Bruntsfield, and hadn't quite got our bearings on the city yet, so just stumbled into the first coffee-serving establishment we found. And we weren't at all disappointed. My favourite thing about it was the cake. I'm a total sucker for cheesecake. And they had really delicious cheesecake. I also remember eating some sort of sea food there. Maybe prawns, that were deliciously lemony. But it was a while ago. I've been back recently with a friend of mine and had thai fishcakes and was again not disappointed at all. I hear their milkshakes are a bit of let down, but I'm more of a coffee-drinker, so I don't really mind. The inside's tiny but homely and the service is generally quite prompt, though I think that reviewing service is never completely reliable as people come and go, and every person reacts differently to pressure.
4	Good "local" for breakfasts and brunches. Staff friendly and accommodating. Wasn't so busy on the last visit so easier to get a table than it used to be.
3	Not bad, not great, but not bad. I stopped by here for a spot of Sunday brunch with a good friend. I walked past many tasty looking cafes to get here, so had high hopes that it would be top notch.Inside, it's all dark wood, rickety furniture and it has charm. It was busy, so it must be popular. The menu wasn't hugely extensive and felt like it hadn't been updated in a good 5 years or so. This isn't necesarily a bad thing. But when I saw the 'full breakfasts' being brought to other tables they reminded me more of traditional Scottish greasy-spoon fare than the best of the best brunch standards. So, I went for the Eggs Benedict.Brunch, espeically after a hard night partying with some of the best Yelpers in town the night before, is sacred to me. It should soothe your hungry tummy, calm your slightly sore head, and warm the cockles of your soul. The eggs benedict were nice enough but quite bland. And they weren't served with bacon, they were served with wafer-thin slices of smoked ham. A bit of a disappointment.Also, it didn't help that we were sitting near-ish the front door, and once or twice a waitress stood holding it open when talking to customers, lettings all the freezing cold air in, and cooling down my eggs a lot. The result was one tasty egg, and one very cold egg. Humpf.The cakes in the cake stand looked very nice. And I've heard there is a great jazz night here, which I must investigate.But compared to other places I've eaten brunch in, this was very average. Although I must give a shout out to the waitresses who were all very friendly and efficient, and really had their eye on every table ensuring we weren't kept waiting. If it hadn't been for the cold door = cold egg scenario, maybe I would have been happier.
3	During my Bruntsfield years this place was bit of a god send for recovery food.Pancakes, bacon & maple syrup = winnerNachos = obviously a winnerMeal of the day= hot or miss but more hit than missAdd to that a virgin mary and a pot of earl grey and I was well on way to being back in the world of the living. If I was going to criticise this place its that the staff can be a bit snippy at weekends as they are clearly run off their feet and have no space to move.They fairly cram in the tables and if the mothers and babies brigade are in avoid at all costs! The noise is bloody awful!Overall though its a main stay as Cheryl says of the area and always a safe bet in global times of uncertainity in a beleguered world of poverty and war.....! But really its nae bad!Jd = happy man!
3	I went here today feeling a bit meh. I was going to meet some clients, and they had chosen it - and I kept thinking of all the other groovy places in the area that we could have gone to instead. Cafe Grande just seems a bit old school, and the menu was all burgers and paninis...But, in fact, i did have a pretty good lunch. The fishcake was small but tasty, with chips and a little salad - and the cheeseplate afterwards was good, with a choice of Scottish cheeses. Various desserts round the table looked decent too - the banoffee pie got a rave review.Other lunch choices weren't quite as good - the soup and sandwich in particular seemed a bit dull and "like something you'd make at home", while the beanburger arrived looking forlorn on a plain bun.So - a nice enough lunch if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
3	Popped in for breakfast having been in for an evening meal a few times. Always a safe bet when my imagination or energy to walk further afield is running low. Scrambled eggs with salmon not too shabby and the coffees hot. It's always pretty busy, though I get the feeling that an empty cafe in Bruntsfield would have to be truly awful.
3	I came here for pre festival meal. My green Thai curry was delicious, the fruit crumble was pretty average though. Add a glass of Rose and the whole meal came to about 18 quid. Umm, to be honest I've had better meals.....
3	I've had lunch in Cafe Grande and its been ok. Not wow, not bad but ok.What it does wow me with is the cheesecake. Specifically multiple varieties of gluten free cheesecake! No one sells gluten free cheesecake. At least no one did till I ended up at Cafe Grande whilst I was flat hunting.  Last time I had white chocolate and raspberry and it was lovely - creamy, not too overpowering and lovely scrumptious raspberries and sauce. The Banoffee Pie rocks too - lovely banana, caramelly goodness! Just don't put it in the fridge if you take it away as the base goes pretty hard (its gf biscuit base remember!). I love having a choice and there I've yet to try the baileys cheesecake but its on the list! Service is good. It can be busy so it can be hard to get a seat at times but I sometimes just go to get my goodies to take out. So, I like Cafe Grande - I love it for the cheesecake and I'm quite tempted to see how it fairs for dinner one night :-)
3	This spot's pleasant enough; as a few here have said, it's far from mind-meltingly fabulous, but it must be doing something right to remain so busy (as it was) when there are so many other cafes and bars in the area.I think they must have finally updated the menu since Jenny L's review because one can now choose to have one's Eggs Benedict with spinach, ham, bacon or - for a wee bit extra - smoked salmon. My friend and I went for the classic and we were both delighted with the result. The muffin was toasted just enough to make it crispy without spoiling the fluffiness and the eggs were wonderfully hot (although so was the plate: yowchio! Warn me next time, please, waitress... I didn't spot your gloves until too late!)But - oh dear, Cafe Grande - there goes a star. There was no drinks menu in sight so we're still not entirely sure if a range of teas was available. The tea, once ordered, took a goodly while to arrive and we had to ask for extra sugar when it did, since there was only one sachet each. And - whoops - another. It's not a small place as such, but it feels a bit like they've tried to fit too many people in and so it's kind of cramped. I had to press myself in against the counter while paying so that people could get past and the lady on the till barely said a word to me and swapped over with someone else halfway through taking my payment! Pretty rude, I thought...So, nice enough for an impromptu brunch with a friend but not somewhere I'd necessarily make plans to go to.
