5	Dr. Khayami is by far the BEST chiropractor I have ever seen! He is so kind, PROFESSIONAL, understanding and amazing. He really makes you feel like he CARES about you and I have had the privilege of being a patient of his for a while now and it just keeps getting better! He is an HONEST man and he treats the cause of the problem not just the symptoms and he will always customize his treatments for you depending on what is happening that day. I wish there was an option to give him 10 stars because he truly deserves it. I would highly recommend Dr. A to anyone looking for an AMAZING and affordable chiropractor!!
5	Dr. Khayami is a great Doctor of chiropratic and knows his stuff. He has a traction table that he uses during adjustments, which is rare, and awesome. Adjustments are done in a controlled and precise manner, and feel very safe. Dr. Khayami is passionate about what he does and takes time to educate you. He discusses where you are now, what you want for yourself, and how he can assist you in getting there. Treatments are effective and feel very personalized and genuine.He has helped me reduce the scoliosis in my thoracic spine and reduced the "finickiness" of my lumbar spine. Whenever I hurt myself or feel like my body is out of alignment I call Dr. Khayami and he can usually see me within 24 hours and puts me back into place!The office atmosphere is casual and fun. Dr. Khayami is very respectful of his client's time. In the 30 or more visits I've had, my average wait time has been maybe 2 minutes. There may have been 1 time I had to wait for 10 minutes.Highly recommended.
5	Walked in and asked if they were accepting new patients. Yes! Received two coupons online for myself and my partner for an initial exam, x-rays, and adjustment for just $45. Dr. Khayami saw us both together, was very appreciative and humble. He explained wha he was going to do before he did it and asked throughout the treatment of we were comfortable or not.  He didn't try to sell us a package or give us the pressure treatment. He was very friendly, polite, and considerate. His table is awesome, I've had years of chiropractic care and haven't had anyone use something like it.  My partner really liked it and I did too. We have decided yo go back, and will probably do so again and again.  Thanks!
5	Jennifer was amazing! Really needed my back worked on and she conquered this knotted back! I can't wait to go back and see her!First time massage is $30 for one hour...amazing!
4	Dr. Khayami is fantastic. He is thorough and really wants the best results. The massage therapist is great and makes you feel relaxed with a massage prior to your adjustment. Went there with a neck problem and have really seen results.
5	I found this place on yelp and believe me, if you didn't know about them, you wouldn't just stumble upon them. They are in a plaza across from Basha's on Indian School with no major signage and next to a Dentist office - semi hard to find unless you know what you're looking for.I've always had back pain, it comes and it goes and it comes again. This time it was BAD and I had an awful headache because my lower back was so tight- pain was offset due to a foot injury but that's another Story. Made a same day appointment for a Massage with Jennifer and to see Dr.K after.First of all- Dr.K is so professional and extremely thorough. He walks you through the diagnosis and works on your back while explaining everything to you step by step and making sure you are comfortable. I really appreciated his professionalism.Jennifer is AMAZING. I'm not kidding about the pain I was in when I went into that office. She worked my back and it hurt in the best way. Her massage price is very reasonable, it is absolutely worth it -$30 for an hour massage. Go here, your back will thank you later.
