4	I've been looking for a great Vietnamese Restaurant on the west side and I believe I found it. Like others, it is a hole in a wall, but the difference is that that place is always busy. Great tasting Pho and spring rolls, The rest of the menu items look great too! Try it out, you wont be disappointed.I feel a little rushed sometimes when I go in there, but it's definitely worth it.
5	Wow, really fellow Yelpers?  Why not more reviews for this wonderful restaurant??   Well, all I can say is many of you must really be missing out because this place rocks!!First off, you know this place is good and authentic because every time you go in there are plenty of Vietnamese people enjoying their wonderful traditional Vietnamese offerings.  If you never have had Vietnamese food before, it is exceptionally flavorful, french inspired, light, clean Asian cuisine that couldn't stand out more from Chinese food and Thai food throughout the valley.  Vietnamese food is truly a refined cuisine and this place hits every mark.  I have lived in the bay area for many years, a place which has excellent Vietnamese food and many Vietnamese people, and let me tell you this place does not disappoint.  Very clean, fresh, well prepared, delightful food.  Awesome pho, great noodle dishes, rice dishes, and amazing spring rolls.  The BBQ pork is a must try an in my opinion the flavor rivals traditional American style BBQ in deliciousness.  I have not tried the Vietnamese style sandwiches yet, but I assume they are great.  This place is AMAZINGLY LOW PRICED as well!  Like I'm talking $5.50 for a huge plate with shrimp, assorted seafood, and pork chicken or beef, low priced.  Really the value here is unbeatable.  Be sure to order a Thai iced tea to complete the experience.  We are very lucky to have this place here in Phoenix.
4	Best VIET noodle soup in PHX ---Pho Sure!My now estranged Love was sooo inspired by this place that he secretly texted his viet. Xgf that night to rekindle old memories.  Guess he was inspired by the cheap prices and the hole in the wall decor.
5	Really good pho! Fast service, got our appetizer right away and pho was soon to follow.
5	Best coffee of any Vietnamese restaurant.  So so so inexpensive!!!  Best sandwiches, best pho, best everything.  It's the quintessential hole in the wall.  Everything is a comforting about the food.  My ideal meal here is an order of spring rolls, barbecue pork sandwich, and hot coffee.  And when we go to pay I always pick up one of those chewy green coconut desserts.  My husband orders pho and I always drink the left over soup.  For about 10 bucks, you feast.
