5	The boyfriend used to live in Vegas. Do you know what this means? This means that the typical vacation to Vegas that results in a trip to the free clinic doesn't apply. In fact, it means we stay here only as long as we need to, and then we get out. So in an attempt to restore some normalcy to my accidental expectations about having a better Vegas-y time, we went to the Stratosphere. My intense fear of heights ruined any enjoyment we could have had, as well as my boyfriend unwilling to stop taunting me. I'll go on record as being a little too honest here and say: this whole scenario ended in tears. Driving around later, he suddenly says, "We're going to see my dad." I freshen up and we go to the Inn Zone, where his dad hangs out a lot and it's like a family to him. I know the feeling--dive bars are the best. It's a bar that allows smoking, and he orders cokes anyway so it's a great way to hang out with his friends. There's gambling, smoking, drinking and having fun--wait...doesn't this sound like the Strip? We ended up playing "miniature golf" on a huge arcade machine for close to three hours, drinking and smoking and having a fantastic time. Everyone was happy. No one was getting stupid. No girl was trying to dry hump the arm of a couch some random guy wearing too much cologne was sitting on. Not one person went outside and puked. It was good, clean, dive bar fun. If I have to come back to Vegas, you had better believe that if someone asks me ideas about what a great place to go is, Inn Zone will be in my list of (very short) answers.
1	The main reason that this place is a shithole is simple: It is University of Michigan fans' bar. It smells like ass and stale cigarettes, walmart employees' body odors, and whores. The bartender a douche too- at least the one who was pretending to be a Wolverine fan so he could get tips. Have I been there before, you ask? Why yes, about three times, but only to antagonize the asshole patrons who go there, and to gloat when U of M loses. GO STATE!
4	Yay I AM a fan, and it was a cool surprise to find a bar dedicated to the Michigan Wolverines on game day today! Nice vibe (albeit smoky at times), a ton of maize & blue regalia and decor including a custom linoleum M lower floor and a wall-to-wall Go Blue shrine. The bartenders play the cowbell intermittently just like in the Big House. Found out that one of the veteran bartenders was singlehandedly responsible for transforming this Inn Zone location into a Michigan hang. The main projection screen could've been a bit brighter, but it didn't matter as we chose to sit at the bar where there were HD flat screens. One cannot choose the bar that their elder fellow alumni decide to hang out at. It doesn't work that way. Traditions are established, and fortunately the Inn Zone is suitably cool with the right amount of dive-y attitude. The place is windowless, but it's clean and the drinks are reasonably priced (Jameson on the rocks for $4) and the bartenders are super friendly. The corner cutout pickup window to the kitchen (which serves finger food and burgers - cash only) reminds me of a cross between two Ann Arbor classics: Backroom Pizza and Blimpy Burger. For the Yelp record: the state universities in Michigan are not created equal. 2.5-3.0GPA students go to Western Michigan, Central Michigan and Michigan State. You need at least a 3.4 to get into the University Of Michigan as long as your SATs are in the 90th percentile. 36% of U of M students come from out-of-state, compared to a measly 9% out-of-state enrollment at Michigan State. No one truly aspires to go to Michigan State, which explains why many Michigan State alumni have a chip on their shoulder. Michigan State has one of the highest acceptance rates of any state university in the country. Not to mention their campus is pretty ugly in a government-building kind of way. Poor Spartans.GO BLUE!
4	Mark this down and as a good ol' fashioned bar.  It has been here forever by Las Vegas Standards!  It is a Michigan sports Bar.It has a few pool tables, a pretty big bar, and some decent bar food.  It is super laid back and just a regular joint.I stopped by there for Happy Hour.  They had buckets of Labatts for practically nothing.  I would say I got a little tipsy... everyone in the club was gettin tipsy...I had some fingers and fries.  Now pay attention - the french fries were so damn tasty.  They had a seasoning on them with parmesan cheese.  It was crazy good.  I know they were just fries, but I would say they could win a fry contest!Probably not the place for the snooty - but a great low key hang out place!
5	Food in here good and yammmmeeee see you Ray I love you food
3	Good bar. Mellow atmosphere. The bartender makes you feel like family. They have great beer pitcher specials. Delicious hot wings and fries. Not what you would expect from what this place looks like on the outside but overall a cool hang out place after work.
5	I love this bar. The bartenders are always extremely nice and the food is delicious. I love their pizza, stromboli, garlic parm fries, and buffalo chicken sandwich is amazing. Pool tables, jukebox, never too crowded. perfect.
5	This is one of the best locals bars on the west side.The story I heard is the manager accepted employment here only because he could convert the bar to a "Michigan-themed establishment."   There is Wolverine and Red Wing paraphernalia all over the place.  The felt on the two pool tables are maize and blue, for crying out loud!The drinks are cheap and most of the customers are regulars.  Almost everyone is very friendly.  Without prompting, the daytime bartender brought me a can of Miller Lite (only $2 folks) on my last visit. He has a pretty good memory and is a really nice guy.  Or maybe I have a drinking problem.  Or both.If you want to be a daytime drunk, there are a lot worse places you could go.  They show "The Price is Right" on one of the TVs each day at 10 AM, with commentary from the regulars.  High comedy. It can get a bit smoky in here, so be warned.I'm going to try and catch a Michigan football game here this fall, and I'm a Michigan State fan.  Think I'll leave the "I Heart Sparty" t-shirt at home.  :)
