5	The Wee Boulangerie is cutely and aptly named - small and perfectly formed. Katia's breads are just gorgeous - the country style loaf had a deliciously light sourdough flavour, and the raisin bread is seriously amazing. Katia recommends the raisin with a strong, sharp Cheddar - and what a perfect match that would be. I had it plain with salted butter and it is fabulously moist, with beautiful fragrance and flavour. Loads of raisins. Utterly gorgeous. We also sampled an artichoke and anchovy fougasse, and a chorizo and cheese fougasse - the strong flavours of the filling matched the Provence-style bread perfectly.I also tried a blueberry tart - so many blueberries, and what IS it about French baking that lends itself to those effortlessly delicious not-too-sweet tartlets? This is beautiful baking!The Wee Boulangerie is a fabulous new business and I wish them every success.
4	The Wee Boulangerie is a little gem in Newington.  Lovely bread, lovely fougasses, croissants and almond croissants that I totally must try! I believe they sell soup too, although I don't tend to be in that part of town around lunch time. Highly recommended and worth a stop if you are in the area.
4	Just passed this place and my wife was going all gooey. So we went in and I was very pleased. I don't generally review bakeries - I buy bread - but here they were so helpful and willing to get  you the bread you deserve. She explained all about the baking process, for example that rye bread is only made late in the week. She also explained every day they taste their latest batch. Their sour dough is really nice and bouncy! - Gosh look at me getting lyrical about bread, but it has to said - they are pretty good as far as bakeries go!
4	what a lovely little place!!  after reading a review on yelp i was desperate to pop by.  however, being in newington this wasn't exactly a place i could just pop by, so happy chance saw me partaking in a run at the meadows this morning allowing me to stop here on my way home.this place is small, really just a takeaway but they have loads on offer!  lots of bread, assorted pastries, coffees, teas, and soup from union of genius.  i had come in mind with one thing though, to get a fougasse.  i opted for the goats cheese and red pepper option and then indulged my sweet side by getting some macaroons.i waited approximately two seconds after i sat down on the bus to try one of the macaroons.  it was like heaven in my mouth!!  sweet and just that slight crunch with the perfect chewy texture all at the same time.  the macaroon was divine and i'm now going to have to stop myself from eating the remaining five i bought before the end of today.i had a bit more patience for the fougasse and waited til i got home.  i heated it up for a few seconds in the microwave since it had cooled during my bus ride home.  after it's quick warming up i took a massive bit of bready, cheesy, peppery goodness!  mmmmmmm!!  it was so delicious and a lovely lunch after a morning run!  my only tiny complaint is that there was a lot of bread and i could have done with just a bit more peppers and cheese in the filling.  but it was seriously yummy and just hit the spot.i'll be back here, especially after i finish off the macaroons!  the food was lovely and the staff were so friendly as well.  it did feel a wee bit pricey, but since my food was so good i'm happy to pay the extra cost.  definitely looking forward to what delights will be on offer next time :)
4	I'm always on the look out for new continental bakeries; as a modern european languages student, I need to act the part! This place is extremely authentic in terms of simple, quality French bread and pastries. The smell that greeted me as I entered the building was absolutely incredible, the staff were friendly, and I knew I had to order something quickly!  Though the bread looked amazing, I ended up getting an almond croissant and a cappuccino. The croissant was fantastic, and the filling tasted homemade, unlike those processed fillings found so often in supermarkets.The only downside to this place is the size: it's really tiny! There are two tables, and I would kind of feel awkward about staying too long and hogging them. That's a shame, because I love buying a coffee and then hanging out to read or study in a place for hours. For this reason, maybe this would be a better place to take away.
4	This was one of those times where I walked out, defiantly, thinking I WILL NOT BE JUDGED. Yet later on, when the SR asked me, where was mine? I had to hang my head in shame. For I, yer honour, I did walk past, and it was like a magnet pulling me in, for I did indeed see me some delightful looking almond croissants. Let me take you back to a time when once I feasted on almond croissants, in the balmy summer of the South of France. I've never tasted anything like those croissants in all my days since I left that town, not that I have ever stopped trying. Every one I have tried has paled in comparison, dry, dusty, overly sweet, not butterly melt in the almondy mouth. I'm not going to lie - The Wee Boulangerie didn't succeed either, but it gave it a damn good try. Where most almond croissants are almond paste basted in the heart of a pastry fold, and carry the body of a normal looking croissant, The Wee Boulangerie was like a Picasso impression, with crispy almond sponge oozing out everywhere. It didn't even really look like a croissant. But it tasted light, not dry, not too sweet, and the crispy light edges made a delightful contrast to the heaviness of the croissant itself. I enjoyed every, single, mouthful. A note as well - I'm on a diet. Almond croissants are pretty much verboten. The SR is on a diet. He is sick with jealousy at my hedonism... I'm going to have to get more to appease him. Thanks The Wee Boulangerie, you destroyed my diet, but in oh so such a beautiful way....
5	One of my favourite favourite bakery so far...There are so many in Edinburgh!!Must tryAlmond croissant -the best almond croissant I've ever hadAnd im not even a croissant fan..read so may reviews raving about it..so gave it a try..and fell in love with it....it crumbles!!!! You will know what I mean when u are having it!!!Fougasse -its so fulfilling when you are hungry..especially if you have it warm ...different fillings everyday and festive ones too..vegetarian ones or meaty ones..all delicious...Their bauguette seems to be really popular too..coz I've seen people not just oncr but a few times coming in for them and its sold out...They also sell soups from Union of genius ...Excellent bread excellent soup...I love this place and  can't get enough of it!!!!
5	I had the most delicious baguette yesterday, Devoured within half an hour of getting home.
5	The BEST bread, especially the sour dough in Edinburgh. The rest of their treats are fabulous also. Coffee is also nice. You can sit in for coffee and a cake, before going home with the other items you purchased! Super! Owner and staff are also welcoming, friendly and professional! Great service, too!
5	Oh, cute! This place is so lovely for a carby weekend treat.We had such delicious croissants and coffee here one weekend and left with big smiles on our faces and a massive loaf of freshly baked sourdough in tow. I only wish that I lived closer so I could try all the different loaves they bake throughout the week, as they had sold out of the famous baguette and many of the other grainy breads by about 1pm. I can totally understand why though!Totally smitten by the overall loveliness of this place and will be making excuses to venture back up Clerk Street soon!
