3	Lots of playground equipment plus LONG slides that I thought were too big for my son (2 & 3/4) but he did just fine.  Although the steps got to be a hurdle for him after 10 or so times (I RAN up myself a couple times and it is a little exhausting!).The reason for less stars . . .I feel like my grandpa when I say this, but there were some teenagers with bikes hanging out in the seating area and one bike kept skidding in the playground area.  Not cool.  There were multiple other groups of teens hanging around - and they stayed out of the way of the families playing at the playground.  There were some kids skateboarding and taping themselves and my son and I watched for a little bit - but they were very respectful, giving me a verbal "all clear" as we were walking to the car.  I'm good with multiple age groups as long as everyone is safe and I feel the bikes between the playground equipment is not safe or smart.  Kids dart around playgrounds and that doesn't mix with skidding bicycles.
4	I don't know how to review a city. I guess I should look at all the superficial things I can see from driving and stopping here periodically. The streets are clean, parks are maintained, things are cool, and people seem nice. My only gripe is that it's so far from everything else!
3	Very nice clean park with awesome little league baseball fields. Bathrooms on sight. Running trail leaves from here and runs along the wash.
5	This is a beautiful Sports Complex for Baseball/Softball/Kickball.I played in a one day Softball tournament in this complex and had a blast.  Although, there is barely any shade anywhere; well it all depends how the sun is shining down but boy did I get a tan!  The bleachers do have tents over them, but the dugouts aren't shadeful.There are a number of fields to play on so this complex is definitely great for tournaments.  There are bleachers for each field so there is also room for your family and friends to come out and watch.  The parking lot is kind of far from some of the fields so its easy to say there isn't central parking.  The snack shack is awesome!  $1.50 for hot dogs?  What a steal!  They have other snacks like chips, muffins, chocolate bars, etc.  Great if you're hungry between games for sure!Their restroom sinks don't work, but the water fountains just outside are there to wash your hands after you pee.  Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (53/365).
1	CLOSED!  AND THE BIG SLIDES REMOVED??Not sure what is going on here, looks to be some renovations I'll be totally bummed if they lose the big slides.
4	Looking around at businesses in the area and the many vacant buildings that exist, I'd say that Henderson has suffered through our current economic downturn more than most.With that being said, this sports complex is up-kept well and very well maintained.  There are a few baseball / softball fields along with plenty of areas for which the kids can play.For a community park, the bathrooms are remarkably clean and stocked well.  The snack bar offers plenty of menu options, all with quite reasonable pricing.My only complaint would be the parking.  Because of the layout and size, it is a bit of a hike from your car to the field. No biggie....I love walking in above 100 degree weather.
5	Open and  better than ever!
4	Nice sports complex for baseball, softball, etc.  My son has his tee ball games and practice here.  There are 9 fields.  1-4 are closer to Santiago and 5-9  are closer to American Pacific.  So if you know what field you are going to you the parking isn't to bad.  There are signs on both roads with arrows to fields.  There is lots of bleachers and some grass areas where you can put chairs or lay a blanket.  They have a snack bar opening during games.  Prices are very inexpensive, everything $3 or under.  There is also a small playground for the kiddos.
5	I've driven past this place a lot when I lived in Green Valley before but never stopped by. Since moving back to the area from Summerlin, I've been exploring all that Green Valley has to offer to help ease my decision on moving back here.I first visited last week to ride the Pittman Wash Trail on my bike as part of the Discover our Trails Scavenger Hunt. This place is ah-mah-zing (as Penny would say from Happy Endings). Lots of ballparks, playgrounds, basketball courts, a BMX bike course and Pittman Wash Trail. This place is definitely on my weekend list moving forward for bike riding and relaxing the work week away. If you haven't ventured this gem before, put it on your to do list. Very nice job, city of Henderson! ;)
5	Horseshoes too! Every Monday night at 7pm for action in the pits.
5	UPDATE . . . reopened!  Complete with the big slides (thank goodness, my boy loves these), a huge bridge between playgrounds and ball fields, a grassy knoll, a big baseball glove, great basketball courts with fencing so the balls no longer fly across the playground and more.  They did some very nice landscaping and the bridge is awesome!  Back to 5 stars for us!
5	Best inner-city park in Clark County.  They have everything there.  Sports fields, play grounds, trails, a wash flowing through the park, and a BMX bike track.  The track was is a lot of fun for the kids.  It isn't too crowded and the varying jumps can accommodate beginners as well as advanced bikers.  Make sure to wear helmets and pads (at least jeans), the surface is unforgiving.
