3	Love coming here in the mornings cause its always quiet...perfect time to shop.
2	Use to love shopping at this location. With new Mgmt & new employees this place has gone down hill. Employees got bad attitudes & not helpful at all. Mgmt doesn't listen & employees take no pride in their work.
2	This place is right next to my gym and so I'll stop by and check it out. I've asked myself why I keep coming back and the only conclusion I can come up with is that I'm a woman and I can shop the hell out of any place. I'm going to start with the parking lot. There's like 3 rows of handicapped parking spots and each row has at least 5 designated handicapped spaces. So we're talking 15 parking spaces dedicated to handicapped parking. THEN they have an additional 4 spots reserved for associates. I do not understand the logic behind giving employees the choice spots. They are going to be there for 8 hours, I'm going to be there for 15 minutes... well 30 once you take into account all the walking I have to do in the parking lot. Once I'm finally in I head straight for the shoes. The shoe department is hit or miss. After shoes I round the corner to housewares and browse through the sale items and the I finish in the unmentionables department which is ALWAYS way over priced. If I do buy anything, guaranteed the line will be long and there will be a lot of eye rolling going on. The staff is meh. The store could benefit from being more organized.
2	Here's my gripe... they send you all these coupons for drastic savings and make you think you are really getting a good deal. That's their business strategy.OK, lets talk men's briefs. I received a 30% off mailer that I planned to buy a four pack of men's briefs with till I saw the regular price marked at $34. That's $23.80... still more than I thought four men's briefs were worth. I then went to Walmart, got the same brand in a five pack for $13.50. I'm not saying there are not some good deals at Kohls but be careful. It looks like they are making up the for the good deals on other merchandise.
1	Took the kids school shopping the other day. Store was cluttered with stuff and not stroller friendly. Waited in the checkout line almost 25 minutes.  Cashiers were allowing people to cut in line . People at registers and on the floor are very unfriendly.  School close shopping in August was worse than shopping at Christmas time.Many customers were complaining store needs to come to some resolution high-volume shopping days or will end up losing customers.
3	The thing about Kohl's is that you HAVE to shop the sales and use coupons.  If you don't, you're not going to get a good price.  That being said, I always take advantage of these things and end up getting toys, books, and decor for very reasonable prices.The selection of toys seems to change pretty regularly which leads me to believe that they turn their inventory quickly and that you're always getting the latest and greatest.Great selection of kitchen tools, bathroom decor, and frames, but again, shop the sales on these items!I haven't shopped for adult clothing in a while, so I can't comment on that, but I've noticed that the children's clothing - even on sale - is a bit more expensive than what you can get it for elsewhere.  You've gotta wait until it goes on clearance or use a coupon that you can stack on top of the sales prices to get a deal.
5	Awesome store and friendly people.  Sales are amazing and friendly returns. Love love this store!
1	Bad costumer service! I'm walking around for 15 minutes trying to find a shopping cart to put my little one in, and they are nowhere to be found, I finally ask one of the cashiers where I can find any and she was rude and said " we don't have anymore, or they are scattered everywhere" first of all as I was walking around I didn't see any and second I probably saw 7 carts total that people were using, so if that's the case they need to get more carts or have there extra employee just walking around start gathering them up...so frustrated! And it's not even busy!
