5	Great Food Funky AtmosphereFriendly Servers
3	The Funky Food Shack is a cute place in a part of downtown I never really visit.I love the atmosphere, it's just funky and eclectic enough without being overpowering.  I especially like the outdoor area and can't wait to hang out there with dogs and friends once the heat dies down.I was a little disappointed with the food on our first visit... nothing at all wrong with it, but it just seemed a little basic.  The menu has a selection of sandwiches with fun names, but a lack of side dishes (basic potato or macaroni salad), interesting drinks, or anything out of the ordinary left me wanting more.  Our sandwiches were fine, but didn't stand out above or beyond anything I ate at home as a kid.What I would love to see is for the Funky Food Shack to become a brunch spot (among other specialties... drinks in the front or back yard would be awesome if they had a liquor license).  The outside atmosphere comes close to matching what Local Breeze used to offer, and I could see myself there every week or so if they put some effort into a great brunch menu.I'm not sure when they opened as the place seems pretty new.  The woman who took our money, presumably the owner, seemed to have an interest in improving.  I look forward to going back!
5	We have been several times and both service and food are second to none! Great lunch spot!
4	I will most definitely be going back to this neat little spot.  I actually feel bad that they don't have a better location for themselves as I think they would do well in a more retail oriented area.  Regardless, they have a interesting menu (I had their Sonoran Dog which was tasty) and friendly owners/staff, and a nice establishment inside and in the front (the back area where there is parking is a little rough).
5	I LOVED my BomDomWich!  Was absolutly yummy :)  Can't wait to try more FUNKY FOOD-pizza is next!  Would definatly take the time to stop in - your tummy will leave happy :)  :)
4	Went here for lunch today and enjoyed it a lot! As other's have mentioned, the area isn't that great and the parking in the back seems a bit shady (i.e. I wouldn't want to be there after dark, alone) but during the day it was fine. Walking from the behind parking, I appreciated the signs leading you to the entrance. So many places don't do that! It was an interesting walk with lots of salvage yard items laying around. I noticed a sign that said 10% off with a check but didn't see anything with price tags so not too sure if items were sale...even though it seemed to me just a lot of scrap stuff. The house was quirky and cute on the inside with plenty of tables and lots of mismatched chairs and knickknacks on the shelves. I didn't notice any paint smell as Jason L reported in July so that was good! We were greeted as soon as we walked in and got to pick where we sat. We ordered some ice waters since it was so hot!!! and thankfully it was clean tasting filtered water (something so important in Phoenix!) in some mason jars. All the sandwiches sounded great but ultimately I decided on the turkey sandwich with their funky sauce, lettuce, tomato, jalepeno and avocado since she said it was their most popular. My fiance got the Thanksgiving sandwich. I ordered a side of the pesto macaroni salad and he got the fruit with chili. All of the food was really good! I enjoyed my sandwich a lot and liked the extra flavor from the sauce. Both breads were really good and soft and the stuffing on the Turkey Thanksgiving was really good. As Andrew V mentioned that it didn't taste any different than what he had as a kid. Man, he must have had good sandwiches as a kid! :) If you want uninspired sandwiches, try Lady Bug house of sandwiches. Now that was a sandwich I could have made at home! I thought there were several sandwiches that sounded really good with unique flavors that I would have never thought of. PB, Bacon and Bananas? I may have to try that one next time!Our waitress was really friendly and said they had been open for 5 months. When we got our bill for $15 I didn't even use the 10% off for checking in on Yelp. I thought they deserved the $1.50! Overall, I'd love to come back and try more of their sandwiches! Score downtown with another place for a good lunch!
5	This is my new favorite sandwich shop! My wife and I ordered the BomdDomWIch and  The KnockKnock, respectively, and both were spectacular. The ingredients were fresh, the bread was the perfect mix of soft with a little bit of a crust, and the funky sauce was delicious.In addition, the owner is fantastic and it was apparent that she truly loves what she does and cares about providing exceptional food and service. We're absolutely sold on the Funky Food Shack and can't wait to go back again and again until we've tried everything on the menu and I highly recommend that you do the same!
5	Amazing little hang out!
