4	This is a quaint little deli with phenomenal sandwiches. The staff is friendly, the sandwiches are tasty, and the price is right!
3	This cute little convenience store/deli is a great place to grab a sandwich or six-pack when you're on the run. Unfortunately, the deli counter isn't always open and the pre-made sandwiches aren't quite as good as the fresh ones. I recommend the turkey, tuna salad or chicken salad sandwiches.
3	I walked in here today while running errands on South. It's such a cute little store--I had to. Seriously, it's cute: a tiny little shop standing alone amidst strip malls and off the highway. It's like out of a movie in a weird way. It's pretty nondescript otherwise: just your normal, run of the mill convenience store. Decent drink selection and lots of beer, which is nice. Some decent deli stuff, too, including fresh sandwiches. Also, it's much cheaper than a similar shop at like Circle K, so be sure to check it out.
4	Great deli sandwiches!
4	I'll preface by saying this place is a little ghetto and there is not really any seating options.  However, the sandwich selection is great.  Tons of vegetarian options and some other good combinations.  The bread comes from some organic or natural bakery that I can't remember the name of but we had seen at the farmer's market earlier that day.  They also have a bunch of drink and beer options if you are stopping by on the way somewhere.  I'd pick over subway any day!
4	This the coolest, teeny-tiny local deli. It's been around for years. Very fresh sandwiches on local bread - lots of vegetarian options. The staff could not be nicer. We just moved into the neighborhood and plan to frequent it a lot.Note, they have odd hours.
3	I'm the kind of jerk that's always subbing stuff. Can you add pickles? No mayo please. Sub tomato for ham? Do you have rye bread? Can you add jalapenos? How about hot sauce? Got a toaster back there? ;DBut the selection of sammich combos at LM is so diverse that it goes right on by the BLTs and Grilled Cheese and starts getting "weird" (which is where my tummy starts grumbling) and I don't need to be that person. Which makes me feel good. Until I get a sammich somewhere else.Eggs fried with curry powder, on sourdough, with pickles and mustard, and sprouts. Awesomely London but light. I love this sammich. It is named something that starts with G.Veggies can roll with relative ease here, if you're a hummus, egg, egg salad or cheese type. Vegans might struggle a bit, but there looked to be possibilities. I'd love to see tofu make it onto the menu, but hey. There is a breakfast burrito here, and it's 5 bucks. I can't explain why I didn't order it, but I soon will. There's a ton of nooks and crannies, some full, some not. OMB and growlers from an Asheville brewery are often available. Dingy-chic. Like Common Market without the Kombucha and tchotchkes. I like.
4	Love the selection of sandwiches they offer at Laurel Market! I'm cutting down on my meat intake and it's a nice to see place that offers not one or two menu items that are veggie but more like over 15 different items--woo hoo. My only gripe is they close the deli a bit early and how I crave Chik Fil A every Sunday, I want Laurel Market around 6 or 7P knowing the deli closes at 3P. A bit pricier sandwiches but I'd rather see my money go towards a locally owned business than some chain place.
4	It's true, I live right around the corner and have only been to Laurel Market once.THAT SAID, I got a truly delicious breakfast burrito there once, on my way out to Charlotte Douglas Int'l for an early morning flight, and one of these days I'm going to need to go back and order something yummy and equally delicious.Their selection of veggies sandwiches is great.One star off for how long it took them to make my bk burrito (like, 10 minutes, and I was an impatient little jerk in a hurry), but I look forward to visiting again.
4	The Laurel Market rocks!  Lunch today was the Lulu, a hummus tabouleh,nice simple, fresh and delicious.  Breakfast is well worth checking out.Peace-aNDy Cauble
4	My co-worker and I came here for lunch today. I ordered the mercado sandwich with no bacon plus avocado on focaccia. The sandwich was in a word- perfection! That and an old-fashion style root-beer ran me $7 - well worth it! The sandwich was huge - but it was so tasty I tried to eat my second half ( although I was not successful!). The place is small but we didn't run into any crowds at noon. The service was fairly fast and friendly! There was not a place to eat the sandwich (my reason for 4 stars not 5)...who wants to eat at work ? ...They also close at 3pm so beware if you're craving a late afternoon Laurel Market snack. I will absolutely be back again very soon!
4	Why did I wait so long to stop by Laurel Market? Who knows, because this place is fantastic! Conveniently located off of South Blvd., Laurel Market's menu is chock full of sandwiches of all types - for breakfast, lunch, veg heads, meat lovers, etc. Make sure you pay attention to their deli hours (7 am-3 pm, Mon-Sat) so you don't miss out on a delish breakfast burrito or deli sandwich. And, as others have noted, there are only a few tables out front to hang out and eat - so don't be surprised if you have to take your goods to go. I tried the CAST sandwich - freshly sliced turkey, green apple, cheddar, honey mustard & lettuce stuffed between two slices of sourdough (my choice of bread). It was super tasty, full of sinus-clearing honey mustard  and plenty of sandwich. With a bag of chips, a can of rootbeer, my big lunch amounted to $9.90. Suffice it to say, I made a meal and a half out of it. While you're there, check out the other goods - plenty of chips and accompaniments, massive "Cowboy" cookies, beverages, a smattering of wine and beer, and more. The staff here are extremely sweet and want to make sure you get exactly what you're looking for. Plus - they offer catering! I'm absolutely looking forward to stopping by Laurel Market soon to try out more of their sandwich menu and perhaps score a famed breakfast burrito!
4	So yum.Darn good breakfast burritos, and an INSANE amount of sandwich options (which can be made on white or wheat wraps, wheat or white bread, croissants, focaccia, etc). My current favourite is the g6 (turkey, bacon, avocado, sriracha) wrap, but the nice folks at laurel cater to all those veg and non veg with their fresh ingredients, awesome combinations, and great bread. I've never been in a line of more than four people, but I've noticed around peak Aveda lunch times, the small store looks quite packed. They start out with a stocked section of pre-made sandwiches, salads, fruit bowls, and even some delicious tabbouleh to help the deli line, but after the lunch rush it's usually fairly wiped out. There's a good selection of drinks, dried snack items, chips, fresh fruit, and ice cream to round out your meal. After deli hours (3pm), I rarely find myself stopping into Laurel, but they do have assorted OMB growlers, a decent selection of bottled beer, and an eclectic array of wine. (I've found most chilled bottles of white in the $8 - $12 range, but not necessarily with a label I've seen before, sutter home singles, and then a few pricier.. but it always seems to be changing)Really friendly staff, great lunches, and there is some bench seating out front (I could have sworn there used to be a table, but it wasn't there last time) but I usually take it to-go.
4	Sadly, I had no idea this scrumptious deli was here!  From the outside, it really isn't all that appealing.  Passing by, nothing would make me take a second glance (perhaps why I didn't realize it was here).  However, I was across the street getting my hair done and a bunch of hair stylists recommended their food.  I headed over there around 3:00 PM and I was so disappointed that the deli counter was closed.  They were no longer making made to order sandwiches but they did have a few in the cooler.  I got a turkey wrap with feta cheese, lettuce and tomato.  It came with the most amazing dressing (kinda like a tangy balsamic).  I also got a side pasta salad which also had a Greek theme (feta, onions, olives) and it was delicious.  I will definitely be back here for lunch.  I took away one star because they close the deli counter so early and it is quite small on the inside with no curb appeal.  Get there early and you will NOT be disappointed.
3	Am I comparing this to other deli's in Charlotte, or to similar places in other cities?? Other cities. StL specifically. Le Grands and Macklinds have a notch on LM. My visits to Laurel always result in good sandwiches and great service. I like the LuLu wrap quite a lot. Order from the deli counter or the cashier if it's busy.I'd love a spot to sit down and eat my sandwich, you'll probably have to take it to go!
5	Just tried Laurel Market today for the first time, thanks to my fellow Yelpers :) I've driven by a bunch of times, but like others mentioned, it doesn't look like much from the outside.I had the Athena wrap. YUM! It was fresh and I loved the dressing on it. I could taste the hummus in every bite...mmm, can't wait to go back soon.If you haven't, definitely give Laurel Market a try!
2	I wanted to like this place and I might come to like it if the breakfast is any good. I went with my girlfriend for a late breakfast once but ended up going to Einstein's Bagels next door since they had stopped serving breakfast.We tried again weeks later for lunch but were not impressed. What we ordered wasn't bad, just completely forgettable and overpriced for what we got. We each got a sandwich I could've easily made at home for a fraction of the price and a can of soda. For this I ended up parting with over $20. Bear in mind that these weren't even particularly big sandwiches and my girlfriend's wrap was completely vegetarian (and missing the hummus it was supposed to have in it). So I have no idea how $20 is justified. On top of all that, the service was slow even though we were the only customers in there.I'll give Laurel Market another try at breakfast but if it's not a considerably better experience than last time I'll just stick with Einstein's or Common Market when the morning finds me in South End.
3	I went for the first time recently, and while the sandwiches were pretty good, I didn't see quite what the fuss was all about.I can't remember the name of my sandwich, but it had turkey, bacon, some chipotle mayo, cheese, and I asked for some sriracha (side not: it's great that they have that on hand).  My wife got the G6, and I tasted that as well.The sandwiches were both great, no complaints.  Everything was fresh and the sandwiches were large enough to make for a proper meal.  I got a bag of jalapeno chips as well, which were a nice side to the spicy turkey sammie.Here are my issues with the place:It's pretty disorganized and slow.  The interior is kind of a hodge-podge of half full racks of chips and unused coolers.  the woman running the place seemed to be short-tempered with the two dudes making sandwiches, and though they did a good job in the end, the wait was really long.  However, you can call ahead and avoid some of that wait.Also, it's not a bargain.  Our two sandwiches and a bag of chips cost us $16.I've heard the breakfast is good, and maybe someday I'll have occasion to try that out.In the mean time, though I did like my sandwich, the experience isn't one that'll keep me going back for more.  On the chance they were having an off-day, service wise, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and a four star review.
