4	Forget the frou-frou "best in the country" BS hype. You know were I'm talking about.  This is as close as you can get to real pizza downtown-ish. All they are missing is the red checkerboard tablecloths. Red Devil could be in Anytown NJ or NY and fit right in.No Rays are nearby... Red Devil is a close 2nd. Their wings are great, too, as is the lasagna.
4	This review is for the take-out window at the original Red Devil restaurant. I grew up in this neighborhood and have come here since I was a wee lass. I remember begging my mom to get out of the car so I could stand in front of the pick-up window and "help" her carry the pizza to the car. I still come here because the pizza is amazing, they always have a large cheese & wings combo on special, they make their own super-chunkily-creamy-delicious bleu cheese dressing and the guys who work at the pick-up window are super-sweet (even when it's blazing hot outside, and inside, near the ovens). Sure, you have to remember a random number they give you at a moment where you'll never be able to find a pen or something to write with in order to pick up your order (like Carolina's), but it's still my favorite pizza complete with a chewy, delicious crust. Enjoy.
4	Been going to Red Devil for years.  Always know what you are going to get here.  Good Pizza, sandwiches, wings and more.  The service is great and the prices are reasonable.
5	Red Devil catered a Junior Classical League (for students of Latin and Greek) lunch for our annual convention last month. Getting the food was one of my responsibilities and I had considered deli trays and had also looked at a few other catering places on line. All I knew is that I'd sooner die than call Fazoli's (who has often catered this lunch before). So it struck me suddenly with about a week to go- Red Devil! It's Italian, so it fits the theme, and we have always had a good meal there when we've gone. I stopped in to see the GM, Doug, and he took my order, assuring me that the portions listed for the hotel pan sizes I was getting are generous- I was feeding teenagers, after all, so I had my concerns. I was relieved that they could easily and pleasantly take my order so late in the game. They dropped off the food at our location on time, hot and fresh, and they even brought the napkins, plates, and plastic-ware. The food was a HUGE hit with everyone. The first pan to be emptied was the meat lasagna, followed by the chicken lasagna, and then the veggie penne pastas, one with chicken. The rolls were fantastic, and they even gave us plenty of real butter. Even the salads were by far a bigger hit with the kids than I had expected. And Doug was right- there was plenty of food and lots of people went back for seconds.Best of all, when I gave the receipt to the treasurer of the organization, she was shocked at how low the price was, since last year, Fazoli's had cost close to twice as much! There is absolutely no comparison between the two when it comes to quality.I would heartily recommend Red Devil for your catering needs- as well as for dinner. My colleagues and I have since fielded many requests from attendees and their parents for the name of the restaurant and we will continue to use them from now on whenever our convention is in the Phoenix area. Gratias vobis ago, Doug and Red Devil!
5	Red Devil has been around since before dirt was invented, and there is a reason: it is GOOD.I love love love their bruchetta.  It is, no hyperbole, the best in town.  I don't know where they get those tomatoes, but I have never tasted a bad one there.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Pizza=to die for.  Amazing.  The hubs and I usually split a white pie, and never regret it.... well, if you don't count the regret I feel that I over ate!We have tried the entrees, but we always go back to the pizza.  It is really that good.Go to Red Devil - what have you been waiting for?  Have some bruschetta.  Go home full.
4	If you like an "uncomplicated" dining experience with the entire Family then Red Devil is for you. I have been going there for years and one of the reason why I like it so much is because it is a place you where don't have to worry about bringing little kids.  The traditional "Mom and Pop Atmosphere" makes this place a great escape from the franchised world. The wings are great. I just have one caveat: If you have never been there before: Medium Wings translate into Mild Wings, and Mild Wings translate into Barbecue Wings. Personally I prefer the Medium or Hot Wings.  Nevertheless the wings are great and the pie is no-nonsense style Italiano. The Red Devil is overall a great place (perhaps can be considered a Phoenix institution) where you receive plenty of food at a decent price.
4	So, for more than a year, I drove by this place on my way to work but never checked it out. I wasn't sure what to make of a place with a walk-up takeout window. Last night, I followed a group of friends there for a late dinner. Didn't try any appetizers. I just split a 14' Italian special pizza--sausage, green olives and fresh garlic. The pizza was pretty good, not spectacular but definitely a couple steps above a place like Mamma Mia's whose pizza has a fast-food quality at times. Red Devil is very generous when it comes to toppings, at least on this one. I am an olive lover but haven't had green olives on pizza before. I enjoyed olives in every bite. But if you think olives are just okay, you might have found it a bit much. The pizza was kind of big for two people and with tax, it was about $18. So, I'd say it's fairly priced. I have to say that the service, more than the pizza, would draw me back. Servers who think of the little things before you even ask are much appreciated. We had a party of nine and our waiter was super patient. We also brought a birthday cake on the premises, which they allow. Our waiter started clearing all our plates and silverware and before I could ask, he said not to worry, he'd bring us clean plates and forks for the cake. He also saw someone with a camera and asked to take a picture. He just gave off a genuine vibe of being helpful. I would definitely consider it if in the mood for something casual but not carbon-copy fast food.
2	Very boring pizza, if you don't like garlic, oregano, any spices, and think ketchup is pretty good then this is the spot for you.
5	Man-oh-man, this place is da bomb! The So and I came in on a Wednesday night after slamming a few Long Islanders at the bar next door, so we were geared up for some serious grubbing. We were seated immediately and greeted by our server Alberto. Wow, this guy had a golden personality and was working his station like a champ. He was making great conversation with every table and attended to us like royalty. We ordered the fried zucchini & mushroom plate and a medium pepperoni pizza. The friend zucchini and shrooms were very tasty and we were provided plenty of ranch for dipping. Our pizza was delivered to our table still bubbling and with a warning from Alberto, "Now you two take it easy, this pizza is Super HOT and I can tell you from experience because I no longer have the roof of my mouth, Enjoy". So I lifted the toasty-melty-saucy slice up to my face, hoisted it into my mouth, sank my fangs into it, and almost fainted with pleasure. I swear I could hear Lou Rawls singing in my ear as I worked my way down the slice to the crust. This was one hell of a Pizza and a great price to boot. Dinner (Appetizer, Pizza, and Root Beer) for two under 20 bucks. I may have to give in and be a repeat offender next week. Oh well, I'll just tell them the Devil made me do it.
2	I guess I am the only one who is not impressed. About 40 years ago when my parents decided to torture us and move us to AZ our relatives took us here. Not much has changed. Not that it is a bad thing to remain the same. We after going to see the Chihuly exhibit we decided to stop here for dinner. The two women who greeted and served us were fine I guess. Timing when you put the order in to come out when salads are eaten would be nice, but what the hell. Antipasto Salad .........................................................Small $7.95 Large $10.95 Artichoke hearts, fresh Roma tomatoes, pepperoncinis, black and green olives, provolone cheese, Genoa salami, red and green bell peppers, radishes and cappicola. We ordered the large for four people. This salad was a joke, three small artichokes were found, less than one full sheet of cheap cheese and salami were used and no Roma tomatoes. perhaps a half of a radish was sliced in to it and a bunch of lettuce all for $10.95 Gus and I shared a medium: Red Devil Combo $17.70 Pepperoni, chunky sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers The taste was OK I guess even though the onion was the part I would throw away. But the crust was like shoe leather. I have all my teeth and could not bite through it and the knife too had one hell of a time cutting it . Our Friends ordered something else; what I do not know. The prices here are much too high for the quality,
4	A favorite for lunch when I worked in Tempe.  Good pizza, although it had to grow on me.  The first time I tried it, I wasn't crazy about it.  But then I found myself craving it.  Definitely different and definitly tasty.  However, I had a HORRIBLE experience with the eggplant parmesan here.  It was just glops of cheese and really bitter eggplant.  One of the worst dishes I have ever eaten at any restaurant.  I'm not one to complain about my meals, though, so I picked through it and left the majority.  On a really positive note, the waiter asked me if there was something wrong with my food.  I replied, "Oh, no, I'm just not that hungry."  He insisted on asking if I wanted something else, and he took some of the charge off our bill when it arrived.  So that was pretty cool.  Word to the wise... stick with the apps and pizza here.  Eggplant parmesan, not so much.
4	It's easy to make a mediocre Pizza, but oh so difficult to find the right tasty one.. Well you can find it at Red Devil.. there's not much to say except for that fact that the peeps are friendly, they offer quick service, and delicious pizza that is sure to leave you satiated.  Why should you have to wait 3 hours for a pizza at that other place?  I'm sure it's great, and hopefully I'll be able to try it some day.. but Red Devil is probably equally as good when you're hungry for a slice.
5	Pizza is fantastic -- simple cheese pizza with basil.  Perfect.Servers are great and very friendly.  If you're in PHX, stop by this wonderful gem of a restaurant.  Very close to the airport, and they have a convenient takeout window.
4	Been here once and it was really good.  Tried the eggplant parm and it was fantastic.  Hoping to go back to try other menu items including the pizza.  Service was pleasant and friendly and food arrived quickly.
5	Just had the best meatball sub ever from here, take-out. This place always has people picking up and dining in. Old-school Italian still appeals.
2	After recently visiting La Grande Orange in Phoenix, La Bocca in Tempe, and The Parlor in Phoenix, I can honestly say I have had much better pizza than Red Devil. Four of us came here last week for a birthday dinner, and I honestly just wasn't impressed. We ordered the Italian Special and the Greekfest, and both were overloaded with toppings and falling apart, and overall not too flavorful. Olives were everywhere, and if you are only a partial olive fan, it isn't too great. Plus side- the service was very good and I had a cup of the soup that was decent.overall probably wouldn't come back.
1	My girlfried had heard from a friend that this place was great and that was exactly like New York pizza.  This pizza is not like any NY pizza that I've ever had and if it were, then NY pizza would not have the good reputation that it does.  The food was awful.  I literally had to force a second piece down my throat even though I was starving.  The service was great, but no amount of waitstaff attention can make up for the crap coming out of the kitchen.  There are so many better pizza restaurants around that there is no need to upset your stomach at this place.
4	Alright, I'll admit I've been driving past Red Devil for a decade now and always wondering what it was all about. It was always busy, seemingly always open, and really odd looking enough that it drew my interest. After all these years, I finally decided to try Red Devil only because it was time I actually stopped, and I had a craving for spinach and artichoke dip. Upon walking in, it was obvious this place has been here forever. It's a relic, and it probably hasn't been remodeled since, well... ever. They still have the light up signs for hte order numbers, and the entire restaurant feels like a cave. It's reminiscent of all those old school Mexican restaurants you find scattered around town with no windows, etc. We were friendily greeted twice upon entry and seated almost instantaneously. The crowd was mixed, but one thing everyone had in common is it was almost an entirely blue collar lunch break crowd. There were some people from Honeywell, and some contractors, as well as some teachers. The appetizer spinach and artichoke dip was very tasty... if not a bit overly greasy but with the right amount of fat, salt, and other artery clogging goodness. I ordered the lunch special small cheese pizza, and at the table was also a small white pizza. The red sauce pizza was average, with a very sweet sauce, a tough crust as if it had been made earlier in the day but overall a "it's low quality but oh so tasty" kind of taste to it. The white pizza had no olive oil, no garlic, no anything outside of breat and cheese. It was cheesy bread, make no mistake. Overall, I thought the food was average if not slightly below average, but there is something about Red Devil that made me feel comfortable here and welcome. The staff was friendly, there was no sense that you were being judged... it was just a good happy experience... with sub standard but still acceptable food. I walked out the door under $30 including tip for an appetizer, two pies, and two iced teas. I felt it to be very reasonable.
4	I remember my first red devil experience vividly. It was almost 5 years ago. I was having one of those typical really crappy IT industry days. The NOC was slammed with calls and of course all from the worst of the worst customer wise. My manager at the time says he has something to make the day better. Takes off for about 45 minutes. I didn't know what to expect... hookers? blow?... no.. its a huge pizza and a giant pile of wings.Holy crap these wings are AMAZING even with the steam effect you get when you take out wings. They are super crispy and sauce is the baseline hot/vinegary/buttery awesomeness by which  I measure other wings. Their ranch is absolutely amazing and they are not stingy with it. Enough left over to dip pizza in afterward for the ultimate in glutton. I always go for the hot but their other flavors are good. If  you want a real treat just ask them not to sauce the wings and get a few sides of dipping sauce. The teriyaki they coat their chicken in for their oriental salad makes a GREAT wing dip.The pizza crust is super crunchy and has an amazing flavor, cheese is nice and greasy, and the toppings are good quality. The sauce is a little flat but I can look past it considering all the other pros.If you are lucky enough to dine in the wings are even better and they will serve you these delicious pizza bread rolls. They tear like string cheese and are always fresh. Sometimes they come right out of the oven mmmmm.I have never once encountered a rude server. Service has always been at least 3.5 stars.. mostly 4.5 or 5. This is just a fun place to go and a great family restaurant.This is a valley icon/staple and has been around long before I was even a thought. Apparently we have some family history. This used to be my uncles college stomping groups and Tee Pee used to be my dads. Guess love of the local grease pits is hereditary.
4	Went for lunch with a friend. We love the quick, hot, and good lunch. She had the chicken parm, it came with a salad and pasta. She was super happy with the food. I got the white pizza with sausage. It was good, but I was missing the tomato sauce on my pizza, so I guess I am not a white pizza girl. White pizza = cheese and oil olive. I love their classic pizza = cheese and tomato sauce. It was more than enough for lunch. YUM. The server was awesome, love her.
2	I have ordered Red Devil's pizza and wings for takeout for years now, but today was the first time I dined in the restaurant.  We started with the potato skins which were served slightly overcooked and without any sour cream, which Red Devil does not carry.  (Really? Who serves potato skins without sour cream).  For our entrees, I ordered the baked lasagna and my boyfriend ordered the double bacon cheeseburger.  I only took about two bites of my lasagna which was so overloaded with flavorless marinara that I could not bare another, and my boyfriend only ate about half of his double cheeseburger that looked comparable to a McDonald's burger and tasted like a "slightly better quality school lunch burger".  These three items and one Pepsi cost us 32 dollars before tip.  All in all, we left hungry and forty dollars poorer.    We will not be back for anything but the occasional pizza and wings.
4	Phoenix has some absolutely amazing Italian pizza joints. And when I'm in the mood to spend some extra money and wait a while I go to them.But man alive! Red Devil is pretty close in terms of quality and it's a lot more laid back.During our last visit, we sat in back. The space has several nice little tucked away areas so everywhere has a nice private feel. Our waitress was really nice and accomodating and was with us in just over a minute.Some of the fancier drinks were recommended, but we were content with just plain old lemonade. Just the right balance of sweet and tangy.The bruschetta arrived quickly fresh out of the oven. The oil and tomatoes were spilling over the top and had a very rich flavor.The Italian pizza was just right temperature wise and the green olives added a nice salty kick to the sausage.The prices are reasonable. The staff is great and the pizza is delicious. Plus we met a 6 year old in the parking lot who claimed to be a princess. How great is that?
4	Good for cheap Italian food
3	Tasty pizza. Reasonably good beer selection.
2	This is another place that is commonly suggested by friends that we end up going to, only to be disappointed afterwards.Its a loud, boisterous sprawling place with a bar and plenty of large tables. Service is pretty good, and they handle large parties well.The food...is uninspired and bland. The bread is commercial (not made in-house) but pretty tasty.The red sauce is...pretty bad. Its watery and seems to have no spice to it, certainly no detectable garlic or oregano. The pasta was overcooked and the minestrone (supposed to be a specialty) was uninspired.The veal parmigiana was HORRID. Pounded so flat that frying made it tasteless like a piece of breaded cardboard, covered in cheese and that tasteless sauce. The spaghetti side was forgettable. My wife's fettuccine alfredo was watery the first time and too thick the second, and both times gritty.Next time we're dragged here I'm going to try the pizza, which actually looks good...they'll need to impress me quite a bit for me to ever actually suggest this place on my own.
3	I didn't eat the pizza, so I can't comment there.  I sampled three dishes.  My friend ordered eggplant parmesean, and that was tasty, but I've had better.  My husband and I both ordered pasta dishes.  The pasta itself was ok, but I am a big stickler for a good sauce, and this didn't fit the bill.  I expect my marinara sauce to have some tang, and not taste like jarred tomatoes with no spice.  It almost seemed as if the joint had toned down the sause to ensure it would be more palatable to the masses.  There are much more delicious places in town, but the service was good, and you could bring your entire family here and squeeze them all in.  If you're simply going with your spouse or a friend or two, I'd give it a pass.
4	(This review is for take-out service)Most people have a 'go-to' list of their favorite comfort food places, and emergency list that is used when you need tasty, predictable, and reliable. Red Devil Pizza is at the top of my list for great NY style pizza. Forgetting fancy pizza, this place offers really tasty pizza, at a good price for what you get. Red Devil uses quality ingredients, and doesn't 'church it up' (with apologies to Joe Dirt).If you are ready for an extra treat, ask for your pie to be 'well done', that gets you a bit of char on the crust, and takes it from good to great. The guys behind the takeout window work hard to make some of the best pie in the 602, so enjoy!
4	You can either dine in or wait outside and order at the order window that is situated outside. While you waiting you can either get a drink at the bar inside or take a short walk to the other bar connected to the restaurant in the back. The waiter service is always great every time I have come here and we always sit in the back in the larger part of the restaurant. It is kinda divey in here as there are no windows, it is just a brick built restaurant and the general atmosphere is dim. However this is good comfort food, the pizza is so good and they use quality ingredients for everything. They also make their own beer which was surprisingly pretty good.
4	Have been to red devil on a number of occasions and have enjoyed each visit. If you are not a fan of waiting for a table or waiting for a while on your food, don't stop by Friday nights. The place is packed. It you like white pizza, this place is worth the stop.
2	Went to Red Devil with a few friends to experience their wings and pizza.  I was not impress with the food at all.  My friends liked it but for me the Pizza had a cardboard taste to it.  I'm from Chicago where Pizza is Pizza and this place did not do it for me.  Sorry!
5	Best place for pizza & wings, hands down!If you're looking for awesome wings and very good pizza, Red Devil is the place to go. I'm not too sure if this is the original Red Devil, but it's very vintage. You gotta try their special that they have which is the 20 wings with a large pizza for like $25 bucks, I believe? Can't get any better than that. Their BBQ sauced wings are amazing on a dish. They're known for their perfect ranch sauce and fresh dinner rolls. I'm not big on hot wings, but my dad devours their hot wings every time we go, so they much be good! Great place to go and always great service!
1	I will make this quick. My BFF and I went here, because she usually gets the delivery at her work, and loves it. I am not sure which location her office uses, and I have been to the one on bell ave, and it was alright, but this place...We had a half pepperoni, half veggie. The crust was burnt almost to black in a lot of places. The pepperoni side had a river of grease, and the veggie side had a river of soggy water... they met in the middle... barf. Never experienced that on a half and half pizze before. The veggies on the pizza also tasted like old fridge/ freezer, very strange.The lemonade tasted like freezer burnt from concentrate, if it wasn't wet, I wouldn't have drank any of it. The service was alright, and they were busy, so either we got a bad pie, I am a pizza snob, or the food there is sub-par. I will never know, because god willing, I will never go back.
1	The hostess didn't acknowledge us, she just stayed on phone while we stood. Finally someone came from the back to seat us in the nearly empty restaurant. I said "Thank you." She instantly shot back curtly, "I can dish out attitude too!" Taken by surprise I retorted, "If you think that was attitude you've never seen attitude." Believe me, there wasn't any intention to give her attitude, after all she helped us as soon as she saw us, so I was happy with her. In any case, it was an unprofessional way to deal with the situation.It took about 10 minutes for our actual waiter to come to ask us what we wanted to drink. Still he answered our questions well, even if they didn't turn out to be 100% factual, he helped stear our decisions. There were spicy honey wings that we were interested in, but I can't stand the chilli vinegar taste/smell of buffalo sauce...I asked him, "Is it light on the buffalo and heavy on the honey?" he answered yes. INCORRECT. Probably the strongest buffalo tasting/smelling chicken I've even been close to. I had to push it further to the other side of the table to keep my eyes from watering.Oh and Faux news...err I mean Fox not-really News was playing on the TV in the bar :/Lame. I'm not going back.
2	I could stay with one star, but the thin crust for a pizza is worth a 2nd star. Right away when we arrived, there was water spilled in the floor, we waited and waited until we had to go and look somebody to "sit" us. When we left, the water in the floor was still there :O.People comes here mainly for pizza. SERIOUSLY!?? I stick to my Humble Pie. The rest of "italian" food seems overpriced and I had to take a look around to other tables to confirm I was not missing anything special. Improvement is a word they should review each day.
3	Meh. Ok pizza. Mediocre salad. Liked the rolls, and the service was friendly and very prompt. Not in the best part of town, and seems to be a pretty old establishment.
5	This place has been here since 1960. A really good restaurant,with really good food. On this trip we got Pizza and wings to go. You call in and they have it  ready in 15 to 29 min. The pizza crust is really great. I always love their Pizza. It is one of the best  in the valley. We got 2 types of wings hot and BBQ. Both were fabulous! There is not a lot of parking in the lot because, it is so popular. So you may have to park on the side street but, all worth it.
5	Loving this place since 1991. It has been here since 1960 though.                    Always great food. They truly have the best Pizza in the Valley they still hand toss the crust.                                                                               Which makes a huge difference.   The wings are fab,as well as every meal we have ever had here.   To Go orders are also great! I love eating inside because, it has a wonderful Italian ambiance that is old school and natural. it reminds me of the East coast restaurants.   Parking is a little tough. Always busy ,so you must sometimes park on the road , but well worth it.
4	Pretty good Pizza & I am from NJ.
4	My god I love this place. It is totally old Skool, dark wood everywhere, hasn't ever been updated since opening decades ago...but there is just something awesome about the pizza. And they make some pretty good wings as well. Bonus points for always being able to get in without waiting!I find the McDowell location substantially better than the north location due to the classic atmosphere and for some reason, it just tastes better.
4	This place is a good fall back place for my husband and me when we really don't want to have to think about what to do for dinner. Whether it is pizza or pasta dishes, it's always good and satisfying. The wait time is usually too long even when you see a lot of empty tables, but that is my only complaint. The servers are always nice and pleasant. I've been at least a dozen times and have never had a bad experience.
5	I must start by saying I only order from this place and have never sat down to eat, but I have been here several times. So if you are looking for a service review you won;t find it here, this is simply on the food itself.I love this pizza. It is one of my favorite pizzas in town. They are not close to me but I always make the drive to get it. What I love the most about it is the crust. I am a chewy yet crispy kind or crust gal. I love the chewyness of the crust. I love to get a side of ranch and a side of the hot wing sause and dip this pizza in. Mmmmm my mouth is watering just writing this. The wings are damn good too. I always get the hot cause I like the hot ones. They are fried not baked and taste oh so good. I have also had the bbq ones and they are tasty as well.
5	Hidden gem. The food is great - consistently! Classic, old-time atmosphere. Very family friendly. Love it!
5	If you didn't give Red Devil 5 stars, something must be wrong! Red Devil is by far the best pizza and wings hands down! Gotta love it, i live in California now and I wish there was a spot close to my house with wings and pizza like Red Devil. Just ate here this week since I was visiting Arizona, I came home a happy camper! :D
5	Excellent pizza, regardless of the toppings. Wings are good, with a variety of sauces to choose from.
5	BEST CHICKEN WINGS EVER!  And the PIZZA is good too!We used to go to the Red Devil way out in the West Valley.  Now that we have moved downtown we finally decided to give the original Red Devil on McDowell a try.  I was surprised and I'll just say "what a great place'!  Our server was Jenny . . . very pleasant and didn't hover over you.  We had our usual "Supremo" all meat pizza (pepperoni, sausage, canadian bacon and hamburger).  it was so good and tasted so close to what we had grown to love at our old stompin' grounds.  But the chicken wings were the star of the show.  Wings don't get any better that this.  Crispy, hot and I dare you to eat just one.  I'd go here just to order the wings to-go.By the way, there is a $5 off coupon on their website.  $5 off any order of $30 or more (so get it before it expires).
3	It's been a while since I have been here but I stopped in with mom the other day, so I figured now is a good time to give it a review. Decent pizza. I like the thin crust. This is a thin crust pizza that needs to be eaten with a fork and knife. Not crispy enough to pick up. The servers were very affectionate. By that I mean they called my mom babe and me love. I thought maybe it was just our server until I heard the server at the next table refer to her diners as sweetie and hun. Not a bad thing at all. Just kind of funny. And sweet. =) So if you are looking for someone to call you sweet nicknames while eating good pizza this is the place for you!
4	My dad used to work down the road from here oh, (hack cough) 40 years or so ago, when I was ... wait, I'm dating myself. Stop that Janet. Ahem. Anyway, our family ate a lot of pizza here over the years, and I'm happy it's still here. I like mushroom and  black olive pizza... my dad put sausage on his half. Of course he's since had quintuple bypass surgery but I'm quite sure it had NOTHING to do with the pizza he consumed. No, of course not.I'm  also quite sure we never had pineapple. I wonder when that showed up on the menu?My mom used to eat eggplant parm,which was covered in marinara and gooey cheese, and my brother would eat a mountain of cheese ravioli. I remember the portions being really big. And I remember the garlic bread as being pretty good. I'm headed back here next time I'm in town with my kid so she can check out where grandpa used to take mommy. I love it when places  have been  around longer than I have been.
5	This place rocks! Great service, awesome food, and comfortable atmosphere. The prices are reasonable.
3	This is my first "yelp" so hopefully I'm doing this right. ;-)I've been eating at Red Devil (both this one, and the one in Tempe) for years. I much prefer this location over the one in Tempe. (The Tempe locale just seems to "not care" anymore about customers or quality, in my opinion.) Anyway, met a friend here for dinner last night, as we wanted Italian but not too pricey and not too "chain". We settled on RD. We got there about 5:30 ish and the parking lot was already full and had to park in the overflow lot on the west side of the restaurant. [Tip to newcomers to this restaurant: Red Devil shares their parking lot with the bar next door and their take-out window is very busy with pizza orders. Get there early or settle for having to park in overflow lot or on the street.]We were seated quickly and our server took our drink orders right away. It was busy already so we didn't mind the wait to take our food order, but when he did, he was polite and got it right the first time. He was attentive to our needs and my wine refill, and all around very pleasant. I ordered Spaghetti and meatballs. It was good, but the sauce was a tad bitter from what I remember. It almost had a "vinegar" taste to it. However, it was still edible (I was famished) and so I ate it. My friend who had the linguine with marinara said the same thing about the red sauce.  a bit on the bitter side, but "okay". All in all the meal was fairly good, and our server was as attentive as he could be on such a busy night. My only complaint besides the marinara being somewhat bitter, is our server's demeanor once we paid the check. I opted to treat my friend if she would agree to leave the cash tip. (she did). She left 20% of the bill's total, and our server, after taking the final check, seemed upset. He took several opportunities to walk past our table and either ignore us (to see if we would like more water) or to glare at us. I found that unprofessional and odd. I guess he was expecting more? Either way, we will probably come back another time to try the pizza again (which I remember is terrific). Just hopefully we don't get another waiter who behaves like he did after being paid.
4	Damn good pizza! A little spendy (hence why I didnt give them 5 stars) for what you get but regardless, the pizza is pretty damn good. The wings are decent, I think there baked instead of fried and the sauce seems a little weak. They often have a 25 dollar special which includes 20 wings and a large pizza or some kind of 2 pizza wing combo for around 40 dollars. I'd recommend this spot to anyone looking for some family fun times surrounded with fun people and good food.
5	My husband and I LOVE Red Devil. We eat Ina few times a month and order take out at least twice a week. Red Devil never fails to deliver an excellent meal. We generally eat dinner late (after 8pm) so we rarely wait for a table. Dinner hours expect a wait, but definitely well worth every minute!! The take out guys are awesome!! The entire menu is delicious! You can't go wrong with red devil. Enjoy!!
2	Summary:  Middle of the road Italian food.  Decent price, very large portions, weak on flavor.  Zero atmosphere.  Good service.The wings are solid, and good for a group to share ($27 for 40 wings).  The honey heat wings are better than the original flavor wings, but both are above averageThe salad is standard bagged mix greens and bottled dressing.  Move on.  The pizza - decent crust, but totally lacking flavor.  The cheese, sauce and toppings amounted to nothing.  Better than domino's (what isn't?), but lots of better options for checkered tablecloth style pizza.Entrees were huge.  Chicken Parm was crisp and moist but again had no flavor.  The red sauce was also just plain and the side of pasta was overcooked.  Another guest got the Chicken Marsala and there was agreement it was better than the Parm.The room is barely decorated and unmemorable.  We got there at 5 on a Sunday and the place was packed full.  My party of 8 was squished uncomfortably into a table against the wall.  It must be noted our server was extremely nice, prompt and thorough.
4	This is a good pizza place. My friend suggested it and then my boss suggested it, so I had to try it. Yes, Yes, Yes, and one more Yes. I have now been there 3 times. pizza is a thinner crust. We always get the Greek salad along with a pizza. The prices are also reasonable. They get really busy though, so be aware a wait will happen.
4	Ordered a large pie for carry out took less than 20 minutes.  Service was great.  I love the crust because it's got a little chew to it and it was thin and crisp.  I would go again try the dine in menu. I loved what I ordered pepperoni, sausage with extra cheese.
4	I was just recently introduced to this place and I am addicted. They have the best wings and ranch sauce! I also was a fan of the pizza. If you are not into eating in the restaurant they have a super easy pick up window and you get to watch the guys make the pizza while you wait. The only thing that sucks about this place is the parking. However it is good when you see a ton of cars in the parking lot you know you are in for a treat. I have not had any pasta but will be trying it soon.
5	This is my FAVORITE pizza in the world!!
3	I've been going to this Red Devil since I was a kid. I remember my Dad used to know one of the guys who made the pizzas in the front of the restaurant. Anyway, I went by Red Devil last night to pick up a pizza after getting out of continuing ed at 8:00. I had ordered a half cheese half Mediterranean pizza (spinach, ricotta, garlic, tomato). The pizza was 16$...a little pricey, but not for a specialty pizza. I brought the pizza home and unfortunately it was on the cold side (always a hazard when picking up a pizza) and they didn't include any crushed red pepper in the box (I guess I should have asked). Anyway, the pizza was good, but it was a bit too garlicky....and from me, that is a statement (I'm a huge garlic lover). The garlic stayed in my mouth after brushing my teeth so strongly it was hard to fall asleep....kind of a funny thing. Anyway, I will probably return here, but it isn't at the top of my list for pizza.
4	This restaurant has been in the same locations for 55 years... and the decor kind of shows that although you can spot attempts at remodeling here and there.Who cares!  Even though this place resides in a seedy part of Phoenix, the food and service is absolutely outstanding.  I can't state how good everything was and what a tremendous value it was also.Our server, and every server we saw which was many, were very pleasant and had no trouble saying "You're Welcome" in response to a Thank you.  Crazy how many people in the service respond to a Thank you with "yeah, no problem".Full bar/wine/beer.  Drinks poured deep and pricing is fair for a restaurant.On the darker side for atmosphere and also a tad warm.  Dress lightly.TV's with sports on all over but no sound so it doesn't disturb you.Now the pizza...Wow!  The waitress told us they've been using the same Pizza ovens the entire 55 years and the recipe for the crust has never changed during that time.  I believe it... when something is right, don't screw with it!Outstanding pizza crust with an excellent crunch on the outside with a chewy texture and no crumbling of crust to the table.  A very large selection of toppings too.  I decided to be a little unconventional and went with Red Onion, Hamburger, and Green Chile.  Outstanding!These guys are going on my Pizza LIST.
4	I can remember riding along with my grandma to go order a pie from Red Devil's takeout window.  Seeing the guys hand-toss the pizza dough in the air was always mesmerizing to me as a kid.  Their pizza crust has not changed, though I'm not sure they still hand-toss the dough anymore.  But its still nice and crispy with the prefect amount of chew.  The price is about par with Streets, etc.  Only thing that sucks about Red Devil - The Parking Lot.
2	Let me start out and say I've"ve been a long time customer of "The Devil".  My friends and I have spent thousands over the past many years..... BUT on Monday went there on Aprils Fools Day and my friend and I ordered for lunch "The Pizza and Wing Special " and ONE Soda and a glass of water .... Let me add that we ordered TWO Toppings on the pizza .... Pepperoni and Sausage .... Food was good and I am one NOT To Complain But Give Compliments  as I know it's a TOUGH Business to be in ...  At the end of our meal I asked for the check and it was for OVER THIRTY- FIVE DOLLARS for ONE PIZZA With TWO TOPPINGS  And TWENTY WINGS and ONE Soda ..... As I looked at our check I mentioned to my friend " no wonder the place is empty." Back in the day this place was packed and all I Know there are many other choices out there to spend thirty-five dollars for pizza and wings .... Oh by the way that Thirty-five dollars DIDN'T include the tip for our server .......
2	Seriously the slowest experience ever! There were four of us really early...the restaurant was pretty much empty. We ordered three entrees and four desserts (It was so early that I was still full from lunch!) Anyway, they bring out our desserts first! We kinda all look at each other and the waitress takes a cue and says, oh the food isn't ready yet so I thought I would start you off with some desserts. Okay, cool, we will take it. We ate our desserts and were still waiting for our food! It was nuts. We went in for a quick bite and it took 2 hours! Haha and flagging someone to get us our check was darn near impossible. Oh and it is in a sketch part of Phx. haha!The food: Their Tortellini Alfredo was good! I think that was my fave of the entrees brought to us. None of us tried their calzones or pizza, but we were close!Their desserts: They only advertise one...their trifle. It is good, but not damn near as incredible as their version of the pizookie! I had a friend who wanted to make a baby with the cheesecake and their brownie with ice cream was respectable. Save room for dessert here...and just get the pizookie! Yum!
5	I have come to this restaurant more than once, and ordered the same thing-loving it every time.  It is the Sicilian Pasta.  Do yourself a favor and try it.  Delicious chicken and pasta, spinach and artichoke hearts.  Awesome.  I am Sicilian, and this place is awesome.  They also have delicious bread rolls with butter.  If I had the money, I would eat here daily.
3	We wanted some quick take out and decided to hit up Red Devil las night.  We got a sausage pizza togo.  Honestly it was just ok, I wouldnt say anything amazing, but not horrible either.  Pinos on central is our first choice and Red Devil wont win out over Pinos.
4	I love chicken wings and this place catered to my "special" needs on how I like my wings.  Multiple sauces on the side and extra crispy.  Wings came out just how I wanted them and they were very tasty.  Together with a couple of glasses of beer that the bartender recommended, I was set with a good dinner.Definitely will be back.
2	The manicotti's marinara is flavorful and tasty however, the pasta itself though is dry and overcooked. I've tried it both while dining in, & take out and they are essentially the same. The Portobello ravioli is inedible and gross with the pasta far too thick and pasty to be enjoyed. The accompanied sauce was just more of a magnified flavor of mushrooms which repelled rather than delight this diner. This sauce should be 86'd altogether and replaced with a more appealing marinara. The restaurant itself is tired and old and in sore need of upgrade and redecoration. The service is very s-l-o-w but cordial when you get it. All in all, I give Red Devil 2 stars as they are living in the past and are in dire need of upgrade; menu, building & service. Their long history is one of the only positives which attract me.
4	Wings were tasty! Pizza sauce had great flavor! Worth trying.
3	I was here with a friend on 4th July..The Mushroom Ravioli was real good, flavorful.The Chicken Romano was not real good. the flavor was deep fried right out and the sauce reminiscent of movie theatre butter..May I suggest pan searing the chicken and rethinking the sauce...just saying
4	I was really impressed.  I had not been in years but it was on the way home.  I got one of those last minute "can you get a pizza" texts before I left work.  This was right on my way and the pick up window made it super convenient (although having never been to the pick up window, a sign would have been nice so I didn't look like a dork going into the restaurant).The pizza was great, and my little picky eater who never likes anything other than cheese pizza said she wants the meatball and olive pizza again.  High praise.
5	This is a neighborhood favorite.  The dining room has a vintage charm that accompanies the recipes that have an old world taste.  The pizza is always piping hot, cheese that is like liquid, crispy crust, fresh toppings that seem to be made just for you. Always ask about the special. We get the pizza and wings special when available.  The wings are always crisp like a they were flash fried.  The sauce base is a BBQ sauce instead of butter like many chains.  The service is always attentive, seldom do I have to ask for a refill or other item.  This makes Red Devil a must for our birthdays, date night with other couples or just some comfort food.  Great bang for your buck.
4	Love this little place. Food was great and prices are good. Although its a little dingy it seems like a place where they have "regulars". Our waitress was extremely nice too. Would definitely come back. Chicken parmesan was great and the mediterrean pizza even better. Very quick service and portions are huge!
5	So I came to Red Devil not sure what to expect and I left a big fan.  I ordered a glass of their house Riesling and was duly impressed with the bargain glass of wine.  It was very fruity , with just the right amount of dryness.  My husband ordered a large, thin crust cheese pizza and I ordered a spinach and strawberry salad with grilled chicken breast.  Now I am not one to brag about a salad, in fact it's very, very rare for me to even order a salad, but that night a salad made sense so I went ahead.  Man, am I glad I did...  It was the most amazing salad I've ever had.  EVER.  The chicken breast was a quality cut and grilled perfectly, and the salad greens were flavorful and crunchy and the strawberries were sweet, fresh and delicious and the whole salad was dressed in an amazing, light and tangy dressing that was almost non-existent in appearance, but exploded in flavor on the first bite.  I can't explain it better than that.  It was just the freshest, most flavorful salad ever.  My husband enjoyed his cheese pizza quite a bit as well, but he still found room to steal about half of my salad off my plate too!
2	We have eaten here before and its one of my girlfriends favorite places and even though I am gluten free, I have always been able to manage in the past even though they don't have a "gluten free" menu.  It was a friday night and we didnt have to wait to be seated which was amazing.  Our server however was very poor.  When i asked her about a gluten free menu (it had been over a year since i had been here so i figured i would ask just in case) - she replied with "we dont have anything gluten free" .  I rephrased the question.. No we dont have anything gluten free.. I asked.. Salad? She replied oh yeah i guess that is gluten free.. so anyways.. I have been gluten free for a couple years now so i can pick out things i know i can eat and what i cant.  I ended up ordering.. Salad - no croutons please... of course, the salad came out with croutons... i sent it back asking for one without.  Wings came out after entrees... food was mediocre at best.  Just really not what i have come to expect.
5	This restaurant meets and exceeds expectations in flavor, atmosphere, service, price, and overall dining experience.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough. Not a place I would drive by and be like "I want to eat here", however my boyfriend wanted to try it so I went with him. All I can say is this place has the best pizza and wings I have had in Phoenix. Great prices, always drinks specials, and  the service is awesome. We love this place! Definitely worth a visit.
4	I used to go here a lot as a kid. It was kind of a tradition for my family to go there after Phoenix Giants/Firebirds games. Or was it before the games? I don't know. Anyway, as a kid, it was my favorite pizza. Then we lost the Firebirds, and a few years later I moved to Los Angeles for school, and I went several years without going here. In the last two years, I've finally made it back to Red Devil on a couple occasions.The restaurant is just as it was when I was a kid, right down to the old-school arcade game in the corner. And the pizza tastes the same too. And while it's still very good, I've got a couple favorite pizza joints in L.A. that edge it out. Still, when I'm in Phoenix and I'm hankering pizza, I don't know of a better place to go to satisfy the craving.
5	I love this place...best pizza in Phoenix- hands down! Wings are amazing, service is always phenomenal. I simply love this restaurant. I have to admit that I may be a bit biased as this place holds a lot of sentimental value to me. My family and I have eaten here for years and years. At this point- 4 generations worth, that I know for sure, have dined at and loved Red Devil. My husbands favorite is the sausage and artichoke pizza- while mine is the Red Devil combo. We always split an order of medium wings and get bigger then we know we will eat- pizza so we can have some to bring home. This restaurant also does well balancing the "family friendly" with the "date night" crowds. I will say that we live much closer to the Mesa (Tempe?) location and have gone there 4-5 times...completely not the same. Yes, same-ish food, but the other location just simply does not have it like the McDowell one. Dont waste your time at the other one- just go to the McDowell location and enjoy!
4	This place has been open for 50 something years. Now i know why its still open. Haha. Man oh man oh mannnnn. Boy was i wrong about this place. My friend took me,  after bragging about it for months, I just have to goooo. So..... we had the delicious fried zucchini, to veggie pizza, lastly to the baked pasta.  Everything was on point!!!! Okay, I know the fried zucchini is really bad for you, but what can you say. Yolo!!!!!! Lolz. It was mouth watering. Even the ranch was rich. The vegetarian pizza was amazing, I loved everything about it. The crust was crispy and thick. The marinara sauce was sweet and it was just perfect. Bell peppers,  onions, mushrooms and olives. ( of course I had to pick the olives ) :))The service was wonderful, great atmosphere. Cute little homey place. I like it.I shalllllll come back.
5	Can you believe we got a table on Valentines day? I'm an idiot since I don't celebrate holidays but Red Devil doesn't take reservation.I had the stand by spaghetti and italian sausage. My friend had lasagna.As usual the service was excellent and the food delicious. The 40 minute wait went be quickly since we already had so much to talk about.This is just a great local spot.
5	Oh man what can I say!! This place is the bomb!! It's nothing compared to the location in the West side of town (where I live). My Bf is tired of this place since I want to come at least three times a month. Who can get tired of Red Devil's...right. The pizza has a thin delicious crispy crust and the wings (extra crispy please) are a home run. I've also tired the pasta but always come back for the pizza and wing's. Oh and yes they have Pepsi!!!!
3	My husband and I recently moved to the area and we were looking to try a new place.  I came across this place while looking at yelp reviews.  On a Saturday night my husband and I went to try this place.  We were really impressed they had a to go window so we didn't have to go inside to order.  We ordered a pizza with half cheese and the other half had sausage,  bacon,  and pepperoni.  We also ordered a small cesar salad and half order of buffalo wings. The food was done in 15 minutes.  Really quick service for a Saturday night.  The pizza was pretty good. A little too greasy but overall it was tasty. I like the crust on the pizza. Also, the ceasar salad was really good. I really liked the dressing. My husband ate the wings and he said it was pretty good. Not too spicy and good flavor.  Overall I was happy with our food.  We will definitely be back to try something different.
5	I would recommend this place to anyone who loves pizza and wings. Price is pretty good, not ridiculous like some Italian restaurants. Bring your friends!
1	The staff was friendly, but we ended up with 3 different waiters/ waitress there wasn't a wait  even though the place was busy, the first batch of rolls were good, but when we got our appetizer which was Parmesan cheese and garlic butter didn't taste good at all and it looked just as bad as it tasted, so we ordered some more roll which were very cold in the middle the third batch was ok.The salads were decent, but they charged us more for a salad over soup even though it was soup or salad, when we got our main course my husbands seemed to lack any flavor other than peppery, he had the stuff lasagna. I ordered the chicken lasagna I did like mine, but we had to wait a long time for our food that we contemplated paying for our appetizer and drinks and leaving. The people who arrived after us and ordered after us got their food first.They may have been having and off night I don't think I'd try them again
5	I love this place. Wish we had one in Houston. I go every time I visit phx. Large with Xtra sauce, Pepperoni, sliced sausage. Excellent every time
3	We were driving around trying to find a new restaurant & came across Red Devil. We took it as a good sign that the parking lot in front of the restaurant was completely packed & the extra parking lot off to the side of the restaurant only had a couple of empty spaces. When we walked in, we were promptly seated & the first thing we noticed was that this is very much a family-style restaurant.After taking a look through their menu, we decided to get the fried zucchini & mushroom combo for appetizers and the barbeque chicken pizza for our meal. While we waited for our meal, we were served two rolls with butter which were good. The appetizer was also good - crunchy breading & not greasy. The barbeque pizza, as the previous items was good too - lots of barbeque sauce, chicken, & onions. Some bites tasted a little burnt so it was nothing to rave about. We ordered the 10" size which had 6 pieces ... I'd say this was the right for two if you're hungry & also get appetizer to share. Lastly, we finished off with snickers cheesecake. I personally wasn't a fan of it, especially compared to other cheesecakes I've had in the past.Overall, the impression was that everything was just good ... Nothing great that you'd rave about to friends & family but nothing bad either; we're undecided whether or not we'd go back.
4	Let me tell you about my little friend the bruschetta.The skinny I can't comment enough about the bruschetta it's a little slice of heaven. Not to gas you up so much I am not a big fan of bruschetta so I never order it, on a date night with my gf she ordered it and to my surprise they brought a good helping more than my gf could handle and wow! The bread was nice a toasted with a garlic cheese butter and they add fresh cold chopped tomato with fresh cut basil with a little olive oil. The pizza is great sauce taste as it should and they don't use the generic cheeses and ingredients, plus they always have great specials online and on social media. The wings are also great big and tasty with lots of sauce which I find it comparable to long wongs med sauce. The badPretty common thing for me with parking but this is particularly a bad area to park and not the greatest of areas especially at night have seen some seedy people. Overall this place is a Phoenix staple and great for dates I would recommend it.
5	Let me start off by saying that I've been going to this location for 30+ years. The only food I order here is the bruschetta,pizza and wings. They have a pizza and wings special for $26 and it's the BEST pizza in town. I've been to the other locations but for some reason the pizza and wings taste best here. I live in the far west valley and I make the trip all the way to east Phoenix to enjoy their pizza. If you're ever in the area I would recommend the pizza and wings special to anyone.
5	Red Devil is our go to pizza place when we want good delicious pizza. We just ordered for take out and are heading home now when we realised.... yelp needs to hear about how eager we are to eat these. I personally have been dreaming about this moment all week.  I am not from Phoenix but visit frequently, and on nearly every visit I grab a pie from Red Devil.  The pizza is delicious and the guy at the window taking money is one of the nicest guys! Every time we go here and pick up our pizza he had a huge grin on his face.  I comment about how polite he is each time!  This place is to die for - gotta check them out!
5	I love this pizza I have had this pizza ever since I was a young child in fact this is what I would as for as my birthday dinner every birthday The staff at the pick up window are very nice and to watch them work on the pizzas is always a joy Best pizza around my Phoenix area
4	The lunch specials here are great. I think it was about $7.50 before tax for two slices of pepperoni pizza and 5 or 6 wings. It's good old-fashioned comfort food.
4	Great food and a good family atmosphere. Too bad they don't open on Sundays. I would imagine that Sundays could be one the most profitable days so I don't understand the concept behind it.
4	I love Red Devil Pizza, BUT tonight I actually dined in instead of ordering pickup like usual and it started off great until all our food was up and my cousins gluten free pizza wasn't!! Waitress said it took a little longer, 5-6 minutes longer, since it was gluten free. We all finished our food, all of our drinks were empty and we didn't see the waitress since she dropped the food off and still no pizza! She finally brought it out and of course we boxed it, paid and left! She NEVER once apologized and she kept making excuses as to why it took so long- oven was way in the back and there were a lot of catering orders! Anyways if she would have just told us the truth-that she or cook forgot it  we would have left happy customers but that's what makes the difference between a good waitress and a bad one! Still love your pizza! Hated our experience tonight! We did give her a "written" tip and maybe this won't happen again!!!
3	I had an issue last night with the waitress because my meal was brought out when all my relatives were done eating. It was 30 minutes late. So I took it to go. No apology just excuses that didn't match up. I called and spoke with the manager the next day and he gave a credit to me. I was not looking for a reimbursement, I just wanted to have satisfactory service. But that is nice ofThem to correct the mistakes of their employee.  I hope our waitress can at least learn to say "sorry" when mistakes happen next time.
1	I will never eat at red devils on 31st street and McDowell!!! First of the roach on my pizza and to top it off my drink had a long hair in it this place is gross and would not let a dog eat that garbage.
5	The pizza here is the real deal.  In fact, the Red Devil in Tempe does not make pizza that tastes this good (different ovens? sauce?).  The take-out orders for pizza here are relentless too, and there is a reason why. those ovens never stop.
5	Just moved to AZ from NJ and dinner here was a "Taste of Home".  My wife enjoyed the Seafood Marinara, and I thought the Penned w Meat sauce was excellent.  I'll definitely make the trip from N Glendale and eat here again.
2	This is an Italian wannabe restaurant. If you're looking for true Italian food look elsewhere. Nothing bad per se, but nothing good either. My meatball hero wasn't properly toasted, had very little marinara sauce & the flavor was overall bland. My gf had to return her chicken platter since it didn't look or taste like chicken. If we ever go back is to try the pizza, other than that I can cook much much better than this at home & for a fraction of the cost
1	I had the extreme displeasure of attempting to dine here on 10-26-14 with my good friend, who had her toddler in tow. First of all, I have been a regular customer at this restaurant for nearly 20 years. Sadly, every time I go the experience is worse and worse. I think I'm done. REALLY bad service, coupled with excuses by a young man who claimed he was the manager, who identified himself as "Danny". Well, Danny had nothing but excuses about the INEXCUSABLE bad service, long wait for food, (though they were nearly empty) and his feeble attempt at trying to make it our problem, only made matters worse. The understaffing is not the concern of the customer, "Danny" and is completely a management problem. In all reality I thought he was the dishwasher. Nothing about this young man says management, and nothing about this restaurant says, "we want your business!". It's too bad. This used to be a great place to dine. I have no idea what happened, but it's not good.
3	We arte here at my sister-in-laws suggestion during our Cheistmas visit.I had the minestrone soup and a salad.  The soup was okay, nothing to remember, but the salad was memorable for its sheer size.  I got the large, my mom got a small.  The large must have been at least three times bigger than the small.  It's a great price deal at only $7 but it's all you should get!My mom said her clam chowder was "all right" which usually means it was okay but she wouldn't get it again.  HER salad was okay, I didn't finish mine, I was too full from the soup and it was way too a large to tackle.
5	The varied menu is accompanied by a great service. From fish to salads options are excellent. Also has a good happy hour and wine by the glass at a fair price.
4	Best Foid Gras and food presentation. Desserts were awesome.
