5	Awesome price for iPhone glass replacement, good friendly service!!
2	So, i cracked my screen in las vegas (well, my wife dropped it) so i had it fixed here. They replaced the screen fine,  but when putting it back together they didnt connect a cable securely, (so that you can see the screen) forgot to put back several screws, and didn't replace the mesh screen filter where you put your ear. After a week, the screen went blank due to the loose cable, although i could hear phone calls and texts coming in. I took it to another iphone repair shop in my hometown, they opened it up and showed me how all of this was missing. I would of taken the phone back here to rectify the problem but I am not in town any longer. I do give them credit for fixing the cracked screen at a reasonable price ($54 tax included), but they did not pay attention to the finer details.
5	Very friendly, fast service & a great price! I'm so glad I decided to get my phone repaired there - I feel so much better about it not having a broken screen!
5	They were able to take on my Galaxy Note 2's broken LCD.  They lived up to their promise of time and beat everyone in town on price.  They were knowledgeable, friendly, and tested everything in front of me before I left.  Well worth the money.
5	Iphone doctor is awesome!! The service is outstanding and the staff is super friendly.  I came here after shattering both the front and back of my phone. The offered the best price and repaired my phone in less than thirty minutes. Highly recommend this store!!
5	Competitive prices.. Exceptional customer service.. I'd recommend this location over any other phone repair store in town based on the service provided.. Thx
3	I have to give this place three stars, because of the chubby guy working there who lacks people skills. The rest of the staff were really nice and helpful. Really, he needs to go through some kind of training to learn how to deal with customers.
5	I dropped my iPhone 5 and cracked the screen. I called almost every retailer I could find for quotes. The iPhone doctor was definitely the most inexpensive. On top of their great deal I found a voucher on yelp that saved me even more. Once I arrived Justin took great care of me. Even after another VERY unreasonable customer came in after me, he handled himself in a very professional manner. I handed over my phone and barely had enough time to go to the gas station next door before he was finished with the repair. My phone is as good as new and I couldn't have been happier with my decision to take my phone here. I hope to not have to frequently shop here but if I ever have another need I will absolutely return. Thanks Justin!
5	Justin was awesome! Gave me a great deal & fixed my cracked screen right away! Highly recommend this place esp if your looking for the lowest price, & GREAT cust. service!!!!!!! iPhone Doctor for sure!
5	I took my iPhone 5 here to get the shattered glass repaired after calling other places to get prices. They were the best priced and the service was great. They fixed my phone in about 20 minutes and it feels and works like it's brand new. Thank you!
1	I had got my screen repaired here which I thought was a good deal.  Turns out I was wrong.  Everything was working fine until about 3 days later when my touch screen stopped working.  I took my phone back and they looked at it and called me the next day saying I needed to purchase another part(some sort of cable) to repair it and that it wasn't covered under warranty.  Total BS because they aren't willing to warranty or stand behind their own work.  Taking my business elsewhere.  Also the Asian guy at the front desk was extremely rude to me.
5	Was in and out in 10 minutes. Had a cracked iPhone 5 screen and purchased the groupon ($89 for 1 Iphone5 repair worth $150)The guy told me it'd only be $100 which really only saved me $11 but whatever. I needed it fixed, and it's fixed no problem ;)
4	I dropped my iPhone 5 and shopped around to find deals. I stumbled upon a groupon and was happy to find the repair for $89 and that the place was very close to home. I called before I went in and I was told no problem it wouldn't take very long. He wasn't lying. Nice clean store, minimal merchandise but it's not a store for that, nice couch and flat screen and a friendly guy named Justin who fixed my phone in less than 10 mins. However, 2 days later my delete button started acting up. I took it in not even an hour after that and the guys put a new screen on in 5 mins and apologized for parts being faulty sometimes. I was just happy that they took care of it with no hassle and so quickly. Faulty parts is a common thing today. So grateful for these guys!
5	Great fast and friendly service.  I had my iPad 3 fixed there in less than 2 hours.  Great since I can't live without my iPad!  Will definitely do business again.
1	Worst glass and after market products used here. DO NOT GO HERE! Better off buying new phone, or claiming insurance. RIP OFF
5	Justin is the BOMB!!!He is honest and does awesome repairs. Fast and friendly!!! Come and see him for all your phone repairs!
1	I can't vouch for the job that they've done because the phone i brought it wasn't mine, it was my boss' phone. hopefully these guys will make me look good and the screen will function correctly. What i am extremely irate about is that on this site they have a special, you pay $40 for a $50 voucher... nowhere on the voucher does it say that this is only good for iPhone4S and prior versions. I bought this voucher with every intent to use it towards an iPhone5. I think it's really scummy of them to put a special price voucher but not make any mention of the version it pertains to... Just remove the special price; don't draw people in and then tell them, sorry, this is only for the people who have last years model; thats like buying a gift certificate to a restaurant and being told, it only applies to yesterday's food... i mean c'mon! it's just tricky and really shady. Luckily the yelp people are helpful and they were able to credit me the price I paid for an otherwise unusable voucher.
5	Justin took very good care of me.At 8:25 am I dropped my iPhone.... At 10:05am I checked in, at 10:10am I checked out. One of the best service experiences I have ever had. Fast Service and a great location.
5	Justin was fantastic.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes with my cracked Iphone 5 fix and looking new.  Than k you Justin!
5	These guys are awesome.  They repaired my wife's IPAD screen first and it works great.  Then my iPhone 5s screen was totally shattered and the tech Justin was awesome and replaced it in less than 10 minutes while I waited with my 2 year old daughter.  Great work.
1	I cracked my screen and went to this place to get the screen replaced. They got it done quickly which was great but then that night the entire screen stopped working. It was almost completely unresponsive. To make matters worse, I was leaving town very early that next morning and could not go back in to the store. I was forced to buy an entire new iPhone. Not only did I have to buy a new phone but the Apple Store said that there were several screws and pieces missing on the internal parts of the phone. So disappointed.
5	These guys r great! My review is actually coming from a couple months ago,my screen was cracked so bad I had cuts on my fingers! They fixed it and it worked fine..for a week..the screen started coming off so it was loosing sensitivity and I had to press harder. I took it back and they fixed it right away! I barely waited ten min (I actually sat on the cozy couch reading a book). They def get 5 stars in my book!
5	My husband broke his iPhone twice in one month.  The first time he shattered the screen, he got a replacement phone.  When it happened the second time, he checked into repairs.  He took his phone to the iPhone Doctors.  It took 12 minutes to repair his shattered screen.  The staff was very helpful and friendly and he was pleased with the customer service. He is overjoyed that his phone is better than new and I'm happy that it was fixed for a fraction of the cost of replacing the phone.  We would recommend the iPhone Doctors to our friends and family.  If your iPhone is broken, take it here before you even think about getting a new one.
1	Yesterday I had an iPad mini and two iPhone 4s repaired. Between the lack of communication between employees, premature phone calls telling me my items were ready for pick up, and one of the phones not working, I was not impressed! Today my son noticed two corners and one side of his mini, are not glued down properly. Very poor job! Very unhappy! I recommend going elsewhere!David
5	Ed did an Excellent job fixing  my iPhone's shattered screen. I was also shocked how cheap it was! Would highly recommend this place!
5	Legit and thank god for them I was back in business in about an hour. Of coarse we all hope we never shatter our phones but once in a while we do and if this happens to you and you don't have insurance for your phone come here and you will get it back good as new. Under a hundred works for me I mean I can't get everything for free! Friendly staff and professional techs. Thanks iphone doctor you guys rock!
5	I was so sad when I dropped my iPhone 5s in San Francisco at the Ferry Building Farmer's Market. My entire screen was cracked and we were trying to find a start-up company to fix my phone. I decided to wait until I got back to Vegas. My boyfriend was shopping for prices and came across this shop. It was perfect, I had a meeting at SOHO Japanese Restaurant and picked it up afterwards. It's in perfect condition and I couldn't be happier!
1	Don't  come here This place take out ur original parts from ur iphone and put cheap SH***t Plus they charge u  a lot
5	OMG! Justin is the bomb! Fixed my shattered screen for $83 in 30 minutes! If you pay cash-- it's $83!! Just drive right up, drop your phone off and pick it up in 30. As easy as that! Plus the Henderson location is right off the expressway so it is super convenient! My phone looks better than new! And he also gives a lifetime warranty! Anything goes wrong, bring it back and he fixes for free! How cool is that?!
5	These guys are honest, I went to wireless toys to have my back screen on my iPhone replace they where charging me $45 bucks to get it done. iPhone doctor took care of it for free!!
5	Ahh where do I start.... Well it all started with rabbit hunting with my best friend and roommate Bobby. As I was vigorously chasing Jackrabbits through the desert my phone (Nexus 5) fell out of my pocket and shattered amongst the rocks. I didn't know what to do. There were so many emotions going through my head. I didn't know where to go. I searched the internet looking for repair shops to fix my broken phone and also my sanity. I was truly going insane. I could not last one day without my phone. I called the number listed online. And a female voice answered. Exceedingly distracted by her lustful voice I immediately forgot what the nature of my call was. She went on to say "iPhone doctors! How may I help you?" I stumbled with my words. Thrown off by the presence of her voice. I didn't know what to say. When I finally spoke I asked  "broke. Phone. You.. Fix?". I was completely embarrassed of my failed attempt of effectively using the English language, but amazingly she didn't notice or seem to mind. She simply told me to stop by and they could fix it within a couple of hours. I was filled with excitement. Not because my phone was on the fast track of repair but because I was getting the chance to see the mystery female on the other end of the phone. I arrived in a timely fashion and spoke to a young beautiful lady with brown hair. I was overwhelmed. I handed her my phone without haste. Not being able to form full sentences I left quickly to avoid embarrassment. Later, before closing, I came back to retrieve my phone. It was perfect, brand new, not a scratch. But I could hardly examine my phone because my eyes were glued to this mystery girl behind the counter. Everything about her, perfection. I fumbled a bit with my debit card, stalling mostly, to gain time with her. I paid and she gave me the receipt smiling almost like she knew what I was thinking. At that moment she said " you should write a review on yelp" I told her softly. "I will" only if you read it". She agreed as proceeded to exit the store wondering if I would ever see her again. If some how some way our destinies were linked and someday our paths would cross. Probably not. With that being said if you are reading this I bid you farewell and I thank you for fixing my phone.  - That black guy that walked in Thursday
1	Horrible experience. Don't go there. I have an I phone 5 and it had a shattered screen. I was going to pay 80 dollars for the repair. I dropped off the phone and was told it was going to be thirty to fourty five minutes. I came back an hour and a half later and it wasn't finished. Then come to find out they fried my motherboard while taking the broken screen out. Then I was told to go to apple and pay for repairs and bring a receipt back for reimbursement. I did that and had to buy a brand new phone. Same day I went back with a receipt and was told I had to wait a day for a check. The only person I respect in that store is the manager because he took care of me the way a real company should and I thank him for that. But really a check the next day? I really don't recommend this company. Just go to apple. Thirty dollars more for the right fix is worth it.
5	This place is INCREDIBLE!!! Unfortunately I have had to have my screen replaced three times & these guys never let me down. They are always available to do repairs as soon as you walk in the door and their prices are very reasonable. I would never go anywhere else.
5	The guys here know there stuff. Fixed my iphone in the matter of min. Awesome prices... Go there and get you phones or any device fixed
1	Do not fix your I phone here. They use cheap parts and everytime you get something done here another part fails shortly after. Not worth all the trouble.
4	One day service. Nice friendly people. Love my iPad again!  It was pretty cracked up!  Like new again!
5	Went in to get my iphone5s screen fixed, Great customer service fast and fair price would recommend
5	Great service, I got two iphones fixed within an hour for $140 They work perfect!
5	They take such good care of me! REPEATEDLY!!!! He keeps telling me I need a better case, but I just love going in there!!
