4	Relatively new gym on Blue Diamond. Lots of equipment and never crowded. They also have their own tanning place right next door too. You can pump some iron, or do some cardio and then get your fake bake on. That's convenience.
5	This gym has a very cool design! The equipment is brand new, it's never crowded, it has every type of machine and free weights. It's also a very casual environment so it feels like a comfortable place to work out.
5	This place...oh I dig this place. The paint scheme on the wall is dope as it gets. There are no hidden fees in the membership, no contracts! It's open 24/7 so if you're a night owl/super-hero like me you can make it happen no matter what. . The dumbbells get up there for the crazy days, it is the first gym I've seen with live DJ sets! SAY WHAAT? The location is awesome and lots of cool folks live in the area as well. Speaking of cool folks, the staff is on it all the way down to whoever updates the Facebook page. They have free motion equipment which is a plus and when you walk out and gaze at the mountains of southern Las Vegas you feel all epic and Conan-like...it's a good feel!
5	Great place, great location, great staff! I feel like as a member I'm appreciated,  when working out during staffed hours there is always someone they're worth a smile on their face to greet me add I walk in the door.  The music is great, everything is clean and easily accessible and if I have a question I know I can ask workout being judged.
5	Love this gym! I've been training here for over two months. Great size for weight training and cardio. I just canceled my contract with my old gym to join this gym. The perfect place to train and prepare for my next figure competition!! So excited.
5	Amazing gym .. Great Equipment and Amazing trainers ... You need to come down and join this great gym .. You will not regret it ...:-)
5	Its perfect not to big not too small has everything needed to get a great work. I feel like im at home when im here good music cool staff, perfect location . If you work out and your in the Mountains edge are this is the gym to be at #dowork
5	Painless. Prompt. Friendly. Best words to describe my experience at Edge before I even laced my shoes to workout. Day down discussed prices , no pressure at all.  After a few minutes I had my membership card, and was good to go.  Nice sized workout area, cardio machines have tvs with cable. New weights. New machines. Been open around 3 months. Tanning area almost done. Nice atmosphere, clean, good if you want to avoid over crowded gyms with bad parking and waiting for machines. If you are in the area definitely check out.
5	I train with Rico & Ive never been happier! Not only is he a amazing trainer, but Ive lost over 8% body fat within 5 weeks, and have seen a tremendous difference in my body. The over all gym has great equipment, a very friendly staff that does NOT pressure you, & is always well kept. They are opening a beautiful tanning salon that will be attached, should be completed within a week! Im looking forward to saving gas & time, since you will be able to do everything in one place :)I love the environment & how private the gym is, & everyone that works out here are all in great shape so the scenery is awesome too lol.
1	This gym is the filthiest, smelliest gym I  have ever been in, the staff never cleans ANYTHING!   We joined as a couple the price was right but we found out the hard way why!  The Owner is extremely rude and seems to have a Napoleon complex or was having a roid rage moment!  We were over charged on our credit card by only 7.00 but the amount wasn't the issue it was never corrected..  When we brought this to his attention he freaked out and cancelled our memberships!  This blew our minds. His mistake, his gym who else do you go to? Well, not this guy, he seems really bothered by dealing with customer service a word he apparently never learned, his people aren't trained either which isn't any surprise!  Don't waste your money you might end up sick, if  this place doesn't clean up it's act they will most definitely be shut down! The health dept is on there way hopefully, I know several unhappy members who have reported these pigs!!
5	Very nice facility, and most importantly, clean. I used the level 5 bed, which was new and made for a quick and easy tan. The girl that helped me out was helpful and sweet. The prices are a bit more than other tannning spots but you get what you pay for. I definitely recommend this place.
4	I love this place. I have an LVAC membership too, but I only use it once a week, because you can't lift there because it's always packed and it's filled with douche bags. This place is great. It's got cool equipment like (sand) medicine balls, TRX bands, and the usual gym stuff. The only drawbacks are: I have to drive through the intersection of terror (Blue Diamond and Cimmaron) to get here, and there's no group X. But, they tell me that the new location will have a cardio room.
4	My boyfriend and I had memberships to multiple gyms in town. With our crazy schedules it was becoming almost impossible to fit the gym into our day when you include a good workout and the 20 mins both ways to drive to either LVAC or Golds everyday. So we decided to check out both snap fitness and edge fitness since they were the closest to our home. (We live in Mountains Edge) After having tried both on a "day trail" we decided that Edge Fitness was more our style. It has all the necessary equipment for both he and I and even though it isn't a huge/chain gym it more than does the trick. The pricing is competitive as well $36/month for both of us, you can't really beat it. I haven't tried the tanning here yet but come spring time I can assure you I will be spray tanning weekly. They also offer 1/2 off tanning to all gym members...another big plus. So all in all were incredibly happy with edge fitness and have either cancelled or are waiting for our memberships to expire at all other gyms! :)
4	Four things that I really like about this place: it's extremely close to my residence, it's open 24/7, it has 2 squat racks and it's not too busy in the morning. I paid for a year membership up front because I don't like any business accessing my bank account. I don't really know if the staff is nice because I'm usually gone before they arrive. I'd give it 5 stars but it's not too clean. The bathroom is slightly unkept and it smells. Dust and dirt throughout the gym. I wash my hands when I leave so it really doesn't affect my routine. Overall I recommend this gym.
5	My wife and I have been going here for around 8 months and really like the smaller feel, although it can be crowded during the normal busy hours just like every gym we have been to. Our trainer Lisa is great and continues to push us to be stronger.
5	This gym is so much better than the LVAC on Flamingo.  It's so much cleaner, no dumb teenagers hogging the machines while on the phone and talking, good music, and free wifi.Free wifi is probably the best perk just because I don't have unlimited data plan (only 2Gb).  Free towel service also!This place is never over crowded, with just the right amount of people at the peak hours of the day.  And there aren't any roided out douchebags yelling while working out here at Edge (thank god).The dumbbells are always organized and put back.  I believe the highest weight they have is 220 per dumbbell? Overall, this is the perfect gym for anyone that lives in Mountains Edge.  Less than a 5 minute commute, you can't beat that.
4	Small local gym in the Southwest side of Las Vegas for people who would rather not wait for amusement part-like waits at major gyms such as LVAC. I've been told by every LVAC subscriber that I've met that the only flaw which is the major flaw of that gym it is overcrowded beyond fire safety capacity limits.You won't have that same issue here at Edge. At least not during the evening time (5pm - 7pm). There is even an Olympic rack for deadlifts and powercleans. Only flaw in that this is a small gym is that there is only one bench press. But apparently, I'm not waiting like most people at LVAC.
2	I did a spraytan here earlier today and for some add reason it sprays like you have spots everywhere. It is not a fine mist that I expected. I like the idea of spraytan but not the dotted spraytan if you know what I mean. Anyhow the front desk staff was very nice so I gave a 2 star but the actual versaspa is better on Rainbow. I have dark spots everywhere I look like a dalmatian :) I am glad it will fade away in a week.
1	I called to sign up for another year... And was constantly put on hold. Horrible customer service !!!! Needless to say I went with another gym =)
4	After finding a great deal on Groupon we decided to join this gym. We are happy with it, however there are always huge dudes in there grunting in the mirror. It's intimidating, but if you are able to focus on you then you can overlook those guys. We will continue our membership as it is very convenient. We have noticed that no one wipes down machines and haven't seen anyone who works there cleaning either, but they are a pretty busy place.
4	Come here as a guest and work out with my friend. Clean gym. Nothing is out of place most of the time. Quiet too, not as noisy as regular gyms such as lvac and they have all the equipment you need. You can really focus on what you need to get done. Usually I need headphones when working out but not here. Zen like feeling when working out.
1	The only reason I am a member at this gym is because it is located close to my house. I need to update my payment with Edge due to an expired card, which they definitely do not let me forget. Yesterday I received 70 emails, flooding my inbox, and today so far I received 35 emails again all addressing the same matter. I replied back letting them know I will update my payment when I go in next, however I am still getting the emails. I had no choice but to block them.This is not even the worst of it.
4	I've been going to this gym for about a year now. It's a small neighborhood gym, which is convenient if you live in mountain's edge. It never gets crazy busy and has pretty much everything you need to get in shape and stay in shape. I have never had to wait to use any piece of equipment at this gym which is a plus. I was not a fan of small gyms before since I have an LVAC membership, but I like this gym.  It's close to home and I don't have to drive 20 minutes to the nearest crowded LVAC.
4	Really nice community gym that's literally 5 minutes away from home. It's got all the basics you need for weight/resistance training: Wide range of dumbbells, bench, and even an Olympic style squat rack. I used to be a member at LVAC but soon left after finding out about Edge. It's a lot cheaper, a lot closer to home, and a lot less packed (last reason being the #1 why I left lvac). My only gripe is that there's no locker rooms. There are lockers, but there is no dedicated room to change outfits. Coming from work or riding my motorcycle here, I bring my gym clothes separately. I'll change in the restroom stall which is inconvenient. Overall, a great gym that's close to home with all the equipment you'll need. I'd rate 3.5 stars but since Yelp goes by whole numbers I'll round up and give Edge a 4/5
1	I bought a groupon for 2 spray tans. I've never had one and the girl expected me to know what to do and was very rude when I asked for help. I opted for the clear spray...and was told I'd see results over the next 8 hours. I didn't see a darn thing the next day. It was a waste of money! The next time I went in I got the bronze spray... I looked like snooki... like an orange over bronzed over tanned "tanerexic" it was awful. I'll never be back here, the staff, the product.. GARBAGE!
4	Went their yesterday for the first time. Very clean and well organized.Lots of nice equipment and plenty of cardio exercise equipment.Nice to have a gym like this so close by the house.
5	Their versa spa gives you great color that lasts from 5-7 days. I haven't used their gym but love that they offer groupon, living social and amazon local deals. 2 spray tans for $20 and the last time I went in they offered me as many spray tans as I wanted to purchase for $10 a piece, handed me cards for my purchases and could be used at either location. Rainbow location is closer to me but I prefer the versa spa off blue diamond vs Rainbow's mystic.
5	Love getting my swole on here over any LVAC. The pec machine is always available here
