3	I have mixed feelings about this place.  On one hand, the units are spacious and thoughtfully laid out.  They also have fireplaces, wet bars and decent sized balconies.  I would personally never rent a unit here for two main reasons, though.  First, there is no in-unit laundry, only laundry rooms.  Secondly, and the main deal-killer for me is their horrendous parking situation.  They only have one assigned parking spot per unit, and virtually no guest parking at all.  Since a majority of households have two cars these days, the few guest spots are eaten up quickly and it becomes a frenzy a space stealing in order for residents and guests alike to park here.  I've never seen any apartment parking situation  this bad before.
4	Decent place to live
2	The apts on the side of sahara smell like sewer ugh and since I singed a lease nothing I can do... when I first moved in I guess they were in such a hurry for the $$ they didn't clean rite stains on the carpets stains on the walls I guess they didn't paint some of the blinds had blood and there was holes on walls the balcony door wouldn't close rite the balcony out side door had a hole the floors were cracked and the sinks had burn marks still does and I've been here for like 5 months 1/2 floors have cigaret burn marks and I dont smoke... oh and when they came to fix my stuff they took my bucket (they replaced it with a really cheap one) I know its just a bucket but seriously u know what u come in my house with no need to take stuff dont give permission to go in if u aren't home...  I had to complain about my dishwasher flooding my kitchen twice they said they fixed it and it flooded my kitchen again till they finally replaced it... also a lot of big cockroaches u have to keep ur fire place closed or they will fly in... u dont see them walking outside in the day but there is way to many at night I dont think they even do anything for the outside only the inside... also the gate for cars to come in is always breaking it only takes them 2 or 3 days to fix... other then all that i think they pick good tenants to live here because its not ever out of control except for some out side ppl coming in the apts for a shooting (only happened once) but they have UNARMED SECURITY... Posted a lot of pictures hope it help btw the lady Dolores in the office is rude she has no patience for people gets mad for everything definitely not a people person will laugh at your face and gets up set for everything.
5	I have lived here over two years. I love my apartment. It's quiet here, they are always taking care of the ground but they are never loud. It's nice. I don't like that there is no washer and dryer in the unit and one of the employees that work in the office has horrible customer service but the manager is amazing has always helped me with things i need fixed. It's sad I have to move (moving out of state) but I would say for the price and what you get it's pretty nice
