4	I have a couple friends that work here and they say they like it. I came into visit shortly after it opened and it's never been overly packed (except the outdoor seating is always full), which is nice. I'd say it's more for an older crowd or at least a more relaxed one. The variety of beer and wine is awesome. I thought the sliders there were delicious, same with the soups and salads. Of all of the bars downtown, this one definitely has the best food.The actual atmosphere on the other hand is really nice. There are old pews, vintage chandeliers, and a beautiful wooden piece in the back of the main room all from old Churches, and it was the 7th bar opened by the owner, hence the name Seven Saints. It's all pretty cute and makes a nice place to have an outside dinner. I'd recommend it for sure!
1	Gone down hill. I used to love their sliders and salads, but the service here is atrocious. The latest time I tried to go, we sat down and proceeded to be ignored for 30 minutes even as the servers saw us. Finally someone said they would get to us, but 10 minutes later, we just left. Oh, and this was a Monday night. It's worse on weekends.
1	I wasn't expecting much from Seven Saints, yet somehow I still left disappointed.There doesn't appear to be a beer menu, perhaps because they're really proud of their Jameson and Red Bull cocktails (ick) and would rather advertise those on your table.  This would be okay if they hadn't hidden the drafts behind columns such that it's impossible to discover what types of beer they have.The food menu was more promising.  It's split into two parts:  half the items were ripped off from Crane Alley (beet chips with goat cheese, sweet potato fries, cajun crab cake) and the other half are "sliders".  Upscale White Castle.Frankly, the food wasn't particularly bad.  My friend enjoyed his salad.  But it wasn't particularly good either:  his slider was only so-so and my sandwich was like a salt lick.  But I probably would have gone back just to break up the monotony of eating downtown if the service hadn't sucked.When our waitress finally got around to us, I ordered a sandwich.  She came back five minutes later to tell me that there had been a "permanent substitution" with that item.  By substitution, she meant that it was nothing at all like the description - perhaps it still had the same kind of bread.When I told her I didn't want this new sandwich, she made a big deal out of me being "too picky," and telling me that the kitchen was now going to be mad at her."Permanent substitution"?  Seriously, print new menus and lose the attitude.
3	Having only consumed their alcohol at an outdoor table, I can't really comment on the interior or the food.  However, a girl we were with kept praising the waffle fries.  I thought our drinks were served quickly & were reasonably priced, and I liked the fact that no one was trying to move us inside even though it was midnight and 8 of us were still sitting there.  I was surprised, and actually though our waitress was joking if, when we asked for the check, she asked if we wanted on check or separate checks.  I almost expect to get attitude from a server if a two-top asks for separate checks.  It took her awhile to sort everything out, but hey, she asked for it.  Kudos to her for making my life a little easier.
3	I went here for my birthday dinner upon recommendation from a friend. I agree with a previous reviewer, the ambiance of this place has a restaurant chain feel. The crowd was what looked like a mix of graduate students and older couples.Seven Saints is known for their sliders, these mini burgers, kinda like what White Castle serves. The sliders are about $3 to $4 bucks each so it's perfect for ordering a slew of them. I ordered fried cheese curds  for appetizers which were delicious though a little soggy (then again, anything fried pretty much tastes good). There are plenty of vegetarian options. Any slider can be replaced with a boca burger (50 cents extra), but in my opinion a boca burger patty overwhelms any other taste. So what you end up with is pretty same tasting burgers - my boca blackjack cheese slider tasted like my Asian one. The waffle fries were especially good though (better than The Office's ones in Urbana IMO). The beer selection is limited so this place is decent to take group for dinner - there are better bar options for drinks elsewhere. The service was adequate and attentive, but not overly so. What's with the Third Eye Blind love? There were like 3 TEB songs that played that night :S There's also some outdoor seating. I could definitely image coming back here for lunch.I also like the fact that Seven Saints is directly across from the bus/train station (who needs to spend 10 bucks on a cab when there's convenient public transportation nearby? My friends rode their bikes here and took a bus back home (they have racks on the front of the bus to load bikes).All in all, Seven Saints is a decent option for lunch and dinner, but you can find better spirits elsewhere (i.e. Blind Pig, others)
3	This is one of my favorite places to grab dinner and drinks with friends, but only when I have a lot of time on my hands.The food is good and the prices are on the high side of fair.  The problem is the service.  Really slow and with an attitude, no matter when you go or who your server/bartender is.  They seem unable to handle a crowd of more than about 3 tables without the staff having a melt down.I go because I like the food, they have a good beer list, and the place is quiet enough that you can actually talk to the people you're with.  It's a really nice place to kill a few hours and catch up with old friends.
3	My first few trips to Seven Saints were excellent. The place had just opened. The service was excellent. This would have been a four star review had that not changed. Perhaps the owners need to start dropping back in or have people mystery shop the place.The menu - while not wildly innovative - was well thought out. The appetizers are well done and set up to share, though the fried portabella mushroom strips on the Seven Sinners plate had that 'I've sat in cold storage' flavor to them. That said, the cheese curds and also the beet chips were excellent. I liked the sliders - favoring the blackjack and the buffalo chicken slider. The triple-S plate used to be more of a deal when they would allow you to get two sliders and either a soup or salad. I was sorry to see that go. I've not tried the specials, and each time I've been everyone has done sliders, sandwiches, soup, or salads - so I cant speak to them. The desserts are nothing special, but were decently presented.Out first few trips, the staff was excellent.  We were seated relatively quickly despite being packed. Someone came to take our drink orders in the first few minutes. The waitress was willing to explain things to my party and make substitutions to satisfy vegetarian friends. The beer selection was decent and the mixed drinks were decently strong. While prices were a bit on the steep side, we were fairly happy. On a later trip, the service was slow, the raspberry iced tea was short on the raspberry syrup, and to be frank - I felt rushed out the door once we were done with our entree. That was too bad as the people I was with are the sort prone to ordering dessert and a couple rounds of drinks. If the place was crowded, I could have understood, but it seemed sort of empty.Other reviews have mentioned a chain-like feel. It's true the same group owns a few other local bars - so I'm assuming they use the same architects, designers, and back-office staff. That said, I kind of like the decor and think with a little work on the service Seven Saints could warrant four stars.
4	The sliders are good, and they have decent selection of draft beers (including Rogue Dead Guy!).  The asian slider is average, because the wasabi mayo could have used a little more of the wasabi.  The smokey bacon cheese slider was awesome for a person who likes to be kicked in the teeth with flavor:  crispy bacon, smokey BBQ sauce, smoked cheddar.My wife ordered the coup de grace: the tropical slider with grilled pineapple and thai peanut sauce.  Since you might order 2 or 3 sliders anyway, this one is well worth trying!
4	Summer in Champaign is ALL about outdoor seating. This great new restaurant has got it right. With plenty of space out and inside, and self-seating, the atmosphere is always semi-casual and always welcoming. After looking at the menu, we expected an average dining experience, based on the fact that the menu accentuates burgers (they call their mini-burgers SLIDERS) and salads...not our usual dining-out fare.However...the wings are the BEST WINGS we have ever had in our lives. They are not your usual buffalo-drowned bits of suspiciously massive chook, these are fine specimens of realistically-sized, expertly-cooked bird, served crispy with your choice of two sauces, (there are lots to choose...from BBQ to Thai Peanut and beyond).In ordering, we found that each ordering the Slider/Salad combo worked really well, although sharing sliders and tasting different flavors also works well. There is an extensive beer/wine selection, including some fashionable Spanish options, however we seriously question a wine list without a single New Zealand option, especially in the Sauvignon Blanc section. Our favorite sliders so far have included the Buffalo Chicken, the BlackJack, the California Turkey and the Salmon, although we highly recommend asking for NO BUTTER on the buns if you are interested in 'eating lightly'. Our two salads (Goat Cheese and Spinach/Fried Chicken Salad) were both surprisingly delicious, after so many below-average iceberg salads in the mid-west.All in all, we think they have found a niche targeting people who appreciate casual dining prepared exceptionally well. This is the PERFECT OPTION for those diners who want a home-town up-scale alternative to Ruby Tuesday, Steak n Shake, Fridays, or perhaps even Guido's at the same price and not at the mall!Expect to spend $30 on food for 2 courses for 2 people.
3	This place was recommended to me, and I enjoyed myself.  When we first walked in, I wasn't sure if I was underdressed, was it a dinner only place, the dark lighting, the fancy decorations, I couldn't tell.  But the maitre d' was totally welcoming, and when I asked "Are you food only or can we get drinks?" he laughed and said it was no problem, and asked where we wanted to sit. We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very nice and got us our drinks fast.  After we sat down, we realized we should have sat outside because of the beautiful weather, but didn't feel like moving.  I didn't look at the food menu, but a few people I was with ordered food.  Unfortunately, 2 of the 3 orders were wrong.  One friend doesn't red meat, and ordered chicken in her salad, only to bite into a piece of steak.  Another friend said her food was just okay.They had some nice beer choices, and after several years in CA, the prices seemed reasonable.  And actually, I ordered a beer on tap that I didn't end up liking.  The bartender saw that I wasn't drinking it, and asked if I wanted something else.  No problems, no extra charges- it was very considerate.  Granted, I should have asked for a taste before I bought it, but I would have eventually drank it.  It was just an extra bonus that I was able to get something else that I really enjoyed.  Overall, a pleasant experience, and I would recommend it.
4	Every time I come here, it's on a whim and it becomes some accidental hetero man-date with my friend Nathan.That said, the sliders are pretty good, the appetizers are good, but avoid the whole fried food platter.  You'll pray that your greasy oily body explode after a few too many fried cheese curds or mushrooms.  Damn.Beer selection is pretty large, but look out for a slightly odd and random crowd on Friday nights.  One night: an entire party of cougars hitting on a waiter, a drunk guy wandering from table to table in an attempt to watch the game, a bunch of townie girls trying to be "classy" and failing miserably (drunk plus booty shorts plus heels = No).That said, drinks are strong, beer selection is nice, and food is pretty decent.  Not a bad choice for eats.
3	came here for a friend's birthday recently.  the food was alright, just a bit too greasy and unoriginal.  as another dining companion put it, they have good ideas but the execution was off.  the drink i ordered, "the maple leaf" with canadian whiskey, lemon and maple syrup was a bit too sweet, i had to thin it out with water.  i'll most certainly be back...but seven saints was certainly nothing to "write home about."
4	The Boy and I came here because we saw a Capital Brewery sign floating in the window like a neon beacon of hope and happiness.  We sat at the bar and perused the beer list.  Sadly, the only Capital beer they had came in the form of cans of the Island Wheat.  Ew, and oh no.  Fortunately, the rest of the beer list was fairly extensive and diverse.But what's this?  Cheese curds?!  Oh, Seven Saints.  You have cut to the core of this simple Wisconsin girl. So, we ordered the cheese curds, a Rogue Dead Guy Ale and an Anchor Steam (solid beer choices, if you're in the market). The cheese curds were not cheese curds.....they were palm-sized balls of mozzarella with a light, gooey breading on them.  And they came with a delicious marinara sauce.  Let me tell you something: These 'curds' are not f'n around.  They are formidable.  We couldn't finish them, they were so heavy.  How is it that Illinois managed to out-fat bastard Wisconsin?  Go figure.  Seven Saints is a very pretty bar, at least at night.  All espresso-dark wood and nice lighting.  And the jukebox was interesting.  When we first got in there, the crowd all seemed slightly older....so it was very odd that some new hip hop/hump dancey song was bumping over the stereo.  Swiftly and even more randomly, the jukebox changed over to super hits of my early adolescence: Blind Melon, Spin Doctors, and even some Van Halen.  I was okay with this, if not a little more than amused.When it comes right down to it, we all know I'm coming back.
3	The food was good: I ordered a slider, half a salad, and a raspberry iced tea. First off, their servings are TINY compared to the price. Was tempted to get two sliders, but stuck with one, and now am very hungry. Good slider, though. Not greasy, lightly toasted bun, crunchy bacon, and tender burger. The salad I got - country fried chicken - was AMAZING. Their honey mustard dressing is light and tangy. I loved the many julienned red onion and cucumber and half cherry tomaotes! By far my favorite part of the meal. Now. The iced tea. Nuh-uh. Is NOT raspberry flavored. Very small cup for the price.I stole my sister's sweet potato fries and eh... Guido's has better. Seven Saint's fries are overly crunchy and weirdly shaped.My friend said the beer selection, though large, didn't have what he really wanted. Also, he said the Seven Saint's salad is a little...offputting. The lime and nut and fruit combo did not a salad make.The actual restaurant was pretty nice. Clean tables. The barstools weren't uncomfortably high. The service was nice, but slow. The server forgot my friend's beer, and was late with the drinks, but was very cheerful and helpful. My sister said the bathrooms were passable.Probably will come back, but will remember to get at least two sliders and a dinner-sized salad.
5	As close to a nice night out as you can find in CU.The food's always been solid, the drinks good and the service ok.However, it does get VERY noisy during the dinner hour.  While it may not be a true 5 star, for CU it deserves it.By the way, why does a city with such a strong mixed population have such a terrible restaurant scene??  Will there ever be any NICE restaurants?
4	I definitely love this place. The food is amazing, no matter if you get a salad or a slider, or both! The service is always friendly and food never takes to long. I plan on coming here a lot more often now that I'm 21 and can actually drink with my meal.
4	I had excellent service here. I ordered the "asian slaw" slider (with boca burger... not my favorite veggie burger thing but it went well with the wasabi aioli they put on it. I also had the southwest chipotle salad which was excellent, and a Fever Tree ginger ale, which was pretty cool to find in somewhere other than a beverage store. My wife's lunch came with sweet potato fries and they were awesome! I've always liked these and have been disappointed by ones that I've found recently. These were top notch. Overall, I was really pleased. For lunch for two, a Rogue Amber beer and the ginger ale, the bill was about $22. Very reasonable.
4	I'd probably give this joint 3.5 stars, but I'll make do with 4 since it was a great weekend.  Pros:1.  Good beer list.  Left Hand Milk Stout for $4.50?  This Chicago girl says yes, please.  2.  Tasty food.  I had the slider/salad/sweet potato fries combo, and everything was really good.  They're known for their sliders, apparently.3.  Great vibe.  We didn't feel rushed here.  Didn't feel pressured to drink more, and they didn't blink when our party size doubled and we moved to a different table.  Cons:1.  Small-ish portions:  At $10 for the above-mentioned meal, I felt a little.....unsatisfied.  The sliders seem pricey at  $3+ a pop, too.  2.  Service:  A bit slow.  It picked up when we started strictly drinking, but there was nary a condiment to be found during our meal.  All in all, I'd head back.  It's a nice joint in downtown Champaign.
3	The food here was ok.  The cheese curds were awesome.  The batter on them are light and the cheese itself is a big hunk.  I ordered the black and blue salad which was ok.  I was expecting a variety of greens but it was just lettuce.  The sweet potato fries were excellent. Service was good, fast and friendly.  I'd go back for the fries and cheese curds.
5	This place couldn't be any better!! My boyfriend and I went today for lunch, I got the turkey slider and the Cajun bean and rice soup, while he also got the turkey slider and the 7 saints salad. We sat outside and it was a gorgeous day, our waitress was really helpful and it was so hard to choose what to order!We both agreed that we could eat here everyday for a month and be happy. His salad was unbelievable- the sesame dressing was mouth watering. I'm from Chicago just visiting here but I would come back just for the turkey sliders. If you eat you have to go here!
4	This is a bar-restaurant with a large beer list and a menu which consists of mostly bar-food items.  Though fried, the cheese curd appetizer was a nice opener.  A variety of sliders were available and, when combined with a shared appetizer and a soup (or salad), presented more than enough food to satisfy us.
2	This place has so much potential, so it's kind of sad that they don't have better service.... My fiance and I waited at the bar for a drink for about 15 minutes before anyone asked us what we wanted. That may not sound too long, but the place wasn't even busy. And what's funny is the bartender was like purposely ignoring us. There's no way she didn't see us politely flagging her down. She had a soft drink that she was drinking, and she stopped right in front of us, took a nice looooong drink... kind of relaxing, then she looked past us out the window, and proceeded to ignore us a bit longer. And its not like we were just standing there, you can try and flag them down, but they just ignore you like alien possessed humans staring into space or something. The bartender finally asked what we wanted, but by then we were being seated so we said nevermind. Then we proceeded to have terrible service at our table, to the point that it was just kind of amusing. Oh and my cobb salad had these huge mushroom tentacle things that made me gag and we just sorta wiggled them at our friends like "look at this huge sick thing that's in my salad!" And the sliders are way over priced. The cheese curds were good, but a little heavy. I say the place has potential because it's a really nice location and the inside has a nice ambiance. There is also an extensive beer list, but none of that really matters if your service is that bad...
4	I took the Amtrak down to U of I for a football game this past weekend vs. Michigan (Illinois won - SWEET). The train got in over an hour late (which seems to be a common occurrence on this route), but I was still a few hours early for the game, so I grabbed some lunch at this place, which is right across the street from the Amtrak station. I was happy to see that it was not jam packed on game day morning. I was by myself so I sat at the bar. I was impressed with the large selection of beers available, both on tap and by the bottle. I'm used to Chicago prices, so being able to get a good draft beer for under 5 bucks was great. They also have Miller High Life on tap for $2 if you're looking to go "cheap."Food wise, I went with a couple turkey sliders, since the menu claims that is what they are "famous" for. I also had some of the sweet potato fries. The sliders were just okay, I wasn't blown away by them or anything. Same thing with the fries. The portion was large, but I wasn't crazy about them (I went ahead and doused them in ketchup after I realized they weren't that good). It was a meal that was adequate, and not expensive (each slider was $2.50 and the fries were $1.99 if I am remembering correctly), so I'm not complaining. My total for 2 draft beers, the food, and tip was just over $20.The bartender introduced himself as "Billy Mays" and had on an Oxyclean shirt, which was his Halloween costume. He was nice enough and occasionally engaged in small talk, even as the place started to get more crowded. I didn't have any problems with him keeping my water and beer full, and my food was correct, so no issues there.When all is said and done, I can't give this place 5 stars simply because I wasn't blown away by anything. But this is definitely a sold 4 star establishment.
3	Seven saints has a good atmosphere and decent food. Always order the cheese curds.Their sliders are good, but maybe a tad pricey. I used to be a fan of the black and blue salad, but its been steadily getting worse over time.They have a good selection of beer.  Anyway, it beats out all the campus town bars, but for down town champaign its ok. I come here for burgers and beer.  When I just want good beer, i go down the street.
4	even with me being extremely picky about my meat, my boy and i come back to this place time and time again, and it is the go-to place to take anyone from out of town. i love the atmosphere of this place. i've gone on all nights of the week, and i have never been there when it was too crowded or too loud. the service has always been good, especially when you sit at the bar. i've always had great recommendations from the servers for both beer and food (their beer list is great...tons of options). on to the food...i typically get the triple s deal (you choose from salad, soup, slider, and side) and i get: a salad (i like the aisan salad and the blt salad sans bacon), their waffle fries or sweet potato fries, and then i substitute in a boca burger for one of their sliders. the different sliders i've tried have been good, and the only complaint my boy had was with the brat slider (said it just didn't feel right having a brat patty). the flavors are always good, and the portions are perfect. the only thing i've tried that i haven't liked are the cheese curds. living in wisco for 4 years, i have had my fair share of cheese curds and these just don't do it for me. but, some of my out-of-towners have said they don't mind them.another perk is the prices. without alcohol, our bill was about $20 for 2 people with tax. with alcohol, for 2, our bill is between $30-$50 (depending on if we're having beer or hard alcohol).so, test it out and see what ya think, but i'm thinking you're gonna like it.
4	This is one of my favorite local restaurants in CU. First of all, the atmosphere is really amazing. A lot of care was taken to make the inside of this place something special. It has a slightly dark, gothic feel yet it still feels very cozy and inviting. I do wish the space was a bit bigger, however, as it can get busy very quickly and you'll run out of places to sit.Service-wise I've almost always had great service. The wait-staff is friendly and the bartenders are fast and responsive. They have a nice selection of spirits. The best part has to be the food, though. They have a nice selection of salads. My absolute favorite is the Seven Saints Salad. I've never tasted anything quite like it. It has a crisp bed of greens topped with tiny hot green peppers and a VERY generous portion of pieces of steak. The steak is flavorful and moist and the whole salad has a clear dressing that compliments the other components perfectly. The best part is that you can have the salad as part of a special served with a couple of their sliders for around $8. It's a great deal.Speaking of their sliders, they have a really wonderful selection of mini-hamburgers. They aren't as heavily greasy as you might expect from a traditional slider. My favorites are probably the Asian slider with it's wasabi spread, the Buffalo Chicken slider (with an amazing sauce on a crispy piece of chicken and served with ranch dip) and the Blacjack burger. There are a ton more and pretty much anything to suit your taste.Another standout aspect of Seven Saints are their appetizers. If I have one complaint it's that they seem incapable of keeping their Beet Chips ready to order. Out of the five times I've tried to order them, I've only ever been able to get them twice. I don't know if I've just had bad timing or what but I do wish they were a bit more diligent with those. If you do manage to order them they are delicious and are served with a yummy goat cheese dip. If they are out of them, there are still a lot of great options. You can't go wrong with either of their mushroom appetizers.
3	I went here for lunch today. I ordered the mushroom brie soup, Cesar salad and turkey slider. The mushroom soup was very good although I don't think it is very good for you. It was thick and salty and had a lot of mushrooms in the cup. Very good. The salad was good also. They put a lot of salad in the bowl so I poured my salad out onto the big plate (or platter) that everything came on and cut it up. The turkey burger was not good. I took the burger off and just ate the bacon and avocado on the bun. I didn't finish it though because it really wasn't that good. We were hopping to sit outside since it is such a nice day but they haven't put their outside tables and chairs out yet. I will go back but I will avoid the turkey burger at all costs.
5	I've been a couple times, and on my most recent trip was pretty darn satisfied. Yes, there are finer restaurants in CU, yes there are cheaper bars, and yes there are better crowds, however I sure enjoyed the hell out of my last trip. Here's why: they have an excellent liquor selection with a focus on Irish, Scotch, and Bourbon Whiskies. Their food menu has a nice balance of innovation and old standards and was well-executed for everything our group of 6 ordered. Service is quick (turn and burn, baby!) even when they're full. If you are careful, the food and drink is actually quite reasonably priced: soup/sandwich combo, 2x beers, huge club with excellent sweet potato fries all for $30 (whiskey tab was a different story- but worth it). You certainly could spend more on you food here, but if you get the cheap stuff you will still be happy. Also, on Wednesdays, they have HALF price on all their whisky/ey!The bartender also runs classes on the appreciation of this complex but enthralling (some would even say intoxicating) beverage.
3	I went here for dinner and drinks with some friends one night to celebrate someone's promotion... overall it was a pretty decent experience but nothing really special... I just ordered the sweet potatoe fries which were really good. ( I loooooove sweet potato fries!) Another one of my friends got these salmon mini burger things. He said they were ok but when I tried a bite it was pretty gross. I usually love salmon. This mini burger just tasted like fishy salt! Ew. Other people seemed really happy with their dishes though... just don't order those salmon burgers. They have a pretty decent beer selection with some really good microbrew selections, as well.The service was ok... the waiter was pleasant but I had to wait a fairly long time to get a refill on my drink.
5	Seven Saints is, hands down, my favorite place to go in Champaign. It has the perfect atmosphere to enjoy a night, with great food (esp. the buffalo chicken sliders and cheese curds!), an amazing spirits list with tons of awesome and very very affordably priced, whiskies, and a relaxed, comfortable feel. Andy is an exceptional general manager who takes clear interest in creating a positive personal experience for the customers, and the service is exceptional. That's not even to mention the AMAZING 50% off whiskeys every Wednesday night :) I can't say enough about how great this place is!
3	The food is good, but not great. However, the tomato bisque soup is available daily, and it is absolutely fabulous.
5	I think that Seven Saints is wonderful!  I have been there now a few times and everything is delicious.  I also find it to be reasonably priced!
5	I honestly got all my friends to go here. I went here for a friends birthday and FELL IN LOVE with their food. I ALWAYS get the grilled chicken slider with their honey mustard for dipping and their asian salad, it is seriously to die for yummy!We always get a plate of cheese curds for the table since we can't resist.For the many times I've made a decision to go back to Champaign for a visit, I'll admit, dining at Seven Saints has always heavily swayed my decision towards making the trip!
3	I give it 3 stars, not because of its products or service, but because of its prices. I live in the east coast and have been to plenty of nice places that are much better and charge about the same for drinks and food - but this is not NYC or Philly, so come on! I have also been to many places in the Savoy/Champaign/Urbana area and there are other installments, as nice as this one, that charge a more reasonable fee for drinks. Other than that, I like the staff and the food, specially the sliders and a steak salad they have. It would be nice if they had a live band once a week.
5	I love coming here for Whiskey Wednesdays. Every week they pick a category of whiskey to be half-off. They have a great selection and usually some off-menu specials. They really know their whiskey so this is a great place to try something new of you have discriminating taste. This is possibly my favorite feature of any bar in the area.They always have a nice selection of beer on tap too (at a nice range of prices) and have recently started "Brewsdays" with some nice beer specials.Seven Saints has some quality food too. Sliders, salads, sides, desserts... It's all delicious. Definitely try the sweet potato fries or beet chips. My only complaint about the menu is that, since I tend to order vegetarian, the options can get a little stale (though you can sub in a veggie burger on any of their sliders).My favorite meal? California Turkey Slider (sub a veggie burger, hold the bacon), waffle fries, and the Southwest Chipotle Salad.And last, but not least, the atmosphere: Seven Saints feels classy, but not so classy that you'll feel underdressed if you show up in a t0shirt and jeans. It's a darker feel and the furniture and decorations are detailed and thought-out. Even when it's busy, they bar doesn't get too terribly loud so it's great for a date or a night out with friends if you'd like to be able to have a conversation at the table.
3	My wife and in went here about six months ago. The fact that we have not been back since then probably implies something.We had some pretty darn good onion rings for an appetizer. My wife had a Tomato Pesto Grilled Cheese sandwich that we thought was pretty good, along with a nice Tomato Bisque. I had a trio of Sliders: Asian, Tropical Stack, and Salmon, served with Sweet Potatoe Fries.I grew up in an area that had White Castle restaurants. Now, I never went there unless pressed, but I do know what a slider is.The problem with these was not the taste, which was fine. Nor the size, which was small. The problem is that sliders are moist / greasy. Now, I'm not saying that having a non-greasy slider is a bad thing from a healthful eating perspective. But if you're going to call something a slider, there has to be something non-dry about it. sigh.Service was friendly.I would like to get back there and try some other items, but we always seem to think of someplace else we'd rather eat.
3	We prolly should have come in a lot earlier.  First available table was right by the door.  It was pretty cold the whole time we ate.  Food was great but since it was so busy our wait service wasn't that great. I'd definitely still come here again but this time was so-so.
4	Seven Saints has actually become one of the places that I like to hang out most in downtown Champaign. The manager is incredibly knowledgeable about different hard liquors and cocktails, especially. I've been to a couple tastings there where he has gone through how things are made and why they taste the way they do. He's super cool.The whiskey selection is top notch, the beer selection is respectable, and the ambiance is great.I've also had some of their other food, some of the sliders are really delicious as well as the salads. There are still some items that don't belong on the menu but the majority of their food is great.I would definitely recommend this place to others. Yum.
2	This place is "known" for their sliders and I was impressed with the fact that they offered a vegetarian boca burger patty as a substitute for all their burgers. I really liked the atmosphere of the bar. It was a great place to watch the game I think next time but will just go for drinks since I didn't think the food was so great. I ordered the salmon slider and the salmon was so salty it was inedible. The other slider I ordered was okay nothing to rave about but the worst was the California turkey burger my friend ordered. The menu said it had avocado on it which it did but it was such a minuscule amount we literally cracked up about it.Its a clean bar and quiet enough to watch a game AND still hear the commentary but you might want to eat before you get there though.
5	Probably my favorite place to go to get some well-priced and delicious food on a night out. It's also the place I recommend when people from out of town ask where they should go for dinner. The service there is very friendly and prompt, and the food is good. I've never had the salmon burgers, but I wouldn't expect the fish dishes to be the best in the heart of Central Illinois anyway. The Buffalo Chicken Slider and Classic Slider with Cheese are my favorites, along with a side of waffle fries (although if you're a fan of sweet potato fries, they have the best in town). The chipotle ranch sauce that comes with the onion rings is amazing, the tomato bisque is absolutely out of this world and they have a great selection of whiskey and beer at the bar. I really think of this place as more of a restaurant than a bar though. They tend to get busy on Friday and Saturday nights, and if the wait is long, make sure you're back earlier than you think if you decide to walk around the area. Definitely one of the gems in Champaign-Urbana and a place that I would recommend to anyone looking for a good meal at a decent price.
4	While traveling on business to the area, my boss and I went to Seven Saints on the recommendation of some of the local employees.  It was billed as a good place to get decent food and a good beer.  Being a fan of any and all microbrews I can get my hands on back home on the east coast I was hopeful that they would have at least some local flavor from which I could sample and some food that was palatable after a long day on a plane and in airports.We got there around 9pm and the place was very quiet (not a bad thing in my mind).  We grabbed a seat at the bar and I was immediately pleased to see Southern Tier on tap.  As a large fan of this line of beer back east but only seeing it in bottle my hope grew.  Along with that some other wonderful names graced the bar taps; Dead guy (again only bottle option for me most times), Fat Tire (a beer that was raved about by my friends after a trip west but I am unable to acquire in my local establishments), and the usual Guiness etc.   Add to my excitement was the very well stocked liquor rail with such rarities as Hanger One Vodka (one of the best flavored vodka line) and Lafroaig 30yr (one of my all time favorite scotch brands).  The bartender was friendly and polite and took our initial beer order.  After scanning the menu i decided on what was recommended to me, the sliders.  Since I could not decide and was famished anyways i ordered 6 of the approximately 12 different varieties they offered.  While waiting for our food I struck up a conversation with our bartender asking for suggestions for good local beers.  He recommended a wonderful beer made by a small time brewery run by two brothers (the name eludes me at this point) and his recommendation was spot on.  By this time our food arrived and i dug into the various sliders.  They were a bit larger then I anticipated but not overly so.  Most came as described  and tasted good. No disappointment on the food front.  After downing my meal and finishing my second beer I asked for one more suggestion.  At this point the GM of the establishment joined us in the discussion over local breweries and suggested we try Foundry.  I choose a bourbon barrel aged brew called Backwoods Bastard.  Alliteration aside it was a wonderful way to end the meal.  We continued to talk and I was very impressed at the effort both the bartender and the GM himself put in for two random customers on a Monday night when they could have very easily just gone about closing up shop and leaving us to our devices.I have no bad things to say about this place and being a former server/bartender/cook I am not shy about voicing my expectations concerning a locale.  I would definitely recommend to anyone either passing through the area or local to the area to stop by sometime and try for yourself.  If the beer list and quality food is not enough of a draw they do offer specials on liquors and beer knocking the price down significantly for that day.  To fully appreciate this locale I highly recommend going on an off day as I am unsure how a busy saturday night would translate into appreciation for a simple yet enjoyable experience.
2	I just cannot get into this place. Food is ok. I've had the buffalo sliders which are spicy, the cheeseburger one, which is ok, and the brat which is good. Not impressed with beer list. I guess I feel like I always go there and want it to be a bar, but it's more like I get trapped in a booth.Some of their other food is not good (hummus, BLT, club sandwich). Drinks are ok.
4	I really enjoy going to Seven Saints when I'm in town. They've got a crazy selection of alcohol and at quite reasonable prices (at least the gin). The sliders are quite tasty. I had the salmon one which was definitely good and I also got the BBQ, which was as good as I had it on my previous visit. I believe on my first visit I also got the one with the pineapple and that was kinda wacky but still really tasty!
2	I am torn over what to do with Seven Saints.  When I first went there I thought the food was great and the drinks were wonderful.  Over time, it has lost its luster.  What follows is my progression.My first visit was mostly about the drinks.  I found the beer menu to be decent (which is what I felt like drinking that night).  I know I ordered food and I was not displeased with it.  Overall, my first experience was good and I came back for more.  My next visit included food and drinks.  I went with some sort of mixed drink that tasted fine but was not memorable.  I had the salmon slider to eat.  I did not notice if the menu listed what came with the slider or not, and the waitress did not bother to mention that the slider come with just the sandwich.  When I got my slider I realized that one mini sized salmon sandwich was not going to be enough for dinner.  Sadly, I started eating the slider before I ordered more food.  I can only describe it as a salty salmon puck.  After that, I was no longer hungry, and we went elsewhere.I returned for lunch, and had the BLT salad with the tomato soup.  I recommend both options.  The soup was so good that I came back for lunch again and paired it with the tomato pesto grilled cheese.  This was also wonderful.  In fact it was so good that I found myself craving the soup and grilled cheese one day so I went for lunch.  Now, I am not a fan of swiss cheese which is one of the cheeses in the sandwich.  I requested that the swiss cheese be replaced with provolone instead.  When I got my sandwich there was no swiss cheese, but there was no other cheese on the sandwich.  There should have been American cheese as well.  I guess the server misunderstood my request, and I figured it was an honest mistake so I didn't think it was a big deal.The last straw was yesterday.  I went for lunch again and ordered the tomato pesto grilled cheese with the tomato soup.  Again I requested that the swiss be replaced with provolone.  When I got my sandwich it was more like toast than a grilled cheese.  There was one slice of American cheese and one slice of provolone cheese on each piece of bread, but the cheese was not melty and gooey.  It was toasted and crispy.  Then the pesto was glopped on in one cold dollop.  I found the sandwich to be dry. From now on I will probably only go to this place for the drinks.  Too bad I can find drinks at just about any bar in town.  I feel let down because I really wanted to like this place.  I love the look and feel of the bar, and it has all the potential to be great.  However, if they can't even accomplish a grilled cheese sandwich why would you want to eat their food?
4	My husband and I ate here today for the first time.  The ambience and atmosphere is GREAT.  Beer selection, ditto.  Food was pretty good but I had the salmon slider and as some others have noted, it was too salty.  I also ordered it with lettuce and tomato (the waiter specifically asked me if I wanted any extras) but then it arrived with only the toppings listed in the menu.  7 Saints Salad was good, my husband's burger slider and Caeser Salad were good.  We enjoyed the hummus appetizer.  So overall a positive experience but not perfect.
1	Used to frequent this place, but the last few times I have been here, the food has been awful.  The bar is decent... but with all of those bottles, one would think the drink menu would be more expansive.  Best time to go is when you can sit outside.  However, that is less than a 3 month window... and outside of it, the ambiance is as cold as the weather. Great location.  Make better use of it.
3	I've been wanting to go here since I moved to Illinois since I have heard a lot of good things about it.  Finally my co-workers decided to make this the weekly spot to go out to eat, so I was more than happy to tag along.  We went around 12 noon, on a weekday.  The inside is pretty cozy and nicely decorated.  It's almost imperial looking with the large hanging drapes as curtains.  We had a large group of 10, and fortunately we were able to get a table.  The place itself seems very large, as there were from what I could tell, 3 distinct areas to sit in, and an outside dining area as well.All and all though, the place came across as very average to me once everything was said and done.   Granted the restaurant was pretty busy, it took our server literally 15 minutes to come get our order, and another 15 to just get our drinks (and most of us just had water).The food did not take too long to come out, but once again I wasn't impressed at all.  I got the club sandwich with waffle fries, and I can't say it was bad at all, but there was just not a thing special about it.  It's your typical greasy fare typee of place too... Fries oozing grease, bread and buns slathered with butter, etc.  I also tried some of the cheese curds (sounds disgusting, but quickly found out it's just like a round mozerella stick), waffle fries, sweet potato fries, and a classic slider (which apparently is what they are known for... sliders that is)  All of it was just very average, and even the acclaimed slider was nothing special.  I would probably not go here again if I had the choice, but other than I long wait to get waited on and an even longer one to get some drinks, there is really nothing too major I can dock the restaurant for other than it just did not appeal to me much personally.  I should note our server was very friendly, but I just can't really get into the food.  Just a very average joint.
4	This is a nice little place. Nice staff, cool decor.I ordered the goat cheese salad (spring greens, grapes, strawberries, goat cheese, sweet roasted walnuts, and fruity vinaigrette) and a salmon slider. The food was decent... Loved the salad, but might not get the salmon again as the flavors just didn't work for me. However, they do substitute boca patties on any of the other sliders for $0.50 extra so I might try that next time.What I really like about this place is the strong drinks! Two drinks and I had a nice buzz, and I'm normally not a two-drink lady. The signature cocktails listed on their menu are pricey, but I ordered a Tom Collins (not on the menu) and it was $3.50, which is pretty good in my book.
3	Worth eating here but not exceptional. I am a poor person so restaurants that are *slightly* more expensive have to be worth the extra cash for the marginal improvement of food quality. I can't say spending more money was worth it to me. Ok bar to drink at.
5	I had a great time here last night. Good food, fun atmosphere. It was Guy Fawkes night. I had no idea what that was, so it was fun to learn about it and see people wearing masks.
1	Ate here Saturday evening, 12/10/11 for dinner with my girlfriend.  Ordered the Cheese Curds as an appetizer, my gf ordered the Tomato Pesto Grilled Cheese and I had the Ribeye Steak sandwich.  We both had two drinks with our dinner...Cheese curds came before the meal and they turned out to be pretty good.  Nothing to rave about, but average.  At last, our meal was delivered.  The bun for my Ribeye sandwich turned out to be what looked like Texas toast.  As I peeled back the bread to look at my sandwich, I was in for a huge let down!  This was the absolute worst excuse for a ribeye steak sandwich.  My biggest complaint, it was paper thin!  PAPER THIN!!!  Literately speaking, my steak was no thicker than a cardboard coaster.  The price tag on this steak sandwich was $10.  This is my biggest pet peeves when it comes to steak sandwiches...I don't mind paying upwards of $15 for a steak sandwich, but I expect good quality!   This was such a poor excuse for ribeye, I had to eat it with the top piece of toast off, just to taste the meat.  How dare they insult their customers with such a poor excuse for a steak sandwich!  My gf equally hated her grilled cheese for reasons she will explain in her own review.Once the check arrived, ($52) we asked to speak with the manager.  We both expressed our concerns with Andy, the manager.  We felt like after spending $50, we should leave the restaurant full and satisfied.  Instead, we were leaving hungry, miserable, and downright insulted!  Andy rattled off various reason as to why my steak might have been a little on the thin side.  He apologized for the size of the steak, and offered us 2 free drinks to make up for our poor experience.  REALLY???  We spent over $50 and all he was going to do was give us two free drinks?  No thanks!  We refused the free drinks, and made sure he knew he just lost two customers for good.I'm not looking for a handout!  I'm not looking for my money back...but the way he handled our situation was horrible!  If a customer spends $50 in your restaurant and absolutely hated the food, two drinks is not enough to make up for this!  I expected a credit or a gift card to come back and give Seven Saints another chance.  Now, I will never be back!  I can find steak sandwiches comparable to the one I had at Seven Saints at Taffies or Steak n Shake!  Keep your two free drinks!  Just know we will spread the word to anyone who will listen!  I hope you handle future situations better.
1	I have eaten here a few times and never been overly impressed with this place. Last night, I ate here and ordered the Tomato and Pesto grilled cheese.  Huge mistake.  My grilled cheese came out with one slice of hard, dried to the bread, cheese on two huge pieces of Texas toast.  It was so dry I had to ask for marinara sauce to dip it in just to choke it down.  So not worth it- flavorless and disgusting.  Kinda like how I feel about everything else I have ordered there.  OK for drinks, but avoid the food. Oh, and don't bother complaining to the GM, Andy.  He could care less. Way to keep customers.
5	This place is just wonderful.  Even though the bar is usually packed, the service and the wait staff are always friendly.  Andy, the GM, is always around and making sure everyone is happy and enjoying themselves.  If there ever was a problem, he'd do whatever it takes to make it right.  The food is excellent and the bartenders really know their stuff about drinks and they make wonderful recommendations.  I highly suggest visiting on Wednesday nights for their Whiskey Wednesdays.  I really recommended this bar because of its atmosphere, service, and quality drinks/food.
5	I absolutely love Seven Saints!  Andy is fantastic and always around to give advice on drinks and ensure the experience is as great as possible.  The waitstaff is EXTREMELY knowledgable on different liquors and beer.  They are particularly helpful on whiskey and beer, but more than adequate on just about anything else as well.  The only negative thing I can say is they have changed my thoughts on what to expect out of waitstaff, and I have found many other bars/restaurants lacking.The drink list is huge, and new things are constantly being added.  Its very common for there to be a few "off the list" specials, particularly on Wednesday nights.  Wednesdays are a great night to go since 1/4 of the whiskey is half off that night in rotation.  I have tasted a ton of different whiskeys I never would have tried if it wasn't for this night.  The waitstaff is always glad to recommend something new based off your criteria, and I have ended up purchasing several bottles from my home bar after trying them at Seven Saints.The food is good, and always comes out quick.  I am particularly fond of the cheese curds, waffle fries, and sweet potato fries.  Most sandwiches are sliders, so don't expect a large sandwich.  They have a deal where you can split soup, salad, and a slider for a good price, that's normally what I choose.  Their caesar salad is great!
5	We go to Seven Saints every Wednesday night for whiskey Wednesdays.  This is a fantastic night where a certain type of whiskey is half off, and we get really good deals.  We LOVE our bartenders, particularly Zach--they are friendly, fast, and super fun to hang out with.  If you like whiskey, or feel like going out on a Wednesday night, you should definitely hit up Sevent Saints.  It's the best!
5	Love it. The food is good, the service is GREAT. I just love this place!!!! SLIDERS ALL THE WAY!!
4	I am from Champaign, raised there until the age of 20, when I escaped to Austin. I still go back every year for Christmas to visit family and friends, and when I do, Seven Saints is a must-hit place for food. And I get the same thing every single time.The Triple S Combo Platter. One salmon slider. BLT salad (although I have also tried the Country Fried Chicken Salad... sounds weird but was really tasty). And the tomato basil soup. This is a trifecta of yumminess in my tumminess. There has only been once when the food all tasted kind of off, possibly a bad day. But every year, it always pleases me. And the bill isn't so bad. I don't really drink here, but have had a mojito that was alright, nothing special. I will continue frequenting this establishment for my yearly Christmas visiting. Please stay in business Seven Saints, otherwise I will be forced to make this food on my own and it won't be pretty.
2	Went here for lunch today and it was just so-so.  I ordered half portobella mushroom sandwich and half black and blue salad.  I love salads but this one just wasn't right.  The steak in it was so chewy.  I took it off the salad but then the salad was still warm.  It had grilled onions and mushrooms on it which I find odd.  I think it's weird to have grilled onions in a salad.  Maybe it's me but it's just not right.The mushroom sandwich was soggy and not very good.  Actually the mushrooms were just fine but putting it together in a sandwich with cheese and red peppers just didn't do it for me.  They do not go together in my opinion. Basically, I found both items odd.The server was great and the food came out fast I will give them credit for that.  I have been here a few times and this is not a place that I would volunteer up if someone was asking for suggestions where to eat.Some people love it and some people don't.
2	I've been here a few times, and all the earlier ones were pretty good, but this last time was just horrible. I went here on a Saturday with a group of 12. We got there around 8pm. I knew this place was usually busy but when we put our name in, they said it would take 30 minutes. So we figured we would wait since we had not been there in a long time. After an hour of waiting, they were able to seat 6 people. The other 6 had to wait for an adjacent table to open up. It did not open up for another 30 minutes. So I was just really confused on how they would tell us it would take 30 minutes when really it took 1 hour and 30 minutes. The first half of our group had already ordered for us in an attempt to save some time since everyone was starving. After we were seated, it took about 10 minutes for our server to come ask us what we wanted to drink, and then another 10 minutes to actually get our drinks. The food was alright. I usually get different sliders, but decided to try the steak sandwich. It was pretty good, a little messy though since there was a ton of oil that came with it. After we finished, the guy took all of our plates, and then it took 10 minutes for him to ask us if we were ready for the check. then it took him another 10 minutes to get us the check. And then another 10 minutes to charge all the cards. That was one of the worst dining experiences I've had. Over 2 hours of just waiting for things. You would think that with a larger group, he would have paid more attention to us but guess it doesn't work that way.Like I said earlier, I've been here before and they were ok experiences, which accounts for the 2nd star. But we'll see if I ever go back in the near future. Just pissed that we waited so long when the server kept saying it would be 5-10 more minutes every time we asked.
4	The sliders here are great!  I've tried the hawaiian, the tuna, the bbq, black & blue, and I've really enjoyed all of them.  I usually order a slider with a small salad, and their salads are really filling.  Ordering a few different sliders is a great way to try different flavors in one sitting, you don't have to commit to one giant burger.  They have great service and good beer here to.  Great place to start a night at!
4	Everyone knows this place is known for their sliders, and they are certainly worth a try.  I liked them enough to go back a few times while living in the area, and always had a good service and good food.  Never tried anything outside of the sliders.
3	the service has always been good when i've been there.  i even once walked there with my husband and our young son in a stroller.  they were awesome enough to accommodate our larger than life stroller in another room while we dined with our progeny.  no dirty looks about the baby stroller.  just awesomeness as they stowed it away in another room.  that gets a star all by itself.the beer selection is top notch, so if you're into that.... you're covered.  if you like cheese products deep fried and dipped in crazy fattening ranch dressing... you're also in luck.  apparently it's great.  i've never eaten it, but i've heard tell.  the sliders are okay.  not great.  not bad.  just okay.  i get the vegetarian burger.  it's... meh.  i can heat up a griller patty in the microwave at home and put it on a tiny bun for all of about $1.25.  i understand that businesses have to make money, but at least make me feel like i'm getting something new and exciting for the price.this place would get a solid two stars from me if not for the amazing.... decadent... brown sugar oatmeal cake.  i don't eat sugar often... but when i do... it's this place for THAT cake.  holy hell.  it's terrible for you, and it's worth every penny.
3	The note I left to myself after the first time I went here was: Sliders and weird salads- melted cheese.  To you all, that should mean "They are known for sliders.  My salad was slathered in melted cheese, which I found odd."  I'm not a midwesterner, so pardon my ignorance, but is this a thing?  The good thing is that a slider and a salad is a reasonable lunch.  This is also a good place to take vegetarians because they will substitute a MorningStar veggie burger on any of their sliders.  It may not be a good place for a vegan.  People I would take here:  my BFs parents, who like simple, safe food that looks familiar and is served in an establishment that seems clean.  Road weary visitors who want to walk, eat, sleep, return to road.  Westward, ho!
5	Loved the style and ambiance of the place. Very laid back, but classy as well. The waiter was so nice and answered any and all questions I had about the very, very large liquor menu. My husband and I got the 1/2 salad 1/2 soup option which is a very nice price! The vegetable soup was very hardy and our salads were delicious. Would definitely go back if I lived nearby.
4	My teammates and I tried doing as many different places for lunch while on assignment in town, and of all the places we did, we found ourselves here the most. I can honestly say that we did not have a single bad meal here. The tomato pesto grilled cheese is amazing. Their lunch combos are just the perfect amount of food. All of the soups were tasty - my favorite was probably the Italian Wedding. Nice atmosphere and consistently good service; would return if ever in the area again.
4	I LOVE their food. Definitely give their sliders a try. The service can be a little slow at times, but I can deal with that. I always enjoy their themed days, especially Whiskey Wednesday. Also, if you're ever interested, give the absinthe a try. If the owner is there, he will give you the whole presentation and history, which is just as amazing as the drink!
3	You know, I really wanted this to be a 5-star joint.  I love the ambiance of the corner bar, dark wood, and dimly lit interior and the extensive offerings of specialty vodkas, gins, and whiskeys.  The cheese curd appetizer was very good but not out of this world.  The beer batter was a little soft and I suspect the cheese had not been frozen prior to deep frying (or not completely), which resulted in most of the cheese over-melting and dripping out of the solidified batter shell.  Still tasty, but missing the mark a little bit.  The sliders were pretty good, but the BBQ had too much botte-tasting sauce on it.  The beef was cooked perfectly though.  Caesar salad was average at best.  On the plus side, they have a nice selection of draft and bottled beer.
5	I'm from California here in Champaign on business and gave this place a try. The sliders were delicious and full of flavor (had the BBQ one and one with pineapple) and they had a great selection of beer. I'll give it try again tomorrow for some of the sliders.
3	I stopped here for lunch a couple weeks ago and the food was eh.   The decor is cool and the service is friendly, so I would recommend going here to drink and not necessarily to eat.For my appetizer I ordered the pretzels.  The cheese dip they come with was a hit and the pretzels were good.  For my meal, I ordered the chicken tenders.  These were pretty disappointing.  Chicken tenders are normally a safe bet anywhere, but these were over cooked, tough and dry.  I would not recommend them at all.  Good thing I filled up on pretzels!
3	This is another bar/restaurant in downtown Champaign. They are going for a more upscale look than say the Blind Pig or Mike 'n Molly's. Everything is very clean, and spotless. There is a wood bar and lots of tables and booths abound. Again, very nice and clean. Not a lot of character, but enjoyable.The quality is fine. Nothing wrong with the taps or bottles. The service is decent as far as taking orders and knowing what they have. Though I had to argue with several bartenders to get a half pint of a Barleywine. I don't know why that should be an argument?The food is decent. Though I am not really a fan of everything being a "slider." That makes a lot of the menu a la cart. My first visit, I ended up with a steak salad, but there was not much steak to be seen. What was there was tough and chewy.  The salad was a bit slimy as well.  The sliders are nothing bad, they just never seem to live up to what I would expect from the description.Besides a few decent offerings, the tap list is pretty generic. Eight taps that consist of Blue Moon, Fat Tire Guinness, Magic Hat, some BMC, Southern Tier Seasonal, and a managers choice (Arcadia Barleywine when I first visited).  That rotates a bit, so the selection does change.  The bottle list somewhat makes up for the sub par tap list. Mostly the usual suspects like Rogue, Bells, Goose Island, Founders, etc. Overall decent, but not ground breaking (considering the handful of really good beer bars in walking distance).Overall, just an average place to grab a beer and a meal. A slightly above average beer selection, and slightly above average food. There is really nothing that distinguishes this place above the many other restaurant in the area, and there are much better beer bars in the area without a doubt.
3	My husband and I ate dinner here tonight.  The sliders were great.....the onion rings were greasy and tasteless.   Service was excellent (but we arrived at the off-time of 4:30).  We would definitely stop here again for a quick bite to eat after work!
5	Most people come here for the sliders, but I'm going to tell you about a little known gem on their menu: the ribeye steak sandwich.This. Sandwich.Agh. It's just.. it's so good. I've always been a ribeye steak fan, and in my teens when I first learned they make sandwiches out of them, I think I cried tears of joy. Ever since my first bite, I've been on the hunt for the next best ribeye sandwich.. and my friends, I search no more.I order mine blackened, medium-rare, with their delicious waffle fries. The first time I decided on this sandwich, I didn't have high expectations. I had ordered sliders here in the past and found them just okay. However, when they brought out my huge, melty, tender, delicious sandwich, I could hear the angels singing. It was GLORIOUS. I ate every single bite, and within 2 days I found myself back at Seven Saints, ordering another. This is my all time favorite steak sandwich, and I order it often.Aside from this amazing sandwich, the service is always good and the atmosphere is friendly and inviting. They even have ginger ale on tap, YES! Anytime I've been less than 100% satisfied, the staff has been completely accommodating and has removed any problem item from the bill, AFTER replacing it for me. I couldn't have better things to say about this establishment!
5	This restaurant/bar is conveniently located in downtown Champaign. We sat down around 6PM on a Sunday Night for dinner.Appetizer: Get the half order of pretzels. I believe this is a new menu item which comes with 2 giant soft pretzels, mustard for dipping, and an amazing jalepeno cheese sauce. The pretzel was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of salt. I could have eaten a bowl of that jalepeno cheese sauce.Main course: I love it when restaurants allow you to combine menu items, like any variety of a soup/ salad/ sandwich combo. At SS, you can definitely create a combo to your liking. I ordered the soup with half sandwich. The price and quality just blew my mind. You think a tomato bisque soup is boring? Seven Saints will change that opinion of yours! I got that tomato bisque soup with half a tuna melt sandwich and i was in food heaven.Dessert: It's very rare that I have room in my stomach for an appetizer, main course, and dessert. Well, I didn't have room, but that didn't stop me from ordering a sweet sensation. The blueberry cheesecake with ginger crust was absolutely incredible, and I don't regret that decision one bit.Service: Impeccable. I ordered an arnold palmer to drink, and I never saw the bottom of my glass. The food was prompt and our server was helpful. Even with the packers vikings game on TV, we had an extremely pleasant time.I know Illinois is known for good food, but man, I was not expecting this amazingness :) A++++++
4	I have had drinks and food here twice.  I was pleased both times, even if their prices make ordering food an occasional thing rather than a regular one.  The staff were friendly and knowledgeable both times, and they were eager to help suggest drinks to try.  The cocktails were tasty, although a little on the strong side for my tastes.  When we had a party too large for the tables in front, they gladly opened the back room for us to all sit at the same table.The sliders were good, the soup was hot and tasty, and I really enjoyed the casual atmosphere of the place.  I'm glad I'll be going back for my bf's after work outings.
5	Arguably one of my favorite bars near campus. What a beautiful bar, complete with bartenders who know their whiskey. Go on Whiskey Wednesday for half off all bourbon and whiskey. Their fried cheese curds are also surprisingly delicious. I can't wait to create some more memories in this friendly, inviting bar.
4	My first visit to Seven Saints got off to a slow start. We asked to be seated outdoors,the weather was nice and their curbside tables are nice. Well we sat for 20 min and no waitress. There were three outside but no one stopped at our table. I finally stopped the young man at the front door and he quickly found us someone to take our order. Hey everybody has an off night! My husband and I enjoy not the run of the mill beers and we were surprised to find extensive selection at seven saints. Goose island 312 for me and fat tire for my spouse.We started our dinner off with fried cheese curds. The cheese curds were golden brown and not greasy,they come highly recommended!We each ordered 2 sliders and a side of waffle fries. I had Asian and smoked BBQ slider and Doug ordered BBQ and California turkey slider. All were cooked to perfection and delicious . They have several options when it comes to the menu so I feel there is something for everyone. All in all we had a wonderful dining experience and our waitress( once we got one) was on the ball and friendly. We will be returning and I would recommend Seven Saints to our friends.
4	Seven Saints has plenty of options of all kinds if you're looking for a place to get a drink, but you prefer something outside the normal bar fare. I also had the 7 Sinners apperizer plate, which contained fried mushroom, onion rings, and cheese curds. All of it was very good and fairly priced. I would recommend.
5	Ordered a combo. Really cheap and delicious! The salad is large amount!
4	Urbana has a lot of surprises for someone who enjoys nice drinks with great food. This was one of them. They have a great selection of spirits, wine, cocktails and great food. Will not be disappointed.
4	I really do not like tomatoes in salads but every time I go to seven saints I can't leave without having the BLT salad. It's that good.   This is my go to place to take out of town company. It showcases all of the great things Champaign has to offer without the undergrad chaos. I only say four stars instead of five because service is at times slow, but the food is always worth it! There's no need to pass it up unless you're in a hurry.
5	This place is nothing short of fantastic, especially for food, but drink as well.Food: So tasty. The sliders, the cheese kurds appetizer, the waffle fries. I particularly recommend the buffalo chicken slider- easily my favorite. Do yourself a favor and ask the waiter/waitress his/her opinion on the amount of food you order- it's very easy to order too much for your party to handle.Beer: Some great seasonal beers on tap for not too much $. You can expect to see draft, seasonal beers for $4, and other beers for cheaper. There are tons of draft and bottled choices. This place has a great bar to sit, watch games, and enjoy an ice cold brew.Service: I was only with one other person so we asked to sit (and eat) at the bar. We had 2,3 staff members (bar tenders) help each other out when it came to waiting on us. They have a team approach- which leads to faster service. The bartenders knew their Illini sports, cared about the downtown Champaign environment by knowing about that weekend's events, and were very down to earth.Overall: I had a fantastic meal, including appetizers, and a beer for $21. A similar place in Chicago would be double that- and the food wouldn't be better either. Downtown Champaign has fantastic bars and eats, and this place is one of them. Seven Saints covers all of the bases- i've eaten here with my family for special occasions, and i've come here in the wee hours of the morning to get my drink on.
2	Every friend I have in the area just RAVES about this restaurant and its sliders, but i just dont see it. I have visited this restaurant twice now, both during the week and on the weekend, and have left feeling very less than satisfied.  The building itself is beautiful, the bar is stunning, the ambiance is lovely, (albeit incredibly loud- so dont go in there expecting to have a conversation with your dinner-mates), but the service is unimpressive.  There are certainly quite a few waiter/waitresses around (enough that i have watched them run into each other) but they never seem to come to my table.  Drinks take too long to be made as well as to reach my table from the bar.  I actually watched my drink sit at the waitress station at the bar with the ice melting in it for a while before it was brought to me.  I had the bavarian pretzels, which were decent by themselves, but the jalepeno sauce served with it was chunky and old, and had thickened to an almost inedible point.   As for the sliders, they were nothing special, and I thought, a bit over-priced for what they were.  I wasnt thrilled about the beef the burgers were made with, and it wasnt seasoned at all.   Absolutely avoid any slider with a Turkey Burger inside, it smelled old and.....stale? rancid? The one shining point of my visits, and the only reason this place gets a second star is because of the cheese curds.  The breading was light and crisp, the cheese had substance, and best of all, they were even delicious re-heated the next day!  The sweet potato chips are also amazing.I want to like this restaurant, but I just cant. This restaurant will never be my suggestion for a C-U dinner option.
4	Sliders are what this place is all about. Each one is between 3 to 4 dollars and tastes great for the price. It takes only about 3 to 4 sliders to fill you up, meaning this place has got some bang for its buck. The atmosphere here is great but the place is very noisy on a busy day. It's a place worth giving a shot, and even if you don't find yourself to be a fan at least it wouldn't be an expensive lesson.
4	Enjoyed the pretzel appetizer, bisque also good. I usually get the grilled cheese and the beer selection pretty decent, wish i would have asked what else they had on tap before i ordered off the menu.
5	Went there last Wednesday. Service was friendly and prompt even though they were very busy. My boyfriend is really into Whiskey and had heard that they had a great selection. According to him they have one of the best Whiskey selection he has ever seen. The staff also seemed to be very informed about the liquor they were serving.I order an assortment of sliders and my BF had the crab cakes and the chicken floutas. All the food was very good but the crab cakes were the star of the evening.Great date night, very reasonably priced, very warm atmosphere.
5	I love Seven Saints!Everything, the food, the beers (good selection of bottle beers and there is always some special on the draft), the fantastic whisky selection (probably the best in town), the bartenders (always helpful and friendly, definitely worth a big fat tip!).Tuesday the draft beers are half-price and Wednesday one type of whisky is half-price (I mean or Bourbon, or Scotch, or American... ok, u get the point).You definitely need to try the sliders, they are what make the bar famous. Also, I really love the rib eye steak sandwich, its pricey ($10), but its amazing and it comes with a side (onion rings are killers in here).There is also the possibility of ordering combos with salad, soup, etc... I never had that, but I heard its pretty good.Bottom line: this place is a MUST in Champaign. During weekend it might get crowded and with a waiting line, usually I go by myself, so I never had that problem.
5	This place is amazing. I have yet to find something I don't like here. The atmosphere is really nice. The staff is very attentive and nice. I recommend this place to everyone stopping by town.
4	I've eaten here several times and it has been a good experience. The sliders are great and keeps people coming back. I really enjoy the chili and any salad with the marinated sirloin. The have an endless list of drinks. If you're looking for fun place to go out check it out!
5	I love Seven Saints. Easily my favorite bar in Champaign, and the food's pretty good too.Let's start with the food. The sliders are fantastic. I'm boring and stick to the bacon ones, but on occasion I branch out; the tropical ones are also really good. What really sets this place apart are the chicken tenders, which are the best I've ever tried. They're reasonably priced and listed on the appetizer menu, but totally worth getting as a main course. The tomato bisque is apparently very good as well (but screw tomatoes, I'm sticking with the food).As good as the food is, the bar is even better. While the drinks are a bit expensive, if you come on Wednesday, various whiskeys are half off. They also have specials on Monday and Tuesday for wine and beer, respectively. I love the bar selection, though. Wednesdays are my favorite day, because I come to Seven Saints and try various whiskeys to sort out my likes and dislikes. If you (or someone you know) is trying to get into whiskey, this is a great place to do it. My personal favorites are the Elmer T. Lee and the various shades of Pappy they have (especially the Old Rip Van Winkle which is fantastic). My only quibble is that the whiskey passports are a bit of a ripoff. It's $5 for the little book, but normally that'd also come with some sort of swag (like a t-shirt or glass) when finished. It'd make a nice little memento for finishing the entire (64 entry) passport. Still, a great place and such a minor nitpick it barely merits mentioning. Seven Saints is fantastic.
5	We always, always stop here when we are in town. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal at Seven Saints.Firstly, there's an expansive beer and whiskey list. In terms of appetizers--we are hardly ever people who order starters, but we usually do here. Fried mushrooms, cheese curds, onion rings--they're all good and don't make you feel gross afterwards like some other places do.The salads are big and hearty. Sliders offer lots of options. And their menu allows you to mix and match things to meet your taste. Personally I like the red pepper gouda soup when they have it and the southwest chipotle chicken salad. The wait staff is friendly, but not what I'd call amazing. The vibe inside feels warm and plush. Overall, if this place was in my neighborhood, I'd be a regular.
5	My favorite place for: Whiskey Wednesday,  giant cheese curds, and tomato bisque soup.
3	First off.... they have a real deal drink selection. The beers are just like all the other taps around, (good quality independent brews) I have had a "steak salad" ( I forgot the official name of it) and the meat was a bit tough for me, I politely stacked it into a napkin and at the greens. I have rocked some sliders.. those are pretty great. There was a time when I was so very much in the mood for a Tuna Melt. I mean... a good tuna melt is so damn good. I got a tuna salad sandwich with cheese melted onto one of the pieces of bread. Not much tuna melt action. Eye of the beholder though, I get that. I appreciate that they are downtown, and quite busy often. That's good energy, not a bunch of drunko ass frats being all loud and pukey. The staff is absolutely awesome. bar, servers, everyone. My lack of a couple stars is due to the couple of times I didn't really dig the food.
4	This bar is a specialized whisky joint. I don't drink whisky but their selection for cheap to high end whisky is substantial. I typically came here on a date with the wife when she visited me during graduate school. We had to live separately for two years but enjoyed our evenings here before her flight home out of CMI. Although it's a whisky bar, they had an interesting selection of wine and beer. I always got the Mojo IPA and she got her Riesling. Aside from the relationship, this is also where I came to prefunk with the roommate before our Thursday night pubcrawls with the School of LER. Initially, my first roommate introduced me to this place when I first arrived to Champaign. We were paired by Burnham's roommate matching system. He was this smart computer science whiz. We drank here on weekends. He moved on to work for Skype. My second roommate was a Korean born Mexican. He was fluent in Spanish which culturally, he loved whisky. I think I was appointed as his wingman because he was this strange kimchee taco hybrid that was soaked in whisky that came off as a creeper. The Chinese Beijing girls loved him though and our strategies to get him laid all started here at Seven Saints. The irony is that, there was nothing Saint like going on at this establishment when we were there.
4	Pretzels were ok. Tomato bisque soup was delicious. Server was nice. Kept our sodas filled. Nice environment.
1	Sat over 20 mins waiting for a server. It was slow at 2:30p and they had 2 servers. Asked the manager what was up with the long wait and we were told we hadn't been waiting long. He was rude and we decided to leave based on his response.
4	Ate here on Saturday, March 15th, 2014.Yow.  We ordered our drinks, and they came out quick.  We followed that with an order of cheese curds which were pretty good overall.  From there, it was sliders and salad or sides.I ordered the Jack slider, and it was pretty darn good.  The food came out fairly fast, and the prices didn't break the bank.One weird thing - employees wore numbers instead of names.  I had visions of "The Prisoner" flash through my head "I will not be pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed or numbered - my life is my own."  The restrooms were clean.  All in all, a good visit.
2	Man, every time I've gone to this place, the food looks a lot better than it tastes. I've found all the food to be incredibly bland. Disappointing because the atmosphere is pretty cool.
5	This is sort of in response to a defamatory social media campaign against Seven Saints that includes a review here posted a few days ago, but I will keep my review to Seven Saints and not mention this again.I've attended Whiskey Wednesday every week for over six months, and I have sat at the bar next to people of all colors. I've never heard any complaints or noticed any discrimination or racism. People are overwhelmingly happy with their experiences here, as evidenced by how busy it is. Wednesdays do tend to get hectic, so if you are high-maintenance / demanding / have a chip on your shoulder, you may want to pick a different night to go. If you're a normal person like 99% of the other people around, you'll have a good time.With that out of the way, Seven Saints is THE PLACE to drink whiskey, especially on Wednesday, with a 1/2-price special on one of four rotating themes. Every whiskey they have is in one of the themes and will be 1/2-price on its respective day. They have an incredible selection with a whole menu page or two for each theme. The bartenders that work that night are passionate about whiskey and it shows. They know their stuff and can always make a good recommendation based on what you like, tell you why they recommend it for you, tell you what to look for, and answer any questions.
3	Tried out a slider and wasn't very impressed. However, I will say that the tomato bisque is simply delectable and should definitely be tried. What I found odd was that the waiters have numbers as name tags instead of their actual names... Are these waiters nothing but numbers to this establishment? Haha, I hope not.
4	I came here for Whiskey Wednesday, which is 50% off select whiskey flavors. If you don't know what that is, then you have to make sure you check out ALL of the discount alcohol nights at Seven Saints because they are all deals you should take advantage of!The whiskey I got was Snake River Stampede. Mainly because I thought it was funny that it was considered a "rodeo whiskey" and also that the description for it said "this whisky can still kick like a bucking bronco when served neat." haha.Another nice thing is that they alcohol menu has two featured House drinks and a description for both. This makes it a bit easier while choosing a drink and you don't have to ask the waitress/waiter about every single drink. Even though my server was nice enough to do it if asked.I got the Triple "S" Platter (Slider, 1/2 Salad, and a Side). I got the cheese slider, 1/2 Caesar salad and waffle fries. I liked all the food. Their waffle fries were really good.Up until I tried Seven Saints, I only thought of sliders as the little burgers you get from White Castle, but Seven Saints is now my favorite place to get them. I'll definitely be back soon.
5	Cheese curds taste so good here. Many choices for sliders and they taste good too. Nice environment and the server was very nice and friendly. Great place!
4	The sweet potato chips with goat cheese dip are phenomenal - perfect combo of sweet and salty. Sliders are decent - left a little to be desired but overall good. Salads are fresh, tasty - really a lot of great options, nice atmosphere and extensive drink list.
3	The sliders here are good...just a bit on the pricey side.  I had the buffalo chicken and it was awesome!  Then i had 1/2 a goat cheese salad which was also very good.   I ordered the cheese curds as an appetizer and that was a big mistake... The portion is huge.... They're the size of donut holes (like those ones you get at dunkin donuts) and you get like 12 of them in an order.  I was full after two.... I'm used to cheese curds being the size of popcorn....not golf balls.  And the breading on them is very heavy.  Other than that, i enjoyed the slider/salad combo.
4	Two words - whiskey Wednesday! 50 percent off whiskey will always make me a happy person.. And this place has a lot else to offer, including yummy sliders and a pretty good alcoholic beverage offering. Definitely one of my favorite spots in downtown Champaign!
5	I'm just so-so about the food, but I just saw someone else had fried cheese curds there.  I'll have to try those yet.Hard liquor selection is just f-ing amazing!!!!   Sooooo worth the visit.  The liquor they carry alone is worth the 5 stars.
4	Good food with a great environment. Came here for lunch, ordered a sandwich, and left with a satisfied belly. However, the food can be really oily, especially the sandwiches and fries.
4	I really like coming to Seven Saints for the food. I also enjoy a beer or cocktail on occasion. I love the cheese curds. The tomato bisque is my favorite soup of theirs and every now and then I'll have different sliders with my soup. I've also had some of the regular sized sandwiches and those were all good as well. They have an extensive libations menu.
3	Came here last night about 8pm. The ambience is nice almost like a downtown Chicago feel and the food is good too. Notice I said good, cuz the $4 sliders I had were decent but not worth it. I tried a local Triptych Brewing beer called Blueberry Blonde that they had on tap & it was fairly warm but gud. All in all I had a mediocre experience but I will giv em another shot.
5	Good food. Good service. Good location. Friendly atmosphere. Sliders to die for. Great drink selection. Drunk pecan pie with ice cream to die for again.
5	The food was very good.  I had the slider, soup, and side combo.  BBQ slider was great, very flavorful with very little spiciness, just how it should be.  The salad was good (fried chicken salad), all of the components were better than I expected (though I had high expectations).  The waffle fries were very crispy.  Not how I like them, but still good.The noise level wasn't too bad for a busy lunch crowd.  It was loud enough to be noticeable, but not enough to interfere with our conversation, so it was bearable.The prices are great.  For under $10, I had a large meal with great flavors.I marked no on Good for Kids, because there is no kids menu.  But we are considering bringing our kids here sometime in the future.
5	When I first tried this place out I was like, "yea it's ok" but then I went back three different times with 3 different friends who all love it. One. Cheese Curds, don't tell your weight watcher leader, but order them and thank me later. The black and blue salad was OUT OF THIS WORLD good! Yum! The speciality drinks of the night have never failed me. Good! I even like mine a little sweeter, so I told my waitress and she just had them add a little simple syrup to my liking. :) There's that excellent service for you! I'm now officially a big fan!
3	While traveling I often eat at pubs and Seven Saints is on the high end of the list for good pub grub. I was told they were famous for their sliders, so I chose the Chicago Dog slider, mainly because I love Chicago Dogs and also because it was out of the ordinary. The slider was very good, but a little overpriced. Not wanting to fill up on just sliders, I also got the Chipotle salad which was very well done and was tasty and surprisingly filling for a salad. I enjoyed the atmosphere- relaxed with good music playing. The waiter was friendly, but not very attentive, especially considering it was not that busy. I had to ask several times just to get a refill on my water. I often judge a place by asking myself if I would go back again.  For Seven Saints, the answer would be yes, if I happened to be in the area, but I wouldn't go way out of my way to get there.
4	I came here for dinner with a friend who is currently in grad school at U of I and with another friend just passing through Chambana for few hours.  In short, we just needed a place to catch up and Seven Saints provided that and more! On a Sunday evening, we were seated outside immediately and our waiter was accommodating and attentive without hovering.  We each ended up going with the slider and salad combo with sweet potato fries on the side.  I chose the salmon slider (complete with cucumber and dill sauce) and the salmon salad (a more Mexican take with a southwest ranch dressing) & I was extremely content with my choices; even having some leftovers for lunch the next day! In my opinion, the portions were definitely very reasonable.  The sliders were about the size of the diameter of a standard water or beer glass or at least that is what our waiter told us! Seven Saints ended up being the perfect spot to catch up with old friends over some delicious food; I'd definitely recommend this joint to anyone with a rumbling tummy in downtown Chambana!
5	The sweet potato chips with goat cheese cream sauce are a-MAZ-ing. This appetizer is certainly big enough to share with 1-3 other people, depending on how much other food you order. Or you could eat half yourself and take the other half home for lunch the next day. Not that I know anyone who has ever done that...
4	Love the sliders 7 saints salad is to die for. Nice atmosphere and outside sidewalk seating when weather is warmer. Best food in a bar in town.
4	Out of towners,.went downtown,found this place word of mouth..nice place,old,i had 2 sliders and potato soup fries,,awesome soup out of this world,my lady had steak sandwich also good,her bloddy mary awesome she said,my draft beer ice cold,waiter on the ball,we will go here again.
4	Great place
