4	Nice little burger type cafe on the corner of Robindale and Jones.  I had the sliders and enjoyed them.  They were a little small compared to many of the sliders that you see in restaurants nowadays.....but the portion was fine.  All their burgers are made fresh and hand pressed daily.  I will definitely go back and try some of their other offerings.  The Pastrami Sub looked good as well as the Ortega Burger, which my friend ordered and said was wonderful.  They also have Criss-Cut Fries, which are not usually available in most restaurants.
4	Beach Cafe saved my life.   After partying for a good 48 hours non stop it was nice to put a little something in my system.  I chose the sausage egg  in an English muffin with a side of bacon.  I ate as quickly as I could and then tried to pass out just as fast.  It worked!  Basically, it's a Denny's on Wheels!  (Thanks Sabrina L.)I slept for a good hour or two until I woke up parched.
4	It's nice to go to a restaurant that's not part of a chain.The location for this one is a little odd - as it is right behind a gas station. But the inside atmosphere was pleasant. They have a good variety of breakfast and lunch food- and so far, everything I've had there was tasty.
4	Great little cafe, location kind of sucks but worth finding if your close to 215 and Jones. I've eaten there several times and not only is the food great and worth the price but also the staff are friendly and fun. The Cafe also does catering and i had them cater an event for me, Everyone in the office that I bought lunch for loved the food and they ended up ordering again from them. Overall the staff and food are great ts nice to get that personal service in this day and age. Try the Burgers :)
4	Try any of their three wrap sandwiches or the tuna salad (made fresh daily & the best in town). Can't go wrong with this place. Good size portions & everything's fresh. Even serve fresh fruit cups, cole slaw or fries with your sandwiches. Service can't be beat. Robin, Scott, Raquel (Rocky) & Lisa really make you feel welcome & at home in this cozy, comfortable cafe on Jones, just off Robindale. A regular lunch spot for many of our office staff. Sitting at the counter is a blast & relaxing at the same time. Highly recommended!
5	Beach Cafe is a hidden gem in the Southwest part of town. The food is always good (love the BLT and the chicken fringers...and the fries are the best!!). The service is great, the place is clean and nicely decorated. Best part has to be that they also deliver!!! I get delivery from here about once a week and they are very quick and the food is just as good delivered as it is eaten there.I guess if  I had to find a negative it would be that their smoothies (while very yummy) are a little too expensive.Hope this place sticks around for awhile! (It should because I have told everyone I work with that lives in the area to check it out and they all love it too!)
5	Had breakfast here this morning. Our BNI group meets here every Tuesday at 7am. The food, service and atmosphere is very good.
4	Big greasy burgers! I guess that can be a good thing or bad thing depending on how you look at it. But, that's what I was craving so it hit the spot. I was in there for lunch and tried the Waikiki burger -- onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, lettuce, cheese, pineapple and teriyaki sauce. mmm mmm mmm. They sauteed the onions a little too long but overall the burger was delicious. The savory taste of the beef and mushrooms with the sweetness of the pineapple and teriyaki sauce was great. The fries were pretty good too. The menu is filled w/ beach-themed breakfast items and sandwiches. They also carry out the beach motif w/ bathing suits hanging from everywhere (let's hope they're all clean -- I don't want to be eating 12 inches away from anyone's dirty drawers). The service was quick and the staff was very friendly. I'll be back.
4	What a great local joint on the southwest.  I've gotten carry out twice and my wife and i finally sat down to eat today.  All the food I've had so far has been great...turkey rueben, monterey chicken sandwich, breakfast.  The place is clean and the staff is very nice.  If I had to pick on anything; the biscuits and gravy weren't very hot.  It's nice to have a non-chain in the neighborhood that is reliably good.  We'll be back!
5	Ate lunch at Beach Cafe yesterday. I had the Beach Club sandwich, which was the best I have had in my life! Could only eat 1/2 as it is pretty big. One thing I liked about it was that it was grilled on sourdough bread on the flat top instead of toasting the bread. It was cut in half instead of the silly 4 triangles. My wife had the San Francisco burger which she liked but thought it was a little greasy. It is a burger on grilled sourdough w/ avacodo, bacon, and swiss cheese. The homemade chili was very good also. The staff was very friendly, the decor has a casual Hawaii theme. The prices are good and the place is clean. I am going to try breakfast there this weekend.
1	I really can not believe all the good reviews of this place... Maybe they just had a bad day when I went......... If you have ever walked into this place it has a different vibe... I am assuming they are going for the beachfront cafe, swim suits hanging from the ceiling, surf boards leaning on the walls and palms everywhere. I had never been here before so upon my original scan of the place it looks like you walk up and order then go sit down.. After standing in the middle of the room looking like a lost sheep for about 5 minutes they crabby waitress walked by and crudely said, "  just sit anywhere" and kept on walking. We sat down and both comment to each other, " Wow that was rude!"  She came back a few minutes later and handed us 2 menus and quickly said, " do you need a kids menu?" we again said Yes and it was a good 5 to 10 minute wait for the kids menu. Once we finally received the kids menu and decided what we all wanted we ordered..... 2 Cabo salads and a kids chicken fingers.. Now, just to set the stage here. There was 4 tables with people at them and all of them had there food so we happen to be the only ones without food so in my head I figured it would be fast. The waitress came by to see if we wanted something other than water to drink and I said sure, Ill take a iced tea. She brought the iced tea pretty quick which was nice but a few minutes later my iced tea was about half empty and she came by and grabbed it....... Now.. I was thinking that this entire experience was turning around, I could not be more wrong... Remember that Iced tea I was talking about? Well I didn't because she never brought it back. She even came by the table 5 minutes later to tell us that the food we will be out in a few and sorry for the wait. Now I know i could have said can i have my iced tea back but i figured she may have been busy and i would give her a minute. The food came out and I was half way through my salad and decided i would really like my iced tea so she came by to ask how the food was and I just mentioned, " It is good, when you get a chance can I get an Iced Tea!" it took another 5 minutes for that to come..... At this point I was done and did not want to be on the beach any longer. The food was okay but the wait service was less than horrible. I'm sorry Beach Cafe but I will not be back!!!! You need to hire some new wait staff and get rid of the grouch you have in the front... I have never seen a waitress walk around with such a horrible attitude! I know we all have bad days but in a customer contact position like that you need to be able to detour your pissiness for a little while.I can get good food anywhere, good service is what i am trying to find and Beach Cafe had no trace of it.
5	I'm going to keep it short and sweet for once... this place is GREAT. Everything I've had- from sandwiches to salads, soup and scrambles, brownies and smoothies... all wonderful! And even better- they deliver! We used to have them deliver to our office weekly. They do weekly specials (my husband's fav is their Lobster Melt) and send out a weekly email with coupons for each day. You can't beat this place for an overall great meal that meets many different flavor palates. YUM!
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast spots.  It is never terribly busy and the food is ALWAYS fantastic.  The breakfast sliders are a little piece of 'sweet & salty' heaven.  It is a Hawaiian, beach-themed restaurant and is just really cute. I love love love this place!
3	Today my office treated us to a lunch catered by Beach Cafe. I had the Roast Beef Sandwich on multigrain bread. (These were all half sandwiches) I could taste a hint of horseradish it was tasty but a little salty. I also had their Bow tie Pasta with Alfredo sauce that had little bits of corn in it. It was yummy. Their was an amazing looking dessert plate with brownies, little cookies...BIG cookies with cream in the middle. I just had a tiny shortbread cookie drizzled with chocolate. It was good... the consistency reminded me of a Mexican Wedding Cookie. I only took one cookie because I thought I would have time to go back but It was too busy. One of my cubicle mates was raving about their wraps ..saying it's the best wrap she's ever tasted. She was like , "Why don't you get one ? " I told her I already chose my sandwich...she was like, "So get another one". I told her I didn't feel like getting hijacked up there because I went to get seconds. (It was still early and not everyone had a chance to eat yet) My other neighbor offered to give me hers because she doesn't eat sandwiches. So she gets me this Chinese Wrap (we didn't know the wrap my co worker was raving about was the Southwest Wrap) The Chinese Chicken Wrap had chicken, celery, carrots and those crunchy noodles you usually put on top of salad. It was spicy yet too salty for me ..I'm super sensitive when it comes to salt. I was so full by the end of the day but before I go home Sharr E brings me another Chinese Wrap not knowing I already had one. (My co workers are so caring!) Needless to say I couldn't eat another bite !
4	Has a California beachfront feel to the restaurant. From swimming trunks and bikini's hang from ceiling, to the surfboards hanging on the walls. Very friendly staff and the food is good, a bit pricey but good.
4	A neighborhood cafe serving up breakfast and lunch fare in a laid back beach-like atmosphere.Sure, they have swimsuits hanging from the ceiling and a tiki theme going on.  Walking in, the waitress told us to sit wherever we wanted.  Using our Entertainment Book coupons, we thought we were restricted to the Breakfast menu only.  But the waitress was nice enough to let us use it for anything on the menu, which we definitely appreciated!I chose the Del Mar Melt ($7.95), which consists of their homemade tuna salad with melted Swiss cheese and tomato on perfectly grilled sourdough bread.  Their tuna salad has crunchy bits of celery and was to my liking.  French fries also came with my order.The Husband saw their Specials board, which meant he was getting the Chicken Fried Steak Sandwich ($8.75).  For those who crave a chicken fried steak but it's too late in the day, putting it between two pieces of bread easily does the trick.  The sandwich had lettuce, tomato, and mayo, with their homemade gravy on the side. French fries also came with his order.  I didn't see any complaints coming from him as he ate it all up! We also had a BOGO free smoothie, so we took ours to go.  My choice was their Sunburn smoothie ($4.50/16 oz; $5.25/24 oz) which consists of passion fruit, mango, peach, strawberry juice, and crushed ice.  It was a super sweet smoothie, which had me wondering how much sugar was in it.  The Husband had their Tropical Passion smoothie ($4.50/16 oz; $5.25/24 oz) which had guava, passion fruit, and mango blended with crushed ice.  He said it tasted like baby food, which was a good thing.We went on a Tuesday and they had a steady stream of customers - those taking a leisurely solo lunch break or colleagues gathered together to enjoy their tropical iced tea.  It looked like there was one waitress and she was busy the whole time we were there.  I did have to ask for refills on my water, but only because she was constantly moving around. Overall, Beach Cafe served up a decent lunch.  I don't know if we would be inclined to go back without a coupon though.
4	I can't remember how many times my friends and I have been here after cycling or working out.  I love the beach theme of bikinis, board shorts and surfboards hanging all over the place and they actually sell the clothes there too!My favorite meal is the veggie scramble.  I have also had the smoothies which were also very fruity and delicious.Service is good and personable.Will be there again and again.
5	I've gone here twice, both times for breakfast. Not once have we ordered something we didn't love.On the first visit:I ordered French toast ($6.25). The service size was big. (3 thick slices of french toast). You have the option to add bacon or sausage for $2 more, but unless you're hungry or love bacon, you don't need to.My wife ordered the Cale Bene Eggs Benedict ($8.75). She was very satisfied.On the second visit:I ordered, what has now become, the best biscuits and gravy ($4.25) I've ever had (used to be the B&G at the free breakfast for guests of the Abby Inn in Cedar City, UT). You get 4 melt-in-your-mouth biscuits, with a perfectly peppered meaty gravy. For $3 mor, you get 2 eggs + bacon or sausage.My wife got the Surf's Up Veggie Scramble ($7.95). She couldn't finish it all due to the serving size.Plus they have free WiFi which was nice so I can follow my Fantasy Football team on my iPod touch.
3	Someone brought a menu for Beach Cafe into my work a while back, and I was in the mood for something new, so I decided to try them out. I called my order in, I went with the Malibu Beach Turkey Sandwich for $7.75. I was offered my choice of fruit or chips as a side, I went with fruit. When I arrived my order was all ready to go, love that I didn't have to wait. The sandwich itself was nothing special though in my opinion, and not really worth the price. The fruit cup was the best part, it came with kiwi, pineapple and melons. I may try Beach Cafe again but I'll order a different sandwich.
4	A neighborhood cafe with an extensive menu and cute atmosphere - love it! I had the breakfast sliders (2) - served on hawaiian sweet rolls with sausage egg and cheese. They were smallish (they are sliders after all!), but fit my appetite perfectly. My husband got an egg and meat platter of some kind that was also tasty. The potatoes were pretty bad, but I'm pretty picky when it comes to breakfast potatoes! We also had a smoothie (Blue Hawaii) with blueberries, vanilla, and banana. YUMThe service was the only disappointing thing about this meal. I guess I was expecting "friendly" and "warm" from a cute place off the strip that caters to locals, but it was pretty flat. It wasn't "bad" service, but it had more of an IHOP feel and less of a cute locally feel. Either way the food was good enough to warrant a return visit when we're in the area!
4	This place is cute, swimsuits hang above in surf style decor. With so many menu options from breakfast to burgers you are sure to have a hard time deciding. I stick to my favorite fish tacos.  This is a great local joint , be aware they close early on weekends.
2	I still love the food here, but would only order take out since the service lately has been horrible and takes forever. There's no way a lunch for 4 people should take 1.5 hrs or breakfast for 2 when there's only one other table full should take over an hour. Not sure what the deal is here, but it's become such an issue that we're hesitant to go back in to dine. We used to go here a ton with co-workers, but no one can afford to have that lengthy of a meal-- it's just not worth it.
2	Been living around this place for several years and never noticed it until I saw a small sign on the side of the road that caught my eye. Well, even with the sign just a block away pointing to the shop, it was blocked by another building that made it difficult to spot, going south on Jones blvd.Disappointing orders:Eggs Benedict: A pretty straightforward dish that consists of english muffin, layered with a slice of canadian bacon/ham, poached egg and the most important - hollandiase sauce. What would make or break the dish would certainly be the hollandaise sauce. Well, from experience with more than a handful of different versions of "eggs benedict" dishes I've had in the past, their sauce wasn't great or even good in my opinion. The home fried potatoes weren't any better..Ortega Burger: Came with chili, grilled onions, pepper jack cheese and jalapeno mayonnaise. I didn't think I could've gone wrong with this one but it wasn't nearly as satisfying as the description. The meat was on the dry side, the chili was blah and I didn't notice anything special with their jalapeno mayo spread. Fries were fine, better than anything else offered this morning. I'd rather have Carl's Jr's.  "Santa Fe" Chicken sandwich over this any day.Service was great, prices weren't good for quality nor quantity, decor was island casual and food was lacking in all aspects
5	Best place in Vegas! From salads to the tastiest sandwiches and hamburgers... Definitely a local favorite! Monterey Chicken sandwich = Must have! Great prices. Reminds me of a Saved by the Bell diner hang out joint... Owners r cool as Sh@!%# too
2	Not a fan.  I am a huge breakfast fan and the food here is so so, at best.   Don't waste your money.
5	I enjoy coming here it is cute small and the owners are so nice! The cali bene is the best!!!
1	We went for Breakfast on Sunday morning at 10 am and the place was empty - uh oh I thought, not a good sign, but we wanted to try it out. Boy were we disappointed.The food was mediocre, and not even worth taking the time to describe, so I won't waste your time reading about it either.Here was our biggest issue - There were two other people in the restaurant and we waited WAY too long for our meal, now I didn't actually time it but here's my best idea: The kids came out first, after over 5 minutes, then they were 1/2 finished, then mine came out, hmmmm, where's my wife's scrambled eggs??? The kids were done, I was more than 1/2 done, then hers came. What was the cook doing? Seriously, no one else there, it took about 20 minutes. But here's the kicker - a few people came in while we waited for our food and a guy that looked like the owner just sat there and talked to some girl the whole time. I guess he wasn't concerned about running his business and he definitely wasn't concerned about us.I am not a restaurant trasher on Yelp, and I hate to rate anything this low, but I felt inclined to share. There are too many other restaurants trying their best and this place isn't one of them.
4	Love Love Love the chicken tortilla soup!This place is in the worst location (behind a gas station) but the food is fantastic and VERY reasonable. I have to drive clear across town to go, but we make it a point to make the trip on the weekends when we can. It's a true haven for the hungover.Generous portions, inventive sandwiches/salads. Bikinis hanging from the ceiling... good times!
1	I have been a loyal customer for three years. I called today for delivery. After an hour I called to check up on the order. The owner was frazzled and condescending.  I said, "Please don't condescend me. I have I right to call and check up. I get that your slammed. I have a business too. "Her response was incredibly odd. "No, this is my business. I will cancel the order and never order from here again. Then she hung-up."I have my own business that has survived and thrived in Vegas for 27 years.We do 250+ events a year and 6000 daily deliveries. I am speaking from experience. When a small Mom and Pop operation is blessed enough to experience a rush;1.  It is the RESPONSIBILITY of the owners to properly staff themselves.2. Maintain prompt and courtesy service to their customers.3. Remember how they got there (and this is ia SMALL operation and pretty pathetic that they can't handle a Sunday morning delivery by noon) is through repeat customers.Here's how I tried to help their business..1.  I have referred this restaurant through my own business as a caterer for countless weddings and events. 2.  I have passed out their cards at my shop located on off the strip. 3.  I have verbally endorsed them throughout my social circle. II really routed for this place in this economy. When my family has been in town I have taken them there and introduced the to the owners and staff.My support is withdrawn.
2	My friend wanted to try this place so we came for breakfast one morning. The hot cocoa was delish! Looked more like a dessert. I had the tamale and eggs breakfast. It wasn't that great. I should have ordered the blueberry pancakes which I first chose but then changed my mind. Sorry, cant remember what my friend ordered but she wasn't too impressed with whatever she had. Her daughter had the french toast which looked really good and a huge portion. She liked it. I should have stolen a piece to try it. Oh well. I'll pass on coming back here unless I feel like some of that hot cocoa!
5	I have never felt the need to write a review for anywhere.  However, I just got back from Beach Cafe for the first time and the food was amazing.  Everything tasted fresh and it was all cooked well.  I will definitely be back to this place to try more items on the menu.
4	I really love beach cafe. I order from here all of the time. Mostly because my lunch is at 9:15 in the morning and they will deliver lunch items to my door. Well my office door.I normally get the Asian salad Or the asian wrap .. complete deliciousness.  But my favorite is the french dip that they serve, they serve it with french fries. But I like their fruit cup, and their passion iced tea too. Honestly I have not had a bad meal from Beach Cafe and their customer service is always top notch.
5	Friendly staff & great food!
5	I live nearby and go here pretty often.  I've always had excellent service and very tasty food, no matter what I order or what time of day I go in.  I love the casual environment and the relaxing music that's always playing.  I've never tried anything from the breakfast menu, but all of their sandwiches and burgers are top notch in taste and quality and come in really generous portions.  Their smoothies are yummy too.  Yes, they're made from a mix, but they're good, so who cares.  Just because a place offers smoothies and has "cafe" in the name, doesn't mean it's a health food place.  I think people are being way too picky in their expectations.  This place is a local gem!
1	I've tried this place three times now and every visit there is something that's just not good. The sides have too much mayo, the food is over done, or there are strange unidentified pieces of stuff in the food. It's just tasteless poor quality.
4	Grab some menus and grab a seat.This family owned establishment knows how to make some tasty burgers and sandwiches. When you walk in just grab a seat and start browsing the menu. I recommend trying the waikiki teriyaki burger: caramelized onions, mushrooms, grilled pineapple, Swiss cheese, mayo & teriyaki sauce.Don't forget to check out their specials for the day which is posted on a blackboard on the left side of the cafe. There can be some pretty amazing things on there.Anywho, I'm pretty much a regular here. Service is always good and fast. Today when we stopped in they had us try a pumpkin cinnaroll they've been experimenting with for FREEE. Deeelicious!
4	I work right around the corner, and these guys are one of my first go-to's when I don't have lunch packed.  I'm hopelessly addicted to the turkey grill sandwich, and have to force myself to get something else now and then.  The salads were about the only thing I've had that weren't very interesting.It may be beach-style food, but there is nothing lightweight or bikini-body-ready about the food (which is what makes it so tasty)!  The turkey grill is well-buttered grilled toast, mayo, cheese, avocado, bacon, and turkey, with fries on the side. Yum!They also have the added advantage of delivery service, and they know our office well.  So when I am hopelessly chained to my cubicle, I can still get my sandwich and a smoothie to thoroughly stuff myself for the afternoon.  Delivery can run slow sometimes, but I've never had any problems with it eventually getting here and being fresh.
5	I have been there several times over the course of a year.  Every time I have gone it has been wonderful.  The mushroom burger is so good.  And also the veggie burger.  Service is always so friendly.  Love this neighborhood place.
2	NEGATIVES-service slow -food very mediocre-owner badmouthed customers that had just leftPOSITIVES-smelt like chocolate
2	It is common knowledge among my friends and family that I am a fanatic when it comes to brunch. That being said, there is nothing worse than a lackluster plate of eggs. Oh, but I'm wrong! Couple mediocre eggs with poor service, Beach Cafe showed me all sorts of low.Walking in, it is generally expected for you to seat yourself - after you overcome the awkwardness of glares from the bar patrons in the back. Service was generally slow, leaving us to scramble for menus and wait a few minutes before even being greeted. I had ordered the Cali Bene - eggs benedict with avocado, tomato, spinach with a side of home fries. One of my friends stuck to her favorite of chicken fingers (with the sole intention that the ranch was made in house). While one of my other friends, wavering with indecision, chose the Redondo Beach Egg Salad Sandwich with a side of Chicken Tortilla soup. The food came out promptly, so I'll give the Beach Cafe that. However, taste was lacking. Hollandaise sauce soaked half the plate, which normally I do not mind. However, it was so salty that I attempted to dissect the parts of my benedict that had not been attacked with sodium. After three minutes, all hope was lost - my Cali Bene was fairly inedible. The home fries were decent, better in comparison to the salt fest next to it. As for my friends' food, the chicken fingers were good (not a difficult accomplishment). My other friend quickly demolished her soup (as much as I love brunch, so has the same affinity for soup). However, her egg salad sandwich was primarily two pieces of bread with a thin layer of egg salad. I took a bite, and was unimpressed - my school's dining hall has done better. What really set in my apathy towards this place was the lack of cordiality demonstrated by both the staff and the longstanding patrons. After a couple had left the restaurant, one of the staff members had engaged in openly mocking and criticizing them. The heckling riled the customers she had been talking to, and soon spread like wildfire. My party felt fairly uncomfortable afterwards - both out of shock for their lack of propriety as well as the fear that our departure would result in insult. Honestly, mediocre at best food. Service was fairly nonexistent, at best spotty. The only thing that could remedy this was 99 cent ice cream far, far away.
4	I can't get enough of Beach Cafe. I always order their food for lunch while I am at work, and I am never disappointed. Beach Cafe definitely has the best Corn Chowder I have ever had. It is so creamy, with big chunks of chicken, sausage, peppers, corn. They also have an amazing Southwest Chicken Salad, served with a tortilla on the bottom. I have ordered several items off their menu, and shockingly for me they have the best frappachino's too! They are made with ICE CREAM = yum, especially on these hot Vegas days. I would highly recommend going there at least once. I have never eaten in the restaurant I always order the food to go, and they have offer free delivery service which is very convenient. There service is a little slow, it usually takes me about an hour to get my food, so I always order it prior to my lunch. I have never had any problems with the staff as far as customer service, but honestly the Corn Chowder is amazing that I will wait any day for it.
4	I tried this out as a Yelp suggestion, and despite reviews being all over the place, the goods outweighed the bads, so away I went to try this new place (for me) out.The outside of the place is understated.  It's part of a shopping center-style area in an unfamiliar part of town for me, but I wanted to see what their breakfast was about.  You'll have to drive into the lot to see where the place is (behind the gas station).Inside, the beach decor is also understated (but nice), and while there was some wait associated with my order at times as some reviews stated, the service on my day was very friendly and conversational.  I wasn't in a rush, so I enjoyed the extra time.  A fellow needs time to wake up on a lazy Sunday morning.I ordered the chili cheese scramble.  Honestly, a meal of this magnitude could go either way, but it was excellent.  The chili they used for it in particular was pretty darn tasty, and the meal wasn't greasy.  I thoroughly enjoyed the entree, the side potatoes, and the toast that went with it.  I was actually sorry to have seen the meal ended.  I kept picking at the remnants of the sauce until they took my plate away.The server was a very nice girl.  Very warm and personable.  And beverage refills came pretty regularly.  At the end of the meal, breakfast for two was just at $20.  For the amount of food and the taste, I really couldn't disagree with anything.I will definitely come back.  It's a bit of a drive for me, but it was a great breakfast.
4	This place is perfect to go to on a lazy Sunday morning- very casual and low key beach decor, with a lot of options on the menu.The food is good- I've only been there for breakfast, so there isn't much you can say about eggs, no matter how they are cooked. I once tried the eggs benedict sliders, which were a little bland, but I usually get one of the scrambles or a croissant sandwich, which are great. The portions are big too, with lots of buttery toast or homefries, and it doesn't take very long to get your food.The service is always wonderful. Drinks get refilled quickly, and substituting veggies or fruit for my homefries is no big deal. I am not a regular, but the woman working there is always very friendly and provides service with a smile.
4	This was my first time ordering from Beach Cafe and it was great!I ordered the Mission Beach Fish Tacos and Tropical iced tea online. The online form was very user-friendly.It was a little difficult to find at first, but that wasn't a problem.My order was not ready when I arrived so I was able to sit down and observe the little restaurant. I talked to one of the owners and she told me that they were modeled after a place on the beach in So Cal. I had also mentioned that my husband liked Eggs Benedict and that I would be coming back with him and she suggest the Cali Bene and that once a month they have a lobster Bene for a week.When my order came out it smelled delicious! The iced tea was pretty standard but the tacos were breaded pollock with cabbage and sour cream on corn tortillas and salsa on the side.  The fish was very fresh and the breading did not overpower the light flavor of the fish. Everything was fresh and yummy. I will be returning to this cafe more often.
5	The service is always friendly. The Robyn's will take great care of you. Try the South Padre Chicken Wrap: creamy southwest dressing, grilled chicken, peppers, onions and spicy jack.
4	Great little neighborhood spot.  Great breakfast and good sandwiches for lunch.  We have been there 20+ times with no issues and good food each time.
4	What a great little hidden treasure this cafe is. I'm so glad it has gained a following, even being tucked away in a random strip mall. I remember when it opened! Sigh. They grow up so fast. Great lunch spot and wonderful variety so everyone in your group can be accommodated. The staff is super attentive and geniunely seem happy you stopped in. I've eaten here with friends, family and alone and have always gotten the same great service. The hamburgers are great if you want to gorge yourself, they're big and come with lots of fries! Crinkle fries by the way, and they're legit. I love the Cali beach theme menu items, the fish tacos are great and fresh and the salads are big and crunchy. Lots of wraps to choose from, the Thai one is really tasty. The smoothies weren't my fave, a little heavy on ice, but I guess it depends on how you like your smoothie. I prefer more fruit and yogurt.The decor is really cute too, bathing suits hanging everywhere. They take the beach theme seriously. Overall a great lunch spot if you're in the area!
5	This place was so cute and the food was really simple and great taste too. I am  going to go back for sure. While you are inside this place, you feel like you are away from Vegas(which is a good thing if you live in Vegas).
5	Really great fresh food.  Odd location, but very tasty.  Turkey sandwich was on the softest bread from a local bakery.
3	What better way to spend your New Years day but at a cozy little breakfast joint. OK, so it was a bit past noon before we made it there, but still...Nestled inside of one of Las Vegas's notorious strip malls right between a gas station and bar, this nifty little eatery was a decent find.The service standards in this town have declined so poorly that most dining experiences are a let down when it comes to great customer service. With that being said, the service at Beach Cafe was just that: mediocre.The name of the restaurant, Beach Cafe, is exactly what it is: an island themed eatery complete with bathing suits hanging from the ceiling. Our very friendly waitress (insert sarcasm here) took our orders and shortly thereafter our food and beverages arrived.  My eggs, potato's and pancakes were delicious, and the orange juice and coffee weren't bad either.  But if you're super thirsty you might be waiting a while for a refill, if you are even asked if you'd like a refill at all. I love the idea of supporting local businesses so I would most certainly eat at Beach Cafe again should I end up in that area.  Though the service was not spectacular (the norm for most establishments these days), it's fine eats for breakfast!
2	Beach Cafe,What has happened to you my friend? I remember coming in here and the service was good. Your food use to taste better, now I feel like I'm eating nuked potatoes with my breakfast. My mouth goes dry from the tater, my cup no longer overflows with refills. Instead you let me go the whole meal without a refill to teach me a lesson!. I use to love you but I'm removing your stars! I am hoping that my next experience will be much more pleasant because you do have potential & once were great. Your menu is awesome but your service sucks. Sincerely,Me
4	I am from Chicago and needed food delivered to me so I called Beach Cafe. They are open at 7am and are ready for breakfast.Food: I ordered a salad, a wrap, egg salad sandwich, 2 smoothies, and a coffee. The salad was huge but had a lot of romaine hearts which made it hard to eat so I picked apart the salad and what was left was amazing. The asian wrap was great and it came with fresh fruit which tasted delicious. The 2 smoothies, Wipe Out and Jamaican Me Crazy, were right on key! The coffee could have been fresher.Service:The food took about and hour to get here and they gave no warning it would take that long. Definitely will order again while I'm in town.
1	Perhaps the best way to describe this place is consistent... consistently BAD. I have been in the somewhat unique, albeit unenviable, position to have sampled a large variety of their lunch items. From their fish tacos to burgers to various chicken and deli sandwiches, corn chowder, and smoothies, I have yet to discover something that is at least half-decent.Perhaps, more specifics are in order. The fried fish had a cold, thick, and dried-out texture of cardboard. The greasy burgers were overcooked and had a soggy bun. The chicken is dry, lacking in flavor, and smothered with oily cheese. The corn chowder is a nasty gelatinous goo. The smoothies are extremely sweet and not as thick as they ought to be. You get the idea...  Why would I continue to subject myself to such awful food? One of the facilities, where I work, will order lunch for us from various places if we are working through the lunch hour. I'm not completely sure who is responsible for picking the place each time, but there must be some kind of kickbacks taking place because I cannot fathom why they seem to keep picking this place over a vastly superior alternative like Tropical Smoothie Cafe.One time, when they asked me what I wanted to order, I told them that I would pass. However, this woman felt really bad and insisted on suggesting something that I would like. I ended up ordering some sort of chicken sandwich which was, surprise surprise, terrible. The most recent time they ordered from here, to avoid hurting anyone's feelings, I just ordered some random sandwich. I took it with me when I left the facility but dumped it in the nearest trash bin. I felt bad wasting "food" and for a moment thought that maybe I should give it to some homeless person. Then again, if I had, they might think that I was trying to poison them.
5	By far one of my favorite places to have bite to eat. The food is always hot and delicious. The servers are always smiling and happy to see you. Great specials each week will keep you coming back for more.
4	I have ordered online from Beach Cafe many times over the past several months. Usually like to order food on the days I am getting homework done because I am strapped to the computer. I change my order up and rarely have food issues. I have had biscuits and gravy, croissant breakfast sandwich, Turkey sandwich (avocado, mayo, tomato), the rueban, and more...and all were delicious. I added a bagel to my order the other day (like I have many times before), and it was dry and tasted like cardboard. First time I was disappointed with the bagel. Occasionally the potatoes will get to my house and be less than average, but I understand they deliver it so I cut them slack. My two favorite drinks are the frozen coffee (not Carmel or white chocolate) and the tropical iced tea. The Carmel and white chocolate frozen coffee drinks have a gritty texture that is not the sugar, but is sweet (like a powdered flavoring). It's strange. I get the regular frozen coffee and it is perfect. The tropical iced tea is incredibly refreshing. I recommend this place. However, do not be in a hurry. Delivery usually takes 45-60 min. It's fine with me because I do not mind waiting for the greatness at Beach Cafe. Someday I may even go to the shop just to check it out. For now, it's my homework/study break treat delivered to my door.
4	Always pleasant service and very good eats.  I recommend their breakfast and Sun Burnt Smoothie!
4	It was a nice little cafe that I would recommend to others. The server was super nice and the food was good. I'm not sure why other people are ranting, it's not a five star restaurant. It's a local cafe which is ALWAYS better than some chain restaurant. I will definitely go back.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas!Definitely a must try for those of us who like to eat out frequently. The staff is always amazing and the decorations are pretty neat.You will find a variety of options for breakfast and lunch, each with a unique little twist.It's hard to find Beach Cafe, as it's behind the gas station in a tiny shopping center.
3	Ordered the Malibu Turkey Sandwich that came with fruit on the side. Sandwich wasn't bad, but for the price I paid ($7.75 before tax) I was expecting a lot more food or something spectacular, like Capriotti's. The bread was good and so was the fruit, but I don't think I'd order it again...I could make it myself for way cheaper.Maybe their breakfast food is better...
3	Brought 4 clients in for lunch since it was near their office. We arrived before noon so we had our pick of the place for seating.The decor reminded me of a beach front cafe in Kauai and I  sure didn't feel I was in the middle of the desert. My order the South Beach Burger - sauteed peppers and onions, pepper Jack cheese and a southwest sauce. The burger was decent and was decent sized. I've had better and worse. Fries were average also. Our waitress, who was Asian and cute took good care of us with the exception that I had to go to the counter to pay.The place offers a frequency card which is a plus for all you locals.
3	This is one of my favorite spot for breakfast or lunch! Everything I ever had there was amazing! I just wish their staff had better attitude! This looks like a family restaurant! They probably dont really care about customer service!
1	I've been a long time customer of the cafe and have had their delivery and dined in before.The Food : The food is pretty good, I've never had a bad meal here. The specialty drinks are pretty good too. You really can't go wrong on the menu. The Service: Absolutely horrible. We order food from them a few times a week so we give them pretty good business. We always tip their drivers out nicely too. Be aware you are going to wait at least an hour-hour 30mins for delivery. The dine-in service always was bad, drinks never refilled in time, the girl would forget things. Not to mention the seating is the most uncomfortable ever. So after 3-4 trips we refrain from visiting here for Dine-in. They have forgotten stuff on delivery several times, and when you call they get all defensive about it, second guess you, call you a liar and they definitely don't apologize for their mistakes and on top of it, they don't try to make it up to you. In our business if we don't keep our customers happy, they leave and go somewhere else. I think we really need start looking for someone else to service our breakfast/lunch needs in the area.
2	Food is pretty good, not gonna lie. BUT you have to make sacrifices if you choose to eat there. It literally takes an hour to an hour and a half to deliver food. Seriously. EVERY SINGLE TIME. Doesnt matter if we order at 8am, 10am or 1pm. Never fails, they take F-O-R-E-V-E-R. If you dont get what you ordered or you are upset by them delivering your breakfast around LUNCH time, be ready to have the owner talk down to you and be a total bitch to you for i dont know, just wanting what you pay for?! Its over priced. But its decently tasteful food. Takes forever. Owners a witch. And i'm pretty sure that they continuing forget to pack my extra ranch just to piss me off. End Rant. PS- I've never gone in there to eat because i frankly, i'd rather tip the nice delivery driver then the ignorant imbeciles that work in the dining area. PPS- My hot chocolate today was cold. They should call it Cold Chocolate. Or start caring if their hot chocolate is hot. One of the two would be great!
4	Very homey place but very good!
1	yikes. ordered from front site gun training facility. the girl messed up the order- sent me round looking for 15 minutes for me and my sons lunch and it was labled wrong. now dealing in such volume i understand the mess up. how ever it wasnt the mess up it was mariahs attitude was just awful. food was decent when it was correct service isnt there.waited a week to call talk to mngr/owner robyn. called got a kid named rocky. she said owner mngr isnt there and hung up on me with out even asking what i was calling for. called back spoke to robyn who quickly offered excuses about them being young and a free lunch. i dont want a fee lunch. just be be treated like a human being. nice lady. but they shouldnt hire snotty assed kids. i will say two of the trailer girls were nice. very nice. cant handle the heat the the f out of the kitchen.service is everything. they wont be seeing my money ever again. i wont be taking up robyn on the free lunch either.
5	I can't believe anyone has ever given a negative review of Beach Cafe.  It is without a doubt my favorite local breakfast spot.  You can keep your trendy eggworks and all those overrated places, I'll take Beach Cafe any day of the week.  The food is always delicious and fresh.  I suggest the breakfast scrambles or sandwiches.  Weekly specials are innovative and I haven't found any other place that serves Captain Crunch french toast.For all you cheap people out there that don't like to spend money on going out to eat; first off, you are annoying and second this place is right up your alley.  It's not expensive.  If you think it, you have issues.  Food is rarely more than $8 so don't let cost deter you from coming in.  Furthermore they have a frequent diner stamp card so after 10 meals, you get one free. The coffee is excellent and so are there vanilla creamers!  They also have excellent passion ice tea.  The staff and servers are also wonderful.  Again, I'm not sure why there are bad reviews of the service here.  I've had nothing but wonderful experiences.  You are not treated like a random patron, they treat you like family here.  I don't even need to order, they always remember what I like.  I even get secret menu hash browns sometimes.  The dining area is always clean, and there is a nice little bar area complete with a TV to watch my fantasy football team get destroyed on Sundays.  I don't just give out 5 star reviews on yelp, you have to earn it; and Beach Cafe definitely did.  It is by far; the best breakfast spot in the SW part of town.  Do yourself a favor and try it.
3	Great little, FAMILY FRIENDLY cafe.  I went for brunch with friends and their kids.  I must say, not every place is family friendly these days.Everything on their menu looked good, but I opted for the Sunset Beach Scramble.  It was the perfect portion size with the eggs, potatoes and toast. Everything is pretty much as it is described in their menu.  No surprises.Good service and great prices, as well.
5	Love this place. Friendly service and finally a place in LV that knows how to make a great burger and a great pastrami sandwich. Love the krinkle fries.
4	I have been going to the beach for several years.  Definitely a neighborhood spot.  You very quickly get to know the staff so it feels like a visit with friends.  It is a very family friendly place with good food.
5	Very friendly staff, love their breakfast parfait and ceasar salad spinach wrap .. So tasty and healthy :) and close to my house !! What's better than that :p
5	Love coming to this spot with my honey for a relaxed easy meal that is always around $20 ( can't beat that) ! I just moved to this area and I know I'm gonna be coming here all the time, I can't believe there are any bad reviews. Unless you came in with a massive group of people ( the place is small) the food comes out right away, the girls are sweet, and they have great espresso. Between my boyfriend and I, we have enjoyed the fish tacos, breakfast quesadillas, breakfast sliders, and Maui burger. There is also a tropical waffle on the menu that I've been wanting to try (pineapple, Carmel, macadamia nuts, and something else I forget) that  sounds delicious! If you love a good hole in the wall definitely stop in. Easy, inexpensive,  delicious meal. Love it!
5	Just experienced a great breakfast and I din't have to make it myself..the delivered! The scramble w/chicken apple sausage was spectacular and the breakfast sliders were superb on the hawaiian roll..Kicking myself for not trying them out sooner especially since they are right down the street from the house..I know better now lol..check them out if you haven't already!!!
2	You can do better.My boyfriend and a friend of ours I came here for lunch to try it out based on the reviews on Yelp... Pretty disappointing. At first it seemed like a pretty laid back environment until we sat down and actually looked around. First of all they have the most uncomfortable chairs in town, and the seating was just crappy, they need to upgrade their tables and chairs desperately. The decor was awful, they have old bathing suits stapled to the ceiling and everywhere you look. It was overkill. Then we waited for our friend for a while. It took a long time to get refills on waters, our friend ordered a water and didn't even get it until our food finally came, which took quite some time, and the waitress was behind the counter texting half the time. The food, once again, took a while to come out. I ordered the grilled monterey chicken which was soaked in grease. I was expecting something somewhat healthy, but this was just nasty. I felt awful afterwards. My boyfriend go the Frisco burger, which was ok, but once again, greasy as hell. Our friend ordered fish tacos, which were mediocre and served with a lemon instead of a lime? Kind of odd. We did get a smoothie which was good... But it was almost $5, kind of expensive for how much we got. Better off going to Tropical Smoothie. Needless to say, this place was mediocre at best. Maybe it was just a bad experience? Their menu was intriguing and I was excited, but after I left I had a stomach ache due to the greaseball that I was only able to eat half of. Sadly, it wasn't even flavorful, it was really bland. SUCKS! Don't go out of your way.
5	This little whole in the wall Breakfast/lunch spot is by far my favorite place in Las Vegas.   The staff is very Friendly and make us feel like family every time we come in.  They have the best specials, especially the Captain Crunch French Toast!
3	I was around this neighborhood early this morning because of an appointment.  I woke up late so I could not eat any breakfast (my most important meal of the day).  Walking around nearly 1 1/2 hours with empty stomach, I was starving by the time I was finished with my business!  So I looked up a breakfast & brunch in the area. I had several choices:  Baby-Stacks, Egg works, Cracked Egg, Daily Egg, etc.  But I chose this location because I have tried Baby Stacks and Egg Works; and I figured Cracked Egg and Daily Egg would be very similar to Egg Works.  So I decided to try this place.I ordered Surfs Up Veggie Scramble and Cappuccino....  I ate the whole thing, but I would not say that it was good.  I mean. I was definitely hungry and so I ate.  Usually when I'm hungry, I feel like the food tastes better... However, I just thought I should eat because I'm hungry... The cappuccino was a little luke-warm and not hot enough.  The roasted potatoes(?) were decent but the scrambled egg (the main dish) was a little bland and too oily.  Adding ketchup to it helped the bland flavor.The service was very casual and I'm not complaining.  It is a casual dining place, and I do not expect much.  I cannot say that the staff is friendly though... The server did her job definitely.  She wasn't mean or rude.  She just did her job. So I would just a smile would have been nicer.  I am not sure if I will go back.  I mean, if I am in the neighborhood again, I would probably hit up another breakfast cafe to try.  However, I wouldn't mind eating here again and trying one of their burgers and smoothies... IF this is the closest location.
4	Based on yelp reviews I went in for Capt Crunch French Toast. Exciting as it sounded it wasn't five stars but the server was very helpful and attentive so that makes a difference. The burger menu looks amazing so I will return for that. Good burgers are always a plus.
5	Ordered take out for breakfast. I got everything I asked for (extra blueberries in my pancakes, sub Swiss and egg whites in my omelette). When I got home, I really, really enjoyed my meal. It was less expensive and not obnoxiously huge like Egg Works. Great job!
1	I was disappointed with the service and food here.  I came in for breakfast on a Friday ... not busy at all, which I can't understand why the service was so bad.There is only one server who doesn't seemed thrilled to be there but she was working.  She wasn't rude or anything but she wasn't happy either.  There was another girl who stayed posted behind the counter watching tv ... she must be the owner or something because she didn't do anything or interacted with any customers NOT sitting at the counter.My boyfriend and I ordered eggs benedict and it took over 40 minutes to get our food.  Eggs benedict came with a very small serving of really greasy home fries (aka potatoes) ... it was nothing special.  I was never offered a refill on my drink or asked if everything was ok or if I needed anything else Basically if you want to wait a long time for your food and be ignored during your whole visit ... come to the beach cafe
2	Lunch was nothing special. We got there at 10:30am with full intent of eating breakfast (already had it picked out). We were quoted 15-20minutes. At 11:10am the host looks over at us and asks what our name is (after already seating about 4-6 groups who had come in after us), she sends us down with the lunch menu. I ask if something happened and why we had been waiting for 40min. I was told "I don't think it was that long." After ordering and waiting for longer than normal our food arrived. The French toast was good but nothing special and the fish and chips were soggy. Spoke to the manager who took off the fish and chips from our bill. Nice of him but it was already a bad experience and not great food.
5	I'm writing this review for my 91-year-old mother. This is her favorite restaurant. We drive about 10 miles just to eat here. The food is always good, the servers friendly and helpful, and the owner is almost always there. I've had most everything on the menu, but I usually get the daily specials--they are tasty and plentiful. My mother's favorite is the waffles; they are cooked to a perfect golden brown and served with butter and syrup. For lunch she usually gets a hamburger, but the salads and sandwiches are also good.
2	Went here with my friend for lunch today & although the food was excellent the service was not. The waitress did not look happy at all to be serving us although she had only one other table besides ours. When my friend asked for cream for her coffee she gave her attitude & told her she was busy and would be with us as soon as she can. She also never came back to ask if we'd like refills on our drinks.The eggs Benedict was really great as was the price for it & that's what the two stars are for. Our check came right away, but took 20 minutes to be picked up by the waitress as she was socializing with other co-workers. Overall, the food was great, but service is what makes me not want to recommend this place to my friends.
5	Delicious! I love the fact that they deliver.  Placed my order and within 20 minutes I had french toast and cafe rancheros at my door step. Everything was fresh, warm, & full of flavor! Will try again!
4	I am a new customer of Beach Cafe, but now I am eating their for breakfast at least once a week! The staff is always friendly, and seem to have a relationship with the regulars.  But how I judge a place is by the size of their drinks, and specifically the to-go cups! AMAZING size of to-go cups and the tropical tea is amazing!
3	The food here was deeeelicious! I got the fish tacos and Lava Flow smoothie. The menu was full of unique looking foods and if I had the stomach capacity, I would've tried everything.I can only give three stars though because of the service. The two girls that were working there seemed like they did not want to be there and were not afraid to show it. I'm glad my boyfriend and I got our food to go because I didn't want to be around them any longer.
4	I am a returning customer to Beach Cafe, my parents showed me this place a while back and I find myself coming almost monthly. The smoothies are really good and I have never been disappointed with their food. It bums me out to see how empty it is sometimes when I come in. Well worth a stop in for lunch!
2	I heard the food is good. I will visit very soon
2	This place was alright.. I had the breakfast sliders which were good, but not amazing!! The turn off for me was the lack of customer service. The servers were too busy doing prep work to check on us. I mean it's hard not to watch them since the kitchen is completely open. If I didn't have egg works or cracked egg I would come here. It is a little hard to find as it is hidden by a gas station,Maybe I'll give them another try one day.
2	It's mediocre, not bad, the staff is kind of duh, our  food sat in the window getting cold. In fact, just about everything was kind of luke warm. This was not a busy day. The actual food is of the least expensive product, and I myself can tell. But, the cook doesn't do a bad job with he's got I guess.  It's not McDonalds breakfast, so whatever.
5	Great food, friendly atmosphere, gorgeous waitresses,  and excellent value meals! Breakfast menu is fabulous and I am now a regular customer. You have to try it!
5	Awesome local cafe...love the breakfast skillets. Whenever I am back in Vegas I am sure to visit.  Great menu, friendly wait staff, and fun beach atmosphere.
1	Beware.... The poor reviews for this place mainly come from the shotty customer service and so far they are living up to expectations... I've lived close to this restaurant for a few years now and have yet to try it due to the reviews but decided to go for it this morning. I was searching on yelp for some delivery and this place popped up. Yelp offered the option to place the order on my iPhone app so I went ahead and ordered. I was able to place the order very easily and it have me a window of about 45min to an hour which I was fine with. Since this place is right around the corner from me I did follow up after an hour had passed just to check on the status. I was less concerned with the time and just wanted to make sure the order went through since I haven't ordered on my yelp app yet. I was greeted by a women on the other line who must have been having a bad day. I don't even think I was greeted with a hi or hello... Just beach cafe. I informed the women I ordered on yelp and wanted to see if everything went through, and when I could expect it. She began to tell me I couldn't have done that because they don't offer it... Well if your reading this review you well know there is an option for placing an order. I politely told her there was an option and I ordered a few items and have already been charged for it. She continued to tell me I was wrong in a rude tone and then asked where I lived to which she mentioned someone just left to deliver it. I thanked her for checking and also told her she should take a look on yelp to see the option offered since it got them business. When the delivery guy came I showed him the yelp app with the delivery option and informed him of my experience with the women on the phone. He apologized and the only thing I do feel bad about is I wish I would have given him a bigger tip than what I left originally but the women really bothered me with her rude/condescending tone. You would think after so many similar poor reviews these people might make an effort to change their ways. Overall the good was good and I would like to give this place another shot and re-review at a later date to see if maybe I just caught this place on a bad day....
1	This place takes forever to get your food and has bad customer service. I felt like I was ignored by the wait staff. I had asked for a drink for my daughter (which came with the kids meal) and the waitress seemed annoyed that I even asked. I won't be going back.
5	If I could give 12 stars - I would. Hands down the best food, service and casual atmosphere in Vegas. Easily one of my top 3 favorite places in town.
5	mannnnn this place is good!!!!!
5	Always enjoy going here.. The staff is very nice. I usually just have lunch.. But today I ate here for breakfast and it was delicious
4	I like this place. Came here to eat some breakfast with someone. We were seated and served our drinks at a reasonable time. I ordered the chili cheese scramble and the other ordered the veggie scramble with sausage. The food is tasty and filling at the right price.The missing star is for the service. The service was not the best nor the worst. The server spoke to us as if we weren't priority to them. However, she saw that one of the orders were not correct before we even saw it, which is why I will not give them three stars.
5	Not only does beach cafe have great food, but the people are awesome too. There are so many breakfast items on the menu from breakfast quesadillas, burritos, sandwiches, sliders. Place is awesome. Please go. Friendly establishment and good food!
3	This used to have 5 stars from me. It was my favorite neighborhood spot. I don't know what the big change is due to. The food is still great. The service is mediocre. I had fav servers who I don't see any longer. The delivery is now atrocious. It takes forever to get your food. It comes cold. The blonde lady behind the counter who never does anything or talks to customers, I can only assume she is an owner or manager, she is RUDE.  She's rude when you call, and she's rude if you come to pick up food.
2	i like their food, but man why have i been waiting for my takeout for an hour and a half?!?!  i call and they said its on their way....ummmm if you find me passed out at my desk jus call 911
5	The food is amazing! I love the Belgian waffle beach style! Comes with bananas, pineapple, whipped cream, and caramel drizzle!!! The staff is absolutely wonderful as well! Always recommend this place!
5	Ambiance = excellentFood = excellentService = excellentSo what's not to love?  Nothing!!Go grab some grub and imagine yourself on the beach and as the say "life's good at the beach!"
1	Nothing special about this place, food was ok and oily...esp the potato & French toast. Our server wasn't bad (assumed she's owner or manager) just took awhile for food to come out....and wasn't even busy maybe 4 tables. What really bothers me was the milk was sitting outside the freg for more than an hour and no one seems to care. They opened that freg multiple times and stock freg w other useless drinks but doesn't bother to store milk in there. When I asked for a check this lady (I don't know if she's at training) just starred at me say nothing and give me a blank face. I mean, what about a smile and a OK? Will not be back, good luck w business ..aloha
4	A Hawaiian themed beach restaurant here. It's a laid-back atmosphere in a strip mall area right near my house. I do like the decor. It kind of makes me feel I am somewhat at a beach. I usually run into Robin as my server. She's a nice young girl who is quick with recommendations if I'm not sure what I really want to eat. So far I've had the Monterey chicken sandwich, the Frisco Burger, teriyaki burger, and quite a few other sandwiches on the menu. I don't think I had a meal that I did not enjoy there. The prices are very affordable.
2	If that Beach burger wasnt SOOO GOOD!!Customer service is out the window when it comes to this place. Sometimes bad enough to where I'd just rather go to the million other places that serve burgers just as good or better with even better customer service.
5	The food is always great and fresh! I love the specials, the atmosphere and the service! Robyn is the BEST (Asian waitress) and she always remembers my drink order and never gets my food wrong. My husband and I only come here when Robyn is working because we know we will have a great experience. We come literally every weekend! (Also have multiple friends that do as well)
4	Tried the Beach Cafe for brunch today.  Nice atmosphere, very "islandy" feel.  Plenty of breakfast options as well as sandwiches and burgers.Our group had a club sandwich, a chicken sandwich with chili peppers on it, surfs up scramble and pancakes.  Everything was good, the fries were crisp and came with a great side of ranch.  The portions were large and the service was good as well.I have another breakfast option on the list!
3	I've eaten here 3 or 4 times and I have to give props to the chef, the food that comes out of this kitchen has never disappointed me. When it comes to service, that's a different story. For a small mom & pop shop in a strip mall, service is everything. I can get great food in Vegas anywhere, service is what will keep me coming back. They need friendlier people answering the phone and taking orders. The delivery guys are always really nice. (PS worst hot chocolate i've ever had, basically hot water with a drop of hershey's syrup...not what the menu says)
2	It was ok here. I ate something here before and it was just ok. Just are here for lunch because my coworkers wanted to. Got the Coronado Cesar salad and it was horrible. The menu did not say it would be in a tortilla or something that Is suppose to be a tortilla. The tortilla tasted horrible! The chicken was ok, and some lettuce pieces were old. I also don't have a big mouth so the size of the chopped lettuce was larger than I could take. Unlikely I would return. Id rather drive home and eat frozen teriyaki chicken bowl.
4	Last time I reviewed I gave it three stars because the service was lacking but I've noticed a difference. The girls answering the phone have been much more pleasant lately. As always, the food doesn't disappoint. One minor issue with my last order.... I ordered the chili cheese scramble to go. It has scrambled eggs, chili, cheese and sour cream, except mine came with no sour cream =/ It may seem odd but I've gotta have the sour cream with chili! Otherwise it was delicious.
3	The food here was really good and a better alternative on busy weekends and holidays where the wait is long and is super busy. The 3 stars is more for the service, server was friendly but they seemed so shorthanded. Also should have a couple more high chairs to accomodate families. Overall average, may return.
4	The pancakes were great, and the scrambles are awesome.  It took forever to get my order and I'm not sure it was a Grub Hub glitch or theirs but  it was worth the wait. I have found my new breakfast spot and I plan to be a regular customer.
1	We didn't get an opportunity to eat here because we had to leave due to the service being slow. We came in at 7:15am to eat breakfast, we were here before work so we had about 40mins we could spend here. At 7:30 our order was taken but the cook was doing some sort of inventory so our food wasn't going to be getting prepared for some time. We asked them to cancel their order and said thank you and the woman upfront just ignored me. I was at no point being rude with her but she felt the need to be dismissive towards me. She didn't even great us when we walked in, they actually looked at us shocked that someone would come in within their business hours.I pretty much only shop local and if I can't shop local I at least purchase products manufactured in the U.S.A.  It's a real shame to me when I go to try a new LOCAL place and the service is that bad, I know we weren't there for that long, but you can tell right when you walk into a place how the service is going to be by how you're greeted or lack there of.  I wish I had an opportunity to try their food, had they been more focused on the customer and not on inventory that should have been completed prior to opening then I'd probably be writing a different review right now.
5	Hidden gem behind the gas station? Yes! We went for last minute breakfast. The food was good, the prices were reasonable, and the cute, beachy  decor was a nice change from the desert landscape outside. Oh, and this place is right down the street from us. No complaints, can't wait to go back for lunch!
5	I just happened to find this place on Yelp and I can't believe that Beach Cafe has been open for six years, and it's a punt away from my house. Exceptional food and service and I'm now visiting weekly.
5	Love eating here! It's a small cafe with foods that are full of flavor. They are quick to serve you and prices are very reasonable. They have a great selection of breakfast and lunches and they deliver! One of the best places you can go to for a quick delicious meal!
4	Great breakfast. Great service. Fun theme and atmosphere. I had the biscuits and gravy, which was about the best that I've had so far at a restaurant in Vegas. I'm from NC & I'm very picky about gravy,  especially breakfast gravy "country style". Beach Cafe was a vey close comparison to true country style sausage gravy that I'm accustomed to. I will definitely go back for the biscuits and gravy.  My husband had the breakfast sliders, which he said were really good and would have them again. Our server was very friendly and helpful with our choices. A huge plus for Beach Cafe is that they also deliver. Their menu has a lot of healthy choices for breakfast and lunch and they also serve breakfast all day. I will definitely go back, probably my new fav breakfast place!!!
4	Perfect place to cure a hangover. Fantastic food and fantastic service. Their menu is huge and has something that'll please everyone. Just had the Frisco burger- on point.
2	They have great food here but service is seriously lacking.  The last two times I came here it took more than 7 minutes each time for someone to even acknowledge my presence.  They saw us sitting there but chose to ignore us for a long time.  It is very easy to simply look at someone in the eye and say " I'll be with u in a minute".  Here they would rather ignore you.  I tried ordering for pick up but the order took 35 minutes for breakfast.  Wow!  Never again
4	Cute place, fun and interesting food and drink selections. I had the Ortega Burger which had good flavor (not as spicy as I thought it would be, but that's okay hot sauce did the trick). Also had a bowl of Kevin's homemade chilli; not too heavy and had simple but good flavors also. I love their coffee selections! Cafe frappe, espresso with ice cream. Basically affogato blended up  #delish ! Only down fall is the location, I think this place would be so much busier if this huge gas station wasn't hiding it.
1	I ordered from here via eat 24. It seems as they're using a 3rd party delivery service, I have never had someone knock on my door and ring so obnoxiously ever before. Anyways, the food was mediocre at best. And I ordered a coffee with my food which never came, so I called the restaurant and they said they would deliver it now and apologized. An hour later I still have no coffee and they are about to close. So I contacted the app I ordered through and since I paid with cash I couldn't get a refund unless the restaurant decided to grace me with their presence. I won't be ordering with this restaurant again.Update: I received my coffee, I ordered a frozen white mocha, they brought me a frozen caramel coffee, and the caramel tasted burnt. Bravo, beach cafe.
2	I haven't got my food yet but all I can say is that in order from this place multiple times. One thing I am sure about is there delivery is supppppppppper slow. Like you will die if you order delivery from this place
4	Ambiance is to die for, servers were very nice, food was awesome, so there was really nothing to not love. I saw other reviews that said service was slow but we ordered and had our food within 20 minutes! Potatoes are awesome, but I don't think you can go wrong with any food item. Come because life is better at the beach
3	Found out about this place on www.misterfreakfast.com which is our go-to source for breakfast anywhere in the country.  The breakfast here was fine.  I had an omelet and my wife had the breakfast croissant sandwich.  Both were very tasty!.  The service was great  and the food was delivered in a timely manor... but then there were only about 5 customers in the place at 8:30AM... must be an early crowd in this neighborhood.Ambiance? nothing special...  Its just a diner. Corrugated galvanized metal.  Go here for the food and call it good.
1	The food is delish, but the service is so SLOW and not good. Also, the dining room is filthy! Dirty tables, disgusting floors, dead flies in the window seals. It wouldn't surprise me if the restaurant ended up on dirty dining. It's ashame because the food is very, very good.
4	It took a little bit but the experience with my first Breakfast delivery from them was good.
4	Husband picked up some food from here the other day. I ordered an Asian style wrap (which was delicious) and he ordered a cheeseburger, don't remember which one. I must say that my husband's burger was great!! The meat tasted fresh (I know it sounds stupid) but everywhere I go, seems like places cook up frozen patties or whatnot. It tasted like a good 'Ole American cheeseburger from your local Ma & Pa shop. He also said that the staff was very pleasant. Will definitely be going back!
5	I'm a little confused by the bad reviews, because I have never experienced a bad meal here. The atmosphere is great - so laid back and casual that it makes you forget about work for an hour. They have everything from breakfast and burgers to sandwiches and smoothies. Keep an eye out for the specials! I stumbled upon a delicious seafood sandwich that way, and it was one of the best I've had for lunch. Staff is friendly and food is always fresh and fast. By far my favorite hole-in-the-wall place to grab lunch!
5	Food is fantastic and the people are even better!  5 stars all around!
3	Ordered from this restaurant through Eat24 because we wanted burgers, but nothing within walking distance served them. Found out later that they came with fries, though the menu didn't specify that so I'd ordered an extra side.The burgers were pretty good, cooked properly, and the toppings were fresh (no slimy lettuce). They also got the special order correct, having left the tomato off one of the two burgers, which is nice--it's easy to find a place that will add things correctly, but harder to find one that remembers to take them *off*, or at least remember *not* to put them on.The fries were pretty good; it's hard to entirely gauge the quality of food when it's been delivered after a decent amount of time by a third-party outfit, but we were pleased with our meal and I'd order from this place again.
3	This order is for delivery service only.This place is usually hit but sometimes miss. Of the several times we've ordered, the food has been delicious almost every time (we recommend the beachcomber scramble and blue Hawaiian smoothie) however literally almost every single time there was something wrong with our order, some small mix up (regular eggs instead of egg whites, extra cheese on the wrong dish, etc). This time we ordered two of the exact dish but one with extra chicken. They both arrived with extra chicken which is fine except there's a charge for it and we didn't want it on the second item and one arrived with the toast and potatoes it's supposed to come with and the other one inexplicably just didn't, the sides just weren't there. This type of thing is just extremely annoying but not worth complaining about and waiting for the correct food to arrive.That's the next thing... The wait. They say the food will be there in 45 minutes to an hour but it's almost always 30 minutes late (takes about an hour and a half) like it was today. On the upside, it arrives very fresh with the food hot and smoothies still frozen.There is only one time that was an absolute disaster. We didn't eat more than a few bites of any item. We aren't sure if this was due to our food choices as we had tried some new things off the menu or if it was due to whoever was cooking that day. Everything was soggy and tough. Blech.. In the end, we keep ordering from here so it's obviously not that bad. It's usually delicious, just a little mixed up and late. If they fixed those two things and were open a little later for us night owls it would probably be perfect.
1	I usually don't ever complain but this place is seriously slow I didn't get my food for over an hour and it honestly wasn't that good. I bet they have some good stuff but the eggs florentine tastes like water and the wait was just not worth it.
4	Service very good,Had chili cheese omelet      Not very spicy        W strong tomato flavorBreakfast quesadilla very goodDelmar melt very goodEggs florentine very nice    Except one of the muffins was burnt
