5	Not all Rosati's have the same owner.59th Ave. location serves some of the best pan and Chicago stuffed pizza in the Valley.  Cheese, sauce, and crust all come together beautifully and remind me of Giordano's and other pizzarias in Chicago when I lived there.Service is great.  Order is ready when indicated.  This location is take-out only.
3	Rosati's was  one of the first places I had pizza around here that I actually liked.  I had been worried, after moving here from NY, that I might really not be able to find good pizza so far from what I consider to be the pizza capitols of the world (NYC and Chicago).  Rosati's gave my my first glimmer of hope.The pizza here is good.  A little too much sauce, a little too much flour, but not bad at all.  I think the only complaint is that is a little more expensive than I feel it's worth.  Maybe I'm being stingy, but I don't feel that their basic cheese pizza tastes like it's worth $12.Still, if you're in the area and craving pizza, it's worth stopping in.
1	Since moving to Glendale I have rarely encountered rude business owners, especially during economic downtimes. Apparently the owner (or at least who I'm guessing is the owner) of this establishment (stocky bald guy) doesn't care about his customers. We came in with some local med students, and being students we asked for the cashier to split up the bill. He came over apparently upset and made a snide comment. The pizza wasn't even close to Chicago style deep dish, but whatever enjoyment the food might have offered was soured by the poor management. Definitely do not recommend!
5	If you want chicago style stuffed pizza, this the place in AZ. Like Edwardo's, Uno's or or any of the other stuffed pizzas from Chicago, this is the real deal. Their thin crust and pan style are okay, too, but you can that anywhere. Get a stuffed-- spianch, mushroom and sausage is my favorite-- you won't regret it.
3	As far as the food goes this is some of the best pizza you will be able to find in the Phoenix area if you like real Chicago style pizza. Having said that it is very expensive. The pizza is excellent though, so it may be worth the splurge. I recommend looking for a coupon before ordering, although do so with caution, because this place also needs to be criticized for being stingy with coupons. They need to lighten up and accept the deals they print out. We have had an issue or two in regards to that.On the other hand, the delivery service was good and the delivery guy even made an effort to run the pizza to us, so it was nice to see that he was trying hard to get the pizza to us as quick as possible.
1	Let me preface by saying that if I receive exceptional service, I ensure everyone knows about it; same goes for when I receive terrible service.My friends and I have ordered from this Rosati's location several times.  It is truly hit & miss.Last month, we placed an order for a pizza, fried mushrooms & stuffed jalapenos.  The pizza was fantastic.  The mushrooms & jalapenos were terrible.  Half of them were still cold, to the point where they didn't seem like they were cooked/fried all the way through.  We called Rosati's to see if we could get new mushrooms & jalapenos.  The manager got lippy & told my friend "fried food isn't meant for delivery or carry out".  Then why is it on the menu & why do you offer to deliver it?  After 10 minutes on the phone, the manager begrudgingly agreed to bring another order of each out.Today took the cake, however.  I order the same pizza every time from Rosati's.  I stress "extra sauce" every single time, to the point where the person taking the order tells me "a ton of sauce", no problem!Rosati's brought the pizza out & unfortunately it didn't have extra sauce, at all.  My girlfriend called to see if they'd be willing bring out a pizza to our liking.  The smartass punk manager tells her "the pizza does have extra sauce, I know because I made it, so you're wrong".  Managerial maturity at it's finest. He proceeds to tell her he'll give her a "$5 credit for next time".  Normally I'd be OK w/this, but after the manager decided to be a dick about the entire issue, we told him that wasn't acceptable & another pizza needs to get sent out.Again, after back & forth with this degenerate, he agreed to bring one out "only if you exchange your current pizza with the new one."  Fine by me, we haven't touched the original pizza.Needless to say, the customer experience at this place is substandard, and even that is a stretch.  Very disappointed & I'll be taking my business elsewhere moving forward.
