5	Dale Brown is honest, affordable and knowledgable.  I trust that he will take care of my car at a fair price.
5	In short, Las Vegas Wheel & Brake took great care of us and our car.  We would highly recommend them if you are looking for trustworthy and competent auto repair service. Our story: we were on an extended trip from Portland Oregon when we wore out the brakes on our vehicle while heading over the Sierra mountains (they were smokin!) Then it started shuttering terribly every time it hit 20-25 and 30-35 mph. We thought the transmission was shot and braced ourselves for thousands of dollars of work. Luckily, we found Dale and Linda's team of mechanics to took care of us. They quoted us the worst case scenario on the brakes --new pads, rotors and calipers -- but promised they would only replace what was needed. And they did, only putting in new pads, machining our old rotors and lubing the calipers. As for the shuttering problem, they found the bolts on our drive shaft were about to fall off -- which could have caused a serious disaster on the highway -- and only charged us the labor time to tighten and locktight the bolts. To top it all off, Dale and Linda were terribly nice, even offering to drop off or pick us up someplace in town while they worked on the car. And they have coffee, muffins and the cutest dog in town to keep you company in the office!Our only suggestion for improving the service would be speeding the checkout process. We had to hang out while Dale typed up the invoice, answered the phone and checked in a U-Haul return, even though our car had been ready for awhile.
5	Always fair. .prompt..friendly. .and there's always cake! ;)
5	I recently had to make a cross country trip with my college daughter to St. Louis from Las Vegas.  Of course my car was going to have to stay with her there so she could get around while she was working.  Before our road trip, I wanted to be sure the car was 100% ready for the trip AS WELL AS safe for her to have while she was there.  I  took the car down to LV Wheel Alignment & Brake Service.  Don't let the business name fool you.  They do a lot more on vehicles than just wheels & brakes.  I asked Dale to give the car a full checkup from brakes to oil change.  Pricing was VERY good for all the work that was done and I am TRULY convinced that I got over 30 miles to the gallon on that trip because of the work that Dale & his crew did on my car.Thanks for making my trip safe and not have any worries about the condition of the car that I was leaving with her.
5	Dale Brown and his crew at Las Vegas Wheel Alignment & Brake Service are honest, friendly and knowledgeable.  They keep my car running smooth.
5	We recently rented a Uhaul to move some business equipment home from a Vegas event.  The owner and his wife were very nice, friendly and helpful and the office dog is super friendly.
5	Super honest, friendly, and laid back. Brought my truck in for an alignment, but needed some very obvious additional work which they brought me into their garage to show me firsthand. Bob, is wicked knowledgeable and knows his stuff. I won't be taking my vehicles anywhere else from now on.
5	It's like Norm walking into CHEERS every time I come by! Fair, fast and friendly. From an oil change to engine replacement (yikes!) & anything in between to prevent that ^^ from happening. ..come down and see Dale, Randy & Jorge!
5	Been coming here for 10yrs. Dale and his team are best. They always go the extra mile for me and are very honest about their price. Thank you for the great service
