4	If your going to join the colonic craze, this is the place to do it. The women here know what theyre doing. The lovely owner of this shop is really knowledgable and its really a pleasure to go in. Getting colonics are another story, that is something that you have to do, and cannot benifit from a review!! They are the best game in town for colonics, and I highly recommend, if your into this sort of thing.....
4	This was my first experience with professional colonics in Vegas. I was very excited about getting it done and nervous about going to a new place. It was a great experience! The women are all very nice and welcoming, the first visit you are able to view a very calming educational video about colonics. Then every subsequent visit you can watch tv or movies. It takes about an hour for the total visit and they offer you plenty of time to get yourself together after the treatment. It is very clean and hygienic and makes you feel very comfortable. Every Wednesday is a discount day so you get a price break!
1	This place is very unprofessional and does not know what customer service is. Called to make an appointment and the receptionist answered with hello?.. like her personal phone. She booked the appt. and when I showed up on Saturday, nobody was there. The doors were locked and nobody answered the phone or gave me a call back. Checked my credit card and it was already charged for the service that morning. I didnt receive a call back until the following monday afternoon when the receptionist tried to tell me I booked the wrong day! She had an attitude, called me an idiot and was not sorry. She then tried to tell me there was no manager there and that they did not charge my card. The charge is still on my account! Still have not heard from a manager or owner about any of this.
5	I have been coming here for colonics for about a year and have never considered going anywhere else.  The staff is great.  Friendly and well informed.  Easy in and easy out.  No fluff, no nonsense and no upselling for other products or your next appointment.  Total privacy and clean.  Appointments are kept on time, there are weekly deals and you can book your appointment on line.I always leave here feeling lighter and cleansed of so many toxins that enter my body on a daily basis.
5	I have had colonics the old fashion way and I will never go back! This is the best most private way to do colonics,. Apart from the procedure being so great, I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful in every way. The place is Clean and quiet . I bought a 3 pack at first and today I will purchase another 6 pack. I can't wait to get in and start my colonics again. I recommend this place to everyone
5	Today was my first experience with hydrocolonic therapy. The staff at AGC made my experience great. I was terrified of the process even though I knew what to expect from watching all of the videos on their site. I arrived 25 minutes early, as suggested on the website. The building is very easy to find. I was greeted by Charlene Gullotta, she's a certified hydrotherapist and then some! I filled out the simple one page information sheet and was sure to include details of my lifelong battle with stomach issues. I made her aware that although I was nervous, I needed to start cleansing because the last 4 generations of my family have been plagued with colon cancer.She walked me back to one of their spa-like hydrotherapy rooms. Everything was very clean and the whole office was serene and quiet. It didn't have a hospital or doctors room feel (thank goodness). Charlene briefed me on the whole process and showed me how to get set up on the cushioned table. She said she would come back in 5 minutes to turn the UV water machine on. The ultra modern (yet easy to use) equipment uses warm purified water that flowed through by gravity. So there wasn't a violent rush of water flow. The tube they used was literally thinner than a pencil and only needs to go in about an inch or so. The set up was completely painless.Well, we got the show on the road and Charlene checked on me a few minutes later. I felt fine and was mortified watching "the viewing tube". It immediately made me wonder why it took so long to try this! She said if I wanted she would come back and check on me, otherwise I would see her when I'm done (a video plays during the 45 min cleanse and instructs you when it's nearly done). I didn't think I would, but I told her she could check on me just in case I screwed something up--I'm THAT girl! Haha!Charlene came back about 15 minutes later and said the water was going to start heating up to 104 degrees to help break though the intestinal wall of concrete poop that most people have built up over a lifetime! She gave me a massage ball to use in a circular motion on my stomach to help move things along. Although it wasn't traumatic, I experienced cramping and twisted pains throughout my stomach at different points during the cleanse. Nothing a woman that has monthly PMS can't handle. I was also sweating and getting a little dizzy as the toxins passed through. At one point, I was so relaxed, I thought the tube fell out because I had zero feeling of pain/pressure! When the video ended, she knocked on the door and instructed me on how to use the sprayer/shower handle (think kitchen sprayer) I was thrilled to see I didn't have to use 300 baby wipes to clean up and dry off.  I left feeling clean and excited to start this new health journey! Oh--one of the best parts? -- I lost 4lbs when I weighed myself before I left! I'll be back soon! This is the best I've felt in a longgggg time! Thank you all for being so helpful!
