1	I went here for lunch one day with a co worker, and was not impressed. We sat at the bar, hoping to get faster service, since we were on a time schedule. After about 40 min, and 2 drinks later, our food finally came out. Wasn't impressed. I got a chili dog, and to my surprise, there were 2 of them on my plate. I ate one, and saved the other one for later. Needless to say I was friends with the toilet that evening and threw the other one away. I'll leave the chili dogs to Chicago, they seem to get it there.
2	Standard fare, there I pretty much summed up what you should expect from this Native New Yorker location.That being said they do a decent job at the standard fare. The food is consistently mediocre which, in my opinion, is better than somewhere with outstanding food one trip and lousy food another time. The wings (which my co-worker orders every time) always look and taste the same. Also, they are 0.35 cents on Tuesday and Thursday. The sandwiches are fairly good. I stick with the Italian and curly fries. This location does stand out from other Natives as they have $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon 22oz beers all the time. Quite a good deal.They also have free UFC fights, so if you're into those types of things it might be worth a trip to not pay for it at another bar with equal amounts of average bar drinks/food.
2	I went here last night with some friends from out of town who I havent seen in awhile (I know it was valentines day but we were celebrating being single of course)! We also wanted to watch the olympic ice skating and relax. I showed up late (horrible habit) and found them in the center of the room... apparently they had just ordered so I quickly looked over the menu. 10ish minutes passed by and not a single waiter in sight.. except for the one playing video games so I politely went over and asked if I could order and he said go to the bar and ask (i forget her name) so I went over there and she said she would find my server for me. I said thank you and sat down. 5 minutes later still nothing. 10 minutes later our server does appear with every one else's food! All I wanted was some water and some wings.. Needless to say I finally got my food (honey bbq wings) and was happy but the service..yuck!
