5	What is more exciting than your first Korean karaoke bar experience?  NOTHING!Last night, a MASSIVE (12+) group of my friends and I headed to Zizzy's (also called Z2) after a few hours of pool and drinks at a PT's.  It's located right beside the Chinatown Mall, but is hard to spot because it's set back from the road in a strip mall, so look out for it!  We had to U turn to get in...  Parking was alright at 9pmish on a Friday night, but it's surrounded by several Korean and Chinese bbq joints so it may be more of an issue during dinner hours.  When we first walked in, I was very impressed by the decor and feel of the place.  The windows and doors are all tinted very dark, so even with all the lights around it it was nice and dim.  They have a few tables and a bar in the front for those who just come to dine.  Overall it was very posh and tasteful.  Our sever led us back to their largest room (room 2 is great for huge crowds!)  It was very dark in the room with a large bench sofa than ran three walls of the room and two large tables.  On the fourth wall was a huge entertainment center with a large flat screen in the middle, the song number puncher (if you can't find the remote...it really is dark!) and smaller screens.  After we all snuggled in, the soju and warm sake started flowing and the server kept it coming!  You can also order food and have it brought to your room.  We got an order of shrimp tempura, and they give a heaping pile of six or seven large shrimp instead of the three I usually see on a tempura appetizer.  I had a bite of one and it wasn't bland or dry like some places.  Veerry tasty if you are a shrimp tempura fan.The majority of their karaoke selection is Vietnamese and Korean, but they did have a good collection of standard karaoke songs for Westerners like me.  Hit Me Baby, Dirrty, P.I.M.P, As You Are, Eternal Flame, and of course I Will Survive were just a few in our repertoire that night!  They provide you with two microphones but everyone was yelling so loud, thanks to Mr. Soju, that we didn't need more anyway.The room runs around 25-30 bucks an hour.  The soju comes in around 13 bucks a bottle.  Dunno how much the sake or tempura was, but it totaled out around 25 or 30 bucks a person, and worth every penny.  I made new friends, tried new things, got GREAT pictures, and I will definitely be tagging along for the next outing at Zizzy's!
4	We've been going to Zizzy's and Z2 for a few years now. Its conveniently located under the ever popular Ichiza. We're used to running that circuit. One of the cool things about this place is you can buy a bottle (of Johhny, Belvedere, whatever) and they'll locker it up for you for thirty days. So you pay for the bottle of booze and every time you come in, you just drink from that bottle, no more tabs (just tip!). Not that we've ever done that ... It was only recently that we began hitting up Zizzy's with a large enough crew to karaoke. The best thing about this place is they have private rooms. Not that I'm ashamed of wailing out in public. But its annoying hearing other people sing. I really don't care about people outside of my circle of trust. This place is the devil. Once the apple soju and Hite beers start a-flowin', they never stop. Its especially asinine coming after Sapporos and sake upstairs at Ichiza. And I think they strategically give you salty bar nuts so you keep drinking. I've grown accustomed to paying a $60+ share of the bill. But then again, we normally karaoke for an upwards of five hours. Karaoke is the new strip club. Their music selection is weird. They have some Journey (in my opinion, Journey is the ultimate karaoke music), one lesser known Bjork song, and a lot of Stryper. I don't know that they have much Viet songs (as another Yelper mentioned), but there's a lot of Korean and a some Japanese songs. The service is always friendly, but I recommend having a native Korean speaker in your group. Makes things easier. I leave when the sun comes up or my bf passes out, which ever comes first. Some how these two events seem to coincide. * non-casino, off the strip
4	Another Korean joint, if you're into this type of scene.  The Duk Bok Gi is great here.  The Korean chicken wings aren't as much.  I do like the kimchi tofu though.  The atmosphere is dark as always.  Music playing.  It has a slick decor with music playing a bit loud in the background.  Drink prices are fair I guess.  Food's a bit more than other Korean places.  Karaoke rooms are nice.  There's one that I know of in Z2 and a few in Zizzy which are across from each other.
4	As if there isn't enough to do in Vegas, our crew hit up this place around 3am after the Foundation Room and rocked it til 6.  When I asked the staff in the morning what time they usually close, they quitely said 4:30-5...haha.  Maybe the girls with us and the ginormous amount of alcohol and food we ordered bought us the extra hour?  Anyways, the food was decent (dukbokki and taenjang chigae) and the small "service" dishes were too but I can't remember much.  The selection of music was better than "bazic" but the sound system sucked.  Anyhow, one of four k norebangs in LV that you can end your night/morning at.
3	I like this little bar. It is modern and cozy at the same time. They have several rooms for karaoke depending on the size of your group. This is a great place to hang out if you want it to be a little low key. I like drinking Hite beer! :)
4	It's been a couple years since the last time I was at Zizzy, but as I recall I had a great experience.  Drinks are fantastic, service is fast and the private karaoke room was pretty cool.  I'll be here again for my friend's birthday this Saturday ~ we'll see if things got better!
4	Fun little karaoke bar in the heart of Chinatown on spring mountain. Several rooms of all different sizes to fit your singing entourage. Half full bar with enough to get you to sing a few classics
3	My friends and I went here both before and after Ichiza one night. We were there before because Ichiza had a bit of a wait. We thought the place was pretty nice, so we came back afterward for some more drinks. OK the truth is, one of my friends had a thing for the bartender, so he insisted that we return.We were only in the front bar area, but I understand there are karaoke rooms in the back. The front area is small and was empty when we were there. The bartenders are very nice and friendly, I'm not sure I would recommend the place based on my experience, but it's definitely a chill little bar. A-OK in my book.
4	Good ambiance.... my friend said he first started coming here in 2004, when they were just starting out and before the owner bought out the sushi place next door.  He said it's come a long way since then. This place has a great, relaxed atmosphere... there are karaoke rooms for fobby gatherings.  I would come here again if given the chance.  The peach soju = :)
4	Whenever I come to Vegas, (4 or 5 times a year), I still need my karaoke fix.  I don't like paying ten bucks a song at those karaoke clubs on the strip.  So I drive out to chinatown and spend three hours at Zizzy.  The price is decent, fifteen dollars an hour for my friend and I, and it's clean and laid back.  When you walk in it looks like it's only a bar but the karaoke rooms are down the hallway.  I ordered soju from the bar, but  out of habit I brought in my large cup of soda pop laced with vodka.  I usually end up throwing it on my friend because his singing sucks.  ( I know what you are thinking, how rude I am for throwing vodka on my friend.  But like I tell him, it could be worse, vodka has no smell.  What if I threw cheap wine on him?  Then he would walk around the rest of the night smelling like a homeless wino who can't sing! )  If you like to karaoke and you need to get away from the strip for awhile, then check this place out.   ( They don't take Discover card. )
2	This place is great but it's also not the best.It's nice they serve food to you but It's very pricey.  Nothing on their menu is too Wow...and the selection of music is okay.  They have different folders of music, and have separate singing rooms.  It's like a typical asian karoke place. I like their soju though.  Other than that eh.  It was okay.
4	HH here is awesome! if its not already playing, ask and they'll play K-pop. I'm korean, the sushi is blah. the ddukbokki is good, decent - expensive tho! $13 for what should cost no more than $8/9. love the skewers.there are rice bowls with meat - the portions are not super-sized, so if you're looking for quantity, this isn't the place.nice chill (not crowded) place to come relax after rough day at work.it's a bar though, so if someone comes in & wants to smoke, they can :(HH prices really can't be beat & their soju is very tasty!
4	Zizzy offers all the necessary ingredients for successful renditions of the latest K-Pop.  Soju + OB + cheap room rates = blackouts... good times.
5	Let me start by saying...Sonja is awesome!  She is one of the best bartenders my husband and I have encountered in a while!  Sonja explained the menu to us, made some very helpful suggestions and frequently checked on us.  We had such a nice chat with her and we are definitely going back!  All of the food is fresh and tasty.  We went very plain and simple.  Just ordered the shrimp tempura and a California roll.  May I say that my new favorite drink is Soju!  First we ordered the peach, followed by strawberry then Sonja suggested this flavor that tasted just like an Orange Creamsicle.  OMG!  So tasty and fun!  I would definitely come here for their happy hour or just an evening on the town.  It's tucked back into a shopping center in China Town.  We didn't go for the karaoke rooms but it looked like they were filling up and people were enjoying themselves.Looking forward to returning to this tiny but sweet bar!
5	Seriously, how come I hadn't been here before?! This place is awesome!Here's how it works: you pay a certain amount of money per hour (depending on the room size, but the lowest price is $15/hour). Each room has two mics, a tambourine, a very Korean keyboard for controlling the tv/karaoke system, and of course the awesome hardware. They have a lot of Asian music, but also a lot of cool American songs you know all the words to. Also, each room has a button you push to summon the bartender, who will very quickly return with your alcohol of choice. I had soju for the first time ever, and I loved it!Anyway. They (of course) have Journey, Queen, Maroon 5... a bunch of stuff. And since it's private, the other rooms can't hear how crappy you sing! It's great!The bar outside also seems to be really full-service, though I didn't stray from soju. And the shopping center it's in is really awesome, too, home to Ichiza and Kaya sushi. Win all around!
4	Lemme just preface by saying that ME and KARAOKE = LOVE!!Came here on a Wednesday night and it was $15 hour. SCORE!!! They didn't ask for a drink minimum, which is great! Though I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't a broader non-alcoholic drink menu. I know, I know...how does one sing karaoke without singing? Trust me, it can be done!!The song selections, while fairly up-to-date, don't have the original music videos, but rather, Korean actors/actresses trying to dance/walk/sing/(insert verb choice) to the song. Still, a fabulous time was had by all and I would go back in a heartbeat if ever in town!!It is located next to the Tea Station in Chinatown on a busy street so it was easy to locate and only a $8 (incl. tip) cab ride from the Palazzo. Oh, and the employees were kind and attentive! That never hurts!!
4	Great place to have a little happy hour fun!
1	I cant begin to comprehend how such a small  establishment with only a few empty  tables and with two to three occupied tables on a slow friday night can two employees still give such poor customer service. my party had made numerous  attempts to get our server's attention to a point where all of us had to call and wave our hands only to be ignored. Then have the odacity to drink with their friends and be on their phones. This experience only justifies why this place was a second choice.
3	Don't get me wrong. Their happy hour is awesome! Their service... not so much. I went there one evening around 8pm, which is usually not happy hour anymore, but Zizzy's happy hour is from 5 to 9pm, so that's awesome for people who have weird shift hours! :)I ordered some sushi. I had to go up to the bar counter to order because the two waiting bartenders were busy texting and talking to each other. Nevertheless, I finally was able to make my order. Their sushi comes from Kaya, the Korean AYCE sushi house next door. As my suspicion was confirmed, they are both owned by the same owners. Sushi was pretty good. I ordered the salmon skin roll, Philadelphia (so I like cream cheese and salmon and no I'm not Jewish) roll, and the spicy tuna roll. I have had KAYA many times, so I knew it would be solid. Their yogurt soju was really yummy. It's slightly carbonated as they add 7-Up to liven up your taste buds. As I walked to the back for the restroom, I passed by some karaoke rooms and it looks like they have a large selection of Korean and English songs to choose from. The restroom was out of paper towels, so I air dried on my walk back. Although their drinks and their food were 4 stars, their service was very poor. There was no attention paid to our table, even when we were trying to give them money, we also had to go up to the bar to pay, but I know that's not the protocol because I saw them drop the check off at other tables. I might be back one more time to give them the benefit of the doubt, but I would say that they are ok for now.
4	Had fun...would have been five stars except: 1) not enough country selections and 2) despite the no smoking signs inside, lots of people were making it stuffy and smelly...
5	Like an episode from " Cheers" everyone knows my name and most importantly I know everyone there! The karaoke rooms are always clean with a large selection of songs to choose from, you can sing all night long.  If your hungry, They serve food from next door at Sushi Kaya.  Drinks prices can be bit cheaper considering the space isn't that big but at least you can bring your own hookah so that's a plus. Over all its a cozy little spot to chill at and the crowd and staff are all friendly!  BANG!
2	Probably one of the worst Karaoke places I've been to. I'm a karaoke nut and this place was lacking for a few reasons. The bar doesn't have karaoke, so you have to purchase a room. The rooms are extremely stuffy. The song choices are severely lacking. The books are mostly in Japanese (So not Americana friendly Karaoke), and the machine was broken, so we couldn't line up songs ahead of time. Had to enter them as soon as someone's song was done. In addition (And this is just me being a nitpicky Karaoke girl) the videos don't match what you're singing. There is just a long string of random videos that aren't connected to any song in  particular. So my friend is singing "Like a Virgin" and there is a video of a child playing a violin, while an old man looks on. **Awkward** LOL The only redeeming thing about this place was the food.
4	Well thank you other reviewers for some hearty laughs! Yes this place has its quirks but overall my friends and I had an awesome time full of laughter and sick cat-type singing. The place is pretty cut and dry. There are karaoke rooms, there is a bar, there are restrooms. The rest is up to you! Their song choices are overall pretty decent, there were a few here and there that we couldn't believe they didn't offer. The videos, though as lots of people mention have absolutely no bearing on what song you're singing, were incredibly entertaining! I mean one of the stars in numerous videos was named Banana Girl...how can you not love that??!! Who needs American videos?My only semi-complaint was that we weren't made aware of a button to get the waiter so we went out and got our drinks every time. Not the end of the world cause you get some fresh air but minus a star on customer service. The drinks aren't bargain basement but they're strong so who cares. A few margaritas, some Sapporo and you're all set! Overall this place is a good time. Even if your friends insist they don't sing karaoke, they will. It's contagious!!
5	Good spot to sing and get tipsy!
5	My Recommendation: Sweety Roll Love this place mainly because the bar tenders. They were so sociable, something rarely found in asian restaurants. All the drinks were good. Even the ones they created on the spot. The music was poppin' and even the other customers were friendly.
5	We were in Vegas for the weekend for my friend's bachelorette party and stopped here on Saturday before we went out. It happened to be happy hour, and I could not be happier with the experience.We got 3 bottles of Nigori sake, and an hour of karaoke for $15. I shit you not. $15!!! Our bride also got a free shot of patron at the bar. The staff was really nice. They don't have a huge selection of songs, but for the service and the positive experience we had at that kind of price, this place is amazing.
2	It was ok. I mean, it wasn't Bazic or anything. lol (I'm such a Bazic Elitest).Soju was cheap, which is always good. But, I wonder how much soju was, actually, in there because my friends and I bought must've been 7 bottles of soju in an hour half span and I was still standing.3 bottles at Bazic get me blurry.Soju was presented in a Patron bottle which was a nice/cool touch; BUT, the bottle was soooooo sticky. Obviously because it spilled out when being poured in.Whatevs. Meet me at Bazic up the road.
4	This is a hip and trendy little Korean karaoke/bar/lounge in the heart of China Town! Usually gets pretty packed on weekends with a mixed crowd! I would suggest coming for Happy Hour 5-9 (half off select food and drinks!) They get their food from over at Kaya Sushi so you know it's going to be pretty good! As far as drinks go.. definitely try the yogurt soju (served in a Patron bottle) taste yummy but can be deadly!!! Or have one of the awesomely HOT bartenders (Sonya, Young, Justin) whip up something special for you! So whether you want to rock out on the mic in a private room, get hammered at the bar or just meet some cool new people this place is a great choice! The only con: parking can be tight and crazy~
5	I love coming here with friends! So much fun & the drinks are good. :)
2	Somehow we all decided to come karaoke! This is the second time I have set foot in this spot... Walking in, a certain scent invades my nose - it's a toilet bowl. Not cool. We get walked back to our karaoke room. We then had to wait about twenty minutes for our microphones. Why? Because they had to charge! Shouldnt a karaoke place have supplies ready for their patrons to use??!! After we waited we all sang for a bit and then: one of the microphones died in mid-song! WOW!!! I would think shit would work in their venue since we were paying for the karaoke room... We also ordered french fries, apparently there were "seven" orders in front of ours but it still took about thirty minutes. A little long to drop some fries in some hot oil.Anyway, the staff was nice enough but the karaoke could have been A LOT better experience.
4	If I'm not at Bazic, I'm here. My friends and I used to bounce back and forth between Zizzy and Bazic at least once a month. I even threw a birthday party here one year! Zizzy has a great happy hour and good selection of songs for karaoke. The only downside lately is that God awful sewage smell! I hope they take care of that soon. :/
4	i love this place....really really good drinks and fun singin at the top of my (horrible) lungs!!!
1	The worst place!!!!!My family and I were in Vegas in june of 2012 for the weekend, came here after a night out - thought it'd be a nice fix for sushi. Really couldn't have been more wrong...Service was horrible, the guys leading this place pay more attention to their friends than paying customers. Also, horrible at taking orders - missed about 3+ orders out of our group of 10. One of us didn't even get out order at all! And one thing, I myself ordered the Avocado lover roll; it's not even a roll! It's basically a big chunk of avocado! $13 for that was definitely NOT worth it. That order didn't even come until much later, the guy taking the orders said he "didn't get that one" when that was the first freaking thing I wanted in the first place! Shouldn't have even ordered it at all...This place is overpriced and so unprofessional. We all hated it.
4	OMG did you just eat somewhere and want to burn those Vegas calories?! This is your place and you don't have to embarrass yourself in front of a bunch of people, I dragged my ever so reluctant hubby into this place. We didn't eat just ordered a bunch of Mellon ball drinks and sang the night away. It was just us in our own private booth and the guys at the bar were helpful and brought our drinks over in a timely matter. It's definetly got that dive bar feel, and I am happy to say I didn't use the restroom here. Some popular songs we wanted to sing weren't on the track lists and the songs we did sing were not accurate lyrics but who cares, it was fun and we got into it.
3	Went here for HH -- hours are 6-9. We really wanted to try their soju for HH and were not disappointed. For $7.50, the cocktail soju was served in Patron-sized bottles -- it probably was a Patron bottle, come to think of it. I've had better yogurt soju but you can't beat the price. I feel like it's a bit diluted though -- not much for the buck. We also ordered kimchi fried rice and the mussels, all delivered from the sushi place next door. (food violation, much?) The rice is a pass, but the mussels are delicious. It states only 3 pieces, but it's actually 5. Sweet deal for $2.50. We came at 7pm, and there was only one other party there. The bartender was more aloof than helpful, but nothing surprising for a Korean karaoke joint. My main problem was that it was 100+ degrees outside and it was not better on the inside. Even if there are only two parties in the room, please turn on the AC. It was really too hot to truly enjoy the food. Great place to hang out with a large group of people (hopefully with AC), I didn't smell any "toilet smell", excellent HH deals.
5	I love this place! Cant beat their prices honestly. The bartenders are fun and friendly and their fruit/yogurt soju is the best in Vegas I have tried so far! Not only is it a bar but they have karaoke rooms you can rent by the hour. Also try the beef bulgogi, its definitely my favorite. Happy hour is from 7 to 9 I believe and they stay open late, until 4am! The fact that its close to a lot of yummy places, makes it easy to grab a bite to eat after drinking too.
2	This rating is only for the Karaoke room.  Karaoke system is soo outdated, I don't know where to begin. Also, very limited of options to adjust the system.
5	I have always been a fan of Zizzy's and my last experience justifies why I like it here so much. In the years past I would always pick Zizzy's as my go to karaoke spot, I even celebrated my 20th birthday here. Yah long time ago considering I'm in my mid-twenties now. A few weeks ago I came here on a Friday night to the bar (not for karaoke) while waiting for a table at Kaya. They were rather low on their inventory because there were several drinks we requested, but did not have the liquor to make those drinks. Oh man, we were in a bind then I remembered Zizzy's has awesome Soju drinks. And I was right! We ordered strawberry and it was delicious. It was fairly large size since it came in a patron bottle. Kinda odd for me, but I'll take it? The bartenders Justin and Andy were pretty awesome too! They were both friendly and prompt at making our drinks, which is the reason I am giving them 5 stars. I didn't realize till I checked Yelp that we came during happy hour which is why our soju was only $9, what a deal! Mind you my friend and I shared this drink and we were both pretty buzzed from it. I will definitely be coming here to pre-game before hitting up the club. Plus, I heard ownership will be changing and will be making changes for the better. Something to look forward to!
1	SO LONG HAPPY HOUR! My friends and I have been frequenting this hidden gem for years solely because of their kick ass happy hour. So we show, after work, eat, drink, and be happy.... Until the bills come! Wow, no more happy hour? No warning? And no significant menu change? Not cool, at all! We seriously left feeling completely blindsided.. Still hungry.. And not buzzed.. But definitely broke. When we questioned it, the staff was super nice about it, but still- should have been notified. We will find a new happy hour spot that doesn't smell like bleach, have a busted toilet and non-air conditioned karaoke rooms. Boy, bye!
1	With Lindsey H. @ Zizzy's. Great evening, drinks, food and then the damn bill. Uhh, why the hell is my $40.02 bill not crossed out and written to the tune of $20.01!!! WTH? what do you mean you don't have Happy Hour from 6pm to 9pm anymore?? Uhh this is why we come here! So yes, this is or I should say WAS one of our spots that we frequent until we received our bills this evening. This was a great place to go for Happy Hour. I mean 6pm to 9pm? Where else can you find that in Vegas? I had to say something because we were clearly pissed. The gents were very nice about it yes, but damn give me a heads up. We ordered OVER $200  in food and drinks! So the bartenders/servers (great service by the way) said they are revamping the place and they are going to bring happy hour back at it's regular time and then a late nite happy hour. Ok, cool but we sure as hell will not be back until then.
1	Overpriced and not at all worth it for drinks. If you just want to do karaoke it's not too bad. Also it smells really bad in here not sure if they have plumbing issues.
3	Justin is awesome! Very attentive and professional. He has the right staff and his happy hour is phenomenal. This is my first time here and I will definitely come back. Try the soju cocktails, they are to die for.
5	Love this place. Favorite karaoke bar in town. Great happy hour specials. Great friendly staff.
