4	I like the galleria, especially the grand foyer that makes walking into the office like a presidential entrance. The facilities are well kept, and everyone who works the center is really friendly.
3	Pretty solid building. The foyer is pretty solid. The parking lot is pretty neat.Ok....now the insider information. There is an "executive" bathroom on the 5th floor. If you go up the escalator on the Cafe Conmigo side and take it all the way to the top, instead of going to the usual 5th floor bathrooms, hang a right, then another right. Follow the hallway with the glass wall. Then at the end of the hallway, make a left. Keep following that hallway until you see the next set of bathrooms.The floors are lined with gold (ok, tile), and luxurious. You'll feel as if you stepped into a country club. Live the lifestyle my friends....live the lifestyle.You spend all day here. Enjoy.Also, the people that come into the offices to clean up at night are lovely people. Treat them right.
4	Met a few colleagues here for a business meeting.  Located in downtown Scottsdale, I really like the way this place is setup.  There's a convenient parking garage next door to the building, which allows for easy access and most importantly, covered parking.The building is very spacious and has a good vibe to it.  A great place to conduct business.Return Factor - 100%
3	I worked in the Galleria for almost a year and a half. The building is fine, though it definitely looks like the 80s and 90s happened all over this place. The foyer and subsequent acoustic principles make me want to do an a cappella concert in there (yeah, I said it...nerd alert). It seems like they do maintenance work on the escalators on a weekly basis, which can be annoying.The maintenance staff there is great, and you can take yourself on a fun adventure trying to find the "executive" restrooms on the third floor. Overall it's a nice building, though you have no reason to go unless you work there.
5	This place is amazing! Very classy & stylish and upscale! There are many offices/companies here, including Yelp, SAP, Le Cordon Bleu, & CA Technologies, just to name a few. The people here are very friendly and always helpful if you have a question or need anything. There is on-site security inside the building and also in the parking garages. Also, there is a cafe on the ground floor if you're hungry while waiting to meet with a client or waiting for an interview, or if you're just there to visit someone who works in the building for one of the companies. There is also a long walkway bridge that goes over the Scottsdale Road/Drinkwater Boulevard area and connects to the other side of the center.
5	I have been working in the Galleria Corporate Offices for seven years now. The location in Old Town Scottsdale is ideal! The foyer and offices are all well-maintained. The Galleria provides a secure, clean and comfortable atmosphere for the many employees of various companies housed there. Nice! :)
