4	This is a small place near Sahara & Fort Apache. The owner is the chef / cook.Falafel is made to order. I love falafel and these were very good.The hummus is freshly made, very creamy and several flavors were available.Enough food to take home for a later meal. There were several types of baklava but I was too full to try them this time.
5	What a refreshing place to dine. Got a coupon from Living Social and decided to check it out. The owner was really nice, and the food was prepared fresh while we waited. It was amazingly good. We have eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants, and usually pricey ones at that, and they couldn't beat the food we were served here. Very good and very very inexpensive. For under $20 we left stuffed and will an entire box of leftovers for lunch the next day!
5	I can't believe I live this close and we have never been here. Price, Value and selection; nobody even comes close. FYI when you order the Hummus- one plate is good enough for 2-3 people. Comparing: -the hummus is better than at Sammy's woodfire pizza (which is okay to get my fix) and ALI Babba in San Diego. -the bread is more generous here but Sammy's is better. I have ate at alot of Arabic restaurants. So I used the places that have I like best to compare it too. The Tabouli- is OFF THE CHAIN- so good. Which is just opposite to Palms casino buffet which carries alot of Arabic food that borders lines offensive and is gross.
5	I was getting home sick for my mom's cooking even though she is Filipino she can make some awesome middle eastern food! She was taught by my grandmother who I never had the pleasure of meeting but her spirit lives on through my mom's cooking! The food at the Hummus Bar matches my mom's home cooked meals which I was really excited about. I had the Red Pepper Hummus ($7.95) and opted for the spicy version. My husband had the Hummus with Chicken Breast ($9.95). I liked the consistency of the hummus which was smoother than Sammy's Woodfire Pizza 's Hummus which is on the gritty side. They serve the hummus with warm pita bread. The pita bread was fluffier and softer than the type you get at the store. The chicken that came with my husband's plate was flavorful but carnivores beware there isn't a lot of meat served with this dish. We also had the Tabouli ($2.95) which had a nice zesty flavor to it. I showed my husband the difference between fresh Tabouli and sad Tabouli. The Hummus Bar 's version had nice green leaves which were not wilted compared to the Palms Tabouli that they serve in their buffet . The Palms Tabouli is a dark murky green from sitting out too long and it is very salty! The food here was more than enough for 3 people so we took the rest home for tomorrow's lunch. The food is good quality and very fresh! Now if I can only find a good Filipino food place besides Jolly-bee close by then I would be all set!
5	Best hummus in town!!!!!!! The pita is soft and tastes great too!! The owner is very friendly and takes great pride in his food too! I will definately return!!!
5	For some reason every middle easter restaurant in Vegas is really really overpriced EXCEPT FOR THIS ONE.  We just ate here and honestly it tastes just like the places in Israel.  The cook is amazing and the food is made fresh and with lots of care. I highly recommend this place.
4	Every time I think of hummus I think of Bruno confusing it with Hamas. This happens often as hummus has become one of my favorite foods. Naturally I had to try a place that highlights something that is usually just a "sauce". The BF and I shared: Baba ganoush ($5.95) they serve you a bowl full. It's creamier than most and more yogurt like. It has a good smoky flavor though and good little bites of eggplant. Hummus, salad, falafel, drink combo ($9.95)- The hummus is good here; it's a smooth and creamy consistency with good flavor. The salad it comes with is cucumber,tomato, onion salad simply dressed with lemon and olive oil. They give you small falafel that is light and crunchy.  I prefer a softer, denser lightly crunchy ball. The pita accompany it is fluffy and great. They offer a "free salad bar" and it's not what I think when I hear that word. It's more accompaniments than dinner salad. It was more like pickled carrots, pickled spicy cauliflower, red cabbage slaw, radishes, hot sauce, stewed tomatoes making up the spread. Everything was fresh, homemade tasting and went well with the baba and hummus. The portions were generous since we took home enough for a snack later.There are trays of sweets so we were curious to try some. I ended up getting a orange blossom water infused baklava square and the BF got one that was plain with a cherry on top. The chef (presumably owner) gave us a bag of little crunchy balls covered in the same type of syrup as the baklava. Everything was pretty good, but small. It was $1.99 for a two bite piece so while the meal is a deal of a price the desserts aren't.It's a basic little place and the staff was pretty nice. One interesting plus is there is a sink outside the bathroom for washing hands. I think if you are seeking a fresh meal this is a great spot.
5	Initially, I was trying to find the Panini Cafe but walked into the hummus bar instead, since I was not minding the signs. But nonetheless, I'm soo happy I did, no offense to the panini cafe. The woman and man working behind the counter were so welcoming and even gave me a free sweet dessert. Hummus was amazing and I got a bug bowl of lentil soup for only $2.95! Nice warm and fluffy pita bread was served along side the hummus which I smothered it with.  I got the dish that came with felafel balls (6) and hummus, which was a big portion for two, i think, considering I only could finish half of itOn another occasion, I ordered their hummus with onion and mushroom, which also comes with about 3 fluffy pieces of pita bread but I asked for extra, where they gave me 2 more but charged me $1 extra ;(.  It was just as good as the other dish I had and essentially the same but with onions and mushroom mix in.The place is extremely small where I counted, I think, 5 tables or so. I really don't recommend bringing a big group in here, but take out is always a good option. They also had patio seating which is a nice option when the weather permits it.  Other than that, if you are looking for the panini cafe, its next door.  I was happy to come in here because it was pretty low key and I didn't really want to sit in a restaurant type place by my lonesome.  So thanks hummus bar for unknowingly luring me in.
4	I was going to take hubby out to a pizza place last night.  When I checked yelp again to confirm directions, my eye noticed a NEW REVIEW NEAR YOU.  Yup, Hummus Bar.  Cool.  Let's go there instead!The interior is nothing spectacular and the menu is small, both good signs to me (i.e., the focus is - hopefully! - on the food).  We ordered the hummus and falafel combo and the hummus-2 skewers-in a pita combo.  Both were fantastic and made to order using very fresh ingredients.  Smooth, creamy hummus, crunchy-on-the-outside falafel, and lots of fresh veggies in the pita sandwich.  As other reviewers have stated, there is a small salad bar that features traditional Israeli salads.  Most of them were on the spicy side (reminiscent in a way of kimchi, to me) and all were flavourful.The chef appeared a bit surly at first, all no-nonsense and what-do-you-want-already, but after telling him it was our first time there and that we really liked our meal, he seemed to open up.  Our chef told us that the Hummus Bar has only been open for about 7 months (he's been cooking all his life, however).  Also, he is passionate about food quality; he said that "other places use chicken that smells funny".....he goes several steps further and washes his chicken with vinegar and lemon juice to "make sure they are clean and good.  You will see my chicken breasts are not tough, yes?"  Yes.Chef also convinced us to try the "cold dessert"....I asked him what it was called, to which he responded "cold dessert."  :)  It was quite good: a spongy cake soaked in a rum sauce (I think) topped with whipped cream and a cherry.  Hubby ate most of it, as I was stuffed.Portions are large, prices are reasonable enough, and service is fine, although you may want to engage the chef in food talk to really get him smiling.  We'll come here again soon to try the other types of hummus.
5	The hummus is amazing! It is made fresh when you order it.  The falafel is also made fresh to order and is very light!!! The cilantro hummus is my fave! The best part is the relish bar. Amazing little salads. I even had a work party catered by them.  The price was very reasonable and everyone enjoyed the food- especially the honey balls. Please ask the owner/chef how he prepares the chicken. It's a Long process which makes the chicken so tender.
5	My husband and I had lunch here today and what a delight. Everything is made fresh.  We had chicken and beef with humus and tabouli. .  My husband had a garlic concoction that the owner made   Absolutely great They make their own pita bread  Excellent. And the desserts were yummy.  Can't wait to go back
3	We checked out the Hummus Bar back in August courtesy of our LivingSocial coupon and I was hesitant to write the very first review.  It wasn't even on Yelp yet!  I think it's about time.I ordered the hummus with falafels.  First off, the hummus was  really good - it was smooth, creamy, and tasty.  So very tasty.  My mistake was getting the falafels.  It came with an order of five and a dipping sauce.  I'm no falafel expert, but I've had my share of freshly made falafels and this was far from it.  It was dried out, possibly frozen even!  I was horrified!  But, I should have known better because this place is called the Hummus Bar after all and not the Falafel Bar.  So, stick with the hummus! It came with a cucumber, tomato and onion salad too, which was fresh.  They momentarily forgot about my pita bread, and I was stuck wondering how the heck I was going to eat my hummus.The Husband got a some skewered meat in a pita, which he thought was just okay as well.  He admitted that he should have stuck with the hummus too.The free accompaniments were a nice addition, you just help yourself to the pickled goodies.The additional sink outside the restroom is also helpful!Service - a few yelpers mention how friendly the staff were and we quite didn't get that impression when we went.  Actually, the Husband mentioned how cold and indifferent the staff were to us, and I would have to agree.Overall, I went when they first opened and I think they probably have improved since then.  It looks like they may be related to the Panini Cafe next door that's more of a sit down restaurant.  The Hummus Bar is a very casual space.  I'd go back...just for the hummus of course!
5	Yummy yummy yummy!  This is the best hummus in town!  Love it!
4	The food's excellent but watch out for the cans of soda at $1.75 ea.  The owner/chef provided our group of 3 with a free sample of one of their desserts and it was also awesome.
5	I've frequented almost all the Middle Eastern restaurants in Vegas and I have to say that Hummus Bar has the best hummus of them all.  Sababa is a close second.  The consistency is like a thick and creamy cake batter.  Fan-freaking-tastic!  This is one place to try for sure if you love hummus!
1	sadly I went there today to try it out and it was closed and the # is disconnected.
