4	This is strictly a review for their chocolate dipped ice cream cone. I hadn't had one of these since I was little. While shopping last week, my boyfriend ordered one, and after trying a bite, I was basically trying to steal it away from him. Usually I don't eat a big portion of sweets, but damn this treat was yummy. Better than any other chocolate dipped ice cream cone. okay, now I want one. But yeah, this location is great because I tend to stop in whenever it's a hot day and I am shopping at the outlets.
2	Walked in 15 minutes before they close and two workers  Irwin & Savana say I can only get ice creme cause they are closing.    Then close at 830.    After complaining about it she made me an orange julious out of what she was tossing out.   I watched her make it,  no spit....    Haha.   And NO TIP either
3	So after shoe shopping at the outlet part we stopped here, I hadnt had an OJ since I was in Colorado a year ago and was soooo excited to see it!! I got the "pina colada" orange Julius and I was totally in Heaven! It was soooo rich and creamy and refreshing! Thats what I needed on that scortcher of a day! It was 5$ and change for a large and worth every penny!!My son seen the "triple chocoholic" blizzard and since he did a great job at the HOT mall I rewarded him! I got the mini which was 3.99$ and it took a few minutes to get. Our order was up and the guy hands me the blizzard... it was over flowing with ice cream. Others may have felt happy for this, but I was pissed! It was like 100 degrees and my son had it in his hands less than 2 minutes and the blizzard was ALL OVER the place! I was like ughhhh! Now normally having extra blizzard woulda been ok! But since it was hot as balls out and we had to walk to the car I woulda thought the dude woulda just filled it to the top and not over load it! We ended up throwing it away after both of us got it all over our white clothing! UGH!  Still it was ok, the OJ I mean. DQ you guys suck! JK! I have lurve for ya!
4	You know when Las Vegas starts beginning to get hot and humid...You just need to find a place where you can get an ice cold drink because you get thirsty! So we decided to come here for a light berry pomegranate smoothie, which tasted very refreshing and great! I loved that they used Splenda sweetener, instead of, the syrup or other sugars. I would definitely recommend coming here when you come to this outlet on a hot and humid day!
1	This orange Julius is absolutely terrible.  The service is good but the drinks are just overly sweet sugar water.  I always get the strawberry original Julius, and this time was such a disappointment.  I'll never get a drink here ever again.  It's also more expensive than normal. Don't get anything here unless the management makes some changes.
4	On those hot Vegas spring and summer days when you're shopping at the outdoor Premium Outlets North, this is the perfect stop to grab a smoothie, ice cream or other cool treats. However I'm usually here because the Starbucks line is out of control and sometimes even out the door. Drink service is fast here and I never have to wait too long which is good since I have to get back to work. They don't really have food options here, so expect to stop by only for drinks or treats/desserts.
3	I went, I kindly asked for orange juice (a non menu item), I offered to pay more. They made it without any fuss. I'm happy! Thank you, thus the review A-OK.
