4	First of all we got in way earlier than was expected and they let us check in at 10:30AM no hassles or anything!! BONUS.. So we check in and room was as pictured we got the 2 Queen room so I think it was a little roomier than just 1 queen. The bathroom had and excellent shower and bathroom was nice. I saw in many reviews that carpets were dirty and stained socks but I walked all night and nothing so not sure what they are talking about. We were in room 2021. Now on to the breakfast.. it was GREAT!! Eggs, the best sausage I have ever had and biscuit and gravy, and waffles, they also has assorted pastries, cereal, fruit and yogurt. Yes the breakfast area is small but so what take your yummy FREE breakfast to your room and enjoy. Overall this was a great stay I would book here in a heart beat.  This place is really just 10 min to the strip and has so many food options around the hotel.
1	If there were no other rooms in Las Vegas and the Baymont was giving rooms away, I would still not stay here.  I booked this room through Southwest Airlines because it was near the airport, cheap, and I have enjoyed other Baymont's in the past.  I checked in late Thursday night (3/21/13) and waited about 30 minutes with one other person checking in for someone to come to the counter.  Upon entering the room, I notice a nice stain on the carpet between the beds.  No big deal, right?  It's a hotel!  I go to sleep and wake the next morning for a nice hot shower.  Turn on the water and there is no hot water.  No big deal, right?  I stroll down to the front desk area and there must be four boys and girls high school teams trying to eat the continental breakfast with a line about 30 people deep.  It wrapped around the center island and up a hallway toward the guest rooms.  No big deal, right?  I head to the front desk and ask about the hot water situation.  Front desk clerk: "The entire hotel has no hot water." Me: "What?"  Her: "Yeah, whole place."  Me: "Well, how long?"  Her: "A couple of hours."  Me: "I have a meeting to get to and I need to shower."  Her: "Well, there's cold water."  Me: "Is your manager around?"  Her: "She'll be here in 20 minutes."  Alexandra Daro, the general manager, informed me that since I booked the room through Southwest Airlines, she was not able to adjust my rate and did offer to email me a voucher for another stay at this Baymont the next time I am in town.  I agreed this was fine and gave her my email address.  That voucher has not come, and frankly, I am glad.  After a cold shower, I grabbed a banana (food line about 20 deep now) and high tailed it out of that dump!
4	This hotel is great if you would like to stay somewhere quiet and away from the strip, without any gambling machines but still shops and yummy food close by.  It is still within five minutes drive of the strip casinos and the airport, but there is no annoying aircraft noise. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and allowed us to pay our room deposit in cash instead of having it on our cards.  The continental breakfast is very sparse, but there is coffee in the rooms.  There is a coin operated laundry ($1.50) and detergent for sale, which was very helpful.  The nearby restaurant Bootlegger is very nice, open very late, and has a fascinating history.  All in all it was perfect for us, thank you :)
5	Great breakfast great staff. Love it here and the price is awesomely low. I always stay here when I come to Vegas. Its only a short drive to the downtown area. They also have shuttle buses.
5	We had some last minute changes and needed to bring our dog with us on our Las Vegas trip, so I had to frantically look for a pet friendly hotel.  Baymont Inn came up and had reasonable rates for a very expensive weekend so we decided to stay here.We called before our arrival to get early check in and they were very accommodating.  Check in/out was a breeze & customer service was friendly & efficient. Our room on the 1st floor was very convenient to take doggie out for potty breaks as it was also near an exit.  The room was clean & basic for our short trip.  It didn't smell at all & was quiet even when other dogs were in the general area.The bed we got was really comfortable & we mostly had a good night sleep.  Our doggie kept waking us up because she was nervous.Shower was great!   The have an upgraded showerhead so I was able to adjust it to my fave setting.  The water temperature was consistent & did get hot. Free Wifi was very strong & didn't need password.  I got to use it for my yelping pleasure. Free Breakfast was basic with fruits, pastries, yogurt & cereal in the lobby area.  There are a few tables,  but we just grabbed a couple items to go.The hotel is located near the airport & next to the outlets on LV Blvd about 4 miles from Mandalay Bay.  Save time & take the freeway instead of LV Blvd.Highlights:No "resort" fee.  I hate that about Vegas hotels. No casino to walk through.   Parking was 20 steps from our room. Free strong wifi!  Always awesome! Pet Friendly Info:They had doggie bags outside for convenience.  They didn't have any grassy areas only rocks. :(  I'm glad doggie was ok with going there. Additional $25 to bring our dog,  it was worth it.2 dogs per room max & 50 lb max size.If I have to bring doggie with us to Vegas again,  I would def come back!
4	The hotel was very clean and the staff were great...especially Richard. Me and my dog stayed for 3 nights during the holiday and no complaints about the hotel. Very accommodating for my needs. Thanks again Richard!
1	First time staying here, cheap weekend rate and OK reviews. We will never stay here again. There was dried blood in the nightstand!  The rooms never cooled off, A/C turned all the way down couldn't keep up. Beds were mediocre at best.  Our entire group had a horrible nights sleep.  The free continental breakfast was poorly stocked. There was no spray for waffle maker and the waffles stuck.  There are far better inexpensive options in Vegas, we won't be staying here again.
1	My hotel room was broken into,the man on camera took a crowbar and stole each and everything I owned in my 30 years.i was moving from Cali to Arkansas and drove my dearest items to ensure safety.weddimg ring,ATM cards,diamond bracelet,loui vuitton bags 3 and 5 pairs of loubou's...all my clothes,underwear,my freakkmg hygiene bag! My dogs stuff,my child's sensitive papers,our social & birth certificates ...basically all I had to make money,my makeup & hair kit around $3500 total and my jewelry box...two cars broken into in parking lot.hotel doesn't even have outside cameras...not one...general manager treated me like a homeless nuisance.told me I could stay in the room I was rented to....door off the hinges,window damaged until checkout 12...after I was robbed here and just lost my entire life's belongings..this is giving me nightmares...I'm traumatized by this experience..my bank cards emptied and I'm now stranded in Las Vegas without a pair of underwear and the hospitality I received was nothing short of evil...I will be seeking legal action about this...
1	Nice rooms but horrible experience. Long story short we are in room 130. Right next to the side door where we heard people coming and going all night-- and so did our dog.  The other worse issue was the ceiling.  It sounded like people were moving furniture and dancing above us. But standing in the hallway you can hear its just thin flooring. So if you don't have anyone above you and you are not next to an exit your stay should be fine. The people here were very nice and offered switching rooms but with two kids its too much to move. They kindly gave us a full credit back but my sleep is still lost. Also the other reviewer was correct. The line at the breakfast was insane.
4	When you're in need of a budget friendly (last minute room) and a good night rest, I would highly recommend this hotel. Big plus that they are pet friendly. We came with our 2 dogs, one is a medium 26 lbs and one is a large 40 lbs, and it really helped being able to bring them into the hotel. All of the rooms on the first floor are where guests with pets stay. I was really impressed with what we got for the price we paid. For one night (Friday) we spent roughly about $80 with tax. The room was clean and well appointed. It came with a microwave and also a mini fridge/freezer - That was a nice surprise! Also we requested extra shampoo and conditioner and they provided it without any issues. Ah yes, the bed was also very comfy. No noise issues and the water pressure was standard and not bad at all (I'm a water pressure snob.) The only minor issue I encountered was that the A.C. unit didn't really cool the room to the temperatures that we wanted and left the room rather humid at different times of the day. They offer a free continental breakfast every morning between the hours of 6:30am-9:30am. They had many things to choose from such as: scrambled egg, sausages, toast, bagels and cream cheese, glazed sweets, OJ, and a waffle bar! It's not 5 star cuisine, but it was edible and we enjoyed it. There was no limit on how much we could take and it was first come first serve, so if you arrive late - expect things to run out. You can grab everything and bring it back to your room, or just eat it in their dining area near the breakfast buffet. Just try to get there early, the line gets packed! They allow late check out depending on availability and how busy/booked they are. We were able to check out at 1pm without any extra charges. They also have a computer that's connected to the internet and a printer in the hotel lobby next to the reception desk which is really convenient because we needed to print out some things as we were there on business. It's free and we didn't have to pay to use it or to print! Overall we had a great stay. This is a huge step above hotel 8 -- and it's only $20 more -  so worth it! This place may be cheaper than luxury hotels, but it does the job and offers complimentary breakfast. Easy in, easy out!
3	Pros:- clean, comfortable rooms- big HDTV- shuttle service was handy (pick up from airport, to and from the strip at select locations)Cons:- free breakfast is quite poor: Eggos, bread, bagels, 2 cereals, instant oatmeal, oranges and apples; never changes- location is too far to walk to the strip, especially if you have small children- wifi was a bit inconsistent from our room on the 5th floorOverall: comfy place to stay if you don't mind a sub-par breakfast and distance from the main strip.
4	I had a Family member visiting town who needed a room at the last minute. I called around trying to locate a pet friendly accommodation since she brought her dog along. I happened to come across Baymont Inn & Suites made a call for details and booked a room. I went to assist in checking in so that I could see the room and I was impressed. The pet friendly rooms are clean, smell good and really nice. The room is kind of Sexy in my opinion with the mirrors on the wall behind the beds. I like mirrors but this was not my room to stay in to enjoy. The rooms include a nice mini fridge and a microwave which is a nice bonus to keep water bottles cold and such. They also provide a very nice continental style breakfast. She had bragged to me how delighted she was with the breakfast. Another nice touch is that this day was 100 degrees plus out, when we walked into her room the air conditioner was already on. Reasonable rates, friendly and helpful staff!
3	Good breakfastCleanBut add stingy on towels and bathroom supplies.Okay kind of breakfastCoolers and room a.c. worked
4	Stayed Thursday sept 18 thru Sunday sept 21 for the Mr. Olympia competition and was very happy.      First of all, let me say, ALL STAFF AT ALL TIMES IF DAY OR NIGHT WAS AWESOME !!  We had a nice room with queen bed, microwave, mini fridge and sink plus coffee maker, hair dryer and complementary toiletries.    Parking, wifi and breakfast was FREE.  we stayed in room 315, which is super close to elevator, we had no problems but I bet at times it can get noisy.      Hotel is pet friendly although we did not use this option, all visitors with pets are located on the ground floor.    Nice choice at breakfast, hot eggs and sausage, choice of cereals, breads and bagels.    Make your own waffle station.   Juices, milk, coffee and tea.    Fruit available as well.     Nice view of mountains from 3rd floor room, our room had a nice window seat with storage drawers underneath.    Did hear noise from next room when ppl came in at 2am but nothing rowdy, normal talk that ended soon enough.    Only suggestion is to put slip resistant applications in the tub, otherwise we were happy as a clam :)
4	I checked into Baymont inn on 9-20 I found the lobby to be very clean. I was able to park my car in a private garage  of the hotel. I felt very safe coming and going and didn't have to worry about my car being safe. My room was very clean and neat. I had two queen side beds with very nice beading. The bathroom was very clean with clean towers. The breakfast was very very nice with a spread of anything you want to eat and it was good and fresh The staff was very nice and friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel. The price is very reasonable and it is only a few  miles from the strips. It also is close to lots of stores for shopping.   My granddaughter  did not leave the hotel the whole time we was there. she said it was too nice to leave.  This is my favorite place to stay from now on. It is rated as a 3 star but I give this hotel a 4 star. My friends stayed at the Palms resort about 3 mile away and paid $ 299 a night and  the liked my hotel better they didn't have a free breakfast. they had to pay $ 30 for a buffet at their hotel and they didn't have two beds they had to use a hard let out sofa. you must try this hotel don't listen to anyone who might talk about the area. The area is safe and secured.
1	I stayed here over the past summer with my dog. Overall, it was a very, very bad experience. The nightstand legs were chewed up by animals (I hope dogs), the room smelled like pot all night, and we had to evacuate at 6am because the fire alarm went off as someone burned a waffle in the waffle machine and smoked out the entire hotel. Also I believe I paid around $180.00 for the room. It was such a bad experience that I have told the story multiple times. In fact, I am recounting it to my girlfriend right now, 6 months later.
