3	Regular longjohns experience, nothing special. The place was real clean tho.
3	Root beer icy.  'Nuff said.
4	I only come here for ice cream (polar freezes) be prepared to wait, they cook to order so 10-20 minutes depending on your order.Love this place, the employees are always polite and the food is always fresh! I wish they'd do more with chasing off the punks from their drive thru lane, I really HATE summertime here and all the tweens and teens roaming around drive thru lanes.
2	Yesterday (4/18) was the first day that I've ever had Long John Silver's.. And it'll be the last. Sure, the food was good. Sure, it was fresh. However, it was way too oily for my liking. After one bite of my hush puppy, my lips were glossed with oil. Ech.. I don't know about you, but I would much rather eat food that won't make me feel overly guilty.As for service, they took awhile to get my food, and I understand that since it's made to order. They were nice and all, but there were only about three people (from what I can see) working in here. I don't know if I'll ever give LJS another try.. But I will be coming back for their A&W side of the restaurant!
1	I have had my last visit here. The service is Sloooow! The staff moves like a snail and never a smile. The place looks old and rundown. The area manager begged me to give the restaurant one more chance because he said things would improve. NO IMPROVEMENT AT ALL. The last place on Earth I would ever visit again!
1	They were out of shrimp. They did not have any Malt Vinegar and they threw my order in an A & W bag. So I guess they were out of the boxes also.  Service was slow. Food was. Ok
1	Worst place ever.... Placed my order, I got a meal combo. After I paid the girls said that they were out of medium cups. So she gave me a small cup. I went to the soda fountain area to get a drink in my SMALL cup. The area was dirty. There was only one other customer in there. The tables were also dirty.  When they called me that my order was ready the girl asked if I would like any sauce. I asked for malt vinegar. Well surprise surprise they were out. Seems to be a problem at this Long Johns with running out of things.  I gave my order back & asked for a refund. I WILL NEVER STOP THERE AGAIN.
