4	Advertising at Costco really does work apparently.  After a quick run to Costco on a Friday night, I pass by the "Restaurant of the Month" advertisement by the exit door.  A sushi place is being advertised...something about happy hours, live uni, etc.  I grab a brochure/menu and peruse it as we drive off.  Me: "They offer live uni here..."The BF: "Really? Do you think they have any left?"Me: "I'll call and find out!"Unfortunately, they only had one left that day and we had a feeling we wouldn't get there in time.  Nonetheless, we decided to swing by for their late night happy hour, from 10 pm to 1 am.Located in the Village Square right next to the movie theater, we see a large fish tank and ample seating with the sushi bar along the far back.  We sit up at the bar and notice their huge kitchen space back there.The waitress gives us the happy hour menu, which is a bit different from their regular menu.  On this menu though, everything is "Buy one get another one free."  This can be a good and bad thing.  Great for things like nigiri and such, but not so good with the big rolls.  With only the BF and I dining, ordering rolls wasn't a huge priority.  We were disappointed to hear they were out of hirame ($4.75/pr) and tai ($4.50/pr).  ("It's late Friday night!" claimed Jason, the sushi chef.)  But we did have a couple of orders of albacore ($4.50/pr) and ikura ($5/pr).  The albacore was smooth and fresh.  And the ikura had a decent about of eggs in there.  They also offer o-toro sashimi here too, which is the fattier more expensive toro, for about $28, I think.We did go for one roll - the Spicy Scallop Roll ($6.25), which was surprisingly really good.  I really liked the crab and scallop mixture in the roll.  They split up their roll selection into four main groups - Beginners Sushi Rolls with nothing raw in it, the Low Carb Roll with no rice, Crispy Fried Rolls, and Advanced Sushi Lover Rolls.They do start you off with a some edamame, which was complimentary.  Tea was $1.50/pp, so it's good to know that.  They were indeed out of live uni ($18), but it's good to know they do have it regularly on a limited amount though.  They also offer a 3 course lobster dinner that starts with lobster miso soup, lobster your way - sashimi style even if you want, and dessert, I think.  The chef brought our their live amaebi and live lobster so we could see, so that's on the plan the next time we go.  Summer hours are 11:30 am to 2 am now.  They offer two happy hours: 3 pm to 6 pm and 10 pm to 1am everyday.  Sake is also included in the happy hour specials.Lunchtime combo plates from 11:30 am to 3:30 pm include a two item for $8.97 or a three item for $9.97, which includes rice and miso soup or mix green salad.  Overall, we're definitely curious about their other dishes, especially the live uni and lobster dinner.  (This can up their star status too.)  Happy hours are a great pick when you go with a large group, so you can taste a variety of their rolls without having to eat all of it yourself.  Definitely go back with a large group.Updated! 09/04/07 - I went back last Friday and had their live uni!  So delicious and fresh!  Oh so good!  Their Yum Yum Scallop Roll was pretty good too - I like their scallops there for some reason.  We also snacked on the Salmon Skin Hand Roll too and tried some of their o-toro sashimi.  And those who know their sushi KNOW o-toro is special.  It's smooth and fatty and oh so good!  I also got to see their live lobster served five ways.  It's all presented on one dish and definitely looks like a special meal.  I moved their star status to a 4!Update! 10/29/07 - The BF and I are in the neighborhood and are craving live uni.  We already had dinner and were holding dessert (dark chocolate peppermint milkshakes from Cold Stone Creamery) when we walk up to the sushi bar to see if they have any on hand.  They do!  Yes, we had to pull up a seat and have an order of live uni.  Oh my gawd...so good!  We got a fatty one too! (I added some pics of the live uni in their business profile!)
5	This place is amazing!  Go here and you wont be disappointed.  My boyfriend and I found out about it several months ago and won't go anywhere else.  Tony is the owner and he is very social and engaging at the sushi bar. He brings in only the BEST ingredients.  Where else can you find live shrimp and lobster sashimi style off the strip?  Their sake list is great also!  Try the black and gold sake!  Great happy hour!  What more can I say?  I promise you won't regret it, try it out!
2	I used to go to this place all the time for their late night happy hour, 10pm-2am.  However, over the last few months, they got rid of it.  First they moved the late night happy hour to weekdays only.  Then they changed their hours to close at 12am on weekdays.  Then they bailed the late night happy hour altogether.  They still have their 3pm-6pm happy hour, but if I heard what they were saying correctly, the specials are now only for drinks and not sushi.I mean, the sushi is good here, but nothing worth going out of your way for.  There's cheaper and closer places for me, so I'll only be stopping in here if I happen to be in this outdoor shopping mall seeing a movie.
3	Had dinner there tonight.  Not great.  Expensive for a diner-decor restaurant - even the Happy Hour items ($9 instead of $15).  Salmon Sashimi ($15 - no Happy hour discount) was OK but expensive for 8 average-size pieces.  Basic salad seemed dried out - must have been prepared in advance.  $12 Chilean Sea Bass appetizer (broiled) was about the size of  2 regular pieces of sashimi, and only average.  Red snapper sashimi was average.  Service was very friendly, but they brought  one appetizer I had canceled, and forgot one entree I had ordered.  When the bill came, it charged full price for a happy hour entree, and charged for the entree they forgot.  Of course they adjusted the bill.We won't go back.  2 1/2 stars.  Only plus:  the aquariums are beautiful, even though the rest of the ambiance is not exceptional.
3	This place has some good sushi, sashimi and rolls. I used to work here so i tried everything. They have good desserts too, like fried ice cream and different types of mochi. You won't be disappointed if you go here.
5	I have been meaning to try this restaurant ever since my friend and her husband's grand opening a few years ago.My recommendations:Try the just kidding roll, hot & wild roll, rock & roll (my son's fav), double down roll, awesome albacore roll, jalapeno yellow tail roll (my husbands fav), and my absolute favorite dinner plate is the sea bass which comes with rice. Don't forget to try their house sake. Goes very well with the sushi rolls!For dessert, their vanilla tempura fried ice cream which has a very nice ending to a delicious dinner. Also, ask for their platinum discount that's 20% off your total bill!Plus, the owners and waiter/waitress are friendly and warming. It's a family owned restaurant so you'll surely be treated like family!
5	You have to sit at the bar and hang out with premiere sushi chef Jason Lam to have a good time. Let him pick out your poison and have a great night. He knows the best and freshest items daily so trust the chef. Sashimi is a must if you go to this Sushi restaurant  so I can't complain one bit.
1	Holy hell this place was terrible. The food was just gross, limp fish and the service was bad. What made the whole thing worse was I was starving. What a waste of $70.
3	I was on my way to Archi's Thai Cafe once again for dinner, but I changed at the last minute and decided to try Rising Sun.  I've been by there many, many times and just never tried it although I wanted to.I was pleased with the two rolls I got  --  a Rising Sun and a Red Dragon.  The Rising Sun was with shrimp, lobster, and crab rolled in thinly sliced cucumber.  The Red Dragon was spicy tuna with avocado and cream cheese.  Both were very good, but I thought the rolls were pricey for what you got.  $32.90 for two rolls and an iced tea.  The knife work of the sushi chef in making the Rising Sun was fantastic.  Slicing the cucumber extremely thin to make it the wrapper looked simple to him.  I guess that and the good flavors -- I won't take anything away from the place for the quality, was what I paid for.Next time, I'll go to Oyshi  and have AYCE sushi, done well, too, at less than what I paid for two rolls.
2	Was not impressed with this restaurant....We came here for dinner on a Saturday around 5:30pm and this place was dead!  There was one couple sitting at the bar when we walked in, and another couple who sat in back of us right before we left. I am picky when it comes to sushi, so I ordered the 3 item combo plate with California roll, chicken katsu and gyoza. I hate to say it, but that was probably one of the worst combo plates I have had at a Japanese restaurant! The chicken katsu was falling apart and hard to eat, the California roll pretty much had no taste, and the gyoza tasted like the frozen kind that I could buy at the market and make at home. On the other hand, my husband liked his Las Vegas roll and another roll which I can't remember the name. Guess I should have just ordered sushi! Prices are on the high side, our bill was about $60.00! The sushi rolls ranged from $12-$16 and I believe the combo plate was $18.95. Customer service was okay. The servers did their jobs, but they weren't overly friendly or anything. If I ever do come back here, I will order their sushi and definitely try their desserts!
4	My favorite Las Vegas sushi place! Their DD roll is awesome and so is their service! Only draw back is their prices... it's worth it for the quality though!
