5	I've lived in The QC for 6 years now and never knew about this place.  Water-N-Ice has been at this location for 8 years!?!?!  New owners recently and they had the good idea of putting up A-frame signs on Ellsworth and Power roads.  We saw the Ellsworth sign on a trip to hike the San Tan Mountains and decided to take the crew there after the hike/tailgate dinner.If you blink you might miss it.  The complex has other businesses but not the type that will be open in the evening most of the time.  There is a Karate place in the same complex.  This is on the South side of San Tan Blvd, just East of The Deli (also an awesome place if you haven't tried it).I had to make sure it was bonafide Thrifty ice cream provider and as soon as I saw Chocolate Malted Crunch on the list, it was valid :-).  Great, friendly owners and 2 tables and a couch for some leisure sitting.  We had a group of 4 families with kids and everyone was happy.  Price for 2 scoop cone ice cream at time of our visit was about $2.10.  Can't beat it.If you need water, of course they have that :-) -- looked like about 6-8 filling stations *inside* and one outside for 24-hour access.  I asked about RV water fill and the owner had just installed a hose bib outside so that if you wanted you could pull around.  He doesn't have a way to meter it though, so he's being a trusty business man and asking you know your tank size before filling.Great to have found this place after living here so long.  Now I won't have to drive very far to get my choc malted crunch fix!
5	I am doing my best to not eat a lot of sugar anymore, but I had a bite of my daughters cookies & cream ice cream and I must say it is the best cookies and cream ice cream I have ever had.  This place is family owned and operated and everything is homemade.  Very good selection.  My son had a shake and drank it up, while another son had the bubblegum ice cream ... he devoured it.  All the kids said it was the best ice cream they have ever had (they say that anytime I take them anywhere though) but I had to do a review and add my .02 because I did try it .. .and it was amazing and its a little hole in the wall you would never know.  On Yelp and when you drive by its just a place where you think you get water and ice.  Luckily they have started putting out signs directing people.  They are close to "The Deli" the diamond eatery in Queen Creek, so I think they should piggy back off their success and do whatever they can to be more visible on Yelp or other location based social networks.  More people need to know about this place and that is why I am writing this review - I am doing my part!  Now enjoy Queen Creek!!
3	I have been coming to this specific water n ice ever since it was built! And I have to say they have the BEST ice cream!! I definitely recommend the cookie dough flavor! Although I have noticed a change in their young/teenage employees in the last 6-9 months... They just aren't too friendly. Everytime I walk in I feel like I am interrupting something... Very awkward. Don't get me wrong they aren't rude, it just seems like they want you to get whatever you need and get out. :/ One time I actually was enjoying my ice cream with my mother in the store while a customer walked up to the counter and the girl didn't even notice he was there due to having her ear phones in!! I really love this place but man, lazy kids.
4	I get my water here, they have the best water! Ice cream and other treats are good too. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 stars is because, I drive pretty far to go there and occasionally they will be closed for family business. It's a waste of my gas and time to drive all they way out there and to just turn around empty handed. I guess thats the cost of going to a family owned business. For now I will just call ahead. I still won't go anywhere else for our water.
5	Crystal pure water and thrifty ice cream. Excellent customer service and a secret water fountain with sweet water. Stop by and try.
