4	I have been a fan of this Applebee's since I was a little girl who would come here and only eat their amazing cheeseburgers and layered chocolate cake. I was heartbroken when said layered chocolate cake was taken off of the menu, but now that I'm of legal age, other parts of the menu have made up for this. More on that later.I think compared to other restaurants in the chain, this Applebee's is a little bit smaller than other places, but the essentials are all there: comfy seating, a bar, TVs, and most importantly: good service. Plus, it has the essential Applebee's staple: a darn good menu. In recent years it's also adopted a "light option" menu, which is positively delicious and provides perfect alternatives to that delicious but not-so-good-for-me burger I used to eat on a regular basis. Steak with shrimp and potatoes and the perfect balance of spices on top comes pretty darn close to my childhood favorite dish.Also: this place is home to one of the biggest margarita's I've ever seen. Joe's Crab Shack still takes the prize for 1st place, but 2nd is no small feat (no pun intended) and this place is much closer and easier for me to get to. Also, free parking. C'mon.All in all, I love this place now as much as ever, and I plan on continuing to come here in the years to come!
3	My wife and I meet there for dinner after work occasionally and generally feel the food is pretty good for the price and usually have decent waitress. The last time I was there the waitress kept disappearing and we had to ask another one for another drink and she never came back to see how we were doing. By the time we were ready to go we were pretty disgusted and I asked another waitress to take our check, cut the tip to 10% and told her to keep it instead of our waitress. While going up Greentree road I looked up at the restaurant and saw our waitress outside smoking. I blame the manager for this. Whoever the manager is should not let this go on.
5	Loved our server Jaime!Loved their Brew Pub Pretzels!Love their Take Two Seasonal Menu, the Green Goddess Wedge Salad, and the  Lemon Shrimp Fettucine!Rocky Bleier was there! Yay!
4	love love love the steaks they make!!! there are times when I beg my husband to take me to applebee's because I want their stake; I eat stakes everywhere, even the Japanese Steak Houses where they only make steaks weren't like Applebee's :)the only No at this place was, I oredered pine apple juice and it was so old that it smelled and tasted and kind of even looked like Mold;but other than that I love theirr Stakes :)
4	Says they deliver on here... Wrong & wrong again & should not be checked! I like Applebee's & thought the delivery was something new for the Pittsburgh area... Don't know if this is something Yelp does or something someone checked off... But not cool!
