5	Located on the SW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home Rd. in a strip mall.  Great casual dining in a soft desert toned ambiance; ample portions of really good home cooking served with flair (presentation is everything) at moderate prices.  What more could you ask for? Oh, wine you say?  Well here you go - a comfortable little bar area (yes, cocktails too) in which to chill out at day's end and catch the ball game of the day or vent about work.  Or alternately makes a great place to do business or dare I say - meet a date?
4	I really enjoy PCG, mostly because it IS a neighborhood restaurant.  It's predictable and simple.  It's reasonably priced and far better than standard.  Things I adore are:Griddled corn cakes with black beans and grilled chicken, so good and less than $10.The carnitas taco app is wonderful and SO much food.  It's too much for me to eat at dinner and it's about eight bucks!The pot roast sounds simple, and it is, but dang, it's so yummy.  Super tender meat and homemade mashed potatoes with just the right about of gravy and topped with fried parsnips.  You can't go wrong.I'm very disappointed that two things I loved on the menu are gone.  First, is the ahi salad, it was really good.  When I inquired, I was told that with the rising costs of ahi that it wasn't a cost effective option.  I LOVED, LOVED, LOVED the blackened chicken sandwich.  I craved it.  Blackened chicken with applewood smoked bacon, jack cheese on a grilled bun.  They changed.  Dammit!  Why?  I'm holding a little grudge on that one.At lunch, I always get the soup and salad.  Soups are good, particularly the yellow split pea and I love the honey ginger salad dressing.The bar is good for happy hour and relaxing after a movie or a night out.
4	Next to Richardson's, PCG is my favorite American style resto/bar in this sector on the grid. I refer to this as part of North Central Phoenix, though those sorts of definitions begin to get muddled if you look closely enough. The Phoenix City Grill is a wonderful date restaurant, with excellent service, a classy, upscale decor, great service, superb wine, and fair prices. That combination is hard to come by, in my experience, so I have always been a fan. The cuisine is new style American, with some Italian and western european influence. I have had a salmon pasta dish there a number of times that I always am happy with, but more than anything I am drawn back by the great wines and desserts. There are a couple of Chilean wines that I highly recommend, as well as any dessert that they offer. If you haven't been and you are looking for a nice new spot to take someone, PCG is a great call.
4	Ok, Ok, Ok another strip mall restaurant in Phoenix. I get it. We can be a fab place in a drab space. Wow, how cool, I just came up with a new motto. But let me just say, PCG, as the regs call it, is a FAB place. Voted many times as a local hot spot or a great neighborhood spot, PCG actually shines on many levels. Yes, the space itself is not inventive or trendy. But why do we go out to eat? Mostly for some killer ass food. Well, you got it here sister. Appetizer: bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with cotija....yowzaaa yowzaa Potsie. Yummy! The tenderloin rivals Ruth's Chris and any other high end steak place. The corn cakes are, well, let's just say I'd raffle off a limb for these babies. Pot roast is right off my Momma Jo's dining room table. The pork  tenderloin entree makes Miss Piggy cry and me, well I'm weeping already. Juicy, firm white meat with amazing sides. Services runs always a Bplus to and Aplus. Waitstaff knows everyone and is literally family to the owners and management. I LOVE it here. Now, the space. Yes, it's a mini mall. But they've made it iintimate and not sports bar like. The gang here has made a home run on  every level. It's like coming home everytime I eat here. EAT AT PCG people. It'll give strip malls a new meaning!
5	PCG is the restaurant by which I judge all others. PCG is totally dependable, always excellent. Service is always good, food excellent. i have eaten here probably 20 times and have never had a bad meal. Although the food is not "challenging" in that there are no weird flavors or textures, if you want a great nouvelle American meal for a reasonable amount of money, you need look no farther than here.
3	3.5 stars. Decent upscale American restaurant catering to older steak/seafood eaters.I went there for a work dinner with 10 people and was pretty excited at first with its slick interior design and good looking menu, but was consistently let down throughout the evening.I got my first warning sign as I started looking around looking at the clientle. It looked someone started handing out 50 dollar gift certificates for PCG at Luby's the night before. With a crowd that old and tame, I knew the food wouldn't have as much flavor as I look for.Next, my pomegranate margarita arrived which tasted likely what pomegranate kool-aid would taste like if they made such a thing. I'm not sure if it even had alcohol in it. I switched to their draft beers which are from several small breweries and much more worth your time.Next came my Ahi Tuna special which was definitely not worth the price tag. Very bland. Didn't seem like they should even be serving it if they don't know how to make it interesting. Although the rice side dish that came with it was great. Other's in my group who had steak, salmon, and such were much more pleased.I gave them a chance to redeem themselves with their Croissant Bread Pudding which sounded phenomenal, especially to a bread pudding man like myself. Again it was fairly par for the course and not worth its price tag. The bread pudding at Sonora Brew house is worlds better for less money.It seems like a great place to take your parents or people who like meat without much spice and drinks without much alcohol, but it's definitely not a place for me.
5	Since my review of TexAz, I thought it would be good to review PCG kiddycorner to TexAz.  Picture a Strip mall....you walk in....lights turned low, red walls, dark carpet...intimate...perfect...you've forgotten about the strip mall.  The restaurant was one of the first restaurants that I tried when I moved to AZ in 1998.  Thank you to my Aunt Marge for taking me to this little gem.  The food is what I like to call great american cuisine elevated.  PCG can, in my book call itself the most dependable dinner in the valley.  I have frequented this establishment many of times and have never had to complain about a single thing in the restaurant.....maybe when they closed for that short time back in 2000 I bitched a little.  When a restaurant puts Mac N' Cheese on a menu...they are dying to be critiqued hard...So I use Mac N' Cheese as a measure of quality.  Mac N' Cheese is such a bad name because Kraft and Velveeta have raped it of legitamacy in the culinary world.  Now PCG makes a darn creamy rich flavorful Mac N' Cheese and that to me signifies attention to quality.  I have had bad MNC at other "deconstructed" restaurants but PCG doesn't stray to far from the point of the dish...and they are successful.   I also fancy the Pot Roast or the Pork Tenderloin.  To start I seem to always get the black bean soup and always happy I did.  Great place!!  Will always be included as my diamond in the rough restaurant.
5	Sooo tasty! Dim lights, semi-formal. There's a bar on the left and the dining is to the right. Tables/booths are placed far enough away that you can get a nice intimate dining experience. I love the macadamia nut chicken dish. Wow!!! The service is excellent also. The parking lot is weird and it's in a strip mall, but it's a diamond in the rough :)
4	Okay, so I've not been here for any other meal than brunch, because I am absolutely in love with the corn griddle pancakes with chicken.  My boyfriend always gets this too, so I've never tried anything else.  But it's awesome, matched with a mimosa, guaranteed the rest of your Sunday will be wonderful.
4	I go to PCG mostly for the corn bread, black bean soup and Macadamia nut chicken. I tried the brunch menu for the first time today. Delish!! I had the highly-talked-about corn pancakes (w/ bacon). Served w/ real maple syrup, it was the perfect balance of sweet and savory! My friends had the breakfast enchiladas and the beef medallion eggs Benedict. Everything was very tasty! The price point is great too. Most of the dishes were $10.  Here's a tip: the tomatillo salsa served on the enchiladas has small bits of bacon in it. One friend is allergic to pork, and couldn't finish the dish once she discovered it. This is a place with good food AND great service! I dine at PCG maybe every other month, but for some reason, I went a few times in a few weeks recently. Anyway, the guy that brings water to your table( before the server comes) not only brought the water but brought my "usual" iced tea also.... I was so impressed!!!
4	Creative entrees that are well prepared with enough on the menu for everyone to find something they like.I intended on bringing my out of town guest here for Sunday brunch and I like to bring people to anything but a chain.  Thanks to all you yelpers for pointing me here!I was soooo looking forward to the corn griddle pancakesthat I saw on their online menu.  Just then I spotted a 100% ground chuck burger on the lunch menu - no special beef, no jalapenos on it, just good old chuck, so I had to choose it!  ;)  They have fresh bakery buns and added just the right amount of cheese.  Mmmmmm.  My friends ordered the filet medallian with poached eggs and the other had the pancakes, and we were all very happy.
4	Not quite as centrally located as I'd like (but, that's just me), but a great place with warm, friendly & helpful people -- people who like people (OOPS, off topic song que) -- interesting and tasty menu items [I almost wrote "tasty menu", but I go for enough cheap jokes around here without stooping that low].  The food is good.  The people are friendly & helpful. The prices are reasonable.  The location is just a bit Northeast of where my mind wanders for a casual place.I just spotted Tori B's review, so I'll definitely have to consider the brunch!
4	This is a great date spot. it is elegant but not to posh nor will the price leave to bad a taste in your mouth if things don't sizzle after dinner. The lighting is dim so it has a touch of romance to it. You can hear each other talk, small detail. I love good service and this is one place that I have always had great service. I have actually only had great everything here. The food is nothing super fancy or exotic but it is always good, if you order a steak med-rare that is the way it will come out. I enjoy all the apps, in fact I love going for happy hour and just having apps. The location is central and easy to get to, and it is always packed so you might have to wait so grab a drink for the bar and enjoy the scents flowing from the kitchen.
4	I've only been to this place once so far on a business lunch  with clients  while on my vacation. It was pretty crowded, wait was about 5 mins as we had a reservation. I had the Bethany Hope salad, less the tortilla strips. I thought it was really delicious. I had enough of a craving for that salad to want to come back within the week. Never made it however. It was about 115 degrees, hot outside and the salad was refreshing and different. Everyone else loved what they had. chef salad and a sandwhich. They had specials, but they were no longer available in the kitchen - ran out of ingredients - due to high demand. Again, the place is quite popular. Overall, very satisfied with my visit, though the service we recieved was less than polite. She showed up to take orders and only appeared with the drinks, food, and the bill. The place has a real easy-going vibe, un-pretentious and inviting. Not your Red Robbins but not as high maintenance as City Hall in Scottsdale.
4	I had lunch here the other day and it was really pretty good, that 16th / Bethany intersection is not lacking for good restaurants either!  I went with six other people and everybody really liked it.  Smooth decor, decent service, and competently prepared food with a SW flair.  Soup, sandwiches, salads, all were a hit!!  Their brunch is the stuff of legends although I have yet to partake.
4	Phoenix City Grill is tucked away in a very nondescript shopping center on the Southwest Corner of 16th and Bethany Home Road. Dont let this blur your expectations, as the restaurant delivers a great business lunch, a filling dinner, and it also has a great bar for after late nights. The cuisine is American with a definite Southwestern flair, and with a good selection of meats and fish as daily specials. For large groups, they even have a back room that can seat 45 people comfortably for a party or meeting. The servers are friendly, and the owner Sheldon will do anything to make your experience worthwhile.
5	I finally get back to town after my month-long trip and head out to eat, only to be underwhelmed by a restaurant that everyone on this site loves.Day two back from vacation: I've gotta make up the debacle from the night before to the hubby.  So, despite an inch of rain falling during the time it took us to drive from Van Buren to Bethany Home, we decided to keep going up to the Phoenix City Grille.  And I'm so glad we did.I had been here a few times, thanks to the corporate overlords of the funeral home I worked at just up the street.  But, at the time I was a vegetarian and not astounded by the menu (embalming and meat eating just don't mix in my eyes).  Thankfully, I gave up my veggie tendencies, because the food here is incredibly delicious.The husband loved his burger sans bun and claims that it was the best burger ever.  SCORE!  Oh yeah, and my meal was phenomenal too.  Super juicy pan-fried chicken and horseradish mashed potatoes.  The horseradish had no kick to it, but the flavor was definitely there.  I suppose if I could offer advice to the awesome chefs at PCG, I would suggest adding a splash of horseradish on top.  But I really love that sinus-clearing sensation of good, fresh horseradish.  Regardless, the meal was fantabulous.The service was wonderful and the atmosphere is calm and cozy.  The menu is a smidge pricey, I won't be making a habit out of PCG, but it will be one of my reward restaurants.
4	The corn cakes and the bacon wrapped prawns. I would sell my mother for them. Does that make me a bad person? Or just really, really hungry?
5	I have eaten here many times and have always had excellent food.  The  service is very good, and the ambiance nice.  It's a little pricey but worth it.  I usually try the daily special because so far I haven't been disappointed.  The food has a nice sw fare but isn't too heavy.  If you are  looking for a solid choice for dinner that will please  just about anyone, try Phoenix City Grill.
5	I am surprised at the 3 star reviews. I have always had great food and great service here. I love the pot roast, it is served topped with fried onions YUM! I think the prices fall in line with the quality and the portions. I'm not sure where the Luby comment came from unless he is 18 or even younger. The crowd whenever I have eaten there has been a wide variety but usually a high concentration in the 26 or so to 40 range. This little gem doesn't disappoint. Good eats and good prices.
4	Phoenix City Grill is an institution, and it should be. My second dinner out, after I moved here with the Beautiful Carin, was at PCG (the first was at Tuchetti's, dear departed Tuchetti's...maybe not the best Italian food in town, but truly...was there ever a dish that could fill you up like their baked spaghetti with meat sauce?...it must have been 5 lb's. of food on the plate...my dear sweet lord).Anyway...I met a friend at PCG for lunch yesterday. I didn't get to pick...I don't get to pick the restaurants for client and friend lunches for a while...not since the sad and regrettable Frank & Lupe's incident.But, I was glad for change of pace...out of Old Town and my rut of wanting to walk everywhere I go. I fired up the Edsel and off I went to 16th and Bethany Home for a revisit of a Phoenix classic!PCG is PDG ("pretty damn good") food and attentive service.Mark had gotten there a little before me and gotten a table. The waitress was there as I was sitting down. Interestingly, Mark had gotten a big ol' glass of red wine to start lunch...a delightful way of lunching for business people that has fallen into disrepute over the past decade or so. I followed suit.We must fight this non-drinking at lunch scourge by taking every opportunity to imbibe at lunch, and I, for one, will help lead the fight!The menu hasn't changed very much over the past few years, but really, why screw around with what is working...the place is always full, everybody seems to enjoy their meals, including me BTW:), and they just go on printing money, year after year! What's not to like about that formula?They had some nice specials (including a bunch of seafood specials), but frankly, I rarely eat seafood at non-seafood specialty restaurants in the middle of the desert. I opted for the Cuban Hamburger. A novel preparation, one that was highlighted by some of the tastiest pickles I have ever had on a burger! I actually do taste the food as I hoover it down:)PCG is still doing great and doesn't need anything more from me than my credit card for payment when the check comes...keep up the good work!
5	I really like lunch here. The prices are reasonable and the menu is varied enough to pique my critical interest. I had a seasonal salad with local grown varietal tomatoes, roasted beets (a weakness of mine), and Queen Creek olive oil which is usually spectacular, but this time was sort of ordinary. I opted for the beef  fillet add-onto protest against vegetarianism. It was medium rare, tender, and very good. The salad had some lump of bread but I didn't eat it. My friends had the portobello burger and the black bean soup and both were very happy. I will be back next week for another lunch and will write a follow up.
5	I hadn't been to PCG in years, and had actually forgotten it was there with all the good restaurants in this area. So when we didn't want to wait 45 min to get into Richardson's, we crossed the street and had dinner at Phoenix City Grill. We were seated right away. Service was good. I love the ambiance and decor of this place. Great for a date night, yet still casual dining. Wine list was good. I can't say much for the food because I always order the same thing, which is awesome - PCG chicken pasta. Good stuff. Can't wait to go back and hang out in the lounge for happy hour soon. Looks like fun.
3	Good but not great local restaurant. I have been going off and on for a couple of years now. I have to say the food is always consitant but lacks serious flavor. I have noticed the service is sometimes spotty as well. I feel like their sister restaurant Sierra Bonita has much more appeal to me. I will continue to go as I have never had a bad experience, but just once I would love to have a mind blowing meal!
5	After much too long away from Yelp, I'm so tickled to have PCG as my first review back! I LOVE this sister restaurant to Sierra Bonita. The atmosphere is dark and cozy with a SW flair. Always friendly servers who know Nico's family from way back...but I am certain they are this nice and prompt with everyone. I've been 3-4 times now and I can honestly say that the Pork Tenderloin with corn & goat cheese cakes was THE best pork dish I have ever had. It was AMAZING! We went once just for appetizers and they were all so darn good. The Brie dish in particular was divine. For a special night out or just drinks in the bar (hopefully Frank is working when you go), you will not be disappointed!
3	Great place for lunch meetings.  Just above average Bar food.
2	Nothing special. The food, what little they give you, was decent. The chicken was very flavorful, the vegetables were ok.  Not worth what they charge for it.The small portions, coupled with the  neo-country sound track make this a one time stop for me.
5	I love PCG! It has to be my favorite restaurant, aside from Houston's. The brie appetizer is soooo yummy. And last week I tried the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich. It was sooo good. The bacon wrapped shrimp is good, but after two, you feel a little weighed down. It had some type of white cheese in it- not necessary. I shouldn't have tried it anyway- I am trying to be a fishetarian. They have great simple salads. And the cedar plank salmon is absolutely my favorite menu item. mmmmm.....
4	After reading other folks reviews I thought I'd try Phoenix City Grill out with a group of friends. There were 5 of us, and they seated us right away for a Saturday night at 8pm. Good location, a little dark while reading the menu. But we were happy with the options, nice for those who wanted a good steak or entree, or for those who want something on the cheaper side of the menu. The waitress Kathryn was friendly and quick though she had a lot of tables. Water was prompt and drinks and wine served within a few minutes of order. We ordered the Goat Cheese toast points and it took a while to get to the table, but they were worth it. Really Yummy. My friends ordered the Phoenix Cheese Steak and the Black and Bleu Burger. Both looked really good, and they received good feedback. I ordered the Rose something Chicken and it was really good with the tarragon au jus. The best though was the Pork Tenderloin, super yummy and totally worth the price. It was really flavorful with the jalapeno jelly they basted it with, and the meat had a really smoky flavor to the meat. The quinoa cakes were really tasty for quinoa. We decided to do dessert and the buttermilk pie was amazing. I'm from the South and this was the real deal. The Bread pudding was really good as was the Chocolate torte. Overall very happy with this restaurant. We will definitely be coming back. Especially for Happy Hour, close to if not half price appetizers till 6 drink specials. Great bar and lounge atmosphere.
4	Heard about this place for some time, and my neighbor is a big fan of the Monday night happy hour deals, so I decided to give it a whirl with the gf.  Our hunger couldn't wait til nighttime, so we hit it up for a late lunch. Holy YUM!  Bacon-wrapped shrimp: giant shrimp stuffed with cotija and crispity delicious bacon. A heart-stopper, for sure, but damn, sooo good. We then split a blue-cheese wedge salad and a green chile burger, and both were perfectly put together, fresh and delicious.  Green chiles could have had more heat to them, but that burger was cooked perfectly, not too greasy, juicy bites on a nice firm roll that held up all the way through. And great pickles, too.  Would have liked a nice IPA offered on draft, as opposed to the bottle option, but other than that, we really dug it. FABULOUS service by Karla, who left us alone just enough, but was always ready to freshen up our waters or make sure we were enjoying our food.
4	Went here several weeks ago. My one complaint is that it is TOO dark. The food was okay, nothing special. The staff was wonderful and very attentive.
4	So, my fellow yelpers who love happy hours...I have discovered a new happy hour destination! Phoenix City Grill, which sports happy hour from 3pm-close. Yes, til close!!! Sweet baby Jesus, finally someone answered my wishes! First off, the decor was lovely, as was the ambiance. Happy hour is only available in the bar area, where I quickly ventured to. Some of the happy hour items are: Beef sliders with yummy Tillamook cheese (whaddup Oregon!!!), grilled fish tacos, hummus, Green chile cheese dip, beef and chicken skewers, etc. All in all, a great selection with wonderful execution. The liquor selection is also solid. Any bar that has items, such as Plum Vodka, gets a thumbs up in my book. The wine selection is also good. PCG is right off the 51 and also closely located to my dive (yes, my personal dive) the Swizzle. My only gripe: The bar area was serviced by one waiter - the bartender. So, being that he was making drinks for the restaurant side as well as serving the bar area, the service suffered. He was not nice, inattentive, and at times rude. I was able to ignore him as the food made its way to my belly.
4	I have driven by this place so many times and said I want to try this place so bad. I have read good reviews and heard good things from friends. Last night I made there. I will return for sure. Its nice inside. The lighting is a little on the dark side which is good with me. The bar is nice but wish there was more seating. I had the pomegranate margarita and oh yeah it was so good. I only had one cause they were $9 then I just went with water. But the cool thing is they have PBR for $2, got to love that and happy hour form 3-close. Yeah I'll be there. The happy hour menu looks great and cant wait to try it out. So on to the food. I had the Surf N Turf Pasta. Its is Grilled beef tenderloin medallion and jumbo Sea of Cortez shrimp over fettuccine tossed with tomatoes, mushrooms and sweet corn in a green chile butter sauce. It was delicious. The beef was cooked a perfect med rare and the wood grill flavor really came thru. The shrimp were great wish there was more shrimp. I did get the small portion so more shrimp with the large . Small was $14 large is $18. My friend ordered the Grilled Beef Tenderloin which is Wood grilled 8oz. center cut filet with chipotle cheddar stuffed potato and sherry glazed mushrooms. $27 These mushrooms were like candy they should serve them for an app cause I know I'd get them. I wanted to get dessert but I had a long night ahead of me so I will have to get something next time. I did see a few desserts come out and looked great. Overall the place is great and I have a feeling I will become a regular. The server we had was the nicest guy. He was very knowledgeable of all the menu items and answered all my questions without hesitation. Great food, great service, and good ambiance. I cant wait to try the happy hour menu.
3	I know I know I'm gonna get some flack because of this... but yelpers... my experience here was 2 stars for service and an additional star for food. I think a restaurant experience should match its rating caliber and sadly it did not. No four stars for fabulousness, it's three stars because it's ok and that's not shabby at all.Went to dinner with the other half of our awesome pair... my besty Sara V. on a whim. We've been thinking alike lately... and while I was at work... I kept on thinking that it would be nice to go out to dinner... and unsurprisingly Sara V. was thinking the same too... I swear it's like we have ESPN or something! Anywho, I had her come up with the dinner choices since she knows I'm a really picky person (I say I'm not but I really am =P), she texted me the top 3... and I chose PCG since I had read Jana S. earlier review on the place and I've always wanted to try out this place!Anywho, we got to the restaurant and I really like the intersection it's at, at Bethany Home Rd. and 16th St. coz it's across from Luci's Market and Richardson's, and an awesome looking Starbucks. In a strange way that intersection has a little character plus it's in an older section of upper central Phoenix. I like the setup with the tables outside and the large picture windows. We were seated immediately at a two seater booth, noticed it was quite busy, and i liked the general ambiance of the place. We were thinking of the happy hour when we were heading there but were dismayed to read on their large easel board that hh tues. - fri. was from 3p to 6p but on Monday's it's from 3p to close. So we made a mental note that we'll come back for hh on Monday. We were seated and waited for our server, waters were dropped off, and our server passed with a passing remark "I'll be right back". Well she did come back after 10 mins. which I ordered a glass of reisling, and an order of the Roasted Green Chile Fundido Queso (ever since our trip in Austin for SXSW last year, we've been looking for a place that serves Queso as to satisfy our Queso fix from TX of which we have yet to find a place, maybe it's a Texas thing). My glass with a small carafe of wine was served... wet. The wine glass was wet! Like it had been just washed and they didn't take the time to dry the glass, no they served the glass WET and our server poured some of the reisling into the WET wine glass. Ok... there went a star. who serves wine in a wet glass?!? apparently PCG does. So, we're waiting to order, mind you, our server did not stop to give suggestions, mention the soup of the day, no we waited, and we had to ask for suggestions, and ask what the soup of the day was. Heck if you're a good restaurant, wouldn't you want to welcome your customers, who if you win them with good service and good food will come back, or are you happily satisfied with the customers and your fans that you're not interested in winning a few more? Ok... deep breath. I ordered the PCG pasta as suggested by our server, and Sara V. ordered the Smoked Baby Back Ribs (rubbed in Chipotle bbq sauce). Oh did I mention that I had to ask for Sara V.'s water refill the first time round and flag her down to get a diet coke. Sara and I could see the poor girl was handling way too many tables to guarantee good service but that's no excuse. I think there's an expectation that a restaurant of such acclaim should provide great service. The PCG pasta was quite good, liked the roasted garlic and chardonnay cream sauce, it wasn't overly creamy, loved the sun dried tomatoes though, it was delicious. Sara V.'s baby back ribs had a kick with them, it was spicy! and the green chile cornbread was okay not bandera's skillet corn bread good though. Oh, the queso was alright as well except i wish it was a little more thicker, this queso seemed too runny but it was a good starter nevertheless. We finished our meal with a slice of the buttermilk pie which had a caramel sauce and pomegranate seeds as garnish, which was the right accompaniment to something rich and sweet. Overall the food was very good but the service had me wishing it was better and it did affect my overall dining experience. I will come back for the happy hour but I will have to pass on a glass of wine... unless they can guarantee it'll be served in a dry wine glass. And maybe some attentive service. So hopefully next time I'll get my four stars, we'll see.
4	Phoenix City Grille is A OK in my book! Great food and service! We were here last Friday, it was my father in laws 60th bday celebration, there were about 20-25 of us. And yes we had reservations! They actually have a private room for large parties! Super Sweet! We only had one waitress, but it seemed that we were her only table while we were there. She was pretty on top of things, my wine glass never hit empty. She took our orders and I was surprised at how fast the food came out, very impressive. I ordered the Tilapia, it had an almond (I think) crust with a raspberry sauce served over roasted veggies. The tilapia was amazing and so were the veggies, though the veggie portion was very small, one more small scoop wont break the bank PCG! Its a cozy and dark/romantic type setting.
5	My new favorite dish at PCG (actually anywhere) is the new Surf N Turf Pasta entree. It is freakin' amazing! Cooked to order medallions of beef (I believe its filet) and HUGE prawns over a bed of fettuccine noodles. Seasoned with diced green chilies, corn, and a bit of cheese, it's"s a bit spicy, but over all just so dang tasty. I also have recently tried their Dreamy Draw Chili and it is a winner. Made of pinto beans, it's"s different from your traditional red sauce chili. I honestly have not had a bad dish at PCG. Kim is the best server they have, but maybe we're biased because we know her. If you still have not tried PCG, make it a point to do so soon. I hear their parking lot remodel is completed. :)
5	YummmmmmmmmmmmmWe went here on Mothers Day, and man am I glad we had reservations! Even with reservations we still had to wait at least 10 minutes to be seated, they were hoppin in there! Once we were seated our wiatress was quick to take our drink order. I ordered the griddled corn cakes and that has all I have thoguht about since taking my last bite. They were beyond amazing! I have never been here for brunch before but think I will need to go back very soon! Such a great brunch to honor an awesome mother in law!
5	This place is just a few blocks down the street from me. Yet, in three years, I've only eaten four times. Perhaps it's because whenever I go, I see more people in their 50s and up so I don't think of it as a place where urban hipsters hang out. But I have to say, it seems to grow on me every time I eat there. The most recent trip was for Mother's Day brunch. After looking at various Phoenix eateries' menus to decide where to take my mom, I knew the Grille was it. Their brunch menu is quite a few steps above and for the prices, a great culinary investment. I had the griddled corn cakes (mmmm....) and you get a choice of meat. So I had diced smoked ham hidden in between them. It came with black beans and cheese, potatoes and maple syrup. Mom had short rib with a poached, breaded egg on top and a tangy red onion relish. The egg was a gem and the breading wasn't incredibly greasy. To top it off, they were giving moms a carnation flower. Nice touch. As for dinner, I highly recommend the pot roast. And I don't know anywhere else that serves up their quinoa and goat cheese cakes (what a yummy combo). And they do try to buy locally when they can. It's a great restaurant in a location that's never too packed with traffic. And the staff has always been courteous. It's really becoming one of my favorite go-to places. I'm surprised it's not plugged more in local dining guides.
3	Stopped in for brunch today.The eggs Benedict was done very well.  Good service and fair prices.A nice neighborhood dining option.
5	I went to the Phoenix City Grille with my parents last week after going to the Arizona Tourism Show at the Convention Center downtown. My parents just moved back to Scottsdale after living in Houston for 2 years, and on our way home we realized we were starving, so my mom remembered the PCG and suggested we try it again after at least 5 years not having been there. It's a little off the beaten path (although easily accessible from the 51), but I have to say that it was one of the best meals we'd had out in AGES!!!! I live downtown Chicago, where the culinary/dining scene is truly one of the best in the US, and the quality and presentation of the food here really impressed me. Just a fantastic place.My mom and I decided to try a bunch of appetizers, and my dad had the pork tenderloin.  We had the fish tacos, the bacon-wrapped shrimp, the griddled corn cakes, and the crab cakes.  I cannot tell you how fantastic each and every one of these appetizers was!!! The fish tacos were the best we'd EVER had--and we're a major fish taco-eating family! Fresh grilled fish with a chipotle-lime aioli and pickled red onions--just fantastic. The bacon-wrapped shrimp were HUGE! I don't know where they get these shrimp, but they're incredible, and stuffed with cotija cheese. Yes, a little rich, but absolutely delicious.  The griddled corn cakes--incredible! They totally balance that sweet-salty thing that everyone loves, and the corn cakes were soft, fluffy, and surprisingly very light.  Then the crabcakes. We're originally from Maryland so we're VERY picky about our crabcakes--and we were shocked to discover they actually did them correctly!! Fresh, lump crabmeat (not shredded!) and very little filling, served with an incredible lemon aioli sauce and a little salad. Just amazing!My dad had the pork tenderloin, and he's a bit of a picky eater and left not a single scrap on his plate! I love how the waiter asked him how he wanted it prepared (yes, you can have pork tenderloin done medium), and it was served with jalapeno preserves, these incredible mashed potatoes, and roasted root vegetables. My dad cleaned his entire plate and loved every bite.  On top of it all (yes, we were stuffed!), we decided to split a dessert--the bread pudding, which was absolutely DELICIOUS. Not overly sweet or rich, and nicely presented. Excellent coffee, too.I was so pleasantly surprised by how great the Phoenix City Grille was that I just HAD to put a review on Yelp (and this is my first!).  Our server was excellent, and I don't have a bad thing to say about this place.  I wish it were in Chicago! We'll be back as soon as possible.  5 stars.
5	I went to add this to my newly made list of favorite brunch spots and couldn't believe my eyes.. I hadn't reviewed PCG yet!?!If someone were to ask me what my favorite brunch dish was, without batting an eye I would respond "Griddled corn cakes from PCG of course". Take corn cakes and cook them to perfection (you know with a few corn kernels stuck in there), stuff them with chicken, green chillis, jack cheese, serve them with salsa fresco, potatoes and black beans. This would also probably be my last meal on earth if I had a choice. You feeling my taste buds? It honestly doesn't get any better. Outside of brunch, the food here is amazing.  The Rose Lane Chicken, The Surf and Turf, any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters, and it is great for groups.
1	Surly, poor service - we spotted a couple of thick gray-white hairs floating on top of my girlfriend's wine. After scowling at us for bringing it up, the new bartender from Flagstaff poured out the wine and then informed us that these were tiny strands of cheese from our con queso, which my girlfrind didn't touch and was about 2 feet away from her. It is obvious when you have hairs in your drink!In attentive service from that point on, but when we left after awarding the bartender the 5% tip (more than he deserved) he pursued us down the sidewalk to the south, outside the building by walking along the plate glass windows on the inside, banging on them alongside as we walked. What a weird experience! Been going here for years and years, some of their dishes are quite good, others not so hot; wine list pretty indifferent and slipping. But this kind of behavior is a game changer. I will never go back.
4	My boyfriend had driven by several times and since we live in the neighborhood we decided on a whim to pop in and are so glad we did! Read some other reviews that recommended it as a good date spot and I agree. Dim lighting and great service were good starters. My bf got the slider to start then we got skewers to share. They were awesome.For entrees my bf got the tenderloin and I got the surf and turf pasta. My bf happens to be a foodie who has traveled the world so when he likes a place it is outstanding- and he did! I loved my shrimps as big as a baby's foot and the beef was so tender. It was melt in your mouth good.To finish I had the bread pudding which we were told were made from croissants that they make onsite fresh everyday. It had a lush sauce that went with it but it wasn't too heavy. Perfect end to a great meal. So glad this is a local place that we can add to out favorites.As far as cost- you can get out of there for $40 for 2 and have a good meal or you can get the higher end dishes which will run you a bit more. Great place and we will be back soon!
3	Nice, neighborhood place...wouldn't suggest people go out of their way to check it out, but good if you are in the neighborhood.
5	I have been coming here for YEARS and am sad to say that until I ate another amazing lunch there today, it never occurred to me to write a review.  Every meal I have here is better than the last, it's ALWAYS consistent, and the menu has something for everyone.  My personal faves are the black bean soup and the Bethany Home Chopped salad (and I'm not really a salad kind of gal :)!!!).  But don't shy away from the ribs, OMG is all I can say, or the PCG pasta.  Come to think of it, any PCG virgin I've taken here has raved about it and become a novice themselves :)! Add in the full bar and great wine list, this place is a MUST for a constantly consistent great meal! In regards to the attire i chose dressy because if you came on a weekend night in jeans and flip flops you may feel under dressed, but you could absolutely go jeans and flops during the day for lunch (as I did today)! Happy eating!
4	It had been years since I had been to PCG; but my friends Rich & Corey said lets go there.  Decided to try brunch today.  I had the   Stacked Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas thought it might be like chilaquiles - but it was very delicious!!!  The price is very reasonable.  My friends both had Smoked Salmon Benedicts - they looked very yummy.  Also, really crave crab cakes; but haven't found a place to that serves them well. Might have to try them the next time.  A very good Sunday, will definately be back!!!
4	The first thing I must say about the Phoenix City Grill is that the owner of this place ROCKS!!! All restaurant owners need to take a page out of this guys book. Reason in a second. Let's talk about food first.I had the baby back ribs and the were awesome. Not quite as good as the baby backs from Houstons but pretty darn close. My girlfriend who loves PCG decided to go with something different this time around and ordered one of their signature dishes. It was some sort of chicken. I do consider myself a foodie so the first thing I was thinking is how can chicken be a signature dish? Chicken is boring no matter what you do with it. Anyway, it wasn't that good and the chicken comes on the bone which my girlfriend didn't like. So, since it was a signature dish, recommended by the waiter, I had to return it. My philosphy is that if something is recommended and is a signature dish and it doesn't give you a mouthgasim, it gets returned. So the waiter nicely takes it back and apologizes multiple times and asks if we would like something else. My girlfriend orders her old PCG standby, the Pork Tenderloin. Wow what a great pork dish. I don't care for pork that much but i must say i crushed half of it, it was amazing.Do I even need to explain the choclate tort??? YUMBack to the owner. We arrive at PCG at about 4pm to eat dinner, who eats at 4pm, you'd think we went for the early bird special. We get seated in the dining room and are the only ones in the dining room and no one comes out for like 10 minutes. So we move to the bar  and tell the bar tender we are going to eat at the bar because no one came out to greet us or take a drink order. He apologizes, bvut it was NO BIG DEAL. We weren't mad or complaining or anything. Remember earlier I mentioned the signature dish that got sent back. Well the owner comes over to us and says i understand you have had some issues today and we are like ah no problem the food was great yada yada yada. The owner is like NO BOTH of your meals are on me including dessert. We objected and were like you don't have to do that and he INSISTED. Who does this now a days in the restauran business? Most definately not Donovans.Anyway to sum it up. PCG is awesome, the owner actually cares about his customers and everyone i tell this story to they are like i can't believe he did that. Go to Phoenix City Grille you won't be disappointed. KUDOS to PCG and especially you Mr. Owner, sorry I don't remember your name. I'll be for some ribs soon.
4	The best pan fried cornbread.    Have not eaten a meal that was not delicious.      Great place to eat and enjoy the pictures on the wall.
5	This is the best restaurant in Phoenix. My wife and I have been eating out here for years, Their servers are great and the food is always delicious. The entire menu is very good and the specials are always unique.Check out their website at http://www.phoenixcitygrille.com
4	This place is a neighborhood staple. The menu is not my fav (my taste buds only). I sat at the bar waiting for a friend to show up. I think the bartender was new, not just because of the deer in the headlights look on his face, but also the fact that I had to wave him down after about 7 minutes of sitting there. There were 6 specials, 2 which caught my eye. After settling on one, we ordered and were told they were out of 4 of the 6 specials. Might I add it was about 12:15pm. That seemed a little early to be running out of specials. The food we ordered ended up to be OK. If you haven't eaten here, you must. If given the option I would pick 3.5 stars. This is because of the service and the lack of available specials (maybe cross them off the sandwich board out front when you run out?) I've heard they have a great happy hour and I would definitely recommend the bacon-wrapped shrimp on the app menu.
2	The food was ok, but the atmosphere and service was less than stellar. The median age of the diners, at 8pm no less, was about 60. The waiter left us alone after bringing drinks taking our order for what seemed like 30 minutes, before telling me that what i ordered was 86ed. That was all fine and good, but when i re-ordered the turkey sandwich, that's not what brought me. It was a chicken sandwich and was missing it's main condiment to boot. I got a side of whatever was supposed to go on it, but I didn't realize the it was chicken instead of turkey until later, and by then, it was so late and everyone else was practically done eating, so i let it go. Overall, the food wasn't anything special and the service is definitely under-par
5	L O V E  Phx City.This place is amazing!  Of the five million times I have been here, I have yet to actually go for Happy Hour, which I hear is equally amazing.I love that this place is nice enough to warrant going to for a special occasion, but neighborhood enough that you will usually run into at least one person you know every time you come.The Rose Lane Chicken makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  The Bread Pudding is divine, and they get mucho brownie points for not putting raisins in it!!  (I am super not into raisins)  They have a well rounded wine list, which was my go to, until the day I tried the Pomegranate Mango Collins.  Hellllooooo drink love!  Sweet and tart, but not too much of either, this drink is awesome!Many awesome things on the menu, great daily specials, & you can really taste the love and local difference in all of their menu items.  The service is 97% awesome, very seldom do I get slow service there & it has never been slow enough to irritate me.Definitely a go to place!
4	Hubby and I love this place.  Good service, great food, OK prices (hence the 4 stars).  Have had the fondue appetizer twice here and it's awesome.  Get it on happy hour!  Dinner entree I had was a chicken dish with mashed potatoes - A-mazing.  I'm always a little hesitant to order chicken because it's often dried out, but this was moist and delicious.  Had a starter caesar salad which was "ok" - maybe had a little too much anchovy in the dressing for my liking?Overall a terrific place, and we'll certainly be back.  Mondays they have happy hour 3pm to close!
5	This is our favorite local restaurant. We've been coming here for dinners (and a Mother's Day brunch) since mid-2009, when I found it on Yelp. It's in a nondescript shopping center, and if not for the constant traffic jam outside, you probably wouldn't even notice it.I particularly like the lighting inside the restaurant; it's very relaxed and seems classier than it should be, given the location.The burger is great, but the chicken sandwich is easily the best I've had. I also enjoy the PCG Pasta. And they have a lot of great beers on tap.We live in Chandler now, but I'll make the drive to PCG any time I get an opportunity!
4	I have been to this place twice now, the 1st time was a 1st date that led to my marriage. This is a great 1st date location. They have designed the moderate space well, with 2 levels and plenty of booths. Thier lighting and interior decorating adds to a feeling of cozy and secluded. Hats off to the chef! They do a great job with fish, and wonderful grilled veggies and aromatic sides.The service was not excellent, but good. Seemed that he floor might not have been staffed well my 2nd visit.
5	There aren't as many places with the service and friendly staff as PCG!  I've only been there for the Yelp event, but I will definitely go back based solely on the treatment we all got from the staff.The food was amazing with combos that were perfect.  The coconut shrimp was my very favorite and I am always down for fruit and cheese.This place is very close to home and I will become a regular, whether they like it or not.
4	Phoenix City Grille knocked my socks off with some special treats they dazzled us with at a CMYE (Community Manager Yelp Event) and I recently returned with the generous buy-one-get-one voucher they sent us home with (it expires on the 30th, fellow Yelpers who haven't redeemed theirs yet). After the delicious scallops at our Yelp event, you can guess what I had my heart set on -- hopeful that there would be a special, since they are not a regular menu offering. Fortunately for me, there was a short rib and scallop special. It was accompanied by fried green beans. The sort rib was good. Definitely tender with a real hearty, rich, beefy flavor. There was only 1 scallop. It was a little tougher than the ones showcased at our event. Trying to minimize the calories, I asked for plain green beans instead. The kitchen sent out the fried which our server quickly noted and corrected, leaving the fried ones for my dinner partner to enjoy. Lacking any substantive willpower, I nibbled one or two and they were quite tasty. A light tempura coating combined with the cooking technique offered a unique, enjoyable flavor. My "plain" green beans were dressed in olive oil with garlic, salt and pepper (just like I make at home). Still crisp, they were delicious! So, I got my wish with the special, but the the regular menu challenges decision-making abilities with so many great options! My friend got the beef tenderloin and it was, quite possibly, the best steak I've had in the Valley. It was fabulously tender (even cooked medium well) and perfectly seasoned. I look forward to ordering one for myself on a future visit. I had heard about the bread pudding from the CMYE reviews and so we splurged with dessert. It was phenomenal! Think the fluffiest, most custardy french toast flavor you've ever had! Thank goodness it was cut into two pieces -- better for a peaceful sharing. Another tip from the CMYE, thanks to Don S., I tried the Brophy Clark Pinot Noir ($11/glass) and it was love at first sip! I liked it so much, I called Total Wine to see about buying a bottle for home and searched the vineyard's website for where to buy a bottle in Arizona but didn't get very far. I guess I'll have to add that to the reasons to return to Phoenix City Grille!
4	My husband and I decided to try a new place for lunch and we are glad we chose this place. We started with the slow roasted beef sliders. The horseradish cream on the sliders was subtle, which I can appreciate. The corn cakes were delicious and very filling. The fish tacos were ok, lacked a little bit of seasoning. We shared the grilled beef tenderloin with mushrooms. The portions were great! I love a restaurant that has hardy dinner dishes for lunch. I'm not stuck ordering a salad, sandwich or burger! We will be back!
4	I actually went here over a month ago but felt it worthy of saving for my 200th review.  If it wasn't for Yelp I this is one of the places I have eaten I never would have known about.  And it is sort of fun to tell your date your are going to eat in a mostly vacated strip mall just off the highway. :-)  I had been here previously for a Yelp event.We arrived around 6 on a Saturday just as it was getting dark.  We got seated right away.  Even at that early hour the place was far from empty.  It seldom happens we are amongst the youngest folks in any venue so we happily take note.  As the evening went on the crowd got younger and the place was almost packed.We got our waters and menus right away and then we sort of got forgotten for about 5 minutes or so before our waiter introduced himself and took our drink orders.  That would prove to be the only glitch in food or service the entire meal.  I had the PCG pasta and she had a black and blue burger.  I also had a salad with Blue cheese dressing.  Lately we seem to have been on a run of less than stellar blue cheese, both my dressing and the crumbles on her burger were good.  We both enjoyed our meal.  Usually we try some of each others food but I declined to take a bite of a well done burger, however she thought it was great.  I did sample the fries and they were pretty good.  The beer selection had a couple of selections I liked to choose from.Excellent place for a nice dinner out.  Even if you get in to steaks the place is not over the top expensive.  It was quiet enough we no trouble talking.
5	PCG cannot fail to please. i have been twice now, once for a yelp event and once to use the coupon they gave me at said yelp event. Both times i was blown away by the delicious food i had here. The follow up visit i brought my best friend, the lovely Barbara G and we had an excellent time!The service is great, and i am especially fond of the waiter who took care of me both visits, gosh i wish i could remember his name...but without sounding...a little...too...glaad...not that there's anything wrong with that! he was a very handsome man....but i was genuinely impressed that he remembered me from the yelp event, and both visits his serving skillz were right on par. kudos! when we sat down and perused the menu I was still a little "dazed and confused" from my morning rituals *ahem* and everything on the menu sounded ridiculously good to me, it was getting so hard to make up my mind, i was floundering until my lovely friend Barbara suggested the bacon bleu cheese burger, a girl after my own heart!We then both ordered said burger, a coke for her and a pabst for myself. We gnoshed on those delicious burgers accompanied w/ garlic horseradish mashed potatoes ooooweee! Here was a dish that was so perfectly flavoured and well thought out and deceptively simple. without a shadow of doubt one of the best burgers i've had in phx. I would recommend PCG to any and all, and look forward to when i make my return.
4	Finally went here after attending the CMYE and had a great meal! PCG is a very classy little restaurant that is low-lit and practically perfect for dinner, vino and conversation. The staff is very professional and helpful, and it was undoubtedly a pleasure to be served by them.The food was good, though a bit steep in the pricing department. I tried their famous corn cakes, and I also got to try the 16th Street Pot Roast and Rose Lane Chicken. The corn cake was the highlight of the meal for me. Imagine the flavor of corn bread (that's not dry, mind you) accompanied with chicken, salsa, black beans, and topped with some jack cheese. Mmm! Every flavor really complimented each other really well. That appetizer was what a fancy southwestern appetizer should be like. The pot roast was also delicious, and I would say the same about the chicken. The meat in both dishes was cooked just right, flaky and tender for the roast, and perfectly juicy (not wet, but not dry) for the chicken. Both entrees were very comfort food-ish.I hope to eat at PCG again sometime soon. The food and service were great and it definitely has a great ambiance about it.
5	A fine dining establishment that is a real treat to eat at. I discovered this place when attending the Community Manager Yelp Event (CMYE), and was enticed by the flavors and array of dishes presented us. I made a special note to return for the bacon-wrapped shrimp soon!I brought a date here for my return visit and insisted we order the shrimp appetizer. She loved it. Somehow PCG manages to crisp the bacon perfectly without overcooking the (somewhat huge) shrimp. The tartar-sauce like dipping sauce, however, was too creamy. It took away from sweetness of the shrimp and saltiness of the bacon. We found the vinaigrette on the bed of greens the shrimp were served on to be a better, brighter accompaniment, that did not take away from the other flavors.Entrees were amazing. I had the cedar-plank salmon that came with horseradish mashed potatoes and citrus-marinated roasted beets. The warm beets really complemented the dish nicely--a well-composed and well-balanced plate that I won't soon forget. My date enjoyed the grilled beef tenderloin. I could not help but to steal a couple of her sherry-glazed mushrooms, when she wasn't looking. Swipe!We topped off a perfect dinner with the warm croissant bread pudding. Great date destination and food that you will never forget.
4	My first experience with PCG was at a small, yet fantastic Yelp event.  I've been back twice and have been just as impressed.The first time was for brunch, and I recommend the griddled corn cakes.  No, I just don't recommend them, I insist you have them.  Even if you are allergic to corn, take the plunge and try these...unless you might die, then stay away as that might be bad PR for PCG.  Topped with smoked ham (that's what I had), chicken, or bacon and served with maple syrup, it was beyond good.  I could eat this dish every day of my life.  The black beans were okay, but I do think the breakfast potatoes are nothing special and could be improved upon.  I was a big fan of a $4 mimosa, however!  Yep, you read that right...4 bucks!Second visit for dinner, and I ordered the cedar planked salmon.  A generous piece of fish perfectly cooked and served with a delicious lemon aioli.  The accompanying roasted beets were not my thing, and the mashed potatoes were okay (maybe I'm picky about potatoes?)  I also tried a bit of my dining companion's beef tenderloin and it was butter-knife tender (that's what I cut it with).  Served with a stuffed potato and mushrooms, I believe, it will most likely be my next entree.  For dessert, we shared the Jack Daniel's croissant bread pudding.  We actually shared half, and I most generously took the other half to my husband who I left at home.  Although, I generally don't care for bread pudding, this is NOT your typical bread pudding and probably the best bread pudding you can imagine (other than that one recipe that uses a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts).Although PCG is a little bit of a drive for me (outside my usual 5-mile maximum radius), I will happily make that drive and return again.
3	Reliable place to take the in-laws or maybe a business client.  The service is topnotch, the parking is terrible.  It is considered fine dining, but its not anything you can't get at other restaurants, but what I like about this place is that it actually feels less corporate.  You go to Capital Grille, you know you are at Capital Grille.  Once you get past the fact that it is in a strip mall (a common occurance in Phoenix) and that it is located to a goofy clothing store next door, you walk into a super comfortable restaurant and you can fool yourself into thinking you are a resort restaurant.  (i.e. safe food, good service, expensive without hugely breaking bank, but expensive enough should that be the impression you are going for).
5	Matt and I dined here for our Christmas Eve dinner. Since this was the first time I didn't make the trip home to San Francisco for Christmas, I had absolutely no idea what to do with my Christmas Eve. Matt and I need plans! Therefore, after doing some investigative work on the internet as to what Arizonians can do in Phoenix on Christmas Eve, I came across PCG and their special menu for the holiday. Their prime rib and sea bass specials looked mouthwatering so I made reservations. In the end, this place did not disappoint!! I will unquestionably be back. I started out with a strong and tart pomegranate margarita that wasn't too sweet. I don't like it when margaritas are sugary so this one was perfect, and a great way to get my Christmas festivities started. For my main course I opted to try the sea bass special. It came with almond crusted asparagus and some garlicky (and insanely buttery) rosemary mashed potatoes. How would I describe the entire meal? In one word, perfection! That sea bass was so fresh and delicious it practically swam right up to my plate. You can't really go wrong with asparagus but this wasn't just your regular vegetable. They coated the asparagus with a crunchy layer of almonds and it was soooooo tasty. And yeah, the mashed potatoes tasted like they had about 5 cubes of butter in them... but that's the best way to make em!I wish I had known about this place sooner because it really is such a delightful restaurant. The atmosphere isn't too lively but it isn't too dull. Tons of families, friends and large groups filled the interior so PCG really suits any age demographic. I loved the decorations that they had up for Christmas, and I highly recommend dining here for any holiday. They really do an all around excellent job at providing an awesome dining experience. When I was there I also noticed that they have a really nice bar with an even nicer happy hour... so once I get the chance, I'm going to head right back here and try it out! Everyone in AZ needs to know about this place. It's one of those solid classic restaurants you can go to for pretty much any occasion. 5 stars to PCG!
3	12-24-10We have been coming here for Christmas eve dinner for three years, my husband and in-laws.  We usually eat early, before church, but this year  made reservation at 8:30pm, after the service.  When we arrived, the place was packed.  Even with reservation it took an hour to get seated but we knew it was due to the holiday.  The manager comp'd us free appetizers due to the delay.  We ordered crab cake & skewers(chicken and beef) and they were good, with the hint of Thai accent.For the entrees my husband order a pasta and seafood dish which he liked.  His brother had a delicious pork chop.  I ordered pasta and jumbo shrimp on the side but the server forgot to add the shrimp, which delayed things even further.Phoenix City Grill is one of our favorites but this time they were too busy to provide prompt seating and service we expect.  We only visit once a year.  Maybe next time will be better.
4	I would echo many of the positive things others have mentioned about Phoenix City Grille. Everything I had here was just downright good. Ribs were mouthwatering, fall off the bone, marinated fresh each morning and not overcoated, perfect. Really didn't even need the sauce they had such flavor already.Black bean soup was nice and the chopped salad was real good too with a nice peanut dressing. Nice wine list with plenty of affordable by-the-glass options. And the server we had was nice too, my companion and I stumbled in after a hike to Piestewa Peak and were definitely underdressed, but everyone was nice about it and they clearly wanted out business and valued us as customers.If I lived in this area of Phoenix, this would be in my rotation for sure.
5	Went there last night to celebrate a good friend's birthday. Loved the dim lights atmosphere, which seem to made the couples celebrating Valentine's Day feel more comfortable. The service was excellent. Jose our server did not fail to pay attention to each member of our 15+ party. Appetizers and entrees were enjoyed by everyone. The portions were good for all to share, and as the restaurant mentions on their website, the prices are reasonable.I had the almond crusted tilapia, with a raspberry butter sauce and green beens, and truly enjoyed it. Will come back.
3	This place is in a good location and very busy always, So maybe i am missing it.  The place looks clean, but it is so dark in there you really don't know. The food is very good! However, the service has never been outstanding. My friends really like this place so we all meet there tonight. My friends(2 males) got there before i did. They had ordered wine and  had gotten me water.  The waitress, never told me the specials or even asked if i had any questions about the menu. She came right to the table asked me what i wanted to drink and then was back saying ,"are you ready to order."   I felt rushed and ordered the roast beef. My friend  said to me, did you want roast beef or the pot roast? The waitress said," I ordered her the pot roast we don't have roast beef."  Yes, i am 5 and she cannot speak to me directly. So the food was good , service not so much. Not my favorite place to go. Plus i thought it was very high priced for what it was and we had to ask for bread. It does not come with the meal.
3	I have been coming here for a few years, it is not my first choice.  It seems we always have a birthday or someone else's get together,  The food and service is good, however for my personal taste it is not something memorable.
4	Another trip out of town and Yelpers haven't let me down yet!  Came here on advice of Yelp. Great cozy ambiance, great lighting, interesting menu with lots of variety whether you want a salad, burger, pasta, or steak.  Also a good wine list - not too long, and some interesting varietals.  The 4 of us enjoyed: black bean soup, black and bleu burger, ribs, salads, and meat skewer appetizers. As first time guests, we were offered a free dessert- we happily chose the chocolate torte with vanilla gelato.  Food was great, service was friendly and competent, and the place was pretty much full by the time we left @ 6:45 pm on a Thursday (we stopped in for an early bite after a Spring Training game nearby). I would be a regular if I lived here!  I'll definitely be back next time I am in town.
5	My friends and I have been big fans of PCG for well over 10 years, we've never had a negative dining experience.  Some tasty appetizers, great entrees and the specials are pretty delectable.  The staff provides great service, some of them have been around for years.  Love the atmosphere.One of my all-time favorite meals was at the PCG, well over a year ago, and I can't get it out of my head.  It was spicy grilled white fish served on andouille and potato hash over grilled sweet corn puree.  The fish was perfectly cooked - steaming hot on the outside and just set up inside, very moist.  The sweet corn and spicy sausage were awesome together, the meal was just incredible.  My friends were envious - I shared a few small bites :)My red meat friends praise the steaks and lamb, I love their seafood entrees and the sauteed veggies.  Hearty portion sizes but not over the top.  Still haven't figured out the magic in those mashed potatoes!  I'd try to save a little room to share a dessert, great bread pudding!
4	PCG is a really good, reliable place to grab some good food and drinks. Sometimes the service is amazing, sometimes it's pretty good, but it is always a safe bet.I recommend the cheeseburgers and margaritas. They are very tasty and pair nicely. The atmosphere is very comfortable, dark and cozy. This is a local spot, and neighbors use it as an excuse not to make dinner at home. Give PCG a try, and it will likely be in your standard rotation, and you won't be disappointed.  The only area I think PCG could improve is with desserts. As good as the meals are, the desserts just aren't as good or enticing- which is not to say they are bad, just not on par with the rest of the place.
5	What can I say about PCG? I love it. There's something for everyone here. My recommendations are:-anything they have on special-pot roast-cedar plank salmon-tortilla soup if they have it-wedge salad-chiliAlso...if you drink, make sure to try one of their Moscow Mules.
3	I just had lunch at the Phoenix City Grille. The food was pretty good, but the service was not the best.  I got the Green Chile Burger, and it was pretty good. We were served quickly, but the waitress didn't come check on us for several minutes. I needed mayonnaise for the burger, but I had to wait at least 10 minutes for the server to return to ask for it. I also had a mimosa. It was good, but the server never asked if I cared for another. The server only asked me if I wanted more water when it was time to leave the restaurant.  It also seemed to take awhile to get the check and pay for the food. The restaurant was only moderately busy, and it seems like they only had a few servers working. I really don't fault the server. It just seems like she was waiting on too many people.
5	We love this place.  It's close to home and never disappoints.  I can honestly say, that I've never eaten anything I don't like.  It's always a sure thing.
5	Phx city grille is amazing !!!!! We go at least once a week great atmosphere and  food is great. A True gem to phx ....
5	My wife and I were on a roadtrip. Got off the plane in Phoenix and rented a car to goto Sedona and Grand Canyons. It happened to be Sunday morning, we stopped at PCG and they were serving their brunch menu. It was one of the best brunch we've ever had. I had the stuffed french toast, my wife had some type of egg white omelet. The food and service was really good and they offered special drinks such as $3 mimosas. I highly recommend this place.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. Everything I order is amazing. Friendly staff.
4	Service is excellent but I tried the corn cakes that everyone is raving about and I just don't get it. They are like pancakes, but with some veggies between them, kind of like an omelette... and then there's some pico de gallo thrown in (that was good) and served with syrup. Just my personal preference, I guess, all of those flavors didn't blend well for my taste. However, the bloody Mary was tasty and at $4 is a steal on a Sunday morning! My companions had the crab cake benedict and the bread pudding french toast (more like a dessert than a breakfast), both were excellent.
3	I was very content with this place and was going to give it a 4 star but having to pay $10 for an egg white frittata kinda made me not so happy. We came here because we were in the area and ordered the egg white frittata, PCG burger and griddle corn cakes. Egg white frittata: good but nothing amazing to note.PCG burger: the the fried jalapenos were made with fresh jalapenoes and since we didn't feel like getting a side of fries, we got a cup of chili for a dollar extra. Overall a large and good burger.Griddle corn cakes: this reminded me of a tamale without the corn husk. This was probably the best thing we had. This consists of two corn bread-like pancakes that sandwich chicken and cheese, topped with pico de gallo and a side of beans. Together, its a great and delicious combo.The bill came out to about $40 with tax and tip, the servers were attentive, but the location is a bit hard to find.
4	PCG is an excellent place to relax for brunch. You will find courteous staff, excellent table service, and good food. The environment was very laid back and relaxing. Definitely worth checking out if your in the area.
5	A neighborhood favorite of mine....have enjoyed a visit for dinner or brunch for years.Highlights--Quiet atmosphere-extensive beer and wine list-great appetizers---bacon wrapped shrimp, crab cakes and skewers among my favorites-favorite entrees include port tenderloin, various pasta dishes-tortilla soup-love the bread pudding for desert-great service
3	No real complaints, just nothing that blew me away.Decent tap selection.  Decent liquor selection.  Both soups partook were quite good.  Service was quick.  Music was very hip, yet the crowd (at least at the time we were there) was the 40-60 crowd - kind of left me wondering.We did order an item that was clearly on the happy hour menu (but we didn't know it was on the menu -- i.e. "do you have a -blank- we can order?"), and were told no such thing existed.  Upon leaving, we got a chuckle.  Fathoms of LCD's with sports on, not quite my thing.
5	This place has long been one of my favs, whether getting take out or dining at the restaurant.  The cedar planked salmon, pot roast and griddle corn cakes never fail to satisfy. Last night, however, made me fall in love all over again!  The croissant bread pudding with the Jack Daniels sauce and the pumpkin cheesecake completely stopped the normally frenzied conversation at our table.  My dining companions and I sheepishly looked at each other as if we had been caught doing something illegal or immoral!  It was almost embarrassing how good these two items were!!!The luxurious textures, the perfectly balanced flavors, the butter infusions!  Trying to figure out how I can go back in tonight and just do the deserts...
3	This place has a great happy hour which we have been to a couple of times so we decided to have dinner there.  No comparison.  The burger I ordered was very dry and flavorless.  The bun was falling apart.  The "beef sliders" ordered by a member of our group were slices of dried out pot roast on a bun.  The shrimp appetizer ordered by another person was OK.  None of the food was outstanding (a $12.00 burger in central Phx should be).  Service was good.  The wine list was unusual and fairly priced.  I felt the prices were rather high for the quality of food.  The place was very dark which made it difficult to get around.  We shall stick with the happy hours there and skip the dinners.
2	First off, the servers here are lifeless and lame. No personality and they look sour. They mope around and look like its a hassle for them to be at work. As I noticed the owner, it became clear why everyone is so unhappy. This man could easily be the most serious, grumpy, old man i have ever seen in a restaurant. He didnt have the friendly vibe going on at all.  If he is so unhappy, he should retire and get on the road!The food is decent. I have definitely had more satisfying food for a less cost. Such as: the vig or mazies. In conclusion - stuffy staff and overpriced lousy food.
5	I Loves the cool music and very clean bathrooms. The photographs on the wall are beautiful and add an interesting connection to our history. The appetizers we ordered were fantastic. We had the Griddle cakes and the spicy Hummus appetizers !Hamburgers: the blue cheese and the PCG burger were delicious. The beef was excellent and the sauce was great!The pot Roast with bourbon gravy was excellent.The portions were big and could easily be shared by two.The Rib eye steak was large and very delicious.We also liked the flavorful mashed potatoes. Service was very good!I will be back soon !
4	Great rib eye fillet (mushrooms make it!) OK service (took some time) and from what my girlfriend says nice stiff tasty martini's. I have been trying to find a steak that matches the Circa 1900's filet mignon that I used to enjoy but since that was sold and is now Nobu I have yet to find one nearly as tasty. This one came close which I can say for more than many supposedly great steak houses.Ruth's Chris for example along with the bitter taste of the non-deserved 200$ bill you get sub-par food with excellent service like that actually makes up for it. I am not saying they have a terrible steak but how different is it from a Filberto's version versus the ratio of what you pay for it doesn't add up. Christopher's and Noca(which I thought is where the crew from Circa went)comes to mind also as food at a higher price with great service but mediocre steak.This steak was worth 32 or so bucks, My girlfriend thought the salmon was ok and the salad was nice. I liked the baked potato which had a nice kick to it.Recommended:Filet with mushroomsmartinisalso the chili was quite nice also
5	I've noticed that as my solidly senior parents get older their taste in food gets pickier.  Due to this, every time I decide to treat them to a meal, I really have to put a ton of thought into it.  I've struck out many times, but hit one out of the field with Phoenix City Grille.Goat cheese toasts started the show.  The cheese was delicious, with the sun dried tomatoes really giving some depthEntrees ordered were the pot roast, pasta and an amazing porkchop special.  The pot roast was exactly what I craved, dare I say needed.  It took all the self control I could muster to save some for leftovers (Pot roast sandwich the next day, of course).  The chop was devoured in a frenzy by my normally mellow dad, while my mom eagerly sopped up the pasta sauce.I still tend to over think meal planning with the family, thankfully Phoenix City Grille has given me a solid option.
3	Nice upend, slightly sophisticated feel to this place which I like. I've met friends here for civilized drinks (i.e. wear something other than jeans and a T-Shirt and not having ten drinks and getting smashed) and for dinner. What I like most about this place is the atmosphere and the service. One thing I dislike about Phoenix is that EVERYWHERE is casual. When I come here I like to dress a little nicer and like sitting at the bar having a glass of wine or a nice cocktail rather than slumming it elsewhere over a Miller Lite. The food is good, not great. I am always bothered by a restaurant whose Surf and Turf is a New York Steak and Shrimp......in my opinion, the "Surf" should always be lobster. Not a deal breaker but that is one offering on the menu that bothered me. The best part of this place is the bar, and you should definitely check it out.
5	One of my favorites, eat here all the time. Locals restaurant. Great service, friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy, Jose,Becca or Natalie. Sunday brunch is great too. Wish I could give it more than 5 stars
4	To start of the new year, we were in Phoenix. My cousin recommended this place and he was able to make reservations via Open Table for the 6 of us. Our reservations were for 7pm, but they were that packed that we didn't get seated until around 7:30. It's a cozy lil place and when we finally did get seated we sat in the "governor's corner."They had a lot of drink specials which I would have loved to try, but I was feeling under the weather. I ended up ordering the Cedar Planked Salmon. I made my husband get the special for the night,  ribeye surf and turf (basically shrimp, sausage and scallops on a stick as the surf part). My salmon was a slightly over cooked and I wasn't a fan of the horseradish potatoes, but I ended up trading the potatoes with my husband's potatoes which were so much better. =) He seemed like he enjoyed his meal and he ended up eating the rest of mine too. (That's what husband's are good for ;)) In any case, I loved the atmosphere and the company. We ended up getting two free desserts with the kitchen being backed up and the wait for the table. We ended up with the croissant bread pudding and the warm chocolate torte. Both were delicious, but the warm chocolate torte was my favorite. Overall, service was good especially for a busy night and food was decent. I would definitely want to come back to try some drink specials and more desserts. =)
4	Phoenix City Grille is a great place for family and friends. Despite the draw back of being in a strip mall, the ambiance inside is very warm and welcoming. Instantly you will get the urge to enjoy a cocktail or in my case a Martini. PCG only gets better with the food. Classic comfort foods with a little southwest twist. The Griddle Corn Cakes were fantastic. You can definitely order that appetizer as an entree. I had the green chile burger and it was delicious. I don't think you could go wrong with any of the dishes on this menu. We will be back soon and often.
4	If I could give it a 4.5 I would. Not much not to be unhappy about here. The Good: Food was great. Fresh. Delicious. Served hot.  Lovely and I split the Chicken/Steak skewers. Delicious, perfect size served with a touch of sweet heat and ahhmazing peanut sauce. Meat was cooked to perfection. Presentation spot on.The kitchen was out of salmon but the almond crusted talapia was deeevine. A very generous portion, cooked perfectly with a lovely light berry reduction and beautiful roasted baby carrots and sauteed haricots verts. It was served hot - right off the line hot, which I prefer to resting happily for too long...The Lovely had tenderloin accompanied by what tasted like a chipotle, cheddar mashed potato and a boat load of sauteed mushrooms that was yum and he had no trouble finishing. We both had side salads - gorge and fresh mixed greens, on a cold plate no less - me with a balsamic vinaigrette served on the side that was perfect. Since it had been loudly uttered by the Sweet One that it was my birthday, upon removing the entree dishes, the server presented me with warm chocolate torte and vanilla gelato full on with a candle. Decandent and delicious. And it was comped. Total yaydom for me and my birthday! Wine choices are really fine. Me: Fess Parker Chard, The Boy: a Pinot Noir that I can't recall and therefore shant speak to. Chard was nice, crisp and not overly dry. The Bad [or to be fair, Not So Very Good]: We were seated at one of the smaller booths - a two seater. Which is cozy but across from the kitchen and the clang of dishes and next to a loud group of retirees discussing the new HBO series with Dustin Hoffman at full volume. Mmmmm, not so much. Reservation had the wrong name. Not tragic but its not that difficult. Seemed odd to be out of two entree selections at a 6PM seating on Sunday. But since one was fish, I forgive them. Sort of. That means they're buying very close to what they serve which = fresh. The Ugly: Nada. Zero. We'd go back. Its a nice spot with really good fresh food. Service was attentive and solid. Overall a really very fine experience. Topped off with a gift of diamond earrings. How bad could it be??
2	Not a good place to take your 90 yr. old friend. Please turn up the lights when you have the " Early Dinners"  I'm sorry but four little pieces of bread for SEVEN dollars, really? then to get a special and it has a small piece of fish and about a Quarter cup of salad for $29! Don't get me wrong I'm truly not a cheapskate but in this economy to pay $145 for three dinners, then have to have a snack when you get home is terr able!!   Won't be back!
5	Took neighbors here for lunch and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. The small salads were big enough for all of us. They had several yummy-sounding dressings and all the ingredients were fresh. Reasonable prices. The place was empty at 11:30 but there was a line waiting by 12:15, so reservations are necessary during peak hours.
5	We have eaten here at least once a week for the past 10 years.We take every guest than comes to visit, recommend it to every renter to our condo from out of state, and even use their party room for business meetings.We have never had a single sub-par meal in almost 10 years. I cannot even recall returning an item to the kitchen for any reason in all that time.The wait staff is incredible, the food unbelievably good. We have tried almost every item on the menu and never found one lacking. The wine selection is as excellent as the food.The only think that stinks is that apparently many others have discovered this place over the years and getting a table during the snowbird season is getting incredibly more difficult and they almost always run out of the daily specials.Probably one of the 5 best restaurants in Phoenix for quality, service, consistency, and value.-Ron
5	I just have to add that the owners here really know the definition of good customer service. A month ago, I took out-of-town guests for Sunday brunch. Part of the reason I chose City Grille was because they had a promotion where you could get a free appetizer for checking in on a Smart phone. All you had to do was show your server. Well, my server, no matter how nicely I approached the matter, kept insisting that deal was only for people who brought a print-out of an email--even after I showed her on my phone what their own restaurant's Facebook page stated! She just shrugged and said "Well nobody explained it to me." I don't fault her if nobody told her. But I do fault her for not even bothering to say anything like, "I don't know anything about that but let me go check with a manager" after I showed proof. It wasn't even the appetizer but the principle of the matter.I left a comment on the restaurant's Facebook page--very diplomatic, not with any self-entitled overtones. Their social media person asked me to email him directly outlining what happened. Less than two days later, he wrote me, with the owner copied in, apologizing and offering to send me a gift certificate for dinner for two! This update is not to say "Woohoo! I got a free meal." It's just an appreciation for when a restaurant is willing to own up to a mistake and try to make up for it. It also sounds like because of me, they will remember to make sure all servers are aware of promotions like that. And when I did go back for my free meal, that same server was there, lol. Luckily I had another server who was a lot warmer and approachable.
5	I had a lunch meeting here yesterday and had to wait for my clients to arrive so I got to watch the active so to speak for a few minutes. I have got to say what a fab little place with great customer service!  The staff greeted the regulars by first name and were extremely welcoming everyone coming in the door.  The food was great, the wine list was extensive  and i was told by my client that they make the best drinks in town!  I was not expecting too much from the cob salad I had but is was fresh and they did not skimp on the toppings.  I can't wait to go again.
4	Everything about the experience here is really good.  Maybe nothing unique & signature that will make you say "I ABSOLUTELY MUST go back there", but everything was well doneGrade A service. Had a reservation, got seated immediately and by a friendly hostess. Water was poured within a minute and server was there shortly thereafter.  Service was attentive and super-friendly & helpful.Nice atmosphere - classy casual, just enough energy.Great beer list for me and nice wine special for wifey.Her almond crusted tilapia was really good (so she said) and an enormous portion - leftovers for dinner the next night. My house pasta (steak and shrimp over pasta in a not-too-heavy garlicky butter sauce) was also terrific.Dessert menu looked good, but we were stuffed.We'll be back.
5	Food is always good.  Tilapia excellent.  Bread pudding always ordered. Service attentive. Always on our agenda when we are in Phoenix.
5	We were visiting Phoenix and needed somewhere to share an Easter dinner. Found the Phoenix City Grille on Yelp. It's high marks are spot on. The staff was very helpful and friendly. They maintain a family run atmosphere (working in a family biz  I appreciate that) and the food was perfect. Even some of our more picky eaters were excited about their meals. We had six very satisfied diners. It is always a good sign to leave a restaraunt feeling elevated by the experience. P.S. the corn cakes really are incredible!
5	The "Cheers" of central Phoenix.
4	I had my birthday dinner here tonight with the family and it was fairly good. I got there 30 minutes early and decided to have a happy hour drink at the bar. Well.... their definition of well drink is a little different than most places, for example, they do not offer a well margarita.....pretty odd. The bartender was terse and I did not care for him. Anyway, as my family arrived we decided to sit down. We had made a reservation through open table and they accommodated our party of 12, so that is a positive. The food was good, not amazing, but solid. My family is big into sharing so I got to try the beef tenderloin (good and came with a tasty chipotle potato), the chicken special (chicken with green chile and really good goat cheese polenta), the pork tenderloin (this was maybe the best thing, it had a really flavorful sauce and horseradish mashed potatoes), and the ribs (flavorful, but a little drier than I prefer). We also split Caesar salads which were tasty, they had very well seasoned croutons. The service was good considering our large party size and it was an enjoyable place to have a large party. I kind of think of it in terms of a wedding....a lot of wedding food isn't amazing but it works because it works for big groups....I think this place is like that. I probably wouldn't go here for a date, but I would come here with a big group again.
4	Phoenix City Grill is a great lunch spot!! However, the presentation of food is much better when dining in. The to-go boxes and packing is not as nice as one would expect.
4	We keep coming back! I love this place. The food is always so good and even when I ask the kitchen for the naked cheeseburger, they make it pretty. And its delish and I love me a cheeseburger. This last time I ordered a vodka tonic and asked the bartender to surprise me - either Belvedere or Ketel. Back came the most frosty delicious Belvedere vodka tonic. Perf. The lovely, as prefers, mans up to the filet. And is always happy, sipping his pinot alongside.. I just wanted to say, yum. And we'll keep coming back. Thanks PCG.
4	Walked up in here with an empty spot in my belly.. knowing that only one thing would be able to fill this void.. Burger.Ordered me a damn PCG Burger medium with fries.. and immediately wished I had asked for a rare preparation. I think our server was some sort of Sookie Stackhouse fairy or some shit cuz that burger came to me lightly seared n delicious. Fuckin fried jalepenos, and some green pepper saucy shit all over that beast. I ate, and laughed loudly with a coworker, and equipment rep.. we pretended we were cavemen huddled around a fire.. dirty, our wives locked up in their respective caves.PCG did it. They did it right. Our hostess looked like the lady from the pit in Army of Darkness though.. just a little shorter-One-
2	If you pay with a credit card, save the receipt and check your statement.We met friends at PCG for happy hour. We put the bill on a credit card, our friends left the tip in cash. When the credit card statement came in, PCG had added a 30% tip on top of the bill we paid. We disputed the charge. Now the bank gets to duke it out with the restaurant. We won't be back.This is not the first time I've experienced arrogance at this establishment. I met a colleague at PCG for lunch. When we didn't leave immediately after paying the bill, the waitress told us to move to the bar. It was offensive. I should've taken the hint then. But I decided to give it a second chance. There won't be a third.I live in the neighborhood and have been to PCG regularly over the years, so I'm not a stranger. Considering the competition in that area, you'd think they'd treat their patrons with less contempt. If PCG loses business, it won't be due to the economy.
5	One of my favorites, eat here all the time. Locals restaurant. Great service, friendly and efficient servers. Food is exceptional from the steak tacos to the burgers and daily specials. The owner Sheldon is always there which is why it is so successful. Ask for Amy, Jose,Becca or Natalie. Sunday brunch is great too. Wish I could give it more than 5 stars. The best of the best!!!!!!!
4	Grilled corn cake appetizer is a must.   Two corn cake pancakes surround chicken, cheese, and other fillings.  Otherwise, everything else was good.Salad, drinks, spicy chicken sandwich, chicken tortilla soup.I feel like everything was about $3 over-priced.Really nice service.
5	This has been a staple since I moved to Phoenix and has never disappointed. From the service, which is always informative, patient (and kind, as my dining companion is always ponderous over the menu) and thorough. No detail is left out. The food is consistent, flavorful and diverse. Best black bean soup in town! I recently revisited after a brief hiatus and discovered, to my delight, their Wedge salad that I donned with beef tenderloin. It easily disappeared in record time. I only stopped to take sips of my filthy vodka martini.I am always reminded that this place can fit any occasion, from a romantic dinner to a night out with friends. They are always eager to accommodate! Brunch is nice and mellow as well. If you're ever looking for a neighborhood staple, this should be in your rotation.
4	Walking into PCG on a recent Sunday for brunch, I wasn't sure what to expect.  The place was pretty much empty.  Coming off a few less than stellar recent brunch attempts at other local spots (why is it so hard to find good Eggs Benedict!?), I took this to be a less than favorable sign about the meal ahead...  Well, I was wrong...  PCG served some of my favorite things!A mimosa with fresh-squeezed OJ started things off nicely.   :) On to an appetizer - yes, even brunch deserves an appetizer!  I was happy to see Jumbo Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp on the menu.  Now that Wildfish no longer serves them, I have been hunting for a new favorite.  These were delicious - 4 large shrimp, stuffed with cojita cheese and wrapped in bacon - perfect with the accompanying chipotle-lime aioli.And last, the main event.  The Tenderloin Eggs Benedict was fantastic.  Two English muffins graced with generous slices of medium-rare tenderloin, poached (not overdone - hooray!) eggs and tangy hollandaise.  This masterpiece came with diced breakfast potatoes (not greasy at all!) and a small bowl of fresh fruit.  Yum!  Thank you, PCG, for renewing my faith in brunch.
4	Been here numerous times over the years and it is consistently good. Nice selection to choose from, and always well presented. My lunch companion ordered the salmon which she said was delicious, and would still be talking about it into next week! I opted for the roasted beet salad with grilled chicken. I know....booorrring. But the greens were fresh, the chicken grilled to perfection, and best of all, the salad wasn't swimming in dressing.We split a piece of the peach cobbler cheesecake. Our taste buds were absolutely jumping for joy. It was to die for!Lots of locals frequent this place - and often. It's located in a strip mall in an area that is undergoing a revitalization. Don't let that stop you from trying this place. You won't be disappointed.
5	Had dinner here yesterday (a Sunday) for my 31st birthday.  Spoke with Sheldon beforehand to reserve the private dining room for "20-25" people.  After some hesitation on his part, he agreed to not requiring a set menu, and I agreed that my party would be patient with the service (which did not end up being a problem at all).  He also did not require a deposit, which was fantastic.I got there later than I wanted to, as I wanted to arrive a little before my reservation, but I got there exactly at 7:00 p.m.  After saying hello to some friends who had already arrived and were waiting in the bar, our table in the private dining room was ready after just a few moments.  We went in and began sitting down - the private dining room is off to the side of the restaurant (beyond the bar area) and was great for our party of 20.  There is a men's and women's restroom at the end of the dining room which was great as well, and the tables were organized well enough that it felt like we were eating at a single grand dining table.Service was very good, especially considering the amount of people we had and that they were willing to do separate checks.  After getting our drinks ordered and delivered (which took about half an hour), we ordered. For appetizers, the table had the hummus, but a few others ordered the green chile queso (very unique and good), the fried eggplant bites (I was hesitant about the goat cheese as I'm not a big fan, but there is not that much and it just enhance the flavors of the whole dish, which was good), and the bacon-wrapped shrimp (YUM).  All of it was good.Personally, I also had a cup of the black bean soup (very good, especially if you cannot get enough black beans like myself).  My entree was the surf n' turf pasta, which was really flavorful.  You get two shrimps, which were decent sized, and two medallions of beef, which were cooked well but not overdone.  The fettucine was not al dente but still had a good texture, and the sauce was not buttery/overwhelming.  Everything felt/tasted complimentary, which was a good thing!We finished things off with their version of chocolate cake, and they had a pumpkin cheesecake which was interesting, but I would have preferred regular cheesecake.  Anyways, I wanted to thank the staff here for a great birthday dinner.  Everything tasted great, the service was good and prompt (I don't believe there was a single issue, which is amazing considering they had 20 people all ordering something totally different, without a set menu), and we all had a great time.  We got started a little after 7:00, and we were done a little before 9:40 (from what I can remember).  For 20 people all ordering drinks and food, that was some efficient service!I would definitely recommend PCG for a big dining party.  They were courteous, professional, and accomodating.  Fantastic place with very good food!  Thanks!
5	Been here multiple times and the food is always good!  Generous salads, burgers, pasta, desserts, even the house wines are quality.  Nice for groups as you can still hear each other at a table but not so quiet that you feel everyone is listening.  Service is just the right amount of attentiveness and they are able to answer questions which is something not often seen nowadays.There is a back room for groups, have been there too and it is a nice meeting area away from the main restaurant so presentations are okay.Parking is fantastic as the restaurant is located at the end of a strip mall.Recommend.
3	I went to PCG on Sunday and had the Pork Benedict with Cornbread, which sounded fabulous but was only OK.  The Bloody Marys were delish but really spicy.  We sat outside and enjoyed the good weather but I really wish my breakfast had been more delish.  I will try it again but hope to land on something really good!
4	What a pleasant surprise.  I selected PCG for a business dinner this week and all of us were thrilled with the meal, atmosphere and service. I tried the plank salmon which was wonderful.  Two of us had meals that included the mashed potatoes with horseradish and agreed the flavor was excellent.  I admit that as I approached the strip center on 16th street I wondered if I had made a mistake, only to be rewarded by my guests with compliments for the choice. I will return.
5	The atmosphere and the food were exactly what I was seeking. Very comfortable and well priced. They were more that happy to make any changes I desired when I wanted to substitute sides. I can't wait to go back.  I had one of their well-designed burgers - it didn't need a drop of ketchup. The posole soup was also very much on spot. I subbed in the arugula and beet salad and it was a perfect side to that big burger. The hardest part may be not trying some of the other interesting restaurants in this part of Phoenix.
4	Let me start out by saying that my ONLY critique and the ONLY reason I didn't give them five stars, is I made reservations on Open Table and because of a lot of people lingering in the restaurant, they put us in the bar.  But, I have to say that really turned out to be not a bad thing as our server was excellent, the food was excellent and the wine was smooth and wondeful.  I had their 16th St short rib stew (and kuddos that you have a small portion option) and it was scrumptious.  I practically licked the plate and you always know its a winner when I don't offer to have anyone taste my dish.  It had been a long time since we were there and I doubt if it will be a long time before we go back.
5	What a place for brunch. $4 drinks are fantastic. Their tenderloin egg Benedict and sea food sandwich is heavenly. Wish we had such a place in Los Angeles.
4	Fabulous restaurant. Went with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch and it was fantastic from the moment we walked in. Our waitress was incredibly friendly (and even commented on how pretty I was - MAJOR tip for her obviously). The atmosphere was relaxed with a dim setting and apparently very popular for Sunday brunch (it even has its own menu). If you get to stop by, order the chicken tortilla soup or the egg benedict. DELICIOUS!
5	Love this restaurant! It's our first time in but would definitely come again...our waitress was wonderful. She helped us to choose the bacon wrapped shrimp as our appetizer, the shrimp are huge and absolutely delicious. We also had the crispy eggplant bites very good too. All 4 of us enjoyed our entrees...portions were perfect which left us room for dessert! We shared the bread pudding, the chocolate torte and the buttermilk pie all three were delicious. A perfect night out in a perfect city!
4	Went here for late dinner with friends upon the recommendation of a local.  Unassuming location in a strip mall.  Parking lot was crowded.  Inside was bustling.  Menu had small plates, salads, sandwiches and entrees.  Nice, balanced, without being overwhelming selection.  Burgers were well prepared.  Queso dip was great.  The corncake appetizer was unusual and popular with our group.  Full bar.  Attentive, friendly service.  Prices fair for portion size and quality.  Very nice experience.
3	Locally owned, place with great bred, however their chef could have planned better They were out of both the first main dish and side I ordered for lunch.Due to this I ended up with a "crispy egg plant sandwich" with a side salad as my side." $11  Given the size and lack of inspiration with this dish I feel that the value was not there, this lac of solid value seemed consistent across the board. The taste was decent nothing amazing or terrible.I am in no rush to go back.
5	Love that this is a locally-owned place and they never disappoint for date night for us! I always get the amazing pot roast - some of the best I've ever had! My husband usually gets the chicken & pasta dish or pot roast and swears by both of them. The bread pudding (and I'm not normally a fan) is truly out of this world and the perfect end to dinner! They must have an incredible staff as we've never had anything but excellent service there.
5	The eggplant bites are amazing!  Everything we tried on our first visit was top notch and very reasonable. I am so impressed with/obsessed with their buttermilk pie that I found a recipe online and baked one at home.  Pales in comparison to theirs!  We'll definitely be back soon!
4	Came here last night with a group of 5 of us last night for some dinner and cocktails, we didn't make a reservation but were able to grab a bar table without a wait.  This place is really nice inside; not what you would expect to find when you realize it's nestled inside of a strip mall.  Our server was actually the bartender and he was impressive, very quick and knowledgeable.  I had a late lunch so I wasn't looking for a large meal so I ordered the soup and salad combination.  The chicken tortilla soup here is to die for!  My friend loved it so much she actually ordered a second helping.  My boyfriend had the ribs and said they were amazing.  It's a bit out of the way for me, but I would certainly like to come back sometime and try out an entree.  Overall I would definitely recommend coming here!
1	After making a dinner reservation for two, arrived to find several people waiting.  We waited 15 mins past our reservation time and with no other choice, were seated at an after-thought, tv tray-sized table crammed into the corner behind the frosted glass partition at the front door.  On top of that lovely description, every time someone went in or out the door, it slammed against the glass and sounded like a gunshot.  This was enjoyed during our one drink and appetizer before leaving.  So if you're a party of two, be forewarned.
2	Disappointing. Burger was cooked properly but lean and dry. Cole slaw was bland and Chili was essentially pork and beans without the pork. Good bar with great selection of tap beers. Sorry. Just not great food.
5	Phoenix City Grille is one of our favorite restaurants. They just received glowing praise from Check Please on Chanel 8.They deserve every one of the complements they received in by the reviewers! Click the link to see the video review.http://www.azpbs.org/checkplease/segments/restaurant.php?id=5441&utm_source=January+25th&utm_campaign=Check+Please!&utm_medium=socialshare
4	We stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. The food is great and the service was good too. If you stop in, remember that there is parking in the back, it is pretty hard to park in the front.
3	Nice place, love that it is non-chain and locally owned.  My dish was a layered chicken enchilada. It was delicious. I am dinging a star because it was barely tepid. I like my hot food hot! I was with a small group and did not want to make a fuss by sending it back. Love the decor and menu and will definitely give it another whirl. The service was excellent.
4	I chose a cup of black bean soup and the beet salad with chicken. Hubby ordered a cup of chili and the green chile burger. Both soups had just the right spice - they had heat to enhance the taste but it wasn't over done. I absolutely loved my salad and I was told the burger was worth the $13. Holding off on the 5th star until 2nd visit and hopefully a repeat performance.
3	The appetizers were very good. I enjoyed the much raved about "Griddled Corn Cakes" The queso was also unique and delicious.The butter lettuce wedge salad was so delicious. They even chopped it for me to make it easier to eat.The pork tenderloin was so tender and moist. I"m not a huge fan of this dish in general, but they made me a fan.They keep things interesting by having specials daily.The servers seemed very novice. They did not remember drink orders, I found it unusual they would walk away then come right back and ask again what we said.Went on a Monday Night at 730pm. It was definitely still active at that time. I imagine weekends must be crazy.The food and atmosphere was excellent, I was a little disappointed in the service. Otherwise would have given 4 stars.
5	I found this restaurant in Yelp.  I have to say it lives up to my high demanding standard.  First of all, the atmosphere is just right if you are looking for a decent place to go for a dinner gathering.  I have ordered the "Arizona Cowboy Steak", it is not cheap but I guarantee you will find every penny worth.  I have it cooked in medium rare.  The meat is so tender and juicy.  You can taste the freshness.  I finishing my dinner with "Bailey Cheesecake" as the dessert.  This is the highlight of the dinner, the cake is so great, not to sweet and you can taste the favor of bailey.  I am looking forward to visit the restaurant again..... always support good restaurant with heart in making great meal.
4	My bf and I headed here last Friday night after we decided some normal, comfort food was in order after scoping out a few other trendy places downtown on Yelp.While I typically don't like restaurants located in a strip mall, this location didn't seem to 'mallish' and there was ample parking. We arrived around 8:30pm and the place seemed pretty busy with an older crowd. I think we were probably the youngest people in there. Old people know where good food is :) The patio seating might get a bit old with people walking in-between tables so we opted for something inside.The atmosphere was dark but yet inviting. We were greeted by a smiling hostest and seated as soon as we walked in. Our waitress came around quickly and gave us water and we had just the right amount of time to decide we would try the Crispy Eggplant bites for an appetizer and Baby Back ribs for me with a twice baked potato rather than fries and my bf's Grilled Pork Tenderloin. Having never had fried eggplant I envisioned almost chip like wedges of eggplant but these were more like patties. And OMG were they good! There were only 3 and we definitely fought over the last one and savored every bite!I'm not usually a girl who orders ribs but these were definitely good. The sauce was unique, a little smokey but not too much but they had really good flavor. The coleslaw was really good, reminded me of KFC with a small punch of ginger and the twice baked potato put a smile on my face. Totally not on the diet but I didn't care. My bf was really happy with his pork tenderloin and the small piece I had was really good. He continued to comment throughout the meal how good it was so I know he liked it a lot.To further ruin my diet, we ordered the warm chocolate torte. It was good but one of those really strong, flour-less bunt cakes and they usually aren't my favorite.Overall, between the atmosphere, food and service, this is definitely a place we will come back to!
5	This restaurant really does it right!  Really good food and great service!We started with the Beet Salad and just had to try a small Tomato Soup, both of which were absolutely delicious!  We also split the Hummus, which was probably one of the best hummus dips I've ever had.  Then we shared the Crispy Eggplant Sandwich and it did not disappoint one bit.    We totally enjoyed our whole experience at Phoenix City Grille.  The service couldn't have been any better.  The gal was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend this restaurant and I can't wait to return to try other items on their menu.
2	Ambiance is nice but the food lacks taste and is overpriced.. I also found it interesting that the waitress couldn't remember our order to save her life. Came back on several occasions to ask what we ordered.
4	Very good place.  NIce romantic ambience.  Great wines, and good food. Small parking area, but okay.  Good place to meet with your business clients.
4	Looooove the griddled corn cakes!The first time I came I made the mistake of ordering a salad...not that the salad wasn't good, it was just that I ended up wishing I had ordered a whole griddled corn cake for my entree instead after having a taste of it as an appetizer. The second time I came that was exactly what I did and I left very satisfied. Actually, any of their "corn" food items are delicious--try the corn bread that comes with the soup--also absolutely amazing!I tend to find everything else I've tried a bit too salty or oily to my taste (for example, the bacon wrapped shrimp and the crispy eggplant sandwich), but seriously, the corn bread and cake makes up for it alllll.
5	Unique and wonderful - classic dishes with a local flavor. Southwestern, but not "cowboy" or "Mexican"Be sure to try the Johnny Cakes - it was much more impressive than what I was expecting
5	This is one of the few places I can go and almost everything on the menu looks and tastes delicious. The corn cakes and ribs are two of my favorites, but I have never been disappointed. Prickly pear iced tea is excellent also. The atmosphere is nice and dim with cozy booths and prompt servers. This is one of my regular places :)
2	I have always enjoyed dinner with friends at Phoenix City Grille. I had never tried Happy Hour there so a friend and I decided to give it a try. We sat for almost 10 minute at bar before we were asked if we'd like a drink. The Green Chile Queso Fundido was quite tasty. We intended to order a few other items but We had to pry the bartenders to return for refills and food that we decided to leave and continue Happy Hour elsewhere. Keep you posted on our return to PCG...
5	Continue to be impressed with the very creative weekend specials....a really good restaurant with a unique neighborhood vibe.  Not pretentious, just great food, served well.....highly recommended.
5	I don't know why we waited so long to go back to Phoenix City Grill!! It's been close to 2 yrs and we really liked it the first time we were there.It's even better than we remembered!!!  I tried the mandarin mule drink and loved it. very refreshing!!!The green chile queso was yummy!!!Hubby had a chicken dish and I had the short rib special. Um...we will be back!!!!!
3	It had been several years since I'd been here and had been wanting to go back when I happened to run into the manager at another establishment and he told me they remodel the place so I went the following day which was last night.I sat at the bar and waited at least 10+ minutes for someone to come over to take my order when a regular customer next to me finally flagged the bartender down.  I was told there were 2 bartenders and it seemed like they were responsible for the tables in the bar as well.  He was nice but I had to go through the waiting and flagging him down every time I wanted a drink, to order food and to get my bill.  He never checked on me or asked how everything was. The bar was also dirty from the last customer and he didn't wipe it down before bringing me my drink.I had a martini and a glass of wine which both were very nice.  I also had the bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed with cheese and it was so YUMMY!  It was the only thing I ordered but I do remember the food always being very good.  The decor and vibe was very nice and comfortable. PCG would have gotten another star if it weren't for the lack and lackluster service.  I will definitely go back but I'm hoping the service will have improved.
4	I just happened to be in the area on an early Sunday eve and was looking for something fairly light and something different. I pulled up my Yelp app and this was one of the local places that pulled up. I saw "griddle corn cakes" and they looked just right. I ordered for a pick-up and my husband and I went in to wait the 5-10minutes for it to be ready. The bartenders, host, and waitresses were all very friendly and attentive. We had a good conversation with one of the regulars at the bar and got the food. It looked so good, we just pulled into a parking spot and ate it right there. The corn cakes were delicious. They had chicken and cheese, black beans and salsa. I don't usually write reviews every time I try new places, but I must give credit where credit is due. I will be back there again to try some of their other items. Can't wait.
5	My husband and I ate at Phoenix City Grille for the first time on Friday night and we loved it! As we walked in the door we were greeted with a quality aroma that you just don't get from a typical grill. All we knew is that we had to try the ribs and we were glad we did! I had the crusted fish and it was fantastic! The menu had many different price options and that was nice too because sometimes you just want a burger! I think another reason why we will come back is because I saw many gluten free items on the menu. We have a son with Celiac so finding a safe place to feed him is priceless! Also love the combustible to go box!
4	Very nice. We entered through the back door, which had us pass through the kitchen, past the bar, and up to the host stand. Restaurant is tastefully decorated with lots of comfortable seating.The crispy eggplant sandwich is wonderful. The eggplant is definitely crisp, not soggy, and the accompanying goat cheese is just the right amount of creamy, rich texture and flavor without weighing the sandwich down. The sweet potato fries are also seasoned perfectly.The chipotle BBQ burger is really good. The onion rings on the burger are fantastic, but the overall burger is a little too salty for my personal taste. Still, it was very nice, and the french fries are good.Service was pretty good. We had a nice time and I think we'll definitely be back.
4	Great food. Never really a long wait. A lot of old people though. The staff is just ok. If you ask for something say you don't want in a dish they get incredibly nervous even though you know they can do it every single time haha.
5	First of all...we were a group of 17-18 women. Our ONE waitress was able to keep on top of all our requests.  Natalie is AMAZING!I started off with the Maple Glazed Candied Bacon cinnamon roll. A very tasty treat. It's a must try and must share. I'm so glad I shared with everybody because I wouldn't have been able to have my everso tasty Seafood Sandwich. Talk about YUM! Shrimp and Crab with scrambled eggs, asparagus and hollandaise sauce. They were light on the sauce which I really appreciated. When we first pull up, from the looks of the outside and the name Grille, I thought I was overdressed. Walking in told me I was glad I dressed a little nicer than I normally would. The inside and atmosphere was perfect for a Sunday afternoon brunch with the girls.I have to end with our waitress, Natalie, again. Awesome! I asked her to choose a dessert for me because I couldn't decide. She brought back the luscious Croissant Bread Pudding. Buttery and carmely. Rich and another one to share! She was right on with that one!Definitely give this place a try!
5	My coworker and I stumbled upon this place looking for a nice place to eat near our hotel. Everything was fantastic! Our waitress, Kathryn, was well informed and was able to give us recommendations based on our preferences. We even had a great chat when the restaurant was slow. We both tried the green chili posole special, and loved the presentation and flavors. For our entrees, we recommend both the roasted beet salad and the grilled beef tenderloin (especially the chipotle cheddar stuffed potato side). Our waitress offered us a complimentary dessert for our first visit and highly recommended the croissant bread pudding, which was amazing. My coworker was very impressed by the gluten-free options on the menu, as her husband is gluten intolerant. As I am a frequent Phoenix visitor, I will definitely be returning. Thanks for the great service and meal.
4	We had an amazing Valentine's Day dinner here this year. All the food was amazing. Warning!: The homemade margarita is more like a shot! Very delicious but very dangerous! ;)
5	The taco appetizers were amazing!  We loved everything!  Topped it off with pumpkin cheesecake....amazimg!
4	The Phoenix City Grill was described by friends as their local "Cheers" bar. Well, I have to tell you something. Although a Norm *does* frequent this joint I'd rather come here ANY day over the tv version. This place is swank! (Sorry friends. Your description needs tweaking.)I met my friends at the bar area. I parked out back and walked in via the kitchen area. I did NOT, however, realize I would be walking through a full on kitchen. NOPE. I closed the door in confusion. Double-checked the sign outside that said, "Enter Here" and proceeded. A very understanding employee provided me "directions" to the bar. The bar zig zags around to the hostess stand. This is nice so everyone is not lined up like soldiers and conversations flows. There are standing height tables in the bar area as well. The restaurant section has booths (noted on the way to the bathroom) and copious seating. There is also a private room for events behind the elegant wall of wine.Using the company's weekly email we scored a free appetizer. The "Red chile pork tacos" come two to a plate and are divine. Grilled pork tenderloin w/chipotle aioli & pineapple fennel salsa. YUM.Having had a late lunch I could not possibly justify a decadent dinner. But I desperately wanted to after the tacos. Alas, no. Instead, I enjoyed a mouthwatering cup of the daily soup (Friday is the chicken tortilla). The group shared something called "Crispy Eggplant Bites". Goodness!Red pepper relish, goat cheese, arugula and a sherry vinaigrette are layered over a crispy heavenly crunchy shell. What this heaven is made of I should have asked. But no, I was too busy inhaling to inquire. (Four to a plate. Big enough for a group to share. IMO. However, I could see a tipsy person opting not to. This stuff is seriously good!)I also fork sampled my neighbor's plate "The Original Griddled Corn Cakes". This is a neat mixture of sweet, spice and well, cheese. And I like cheese!I'd say I'd come back and eat these things again. But NO. I want to try different things *next* time. Brunch looks a-m-a-z-i-n-g. So does lunch. And all the great entrees I had to pass on. (Aww man!)With a full belly I understood the "Cheers" reference. You come here repeatedly. If you sit in the bar area look for Jose, JP & David. All three bartenders seamlessly moved between guests without missing a beat. Our glasses were never empty.  Even though we were waited on by all three of them service was transparent.Oh! And keep an eye out for the owner, Sheldon. He's making the rounds and greeting guests too!This place is super popular for good reason. If you're coming for a special occasion or with a larger group (which they can readily accommodate) I'd recommend a reservation.
5	Well I made it back, this time with coworkers. One who is pretty particular. Food was great and the service was good. Tried bread pudding for dessert and left feeling very satisfied.
5	On west side of street. Turn in 1 st entrance.  It is a one way driveway in front of the building. If u turn in 2nd entrance there is no way to get back around. Macha stuffed green chile tacos! OMG...  Hummus plate is the best!  BBQ ribs pretty tasty... skewers are not bad either...  GC tacos and Hummus are my picks!  Had these things on  happy hour...  nice place, good service, good food!
3	Beware of the high cost of corn bread.  My husband and I have been to Phoenix City Grille twice before.  It's really great.  They have a wonderful happy hour and we went for brunch on Easter of last year when our first place brought out a plate of food that had gum on the plate.  (Rule #1 - Never put your gum on the plate.  It doesn't wash off or scrape off that easily. You are a lowly human being if you put your gum on your plate or linen napkin.  Use a disposable napkin or tissue.  Karma will pay back the people who leave gum on plates.)  Our first two trip to Phoenix City Grille were great.  Friendly staff, delicious food, reasonably priced, and truly great happy hour.  This past visit left a lot to be desired.  Our server was friendly enough, (I believe her name was Sonya).  We ordered our drinks which she brought out quickly.  We ordered our food, and then waited.  The table next to us that was sat after us got there food first.  Not that big of a deal.  Then we asked for some cornbread.  Both times we were there before it was brought out to the table just a few pieces for my husband and I to enjoy.  We thought it was odd we had to ask for it.  She offered us individual pieces, or a skillet.  We asked or a skillet.  At no point did she mention that a skillet of corn bread was $10.  It wasn't until we got the bill and had to track down a manager that we learned if you order (yes order) the corn bread in individual pieces, then it is free.  However they charge for a skillet. I don't recall seeing anything on the menu that said cornbread in a skillet - $10.  The manager was gracious enough to reverse this over sight, but we did not see our server again for the rest of the time we were at Phoenix City Grille.  Another server, not even the manager who resolved our cornbread issue brought us our check, ran the card, and returned the check for us to sign. Things happen.  Sonya didn't mention the up charge for whatever reason, we disagreed that we had never had that happen before, and the she vanished.  I was a server for years.  People don't always agree with how a business is run, and it's the job of the front line (the servers and front of the house staff) to inform guest of what things cost wither by having a price on a menu, or by telling them up front.  I'm disappointed that the felt she had to run away from us. We'll go back, but now we know, beware of the cornbread up charge.
5	The food here is amazing. I can't believe that this was only my first time. The price is very reasonable. I am one that usually leaves some on my plate, and there was no way that I was going to leave anything behind. It was delicious.
5	Loved.This.Place. Awesome candlelit ambience, spacious seating options, and friendly service.  Well-sorted menu with vegetarian and seafood options (yay me). Deschutes Brewery Porter. Affordable price point.
5	My husband and I have frequented Phoenix City Grille since it opened about 16 years ago.  The atmosphere and food has been consistently great, qualities we look for being from Chicago.  PCG ranks as our #1 restaurant for any time dining due to these attributes.  We generally sit in the bar area and find all the bartenders knowledgeable and friendly.   Usually conversations occur with other patrons and we're always willing to make recommendations on appetizers and dishes we have loved for many years.  Even after the owners remove an item from their delightful menu, we can still ask for a "version" of that item and PCG accommodates us.  There's a great selection of wines and liquors and the bartenders' recommendations are most helpful.  We enjoy brunch at PCG on Saturdays and Sundays because of the really pleasant atmosphere and super good food--rather it be on the brunch menu or just the regular menu.  We never leave other than very satisfied.  We are both "seniors" over 65 but feel like we're in our 30s at PCG!
5	My girlfriend and I tried this place out the other night as we were on a date. The atmosphere, service, and food were all great. We joked that our waiter was a ninja, because he was constantly on top of refilling our drinks and such without us even noticing. Big portions of food are given. We could have shared a plate between the two of us. We could only finish half of our sandwiches, so I had a whole sandwich to take home at the end of the night.
5	I've been going here since it opened. The menu has changed over the years, but the quality of food has not. I had the braised short rib for dinner. My wife had the pollo asado. Both were delicious. I've never seen pollo asado served on the bone, but it was a nice surprise. The restaurant only has about 20 tables, so it can be crowded, especially for large groups, but well worth any wait you have.
5	Corn cakes. Yum.
4	After a rough start of not having a reservation acknowledged which was made a week in advance, and being seated in the entrance to the kitchen, dinner was great.  I just can't understand why there always has to be drama to deal with here.  After being moved to a nice table in the dining room, getting a great waitress and a perfect meal, it was a very nice Valentine's dinner spot.  I hope to see this special on their menu again as my husband and I both really loved it.   It was Grilled Sea Bass with a champagne sauce, strawberry salsa and jasmine rice cakes.  The chef even shared his grilled sea bass secret with me.
4	Have been coming here for about 4 years.  The food has always been delicious.  Our personal favorites are the Butter Lettuce Wedge, the 16th Street Beef Short Rib, the Smoked Baby Back Ribs, the Rose Lane Chicken and the Turkey Reuben.  Their croissant bread pudding is also one of the best desserts I've ever had.  The service can be hit or miss, but we've never had any major issues.    I feel like a restaurant really needs to be perfect to get 5 stars.  I would say this is more of a 4.4 star review.  They are consistently very good.  It also pays to get on their email list for free appetizers and desserts.
5	I've lived in Phoenix since 1997 and finally got to Phoenix City Grille.  Great food, great atmosphere and service.
5	For many years, PCG has been the favorite restaurant of my wife and myself.  We have gone for lunches, happy hours, dinner, or just stopped in for drinks or coffee and dessert. The ambience is elegant and inviting.  The food is wonderful to taste and artfully presented.  The service, either at table or at the bar, has never been less than superior. The prices are moderate - some of my friends have suggested prices are on the high side, but great food and drinks with terrific service is not cheap, and I have never had reason to complain. We regularly dine at a number of the restaurants that have opened in the North Central area in the past several years, and while each has unique and positive attributes, PCG has become our benchmark, against which all others are measured.Well done, Phoenix City Grille!  We will be coming back.
5	This is an update to my last review. The service is MUCH better. Sat at the bar & they check in on you regularly and are very nice. The bacon wrapped shrimp is OUTSTANDING. It is a must to try. I definitely recommend this place.
4	This is the 2nd time we've been here and we were not at all disappointed with the food or service. The menu was different than the 1st time we came 2 years ago and they tried to sit us in the corner, the only reasons I didn't give a 5.
5	This is a local joint for me, and my wife and I have been here many times.  We drive by all the time and they always look busy (parking is not the easiest).  But we went in last night and WOW - AMAZEBALLS!  Was really good, ambience is great, staff top notch and attentive - just the way I like it.  We started with the eggplant arugula and goat cheese appetizer. Sounds disgusting, I know, but WOW - delicious.  Also had the steak tacos, which were really good with two different sauces to choose from.  Add a glass of the house Syrah and wowza!~  We also got the Cowboy steak (mostly to take home for steak tacos in the morning) and another home run.At the end of the day, we looked at each other and said "WHY DON WE COME HERE MORE OFTEN".  So, with that being said, we are going to be there more often.  This place is right up there with Hillstone for me (which as some of you might know), is my #1 Arizona hangout.  One recommendation would be to beef up you Pinot selection.  That seemed to be lacking, and didn't love the ones that were available after sampling those.Go there are try this place, I don't think you will regret it.  Tell them Attorney Steve sent you! HahahahaHave fun, and find your sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
5	I was introduced to PCG by a friend of mine, who frequents this establishment. After my first visit, the staff was so friendly I felt like family. I haven't had a bad thing from their menu, and the happy hour is right on the money!
5	By far one of the best spots in Phoenix!  After going here at least 12 times each month over the last 3 years, my wife and I are still loving every meal!  The bar area has a cool vibe and the happy hour deals are great.  Ownership is constantly improving the concept of PCG which secures this restaurant as our favorite in town.
3	I ordered a half chicken and potatoes. I was surprised to have received a half of a gaming hen chicken. I was very good, but i was wanting more. Small portions.
5	I used to live in the area and came here frequently....and it was always phenomenal, but it has been a bit since I have been here.   This past weekend I decided to surprise my wife with an anniversary dinner here and we couldn't have been happier.  I made reservations about a week in advance and they were ready with a great table when we arrived. Our server was attentive without hovering and we never felt like we were being rushed. PCG has many choices and everything I have had has been wonderful. Saturday we both had the special steak of the day. The steak was delicious and the red pepper potatoes even better! They have a nice wine selection and the Old Vine Zin we tried was very nice.
2	We needed a bite to eat and came here mid-Saturday afternoon.  Based on Yelp reviews, I was expecting better.   There were only one or two other parties in the restaurant and it took the waitress a rather long time to get to us.  I understand there was only waitress on at the time but the hostess and bartender were chatting at the bar while we waited for someone to pay attention to us.  My chicken was overcooked.  It was flavorful but tough. My wasabi mashed potatoes were tasty although there was no hint of wasabi whatsoever.  I had a mandarin mule that was okay but not great.  All in all, not a great experience.
5	Absolutely delicious!! This great downtown Phoenix mainstay has terrific chow and incredibly attentive service. We were warmly greeted and seated, and within minutes our server was taking our drink orders. PCG has a lovely wine list and beer menu with a few tasty cocktails as well. For an appetizer we had the recommended corn cakes with chicken, queso, and beans - superb... a hint of sweet and savory. Four different diners - four different dinners between us and each one tastier than the first. Black and blu burger with bacon on a soft burger bun was good (but a bit dry.) The chicken special was fresh and light and flavorful. The Idaho trout was delicate and perfectly complemented the roasted cauliflower and asparagus. And the pork chop was a huge mass of yum! We shared the bread pudding which was probably one of the best I've ever had. This place does get crowded and I would definitely recommend a reservation. YUM.
4	This is one of my favorite local restaurants and I always enjoy the food and service.  Their menu is terrific and has a number of great options although I find myself often ordering the Griddled Corn cakes (with bacon) for brunch or the 16th St beef short rib.    While I have never used them it appears they have some private space for larger group gatherings and the bar area is great and has a few TV's.  The service is always adequate to great and it is nice to have a restaurant that tends to have a relaxed atmosphere and is generally on the quieter side.  This is generally one of the restaurants I will take friends and family to when they are visiting as it tends to please a broad range of personalities and palettes.
5	This place is by far my favorite place to eat. My first time going there my parents took me for my bday! Their eggplant bites and corn cakes are thee best appetizers. Their bread pudding is thee best sweet thing I've ever put in my mouth! Thumbs up to this place!!
4	I've been here a number of times. They're good for lunch, dinner or drinks after work.  Food is always solid. Service can be hit and miss. I like that they have seasonal daily specials. Today I had the "catch of the day", halibut with polenta and green chili sauce. The fish needed a little something to take it to that next level. More sauce or seasoning... Good portion for lunch. I didn't feel like a nap was necessary to make it through the afternoon.Bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer is fantastic!!!
4	I have been a regular now at the Phoenix City Grille for at least 8 years.I always loved their food and service and IMHO always has been one of the better place to go during weekend restaurant rush hours.However lately the food no longer taste as exciting as it used to. I don't know if it is because the changed the chef or simply by switching ingredients.I also noticed that a lot of the regular staff seems no longer working for them, which really is a shame since must of the servers by now have get to know me.Well regardless I will continue supporting the PCG since they always have treated me with respect.The owners are nice and always friendly.Thank you PCG!
5	Outstanding!  We're visiting from Texas, and were looking for a local place. A little disappointed when we walked in, as it looks like a bar food-type cafe. But we were already here, and hungry, so we decided to "settle" for it. What a surprise! The food was absolutely world class, as was the presentation. My wife had the most generous pour of wine for the price, the best salmon she said she ever had. Highly recommended.
5	Excellent service. Beautiful place. Hubby had an excellent burger. The Eggplant sandwich with goat cheese was awesome. We will be back!!
4	Great place to go for after-work drinks. Varied happy hour menu. Very peaceful and quiet. Nice ambience. Waiter wasn't too attentive at first, but he eventually came around. The Grilled Salmon and Lemon Skewer and glass of Riesling was divine after a long day!
5	Came here for a friend's birthday,  staff was very attentive and food was excellent! I ordered the cowboy steak over beans and it was cooked perfectly.  I think we had 8 people in our party and every one of us was ranting and raving about the flavor and freshness of our dishes. My boyfriend ordered the salmon with fingerling potatoes,  delicious.  Looking forward to our next meal here....great place!
4	A really nice place, attentive service, and no complaints after five visits.  I agree with Steve V. that the eggplant appetizer is *really, really* good!  Also love the beet salad and the ribs.  Fish of the day has always been good, too.
2	Went in for Happy Hour. Food was good. Bartender was rude as could be. Curt, snarky, and a short pour on the wine. Clearly annoyed when we had a question about our bill. Shrimp was tasty, thank goodness.
5	We parked in the back and came in through a section where you can see the kitchen. That was our first wow factor as not many places want you to see back there. It was clean! Busy Friday night so we sat at the bar. Service was fairly attentive. App came out super slow; bar staff was apologetic as they had a large party being served. Drinks were kept full throughout. We had the seabass($24) special and pork tenderloin($21). Absolutely phenomenal dishes. Ordered a side of fingerling potatoes ($5) and those were very dry/overcooked and came out so late. Our bar tender picked up the tab on those. Free dessert we had the torte ($8) and weren't disappointed. Total bill with one mixed drink was $68. Worth every penny. It seems dark and uppity at first but the music sounds like it's one of the kitchen staff's ipod, which we found amazing and definitely offset the first glance of high class diners.
4	My friend and I went there for lunch yesterday.   I have been there for happy hour and dinner, but this was my first time for lunch.   I had the PCG pasta, and my friend had the small Bethany Home Salad.   The flavors for my pasta were beyond great.    The chicken consistency was a bit on the soft side.   Was it "real" chicken?    Dunno.   It was good, though.    I just found the consistency strange, as though it was chicken that was, what, retextured??   Notwithstanding that fact, I loved the sun-dried tomatoes and the broccoli along with the pasta.    There were crispy tortilla strips in my friend's salad that she didn't want so I put it on my pasta.   This is a hint to the restaurant:   Maybe put those strips on the pasta??   The crispness and flavoring of the corn tortilla strips were a nice compliment to the texture and flavoring of the pasta.   If her salad was "small," I hate to see how large the "big" salad is.   I thought it was large enough for a full meal, and she did, too.    She liked her salad.    I tasted it.    I'm not a salad person, but the dressing was good and the ingredients in the salad were appealing to the eye as well as the stomach.    Since the restaurant is sort of in the 'hood, I definitely would go there again.
1	If only zero star was available. After one sip of my drink, I wanted to leave; ordered a Coke but got a flat diet soda. I am allergic to diet soda. The food was just plainly bad. Couldn't wait to get home to use mouthwash and brush my mouth to get rid of the flavor of their food. Please, I am serious, when you want to find a place to go out to eat then go some where else. Not here.
4	I had a dinner date there. Doesn't look too pricy till you get there and you're there in an atmosphere which makes you want to spend a little more and you see their specialty drinks. Very inviting bar area. Next time I go back I want to eat and drink there. Service was pretty awesome, eggplant app was crazy good, and great location to bar hop after a nice dinner. Food was presented well, portion size was ideal, and place was clean. I liked the hints of Phoenix/Desert decor mixed in with some modern items.
5	You will not find one thing on this menu that is not crazy flavorful. Great ambiance, locally sourced food, never rushed service. Check out the corn cakes, eggplant bites, and cedar plank salmon.
5	Great good, service! Servings are large and care to presentation is evident! This restaurant deserves 5 stars!
5	OMG - just had their special:  baked cod on mashed potatoes with brussel sprouts and "mom's special bacon vinaigrette".  It was to die for - seriously one of the best fish meals ever.
5	Absolutely delicious food. We had our christmas company party there and they have a back room you can reserve for some privacy. Great service, amazing food. Will return.
5	My boyfriend and I dine out quite a bit but a few nights ago was our first visit. What a fantastic evening! The restaurant was beautifully dressed for the holidays and our waitress was by far, one of the evenings highlights. She was fun, attentive, personable, and her knowledge of the menu was helpful.  All this while managing a VERY difficult table with two of the most demanding women I have ever heard! She managed that situation with great ease and grace, when I KNOW she was dying inside!The food was magnificent. The eggplant appetizer was outstanding, as was my perfectly cooked salmon.  However, the croissant bread pudding was literally the eat dessert we have had in a very long time! Creamy, warm, perfectly balanced...sublime. We will be returning!
4	What a great place! The drinks are on the fringe of being grand. The butter beer is served hot instead of warm and the best gin they have to offfer is skol. The food is prepared very well from mesquitie grilled salmon and perfect scored grill marked steak. The polenta is superb. It was obvious the hummus was hand crafted for it contained the tell signs of a little grit. Perfectly balanced with olives and chunk of vegetables. The pita is warm and tastes of being baked in store. The bread pudding to finish it off was heavy and tasted of French toast. Unfortunately I did not taste Jack Daniel's lime whiskey in what it promised. Otherwise the server was wise and professional in our table needs. I look forward to trying the trout next time.
5	We went to Phoenix City Grill for Christmas Eve Dinner. It was busy but not rediculously so. The hostess staff were helpful and friendly. We had a reservation for 6 people and we were seated promptly. The waitress was attentive and friendly. We ordered off of the special Christmas Eve menu and off of the regular menu. Everything was cooked as ordered and everyone raved about the food. It was a nice evening and we would go back.
5	Met a colleague from work to give each other a New Year's Toast.  Excellent service from the greeter at the entrance, seating, and service.  Meals was simple but delicious:Corn Cakes, Bacon Burger with Blue Cheese dressing, Bread Pudding.  No rushing to order, minimal wait time for food, and no rush to push us out after dining.  Just as well as the Buttered Rum Special was being enjoyed by my colleague!!Overall every thing was excellent, heartily recommended!
