2	Consistently overbooked. Controlled chaos. Issues with insurance processing. Need to either stop accepting new patients or add dentists.
1	My son had his first dental experience here last August, and I have to say the staff all seemed nice and pretty competent. I was under the impression when making my appointment that yes, they did take my insurance. I gave them all my information and was never asked to submit anything else. In February(that's right, 6 months later) I got a call saying they hadn't been reimbursed by my insurance yet. They said they would continue checking in to it and call me if further information was needed. Two weeks ago, I received a letter from a collections agency telling my I owed money. A collections agency!!! And I had never even received a bill from the office!!!! I was upset, and called the office to ask again about insurance. They said yes, they did accept it but were having problems processing it. I called the insurance company and they said they had never received a claim. A week after the collections letter came I received my FIRST bill from the office. Then I received a 2nd bill from collections. I went ahead and paid the bill even though my insurance said they were covering it to stop getting the harassing letters. I called the office 2 weeks later and they said that insurance had paid them, but they had never reimbursed me. I keep getting collections letter even though the bill has been paid. They did eventually reimburse me thank goodness. I am VERY upset with the office and will not use them again. It is June and I am still not sure this issue is resolved.
5	Dr. Brenke is amazing. He always is very friendly with kids and makes sure they are comfortable and happy. My one year old fell and knocked his tooth wiggly he drove 40 min. On his day off (Sunday )) to meet me at his office to check him. With no charge at all just wanted to make sure he was fine. I would never go anywhere else. He is amazing.
5	My daughter's Dad took her to Kidz R Kool for her first checkup approximately three weeks ago, she is two and a half.  He is still talking about the experience.  He raved about the staff and how pleasant and professional they are.  He said the Dentist was top notch!  :)
5	I LOVE coming here! The entire staff is beyond friendly and super nice. It's always clean and there are toys, games, books, and a movie that can keep any kid occupied. Plus, they send text messages to remind you of your appointments.
5	To ALL Parents:My children have been going to Kidz-R-Kool with Dr. Brenke since they were 18 months old. They are 5 and 7 now and they jump up and down with excitment,  when I tell them we are going to the dentist! The staff are friendly and very sensitive to the individual needs of my children. Even the financial girls are very informative and friendly! I would definately recommend this office to anyone with children!Mayra : )
5	My grandkids love Dr.Brenke & Mathews! The staff is so amazing! Celeste is always making the kids feel special!
5	wonderful people, loved the flexibility and care. Sandra from the front desk really worked with me to make it work. I love this place, highly recommend!!!
5	We had such a great  experience at Kids-R-Kool Dentistry. Everyone was exceptionally friendly and accommodating but beyond that we felt a true sense of compassion and concern for our children's well-being. We were referred here because they specialize in dealing with children who were anxious about having dental work done.My two daughters came in for extractions and my youngest needed some cavities filled.  They both were so nervous but by the end of the day, Kids-R-Kool was their new favorite place.  They loved the fun video games in the lobby and the prizes they got at the end.  In addition, all of the staff was so great at getting them to relax and laugh and I appreciated that so much.  The icing on the cake was our experience with paying the bill.  We have no insurance and expected to pay a huge sum out of pocket for the work. After speaking with both the dentist and their payment specialist, we were able to work out payments that were incredibly accommodating.I can't say enough good things about Kids-R-Kool.  It is a truly wonderful place filled with wonderful people.
5	This office exceeds expectations in every sense of the word. They were great all around. My foster son needed a lot of dental work. They were quick and great. The doctors made him feel special and helped keep him calm and relaxed during the visits. The front office ladies are sweet as can be and helpful. I would make the drive wherever you are for this office.
5	My son and I love this dentist's office! We've been going here for 2 years now. My son actually looks forward to going to the dentist! It was important to me to find a great dentist to give my son a good first impression of dental care. This office definitely did that and so much more!The entire staff is always so pleasant and cheerful when I see them. My son had a small cavity, and being the over-protective mom I am, I was really nervous about him going back without me. I expressed my concerns and they immediately took me back to the room with them and reassured me. I've recommended this office to many people and will continue to do so.
5	We have been coming here for about three years. Their staff is second to none! Super helpful and on top of their game. The dentist is friendly and accommodating and I always feel they have my child's needs first. It's a fantastic place to take your child.
5	I was reluctant to bring my son for dental work after our family dentist said he would need to see a pediatric dentist. This was because my daughter had to be sedated and have work done by a pediatric dentist too, and it was a horrifying experience which included fingerprint bruises on her shoulders. When his tooth started hurting I began my terrifying search. After many visits and phone calls, I walked into this office unannounced. The staff is amazing. They listened to my concerns, walked me around the whole place, and Dr. Been ke personally introduced himself. My son was sedated yesterday, had 5 cavities filled and an extraction! He was calm and comfortable the whole time. I was a wreck, but my baby did great because of this "just for kids" office. Thank you Sandra, Dr. Brenke, and EVERYONE there :)
5	Dr. Brenke and Dr. Matthews are excellent pediatric dentists, and the staff is very nice.  A+!
5	The facility is AMAZING. Warm, friendly staff and I wish I had dentists like this team growing up. They sure make it a delight and great environment for kids of all ages. Highly recommend these guys!!Anthony - Owner of Mava Consulting
5	Amazing! Super friendly staffs, extremely clean & hygiene. Our daughter is 7 year old and  had to remove 4 teeth, a couple fill in, 3 silver cap today. She is extremely pleased with all the procedure not even cried. That's is very good about Doctor Mathew. We will Def  tell our friend about this facility. Awesome !
5	Amazing!! And my daughter LOVES the staff.  We got back right away and I was definitely allowed back there with her during her X-Rays and cleaning. (unlike what the unhappy yelper commented below.)  My daughters tiny mouth wasn't allowing her adult teeth to grow in properly and we knew she was going to need to have them removed.  My daughter was scared and very nervous, but the girls in the front, and her dentist talked to her about the procedure and what to except from her point of view. My daughter came up to me and said, "Mom if they have to pull my teeth out. I'm not afraid anymore"  It just about put the girls in the front  and myself in tears.. It was soo cute.  Dr. Mathews even asked if we would like to do it same day!! This doesn't happen..Anywhere. I usually have to wait up to 2 months to schedule producers. ( And he told me this was a rare instance because a similar procedure had called and moved their date).. They did take my daughter back without me, but No dentist office lets the parents go back if any kind of sedation is involved. Even laughing gas where they are fully awake. (what my daughter had) I'd like to know what dentist that woman found who does let them back, because I'm pretty sure it's a liability issue.  Parents aren't allowed to be in a surgical room if the doctor is doing a sedated procedure, right.) Anyways.  The whole staff was amazing!! I'm switching my son over as soon as the New Year comes!  I took my kids to a very popular dentist office before this one, and had my fair share of horrible experiences.  Never going back.. Everyone here really cares and it shows. Thank You Dr. Mathews and Dr. Brenke and You're AMAZING staff!! We'll see you in 6 months!!
