1	If you're looking for appliances, plumbing supplies, toilets, keep looking!  Pacific Sales has difficult to understand pricing, limited products on display, and long wait times for delivery.  Most ordering is from a catalog that does not have prices.  Do yourself a favor and skip the aggravation that accompanies shopping at Pacific Sales.
4	I will come back here, but I have to be careful. I came to buy one thing and bought a lot more...1.  Service - Very knowledgeable. You will meet a sales person and they will help you. Embrace it. They are hear to help you as there is no way you know all the details of appliances and kitchen / bath goods. They can help you.  First time, I took a lot of time to go over information. They were very helpful and not pushy.2.  Pricing - Not bad, and they can help a little if you ask, but you have to ask, know a bit of pricing or beg.  They have a very small amount of wiggle room I find.3.  Delivery - They outsource and the team they outsourced it to were fine.  Not sure if they are licensed, bonded or insured, but very professional.4.  Installation - They have the Delivery people do this. I had issues with the install and the amount of time it took, and the salesman actually credited me for some of the extra costs. I consider this proper ownership of the problem and huge customer service on the store's part.5.  Selection - Very, very huge6.  RC Willey - I used to shop there at RC almost exclusively as they give you reward dollars based on what you spend. However, t he sales people there seem a bit desperate and also a bit aloof. I musta spent over 15k -20k at RC and they treat you like a very unimportant client.  I am going back to Pacific sales. When I need more items for the bath next, this is the place I am coming to. Sorry RC Willey.
5	great service great prices and frank hunter is the man!!!!!!!!knwoledge and patient to assist me
4	Pacific Sales is not your run of the mill appliance store. They close at 6pm and they are not open on Sundays. Pacific Sales caters to a specific clientele of people who know what they want. Their selection of built-in appliances and specialty fixtures (farmhouse sinks etc) are pretty good. If you're looking for Viking, Thermador or Wolf appliances, this is probably the place to be at. They can special order pretty much anything from the brands that they do carry. Pacific Sales also price matches (except AJ Madison and other online-only retailers) and they offer pretty good discounts on holidays and on some floor models. You have up to 3 months to cancel your order if not yet delivered. If you have a special kitchen in mind, I'd try to get down to Pacific Sales on a Saturday since that's the only day they keep reasonable hours for the 9-5 employee.
1	Pacific Sales sold me a lemon! I bought a Samsung refrigerator from Pacific Sales at an excellent price.  I was told that they were clearing out the floor models and that is why the price wad so low.  I was very excited about my new appliance and felt I got a great price, however, from the moment that it was installed it has not worked correctly. I have had a service tech out to fix it 3 different times to fix 3 different problems and to date it still isn't working properly. When I called Pacific Sales to see what I can do, I was told I had to call Samsung directly. What? I have owned this appliance for less than a month!  Then when I spoke with the local store manager I was told basically you got what you paid for and if you want to exchange the refrigerator for an identical one I would not get the sale price, I would have to pay the difference. I don't understand this business practice. I was not under the impression I was buying a used or substandard refrigerator, however that is EXACTLY what I got.I am still trying to get this worked out with Pacific Sales, however my patience is met lies and me being ignored.  I am going to contact our local news station next to see if they can be of some assistance.I did give one star because our salesman Travis was absolutely awesome! He was very helpful and knowledgeable. BOTTOM LINE....Don't buy from Pacific Sales if customer service is high on your priority list
1	They don't honor their own posted policies!!They claim to match competitor prices, but apparently only if they will still make money on the deal.They claim to offer free shipping, but apparently only if they make money on the deal.Here is the story... Labor day weekend sales are in full effect and the sales are posted.  We head over to Pacific Sales after checking out a few deals online at major stores.  We find a Samsung refrigerator we like and ask if they will match Sears' pricing which was about $200 cheaper.  The salesman (who was very nice) goes to check online to confirm the price and comes back and tells us they can.  We leave to go check things out at the Sears Outlet store, because I of course want to see if I can get a better deal on something that is maybe scratched or dented a little... nothing there so we head back to Pacific Sales within an hour.As we are looking around again we see the bigger version of the same Samsung refrigerator.  So I pull out my trusty smart phone to see if Sears has that one on sale, and they do!  So I show  the same salesman that price and he again goes to look it up.  He comes back and says, "give me just a minute, ok?"  and disappears for a few min again.  When he comes back, he says "So that price is less than our cost, so here is what I can do.  We will honor that price, but we have to charge you $79 for the delivery, which will keep it the same price you will get it for at Sears because you will have to pay for delivery from them if you get it there."  So I ask, "but you say you have free delivery right? And you say you match competitors prices right?  So why do I have to pay delivery?  The whole reason I came here for the matched price is because I knew I would save the delivery fee."- "Well, we would be losing money on that price." was his response.- "So you are going to let me go to Sears and buy it over $79?" I say- "If thats what you need to do" he says.I was under the impression that the idea of having a price matching policy was that even if you had to lose a little money on a deal, the customer will come back and buy more items and tell his friends to do the same.  Well, let me tell ya, they did the complete opposite this time.  We were buying appliances for a new home and still need to buy some.  You can guarantee that I won't be getting them from Pacific Sales.I will also not be telling any friends to go there, if they aren't honest enough to follow their posted policies, what will they do to you when you have a delivery issue or something.  I cannot send anyone there.Finally, we went to Sears, got the fridge for the price they advertised and the salesman even through in a $50 discount on top of that.  So really, we only paid $29 for delivery and felt good about giving our money to them rather than Pacific Sales.By the way, both salesmen we spoke with were very nice, and the selection was quite good on all appliances.  Too bad I can never go back.
1	I purchased several appliances at Pacific Sales. The dryer I bought was a total lemon. After several repair trips the dryer would continue to break in the same way. Once the  one  year warranty was up and the dryer would continue to break, I was told by the service dept that I was just out of luck even though the repairs never lasted more than three uses on the machine. I would never buy an appliance from this store ever again.
5	Travis was the best sales man of the store! We were walking around looking for the one fridge! We looked for assistance, and he was the only one who came and asked us if we needed help... After showing him the different products we liked he described them and explained all the features of each one of them. Travis was really knowledgeable and honest! He noticed a mistake was made for a pricing and told us about it, which helped us for our decision.He was really helpful and I believe we made the best deal ever for an amazing french doors brand new fridge! We saved 40% ($1300)!!! What an offer!!!! We will be back and ask for him for our future purchase!
1	Beware......after they have your money, they don't want you to darken their door unless you want to spend more.  If you have a problem with an appliance you purchased, you may as well talk to the dead.  THEY DON'T CARE OR WANT TO HEAR ABOUT IT.
