5	Cute shop!  Nice shopping area in a great SW Vegas location.I had driven by several times and thought it would be fun to check out a pet bakery for my little pug, Jerry.  Since Jerry wasn't with me when I was driving by, I never stopped in until....I recently researched the most nutritious dog foods available and realized that the Kibbles-N-Bits I was serving to my little guy Jerry was absolutely terrible for him.  According to many veterinarians, Wellness and Solid Gold are two very highly rated dog food brands.  I then looked up where to buy these brands and learned that Bone-Appetit was a vendor.Jerry and I hopped right in the car.The store was very clean and well-organized.  Bone-Appetit, indeed, had all the good, nutritious foods available and the lady who helped me was very knowledgable about each product line.  She offered me free samples for Jerry to try but I decided to just spring for the highly-popular "Chicken" by Wellness.  I also picked up some Wellness Beef & Turkey Soft Chewy Treats!!Jerry has already polished off his first bowl.  He loved it and is now taking a siesta, snoring away!  I'll give him some treats later as a midnight snack.  I'm sure he'll devour them in a flash.  They look delicious!Even though I did not take advantage of their bakery this visit, I noticed that Bone-Appetit has a nice selection of fresh-baked treats.  Jerry had his eye on the peanut butter treats so we'll have to pick some of those up next time.  The store also had a cute selection of pet merchandise but I didn't spend much time browsing because I was holding Jerry in my arms and he was getting heavy.  Next time. I am very happy to have found this business that carries all the most nutritious foods so conveniently located to my home.  That will make it very easy for Jerry and me to be repeat customers.
4	I came here to get the dog a Happy Birthday type treat. They had an assortment of homemade treats to look at. I ended up getting him the peanut butter cookie with Happy Birthday yogurt frosting and the bacon parmesan balls which the lady recommended. The dog ate it all and that means he definitely enjoyed it. They also have a huge selection of collars, leashes and specialized pet food.  We will be back for more treats.
5	Very impressed with the staff here, as well as the selection.  We went in here because my wife and I wanted to switch our dog's food to something more appropriate for her age/size.  The guy at the counter told us his recommendations, and it was between 3 different brands.  So we were having a tough time deciding which one, and he gave us samples of each of them free of charge.  Then we had a fun time setting up three different bowls for our dog and letting her decide... You probably don't care about this part...Overall, great selection, great and knowledgeable staff, and very pet friendly.
5	I normally go to Scraps 4 Pets in Summerlin (now also a Bone Appetit location), but they are currently closed Sundays and weekdays are tough for us to get to the shop on our schedule. Since this location was open Sundays we trekked on down.  The pugs are out of Great Life kibble (33lbs was about $44) and the cat was out of the Tiki Cat seafood canned foods ($11.99 for a package). I don't want my kids to go without! This location is spacious and has plenty of selection. I'd be surprised if you can't find what you're looking for. We got what we needed and then some. We found that we couldn't pass up fresh bakery goods and got some on sale X-mas cookies (25 cents), small cookie bones covered in carob (75 cents), small peanut butter bones (65 cents) and bacon parmesan muffins (75 cents). All pretty reasonable prices to get them something special on occasion.The big surprise was the large selection of chewing treats for dogs. We have small pugs with crooked, missing toof little rice teeth smiles, but don't let it fool you to thinking they can't out chew a pitbull. It's hard to find things that aren't too hard like large bones that will break off their small teeth, bu not soft enough for them to go through in an hour or too narrow like bully sticks which our village idiot one tends to stick in his mouth and choke on it while he chews the middle. We found Merricks double hooves ($4.99) here which I have not seen in any other store. We took them home and it seems to be a good fit. The heavy huge hoove pose a (fun) challenge for them so they can be entertained I think for a long while on those.The lady helping us was helpful and friendly. We asked a lot of questions about various chews and  she shows us the ones that are for strong chewers like ours. Don't be intimidated to ask questions, people working here are knowledgeable and helpful.  I posted some pics of them with the hooves. I didn't realize there wasn't pictures of the store on the biz profile or I would have snapped some up!
5	I first started patronizing Bone Appetite when i lived in southern highlands, Love it... they are the best dog boutiques I've seen. Now i moved to this side of town, i am patronizing this store... can i just say FABULOUS!  You could not find better customer service, not a better selection of the most amazing pet products. Unless your pet has specific allergies, you don't need to worry about reading the ingredients... the owner has done that for you so you don't have to worry if the food is a healthy food for your pet. The toys are all top notch, clothing is of top quality...i couldn't be happier( unless they had an in-house seamstress to tailor fit the doggy clothes to their customers LOL )
1	I wanted to exchange a leash I purchased at this store. The clerk refused to exchange it without a receipt. Even those the item is brand new with tags on it. So I went back with the receipt to exchange the leash. Now they asked me where did I buy the leash. What kind of question is that?I have the receipt with an item with their price tag on it!!!They were very nice to me when I was making a purchase, but whenI was trying to make an exchange they act like they have never seen the item in their store before. Poor Customer Service!!!
5	This location is the only one in town to carry Honest Kitchen. Although a high end holistic raw food, it is cheaper than some of the popular brands and more nutritious.  They also carry a good variety of frozen raw food which always seems fresh.  Dogs are welcome here, but are to be on a leash....some owners forget that and I have walked in with mine leashed only to be created by unleashed.  Owner now added self bathe, groom and dog classes.  Great store.  Staff stable and very welcoming and always wanting to help.
4	Friendly staff with a good selection of healthy dog food for our Belgian Mal. Definitely recommend checking it out for a healthy alternative to the mainstream dog foods that are laden with grain and garbage ingredients.
5	We went in as a spur of the moment kinda thing with our puppy. Okami loves it there. The staff are really knowledgable and helpful. Okami has a really sensitive stomach and we were at our wits end on what to do. A friend recommended we try a raw diet for her so we asked them not thinking much of it.  The sales representative there showed us our options, was extremely patient with us and answered all our questions.  Plus she even gave us A LOT of samples!! Now Okami is all healed, healthy, and happy so she can get herself into other mischief. Lol. Thank you Bone Appetit you guys are awesome!!
5	I love love love this boutique. I will not even go to petsmart anymore. I feed my puppy the blue buffalo wilderness food. After a certain amount of bags you get one free I think that is just awesome. The whole store is very fairly priced. The bakery is awesome. The groomers and staff are amazing. What I love most is unlike at petsmart the staff knows what they are talking about and how to answer questions properly. Love it!!
5	Great place! I was referred to a dog boutique by a friend who feeds their dog a specialty food because of the health benefits. The staff was great. Knowledgable and helpful without being over the top (which I really don't like). They gave me samples for my pup to be sure she likes the new food before I buy it (which is less expensive than at a Petco or Petsmart)!!! We got a collar while we were there too. Super happy!
5	First time here and love it!!  Very big store with lots of varieties for dogs and cats. So many goodies for your best friend. The people were very helpful and nice. I got a doggie bone with happy birthday and some mini cookies! I definitely will be back for grooming and dog food.
4	Visited this location twice.Staff was very helpful in recommending different types of food for my German Shepherd puppy, even gave me some samples to have her try before we bought a big bag.Prices are reasonable and they carry the higher quality products your dog deserves.There's self wash station where you can take your dog for a bath, saving the mess you'd make at home.They also bake their own treats, and will share all the ingredients with you. Stop by and check them out, my pup loved the tiny cupcakes!
