4	After searching the many furniture stores in this area I came into Ashley feeling defeated. Looking for a pretty large sectional, without a large budget, was starting to feel like an impossible mission. I walked in and was immediately greeted by Carl. Like I said, I had already spent the better part of my day looking at furniture and at this point I just wanted to be done with it. I told him what I was looking for and he directed me to those which met my criteria. I ended up picking the first one I saw and got it for a great price (even got them to discount it lower than the sticker price!). Checkout process was easy even though their computer system was down. One piece of the sectional wasn't in stock so delivery was delayed by about a week but for the price I was  willing to wait! Finally, my sectional was delivered. I love the piece itself, though the delivery people were just so-so. Not great (didn't even hook the pieces of my sectional together) and not bad, just so-so. Next time I am looking for furniture (which I hope isn't for a LONG time), I'll def start here vs. making it my last stop.
5	I'll be honest, it's not every day that you get done with a Furniture shopping experience and think to yourself, hey I should write a review about them!  But this is one situation where it was deserved.  After going to about a dozen different stores looking for couches, we finally settled on a pair that we liked from Ashley's - Now let me preface - I loathe the Car Salesman approach to shopping - I don't need someone following me around and being approached every 30 seconds asking if I need help.  I've done my research online about price-points, I know roughly what I wanted, now I just need to sit on some couches and get the feel.  When we were ready, we found a Sales person, got them to help us out, and we were on our way. At the checkout counter we worked with Clare who is really the reason I'm writing this review - We informed her that we were in a rush, that we had the In-Laws coming into town in 5 days, and that was important to us to get delivery as prompt as possible.  She noted that 1 of the items that we had selected was in stock, and they could deliver it the very next morning - and the other item would be there in 2 days - And she scratched the extra delivery charge for good measure!  Both items arrived and were set up and Clare herself personally called to confirm everything had arrived on time for the In-Laws (Great memory or Sales note or whatever, regardless, left us with a great feeling) and was good to go.  We had a great experience and it was much appreciated.
5	Great experience!Highlights:- Brent, the sales manager that assisted us in our furniture shopping experience was first off, extremely informative. He was helpful, knew when to approach us to assist us and gave us the space we needed to make our decisions. Thank you,Brent!- Ashley had a deal going on that day, in addition to an existing sale.  We saved a ton of money. - We went in with a budget for each room that we needed furnished. Being new to the area and having sold all of the furniture from our previous residence, Ashley had everything we needed for our bedroom and kitchen.  We stayed within our budget. - The delivery team (3rd party) were prompt, professional and quick. They left our apartment spotless and unchanged other than the furniture they delivered (the next day!)- Ashley offers 36 months interest free financing which we didn't take advantage of, but at least knew was available. Overall a great experience. We saved a ton of time and got excellent value.
1	The WORST buying experience I have ever had in my life.  Day 1:  We went into the Ashley Furniture Showroom in Pineville, NC and bought a reclining sectional couch from the salesman.  Day 2:  I was reviewing my receipt and found that the salesman had order us the wrong thing.  It took me almost 24 hours to get a response from them about the error.  Day 3:  I found the exact same reclining sectional online for $1,500 less than what I paid in the store.  Now, the salesman told us that we had three days after our purchase in the showroom to cancel our order and get a full refund.  So, I called in to let them know that I wanted to cancel my order.  The salesman kept refusing the cancel my order and kept me on the phone for three hours while he kept coming back to me trying to offer me deals to keep the sale.  I told him that they could match the price or cancel the order.  Finally, after three hours of haggling with them, they agreed to match the price and send me a refund notice to my email account.  Day 4:  I never received the refund notice, so I called in to request it again.  The salesman that promised me the refund was not going to be working for the next three days, and the salesman that I was speaking to now said because they had no notes about me getting a refund, they could not honor it and would not give me the full refund.  I told them to cancel the order and they refused.  After three more hours on the phone, I finally got to speak with a manager who told me to go ahead and accept the furniture from the deliveryman and promised to get to the bottom of the refund issue and make it right.  We accepted the furniture (big mistake!!!).  The manager told us that if we accepted the delivery and decided to cancel, they would come back and pick up the furniture no questions asked.  The deliveryman scratched up our hardwood floors and delivered damaged furniture.  On top of that, I never heard back from the manger about my refund.  I called in later that night and the manager I had spoken with  with gone, so guess what, I had to start the request for a refund all over again for the third time.  This time, I said I was tired of dealing with this and wanted to cancel the order for good.  They refused to cancel and told me I would have to pay a 10% restocking fee if I canceled.  I told them that their manager told us if we accepted delivery and decided to cancel, he promised to pick it up no questions asked and without charging us.  They said they couldn't verify that he told me that, so they were going to have to charge me anyway.  I demanded to speak with a manager who, after another two hours on the phone, finally agreed to cancel the order and give us a full refund.  So, I ended up wasting 8 hours on the phone, getting a scratched floor, being treating with total disrespect by the Ashley Furniture representatives, and have nothing in the end.  I will be telling everyone I know to avoid this store and these crooks at all cost.  Will never go near this store again.
1	I have spent thousands of dollars at this Ashley store since moving to the area 3 years ago but I will never spend another penny there after my latest experience.  In 11/11 we purchased a sectional from here and purchased the warranty.  A little over 2 yrs later the durablend fabric was peeling completely off 2 of the seats.  After making 3 attempts to get them to fix this they finally decided it needed to be fixed/replaced.  Since they no longer carried this item we were told to come in and pick out an item for the original purchase price of $2399 and we'd be credited that amount towards the new purchase.  We picked out an item and owed more than our credit so we paid that amount of  $684.79 but they charged our account the full amount of $3252.75.  I went in to the store to get this credited, they told me they had to send it to their finance girl but would call me that afternoon or 2 days later at the latest.  I never heard from anyone!  I've filed a complaint with the BBB and put the charge in dispute with no reply whatsoever from Ashley.
1	First let me say the 1 star is not for my Salesperson as he was very knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and let me shop without following me around the store. I found the sofa that I wanted/needed and closed the deal. The 1 star is for the poor customer service. The sofa was supposed to be delivered on a Wed afternoon on and Wed morning I received a call telling me part of the sofa was damaged and they would only be delivering part of my order. The other part would be coming a week later. I had an event scheduled for the weekend and now would have limited seating. I asked if there would be any kind of concession (they should have offered a concession instead of me having to ask for one)  and was offered a $75.00 gift card to Ashley...um, no. I then was referred to a Customer Service person who offered to refund me the delivery charges. I gave her my cc # and she said she would take care of it. 3 days later no refund, nor a peep from anyone at Ashley Furniture. Today after making multiple calls I find that it will now take 2-7 business days to process my refund, a very important tidbit of info the CSR neglected to tell me. I also needed to confirm the delivery date for my remaining item, but since the CSR only sent me a message through another rep and didn't call me herself, I wasn't able to confirm the delivery and had to call back yet a 3rd time. I work in sales and deal with customers every day. Though the sales experience was good, the follow up and lack of customer service negates the great service I received on the front end of the transaction. If a refund is due, the customer should be given a time line right then in which to expect the transaction completed and not have to hunt down the CSR for answers...3 days later. I won't be ordering anything else from Ashley Furniture again and though I'd like to put the rep on blast, I will refrain from doing so as that doesn't fix the situation. Final thoughts...it's equally important to pay attention to your customers AFTER the sale as it is during the sale. People have choices and can spend their money elsewhere and word of mouth is powerful.
1	this has got to be one of the "schlockiest" outfits I've ever dealt with.  A great deal of their furniture is junk, beware if it's a piece of furniture that will be used a lot, it will fall apart.  Not only that, I ordered an entertainment center 2 mos ago and was told I had to wait for delivery.  Scheduled for delivey today in am and just got a call that they can only deliver part of the unit!  We would have to wait at least another month for the other piece.  Total disrespect to the customer, in essence just said, "like it or lump it".  If I could give no stars I would.  STAY AWAY.
