4	I had to add this to review it.One of the best skate parks in the valley. It's designated as the SPECIAL EVENTS park and it was the sight of the Vegas AM Jam skate competition February 21st.With a large concrete below ground park there is ample space for big runs.Plus there is a small shaded bleacher section and rocks all around for seating.There is also an above ground park with ramps,rails and more.The park also has a baseball park and lots more.
4	So I don't skate but I do run through some drills on the softball fields.  From what I do see the skate park is large and well maintained, as well as the softball fields. The lights for the skate park stay on until 11 most nights so if your looking for a place to skate late I would think this is the place!
4	You wont find me skate boarding around here, but you will most likely spot me in the the tennis court. Its a great, quiet, and relaxing place to play tennis in, depending on the time you go. Yes, you'll see some trash here and there, but most of the time ive gone it's been well maintained. It's also somewhat secluded so I try to be careful approaching the court for i have encountered weird people doing weird things by there. Other than that, it's family friendly and also includes a walking/jogging path, obviously the skate park, a baseball field, and a playground for the kiddies!
5	I like the park. I enjoyed tennis back in the day. Lord I'm old if I have to say back in the day. LOL Long story short I don't have anyone to play with now a days (tennis) or (baseball) that is. So, I just chill in my car and nap. Or listen to some B.B. King yeah that down home blues like Johnny Taylor and eat snacks.
5	This park is right next to my house and I noticed that there is a mens softball league that plays here, I just moved out here and play softball every summer for over 8 years, am looking to join and not have to drive 25 mins away when there's a park right here, anybody know anyone that plays here or can help me out???  Thanks
