3	We went for their supposed grand re-opening a few weeks ago, and it was an interesting time. The space is cool- kind of old school Vegas loungey, very dark with red vinyl booths and a tiny dance floor in the middle of the room, which no one was dancing on, mainly because it was more like a stripper stage than a dance floor. The drinks were really reasonable, and the bartender was very nice although he knew nothing about types of Vodka, or any other liquor, or what anything cost. Thank God he was cute. To be fair it was his first night, and he looked to be about 12 years old.The DJ however, looked to be about 100, and was playing the same recorded dance track over and over all night.  The place has potential, and it remains to be seen how well the 'new' straight ownership will do, and what 'improvements' they will make. I just hope they don't gay it out with bad IKEA furniture, bad Mariah Carey music, and a predictable line-up of underwear nights and karaoke.
5	I have been hanging out at The Door for a few weeks now, I think this is a great gay bar with plenty of seating and great generous bartenders.The place is very loungey and even the regulars make you feel welcome.They seem to be pros at promotion and marketing because there is somthing going on every night. I have been a big fan of their 3 4 1 happy hour on fridays and Thursday they have  a great strip show. but I also like the slow nights were we can just hang out drink and talk. So much for Saturdays the palce was packed last night with a new night called Synthetic. The had several DJ's, a new sound system and the coolest video screens I have ever seen. This is a complete transformation from previous quiet Saturdays. I not complaining I like the new high energy tecno pop, and the very mixed crowd proved it's a college bar. Next week I will bring my straight friends. If you have ever been to The Door in the past you know about the back entrance, however these guys kept that area a secret till last night. The long graffitied hallway with video monitors was a very dramatic entrence to a club I hardely recognized. We all took part in the drink special, they serve long Islands and other drinks in those old fashioned wine carafes, very cool !!! my 6 dollar drink went a long way.I am gald to see The Door get better and better, and I look forward to more in the future. TB
3	I visited The Door on a Saturday for what was billed as an electro night. I heard a few industrial and electro tunes, but the mix generally still was pop. I left and went to The Rogue for something a little more aggressive.I did appreciate how friendly the bartenders were and how affordable they made drinks. I was drinking cans of Red Bull for $4. The smoking area is a nice touch, and the elevated seating makes spotting that special someone much easier. Parking is cinch, with a huge lot just outside the door.
2	The 3 4 1 happy hour really means they will take one drink and mix it with water and pour it into three glasses for you. It may be a "new" bar but it is worn out, it would be nice if they invested some money in the replacing the duct taped vinyl seating.
1	This bar is closed  Please take this listing down.
