1	Quality Suites on Mansfield in GreenTree has a BED BUG INFESTATION.The owners have known about this since Jan & didn't want 2 spend the $3k to clean it up when they were contained in only 1 building. The Staff is wonderful!!! But the owner(s) are very greedy/selfish/lying/controlling ppl. The staff are not even allowed to drive themselves to work, they are picked up by a hotel shuttle
2	Let me just say,"Breakfast saved the stay."
1	This is easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It really seems like it should be illegal to charge how much they charge for a place in such a state of disrepair, and not even that conveniently located.  I don't think I'm particularly picky with hotels; I just want clean, safe, and quiet. But "Quality" suites seemed like more of a sketchy place you'd rent by the hour to conduct a drug deal or perform other illicit activity and then leave, not to actually sleep in. The condition of the room was absolutely awful. It smelled horribly like rotting garbage, and despite emptying the majority of a bottle of Febreze it still smelled terrible. Nearly everything in the room looked like it had been brought in during the 70's, and then left for the next 40 years. Again, I was shocked that they could charge this much for how poorly maintained it was.Upon check-in we were excited to discover the complimentary shuttle. I was thinking that this might be the saving grace of the hotel and justify both the cost and the stench. We booked 2 spots on the shuttle to take us to Heinz field the next morning and were told to go to a specified pickup place to get the shuttle back and that they would be running pickups every 30 minutes up to 3 hours after the game. If there was no shuttle, then we were told to just call and ask to be picked up. Ok, sounds great. We go to our game, walk around the city a bit, and then only 2 hours after the game went to the designated pickup spot. We waited for a few minutes and I decided to call, just to check on the status of the shuttle. We're told the driver was just leaving and that he would be there in 20 minutes. 45 minutes later, still no shuttle. I decided to call and check in again. I'm now told that the shuttle has a load of people to take to the Penguins game and that he can get me in an hour. Unacceptable. This could've been their saving grace, but ended up being just as bad.I will never ever stay here again and highly recommend looking elsewhere for your lodging needs anywhere around Pittsburgh. There is not one redeeming quality about this scam of a place.
2	Given the absolutely awful experience we had over at the Clarion, this hotel should have five stars, but I have to try and be objective like this was the only place we stayed over the weekend. The outsides are very cute and quaint like little condos. I was surprised to see how big they were on the inside too. It had a full kitchen, living room, vanity with a sink, and the bed. The bed was super comfortable and I almost wanted to steal a pillow, they were so soft. However, this was not the cleanest hotel. The back of the toilet looked like it hadn't been cleaned since the last...male guest...and it didn't smell the best in the place. It was freezing when we got in there and had to turn the heat way up while we were gone. The TV was old but worked fine. We had a nice quiet evening watching it on the overly hard couch. There was a great fire place with tools, but alas, no wood. Strange. We would have liked to have a fire while watching our movie.Not the best but not the worst. When we go back to Pittsburg we will probably stay somewhere else.
1	Poorly-managed property; a bad value even in this price range.  All kinds of incomplete or shoddy repairs (see pictures).  We reserved a crib for a baby on our expedia reservation.  When we realized there wasn't one in the room, we called the front desk and they made us come down to pick up a pack and play.  Most annoyingly, at breakfast (with three small kids), the juice machine was broken, the milk was gone, and they had no water.  So with thee small kids, the only choice was coffee or the vending machine.  Disappointed.
1	It's been awhile since I've had the time to review a property, which I guess, is a good thing. I've been staying in a number of nice hotels over the last six months, and none of them have given me a reason to have them stand out. Until now...Due to a last minute client event and the fact that the ENTIRE city of Pittsburgh was sold out, I was stuck with this property. Generally, I don't mind affordable options that are somewhat close to my business destination. I usually don't mind hotels with "character" or ones that may be off the beaten path. This one took the cake. What a disaster. If I could provide an even lower ranking for this hotel other than "terrible", I would. The words that best describe this property are "terrifying", "risky", "atrocity" and even maybe "war crime". I'm a straight male in my 30's and I'm debating taking a pregnancy test. It was mad real...I know that there are always segments of the population that are looking for a recommendation, so here goes: This place is ideal for a Snuff Film. Perfect for a ritualistic murder. Great for the day you decide you've had enough and decide to paint the wall behind your head "scarlet and grey". This place IS NOT ideal for: Sleeping. Bathing. Avoiding Asbestos. Not getting molested in the parking lot by the drunk guy above you who decides to urinate off his balcony. Enjoying a quality continental breakfast surrounded by your peers.I would post pictures, but I didn't take any. I was so afraid that the spirits that spent their last dying moments in Suite 1112 would possess my phone and turn the whole experience in to a whole Overlook Hotel thing.Sleep in your car. Or under a bridge. Or in a Meth lab. You'll be better off.
1	One star would be generous for this shit hole but it's the lowest rating I can give. This place is an absolute train wreck. I didn't pick this place, it was the last place in the city to stay and I had to stay there, I actually contemplating staying in my vehicle. HORRIBLE!!! Please don't stay there unless it's the last roof to stay under in 50 miles. I'm almost positive by sleeping IN my clothes ON TOP of the sheets I still got some type of Venereal disease. I posted just some of the photos of this place, please look and take under consideration. If you would like bed bugs or some new type of airborn disease by all means this would be your place to stay. If you fear murder or rape this is not your establishment to visit. God speed.
