4	Nice sports bar in Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh. Serves good quality grub and always has special discounts on food/drink for students. Has lots of golf memorabilia on display throughout bar , does get busy at times but i prefer upstairs if you can get a seat. Situated at the meadows right next to pitch and putt golf course , so what better excuse than to pop out play 18 holes then go in to discuss the ones you nearly holed in one.
4	How could I not like this place after living next to it for four months??Good sports bar, awesome deals on Sundays with your student card.  I ordered food a few times and it was pretty standard pub fare.It gets pretty crowded on any sort of game day and I was often in want of more seating, but what can you do? Order more drinks, that's what you can do.
4	Beer, burgers and football. A well oiled combination of which the Golf Tavern provides in spades.  Housing some comfy lounge seats (upstairs to the right for the best seating), a plethora of flat screen TVs and ample amounts of lager/bitter on tap you can expect a decent host for your lazy afternoons watching football.  Golfing enthusiasts will revel in the extensive selection of memorabilia covering the walls, and may want to try a few holes on the small scale course situated in front of the tavern (ask at the bar for club hire).Students can rejoice with 2 for 1 offers on food (available with card, ask at bar) and discounts off drinks.  The steak mince and chorizo burger I tried was a solid choice accompanied with a tasty relish and some hearty chips. A word of advice, especially during the latter round of the Champions League football fixtures, be sure to get there nice and early and secure the sofa's upstairs as they're by far the best place to root yourself and your chums for the evenings sporting action.
3	After walking by this bar for years, recently I finally decided to pay this Tavern a visit. The Golf Tavern dedicates its walls to golfing memorabilia, however do not be fooled by this. Inside, the Tavern is quite modern with lounges, comfy seats and numerous wide-screens! The Tavern was packed when I went in to watch a football game, no seats were available, so if you want a seat while watching your football team, then get there early! No doubt many students were there due to the student offers. There are discounts on main meals and also some discounts on drinks, brilliant if you're a student not wanting to break the bank! The Golf Tavern, along with the Links provides bars where students living in Marchmont and Bruntsfield can come and drink cheaply while watching the football, so if students get on your nerves I would instead play the golf course outside!
3	The Golf Tavern overlooks the Bruntsfield Links and Arthur's Seat stands proud in the distance.  It's a regular student haunt, especially because it's right next to the Wright's Houses halls of Edinburgh Napier University.  On the night I went, it was the Champion's League semi-final, and as has already been attested it was packed.  I was standing for the whole game, and at one point managed to find a part of the bar on which to balance my drink, which was a relief.I was not aware of said upstairs area, as I could barely negotiate the space downstairs.  That said, the bar was well served throughout the course of the game, and the game itself was easily viewed on the plasma screens.  I'd have to go back on a quieter evening to get a better idea of this place.  The other reviews speak positively though, so I'd be prepared to give it another try.
4	I really can't find much at fault with Bruntsfield. Despite it's mix of upmarket YPs and plummy students, I can't even find too much of the attitude I can only describe as "loathsome" when I visit. Sticking, a fairly large, sort-of golf course (with thousands of corpses underneath) in a fairly busy area, next to, and unprotected from, a main road, just adds to it's charm.As does the Golf Tavern, riding on the coattails of The Links. It's more modern than it looks, and is basically just a standard noughties style neighbourhood pub, but as I like the neighbourhood, it's a winner in my book.
4	Friendly staff, the usual drops on tap and pretty good food...the Crombie sausages and mash a stand out.
4	The Golf Tavern has a very interesting sense of charm which combines student digs with a completely reasonable, comfortable place for those of all ages to have a pint.I remember being completely enchanted with the place the first time I came here about four years ago.  I'd never ventured to the other side of the Meadows and thought that it was absolutely MILES out of town.  I'm a bit more seasoned now and I enjoy the fact that it's smack bang in the middle of the Toll Cross/Bruntsfield area, but it is tucked away off the main road.  The pints are standard Bruntsfield prices, but every time I come here I forget that they don't serve Tennants and I'm confused - who doesn't have Tennants on tap?  Ok I know it's not exactly quality beer, and the Amstel they have instead is actually probably much nicer but still???The coolest part about the Golf Tavern is the fact that you can rent clubs here to play on "the first golf course in Scotland" or something like that.  It's not my standard haunt, but it does make for a good place to get an after work pint.
3	Here comes my drum again.... YOUR A PUB NOT A RESTAURANT!!When its good its great the rest of the time its god awful, when eating opt for the, well they cant get that wrong' options! Cold pesto chicken wrap is one of the worst meals I have paid for in my life - the fact it took 40 minutes to preapre just made it worse.As a pub for footy its brilliant, order the nachos and you have a winner which is why they still get three stars!!But they do try some things that their kicthen staff clearly are not upto!Overall nae bad!
4	I'd spent the early evening dropping C.V's in to nearby bars, and after seeing a pretty good cross-section of the drinking establishments I was ready to sample the local Pub fare.I stumbled upon The Golf Tavern heading back to my apartment and decided, after spying the fantastic selection of chairs, to give this newly refurbished joint my custom. An Inspired choice! I ordered the cheeseburger. I know, not really branching out, but I've decided the cheeseburger is my litmus test for pub-grub. Unless you're in Australia. Then it's the chicken parmigiana ;)It was hearty, with fresh lettuce, tomato and bun, and a meat patty that looked home-made and tasted delicious. It also came with chunky fries clearly made from a potato (they still had the skin on them!). A solid win for The Golf Tavern. A hole in one. Par for the course etc.So, while I was eating, I considered leaving my last C.V. here, but ultimately decided against. It was too nice a place for a rapscallion like me. Despite everyone in there being young and student-like, it felt like an old boys club. Lots of chesterfields. But still, a great place for a meal and a pint after a round!
3	Popped in for an early Friday pm drink and was pleasantly surprised by the surroundings and good choice of beers on draft.  The decor feels a wee bit manufactured - old bikes hanging from ceiling etc but otherwise not a bad place to while away an hour or two. A couple of big sofas and other comfy chairs to sink into. Didn't hang around for a meal but the diners I clocked all looked pretty happy.
4	Came back for a burger and really glad I did. One if the best I've had in Edinburgh, and washed down with a pint of Blue Moon moved from great to sublime. Service was quick yet unhurried and managed to de-stress from a morning at in the sales.
4	I have visited the gold tavern many times over the years and its always felt like a painfully mediocre establishment so when some friends arranged to meet me there recently I cant say I was overjoyed, however on my arrival I found that it has been gutted out and had a complete refurb - and seem to have given it a personality transplant in the process.The newly refurbished pub is odd to say the least, every square inch of the walls is covered in random and bizzare objects and pictures.  Its very tacky... but so tacky it actually becomes quite cool again!  The tables are made from old doors which is another quirky thing that I actually really like.  The layout has completely changed so the bar is no longer in the middle of the room and this seems to really open the place up.The staff are great, the drinks are very reasonably priced and they have given the food menu an overhaul too, making an attempt at going down the gastro-pub route.  While they haven't quite hit the nail on the head, they have definitely succeeded at offering a good range of pub grub at reasonable prices.All of this has gone towards creating a great atompshere in the pub and has taken The Golf Tavern from painfully medicore to a genuinely enjoyable place to go for a drink and a chat.
1	Unfriendly staff
3	I'm totally torn between 3 and 4 stars... The Golf has recently(ish) undergone a makeover, which has left it looking pretty swish I must say.  The ambiance is much better, the decoration is great, and it's comfortable.  So, 4 stars for the Golf as a pub.  It has taken over from the Links as the after work go-to (unless the Head of School forces you to go to the Ettrick instead, in which case everyone stands around complaining that the pub is shite, before finally heading to the Golf).  I had a drink in the upstairs bar for the first time on Friday and thought it was great (though, are their toilets up there?  I didn't see any and it's a bit shit to walk down two filghts of stairs to use the toilet).  There were even plenty of seats on a Friday at 8pm, which was excellent.Food though...hum.This needs work - and therefore the three stars.My coworkers were all starving, so the minute we got there it was right into the menus, picking out food.  Someone went to order at the bar and was told that it was table service.  Um, from what waiter?  I mean seriously I didn't see anyone taking orders.  I really think that it's totally fine for bars to have table service, it's a nice convenience, but they then shouldn't prevent people from ordering at the bar!  That's ridiculous.  So my coworkers waited and waited for the invisible waiter to appear, and after half starving to death, they were back onto the bartender who finally relented and agreed to take orders.  I can say that I was nursing my pint, so I was at the bar for about an 45 mins to an hour.  In that time, the only food to arrive were the chips which were ordered about 15-20 minutes after everyone's mains.  An hour to get someone to take an order, and wait and wait and wait for food.Even on a busy Friday night, that's unacceptable.  I can't speak for most of the meals, but I can say that I woke up the next day to a text from a friend saying "The steak was fxxxx carbonised! A lot to write about....ok food but really not great" So, all that wait for overdone food of mediocre quality.  What a shame.  Reading back my food review it sounds more like a 2 star, but I'll reserve further judgement until I eat there myself.
3	Bruntsfield is really lacking for good pubs. The Links, the Ettrick, Montpellier . . . these are the poor drinking options to be found there. As I work in the area, when I want a drink after work I normally drag people down to Tollcross or beyond, and never considered the Golf because it was crap. But it's now been done up and has become our new first choice for after work pints.All the decor is completely fake, a lot like the Brass Monkey pubs. Fake tradition and history, lots of "quirky" things attached to the walls and ceilings, but it produces a comfortable cosy setting. It's almost a pub for people who don't like pubs, a sanitised version of an old man pub. But then that makes it perfect for an after work group who can't agree on where to go for a drink. Less off-putting for non-pubby types but pubby enough for someone who wants a few pints of ale (= me). There are four real ales on the pump, plus interesting options on draught such as Blue Moon.Keen students of my oeuvre will note that I rarely rate the food in my pub reviews. There are so many good places to eat in Edinburgh that I generally drink at pubs and eat elsewhere. I'm partial to some pub grub when the occasion demands but I'd be unlikely to knock a star off a favourite drinking hole because the food wasn't up to scratch. But in this case I have actually tried the burger and found it to be rather good, if not indeed very good. The rest of the menu seems a bit pricy for pub grub though.So yes, spruced up pub that's good for mixed crowds as it's pubby enough for the pub goers but classy enough for everyone else. You can see that the mix of punters also seems to be edging from students more towards the after work crowd. I was going to give it 4 stars just because it's great to have a decent pub in the area (although if you get that far from Bruntsfield proper then you could just as well go to a real pub like Cloisters or Bennett's I guess), but the service is a bit hit and miss so I'm going for 3 stars and let's hope I can upgrade it in the future after a few more visits.
4	I am never teed off (mandatory golf pun) when I come here, quite the opposite in fact as The Golf Tavern has a good range of beverages at a reasonable price. The decor is a fusion of (someones perception of a) classic country estate and a modern functional bar, a little odd but actually cool once you settle in and fitting given the age and design of the building.Without the quirky decor perhaps I would be less keen (though the alcohol selection is good, so maybe not) but as it stands I like the place. As to the food, well I am a meat eater and my carnivorous instincts were well served in the Golf Tavern, if however you are vegetarian your options are somewhat limited...All in all though a comfortable pub to quaff a few brews in.
4	Great pub. Great Restaurant.  I got the seafood cakes.  Mostly seafood, not a lot of cake.  Very good.  No Complaints.  Good location.
3	I have had an on-off relationship with the golf tavern over the last 5 years. I started coming here for the quiz and rugby, and then have been a few times for other sporting and quiz based events. I've had friends birthdays there, had parties and watched some good games. It's always pretty good. Thats about it. It is pretty good.I wish there was a bit more to say about it but that's all I can come up with right now. The beer choice is fairly bad. They need to get in some reasonable keg and cask and I'll be happier. Other than that it's a fairly bog standard chain pub with some crazy decor. I've had the food a few times and it's been.... pretty good.The staff are pretty good, although there are rarely enough of them.The layout is pretty good. I think this is a pretty good review.
4	Yo a drink n clubs for 5 quid , for like 12 i think you can get food too. open pretty late and has a lively younger crowd. The golf tavern has 2 bars, one upstairs and one downstairs, and the seating is very comfortable. you can also buy your food and eat it out on the grass on a sunny day or bring your drinks out onto the benches outside to smoke. A pretty chill local pub overall.
3	3.5 stars. The golf tavern was a convenient choice for us to go grab a drink, hang out, use the free wifi, maybe get a meal (the food is pretty decent btw). A drunken evening led the three of us here during one of the live band nights and it was a grand old time. I'm not too big a fan of watching sports at pubs so its not really my kind of scene.
4	Really like this pub on sunny days they have seating outside overlooking the bruntsfield links pitch and putt. On the more normal Scottish days the inside is cosy. I think David's review describes the decor just fine so I wont dwell on that. They have a nice selection of beers etc on tap, my current favourite is Orchard cider. The shorts are all there with a few notable whiskeys as well. I dont think I have eaten here past the sides as veggies arent well catered for other than mac and cheese type options, but the potatoe wedges and onion rings were amazing.I wouldnt have a whole night in this pub, but for stopping enroute to another distination or a lazy sunday with the papers and a pint then this is the place for me.
4	We took the visiting family here for a traditional pub meal on there visit to Scotland. The first floor, or ground floor as I guess you call it here, felt very war and festive, although good sized and not too packed feeling even though it was busy. Unfortunately it did not have room for 7 people so we went upstairs, which was empty. The service was good and the beer selection on tap was fairly good. They have Blue Moon on tap, which was a huge plus in my book. The menu is pretty extensive and in the end everyone opted for more traditional foods, except myself who tried the ultimate burger, which was a burger with Macaroni and cheese on it. We had the haggis fritters and the bruschetta for a starter, both were very good and well spiced and seasoned. Our food did take a bit long, but they were busy so it wasn't unexpected. The food arrived and was very well presented, also the portions were not too big. Good sized, but not overwhelming. Two of us got the venison and chorizo burger, which was very nice, my burger was amazing! So naughty, but so delicious with the Mac and cheese. It could have done with a bit more cheeses goodness, but both myself and my sister in law loved the Mac idea. The fish and chips were also good and the sweet potato fries served with just the Mac and cheese on a bun were amazing. Overall, it was a surprisingly excellent meal. We were far too full for dessert, but were very keen to try to come back for it.The music was a bit weird, but if you like hits from he 90s mixed with recent hits  it's ok. The atmosphere is nice, the food is good and the service is great. Such a nice pub to make a stop at on a cold day.
