4	8/6/13 I picked up two suits I had altered at Just Fine Alterations located in East Towne Mall.  They did a great job for me.  They're open 7 days a week.  Their turn around time from start to finish is fast.
4	They hem pants in an hour and they're open on Sundays. What's not to love? I've had two pairs of pants hemmed here (when you're short all of the pants you buy are going to need to be hemmed) and both times they've done them in an hour while I walked around East Towne Mall. Plus their prices are on the lower end of the spectrum. Quick, cheap and efficient. Win-win.
4	I brought a slew of clothes.  One was a glove with a torn knit cuff, a high school winter jacket needing letters sewn on, a sports jersey, rayon superhero button down shirt and a jacket that needed a zipper replacement.  They did all of them in three days, at a reasonable price AND a fantastic job.  They also do military uniforms!
1	Absolutely TERRIBLE experience here. I brought in 1 pair of dress pants on a Saturday that I needed hemmed, brought just in a little, and 1 small hole in the seam fixed. I was told that they would be done by 5:30pm the following Thursday. I thought this was a little long considering the "quick turnaround time" that I read about in other reviews, but I didn't need them back right away so this wasn't a huge issue. I came back on Thursday, right at 5:30pm, and saw my pants still hanging on the rack--they hadn't even been touched yet. I was extremely irritated, but again, I still didn't need them right away. I opted to come back in a couple days when she told me they would be done. I came back about two weeks later because I wanted to ensure they would be done. When I finally went to pick them up and try them on, the hole in the seam was STILL there! When I brought this to one of the employees' attention, her response was "Oh, she must have forgotten that." Yes, thank you. After all of this, I was given no sort of discount or even an apology. Needless to say, I will never bring my business here ever again.
1	Horrible horrible service.  I took my son's suits in for alterations and had no problems.  So I took 3 uniform tops in to have 4 patches on each sew on and velcro added to the pocket flaps with the buttons sewed on the outside.  Waited a week for them, velcro was not added, so back in for another week.  Charged me $80!  Got them home and went to put them on and my patches on the sleeves were all over the place.  I did give them an example shirt to use and clearly they did not look at it.  Took them back and they charged me another $20 after a $10 discount to place them right.  Put my uniform on for work and found the buttons were not sewn to the outside and 2 of the 3 shirt pockets were not sewn back together.  Rather than spending more money to have them correct their mistake, my wife is now hand sewing them until I can find a reputable seamstress.  I will NEVER take anything back there again.
