5	My opinion Scores has huge bang for the buck plates are full to the tilt, great hot chicken sandwiches, amazing chicken brochettes, wraps and fajitas are really good and I know my daughter thinks their Ribs are better than Baton Rouge it apparently is all in the sauce!I had the chicken brocheete this night and it was amaing! This Scores is in the Place Vertu shopping centre and has 2 entrance one thru the mall and one thru the parking. was very clean, service superberb and courtious(as usually get at most Scores). food brought promptly and hot.At this as well as other Scores I have been to the service has been amazing! Restaurant is always clean cutlery package neatly wrapped in a napkin, nice touch seems clearly hygienic :)Koodos to Scores!!
4	They do chicken and ribs, and have an all-you-can-eat salad and soup bar.  I had ribs and they were very good.  The chicken soup is fantastic, always has been.  The salad bar is a salad bar - there's a big selection, but I don't get excited over salad bars.This place is a chain and it isn't "special" in any way, but it's uncomplicated, clean, has good service, and the food is good.WiFi is free from the Starbucks next door.
2	It was my first time in Montreal and, basically, I panicked.  I'm from America and I can't speak a lick of French and because I was travelling alone, I felt extremely out of place.  I tried to go to a local Asian restaurant, but, after completing my order, I realized they would not accept my Visa (or Mastercard or debit card), so I moseyed on over to Scores, mostly because they accepted Visa, and it looked rather safe.What I got was a good value, but not anything extraordinary whatsoever.  I ordered the chicken pot pie lunch special--which was mostly bland.  I was mostly just psyched because it was just over $10 and that included a drink and dessert (and the chocolate cake was actually delicious).  Also, the service here was VERY good and they were very, very nice to me in spite of my limited language skills.
3	Good basic rotisserie chicken dinner. Service was excellent. The chicken was tasty although not the biggest chunk of bird I've had. Fries were okay As expected, a good basic meal with good value for the money
2	I moved to Montreal almost a year ago and was told that I should try Scores as I like rotisserie chicken. We have Swiss Chalet where I was from. Finally got to try this place out at the Place Vertu location. The night started off on a good note but ended not well for me (my husband enjoyed his meal). Though I usually order the quarter chicken with white meat, I decided I was craving the dark meat more after our workout at the gym. So we both ordered the 2 chicken legs dinner. We were told it would take about 15 minutes, which is fine with us because in my mind, that means the chicken should be freshly made. Because the meal includes unlimited soups, salads and fruit from the salad bar, we headed there first. I really enjoyed the chicken noodles soup and lentils soup. The salads I chose we're good as well, though the mushrooms looked wilted. Then when our meals came, we noticed we only received 1 leg of chicken each. When we pointed this out, the waitress said that if we order another one and can't finish it, we would have to pay an extra $3 each (even though it was only supposed to cost $2.50 each leg according to the menu). I have never heard of this. On top of that, she should have mentioned this at the beginning or have it written on their menu. I told my husband I would have ordered the chicken breast had I known this, but shrugged it off. The waitress checked on us after we received our meal and asked how everything was and we indicated it was good (I liked their fries and that was all I had so far). But then I tried the chicken and noticed it was dry. I noticed my husband almost finished his chicken and told him mine was dry and said that his was really moist. The server never came around again to even fill up our water. When it was time to leave, my husband asked if we can pack up was was left of portion of chicken and half of his baked potato and her response was let her check and that was the last straw for me. I told her the reason there was chicken left is because it was dry. Instead of apologizing and asking if I would like another piece, she turned the tables around and said that it was my fault for not mentioning that when she came around to ask if everything was ok. I explained that at that point I had only tried the fries. She said that's not an excuse. I was floored but made sure I did not hear it wrong. I have never been spoken to by a server of any restaurant whether its a fast food or high class restaurant. Needless to say my husband still gave her a good tip because he enjoyed his meal, but I told him I never want to go to that place ever again.
2	The chiken wasnt cooked well,all the salads wasn't fresh, i was really not satisfied.Usually the other scores restaurant are good but this one is really bad but the service is really fast
4	I have very limited lunch options at work so it becomes a solid go to when in the mood for chicken.The quarter chicken used to be better than St-Hubert but has really dropped in quality the last 2-3 times.Still a bargain at $7 when on special.There ribs are truly amazing, especially when on special ($15 for a full rack otherwise $22).Their chicken strips are also pretty good but the sauce is tame.When I eat there,  the service and decor is very standard,  the all you can eat salad is a bit too cold.Their delivery is what truly gives them the edge ( and the extra star). Sometimes comes in under 15 minutes.
