5	The staff here is great so I wanted to write up a quick bitty shoutout to CeeCee, Elijah and Sam. They have good customer service, but also are funny and don't take themselves so seriously which to me is a great thing. I don't know what does it with office supply stores but most places seem to have staff that hate their life and really don't care. I have a Office Depot literally the next stoplight down from our house, but we went to this one by mom in laws and rolled with it since the staff here is so much nicer. So kudos for still having your character and sanity. Hahaha. In seriousness, I prefer going to places that have friendly staff... not enough places with a personal, "mom and pop" approach so kudos for bringing that to a corporate chain. We got two L shaped frosted glass to make our giant U shaped computer and music mecca on sale and the two come under $200. That's cheaper than most desks and we got TWO desks at that price! What a deal. We're happy campers.
3	Was shopping for folders, a folder box, and a binder.  I was shocked to see how expensive office supplies were.....$10.99 for 100 manila folders, $9.99 for a box, and $8.99 for a 1 1/2" binder!  Damn!Despite my perception of high prices, it was a pleasant shopping experience.  The store is well organized and I found what I was looking for within minutes & without assistance.  The checkout process was smooth and easy.Will I return?  Only if I have to.
3	I find the prices high.  But on this visit I was in an out in a matter of minutes, because for once they had what I needed:  small corrugated mailing boxes.  A clerk asked if he could help as soon as I walked in.  He directed me to the right aisle, and voila - there were my boxes.  They cost too much, but hey, I needed them, so I was captive.  Boo for the prices, Yay for the customer service.
5	The staff at this location was very friendly and helpful! As soon as I walked in I was greeted and helped right away! Alexis was very kind in helping me locate legal pads and blank CDs.. Went to pay and was again greeted w/ a smile by Christina! She was funny and welcoming to talk to.. Will for sure come back.. Hope their manager sees this ;)
5	Staff is very friendly and polite. ( best in the west shopping center ) Not shure why people think prices are high, when I was there they had on a 75% off chairs so normally a high end leather desk chair that cost somewhere $300 I got for 2 something also a desk for 69$ !! plus tax I can't argue with those prices for new for that matter. There is no delivery charge to my area however if I want it assembled it would of cost an extra $60.00 and I am shure prices change. But overall very happy greeted when I came in the door and staff new what to do. Will be back  for those inquiring on price it ranges from moderate to pricey on items however thats every where if you want something more affordable I suggest craiglist.
