2	So this morning after a bad experience at the cleaners I stop in for some coffee to cheer me up.  I ordered my boss a milky way hot chocolate and myself a holiday treat peppermint mocha latte.  I got my items and went off to work and when I got to my desk my boss was telling me how good her hot chocolate was and I get excited and take a sip of my latte.  WOW that was not what I ordered.  It was a 2% milk latte with no flavoring.  ICK.  So yeah my day is not starting off well.  The donuts here are good I have had them before but today it is a 2 star review due to one being really good and mine being totally wrong.
3	Great location for a Dunkin Donuts near the airport.  Coffee was fairly decent as usual, without all of the douchebag Starbucks crowd and coffee ordering lingo (you know, where the small one is a "tall" and the medium one is "grande").  This location has only been open a couple months and is still new/clean on the inside & out, with a very well organized selection of donuts.  Friendly employee as well.
5	I like coffee and dunkin is where its at!  It takes a few times to get use to the coffee its different than Starbucks (which is bitter and terrible but i still like it) or coffee bean (WHICH IS GREAT!) but its own flavor is origional and i appriciate it.  Its crazy close to my work which is good they have great breakfast options as well (aside from donuts), the flatbread breakfast sandwich is really good and under 300 calories so you can afford eating delicous dunkin' donuts by saving the calorie intake on that.  Either way the service is quick i love the coffee and im mad caffinated up so maybe thats why they got 5 stars.
3	I forgot my snack in the fridge this morning and thought maybe a donut would be a nice quick snack on the way.  You can tell I don't do donuts often.  They have more stuff here than just donuts and coffee!  I had a bacon,egg, cheese on an English muffin.  Wasn't bad for something whipped up in 60 seconds in the microwave and assembled.  Though the days are getting warm it was a nice morning with a bit of breeze so I sat out on the patio.  The service at the counter was pleasant.  I gather this location does quite a bit of business as there was a line both inside and at the drive through the entire time I was there.
3	My family and I stopped here to pick up a few boxes of donuts for the rest of the family who were waiting anxiously with they're coffee ready to pour back at my aunt's house. The moment I walked in, I noticed a t-shirt for sale hanging from the sealing that said, "Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks". I thought it was extremely funny because my sister who was with me at the time, works at Starbucks and it was funny throwing it at her face about how bad Starbucks sucks. One star for the funny t-shirt. I'm all about trying to help the environment and help save tress. But, at the same time, I do like having the option of choosing from either using paper towels or the hand dryer. This place only had the hand dryer and we all know that it takes several minutes to fully dry your hands, and, since I was at a donut shop, my goal was to get out of the bathroom ASAP because I wanted to pick out some of the donuts that I like. However, the moment I pressed the big shiny silver button, I literally jumped and got scared because that hand dryer was not any ordinary hand dryer. It sounded like a space ship taking of from NASA. The air was coming out so fast that it was pushing my hands downwards and it was making my skin move in all directions. My hands were dry in less than fifteen seconds. I never seen anything like it. I was simply, amazed. Two stars for the hand dryer. The donuts were alright. I was not impressed at all and it was expensive. I'm use to going to local donut shops that still have faded out signs from the 70's and 80's. Hand dryer in the men's bathroom, I'll see you this Thanksgiving when I go up there to visit the family again. .......................Maybe I should reconsider going to Arizona.
4	The sticky pink donut holes are mouth watering.
2	there's this commercial. order a medium or larger drink and get an egg and cheese english muffin for $.99. seemed like a good deal to me, and i was hungry this morning. besides, dunkin' has been making great strides in quality and service, right? that's what the marketing would have you believe anyway. so i order from the drive thru and pay $3.15 for a medium iced coffee and the aforementioned egg and cheese english muffin. service is swift. i drive away, ready to dig into my sandwich on the parking lot that is the 101. that's when things get ugly. my sandwich is cold. like, you can feel how cold it is through the paper bag. i can't eat it, mainly because i'm afraid it will sicken me in some way ... i don't screw around with egg. and yes, i'm still hungry. so, sorry dunkin', your marketing gal is a genius, but this store did not deliver. shame on me for believing that silly marketing ploy.
4	Let's see great coffee....average doughnuts....great staff....and now The new Big and Toasty sandwich....well what else can I say. If your ever near a D&D order the The new Big and Toasty combo and make sure you get the wonderful hash browns as well....and you will be in Breakfast heaven ladies and gentlemen. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Dunkin Donuts coffee is my favorite!  I come here about 3-4 times a week.  The coffee is almost always perfect!  The workers in the drive-thru are always friendly and quick.I absolutely hate going in though.  For some reason it always smells like something is burning inside.  No one wants to smell burnt food, especially first thing in the morning!  Yuck.  But it smells like that every single time, so it must be something they can't get rid of.  So I try to go through the drive thru as much as possible!
3	Good coffee ... i'm not eating doughnuts or bagels at the moment, so it's hard to rate their signature foods. Ask me again in 40 pounds.
4	Place has no outlets what kind of coffee shop is this ?!? 99 cent coffee and tea any size 3 to 6 pm! Yay!! I got Carmel mocha swirl and mocha almond yum! And 5 donuts minis for a dollar otherwise I would just say dd is awesome! Friendly staff tho! Free refills on coffee, clean bathroom. Great customer service. -1 for no outlets tho! but the manger is so nice!!! she remembers you and is super friendly great awesome customer service!!!
4	Tried the pumpkin cream cheese on a bagel today.  It was good but a little strong!  Still give it a thumbs up!  With a large Iced Tea to go!
5	Great service. William and Carly and Chris do a great job.
3	Let me first say that I'm from Massachusetts where you find a DD on every corner (similar to CircleK location here in Phx) so I am an experienced DD customer. For some reason the DD in the north east just has better coffee - I don't know why, perhaps it's the water? In any case, this location is just average. They have a drive-thru, that has been fairly quick, and you can order breakfast sandwiches in the drive-thru (you can't back east so that's a feature here). The negative is I seem to have a hard time getting my favorite donut at this location, blueberry, and they don't offer blueberry donut holes at all here...I think that is strange. On the plus side they do have a little outdoor area for enjoying your coffee which is a great addition since we have so many beautiful mornings here in Phx.
4	Love the bagels.
4	I've been here twice in the last week since my son's band practices nearby and I need a free wifi coffee place to write while I wait. I'm usually not big on DD but I have to say their coffee was very good (regular coffee with a shot of mocha) and can't be beat with one of their donuts. To make things better they provide free refills on drinks during the same visit. I had no issues with customer server (they came to my table and asked if I wanted a refill) and found the place relatively comfortable for my purposes. Since my son's band is within a mile I'll have no hesitation going back to this DD again.
2	I really, really like Dunkin Donuts and I don't go often because, well, it's terrible for me.But the last two times I have gone to this location, they have been out of my favorite donut...vanilla creme filled. Vanilla Creme filled donuts are pretty much the reason I go to Dunkin Donuts in the first place. Donuts are everywhere, coffee is everywhere, but nobody does the Vanilla Creme quite like DD but this place always seems to be out of them.The first time it happened, they offered to make some more, I just had to wait a little while. But this last time, the supervisor or whoever was just too busy to be bothered with customer service and told his cashier (in view of me, whether he noticed or not) to basically give me the "So sad so sorry" treatment.Either this is a popular selection and they neglect to prepare properly every day, or I don't know what. But if it's in the morning, try a different location.To their defense, I did visit this one location late in the evening once a long time ago and the guys were about to close up and gave me a great deal since they would have had to throw everything out anyway. So I got a bunch of extras to take to work the next morning. But 95% of the time when I want Donuts, it's in the morning. This is the peak time and when they should be best prepared. I'd give them three stars just for the awesome guys that hooked me up that one late evening, but I was really put off by the attitude I got in the morning a couple weeks ago.
2	Oh my gosh... where do I begin? I've been going to this DD off and on now for well over a year. Some days are better than others but today was probably the worst. I decided it was time to share my opinion and write a review. I love the new Butter Pecan flavor in my iced coffee. That's what I ordered today. As I pulled up to the window I was watching the girl make my iced coffee. The BP syrup was out. So instead of going and getting a new bottle, or using the one up front she took off the lid and started tapping it upside down on the ice in my iced coffee cup. She shook and shook and hardly anything came out of the bottle. Apparently she thought a tiny hint of BP was ok because she set the bottle down and continued to add cream and coffee to my cup. It's nasty and there's hardly any flavor. I'm so irritated and I don't know why I keep going back there. Probably because it's right up the road from my husbands work and it's just convenient. Also, the customer service is crap. The girl that takes the order yells so loud and is never friendly. There is never consistency at this place, coffee is always wrong and it's just all over unorganized. The manager is super friendly and always says... "Haven't seen you in a while!" (Even though I was just there a couple days ago) :) It also seems like she lets her employees walk all over her. She's supposed to be the leader and give direction. I worked at Starbucks for over 5 years and never gave bad customer service like I receive here. I also know how drinks should be made... Getting a cup, putting ice in it, adding flavor, adding cream and then adding iced coffee shouldn't be a challenge. AND when somebody says no sugar that means NO sugar! On a plus side, they are pretty fast. So if you're running late you definitely have a couple minutes to grab something for breakfast.
5	Rolled through the drive-thru today and Gabe took our order. He was energetic, patient and by far the friendliest employee there! Thanks Gabe!
2	We got here at 7AM on a Saturday and they were practically out of donuts. We waited in a line of 3 people almost 20 minutes to order. Then when we got our coffee, they screwed that up, so they had to redo the coffee which took more time. The only reason I give them 2 stars is the staff are VERY nice. They just need to look at their processes and work on being more efficient and accurate.
1	The donuts weren't fresh what so ever, Francine or whatever the lady's name was, was a total bitch. Then after slammed the window in my face while trying to ask for napkins, then she came back with a nasty attitude. I definitely won't be coming back.
4	======================= Coffee ================================Love their ice coffee. They definitely deliver a cup of coffee that is sure to make you feel good. It is quick and convenient.SERVICE: Very accommodating & friendly.CONCULSION: I have to say this DD is always good. I haven't had an issues here ever. They make a  good coffee at this location...my order is always correct RETURN FACTOR: 100%.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
2	Almost every time I go to this Dunkin Donuts drive through they have me pull around and wait for my breakfast sandwich.  This is very abnormal, I do understand sometimes fast food isn't so fast, but this place should not have a drive through at all if they can't get the food to people through the window 95%+ of the time.  I went inside last time to avoid this issue; when I went inside there was a huge line and a disgruntled employee at the front of it to great me with a scowl.  I don't think it was his fault; it seems this place may be managed poorly.  My wait was literally the worst I have ever experienced in any fast or somewhat fast food type restaurant to my recollection.  I was almost laughing because of the absurdity of the whole thing.I observed the lack of preparation for the shift and a pour set-up of supplies.  I also noticed people on top of one another and a pour kitchen (back of the house layout).  It may be this place is just undersized for the customer load.   On a positive note the sausage egg and cheese croissant sandwich and hash browns are the best in the business, a bit pricy, but worth it. Also, DD in general has the best coffee any ware, suck it Starbucks!
4	as busy as this place was this morning I am getting service really fast really good and its very nearby to the park my husband plays softball at
1	Just drove down from I-17 and Carefree Hwy to pickup some donuts for my son's birthday.  There was a new donut shop around the corner from my house but I've always loved Dunkin' Donuts and didn't mind the extra drive.  When I got home and opened the box I noticed immediately that the donuts looked old.  When I bit into one I had confirmation.  I can't believe that they would sell these things!  The donuts were hard and shriveled up.  The frosting tasted old and didn't cover much of the donuts.  I ordered a dozen donuts and they were all like this.  Will never be back here.  We also ordered breakfast sandwiches and the flatbread and muffins were cold and stale tasting.  The only plus was that the drive-through was fast and the service friendly.  What a bummer.
1	This is the closest doughnuts place to my house - and almost every time I go there, there's always a long line, so by the time you get to order, you feel like you need to be in rush otherwise the person behind the counter gets frustrated. There are no smiling ppl working here. They always look grumpy and want you to order as quickly as possible. Not kid friendly as they don't care about your kids. I will drive further to get my coffee and doughnuts so that i can start my day nice and happy. Why should I go to a place that acts like they are doing me a favor when I am the customer.
3	We were in the area and both of us were hungry, but not ready for a full on, sit-down meal. Thus, as we passed this location, we decided to make a u-turn and get a couple doughnuts to hold us over until it was time for a more substantial meal.Parking was easy enough and the lot is laid out well for the regular in and out traffic this place sees. The line was pretty long, but it was a weekend and 10:30 a.m. so not overly surprising. Once we got to the front of the line, we waited for one of the cashiers to stop talking about the customer that had just ordered and walked away long enough for us to place our order. Didn't love that, but he wasn't really being mean about the customer, just more talking about his reaction to the coffee he ordered, but I didn't enjoy the open discussion about customers right in front of other customers and making us wait to order while you do it.We were going to order two doughnuts a piece and told them our two choices each and ended up having to repeat ourselves since the cashier and the person boxing the doughnuts were different people and they didn't communicate what we ordered. The cashier did, however, let us know that ordering a half dozen was about the same price as four individual doughnuts, so we opted to do this instead.With our box in hand we went to find a seat to eat. The doughnuts themselves were very tasty and the usual yumminess you expect from this chain. The tables themselves definitely needed some attention, but the never ending line that persisted while we were there gives them some leeway on cleaning tables efficiently.  Overall: B-Standard goodness of doughnuts you expect from this chain, not such amazing services and only semi-clean location. Not the best ever, not the worst ever!
5	Great service.When they have new people, it takes them a few times to get the order right. But once they do, they remember, so that is really good.Most of them are very friendly here.  I go there often.In addition to those I mentioned before, MJ, Reese, Lauren, January, and one team lead I don't know her name all provide very good service.  Thanks all!
3	To be honest.....Coffee, ehhhCustomer service, ehhh. Not a remarkable experience. Nothing stood out therefore nothing makes me want to return or choose this place over Starbucks or even McDonald's coffee. I guess it's one of those, "well at least I tried it" places.
3	While the food and service are both great, their staff needs to be more aware of the menu. The last three (3) out of four (4) times I ordered a combo (numbered menu item with coffee and hasbrowns) they forgot the hashbrowns. They had me pull to the side and brought them out rather quickly, but still, I don't get it. Learn the menu! My last visit I was actually asked if I wanted the hashbrowns after specifically telling them not to forget them. Really? The bagels are still good.
1	In my opinion this is the worst Dunkin' Donuts.   The last three times I went there they screwed up my order.  Although the staff seems very nice I think they should should get with the program.  They seem to be very on organized and get very flustered over the littlest thing.   The floor is always disgusting and so was the aprons are wearing God wash them!    Will stick with the Dunkin' Donuts down on seventh I'm done with the one on 19th
2	Before it was a hit when DD was on its first few weeks since it was opened. Now with other donuts establishments around, this place has fallen to a mediocre level. The donuts here were good but somehow and slowly losing their edge. I had an iced coffee here and the taste isn't all that great for me.
5	I just tried the sugar cookie latte today. Its a special flavor available during the christmas season. Yum! I really liked it. Excited to try the other seasonal flavor as well (Snickerdoodle). The service was fast, friendly, and it was a great experience.
2	this one is even worse than the other Dunkin donuts. Customer service? Non existent. Drinks made right? Hardly. Food warm and declicious? Not a chance. I go out of my way to not get coffee here.. And it's a shame since it's on my way to work. I'll stick to Dutch bros.. Better coffee and 100X better customer service.
