5	Parking in the Southside is a pain in the neck, but Edward Marc's chocolates and milkshakes make it worth the trouble.  We came here in search of Reinhold's ice cream (they now have theirs custom-made by another producer), but went away happy with a chocolate raspberry truffle milkshake (my wife opted for "thick"; the other option is "suck your brains out").We returned later to try the assorted chocolates ($18-20/lb, sold in quantities as low as one piece -- but there's a $10 credit card minimum).  Vanilla salt caramels delivered a sweet chewy blast of happiness, enhanced by sea salt sprinkled atop each piece.  The chocolate-covered pretzels with peanut butter (around $2) are upscale cousins of, and much larger than, a Take 5.  So good!We came back one last time before we had to leave Pittsburgh, and can't wait to find a parking space in the Southside again soon!
4	The perfect springtime spot to grab a famous milkshake, a chocolate-covered marshmellow, sit outside at the sidewalk tables... and people-watch. This is a spot that you wouldn't expect to see in the South Side -- except, it's the South Side... land of antique shops next to tattoo parlors. The smell of fresh chocolate when you walk in is absolutely overwhelming (in a great way) and it will make a chocolate lover out of even the most healthy patrons. What a sweet way to end a day on the South Side!
5	Yum!  I love chocolate shops.  This one shall not break thought.  I walked in and was amazed at the selection.  The smell was off the wall.  The first thing I noticed were the non-pariels -- think Nestle Snowcaps -- but much larger and much more tasty.  While I awaited the weighing of my treats, I looked around.  At the back of the store is a little ice cream / malt / milkshake shop.  It is too bad I was needing some real food.  I shall return for a milkshake...soon.
5	If Americans' weren't so addicted to sugar this place would cease to exist.  I was first exposed to Edward Marc a few years ago in New York, and quite frankly, I was shocked to see this location in Pittsburgh.  Their chocolates are fantastic.  BIG UPS to the sugarless vanilla salted caramel.  You'd never know in a million years it is sugarless.  And the peanut butter sandwich cookie is delicious.  Decor is like a modern, sleek soda fountain.  The ice cream and milkshakes are what bring people in (and customers conveniently have to walk past the chocolate case because the ice cream and milkshakes are in the back of the store...)  Beautifully designed space, amazing quality chocolate, and open until 10pm Monday through Sunday.  A winner.
2	I really like the idea of this place but for some reason I ALWAYS have trouble getting served so I had to write it off. completely.  While the milk shake line is pretty straight forward the line for chocolate is pretty much like a bar where everyone stands and tries to flag down one of the girls who are usually not paying attention ... The end result can be waiting 20-30 minutes to order while watching people who just walk in get their order before you...As for the prices and quality I would say the milkshakes are a good value at around $5 but the chocolate is very expensive I grew up on Sarris's and the quality seems on par but twice as much $$$.
