4	One of the oldest shops of its kind in Scottsdale. It was cool to be a skater or a surfer here before there were "skaters." I really dig this place. The clothes are cool, they have an abundance of Rainbow sandals, and the prevailing attitudes are the same that you would find off of the Mission boardwalk in San Diego. For any kind of beachwear, Sidewalk Surfer is your spot. They also have a thick stock of beanies (skull caps for you east coasters) and very cool snowboard stuff. It isn't at a discount, but clothes and shoes this rad are hard to come by.
3	they do carry  a good selection of 8"+ boards and lots of shoes... BUT what the fuck is up with a clothing store that allows smoking inside? maybe it has to do with a secret way to prevent store lurking, but this store stinks and any overpriced! t-shirt you might buy smells like some old janky lady has been wearing your gear and smoking GPCs in it.
5	Great store, great prices, friendly service.  Everything you could ask for in a store.  I needed some repairs for my GoPed BigFoot and these guys really took care of me.  Quick, prompt service, they fixed everything and even went above and beyond.  The guy Dave really knows his GoPeds and is more than happy to explain everything to you and share his knowledge.  The repairs were priced very well and the labor charges were very fair.  I walked out of there  feeling good about my experience with Sidewalk Surfer and would recommend them to a friend.
5	Locally owned. Locally owned. Locally owned. Shop local and keep more of our hard earned dollars in the state economy.Been a customer over many years here. Great shop, great service, great selection. Get a board, get a helmet, and get your kids off that Wii and out into some fresh air and a whole lotta good, clean fun.
5	Good local guys, keeping it real & not like the stupid shit chain stores in the mall. Full service skate shop with knowledagable staff, huge shoe selection. T-Shirts are expensive, but I'm there to buy decks, wheels, or other shit for my skateboard. Not concerned with "looking cool". I do like that one day I walked in & heard early Stooges cranking over the speakers, way to keep out the Snottsdale scum & Arcadia bitches! Skate to relate !
4	My best friend and I came here one day, on one of our "monthly shopping loops", because she heard it was really great. Whoever she heard it from was correct.They have so many different brands, it's really a skater's dream in there. The prices are pretty steep on certain things, but I don't mind paying them for a local business. The sales are great and the employees are hilarious and super nice.
5	I was happy I found this store. All the other Skateboard shops I found where way to expensive but this one had a larger variety and the two guys who worked there were really nice. All there shoes where also cheaper and they had styles I had not seen in a while.
5	Best skate shop I've ever visited! The guys are super cool and ready to go the extra mile. I wanted a commuter longboard and the guys recommended the perfect ride! Don't order your stuff online, keep our local skate shops busy! Plus, you'll get expert help, quick repairs and support your community! Thanks Sidewalk Surfer, you guys rock!
5	This place has been here since I have been into the skate/rollerblade scene when I was 8. I have long since outgrown blading and trick skateboarding but still love to cruise on a longboard. Went in here to get some longboard service recently. The staff was really friendly and willing to help. Just a fun environment in there. Lots of great clothes. My gf buys me stuff from there and you can never go wrong with their style. They had everything. Just wish they still sold goped stuff because that trend is scarce now. The staff even let me use a allen wrench from my board to my car wheel outside with no issues!
4	Plenty selection if everything you could need/want. Sandals,shoes,board shorts, everything. Place is nice and big and has everything separated by type. One of the best skate shops I've visited in AZ.
5	Looked all over for a Smith Optics dealer in Scottsdale and finally found these guys. They didn't have exactly what it was looking for but got out the catalog and ordered sunglasses for me that night. It took a few days for them to get in and they calledMe right away to come pick up my new shades. Such nice guys who work here I will definitely be back anytime I need smith products. And I want to look around a littleMore next time also!!
4	Good prices and selection but the "cool guy" attitude of the gentleman ringing me up was a super bummer.  Kind of made me feel like I was inconveniencing him by being in the store.Kept it from being a 5 star experience.Cool shop but I had to be honest about the service.
