4	Great store, with good deals on stuff you probably buy anyway. It's busy there on Saturday morning & Sunday afternoon, the best time to show up is 2 p.m. on Saturday or early Sunday (they open at 10 a.m.). Even with this strategy, you may still find there is a line to check out. This is possibly the best place to buy certain types of gourmet foods like cheese, wine, olive oil, etc. I like their meats and organic produce much better than Trader Joes, but you have to be prepared to eat a lot of the same thing for a few days. I would stay away from their bakery area. Nothing of quality and everything with transfats.
5	The frozen yogurt with berry topping is one of my very favorite guilty pleasures.  Huge serving and soo good (fat free too).  Also, Kirkland coffee in the big brown can really rocks.
3	"Welcome to Costco, I love you"
5	This Costco is great, and like Dave S. I love this Costco! Yes, it's a chain, but conveniently located off 77 & Tyvola I make sure to visit every 2-3 months and stock up on all my needs. Great meat and fish selection! Usually spend at least $250, but considering it's a 2-3 month supply, it is very cheap averaged out. An absolute "must" is the fat free yogurt swirl from the concession stand. Great way to start the isle walking out correctly. The $50/year investment is well worth it and the benefits are much more than that!
3	Standard bulk seller.  Good alternative to BJ's or Sam's Club, but for me, a bit out of the way.  I find it interesting that both locations are in south Charlotte, only a few minutes apart.  It's nice to be able to shop between Sam's and Costco, as one will usually carry what the other doesn't.  Their Auto Buying service is also worth a membership, especially if you're not a fan of the bartering session that always commences.!
4	Costco rocks.  I love the shopping experience and always discover something new when I'm there.  I'm really into the fresh deli section here.  I got some salmon with dill butter and seasonings, threw it in the oven and had a delicious meal - easy gourmet masterpiece.  I don't go as often as I would like due to the huge portions.  It is great to bring a friend along and split things.The location in executive park is a little out of the way, so I usually have to plan out a trip versus stop by.  FYI, if you want to miss the crowds it is a relative ghost town weekdays at 5:30.Reminder: you can only use Amex, debit or cash - so come prepared!
4	Need 75 pounds of rice? How about 5,000 Solo cups? Or maybe you're looking for a 5 lb. box of Honeynut Cheerios? Whatever it is, you can likely find it in bulk at Costco.Y'all know the drill - you have to pay $50 per year to be a part of this illustrious bulk club, but frankly, I think it's worth it. Do I overspend during my quarterly visit? Sure. However, the savings really do add up if you're a mindful shopper. A few items that I always stock up on: wine, ground turkey, organic chicken, string cheese, TP, paper towels, laundry detergent, toothpaste, granola bars and some snacky items like hummus, almonds and other tasty dips. I haven't really dug into the produce here, but it usually looks decent. Other items to note - the fro-yo at the concession stand is pretty delicious and there are always plenty of samples to try while shopping around! Be aware that you can only pay with the following: cash, debit card or American Express!
4	Haven't been to Costco for years as we had SAMs club closed by in California plus the service was real unacceptable in those days.  Demo staff liked they had company shares, real mean.This year, my daughter suggested to switch to Costco as the one in Charlotte is closer than all SAMs clubs. It's also on the way to my church & I can save time.So far, I really like their merchandise. I feel their quality are better than those of SAMs. Yes, the average price is higher as well.So far, I spent more money than before as I shop more. They also have more demos. I love trying those demos. It's fun. I don't try everything as I don't eat pork or shell fish.  I felt I was a little kids if I found something I like, cant wait to get a pack....I even bought a rotisserie chicken & hot dog & soda, almost finished half inside the shop with my friend.Just like to see the price for fish come down to more acceptable. $7-8 or even $9 /lb is like in a restaurant.Funny, they don't have tri-tip in Charlotte & I like that in California. Are the cows different between east & west coast? Or the butchers learn different cuts? :)
4	Costco always has everything I don't need, but I still buy. I'm more of a Sam's Club girl, but I'm starting to move more to costco because it's closer. Plus the cashier's are always friendly.
4	WARNING: If you go to COSTCO for toilet paper, you may end up walking out with watermelon juice, 500 thread count sheets and a roasted chicken.  This place is impulse buy central...and I LOVE IT!This Costco, like most I've been to around the country is great when it comes to customer service. Their return policy rocks too.  I once bought these disgusting mushy stuffed zucchini boats, and even after three months, (gross I know) I returned them, no questions asked. They really are tough on some policies though...stupid ones.  For example, my husband and I had a rebate check in his name.  He and I have a joint account.  The store wouldn't give me the rebate check, they called him on the phone and asked him if I could pick it up!  A co-worker went with her mom to buy baby wipes.  The cashier couldn't accept her cash, since the account is in her mom's name.  My co-worker had to give her mom the cash, then her mom had to hand the cash to the cashier! Anyway, the deals are awesome on most items...(More than a DOZEN Stila lip glosses for about 24 bucks...versus I think about 20 for ONE? HUUUH?) just good on others. Use your monthly COSTCO coupons...and don't feel guilty with eating more than one sample. PS:  They only take cash, debit, checks and AMEX!
5	I love Costco! I grew up shopping at Costco with my mom. I even converted my husband; he cannot resist buying in bulk now that he's found Costco.However, my one complaint (but doesn't impact its star-worthiness) is that they would carry more Eco-friendly products (i.e., Seventh Generation)...it seems like that would fit perfectly with the bulk philosophy.They have a great incentive to apply for an AMEX card. If you don't have one, you'll have to use debit or cash; they do not take credit cards except AMEX. Who doesn't want cash back for shopping?! You can even get a risk-free membership that you pay $100, but get $50 back or you can pay only $50 and still get a membership (I can't remember the difference now, but boy did the employee make a good sale!).Like others have warned, If you aren't disciplined or have a list, you will walk away with things you never knew you needed but so glad you found: fire extinguishers, dual-flush toilet converter, a giant box of holiday bows... I'm impressed that they are adding more ethnic groceries too: grape leaves, seaweed wrap, etc.
5	Jonathan in Tire Center is excellent.  Get there when they open 10am or expect to need a friend for a lift.
4	Costco, in general, is a magical, magical place.  While there are only two of us in our household, I can always find things to buy in bulk at Costco.  In my opinion, Sam's Club hasn't got ANYTHING on the awesomeness that is Costco.Costco offers a lot of higher-end products.  I got some really nice cookware and storage bowls from there for a VERY reasonable price.  They have many high-end products they offer here, especially with electronics and small household appliances.  I like that they offer a lot of organic meats and cheeses, although I still find them a little more expensive than I care for.  I really like a lot of their Kirkland Signature products, which are far better than a lot of other generic products I've tried.  They also offer a large selection of vitamins (in bulk, of course) and natural healthcare products.  They also have GREAT prices on gasoline at their Costco member station.However, there are some days in which their large parking lot is nearly full with people.  On the weekends, it is SO chaotic there, and you often have to wait 15-20 minutes in the checkout lines to get your things.  This part annoys me quite a bit.  So long as I go there on the week days (except Fridays, of course), everything is honky dory about this place.
1	Drove 30 miles to purchase a membership for my mother-in-law. Was supposed to be a Christmas gift but was told we couldn't buy one for someone else. Really? I guess Sams Club has all our future business.
5	I really won't be able to say enough good things about Costco to do it justice.  I'd like to give you a little background on Costco first.James Sinegal is a co-founder and the CEO of Costco.  When Jim was young, his mother, unable to care for him, put him in an orphanage.  She later adopted him when she became able to care for him.  "Jim" Sinegal is known to be an empowering and selfless leader.  I'm not sure if Jim still pays himself $350,000 a year or not, but he only makes the super-big money if the company is doing so.  The employees at Costco are treated like family and they're paid fairly and receive exceptional benefits.  You'll see the satisfaction of the Costco family when you walk through the door.  The workers here are always willing to help, and they never seem annoyed to be doing their job.The products at Costco are all over the place.  There's an electronics section, clothing, cookware, mattresses, books, toys, vitamins, food, and the list goes on and on.  The variety of unique items makes for a fun shopping experience.  The rotation of different ethnic foods also offers the more reserved crowd an opportunity to try something new in the confines of their own homes.  The prices of Costco are great, and once you start sampling into their "Kirkland" brand, you'll be hooked on the quality.  There are so many great deals to be had.  It's almost impossible to go into Costco for the 36 rolls of toilet paper and come out with less than 10 purchases.  It's also almost impossible to go to Costco without trying samples from one of their many sample stations.As your trip to Costco comes to a close, you'll encounter their prepared food area.  The gigantic sign lets you know you can feed a family of four for $6.  You read that right.  You can get a quarter pound, all beef hot dog and a drink for $1.50.  Don't like hot dogs?  Wait...what?  There is also pizza, carne asada, chicken bake, smoothies, churros, etc.  My family almost always has lunch at Costco while we're here.  Try:  The Polish Sausage with sauerkrautAvoid:  The chicken bake (This thing is just weird)
5	I'm an unabashed fan.  For TV's, still the best bang for buck.  Tires for car still cheaper than most places and gas is normally .10 cents or more less a gallon.  It can get hectic, but if you take your time on a Saturday it can be a fun adventure.
5	Let's take a minute and just talk about the electronics at Costco. Yeah yeah...ignore the huge boxes of cereal and the 16 loaves of bread you can score in a matter of minutes. The TV selection and pricing at Costco are baller. BALLER. Did I want to purchase a new TV just days before the Superbowl? No. But we were due. And word on the street tells me that late January is one of the best times to score a solid deal on a TV. So we pulled the trigger and headed over to Costco to check out the goods. I now understand that when I say to my husband "let's look at TV's" all he hears is "let's go buy a TV." Noted. Costco has the Goldilocks of options - some too small, some too big and a nice variety that were juuuust right. I have to also give complete props to my main TV man, Andrew, who knew more about TV's, TV apps, 3D options, streaming, pixels, 1080pwhat? than the dudes I chatted with at Best Buy. He was helpful, he was honest and he was extremely knowledgeable. He was the furthest from pushy, too. So, if you're seeking a new TV of any size or price point, hit up Costco and take a look around.
4	I live a lot closer to the Costco in Matthews, but been here a couple times (either for gas) or picking things up after an airport run.  Great place to shop (be mindful of the bulk though) and the monthly coupon specials are nice as well.My one gripe with this location is the setup they have at their gas pumps.  Maybe this location was put in as an after-thought, but it's hard to navigate and make sure you are going the right way if you are looking for a pump lane.  Luckily it hasn't been too crowded when I've gone for gas.... but the Matthews location has a nice queue area where the cars are out of the way of the main incoming traffic to the stores.
4	Wooooo. What's Charlotte without huge warehouses full of stuff to buy? I come here sometimes with my parents when they decide to come strolling around after a Sunday Brunch or shopping. This Costco store is not the usual one I go to (I go to the other one in Matthews). The reason why I don't like this Costco is because 1. it's super far compared to where I live, and 2. The service here isn't that great because everyone here is a little more let's say "upper class."But, other than that, Costco always delivers... on everything. Electronics, food (tons of food), dried food, candy, pharmacy, pills, and whatever your heart desires this place probably has it. Note, when you shop here, the goal is to shop everything in bulk because they don't have that many choices like Wally World and other Grocery stores. Unless, you're buying something expensive like a television or a safe (did you know on their website they sell coffins?!)A good tip here is that whatever you grab just account it as $10. It usually ends up that every item averages around to $10 for usual shopping and it's a lot easier to keep up with how much you're going to spend. So when you get up to the cashier, you'll have an estimate in your head on how much you're about to drop for the week's grocery, in my case several weeks.If you do get the chance, apply for their American Express card. Note, I applied here but the service was so bad I was supposed to be under my parent's account they made a totally new account for me. Which then I had to go to my normal Costco to fix, which completely did. So, all in all, keep your eye out for those coupons and watch out for their customer service is probably the only two suggestions I can make about this Costco. And lastly, go crazy with bulk!
4	If you know Costco, you probably already love it. If you've never checked them out...get in your car now and drive like the wind to the warehouse nearest  you. Standard warehouse club layout but their selection of goods is decidedly more "high end" than the others of this genre even though they don't have as wide of a selection.The cool thing is that they only mark up each item no more than 15% over cost.The staff is great and always smiling.Check out the snack bar too, they sell a great hot dog and a drink for $1.50...how is that possible? And their new turkey and provolone panini style sandwich is better than most sandwich shop's fare.
3	Absolutely nuts. Lets just say that about this Costco compared to the other one in Charlotte. I think overall, Costco is good. Prices are reasonable, considering you're buying in bulk. This Costco is the more popular one in Charlotte, and there is absolutely no order when lining up if its busy. I came here after thanksgiving, and yeah...hectic. The staff does its best in trying to keep everything moving, but where they fail is that they need to open more checkout stations.Overall, I would rather go to the other Costco in Matthews if I had the choice...but the drive is a little further. Costco's layouts are all the same, so once you get used to it then its in and out.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this Costco - I LOVE the Costco!  Who doesn't need a 5 gallon tub of cream cheese?  I couldn't get through a weekend without that and 50 bagels... it's what keeps my motor running!Seriously.... their bagels are good.  And though you do have to buy 12, they freeze great too.  I buy bagels, english muffins and bread here at a big savings from the local grocery store (unless HT is running a sale...), so I buy and freeze.   The bakery department is great - the 3-flavor cookie pack of chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and white chocolate macadamia nut are always fresh and good.  When I bring those back to the office, I am the favorite for the day.  The small brownie bites are great, frosted sugar cookies are yum, cakes are HUGE and have a layer of filling in the middle (double sugar buzz!) and the muffins are giant and tasty (they also freeze well).I get a craving for flank steak every once in a while and they have great meat.  I marinate it and then get a block of the gorgonzola cheese that they have in the cheese section and either just melt that right on top of it, or make a gogon-butter.  I have also bought a ham from there that turned out great.Their pre-made meals - specifically the shepherd's pie if you can catch that - are very good as well.  Much easier than slaving over the stove when I get home.  They carry Babybel cheese (reg and light) at a fraction of what it costs at the grocery store - same deal with the original flavor of Laughing Cow.   The pizzas are HUGE - I took a take and bake home (less than $10, I think) and it was too big to fit in my oven (which reminds me of a story about an ex-boyfriend... *cough*).Anywhoozlebees!New mats for my kitchen - $7.  A gorgeous set of lamps that were $100/apiece at Target are $70 for a pair (great things come in pairs, no?).  Metal shelving rack that was $50 at Home Depot, $30 at Costco.  I could go on and on and on (and generally do).  Fuel is also usually $.10 cheaper than the surrounding filling stations.  If you need photos printed (I needed a 16 x 20 mounted), they can take care of that either in-store or via the handy dandy website.  The 16 x 20 turned out awesome and was available shortly after I ordered it for pick-up.As with all warehouse stores, sometimes your favorite things disappear, but that's okay, there is more to explore or it will be back!  I love March because corned beefs start showing up and I have a dirty love for corned beef and cabbage.  YAY COSTCO!!!
5	I am a total Costco fan.  Even worked there for a time.  Being a single person, I thought "what would I buy in bulk at Costco?"  The answer....?  Any and everything, lol!The electronics are great there, also.  Cannot count how many TVs, printers (for myself and others), phones, desk chairs, mattresses, etc., I have purchased.  I will only buy my jewelry at Costco.  Oh, yea...sign up as an executive member and receive a rebate check once a year for almost everything you purchase at Costco, that in itself pays for the membership.The longgg lines is a tribute to how great they are, plus, you get to meet so many neat people while waiting for the long lines to shorten.  Costco is the place to be!!!
4	Love the location of this Cosco, really clean, nice store, Overall really good experience here compared to mine in Ohio, Downside, the lines are usually pretty long, especially when picking up contacts. They must have a busy optical department. Workers are extremely friendly though!
4	You can definitely get more for your money at Costco but do be prepared for the crowd and the lines.  We shop there at least twice per year and save big on fruits, vegitables, wine, and certain meats.  If you want higher grade meats, you'll still need to spend a bit more at a butcher, Fresh Market or Whole Foods.  I've purchased, in some cases, 75% more food for the same price as normal grocers.  We primarily eat by the Paleo lifestyle and this is the way it's affordable.  We steer clear of the massive tubs of ice cream, mayo, and all that stuff, but I will say Costco can also be just as great of savings for the unhealthy eater!  Lots of food for the money!    Pick high travel times wisely!  I would recommend steering clear of Saturdays!
4	I have been shopping at this Costco for at least 10 years and there is really no reason to rate this location poorly. I have purchased everything from cell phones, which is cheaper here than getting it at your AT &T or Verizon dealer, I think they also support T-mobile at costco. If you need to renew your plan or start a new plan, do it at costco. The only down side is they won't ever carry iphones...costco does not believe in apple's philosophyOh, so enough with phones. We also upgraded our bulky TV to flatscreen plasma at costco. The printing paper I use are from costco and they are some awesome paper, hard, white and sturdy not some flimsy paper. Great return policy, as long as you still have half of a box open you can take it back if you are unsatisfied. Amazing deals sometimes when a product ends with .97 at the end. Amazing deals on milk, seriously you won't find anything cheaper than kirkland milk. We also get our eggs here, which is a better deal than local Harris Teeter. For the most part, Costco carries solid products, everything is the top of the notch brand. You can't go wrong with their daily yummy samples, oh and feelin' hungry after your shopping trip? No worries, you can grab some ready-made pizza, hot dog, frozen yogurt at the deli after you checkout. Amazing prices on gas deals...seriously I think their $50-ish per year membership deal is well worth it. They do not do one day shopping deals. Parking can get a bit hectic even though there are ample parking spaces.
4	No description needed.  Everyone knows what a Costco is.I just figured I'd tell you what my go-to items are there:1. Costco Kirkland medium roast whole coffee beans.  This stuff is really good, and it comes in huge green foil bags.  Depending on when you buy it, the price usually comes out to about $6/lb.  Good deal.2. Kirkland wrinkle free dress shirts.  Traditional or button down collar.  You might have heard Mitt Romney talk about how he buys his dress shirts at Costco.  Pretty sure he was lying about that, but if he does, good for him.  They're great shirts, look good with suits, and you can wash them at home and not worry about having to press them to get rid of wrinkles.  At less than $20, these shirts are an awesome deal.  One caveat: you have to cut the inside neck tags off, as they are scratchy and annoying.3. Big home-bake pizzas.  They have these back by the butcher section.  They're huge and loaded with fresh mozzarella and basil.  They also have meatier varieties.4. Pet food.  Not a lot of variety, but what they do have is cheap.5. Cheese.  Need a huge wedge of pecorino romano?  Sometimes I do.  That's when I go to Costco.6. Drugs and glasses.  I don't need either of these things, but my dad does, and he happily gets them at Costco.7. Floral arrangements.  My wedding anniversary is coming up?  Looks like I have to go to Costco.8. Very berry sundae.  After I get some shirts and cheese and flowers, I stop at the food concession and get a big ass berry sundae for something like a buck forty.9. Bread.  They have quality loaves of whole grain bread, and it's really cheap.Costco's prices are almost average on a lot of things, but the things I listed above are true bargains there.  Check it out.
5	As Mike K. said, Costco needs no description. Everyone knows what they and similar stores are like. What it does need is an argument for why you should have a club membership and why it's the best of the 3 major wholesale clubs. I for one, am convinced that absolutely everyone could benefit from a Costco membership.WHY CLUB MEMBERSHIP?1. As with all club stores, gas is 8-15 cents cheaper per gallon than local gas station. You'd be lucky to find it that cheap in SC.2. Make ONE big ticket purchase, be it new tires, a camera, TV, laptop, whatever, and you'll have saved enough to justify membership and then some!3. You don't have to be a family of 12 to make bulk food shopping economical. Meat freezes; canned/dry goods last ages; and last I checked, toilet paper doesn't expire. Besides, not everything is sold in gigantic quantities. Often it's just 2-3 regular sized items packaged together.4. You won't find cheaper beer anywhere. The selection may be limited. But for common brews, it's the way to go.WHY COSTCO?1. At the risk of stirring up sociopolitical controversy, Costco pays their employees - ALL OF THEM - a decent living wage, unlike some places that seem intent on keeping their serfs, um, I mean "associates" in abject poverty and dependent on government assistance programs. And they do it while turning a profit in the billions, proving that their competitors are just greedy and exploitative. 2. With the exception of Charlotte Regional Farmers Market, you won't find cheaper produce ANYWHERE! Red peppers, Brussels sprouts and asparagus are particularly noteworthy. And during summer, they're practically giving away raspberries and blackberries.3. Then there's the meat. Good god, the MEAT! Do I even need to spell out the benefits of getting it here? What they lack in variety they more than make up for in quality and price. Buy a giant slab of beef, pork, salmon, whatever, cut it into serving sized chunks, freeze them individually and you'll have meat/fish for weeks, if not months.
5	For the past four years since I switched to shop at Costco because of its location, quality of merchandise and their customer services are up to what I want, I really love this place more than before.For one person shopping, Costco isn't really save much but just like many of their stuff even I cannot use all.  I still shop there for grocery, many daily stuff, electronic, household stuff as I trust that are cheaper as a whole.Their Rotisserie chicken at $4.99 is incredible. There's nowhere you can buy a cooked chicken for that price.  Sure Costco is giving it away.First time, have a pair of prescribed glasses made.  Just love it.  Firstly, they have great designers frame with price unbeatable, even I use out of network insurance, I still save money.  At least the staff at optical department had not given me the feeling that money was grown on tree like many eye doctors' office.  I also found out that many of those staff used to work with Lens Crafter, my favorite optical place, just my insurance will not pay for me.Today, I went to the doctor who's office is attached to Costco.  She also came from Lens Crafter.  She was pretty honest.  She doesn't sell anything but just a doctor.  Therefore no conflict of interests.I dare not to go back to the doctor in Belmont that I have used for years because I feel they have mixed us my prescription that I was not able to see clearly.Anyway, I like Costco.  I'm sure they won't damage their repetitions that have been built for small interests.
5	Normally I wouldn't write a review for a mass chain like Costco, because as so many Yelpers before me have stated-everyone knows what to expect out of a Costco.  Giant warehouse, cheap yummy pizza, HUGE bags of chips, and gallons of ketchup.....However, that being said, as a member for over a year, I have enjoyed a few things that i thought I would share and have recently discovered.  #1)  If you are having a large gathering where there should be a sheet cake-ORDER IT HERE!  A sheet cake serves 48 people (minimum) and is only $17.99....AND IT'S DELICIOUS!  I ordered one for my boyfriends' birthday and decided on the vanilla cake, which is baked with a layer of cheesecake mousse and vanilla buttercream frosting....I got so many compliments at the party and people still talk about it!  #2)  The gas is cheap---NUFF SAID.#3)  If you are a fan of rotisserie chicken (I use it for recipes calling for cooked or boiled chicken as it tastes better and saves me time), they are always $5!  Yay!  #4)  For anyone loving the Jack's Fresh Salsa....they have a large sized tub for only $7....this is perfect for a gathering!  And so fresh tasting!  #5)  And finally, the steaks are perfection!  I have gotten many different cuts of beef from here from ribeyes to filets to roast cuts and every single time they are wonderful.  Honestly, if you are wanting to impress someone on a date night or a party-bring a steak from here!  That's my 5 tips for Costco.....yeah, they also have tons of samples at all times which isn't a bad thing.  Makes the shopping trip more fun :)
5	I come for the pizza($1.99 a slice) or the Polish dogs ($1.50 for a dog and a drink). Can you all tell me where to get a better deal..... i didn't think so.
5	I have been a member for over 12 Years,  shopped in warehouses all over the country and always enjoyed my experience.  The warehouse on tyvola is of course one of my favorites.  The staff treats you like FAMILY, and I do mean a DESIRED member of the family.  IF I've been away your missed and they go out of their way to provide exquisite customer service.  Costco is my fruit and vegetables spot, making my resupply for smoothies and juicing simple and pain-free..... Well worth the membership fees,  I have the business executive card and it pays for itself with the annual 2% rebate check.
4	Yeah, so there's really no need writing a long elaborate review about Costco. I'll spare you (just this once) and talk about a few of my favorite things:1. Freshly Baked Bread. It's baked fresh in the store and for less than $5 you get TWO loaves. My personal favorite is the Whole Grain. It's crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I surprise myself with just how fast I can eat the whole thing, it's just that darn good. 2. Ginormous cupcakes.  It looks like these cupcakes ate 3 regular cupcakes. I'm not kidding. And they have RED VELVET....which is my favorite.  The size aside, these things are moist and delicious with just the right amount of icing. 3. Pizza. It's huge, take and bake and just delicious. What else do I need to say?4. Hotdog Combo. For $1.50 you get a hotdog AND a drink. Shut up! Where else does that happen? Just a quick note, they have sauerkraut is behind the counter, just ask for a container and load up your dog with your other toppings and enjoy!Well, that's a few of my favorite things. But I've never been disappointed visiting this location. And with all the good stuff this place offers you could say I'm definitely a fan!
3	Your standard Costco.  Lots of stuff with good prices and high quantities.
3	Good prices on bulk items and the hot dog and drink for 1.50 cant be beat if you are hungry. The sunday with yogurt is also good
4	I love this store. Its the best in the country. Excellent customer service anytime . great quality stuff becit food or clothes or electronics. Gas prices are a boon. But a tip if you are living close to Ballantyne or within Charlotte get ur gas from south Carolina Walmart...India land. Cheaper than Costco
4	Just love Costco! If you want super high quality meats, or bulk items of any kind, then Costco is your place! I go here whever I am throwing my famous wine parties as you can get a lot of mean for the $$$. Also, Costco (supposedly) is THE #1 wine retailer in the US, and you'll know why when you see their selections. As a true wine lover, I always check out what they are offering and throw a few into the cart whether I need wine or not (OK, I ALWAYS "need" wine - like a hole in the head!). This is THE place to come for paper towels, toilet paper, dishwashing liquid, laundry detergent, etc. because they offer the most competitive prices as long as you are willing to buy it in bulk. They sell very few small items here so be prepared to buy larger bulk items. That's their business model, similar to Sam's. Oh and they have many really cool frozen items, like cheesecakes, appetizers, etc. I can't seem to get out of this place for under $300, but that's MY problem!Really love Costco!
5	Just take my money... I can't seem to leave Costco for under $100. LOLCostco seriously has everything you could possibly need... High quality food, cheap gas, wine, a great bakery, frozen foods for days, canned goods, caskets (WTF), tires, home goods, furniture, electronics, an optometrist, pharmacy, and so on and so on... It's the only place on Earth (that I know of) that you can walk out with a pair of Hudson jeans, big ass ribeye steaks, and a new set of tires for your car in one trip. Pro tip: You do not need a Costco membership to use the pharmacy.
4	Great for bulk.
