1	The only decent thing on the menu is the salmon but even that is average at best. Avoid if you can. The place looks dingy, the staff looks surly, and the edamame is limp... I don't see the point of this place.
1	Was out of town for business and decided to try this place out... bad decision.  I'm surprised they're still in business.  I should have done my research but basically, this place sucks.  The food was terrible and extremely bland.  For the price, I expected more quality dishes.  You're better off going to Pick Up Stix (if they have it in AZ) or some type of Asian buffet.
1	This was and experience.  First off the place was dead, which should have been an indicator for us to leave.  The employee who took our order was extremely monotone.  I ordered a yakisobe (if thats how you spell it) and my friend ordered a beef teriyaki bowl.  My plate was basically all vegetables, little to no noodles.  The chicken was mostly gristle and the entire dish was very bland.  My friend's plate was also very bland.  He felt that the rice to beef ratio was extremely off.  It was a tad under $20 total for the both of us.  We wish we would have stuck to a something more typical or had made a sandwich at home.  I havent the slightest of ideas as to how this place is still open.  Trust me if you are thinking of eating here you should just go to costco and buy some of those microwaveable teriyaki bowls.  You get like 8 for $15 and they are a billion times better.  This place made Panda Express seem like fine dinning.
4	The three one star reviews seem pretty unforgiving, but I have to tell you, while waiting on tires from Discount Tire next door, my son and I came over and he had a small chicken teriyaki bowl with rice that was very tasty.  I kept having a bite or two or three because it really was good.  My son also thought it was quite good!We had an eggroll which was tops also.  I would say this place is great for lunch or quick dinner.  Prices are reasonable I thought and i am not sure about that reviewer that said to go get a frozen dinner..lol.  Anyways, not bad overall.  Soda fountain had free refills.
1	Unfortunately, there is no 0 star option.I had to write this review quickly in case I die of e-coli. The ONLY item I had that did not cause me to gag was the inari sushi (fried bean curd shell stuffed with rice).The bowl I ordered was absolutely the worst I have EVER had. EVER.The California rolls despicable.The meat was dry. No hint a moisture or flavor. Based on the flavor, I wonder if it was even chicken. Seriously, it sucked the moisture out of my mouth when I "tried" to eat it.The vegetables had flavor, but not a good flavor. Spoiled cabbage comes to mind. I think they cooked it last week. Out of $20 of food I at the Inari and tossed everything else.(Almost "tossed" what I did eat.The california rolls must have been made three days ago. The rice had dried out into a solid clump of gross surrounding some rotting celery, dry artificial crab meat and avocado wrapped is smelly nori. Shame shame shame shame on Kyoto Bowl!!!!Oh, it was VERY clean in the lobby...because NO-ONE comes in to mess it up.Ef this place!
