5	I had a really great time at this event. I have been a fan of "I love Lucy" since elementary school. This show did not disappoint! The costumes were amazing, spot on! The performances really captures the characters on the show. I have never seen a show like this one, it was so unique. I would highly recommend it!!
5	I love Lucy! Indeed. And Ricky too! What a delightful start to the year 2015! I feel like I've been transported part to the early 1940s and totally enjoyed the joyfulness and lightheartedness of the crew! Having grown up outside of the U.S., this is my first exposure to Lucy. I thoroughly enjoyed the Broadway show, even without the prior knowledge of Lucy! I love songs, jokes and dancing; and I love Lucy incorporated all of those with the cute bickering couple Lucy and Ricky. I also really enjoyed the interaction by the cast with audience! Especially the quiz where they actually brought on a live audience and she won a huge goodie bag!! Although she did have to suffer through some poking fun by the host. Also, the backup singers did an amazing job of live commercials. Really entertaining with their dance moves and jingles. Thank you Corey for sharing this wonderful show with us! It was a brilliant start to the new year! For sure! ;)
4	Had a great time! Thanks Yelp for another great night at the Overture!The show offered a little bit of everything. Good humor, dancing and...Lucy! I really enjoyed the commercial breaks, thought those were nicely peppered in there. Not everything was perfect, but overall a great production of I Love Lucy. If you are a fan of the show, I would absolutely recommend going!
5	"Luuuuuucy! You have some 'splanin to do!!"  I did not know what to expect from the show.  I managed to convince the fiance to tag along.  He was much less excited than I, especially since it meant walking in the frigid weather from the parking garage.Fast forward:  the set and play was designed around the I Love Lucy show being filmed in Hollywood, movable cameras and all.  They had two "tapings" with commercials and all!  Audience interaction was a plus.  I totally busted out laughing a few times...Fiance even laughed several times!  Immediately after the show, we both texted our parents to see if they would have the chance to go.  The show put both of us in happy, go-lucky land for the rest of the night!The show would be entertaining for Lucy Lovers and young, entertainment-goers unfamiliar with the Lucy history, alike!  Great for families and appropriate for the young ones.
5	I Loved this show! But then I grew up with this show and with all of the ads and jingles too. If you can sing the Chevrolet theme song you will also love this show.Great singing, costumes and acting. Thea was a fantastic Lucy and the actor who played Desi Arnaz was also wonderful.The action revolves around being in the live TV audience as they filmed two of the episodes in 1952. The MC had the super energy and all of the cast was professional grade. (not always available in Madison, sorry to say)Do you remember Brylcreem? Go see this show!! Laugh! This is a bright spot in a dark and cold Wisconsin winter!!Thanks to Corey D for getting the theater-loving yeeps some ticks.
5	Back in the day when there were only a few channels to chose from, I used to watch reruns of I Love Lucy.  I, of course, remember the tradermark Lucy's bawling and Ricky shouting for an explanation and it was fun to see if on stage.  The show's theme was based around shooting 2 episodes of I Love Lucy and the us (the audience) was the live studio audience they would be taping in front of.The show is definitely geared towards the I Love Lucy aficionados but I feel everyone would enjoy it.  Costumes were spot on as well as the vernacular that was used.Hats off, as well, the the beautiful space the held the show.  I haven't been to the Capitol Theater and forgot how absolutely beautiful it is.  I am a sucker for old playhouses and this one, built in 1928, has been restored and was a perfect setting for a great night.
5	If you've never seen  I love Lucy (and apparently some of you youngin's never have) get on the interweb and check 'em out before you go. I used to watch this show (not re-runs) when I was a wee one. Lucille Ball was the most important and influential female comedian of the 20th century. The I Love Lucy show was ground breaking television. A 'mixed' couple (white and Latino) living the American dream. Desilu productions became a Hollywood powerhouse going on to produce other TV shows like Mission: Impossible, Mannix, and Star Trek.But, on to The Show. Thea Brooks was awesome as Lucy. She had the voice, the physical humor down pat. While the balance was a bit off on the some of the ensemble vocal numbers, they'll get that fixed pretty quick, The Ricky Ricardo actor was pretty great too. He grew up in a Cuban family and his accent was perfect. The dancing was terrific. I had never been to the Capitol Theater so that was an added bonus.Thanks Corey for putting it all together. It was great to see some familiar (and some new) Yeeps turning out for live Theater. Live theater is The Best!
4	If you are one of the multitude of 'Baby Boomers' that grew up with Slinkys, Silly Putty, "The Cold War", Jiffy Pop Popcorn, and you being your dad's t.v. remote, then the current production of "I Love Lucy - Live" will be right up your alley! Currently playing in the warm and inviting Capital Theater at Overture Center, this show is a wonderful diversion from the current cold temperatures outside. It will warm your heart and transport you back to a much simpler time and place.A representation of how television shows were filmed, yes.........filmed....in the 1950's and 60's, the production gives you a glimpse of how the 'I Love Lucy Show' was staged and the hi-jinx that occurred on stage. Between the period costumes, sets, music, and the entertaining commercials, you really feel like you've been transported back to 1952! I really felt like I should have had that Banquet T.V. dinner sitting right in front of me.Lucy, portrayed expertly by Thea Brooks, gives us all the well-known mannerisms, lines, fake crying, and calls for "Rickyyyyyyyy", that we would fully expect. Euriamis Losada, who portrays Lucy's harried and lovable husband Ricky, belts out the show tunes that would make the original performer proud. Backed by a cast of seasoned singers/actors/dancers, this national touring company does a wonderful job of transporting you back to the glory days of Hollywood.As many Lucy re-runs as I remember seeing as a kid, I don't remember the two episodes that are presented as being produced and filmed, if they were really produced. However, the Madison Avenue ad-men that created some of the corniest commercials ever (at least by today's standards), and which really were produced, would be totally pleased to hear how many of their singing commercials I, and others in the crowd, knew the words to. Hard to forget 'a little dab will do ya!"So whether you're a baby-boomer or a Gen-X'er, you've no doubt seen at least one I Love Lucy Show and seeing this production live, and in living color!, will probably be the best two hours you'll spend over the next week. Now let's get down there Baba-luuuuuuuu!
5	What a fun time on a cold, cold night! I grew up watching I Love Lucy, so was excited to go and see this show. I was not disappointed. It was done as you were in the audience at a taping of two I Love Lucy shows, complete with commercials for Alka Seltzer, Halo Shampoo, Brylcream and Chevrolet. Costumes were spot on, including Lucy's navy blue polka dotted dress, of course. They worked in little "tricks" from back then of producing the show and the man that emcee'd was great.  The man that plays Ricky is just spot on with his accent and mannerisms! Lucy, Ethel and Fred all do a great job of making us believe we have been transported back in time. It was a totally enjoyable evening that made me laugh and remember back to the good old days. I miss those days of TV after seeing this production and may need an I Love Lucy marathon.Thanks Corey for organizing and it was great to finally meet you in person!
5	When Corey sent the email about tickets being available for the show I jumped at the opportunity to score 2 free tickets. What a fun night! I honestly didn't watch a ton of I Love Lucy when I was little, but I knew enough about the show to know (kind of) what to expect. But the show was so much better than I even expected. The cast were great, and Lucy and Ricky were perfect in their roles. I loved the combination of humor from the show, and humor from pulling an audience member on stage. My boyfriend and I were both entertained the entire time. The Overture Center is beautiful, and our seats weren't half bad at all. Only complaint was that they are so close together. My boyfriend was pretty uncomfortable by the end of the show. He's pretty tall so he had to pretty much sit in a ball the whole time. But, I realize that's not always something that can be avoided!
4	This show really captured the magic of I Love Lucy. The leads make you forget that it really isn't the stars of the show.  The additional touches sometimes outshined the actual show. The cute commercials that are reminiscent of the time added a special touch.The cast is small but each cast member is so talented. They are highlighted in different skits and episodes. While there are two stars of the show, the supporting cast is phenomenal. The Overture Hall was the perfect size for the show. I would definitely recommend this show to anyone who loved the show or is looking for a lighthearted night out.
