5	I went to high school with Anna and when I was home I went in for a facial at her new salon- As someone who LOVES day spas, massages, and facials- I couldn't believe how GREAT Anna's services were. I have since gone back over the last several months and have had every facial she offers! The ambiance that is created and the personal attention is beyond any amount of praise I can give for this salon. I had the hot stones last time I was there and they were amazing! I have since got a facial back here in CT and it was $110 for 50 minutes-- the price at this salon was $75 for 115 mins AND she makes you a foot soak before the facial- the service was even better!! hands down- best salon in the Northeast!Anastasia's also sells a bunch of really highend, high quality products. I am addicted to the Kate Somersville Purifying Cleanser-- it smells like tea tree and peppermint and leaves your skin soft but clean and takes off makeup (including mascara).  She also sells a really nice lip moisturizer that leaves your lips very kissable! My husband loves when I use that product!!! Finally, I really like the Sundari candles that she sells- the leave a really nice relaxing scent throughout the room- reminds me of my spa experience!!! Go and check it out!UPDATE: I ordered some products off the website and they arrived two days later!! how is that for customer service! i was so impressed!
5	I have had my share of facials in Pittsburgh salons and in fancy day spas while on vacation.  However, I'd never been to a day spa that only does facials until I visited Anastasia Skin Care.  Anastasia has a lovely space- it is relaxing, inviting, and clean.  I have returned multiple times to indulge and treat myself to something that makes me feel good and makes my skin look awesome.
5	Anna(stasia) Skin Care is a one woman operation.  She's got a small room tucked away on Walnut, and locks the door while she is doing treatments.  I actually find this rather charming, since my old eyebrow queen back in San Francisco was exactly this way - you know that you have her complete attention.The salon is tasteful and relaxing.  I had my eyebrows waxed ($18) and thought she did a great job - she listened to all of my concerns and gave me directive, but gentle advice, on how we could work together to get my eyebrows back into shape (after a disastrous eyebrow experience elsewhere in Pittsburgh).  I would go back to her again in a heartbeat, and can't wait until I have an opportunity to try her facials.  It's taken me almost two years to find a good eyebrow person in Pittsburgh, and I'm not letting this one go!I'll also say that she has the most soothing voice ever.
5	Such a lovely experience!  Anna is super nice and her tiny spa is very calming and elegant.  $10 off facials for first time customers, making her facials pretty reasonable.  I got the Deep Detox, which felt really healing and clarifying for my summer acne.  She also had a lot of knowledge about what might be causing my skin problems and some interesting solutions I hadn't heard before.  I would definitely go back in a heartbeat and would recommend her to anyone.
5	Just wanted to give yet another shout out to Anna for being my go-to person in terms of skincare and beauty for my wedding.  About a week before the big day, I went in for a facial, which was probably one of the best I've ever had.  I was SOOO relaxed during the whole experience and just wanted to go home and take a nap afterwards.  My skin also looked and felt great.On the day of, Anna did my wedding make up and she was phenomenal.  First, she spent SO much time with me to figure out what my look would be, and even went with me to Sephora (conveniently just across the street!) to pick out products that we would use.  She also did a test run with me on the day I had my facial, and I knew that everything was going to be great.  I looked great on the day of, and what was especially important to me is that Anna made sure that I was comfortable and happy with my look.  She didn't do anything too heavy, and made sure that I would look as natural as possible.  I have only seen a few photos so far, but I look fantastic, and a lot of that, I am sure, has to do with my fabulous makeup artist.Thanks Anna!
5	I sometimes think Anna cares more about my skincare regimen than I do! She is a wealth of information on taking care of your skin in the utmost natural and healthiest ways. She makes it a point to always provide her customers with the most organic and natural products too.I have had the great luxury of going to Anna for facials for a few years now and she does a magnificent job! I have recently been dealing with some adult acne and my skin always looks clearer and healthier after her facials. My face is usually glowing hours later as well. Anna started offering eyebrow waxing a couple of years ago and I have been going ever since. She always listens to exactly how you want them to turn out and makes it a painless procedure! She also always squeezes me in for an eyebrow appointment no matter how little time in advance I call. The best of part of this salon is that it's a one-woman show and Anna is able to give me her full attention to you every time!
5	Anna's Skin Care is AMAZING.  Not only do I love Anna, but she does fantastic work.  I have been going to Anna for microderm and it's been fantastic.  Very clean, very relaxing.  She has given me tons of info regarding different treatments that would be great for my skin.  Her skin care treatments have become a part of my general routine.  When I go back to LA I will miss Anna.
5	Anna Skin Care is tucked inside the little mall on Walnut Street in Shadyside. Light blue-purple and white colors with lots of light and spa music welcome you as you open the door to thee cozy shop. Anna is incredibly friendly and did a great job with my eyebrows. I tend to tear up a lot with wax but Anna talked to me throughout the time and surprisingly I did not tear up. The terry cloth covering she had that I laid on was super soft too. What I was pleasantly surprised by is that Anna gave me some advice on my eyebrows to take care of them which is unlike the other places I have been to where I usually just have my eyebrows done and I am out the door. I would totally go back to Anna Skin Care to get my eyebrows done again and possibly a facial too which looked very tempting.
5	Once upon a time.............I had decent eyebrows. Then one day my husband pointed out the fact that I had two mismatched, ugly ass eyebrows (ok, HE didn't say they were ugly, but they were hidious). I blame it on the fact that I had no job at the time. Clearly, I had too much free time on my hands and the obvious answer to fill up my time was to pluck one eyebrow. What about the other eyebrow, you ask? I don't have an answer. Fast forward a few years later and I have found the answer to all of my eyebrow woes at Anna Skin Care. Anna herself is super sweet. Her shop, nestled on Walnut St, is airy, bright, and clean. She took the time to listen to what I wanted and gave me several tips on how to manage my eyebrows until my next waxing. The end result was exactly what I hoped for! Although I've seen several waxers over many years (not here in PA), Anna's work has been the best and I will definitely be back. Next time I might just have to treat myself to a facial as well!
5	I was in the neighborhood for some errands when I came upon the sign for this business as I was walking to my car. Booked an appointment that was for today,and it was amazing. My skin feels great, and she took the time to get to know me and figure out what products would work best on my skin. will definitely be back again.
5	First off, I am picky.  I search out the best facial in every city I live in (Boston, Santa Cruz, Atlanta, Chicago, not to mention my stints in the UK and Canada).  So far, without doubt Anna's is the best.  La Vida (Shadyside) was so mediocre I couldn't get over it.  Eva Szabo (East Liberty) was thorough but felt perfunctory and not worth the cost.  Evolve Wellness Spa (Shadyside) was underwhelming and rushed.  And UPMC Cosmetic (Shadyside) was the same.  Good but not great.  Anna's is great.  The perfect mix of pampering and technique:  the hot stones are luxurious and amazing, but she also knows how to analyze and treat skin.  Everytime I see her I feel like the *right* decisions are being made for *my* skin, rather than some pro-forma set of procedures.  I cannot recommend her enough.
5	Nice experience:)!
5	I have been getting facials for years.  When I moved to Pittsburgh, I quickly set out to find my new go-to facial person.  I stumbled upon Anna.  One time and I was hooked.  It is by far the best facial I have ever had.  I recommend her without hesitation.  She does book by appointment- and she books fast! However, if you ask her to call you if there is a cancellation you can usually get in that way.  She will also come in on Sundays if she has enough requests.  Price is great for a 75 minute facial. I love that she starts with a foot soak(not included in your "on table time"). The whole experience is fantastic!
5	I've gone to see Anna for a few Express Facials and been absolutely delighted every time. One of the things I like best is that Anna has taken the time to listen to my concerns and also to observe my skin, and has tailored the treatments accordingly. She's also very good about remembering my skin from one visit to the next, and noticing the differences. I have some issues with gluten, and a friend of mine has issues with dairy, and Anna's been careful not to expose either of us to things that might make us sick.The space is clean and calming, and Anna is always relaxed (which helps me relax). Plus, the bed is heated when the weather outside is chilly, which is just about the best thing ever.
5	After reading consistently good reviews of her business, I scheduled a routine eyebrow wax with Anna over my lunch break.  She was incredibly professional, courteous, and quick. Anna gives special attention to client concerns and answered any questions I had very well. She was also able to recommend how I should maintain my brows, and gave tips for growing them out. I had a great experience overall and will definitely be going back.
5	I love going to Anna to get my eyebrows waxed. She is so sweet and her studio is super comforting and cozy. You email to schedule your appointment which is super convenient. I wish I could schedule all of my appointments via email. Although it can often take a few weeks to get an appointment...it's totally worth the wait. There is a reason Anna is so busy.
5	Anna is fantastic!  I loved her facial.  It starts with a nice relaxing foot soak and then a very in depth facial process which includes hot stone face and neck massage as well as the arms and legs.  She is very thorough and this was the first time the products used kept my face just as nice and soft the following morning.  She also gave me great tips to prolong the effects of my monthly facial since I mentioned that at other places, I wasn't noticing much of a difference.  Though there isn't much space to remain if you come early, there is a fantastic coffee shop adjacent to her place that you can enjoy.  Try the Ghiradelli Mocha blended or iced - it is amazing!
5	My wife loves this place. Anna is great!
5	Anna is great!! I've been here twice, with over 6 months in between & I couldn't believe she remembered me! Even asked how my toddler was! She is not only personal & provides a great atmosphere, she shaped my eyebrows like a goddess! Very happy & will be going back!
5	Needed my eyebrows waxed for a wedding. Scheduling was simple and hassle free. My appointment was so enjoyable. I was very relaxed. My brows were waxed to perfection. I would go back again.
