5	I went for my inaugural allergy appointment with this group and instantly fell in love.  Their staff are super-friendly and the building is brand new and pretty (which just made me feel instantly less congested upon entering).  I am forever grateful to them for testing me to confirm, in fact, that I am not allergic to cockroaches, feathers, and various kinds of pollen.
1	Would not recommend them after our experience. Yes, they tested for allergy and gave me a list of what my son was allergic to. But no support, no help with what can be done in this situation. If you are gonna deliver a bad news to someone atleast extend some support and be there. Don't stand there staring at them to get out. Doc did not spend enough time during both visits.Also, as a courtsey can you not call the patient to tell them what they are allergic to? Why wait another 5 days for them to come in when you have the reports ready today? I guess that second visit is very important so that you can bill the insurance company. I kept feeding my son the same stuff he was allergic to while they had the report. I could've stopped if the called me and gave some information. All they did in the follow up was hand me that report and told me not to give him stuff he is allergic to. Stay away from them. Find a doc who would help you find the cause of issue and offer you a plan of action.
5	Extremely happy with my Dr. and all of the nurses.  I highly recommend treatment at this practice.  This probably holds true with any allergy practice, it's crowded when kids are out of school.  Be it after school or during spring/summer/winter breaks.  Plan accordingly.  The staff can tell you when the rush times are and check out the schedule they have posted on Google calendar to see if they have adjust hours, or are closed for pre holiday etc.  I have no regrets.  Stephanie A., why cant you keep your co-pay statements or your EOB's from your insurance instead of a year end statement?
1	Brought my 4 year old daughter here. They scratched her 100 times s she cried. I had too tell them to stop. My fault that i didn't know what to expect and let out go too long. There fault that they are supposed to center their practice around children and have no compassion our common sense when dealing with children. I think perhaps they should stop taking new patients if they are so busy they can't take the time to care for there patience.
4	I finally got tired of dealing with near constant allergies so after looking around a bit I decided on AZ Allergy Assoc.  The PA I saw (Tonilyn) is quite knowledgeable and thorough.  The office staff is great, getting approval for a CT scan in under and hour.  For those with little kids (under 6) I asked about how they do the tests.  it is a 8 point scratch test that is done all at once.  I haven't had my kids in yet but we will after we see how my treatments go.
4	I  finally got tired of dealing with near constant allergies so after looking around a bit I decided on AZ Allergy Assoc.  The PA I saw (Tonilyn) is quite knowledgeable and thorough.  The office staff is great, getting approval for a CT scan in under and hour.  For those with little kids (under 6) I asked about how they do the tests.  it is a 8 point scratch test that is done all at once.  I haven't had my kids in yet but we will after we see how my treatments go.Update 10/12/13:   We had our 11 year old and our 4 year old tested today.  There was no drama.  The 11 year old got the regular scratch test and the 4 year old got two 8 point tests given at once.  We are very happy.
5	We have been Going to AAA for about 7 years now and I'm always so happy with the service my children receive. Dr. Darryl Wong is fantastic, and always gives us quite a bit of personal attention. He answers all of my questions and offers excellent advice. I feel empowered that I am able to manage my children's allergies. On an unrelated note, I love Dr. Wong's Snoopy ties. Keep up the good work, AAA.
5	We actually went to the location in Mesa, but we absolutely love Arizona Allergy Associates! My fiance and I were trying to get a puppy. Turned out he is allergic to dogs, even though he had dogs his whole life. We went to our family doctor to get him tested and get answers. They were useless. They basically said he is so allergic to dogs that if he even went near one, he might go into anaphalactic shock. ( Btw, as they told us the results on the phone, my fiance was currently playing with my uncles dog.) Feeling confused and upset about the results, which were not explained or anything, we were referred by a family member to AAA. We made an appointment and they got us in right away. They took my fiance back and spent some time getting his med history and talking about his main concerns. They even went so far as to find the results of the blood work the family doctor performed. They recommended we do a wide spectrum allergy scratch test on my fiances back and get results within 15 minutes of doing the test. We went ahead and did that. My fiance said it didn't hurt, just a bit itchy of course. Then the nurse came in and recorded the results, and then the doctor came in and went over in detail what the results were. She was awesome! She explained why he was allergic to dogs and other things now that he is older. She understood our situation and advised us how to proceed. She did not give us the standard advice to "Stay away from dogs.", instead she told us how to proceed in order to maximize our chances to get a dog in the future. In short, she restored our hope. We are so thankful for the AAA staff and look forward to working with them in the future. We absolutely will refer anyone with allergies to seek them out. Don't let your allergies dictate your future.
