2	The only reason I gave this more than a one star was because of the bouncer who let us in--some of the guys had sneakers on.  I guess it does have eclectic decor, like the website said...and the dancers were fun to watch.What negates these good points were 1) the waitress was soo slow, we waited 15 minutes for our order and she still didn't get to us.  2) the crowd was a little older than what we wanted.  3) it was very small, therefore, very packed on a Saturday nite.  4) their damn stamp on my hand was a bitch to take off.Too bad the Pussycat Lounge was too crowded....
5	Not a very hip crowd. but  the BF and I went at a slow hour to watch the girlies. great stop after mesa and before sapphire.**we went to shadow bar again on friday night and it was swarmed with middle aged suburbians, most of whom were blocking our view. there was this one lady about 45 wow, she was trrrashed and dancing her ass off, fairly entertaining.i would recommend going at off peak hours.
3	please fire the girl with the abnormally large nipples maybe its just personal bias but i just don't want to see that when im getting my booze on. big nipples freak me out and they should be kept under wraps in a lightly lined bra. the drinks were good and there were places to sit always a plus.
4	I liked this place a lot on my recent trip to Vegas. The 'shadow dancers' create a playful vibe without any sleazy aftertaste and the service is reasonable based on the crowd. I do think they fight the vibe they create by not having a dance floor, but not being a dancer myself, it didn't really bother me. If you're looking for some fun, check this place out.
4	This is one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas (actually probably my favorite.)  My friend and I met an older guy here once and he bought us drinks, took us to the Palms (paid for the cab), paid for us to get into the Ghost bar (paid extra money to get us to the front of the line) and Rain, then we ditched him.  I've been back several times since then, haven't met anymore sugar daddies.  The bartenders (one of them, Christian, has won the national bartender competition for flare and all that) are always fun to flirt with and make super strong drinks.  Be close to the bar when they do their show.  They get on top of each others shoulders, do these crazy tricks with bottles, glasses, etc.  Then they give away a bunch of free shots, so step up to the bar and get your free shot.  One afternoon we just sat at the bar (it was dead) while one of the bartenders made us different drinks he had made up.  We left feeling very happy.
4	Probably the best bar in Vegas! If you're in Vegas and its your birthday or bachelor/bachelorette party, this place is a must.
4	If you're going to go to a semi-strip bar on the Strip to be stripped of your cash, you may as well do it here.  Caesar's will cheekily toe the line of being trashy whilst still remaining the epitome of class, and the Shadow Bar is a prime example of that.  It's tongue and cheek titillation lends a little bit of naughtiness to the place and makes it a perfect place to start off a super-special date.  The drinks are pricey, but, you know, you're at Caesar's.  The decor is classy and comfortable.  The flair bartenders add a little bit of je ne sais quios, if you're into that whole flair thing.  They also offer a select tapas menu.  It's a good place to start or end a night.
5	No cover, strong drinks, plenty of seating, hot naked women behind back-lit silk screens, and some of the speediest, nicest cocktail servers I've ever encountered. Crowd is mostly 30 somethings and some random older men.  Quite a few more guys than girls, if that interests you.  (I thought it was a little strange...like they were all on the prowl).Overall: Low key, great dj spinning top 20 hits, hot eye candy on display (behind screens, that is), and strong drinks.*Be prepared to spend $6 for a bottled beer, $8 & up for call drinks.
4	It's surprising I haven't written about this place. Shadow Bar is actually a world famous bar in Ceasar's Palace. It's been covered on the travel channel and a bunch of reality shows. This my friend Josh was set up to audition for Flair here. But he's actually a Carnival Court Bartender. Christian also works here. Not Delpeche the other one. Francisco from Italy works there too. They house some of the best flair bartenders in town. The Shadow Dancers are dancers behind the bar hidden and dancing in a sillouette of light. It's a very sexy and chill bar.  The crowd ranges from locals who know all the workers to convention goers in all wakes of life. The drinks are also pretty average in price for Vegas Strip prices. Nothing really special. Their gimmick is chicks dancing behind a screen and Flair. it's cool if you want a small intimate section to chill and drink and people watch.
5	I had to take some time off from writing reviews from our "Girls Gone Wild Weekend in Vegas".  But I knew I would come back for this one.  Shadow is special.  It holds a special place in my heart.  And if my memory serves me correctly it was a fuckin' blast and a half!So it is Saturday, we have one more night in Vegas. We leave the Palms back for Caesar's. Do we battle the insane line outside of Pure (oh and by the way thanks homegirl for trying to entice us with the offers of free tables, bottles, club fees, etc. ) but after walking around in hooker heels for hours already we decided to go to our room get comfy (flip flops) and then proceed to wreck shop at the Shadow bar.The drinks were nice and strong.  The dancers were hot of course but we weren't really paying attention as we were doing our own bump n' grind routines.  Was it the place or the people?  I say it was a good combination of both!  Special shout out to Stunna Steve and his glasses.
4	Your first night in Vegas, traveling in a pack of 15, and only cover charges in sight, who do you call on?SHADOW BAR!It is hard (even for me) to not stare at the mesmerizing curves behind the white screen (are they real or fake? well, that one bounces, that one doesn't?). ONE STAR. It is always nice when the first drink you order is on the house - in this case, many thanks to the bartender from Glendale who comped us those 15 house shots, and put on a WONDERFUL show doing it (see local photo). An hour's worth of fun a la zero cover and gratis drinks. Sweet! TWO STARS.It is also fun to shake your booty to the Top 40 and popular hits that they spin, while claiming your space in the bar for you and your crowd. Swing hip left, swing hip right, swing hip left, swing hip right. Do it with me now. It is also a blast testing out who knows the most lyrics of those songs. DT - you totally win hands down. THREE STARS. It is hilarious to watch boys-and-girls-who-really-shouldn't-be grinding each other, hugging each other, kissing each other *oh ick*, and going to the floor with it all. FOUR STARS - ONE STAR = THREE STARS.It is just exciting to know that on a random Friday night, you are in Vegas, at Caesar's, in your party gear, with your bestest friends. On the town. FOUR STARS.A good time to be had by all!
4	If there's a reason I haven't been writing quite as much on Yelp, lately, it's because of this place!The drinks are expensive, the bartenders are world-class bottle tossers, and there are naked women behind translucent glass, some of whom make you want to drop the drink you _just_ ordered right on the floor.It's a pretty cool place and you'll easily find yourself forgetting there are beautiful sillouhettes of women dancing behind you as you drink up and chat with your friends.
4	Shadow Bar is always fun.  We took my brother in law here at the end of the night figuring he would get a kick out of it and he did.  Usually you can find seats at a table but even if you can't its never overcrowded.  The girls that dance behind the screens are usually pretty good dancers but on my last trip there were a few that just weren't into it that night.
2	I'm from Austin, Texas.  We used to have a bar just like this on Sixth Street called Shadow Lounge.  What a weird, creepy idea.  I just can't get into that.  It's easier just to not be elbowed through a crowd and get free champagne at the slot machines a few feet away.
4	Great place to people watch.  And the shadow dancers are fund to watch.
4	I felt like I was on the set of a softcore porn video. Two girls dancing behind these screens under blue and red light. Nice atmosphere for a lounge bar. A bit crowded, but a good crowd nevertheless. Certainly not a place to stare, but chill to hang out with the boys before heading out for the night. Drinks are bit expensive...redbull + vodka was like $18. ouch.
3	This was an interesting scene.  My husband had heard about this place while watching some A&E show about casinos.  The dancing was tasteful.  Because the dancers are in shadow much is left to the imagination, a sort of unusual experience in our "in-your-face" society. The cocktails were good.  The thing that amused me most of all were these two guys, obviously buddies, who came in took two stools at the bar and never took their eyes off the dancer.  They simply sat there drinking their brews never saying a word and looking as they probably do while watching the SuperBowl!Be warned:  the place is pricey!
5	Shadow is my favorite bar and the perfect place to head after spilling out of a late show or late dinner.  It's a perfect middle ground between a really wild party club and a laid back lounge/bar.  There is no cover, it's a pretty easy entry and surprisingly easy to find dance space or even a table or couch to chill for a bit.  Bartenders are friendly and generous and do a very good job working the crowds.  If you're patient for them, they will get to you in good order.  The dj plays a good mix of music...only complaint is that the sets for most nights are very similars so if you go twice on a trip, you will hear some of the same stuff.  The lighting is perfect for a bar like this...not too dark and not too bright.  The crowd also seems to be good...everyone kind of does their own thing with who they came with.
4	I went with my boyfriend on a Thursday night after the Pussycat Dolls show. It was a nice place to lounge in.
3	Interesting bar with real girls dancing behind those overhead screens. i had the most expensivest coke here. It was like $6+. It was crazy. The drinks here are okay and expensive. Enough to get you buzzed though. I didn't even get carded!
5	I love going to places where there are girls behind walls dancing. I think it's beyond sexy. Here is the skinny: Cesar's Palace, Las Vegas, Nevada. Pull up to the valet off Las Vegas Blvd. It's free. Let them park your car. Walk trough the amazing statues, pass the casino floor, collect $200, pass the Pussy Cat Lounge, that has stripper-like dancers on polls and find your way to Shadow Bar. Maybe its voyeurism that made me like it so much. Two big walls, one green, one pink, each with the moving dancing shadow of a gorgeous woman. The music was off the chain, hip hop at its best. The resident DJ of the night played every song that was hot in the late 90's when I was in high school and every song that is hot now. Needless to say, it was almost orgasmic karaoke. I didn't pay for the drinks, but they were great! I had a vodka redbull, which was delicious, and I tried a friend's Adios Motherf*cker which was also delicious and another friend's Cosmo which was amazing. All came in a very good size glass, with a good amount of alcohol. For the ladies: lots of cute boys, I met 3 very cute French Canadian guys, all buff with great smiles and happy energy, and I had a guy slip me a love note. So cute!For the gentlemen: lots of cute girls, who were all thinking, they could be the dancer behind the wall and wanted to prove it. All very sexy. The place had lounge sofas, chairs, and tables galore. You danced if you wanted to, you sat down if you wanted to. Everyone was a bit upscale, no hoochie mama's or lame guys, average age: 25-35.Plenty of people to talk to, but not crowded to the point you couldn't move. This was a great place to spill over to if you didn't make it inside PURE, the resident club for Cesar's Palace. Getting your car: Took 5 minutes for the valet to bring my car, I tipped them $10 and avoided the long 30 min taxi line.
5	I absolutely love this place!  Besides the black jack tables, this is my favorite place to be in Vegas!  Tasteful eye candy, stout (but kinda pricey) drinks, over-sized comfy seats and good music.
4	nice classy bar that gives you alittle of the vegas mistique without the trashy aspect. we enjoyed a few drinks here while admiring the vistas. I am quite impressed with my buddy who was adept with his guesses. the dancers behind the screens are right there, they can hear you if you're at the bar.
1	Hand's down the absolute rudest cocktail waitresses on the planet!!!! We were a group of about 10 people.  We couldn't get anyone to come by and take our order.  We bought our first round at the bar, and we kept asking the waitresses (3 of them) to come by and take our next order.  Not only did they completely snub us, but one of them even rolled her eyes at us!   We ended up staying for about an hour, but only had the one round of drinks that we ordered from the bar initially.  Had the cocktail waitresses come to take additional orders, they would have made so much money off of this group. Seriously - I'm sure that there are some excellent cocktail waitresses out of work right now - why not hire them, instead of chasing your customers away with bad service?  This bar deserves to go out of business if it can't convince it's wait-staff to be halfway decent to its customers.  At a time in this economy when businesses are going under, how can you afford to have cocktail waitresses that are so rude?
3	Came here because the people my fiance (my BF at the time) and I were with weren't dressed the part so we couldn't enter PURE. BOO to them for wearing UFC t-shirts and tennis shoes and well, lookin' like sh!t.. We didn't want to ditch them because the bouncer was going to let just my fiance and me in (and also because they were my fiance's cousin and friends) so we settled for a lounge that would accept everyone. Since it was a Sunday, it wasn't as crackin' as I guess it would be on a Friday or Saturday. We were able to get a table to accomodate the 6 of us and hung out for a few. Not sure if the people we were with were either broke or cheap but my BF/fiance and I were the only ones that bought drinks. My martini was $15 but they also gave me the shaker that had one more drink in it so I was content.It's a nice place to chill and not as crazy as the clubs are. It's also a nice place to people watch and basically enjoy the scenery. But on a slow Sunday night, I wish I was somewhere that was more lively.
4	Even though I was only in town for my sister's wedding, and despite being exhausted after spending the whole day doing wedding related stuff, I could not get myself to call it a night early when I'm in Vegas.  So when they all came up with the idea to hit up a lounge, I could not pass it up.Don't get me wrong, I can't help but notice the eye candy that hits up the clubs in Vegas, but being so tired, I just wanted to relax and have a drink.  Even though it was difficult finding tables to get our group all together (we had maybe 12 people I think), it was nice to lounge around and have a few drinks.  On top of that, everyone in the place seemed to generally just be out to have a good time with no intentions to ruin anyone else's.It would have been better if the DJ mixed things a little better.  But the shadow dancers, they add to the ambiance.  You can't not look at them.  Some of the guys though should at least try to look at the women that are not just silhouettes too.  In the end though, it was a nice night to end the weekend of my sister's wedding.
4	After a disappointing outing to The Bank, my husband and I decided we weren't ready to head back to our hotel, so at my suggestion we headed to Caesar's to check out Shadow Bar. This saved our night! Sure, the girls dancing behind the screens are a bit kitschy, but it's Vegas! There is a ton of seating - probably the most I have seen at a Vegas lounge/bar. The music was awesome the two hours we were there...lots of r&b, rap and pop; way better than what we had heard earlier that night at The Bank. Our server was awesome and kept coming back to check on us even though it was pretty crowded most of the time we were there. My husband's beer was $7 and my rum and coke was $12.75, so prices are a bit better than clubs and some other lounges.Great place for a few drinks in a relaxing atmosphere. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if I'm in the vicinity or on my way to or from Pure, I will definitely pop in Shadow Bar again.
5	Really nice, very relaxing not having to run through crowds. Drinks were awesome and the bartenders with flair did a top shelf job:)
4	cool place!I spent most of the time trying to figure out if the dancer was topless behind the screen; but enjoyed the experience. Bartenders were pretty friendly and the music wasn't overly loud where you couldnt carry on a  conversation with someone. FYI that there is a "entertainment tax" added to your already inflated drink price when the dancers are up; but this is still one of the better lounges in town to relax.
5	Shadow bar is so chill. We've been here a few times to sit and hang out with friends. The music is good...if like Justin Timberlake (they play him a lot). And yes...those are real women behind there!
3	interesting concept, does not do much for me since I am a girl.. though it is still amusing to find out that there are real girls dancing behind the scene, not a pre-recorded projection....  the bar itself is chic as expected of a Vegas lounge.
3	Eh . . . . . I wasn't impressed by the decor, bartender, cocktail waitress and though I'm am super open I just didn't really dig the girls dancing behind the screen.  I'd rather see the girls or make it a strip club or something.We went before it was crowded, so no cover.  But the drinks were crazy expensive, even for Vegas . . .  good mixes but not the best drinks I've had. The interior is modern and chique but nothing amazing.  Just kind of standard I guess.I did like the DJ spinning though, great mixes.  So I'd go again when it was crowded and see how it was.
4	Interesting, to say the least. I was looking for a lounge in Vegas where I could just chill and not have to worry about a cover charge.Shadow Bar saved my night. Got in and found some seats at the bar where they were doing cool bar tricks and juggling. Behind them was a silhouette of a dancer and yes, they are topless. The DJ played Top 40, which was nice too.Drinks are a little on the expensive side with the "entertainment tax" added in $13.50, but I didn't really mind paying the premium.All in all, I had fun -- Just wished they had two dancers instead of one, and then zero before we left.
3	Good drinks, chill atmosphere, and great beats (the DJ that night).
4	In a nutshell:  a unique bar, but very, very pricey.Pros:  This place is stylish, and the concept of having shadow dancers behind the screen was unique, but has been imitated.  Cons: You can see the stage from the casino outside, so you don't need to buy $18 drinks and overpriced appetizers to hang out in here.
5	Best bar tender on EARTH served me and my girls while we killed some time before club hopping in the casinos.  This place was amazing!  We made it in time for their free shot-show, where....well you'd just have to check it out for yourself so you know what it's all about.  Ladies dance behind screens so you just see the outline of their bodies as they bust their moves....music selection the night I went was awesome.  Everything and anything that I hadn't heard, but missed, or all the new hits that don't annoy me....very KEY when going out and picking places to dish out your cash at.
3	Went to Shadow Bar after Rao's and before Pure nightclub. Wasn't too bad. I liked being able to sit and hear the people I was with. It's a pretty small bar and was starting to get a bit packed later on. The big draw back here is that the drinks are super expensive! Good place to stop by and have a drink before going to the club.
3	Went here with my cousin to watch the end of an NBA Playoff game.  It was pretty crowded and the energy was good.  After the game we left.  Throughout the evening, we noticed that it was fairly packed with people.  But it was people in all kinds of attire.  There were people in dresses, jeans, etc. Seemed like a nice lounge.  Not so refined as I would prefer... but seems okay....
4	After a cah-razy experience with Fat Tuesday and gallivanting around part of The Strip and City Center, we spent the rest of our last night in Vegas a little low key. Knocked out a few Long Islands and chilled as the DJ spun some dope hip-hop joints. I regret not asking her name when she finished her set. By that time, the bar was beginning to close down. Some of us were wondering what probably most people do when they come or pass by this place, "Are those girls naked back there?" The world may never know, well except the girls themselves and the people who work at the bar. I could see myself returning here.
5	Ok. So the other night, my friend, her hubby, his friend, and I went to Caesar's Palace. It was a bit crowded, but we didn't care. We had a blast there drinking, laughing, watching everyone else being drunk and acting silly. We had a good time. The hubby had a budweiser beer, his friend had what he said was water, and we had three long islands. The long islands alone were $16.50 a piece. All the mattered was that it was her night and she had fun. Boy did we have fun.
4	Ridiculously priced drinks. Come here drunk and just get like 1 drink. It will take you an hour to get one anyway. But, the good thing is, they taste great and were quite strong. Went two nights in a row, first time dealt with a total douche bag bar tender. My drinks came to $50, I gave him $60 and he gave me two $5 bills back as change. Oh so you expect a minimum $5 tip then after ignoring me for 20 minutes? Screw you bud, I pulled out $2 and took my two fives back. The next night the crew seemed in much better moods. Super crowded at the bar, with only 2 bartenders wtf?? They have lots of tables here, and watching naked chicks dance behind the big screens is nice too. No room for dancing but I'm just fine with that. I'd rather sit back, drink, and watch, which is exactly what you do here.
5	This is my favorite little bar in Vegas. They have a really great concept. Girls dance behind screens and the bartenders put on a mixing show. The bartenders have always been very entertaining every time I have been here. And it doesn't seem to matter how busy or slow it is. The drinks are pretty pricey, but if you watch them pour you'll know why! They are SUPER strong, but for me I didn't mind. ;) I ordered a Captain and Ginger and the whole drink was just captain. My friends and I were shocked!If you can sit at the bar it's the best spot to be. Also for some reason they close at 1AM, well at least they did on Sunday night that was my only downside.
4	Fun place.  had a couple of drinks, caught up with friends, and watched the sexy chics behind the screen.  It was busy and Caesar's is always fun.
3	$10.50 for a gin & tonic, albeit a strong one.  Impossible to find.  But the dancers were pretty cool; anytime you had a lapse in conversation you can always count on them to keep entertaining.  When I was there, there were literally tables of completely silent men sipping drinks and just staring at them.  The overall atmosphere is one that is trying just a mite too hard, but still a good place for a drink or two.
5	Felt like I was drinking through the opening of a Bond movie.  Come to think of it, the decor *was* a bit "Dr. No"...
5	It's like a strip club, without the guilt! ...and they serve alcohol, win-win! This is a great place to go to kill some time and to hang out and socialize with friends. The bar tenders put on a show, and have a few antics for display. But to be honest, I didn't spend much time watching them. The main attraction was the dancers up behind the screen. I would definitely not hesitate to stop in the next time I am here!
5	This is almost always our first stop of the night.  Super sexy dancers and very sexy vibe.  The bartenders pour some stiff drinks with lots of flair.  Going to get soaked for drinks no matter what, so might as well be entertained while you are at it, right?!Back to the dancers...:)  They are mesmerizing.  The last time we were there, we actually saw the dancers in the bar before they went on stage. Seems like they start dancing at 9pm.
4	I'm straight, married and a mother of 1 toddler but even I thought the shadow dancers behind the bar was awesome and made the whole bar a sexy ass place to hang out. It makes it not so boring and gives you something to look at or talk about like my drunk ass kept saying "how did she get back there". The drinks were good, the bartenders were friendly, skilled and entertaining. I will forever go back here whenever in Vegas because it was the perfect place to chill, drink and while you figure out what you are going to do next. The crowd was a nice mix of people that were sociable and fun. I recommend stopping here at least once during your stay.
3	We have made this is a regular stop off after our annual team dinner.  Fun to go with a group and watch the girls dancing behind the screen.  It's always the debate whether they are truly nude or are wearing clothing...concensus is clothing is worn.
3	Enjoyed this place. Not really too much to say, it's just a Vegas bar. Good place to go if you don't want the hassle of trying to get into a club, or and excellent place to pre game before a night out. Anywhere else this would be a kick ass place, but it's a little over shadowed (no pun intended) by the awesomeness which is Vegas. It's definitely a place worth checking out, and I'd highly recommend it if you just wanna bar hop on the strip rather than limiting yourself to one club for the entire night.
4	Our "Go To" Vegas Bar. We always start off our night here or end up here. It's the perfect place to relax and chill... enjoy music... dance if you want to.... and have yummy drinks. The dancers are hot (well their shadows at least). The bouncers are kind. And it's never rabidly packed. Good crowd of people and the bartenders rock too. I miss you, Shadow Bar.
5	LOVED this place!  I'm not sure what was more entertaining though: the shadow dancers, the flair, or the hilarious bartender!!!!!!!  The bartender (really wishing we had caught his name) kept us laughing and smiling the entire time!  The DJing was perfectly suited to the ADD. in all of us (in the good way)!Considering we were doing it on the cheap, we were elated to find out they had a stash of $2 beers!   Only downside was that we didn't get a chance to make it back because they aren't open earlier in the day.
4	Always a fun spot, good bartenders and service in general. Good dancers behind the screens.
1	I'm sorry, but this place is NOT all that.  Is it me or?  Bartender was rude and relentless.  The drink prices OUTRAGEOUS.  Got 3 shots of patron and paid $45 (are you freaking kidding me?!?!?). It was Saturday night and the lounge was pretty dead.  After spending crap load of money on 6 shots, I ended up back in PURE.  Yes-only thing cool about is the girls dancing behind the screen, but that lasted my enjoyment for about 5 minutes if that.
4	I enjoy the vibe in this bar. You can usually get seats, and it's loud enough to feel like you're "living it up", but quiet enough to carry on a conversation. I've been to this place quite a few times, and have never been disappointed. It's a bit spendy, but if you want quality, you're going to pay for it. I feel like it's worth it.
4	Great place to have a drink and socialize, waitress was very friendly when I asked her a few drink questions and didn't seem annoyed which some can be. I ordered the blood marry and the drink wasn't my kind of drink, the shadow show was ok and I don't see why this place gets hype other then the service and ambiance. I would come back here again if I'm around the Shadow Bar.
3	The only reason I was here is because I was, uh, wasted and wanted to continue my buzz. Didn't realize that there was going to be an entertainment tax levied because there were two girls dancing behind a sheet, and two well vodkas (Stoli) were going to be $30. Rookie mistake, I know. I suppose that's what you get for being right off the casino floor!
3	Shadow Bar was okay. The drinks were okay, not the stiffist but I had weaker ones in vegas. It's just okay. Really loud bar with "dancers" behind a screen. I only say "dancers" cause I don't know if they were real. We had a big group, waitress didnt come around enough, which made us decide to leave.I might go back, not sure.
2	Our last night in Vegas and winding down after partying before and after NYE, we really didn't want to go to Pure or be around a lot of people. So we decided to check this bar out located inside Caesars Palace. For a Tuesday night, this bar wasn't popping but the music was ok and there was seating. The bartenders were not the friendliest or cared to really want to bartend either!Our friends had a couple of mixed drinks and Minh and I ordered some wine. Looking around I liked how they decorated the place, above the bar were two white screens with silhouettes of girls dancing. Sexy yes but if the music changed from let's say LMFAO to a rock song the dancing didn't match up! I think one trip is enough for me, I don't think I'll be coming back unless we are pre-partying before we hit up Pure or another bar!Sorry Shadow Bar you just do not give me happy feelings..
4	Best shadow puppets ever!!!!
3	Shadow Bar is a nice place to come to sit down and chill with a big group instead of being in the crowded area or paying a cover charge. The music is recent radio music  and there are shadow dancers behind a screen. The waitress told us that they are real and are wearing nothing but a G string. The drinks are expensive and the service was just okay. The waitress checked up on us when we had to wave her down. overall, just A- Okay to come here to chill a little because there was plenty of seats on a saturday night.
4	We stopped in here on Friday night while bar hopping our way around the strip. We only stayed for a half hour or so, long enough to have a drink, listen to the music, take in the entertainment and get a feel for the vibe.Drinks were nothing to really write home about, they were what we expected and a bit on the stiffer side. The waitress was pretty quick and attentive to our needs, so we left her a good tip.Music was kind of a weird mix of electronic/dance 90s which we had a bit of a laugh over. The shadow dances, which the bar is named for, were interesting to watch without being too distracting and gave the bar an ambiance that is quite different from a typical strip club. Their dance skills were varied and sometimes a bit off. The bartenders were pretty talented in juggling bottles and spinning glasses, always a bit of extra entertainment. Shadow Bar isn't a bad place to stop by if you're in the area. It wasn't too busy while we were there and it picked up a bit as the evening went on. I'd be happy to stop by in the future if I'm wandering by on vacation.
1	My wife and I, both locals, rolled in here Saturday night at 7:50 to get a drink before our dinner reservation.  Apparently there is a shift change at 8:00.  There were five groups in the whole place, but we did not get served until after shift change at 8:05.  The waitress relieved at 8 told us she was too busy and had to run; the next girl was late and would get to us.  But both waitresses had time to fiddle with their phones at the bar before the second one took our order.  Well, we only had time for one drink, not more, so they lost out on the tip and a higher drink order, and we will not go back.  Also, I am not sure why one of the three bartenders tending to only two groups at the bar did not just ask us what we wanted; we were at the first row of tables to the bar.  Oh, I know why, they were more interested in not working.
5	A great place to start your night in Vegas after enjoying dinner in one of Caesars many amazing restaurants. Open seating atmosphere with great entertainment. Drinks are definitely spendy but it keeps the dirty Vegas riff-raff out and keeps it classy. Dress code is required so you'll need to be looking nice. Dancers start at 9 and provide quite a show and a great conversation starter. It's got my wife's approval so it maintains a high level of class and good taste in music.
3	I do like to come here, but the drinks are way overpriced. Been here many many times. Love to watch the shadow, but not sure its worth the price.
2	Came here on a Sunday night to start off the night. It sounded cool by the description but we all found it pretty lame. There was only 2 shadow dancer screens and they weren't very interesting. Also they started closing down just after midnight.Its ok if you want a quick drink but I wouldn't spend a considerable portion of the evening there.
4	If you're looking for a classier, subtle version of a strip club, then this place is for you. The lounge, itself, is rather small and dark. The main attraction is the two lighted screens behind the bar, behind which very flexible and fit girls dance and project their shadows. As a girl, I can guarantee that they hire the most mesmerizing dancers: how do you even move your body like that? And so sexily, at the same time?! (Also kind of made me wish they'd re-enact the opening to Avatar: The Last Airbender.) The DJ working on the night that I went was really good: there was a good variety of remixes of the top 50 and even classic rock. Also, the bartenders do a lot of tricks: juggling, throwing, you name it.I knock off a star for two reasons: One, is because it is sort of cozy in there--the waitresses had near collisions with me several times, although I was just sitting rather stationary at my table; two, is because the drinks were overpriced ($13 for an AMF). But I guess I shouldn't be surprised at the prices coming from a lounge in Vegas.OVERALL (4/5): Nice ambience. There's always something to pique your interest, whether it be the tantalizingly flexible shadow girls, awesome DJ, or the talented bartenders doing tricks. Just be wary of its small real estate, if you're traveling with a large party, and the toll it'll have on your pocket if you wanna get buzzed.
1	Give me a break Caesars Palace, to charge almost $30 for a Captain n Coke and a vodka club soda? Screw YOU. That is OFFENSIVE. We would have stayed and bought multiple rounds before the show started but instead we left. Getting raped once is enough. So we left and went very early to the shania twain showroom. Bought two more drinks for pretty much the same price. I am all about making money but this is so OFFENSIVE I will never go back to your property.
4	Stopped for a couple of cocktails after the Rod Stewart concert at the Colosseum.  I wasn't sure at first what the screen was behind the bar then I realized it was live, nude dancers dancing in the shadows behind the screen!Very sensual and mysterious just watching the dancer's silhouettes... The female DJ that night was awesome and tunes just seemed to flow.  Light crowd, mostly business men and girls night out group.  Music not too loud so you can still have a conversation with your date or friend AND dance if you want to.  No dance floor designated just get up from your table and groove if you want to.  The bar is nice even without being seated - casual and you could mingle with others if you chose to.  Comfy seating and the waitress was attentive! I would go there again just to watch the dancers and of course even more fun with a date or group friends - intimate and music not too loud.Definitely on my favorite list to take my out of state friends to if we don't feel like clubbing.
5	Love the shadow bar! I have never been to a strip club and don't necessarily care for women dancing around all scantily clad but the Shadow Bar classes up the dance scene with a partition. Not to mention a wonderful DJ that mixes up the popular EDM with today's top hits! The bartenders give out free shots every once in a while and it's a great spot to smoke a cigar. Great lounge-y vibe in the heart of Caesar's palace!
5	Great pours and great selection. Bartenders are friendly and professional. If this is 'just another Vegas bar' then the bar is set fairly high.
