2	So I came to Dr. Velazquez after hearing how great she was with children. Was also told she is Family Court's top pick for all psychological evals for kids. Her name popped to mind when I was in need for her services in a case of my own. Meeting with Dr. Velazquez was quite pleasant. She was very caring and soft spoken with my child. She used her own life experiences and trials to explain things to us, which I thought was a good way to connect with a patient. The problem came after leaving her consult room. Dealing with her staff was the biggest pain in the ass. First, her office hours are very confusing and weird because they never follow hours they claim are "office hours". For some reason there's an answering machine more often than not. No matter what time you call. They are not good at returning calls to top it off. Obtaining a copy of records there is like pulling teeth because they don't call back, and when they do, it's weeks later. (still have not received my records; it's been over a year.)Mrs. Vazquez is a doll and very good at what she does. The problem is organization and customer service. Unfortunately, this is key when running a business such as this. Hopefully she will fix this soon.
5	I have to start with..i first came to Dr. Velasquez with my ex (years ago) when my daughter was only an infant. She saw him, and myself, together and separate. She broke it down for me REALLY FAST!!! NO BS. She told me how this relationship is going to go, and she told me to get the heck out of there asap. I listened. A couple years later when he suddenly wanted to play "daddy" i took my daughter to her. I broke everything down for her, she started to see my daughter (who was 3) and after a pretty short time, Dr. Velasquez wrote a letter to the court . Everything she said, EVERYTHING...from day one to the end, "WAS RIGHT ON THE MONEY!" My ex and I had to go to another psychiatrist (he chose) and after ALL the testing (9K later) everything Dr. Velasquez said in the beginning is EXACTLY what the next psych put in court report. Dr. Velasquez is SHARP!! Hands down, no bullshit,  very aware of situations...I cannot say enough good things about her and the fact she really does protect you and she does protect children!!!! I cannot speak any more highly of someone than i can her! Wonderful caring Doctor!
5	Dr Jo is awesome and has made a difference in so many lives. I need to reconnect with her but for some reason all the phone numbers I have are out of service. Can someone please provide the number? Thank you
