5	I am a fan of Ice Cream! There is really no other place near me (that I know of) that is a good place to go and just get Ice Cream (yogurt aside), so that is why I am reviewing a Cold Stone!  I really do like their Ice Cream too!  I always get the cheesecake fantasy or whatever its called, but it is by far my favorite!  We come here and it is always good, service is always the same, the place is clean and there is never a wait (or a long wait)  I love the creations they have and my kids love em too.
5	Love this place. The ice cream is always awesome and the service is friendly.
3	3.5? I'm a wimp - I want halfsies. My kids love this place. I think the ice cream is probably really good but it's just too rich for me. Most recently I got a kid's cup of salted caramel. If you read my reviews I'm a big fan of salted caramel. This wasn't salted and not very caramelly but very rich. The kids get cotton candy with gummy bears and other stuff mixed in. The thing about this place? They are very, very cool to the community always supporting schools. So I must take the kids as often as I can!
5	I love cold stone!!! Delcious ice cream every time and the staff is always frednly. I took my neice and newphew this specific trip and they tend to take a little on the long side to decide what they want. The employees were patient and helpful. Most employees are teenagers and tend to get frustrated with children but they were not at all.
5	Great service. Taylor always has a smile on her face. They always sing for my family and they are very good.
1	The last 3 trips to cold stone have left me with an overpriced, freezer burned, uneatable cup of " I am never going here again" the kids convinced me to go back times 2 and 3, but never again.
4	We live in STV but we take the 10 mile drive to get to Cold Stone because it's worth it. Staff is friendly, ice cream is fresh and delicious. Try some samples before committing - they don't mind! I love the fudge truffle with peanut butter cups mixed in. A small is still a LOT of ice cream, so opt for the kids size if you're not too hungry.Price is steep but that is at all Cold Stone locations, not this one specifically. :)
5	Best experience I've had at an ice cream shop! I had A "gotta have it" serving of birthday cake remix and it was phenomenal! The young lady behind the counter was a sweetheart. I will definitely be coming back.
