4	Visit for my morning coffee fix whenever I visit my mother in law (her coffee is way too weak for me!).  very friendly and fast service
3	I think DD has the best coffee. Better than the *$ people. Better than the moose people. Better than, well, everyone. Maybe that's the sugar on those wonderful donuts speaking. I don't know. But those are some awesome donuts. There's nothing like bringing a dozen in the morning to the office to get you some serious appreciation!I don't know why, but this DD is partnered with a Baskin Robbins. Dunkin Baskin? Again, I have no idea what machinations are at work here, but they are good ones. Real ice cream (and yes, they have FroYo too) with yummy flavors. What's not to love?Free wifi!
4	This review will be only for their Coffee! Coffee! Coffee! Yeah!! I'm a huge fan of DD coffee. We've had a long relationship. Like wayyyy back in my college days...I can remember them knowing my name and order on campus. Ah, the joys of college life. However, I digress what kept me as a loyal customer is that they offered the most bang for my buck...and we all know in college CHEAP = GOOD! Well things haven't changed much. I'm still a huge fan of the coffee and LOVE all the  new varieties and flavors that they have to offer and thankfully the prices are still super reasonable. Sure, I still love my Starbucks but sometimes it's nice to change things up a bit. Anyway, I went to the drive thru; ordered an iced hazelnut latte, and of course added whip (what's a few more calories???). The service was swift and friendly.When I got to the window, my drink was waiting for me, prepared beautifully and I was on my way in no time. And yep. It still tasted great. I'd definitely recommend this place!
4	I LIKE theLove their hazelnut coffee, especially with a donut or two to help it go down smoother....    problem is I LOVE their donuts, lol
5	I have gotten ice cream and donuts from this location. ( More often, ice cream.) Everything was scrumptious and fresh. Earlier reviewers have complained about the customer service; I have been treated with graciousness. Even better, the restrooms are clean, something that is sorely lacking in many establishments. I am not a coffee drinker so I am not able to critique their brew.
3	It's a dunkin donuts... I'm not sure what more you can say to that lol. Their donuts are okay and they coffee is semi okay but it's a chain donut shop with a drive through. It's heaven for the guys I work with lol. I only come here to pick up food for the office. Otherwise I'd never eat at a dunkin donuts. It's actually easy to say no to eating them which is how I know I'm not impressed lol. To be fair though and the reason for the 3 stars is it's essentially fast food donuts and well 3 stars is pretty high praise for something like that!!
