5	When it come to Desert Golf not many places beat Troon North.  Consistently rate one of the best public courses in the country.  The Pinnacle and Monument courses both have their own charm. I like the Pinnacle, the newer of the two, a little more.  The club house is better than most private clubs I've been in.  The beauty of the the courses and the land around are breath talking.  If you love golf this is one place you need to play....5 stars in every single way you could possibly think of!
5	Pricey, but fantastic.  A true gem.  I feel a bit guilty about the Saguaro's taking so many wayward golf hits, but the Monument course is a fantastic experience.
4	My girlfriend bought me a round at the Pinnacle Course for my birthday (I don't even want to know what she paid, but it was August so at least it was the summer rate).  This place pretty much ate me for lunch, shot in the low 3 figures but I did birdie the Par 4 6th, so there.  However, it needs to be said, this course is gorgeous and you are treated like a king, which more than makes up for the high score.  The only lowlight were the 4 snooty old women who were behind us and played like their cars were double-parked.  I could go on for hours about these idiots, but who in their right mind plays a course like Troon from the freakin' red tees and constantly tells those in front of them to play faster (when we are keeping up the pace with the group ahead of us), excuse us for wanting to enjoy ourselves.  You may have more money but I still know how to enjoy life and appreciate things as opposed to you old fogies, so deal with it.
5	This may be one of the best courses I have ever played in the world.  We played the monument course which was in excellent shape and every hole offered something different, both challenging but not too hard to play fo a 10 handicap golfer.   The course is surrounded by desert and huge homes but really the course design is what sets this place apart.  The practice facility is included with your greens fees and everything is run top notch.
3	Once upon a time, when in high school, I was a hell of a golfer. I played multiple times daily, and could shoot high 60's low 70's on a regular basis. Well, those days are long gone and I only get out once every 3-4 months or so. I don't mind paying a lot to play a nice course because I hardly ever play. Monday was about my 15th trip to Troon North, and it has been spectacular every time until now. It is absolutely obvious that they are hurting. In December, on a nice day, they had 17 tee times, ouch! Because of a lower amount of play, they aren't spending as much on maintenance and are not manicuring the golf course like they have in winters past. Patchy grass, sandy greens, long fairways, etc. They are playing 90 degrees now, which is something they NEVER do in the winter. It has always been cart path only from October to May to preserve the grass. Well, if the grass isn't as expensive, you don't have to be so hard up to preserve it. It's still three stars because it is an amazing track, has beautiful views, and is a great facility. The service is always nice enough, but never the same quality of Grayhawk, Talking Stick, or any other top tier courses. The gorgeous cart girl on the front side brought us half price Miller Lite and amazingly I had 4 beers for $12 including tip. That is pretty penomonal for a golf course. The chicken salad wrap was the most dried out, crumbly, piece of junk sandwich I've ever had, and was $8 :-(Hopefully the economy picks up soon and they can get back to being the 5 star experience they have been every time I have been there before now. Here is to hoping. P.S. shooting a 91 is pretty painful for someone who used to be 20 strokes better than that. Troon brings out your highest scores, no matter what.
5	These courses are great, sadly I am not.  We had a nice golf package through the Four Seasons and played both courses.  First up was the Pinnacle course.  My wife and I are a couple of hackers and got paired up with a scratch golfer that played in college.  Wow, this dude was putting for birdie on like every hole!  Is that the way you play this game?  The Pinnacle was so tough.  Even the forward tees required a long carry to reach the fairways and then you had to typically clear trouble on your approach.  It was really tough, but it sure was beautiful and well maintained.  We even saw a rattlesnake on one of the greens.  The Monument course was a bit easier, but just as nice.  They sure could have loaded up the carts with bottled water for what you pay to play here.
5	With such amazing golf courses with exceptional guest services, I think Troon North is the place to visit if you love playing golf.  I'm a novice golfer, but I will definitely rank this place as #1 on my book.They have two courses; I thought the Monument was a tougher than the Pinnacle.  Nonetheless, they are both well maintained with challenging layout that every level of golfers can enjoy.One more thing, do wear a long pants.  It'll allow you to go into the bushes to look for your ball.  Those bushes/cactus sure will hurt ya!
5	these courses are absolute monsters and beautiful too...solid service, practice facilities and the courses are simply amazing.  play them both they are well worth the price of entry.
3	Troon North was a testbed for what 20 years ago played out as a novel idea: A daily fee course that gave the end-user - the player or corporate group - a country club experience for a day. All of the bells and whistles were included: cart, range balls of higher quality, 10 minute tee times, outside service personnel who were attentive and knowledgeable, rangers who were NOT intrusive, food and beverage services that were well above average, 30,000 square feet of clubhouse with all of the amenities found in a private club (even though it was and is a daily fee, they still catered to a very limited number of members, mostly through the Troon corporate shell) and a pro shop that was slammed with high-end hard and soft goods logoed with the Troon North Horned Toad. It was the quintessential desert golf experience this side of Palm Springs and, at the time, had no real rivals. Fast forward to today: Gone are the $295 advance tee-times; now there is the Monument Express. They have "created" an executive course that can be played quite quickly in the afternoons (I remember when, in the summer, they would simply close off tee-times after 12:30). The service is much lower quality as are the course conditions and that certainly is dictated by an economy that has taken a large dump on the golf industry in general. Weiskopf-Morrish designs are brilliant things, multiple tees allow all level of players opportunities to enjoy their courses. And the Pinnacle and Monument courses still stand up from an architectural point of view. But these are no longer days of wine and roses - just look north and east a bit and recognize that what was perhaps AS GOOD a design by Tom Doak at Apache Stronghold in Globe no longer even exists. Executive courses made to be played in a quick time frame, created by sticking tee markers in the ground at various distances and angles is not an indice of great golf. It's an indicator of: Good Lord, how do we generate more revenue without throwing up the third finger on the downward plunge... Lower pricing for locals not just in low season but in both shoulder and HIGH season may be a way to find that lost revenue stream. Troon Cards are all fine and good. Put the egos away and offer a bit more than what you THINK we should be happy to receive. Offer us actual value and you may find more sustainable revenue generation. A handful of tee-times on Golf Now at an inflated price ain't gunna do it.
5	I've played some tough courses, Trump (CA) and Pelican but this course takes the cake!!!! Holy crap what a tough layout. Beautiful and clean, greens fast, true and fun but if your handicap is high, stay away...it will make you quiet the game of golf!Great club house and amazing course
3	First, Troon North is a very fine golf course.  I only gave it 3 stars because I usually rate golf clubs by value received for the money paid.  I would play it again but not at 240 a round.We played Monument which was challenging and in great shape.  The greens were fast and the layout was typical desert.  I tried to play several shots from beyond the fairway and managed to ding up my irons pretty good.Very nice and helpful staff and had some decent food in the bar afterwards.
4	Pinnacle course shines at Troon North - a real treat.  Monument course nice, not as inspiring. Course conditions good, but not great.  Nice selection of golf merchandise in the pro shop.
5	Have to say, probably the most beautiful course I've played. Not as difficult as I had thought it was going to be but not at all easy by any standards. It's amazing how much easier this game is when you hit fairways off the tee box! Great pace of play, I never saw anyone ahead if us and no one behind us pushing even though I know there were groups surrounding us. One older gentleman told us at We-Ko-Pa, "I golfed Troon before they built all the houses. It was ten times more amazing then." My friend, if you ever read this, yeah. I see it. Still gorgeous now though. A definite must play in the Scottsdale area.
5	From the clubhouse, to the driving range, to the staff, to the course, I have not played many courses any better than Troon North.  I absolutely loved it.  I played the Pinnacle course, and every hole was amazing.  I would say that a very high handicapper would not enjoy this course as almost every hole you must drive over some portion of desert just to get to the fairway.  Many holes had unbelievable views of the valley and the course was in amazing condition, especially for the extremely hot August that the area had just experienced.  In my mind, this is a must play if you are in the area.
4	4 1/2 stars.This Troon Golf resort was rated by Golf Digest in the top 75 resorts in the north America in 2009 and is next to the Four Seasons Resort. The club has 36 holes of golf. The Pinnacle and the Monument. The current rack rate is Monday - Thursday is $175.00  & Friday to Sunday  $220.00 per round. These rates included range balls.We played the Pinnacle course today and the service here was good but then again what would you expect from Troon golf management?The Pinnacle course is very scenic although last time I played it there wasn't fairways lined with multi million dollar mansions. This is a con in my opinion and takes away from the beauty of the natural desert surroundings. Play from five different tee box locations to fit your handicap. The group in front of us was playing from the back tees and some of them could not hit the fairway on their tee shot - this is a real negative and slows down the play. During the whole round I didn't see one Marshall on the course! The course is in good shape and the greens are fast and undulating. Not much water here except for one hole I recall. Miss the fairway on this course and kiss your ball goodbye here! The sand traps here are deep and ch alleging but in great condition. Some of the cons here are the carts have no GPS and there aren't many yardage markers on the fairways. Another con was the men's locker room was dated and needsremodeling.The Troon North Pinnacle course is in my top five of best courses I've played but then again for the money your putting out it should be outstanding.
5	My wife and I decided to try the Dynamite Bar and Grill at Troon North Golf Club for breakfast while staying nearby at a local resort.  We didn't have great expectations but we figured the food would be decent and the views of the course would make it even better.  My wife ordered the southwest omelet and I ordered the eggs benedict.  We were blown away by both dishes.  We couldn't quit eating and we couldn't quit commenting to each other about how tasty the food was.  My poached eggs were cooked to perfection and the hollandaise sauce was light and flavorful.  My wife's omelet had just the right amount of spice and she fell in love with the hash brown potatoes.  Our server told us that the cook responsible for this fabulous breakfast was named Pedro and that he had been cooking at the grill since 1995!  Pedro....you knocked it out of the park when you cooked our breakfast.  Thank you for adding to our wonderful vacation.
5	Troon North is an ideal golf and instruction facility. I have been working with Doug Hammer (Director of Instruction) and he has dramatically improved my swing and overall game play. The two courses (Pinnacle & Monument) will challenge even the most seasoned professionals and give amateurs a challenging yet fun day of golf.
5	In my opinion, this is one of the better courses in Arizona.  Here's why:+ The course is well kept year round.+ The greens are in great condition.+ They don't slam the course with too many players.+ There's lots of wildlife on the course.  When I played, we saw a Bobcat, Coyote, and Hawk.+ The course is challenging, but fun for all handicaps.Overall, despite shooting poorly, I enjoyed the golf outing.Return Factor - 100%
4	Somehow, someway I was able to score a round on the Monument course at Troon North for half the going peak playing time rate.  It is definitely a must play (at the right price - more on that later) for any local and snowbird's golfing vacation.  I cannot speak on the Pinnacle's layout, but the Monument, on this particular brisk day in December, was in immaculate condition.  Except for a few holes, the tee boxes were cut perfectly, the fairway had adequate delineation from the rough, which was surprisingly difficult, and the greens were the fastest I have played here since arriving from the east coast in October. The condition of the fairways and rough were a testament to the fact that the overseeding done here in the fall was very successful. Please note that the Monument is not an easy course.  It's uphill par 4s and 5s rival those of SunRidge Canyon.  There's plenty of variety as well offered by this track.  Some holes are flat vistas, others are carved into downhill canyons and still others lay adjacent to massive palo verdes and mini buttes. The course definitely had the most cacti of any course I've played here in the Valley of the Sun. Some may be asking: "Why only four stars for what is routinely ranked as the two best golf courses in state of Arizona by Golfweek, Golf Digest and Golf Magazine?  Answer?  One word: Price.  I was able to get on the Monument course at half the price they were charging at the time for peak play.  This isn't a  knock on the course at all.  It's just that while there aren't many courses in the Scottsdale area that rival the quality of Troon  North, there are a few I'd consider it an equal of and which you can get on at much cheaper price point.  There are those that hold Troon North is overrated.  I would never go that far but you can play other courses that rival it's majestic layout at three-quarters to half the price.
4	Incredible views. the course was in excellent shape. The only reason I didn't give them a 5 star is that I expected a GPS with $295 green fee.
5	I played the monument course on a recent trip to AZ for business. Wow, the views were incredible. Absolutely stunning views on every hole. Neat wildlife everywhere with rabbits, lizards and roadrunners. I can't imagine how many snakes there must be in the summer months. Thankfully they were all hibernating when I played there in late January.The staff were very nice and gave us the private club treatment which is what you would expect for the cost to play which was around 300 bucks per person.In spite of the fact that I played my worst round of golf in several years, I enjoyed it tremendously.
4	Easily one of my favorite golf courses in Arizona, Troon North is a blast.  The course is modern, well designed, and well kept.  I've played in several charity tournaments here and personal rounds of golf with friends and colleagues.  The Monument Course is my fav of the two.  Very picturesque and full of wildlife.  We've seen rattlesnakes, hawks, rabbits, coyotes, roadrunners, various types of birds, and bobcats while on the golf course....amazing!The clubhouse meeting room is kind of small though.  Post tournament lunches and ceremonies are kind of cramped.  Parking can get tight if the tournament is large and well attended, so get there early if you're playing in a tourney.In the summertime, it's blazing hot and it's a desert course, so not much shade to cool off at on the tee box.Staff here is always friendly and professional.Return Factor - 90%
5	Played the Monument course on 7/15 at 6:41. First off, we got a great value by playing in the middle of summer. Rates were $69 a round. We showed up and our bags were taken and placed on the carts. Service was great and everyone was friendly. The practice facility was really nice. Right away, we knew we were in for a good round. Once our tee time arrived, a guy escorted us to the first tee and explained everything. I was s tad disappointed that the carts were not equiped with GPS. However they did have yardage sheets for every hole and the course was decently marked. The course was in great conditions. Fairways were nice and green. Hardly any burnout areas. Rough was short and bunkers great. Te layout was nice too. There was water at every other hole. And we saw the cart lady quite often. The marshall was seen after 8am and a great  job regulating. All in all, a really nice course and great value.
5	Heaven in the form of green. Love love love this place. Seriously need to perfect my game more so I can come here again and again. The views, the design of the course, the staff...all of it... Love it!
5	Exceptional desert golf experience.  If you never have played a desert course this is top notch.  Come to this course you will feel like a pro.  When you step on this property they got you covered till your wheels roll off it!  Wonderful course with some stellar views.  Thanks to all the exceptional staff for a great experience, I can't wait to return!!
5	The monument course is the best golf course I have ever played. Amazing views, perfect conditions, well designed, fair, fun...bite the bullet and play this great course. Absolutely promise you won't regret it.
5	Love Troon! Troon and The Boulders are my top 2 favorite courses in Arizona. Highly recommended. Not cheap, but worth it once you're out on the course. Very well maintained and just downright gorgeous. Awesome desert views and vibrant green fairways and greens. The entire staff is so nice too! Everyone seemed to really enjoy working there and were happy people. Always a plus in my book when you receive great service. I am looking forward to my next round at Troon!
5	Amazing course, top 5 that I have played. I played the Pinnacle course which is the tougher of the two and certainly is hard.Although I played relatively bad, I shot in the high 80's, it had a blast playing it. Extremely well kept fairways, bunkers, and greens. The greens where playing a bit slower to my liking, however. Staff was very nice especially the ranger who stopped by for a chat twice throughout the round. Scenery was amazing. You feel completely emerged within  the tropical desert theme. The only thing wrong with the course is that I love so far away, California, that I will only play it once in a blue moon. :(
1	The Monument was one of three courses I played while trying to get away from the Chicago cold for a week in late March 2014.  For the money I paid, the best way to sum it up is that it still beat a good day in the office.The course staff was friendly and courteous, and we played in about 4 hours, which is about 30 minutes faster than time par, but that may have had more to do with a 2:10 pm tee time on a Monday afternoon, so the course was pretty empty.  You do get a feeling that you're golfing in the middle of a desert, but I don't feel that the course was anything special as far as being picturesque.  The only time I felt like taking a picture was on the third hole, which had the Monument rock in the middle of the fairway.  I did like the sand in the bunkers.  It was actually sand, as opposed to rock (admittedly I wish I didn't have to discover that; fortunately I only experienced two of them).The greens were horrible.  I have no doubt I could find a smoother putting surface on a Chicago city street during pothole season.  I've never seen so many bumps and jostles between the ball and the hole.  My playing partner was affected more because he was generally left with longer putts than me, but on at least 6 holes I watched him miss a putt because the ball bounced within 6 feet of the cup and subsequently fell off line.  On three others where he had long putts, I know his ball stopped shorter than he was planning on because of those bumps.  The wind affected my shots enough that I often had to chip and putt, but the bounciness of the greens cost me strokes with the putter as well.  I'm glad I had to chip and putt, because given the condition of the greens, that probably saved me from multiple 3-putt holes.I feel that the only reason the price is justified is so they can run the animation for the course flyovers on their website.  This is NOT a course I will play again when I come back to Arizona.  The course I played earlier in my trip, for half the price, had smoother greens than this.
4	Played on Easter weekend.  Two golf courses with a great practice area, both the driving range as well as a large area for chipping.  The course is in great shape, though the greens were a bit on the slow side.  Frequent stops by the beverage cart, and pace of play was around 4 hours - 15 minutes, so very good by public course standards.I'm a single digit handicap player and played from the Gold tees, which are a pretty good test.  It's a very tight course, so keep that in mind when choosing tees.Careful going off the fairway to look for balls, we spotted rattlesnakes on two holes.Overall, a good track, though on the pricey side ($200 on a weekend).  It is one of the better courses in the area, just not sure it's worth the extra $$$ (played a few other tracks for about half the price...all were very nice, though I admit Troon North has an edge).
4	Great day on the course today. Got out and managed to get around before it got too hot. Troon is well known for taking care of their beautiful courses. I play the country club regularly but this time of year I like to branch out.Troon north has 2 courses, today we played the Monument. The course is scenic and plays fair. Also a good amount of wildlife including 3 rattlesnakes we saw today. In general I would always recommend having a club in your hand if walking through the desert. Plenty of snakes around.Two reasons for not giving 5 stars today. First, when I made the reservation there was no mention that the greens had been punched the day before. We tried to switch to the other course as soon as we found out but there were no openings. Second, was the poor state of the driving range. I understand that it's hard to keep the grass looking good but it was hard to find anything green where it was set up today.Overall the is a great course in a city of great course. Will be back for sure.
5	First, I want to thank the staff at Troon North for being so kind and helpful. From the time I pulled up to the time I left, the staff gave A+ service. Now for the course. I've been playing golf for 15 years, and Troon North Pennicle course is the best golf course I've ever played. The course was in excellent shape. Yardage markers all over the fairway, which are very helpful. The greens were in excellent shape. Not to fast. But def not slow. The view was amazing. Looking at the beautiful homes, mountains, and city of Scottsdale could not ask for anything better. The marshall came around 4 time and was very nice. We talked military and life. Great person. I can go on and on. But I just want to thank the staff at Troon North again for making this experience great. Cannot wait to return. Robert Townsend played 6/10/2014
5	I have played here several times now and Troon North never disappoints!  The course is always in fantastic condition.  The staff is always very friendly and provide prompt service.  The course is definitely worth the price in my opinion!  I will be back every time my travels bring me to Phoenix!
4	Played the Monument Course and it was a blast.  The course overall was in great condition.  Coolest hole was #3 "The Monument."
4	Great course. Pricy but very good course. Don't bother unless you are quite good and well off. It is pricy.
4	Course is 5 stars but fairways are really tight and you need to know where they open up on some holes. Pace of play is 1 star.  Have never played this course in anything respectable summer or winter. Condition is 5 stars.  Very well maintained.  Club house is 5 stars.  One of the nicer ones around for sure.  Price is 1 star in the winter.  Ridiculously overpriced in peak season but hey it's not for the locals at that point.  Summer is 5 stars as I played it for $50 the other day.
4	One of the best public courses in North Scottsdale. It very family friendly and they are used to having young junior golfers on the course. I find the course to be in very good condition whenever we are there. The staff in the pro shop are always pleasant and helpful. The snack bar could be better. It has a very limited selection and it is a little hidden. I doubt most golfers even know that there is one there. Usually we end up going to the restaurant instead, which is great, but does not have a very good kids menu. It would be nice if they had a more elaborate selection at the snack bar for quick and cheap grab and go food.
4	Forget the tablecloth-and-white-glove joints. I walked in and could not believe the selection on the menu, but was even more impressed with the healthy options available. I had an omelet and wheat toast, and the portion was enough to carry me from 9am to 3pm - and I'm not a small guy.
5	1.5 hour wait but oh so worth it. Nothing is over 12 dollars but there was so much to choose from and everything looked so delicious we ordered four items for two people and went family style crazy. Tirumisu pancakes......drooling right now thinking about them. Service was fast and friendly.
5	Wonderful breakfast and lunch food here - crepes, pancakes, hash browns, breakfast breads, salads, fresh fruit. We tried it all and it is delicious! Highly recommend this place.
4	The food was very good, but we had to wait about an hour, and then sit outside where it was a little chilly. My daughter had the Oreo S'mores Pancakes and they were heavenly!!! I highly recommend them. I ordered strawberry pancakes and they were ok. Everything else was really good - eggs, hash browns, sausage, juice.
5	Golf lessons....   Recently signed up for a clinic at Troon North with Ryan Mahoney.  I was so impressed with his teaching style in the clinic, I signed up for private lessons.  He's a great, skilled instructor (I've tried several!) who has obviously mastered the skill of clear, simple instruction!
