4	I can't tell you if this is really the original, or just the original one owned by Tony, but I can tell ya it's pretty darn good.Huge menu.  And of course not just Burgers.  Steak sandwiches, as well at Fish, Ham and even tuna salad.  Or go with Burritos, Gyros or Pita Sandwiches.  And yes, that is a NY Steak on their menu.   But don't forget your appetizers - Chili Fries, Mozzarella sticks and Fried Zucchini.  Sheesh!  And their fries are SO good!Really huge portions too.  Especially for the price.  Expect to pay about $6 for lunch.  Yea, you're just going to sit on McDonald's style tables, but you didn't come here for the atmosphere did ya?So far everything I've had here is really good.  Even the gyros my friend got weren't too bad, though they weren't freshly cut.  Think "Steak-ums" with chunks of Gyro meat.  Important note - While yes, you can use your debit card, their process basically works like an ATM Machine.  Order comes out to $12 - they will run it for $20 and give you back your change.  AND - it's a $1.50 fee to use it.  Plan to just bring your cash.
4	Anyplace you can get a decent drive-thru gyro or cheese steak (get the cosmopolitan) is OK with me!Their burgers are good too... but gyro and cheese steak ftw.
2	I don't know how this place stays in business.  Actually, I do know why, there aren't very many alternatives in that area.  They have really really tasteless burgers and everything is extremely greasy.  It's very expensive as well.  The only redeeming part are their fries, which are thick cut similar to steak fries but not as thick.
4	Been to Tony's a few times over the past couple months... Cheese Burgers are not bad...Philly Steak is where it's at! Fries are great too!  ...thinking about it is getting me hungry...guess I know where I'm going for lunch today!aaaahhhhhhh much better!mmmmmmm.... Gyro is actually very good too!
4	If they simplified the menu a bit and didn't find ways to charge you extra for everything this place would be a 5 star hole in the wall.  Truthfully their menu has so many choices I feel overwhelmed.   I've tried a couple different burgers but I think I like the chili cheeseburger best.  Don't order doubles or anything like that for the next two simple reasons.  One they will charge you for all kinds of extras! A meal for two at a burger place that should run you $15 will run you in the upwards of $25... and Two they give you so much food you don't even need a double.
4	If your really hungry go to Tony's Original Burger Factory . . . The portion sizes are huge!!  BIG WARNING!     We made the mistake of ordering like we were at a fast food joint, and came home with more than enough food for the family leftover! Now my wife and I share one order of fries, fried mushrooms, or onion rings and I'm NOT A LIGHTWEIGHT!!  The fries come on their own big oval platter with not much room for ketchup!    THE BEST THING ON THE MENU!    My favorite is the unheard of Pastrami Burrito, I have gone back for this from across town about 20 times, and I have recommended it to many friends. They all rave about the Pastrami Burrito!! They have been heavy on the mustard on occasion . . .and once we had to send it back because we ordered it without mustard . . They joyfully made us another one in a snap, and we were very happy!DECOR  and BATHROOMS    I will say that the place could use an update in decor' . . . it's quite old and tired looking. The cafeteria style tables with wooden swivel seats are not the most comfortable.      The bathrooms are clean though, my wife says this is really important to the ladies.  Us guys would be happy if the bathroom door opened into small fenced off yard with trees and bushes to do ... well "some of our business" if you get my drift . .  but it passes her test and that's important to me.  . . . Otherwise it would have been a one time trip.  HAMBURGERS?  I've read some of the other reviews about the burgers . . . and I have had the burgers and they were "just okay", I did expect more from a place with the name Burger Factory in the title . .  but then again who the heck raves about a hamburger? . .  How exciting can a hamburger get?. . .   The burger is not what makes this place special, . . it's the adventurous stuff on the grill. I have tried a few different specialty items and that's what endeared Tony's to my heart!  It's old skool yummy, and it's different twist on the normal is worth the drive I make from Peoria to Central Phoenix. TO DIE FOR!    They have such a huge menu why would you go there for a simple burger? . . . Not when you can get so many other great items on the menu, . .You could start on one side of the menu board and eat  something new for about 3 months before you got to the other side! Plus great specials on the walls . . .although I can't really tell you about too many other things on the menu . . .as you can tell I'm kinda addicted to one thing!  Let's put it this way. . .If I were on Death Row, or Only had One Day to Live,. . . .  my last meal on earth . . .  if I was in Phoenix Arizona would be the Pastrami Burrito from Tony's!They are worth100%  the price of admission! . . Okay it's about $6 or $7 bucks  . .  and I'm raving about it!. . . .  It's to die for!
4	Being new to Phoenix, I'm visiting as many new places to eat as I can.  Tony's came up on my search for burgers, but then I noticed people talking about a Pastrami Burrito.  That instantly eclipsed the burger idea and lingered in my head for about a week.  I went there on an empty stomach, not really knowing what to expect.  Most reviews denigrate Tony's burgers, which is odd since it's a Burger Factory.    Anyways, I wasn't there for a burger, the Pastrami Burrito was on my mind. Food:  The Pastrami Burrito, which I will capitalize out of respect, was phenomenal.  It goes for about $6.50 and is well worth it.  Fresh flour tortilla wraps around mass quantities of pastrami, along with onions, mustard, and other things I dared not question.  Throw some hot sauce or salsa on there and you are primed for a food coma.  What a strange menu item, but it's a must have and a great value as well.  Service:  The place was busy, but once I got my order in it was only about 5 minutes before my order was ready.  The workers were friendly and efficient.  Outside:  Small building, right off the highway.  I don't know the hours, but this is a perfect spot for a highway stop off at 3am.  Inside:  Thank Christ I knew what I wanted ahead of time, the menu is baffling in size, with a strange and almost logical ordering.  Burger Factories are different than regular factories I've come to find.  You order at a counter, but there is protective glass at face level, just like at a bank.  However, the glass only goes just past eye level, and it is not bullet proof, but perhaps that's enough to deter industrial espionage.  One day I'll have a burger here.
5	If your stuck out and about running errands and you are hungry but don't know exactly what you want.A stop here is a no brainer!The menu is absolutely HUGE!Literally the menu wraps from the normal menu above the registers and continues to the walls and windows of the restaurant providing us food lovers a 360 degree selection of goodness.You want pancakes, omelette, or any variety of breakfast. It's here.Burritos, Tacos, Gyro, Cheese steak, Grilled cheese, Burgers, SHRIMP  COCKTAIL?, it just keeps going. Just one of those places you don't have to worry about if you will find something you like. I think that's a kind of comfort you can't find many places so I have to recommend this restaurant as a required stop when in the area.I drive around for work a lot making lunch a simplified thing "What's the closest?".  So I look forward to working in this area around lunch so I can stop by.The burgers with pastrami and the "King Kong Burger" are awesome.  I read another review that said the burgers are tasteless. Most burgers don't have that much flavor unless your paying for the condiments (Bacon, Guacamole, Mushrooms, cheese) or your in need of a Kobe Burger. This is not the place.  Pile on the pastrami and other fixings and the burgers are hard to beat. If your worried about the flavor of the burger don't order burgers plain.  They may seem expensive to some to shell out for the King Kong but if your not a big eater this thing easily serves 2-3 people making it pretty cheap if you ask me.FOR THOSE BIG EATERS OUT THERE The Tony's Especial Burrito is worthy of a "Man VS. Food" episode.Happy eating!
1	First the place is not called Tony's, it's the burger shoppe!I give them an A for effort and portion size;But as far as yummyness I give them a D.I had the steak sandwich that I ordered medium rare, what I got was a raw piece of steak, Gross! And I had the large basket of fried zucchini, large it was but bland, over cooked and the breading was tuff chewy and tasteless as well.My experience was disappointing to say the least, and leaves me questioning my fellow yelpers who raved about it and led me here.I will give them another chance and try ordering some breakfast on my next visit.
1	Worst service I've ever enountered. Arrived at the drive thru, girl taking the order had a very rude tone of voice as if she hated her job (which she . Asked for a small Coke and a carne asada burrito. When I drove up to the window I waited for three minutes before anyone showed up to assist me. The waitress then went on to say they didn't have Coke so I asked for Sprite. Before she went to go check if they had Sprite she rolled her eyes at me. She then came back, and stated they had Sierra Mist. You would think somebody would know if the restaurant they're working at carries Pepsi or Coke products. While I was waiting at the drive thru three gentlemen walked in and waited for at least five minutes due to every available person being crowded in front of the register since they were having such a hard time processing my payment. The three gentlemen, tired of having to wait for so long decided to leave. One of the waitresses noticed them leaving and very loudly and rudely yelled bye at them. I finally recieved my carne asada burrito after ten minutes of waiting and found the most disgusting burrito I had ever seen. It was full of cheap, old, wilted lettuce and resembled more of a philly cheesesteak in a flour tortilla than a carne asada burrito. It tasted like pure grease. Worst service and food I've ever had. I definetely recommend you keep on going before making a stop here. It is a complete waste of money. I don't know how they are still in business being so rude and having horrible customer serivce and food.
