3	The latest discovery on my Cupcake Crusade...Just Cupcakes is hidden in a large strip mall shopping center-right around the corner from Mountain Ridge park & Skatepark----I feel these places would do so much better in the regular mall.They have a wide selection like 20 flavors to choose from and they are made fresh daily.I had 2 red velvet w/buttercream frosting to go.AND 1 Mint chocolate & 1 chocolate cherry pir.Fresh & moist with great frosting.Regular prices between $2.75 ea.My son practices at the skatepark nearby so I will be here often... at least I hope it stays open it wasn't very busy.
3	I recently went back to Retro Bakery and was so impressed with them that I decided that it would be fun to try Just Cupcakes and see how they stack up. We got six cupcakes. Two of them were caramel. My boys were super excited because they love caramel and the guy behind the counter told us that he put a lot of creamy caramel in the center. Well, the cupcakes were good but the only thing caramel about them was the light drizzle of caramel over the frosting. The cream inside was not caramel. My youngest got a strawberry cupcake. He took one bite, made a face and didn't want it anymore. The other two asked if they could split it. I said they could. They each took a bite and made faces and one ran to the trash to spit it out. Of course that meant I had to try it. :)  The frosting was bad. It tasted sour and old. The cake was okay but it had very ugly, blackish chunks of strawberries inside. Not very appealing at all. I got a pumpkin, cinnamon spice cupcake. It was very good. But I felt ill within a short time after eating it. I kept asking the kids if they felt okay and they said they did. So, I assumed I just didn't feel good for some other reason. Then the next day I decided to split the carrot cupcake with one of my kids for breakfast. Again, it was very good. But shortly after eating it I did not feel well. My son felt find. So apprently there is something in those cupcakes that just doesn't agree with me. Overall, the cupcakes were okay. There was just that one that was bad. The rest were good although I felt the caramel was misrepresented. I still think Retro-Bakery offers a better and more unique cupcake. I'm glad we tried Just Cupcakes but we won't be back.
3	I stumbled upon this place when I got lost driving a new route to my relatives in North Vegas.  It's a smallish place, and very sparsely decorated as someone else said.  From a presentation standpoint, these cupcakes are very pretty.  I decided to go with the six pac.  I had two chocolate, two red velvet, one white with whtie frosting and a pumpkin.  Average price was about $2.50 each.  The guy behind the counter wasn't skinny, so I knew he had eaten enough of these cupcakes and probably enjoyed them, a good sign.  He did admit later that was the case. I am a sweet tooth, but whenever I buy a cake or cupcake, frosting is the second most important thing on my mind.  If you have a tasty cake, the frosting can only make it better.  But if the cake sucks, I don't care what is on top. That's just me, I guess. From a texture and moistness standpoint, their cupcakes were average, not moist enough to be great but moist enough. A great cupcake has that rich mouth feel from the butter or whatever fats are used. After it sat overnight in their closed plastic container, it was even more dry and I only ate part of it before tossing it.  It did smell pretty good in there, so I knew it would taste at least okay.  The pumpkin, white, and chocolate cake for me was average, but red velvet is IMO the best of the ones I tried. I think maybe the addition of red dye to the chocolate batter gave it some additiona flavor as well.  Ironically it may have been the cream cheesy frosting that made it better, too.All in all, not bad. We need more cupcakes in this world.
2	Came excited that a cupcake place is just by the house as I love cupcakery, but thats a little ways away. Got red velvet (one of my favorite kinds of cupcake) and carrot and they had these pupcakes for dogs that was apple cake with a dog bone cookie in it ($1). Carrot was good and moist enough, but felt it could use a little more. Red Velvet was a real disappointment....it tasted off/spoilt and it also tasted kind of plastic-y...wtf? The creamcheese frosting tasted okay and wasnt spoilt so I dont know what the hell was up with that cake. We took a bite and we threw them away- glad we got only two of each flavor to start. Still sad that 4 people had to share 2 cupcakes for dessert. Now about the pupcakes.... my dog and my mother in laws dogs wouldn't eat them. It was kinda odd, specially from my mother in laws fatty that ate everything. They took the dog cookie off the top and left the cake alone. Fatty Masie only ate a bite when we coaxed and hand fed it but he didnt pick up the rest from the floor for a second bite. They already slobbered on them or else I woulda tried a piece to see if something was wrong with them. To be fair maybe I'll try another cupcake...but I'm far more inclined to go same Retro bakery down the street with their higher ratings. Seems like at their best this place will just be A-Ok, I want more than that for my $2.50 and will just go to Cupcakery which we pass by every weekend to get to my mother-in-laws, but I have a feeling I'm going to love Retro Bakery as well.
2	I'm sorry to say that this place was a dissapointment to me.  Although I went there twice, I was hoping that I was wrong the first time when I went the second time.  I was still right.Like Jade W., I was really excited that a cupcake place opened up in this area because Mad Hatter is all the way down south.  I was hoping that their cupcakes were just as good, but unfortunately it wasn't a hit for me at all.Strawberry cupcake: slightly dry and the flavors were almost there.  I felt as if I was missing something in the cake...maybe a pinch of salt would make a difference?  The frosting is heavy and old fashioned, meaning that slight grainy texture.  That's definitely not bad, but it was pretty heavy.Chocolate cupcake: moist, which was good, but bland.  My husband swears that this cupcake was out of the box.  Who knows, it could be, but if it's from scratch they need to change their batter so that it kicks the flavors out more.Overall, it's a cute shop but the cupcakes aren't as divine and moist as other places in Vegas.  I hope that they improve their recipe soon.  Their frosting is good but it's very thick and heavy.  I hope the dryness in their cupcakes gets fixed, too.I think I'll give it another six months and try again. I say stop by if you're curious and want to see if all of us yelpers are right, otherwise I wouldn't waste gas driving up here.
2	Everything is just too sweet here...My teeth were literally in shock - The frosting is too sweet that it overpowers the cake and then your taste buds are too drunk from sugar that you can't even taste the actual cake. This was my second time here wich ended with the same result - If I'm in this area I'm going to Retro Bakery!!!The gentleman (owner) is extra polite - I think he said Thankyou like 50 times when I was there. Now there's absolutly nothing wrong with having manners but it was Thankyou overload. Here's what I tried:-Strawberry = I lked the fact that real strawberries are mixed in the cake but the frosting is so sweet that you wouldn't even notice..-Cookies and Cream = So sweet the oreo on top had no taste...-Lemon Cream Cheese = Too sweet, where's the cream cheese?-Pumpkin Spice = This was by far the best of the bunch. It was sweet (as cupcakes should be) but it wasn't too overpowering. I liked this combination.The  interior needs some decor...As a consumer I like having a variety of places to go to so I hate to see a buisness fail. I don't wish that for this buisness - just take it easy with the sugar please....
5	This was a great cupcake emporium. Stopped there a few weeks ago and got a selection to share with the family. The red velvet and pumpkin cream cheese were outstanding. I agree with earlier review that they were better than Sprinkles.Sadly, it appears Just Cupcakes is no longer. Their telephone number is no longer in service and when I stopped by the store today it looks like it has been gutted.
