3	If you have lots of money or a very very nice dad, you can do some pretty cool stuff in life.  One of the things you can do is drive really fast cars for two days in Arizona.  Thanks Dad!The class starts with a classroom lecture about driving really fast.   This is where you get to size up the other students, your competition...  a father and his 16-year-old son who's about to get the hand-me-down M5 when they get home... a Stanford student on Spring break disposing some extra book money... a Lotus dealer from the UK... the driving instructor from a police department...  a corvette collector.  The instructor takes this last opportunity to remind students about the optional insurance and how much all the car parts are going to cost you if you wreck them without insurance.After the lecture, it's time for a tour of the track.  Students pile into full size vans and buckle up.  This part was probably the most fun of the whole class.  Our driver violated about ten different laws of physics behind the wheel of that van.  I suppose you get good at anything you do every day, but he made carving turns in this bigass GM G van seem pretty unconscious.The rest of the class was made up mostly of various exercises in a Corvette Z06.  Almost all of it was at speeds under 50 mph on a large asphalt lot marked off with orange cones...  slaloms, breaking, heel-toe shifting, a pseudo orange cone racetrack, etc.  We also did one exercise in a specially rigged Cadillac sedan that could simulate front and rear skids on dry pavement.  The last couple of exercises were more like real racing.  We used an oval track to practice entering and exiting from turns.  Finally, in the very last exercise, we donned helmets and followed the instructor around the real track a couple times.  That was pretty fun.My main complaint about the class is with the number of breaks we were taking.  We seemed to be taking another break every five minutes.  I'm not sure if this was because the cars needed to cool down or what.  It just felt like we were always just standing around waiting to get back to driving.I had a good time, but not a great one.  Even though I was there as a gift from Dad, I think the thought of how much money it costs just dampens things.  If you compare this with the much lower cost-to-smiles ratio of, say, go-kart driving at the local miniature golf spot, it's hard to see the value of it all.I would recommend this to someone who has more than a little extra money to burn.  But if this is you,  I would recommend bringing a few extra hundred dollars to spend on the karts.  Those things are badass.  Zero to a hundred to zero in ten seconds.  I think I would have preferred a kart class to the Corvette one.
4	So,It's done, I completed the 4 days on Friday and it was pretty good. I learned a lot and hopefully am a little smoother and faster now. The total cost was 4200 for the 3 day school which I extended to 4 days at 4800 USD. I paid 300 dollars for insurance (still a 6k deductible!). Hotel was the Wild Horse Pass Sheraton at a Bondurant rate of 130 a night and this is a nice hotel. Looks like Disney designed it. I flew there on Sun Country for 340 bucks return.Day 1:Day 1 was class room, braking drills, lane change drills and heel and toe drills. No track time but drills. This was annoying me at the time because it looked like no track time till after lunch on day 2 and that didn't strike me as a lot of track time. The drills were basically illustrating steering the car with brake and throttle inputs, spin recovery in the special Caddy and getting used to the car. They also have an oval with an increasing radius turn and a constant radius turn for practising heel and toe and trail braking. Bondurant is huge into trail braking and when you see the instructors do the oval then it's pretty impressive.The cars were 08 C6 vettes with less than 100 miles on the clock. Very fast (430bhp) but almost completely stock except for corbeau seats, a 4pt harness, performance friction high temp pads and good year eagle tires. The stock pedal position meant I couldn't heel and toe at all well in them. The throttle pedal is in a different zip code than the brake and is 'high' when you're on the brake. I had a lot of trouble down shifting as a result. Most people were managing just fine so I think this was just me as far as pedals go but I'd use sneakers rather than racing shoes no matter what.Day 2:Skid car day and this was fun. Driving in an oval pattern, and a figure of 8 as the instructor using the outboard wheels to induce varying degrees of oversteer and understeer. The importance of vision and smooth pedal inputs were pretty clear here and it was fun all around.We went to the oval in the morning but I almost wrecked the car in a tire wall basically because I over focused on downshifting and given my difficulties and having the instructor in the car with me, I brain farted and was lucky to escape with just a dusting. I switched to my clogs (Keens, I kid you not) in the afternoon and shifting was much easier than in my racing shoes.We went to the track in the afternoon on the medium circuit with the carosel and the lake loop and now it becomes a lot more fun. The racing suits that are provided are kart suits which were uncomfortable in the heat. I used my Sparco XL suit on the following days and it's a TON better and for the money, I guess it should be.The afternoon sessions are where the drills before started to make sense. I needed to smooth the pedal inputs and trail brake more. I was focusing on my turn in point rather than looking through to the apex. This meant I was overslowing the car and then was unable to trail the brakes most of the way around to the apex. I improved at this steadily but I'm no where near as good as the instructors who drive the vette like a momentum car in to the turns. Pretty coolDay 3:They did some skid car again and then ran the same circuit as the day before. They opened the full track in the afternoon which is pretty manic. Couple of elevation changes and you can almost get to 4th gear. The vette is a pretty powerful car and you can definitely start to feel the whole car under your right foot exiting corners. I got better at vision, lighter braking into turns for higher entry speeds and extending trail braking times. I got better opening up the steering at apex and then using the throttle to push the car out to track out etc. This became a lot of fun after a while. We got around 5 hours of track time this day. I was doing a lot better towards the end and was hanging with a PCA instructor doing laps so it was fun seeing where he was catching me and where I was pulling away and it evened out of course as the laps piled on.Day 4.Switched to a Formula Ford 1600 (1200lbs, 110bhp) and then just did laps again for the whole day. Maybe 6 hours of track time on day 4. Cars were very fast through the corners and you can use all the gears on the full track but I didn't try to grab 4th and just worked on better trail braking, carrying more speed in to the turns and going faster out of turns with gas. The instructor again was wicked fast, sometimes a gear higher than even the fast guys in the class. We did two race starts and a restart in the afternoon to do all the SCCA stuff.Class wise, I was in the middle part of it I think. There were 3 guys from Bridgestone (tire test drivers) who were very fast. Then there was an older guy who could hang with them. Then there was myself and 2 or 3 others and we were about the same. The class was 12 people altogether.
5	I attended the 4-Day Racing School and "Loved it"!!!For "anyone" that wants to learn the limits of "any car" in "any situation", the Bondurant courses will teach you what you need to learn.Before I attended Bondurant I had experience racing cars, however, hands down...if you, your family member (who mabie a panicky driver), teenage driver...anyone would benefit from the courses at Bondurant...even the Intro. to Racing.The instructors I found to be very helpful and I got the feeling that any of them would be confident teaching 'anyone' how to drive and how to handle a car...in which he/she can then translate the skills learned to any car on the road.It has been about 6 years since I completed the course and it is still memorable for me...and will definitely go back when I have the money to race again.        Thank you Bondurant for having a wonderful school with positive, knowledgable and helpful instructors.
5	I highly recommend taking this course. It may be expensive, but it's hard to put a price on driving skills that could save your life or the lives of your friends/families. For how much time we all spend in cars, it sure doesn't hurt to have superior command of your vehicle.I learned a lot in my course. For example, I learned about weighting the individual tires of my car, particularly through a turn. I also got experience steering out of a "black spin." Sure the odds of getting into a situation like this are low, but I like to think that I will remain calm and return my vehicle to safety should I ever find myself in this position. Also, it's fun! I still think of Bondurant skills today -- years after taking the course -- and hope that I can do the program again in another 10 years or so. Highly recommend!!
5	Training at Bondurant is not a goof-off, play-time joke. There is serious classroom time to learn serious theory, early starts, long days and thorough testing.I have done other high performance / advanced driving courses before. But this was by far the most technical and demanding.I did a 4 day course which I think cost about $5000 (someone else paid). Based on what I can do in a car now, that feels like a bargain. The most valuable improvement in my driving is a much more heightened awareness of vehicle dynamics. I can "feel" the weight distribution of my vehicle change now as I change speed and direction. After driving the Bondurant vehicles, mine feels like a boat, but I can drive it a lot better. And if I ever have to do a reverse 180 at 40 miles an hour, no problem. Also you meet really cool people in the course.
1	WELL..... I have let this "cool off" for more then a month so as to not write from anger or disappointment. For those that are looking into this school, you must already have an idea of the price$$$. Wanting to attend this school for more then 20 years, my Bride gave this to me as a birthday gift. We found these "so called Gift Certificates" on EBAY. They were roughly 1/3 off retail price. "IF I WOULD HAVE ANY IDEA HOW COMPLICATED THIS WAS GOING TO GET, I'D GLADLY!!!! PAID RETAIL...... When I called to book a seat at the Bondurant School I was transferred to the Sales Dept. I FULLY explained that I was going to purchase tickets online. I wanted to ensure the "GIFT CERTIFICATES" were in fact authentic. I was told the were current and valid. I asked to reserve a seat in an upcoming class then. I EVEN OFFERED to use a credit card to hold the seat. I was told that "it wouldn't be a problem to reserve the class seat". I then asked for a recommendation for local lodging. I was told "WE ARE RUNNING A SPECIAL LODGING DEAL". Those that attended this class were to have the Hotel rooms comp'd. Great I thought.....Until the following week. I called and got the same person on the phone to ask a different question regarding the class when I was told "Oh there is a problem". I asked about what? This person explained 2 separate issues, first another sales person had sold the last seat for the class that I had already made all the travel arrangements for. Second was that the Hotel WAS NOT to be included in the price due to the "gift certificates", this is when I was informed that "they are gift certificates, we don't make any money on them!!" I was not happy, as stated, I tried to secure the class seat with a credit card the week prior to making travel arrangements. I was told that the person would "try and figure out a way to fix it." I canceled all travel and was contacted it a few days by the sales person. I was told that I was going to be able to attend the scheduled date AND upgraded to a Corvette! The main reason for pulling the trigger on the class was because I has recently bought a 2011 Camaro SS and wanted to drive that car. I made that clear from the first contact regarding scheduling a class seat. There is more but frankly I don't feel like going back over all of it..... After not being able to offer ANYTHING to compensate me for ALL OF THEIR ERRORS, I decided to confront the General Sales Manager with a copy of all electronic correspondence regarding ALL of the issues from the beginning. In the middle of the main entrance of the facility AND IN FRONT OF AN EMPLOYEE I was told "I'm not getting into a battle of emails." Then slammed the door as they left, leaving me to answer to the employee When stated " What Just Happened??" I explained that the sales manager was busy.... After gaining my composure, I went and found the same person and asked to see Mr. Bondurant. I was told that he was not on the property and would not return for the day. I TOLD this person I would be expecting a phone call from Mr. Bondurant ASAP due to the flight I had reserved for home I could not wait."WAIT FOR IT...." The next day I receive a phone call from the legend Bob Bondurant, the first words from his mouth were "I'M PRETTY PISSED OFF RIGHT NOW," I WAS    FLOORED TO SAY THE LEAST......     After several different people chimed in on the speaker phone, I just gave in. After spending thousands of dollars and going to a "Bucket List Item", I had no come back for a person I had looked up to for decades. I had upset Him... Well the dust has settled and I thought it was time to speak my own opinion to this tragedy. THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO THIS EVENT THAT I HAVE NOT LISTED. The irony to this whole thing is that due to my job I attend MANY events that the Bondurant's do as well. I look foreword to seeing them very soon.Cheers,
5	My husband was able to go here for an experience.  He absolutely loved it.  I hung out on the sideslines and watched him have a great time.  It made me nervous how fast he was going, and he was even having a hard time catching his equalibrium when he was finished.  He'd go back again in a heart beat!
5	I took the 4-day Grand Prix Road Racing course and, really, the best way to put phrase this is "You don't know what you don't know."  I thought I knew what I was doing, but I really didn't.  However, I didn't know that!  They broke me down and built me back up with all of the correct methods.  I can't say enough for the program and the instructors.If you have questions as to how good they actually are, go to the corvette forums and ready the reviews that people have given them, from real Corvette owners and aficionados.I WILL BE BACK!
5	I was lucky enough to come here with a large group of friends and family members to race Corvettes and go-karts. I have loved Corvettes for a long time and this was the first time I got to actually ride in one, but HELLO I got to drive it, as well! What an experience! I felt like Danica Patrick. The go-karts were a little more scary, but maybe I just had too much competition. Yea that's it! I was one of two girls and there were like 10 guys with us. But it seriously was such a fun day. If you get a chance to go, don't hesitate! Hit the gas pedal and go!
5	Billy N's review covers the details very well for the 4 Day Grand Prix course, so I won't retype them. One thing I will add is that the drills in the first two days are applicable to both the rest of the course and street driving so, they are definitely worth the time spent on them.From my experience with the heat on the track, don't hesitate to take a break when you need one, there is plenty of seat time in the course!From the moment you walk in until the moment you leave, everyone is professional and relaxed to make sure you have a good time and learn all you can.  Thanks to Brennan, Instructors William and Robert, Marissa at the desk, and of course Bob Bondurant for executing a great week for me and the rest of our class!
5	Bondurant School of High Performance Driving - 5 Stars: While it has been some time since I was here, I felt it really deserved a review. This was a great experience. I worked at a company where we tried to have something special to do each year with the senior people - sort of a team building project that could also be lots of fun ... we chose Bondurant Racing School one year. While programs and cars change at the Bondurant School from time to time, when we went it was all Ford and we took the 2-Day Grand Prix Specialty course. Our introduction was the same as others have mentioned...we arrived at the 15-turn track and the first thing the instructor does after saving hello is put us in an unassuming 15-seat passenger van to drive around the track and see what we would be learning for the two days...or so he said. We put on our seatbelts and then he drove us around pretty fast...sloshing us from side to side on the seats (memo to file - don't spend the previous night getting loaded in celebration for the first day because you will need all your senses)...and then he drove it again at his top end to show us how fast one can drive if they are in control ... what a great intro to the course. Now we had our challenge for the two day event. We spent a half-day in the classroom learning the physics of high performance driving - where to enter a turn...when to brake...when to get off and on the accelerator...the handling differences between front-wheel drive cars and rear-wheel drive machines. Then it was out to the skid track to feel the physics - the instructor used the outriders (lifters) on a car to lift different corners at high speed - the challenge was to see how fast you could do circles or figure-eights before losing control. We did this together and then one by one with the instructor - so we had a lot of personal one-on-one time (memo to file - Dramamine).  After that we went to a slalom course where it started as a single lane and split into a Y - each one controlled with a stop light. At the start of the course we were invited to see how much wheel spin we could generate on starting - in fact they egged us on and, of course, with high performance tires on it was hard to get much spin...but it did get our speed up for this lesson on the Y strip. The challenge here was to approach the lights as fast as possible and slam on the brakes at a marked point, and steer the car into the lane with the green light - which did not appear until the last second. The lesson was that you can steer a car even when in a full ABS brake lockup...something you really don't know until you try it. End of day one.Day two was mostly on the 15-turn road course. We strapped on our cars and went out one by one with the instructor again - for a little personal time the first time around the course. After each had done this, we each had the chance to have the course to ourselves and see how fast we could get around with no competition. After that our group was given access to race each other (you can buy insurance to pay for any damage you cause). We had been given the course rules beforehand so racing against each other was a lot of fun and not dangerous. This was probably the most fun - the chance to put into practice all we had learned so far. We ended the day with the opportunity to drive open-wheeled cars on the skills track, and then on the road course. The difference between the two types of race cars was amazing, and fun to try. Getting in the open-wheeled cars is a bit claustrophobic inasmuch as you wear a helmet with facemask in this equipment and the cockpit is a tight fit. The Bondurant School is expensive (from $500 to $5,000 per person depending on lessons and days) but tons of fun. It is a great event to do with a group. Just make sure you like the smell of oil and exhaust and spinning tires/burning rubber - this is a racing enterprise and all the smells you'll run into constantly remind you of it. But it was a singular experience to be able to rip the tires off a car and drive all out. Great lessons in safety, and how to drive fast and safely.
1	I received a gift certificate valued at $2500 and booking a date was a hassle. I understand you have to book 3 months in advance and I'm ok with that. After calling and waiting to be re-directed to the "right person" 4 times, I was sent to a voice mail where I left a message and expected a call back. No return call. This went on for weeks. The gift certificate has an expiration date and i wasn't able to get a hold of "the right person" through the phone. What a waste of a gift.
5	I took the 4 day Grand Prix Racing program. Excellent, serious racing preparation. Race theory and car control are taught in the classroom and drilled into you on the track. You perform repetitive exercises to learn heel/toe sifting, emergency race avoidance maneuvers and apex exercises. Official races were held between our group where we had to react correctly to the flags thrown. The instructors are racers and very good, they rate your performance daily. 80% of my time was spent on the track in the car, LOT'S of seat time.A couple guys brought their personal rides (Ferrari, Aston Martin) and worked a deal to take them on the track, awesome. I stayed at the fantastic Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort & Spa, right across the street from the racetrack.My driving skills increased dramatically and it was the best time I've ever had. Highly recommended
5	I did the 2 day Grand Prix class, and while I wish there had been more time on track, the experience was awesome. The skills learned in all of the drills will stay with me forever, and that's what's important. The instructors are great - very patient, and don't rush you at all. They want you to improve your skills, and will not make you feel like an idiot if you don't get it right away.
