1	Erik has a nice website with great pictures talking about deadlines and quality, however, it was all I could do to even get him out to the house to perform an estimate.I wanted some specific work done to the house/garage, and called for an estimate.  Erik set up a day to come to house.  The day he was suppose to arrive, he text me just prior and stated he was in Scottsdale at a meeting and would have to reschedule.  I said that was fine. We were initially not able to make our schedules work, and we agreed that he would contact me the following week and re-schedule.  I didn't hear from him that next week, then I was out of town for a few days.  Upon returning, I asked him if he still was going to come out and give an estimate.   He chose the time to show up, I agreed to it, ( Friday at 1pm prior to Memorial day weekend) and took time out of my day to arrange to be at the house and go over the prospective job.  He showed up, snapped a picture or two of the worksite, taking no measurements, and 2 minutes later said he'd have to come back in on Tuesday at the same time with his foreman to be able to give an estimate.  At this point I'm wondering why I'd bothered to waste my time.Tuesday arrives, exactly 10 minutes before he and the foreman were scheduled to show up, I get a text asking if he can push the estimate another day.  At this point I was tired of delays, wasting time, and tired of being blown off, so I responded "Honestly, I want someone who will show up and take the job seriously. You were suppose to meet me before and blew me off and now again today.  And you came out and wasted my time last week.  I could have already had this done weeks ago.  I am all set with contractors who are not professional.  I will be writing a review in regards to your lack of professionalism and promptness."He responded "lol... What a joke!! Good luck to you. Please don't waste my time with these text messages."So, no, sorry to say I can't recommend Erik.  Whatever the reason he failed to be able to stick to his schedule, I no longer care.  I want people who show up on time, period.  He may do very good work but I'll never know; his lack of professionalism and promptness was sufficient for me not to want to find out.
5	Next Phase Projects did a wonderful job of installing new carpet throughout my home and granite countertops in my kitchen. Erik was prompt in meeting his deadline that he promised me and his cost was more than fair. His crew even helped to move my furniture that I was unable to do myself in order to do the carpet install. More than anything, I appreciate the fantastic customer service and superior quality I received. I will definitely be recommending Erik and his company to others.
5	Erik at Next Phase Projects was amazing to deal with.  In the past with other remodels I always expected the best service but rarely got it.  Next Phase exceeded my expectations and Erik has earned a life long client! The initial meeting went really well.  He explained everything and made sure we were on the same page. From there I received an estimate (quicker than expected).  His estimate was competitively priced and his portfolio looked great so I moved forward with him.During the entire remodel I was kept in the loop, which was important to me.  His crew was knowledgeable, very courteous, and hard working.  You could tell they paid attention to detail and didn't just try to rush through and finish the job.Because of Next Phase Projects I now have a kitchen and master bathroom I am in love with!  Once the budget permits I will have them do the other bathrooms and exterior of my home.Thanks for the great work guys!
