2	I'm changing my review.  Go here and meet an awesome guy. His name is Maroun and he's the shop owner. He's always there and you can always count on some friendly conversation.  I go there to talk enjoy some good hummus or grab a quick boiled egg for 50cents, which is super handy, cause I can't find hard boiled eggs anywhere else nearby. The Mediterranean menu is the best part of the restaurant, stick with his specialty. The food isn't AMAZING but its good, and cheap. and  Maroun does care about his restaurant and will make what you want but he does need to step up his game a little bit. I like the owner, and I want to see him succeed.  I would suggest to him that he gets real plates or paper plates instead of styrofoam. organize his menu signs on the windows a little better. Stick with one cuisine, and focus on improving quality. Maybe make some exciting specials.  I think that would help a lot.
4	Cedars is a great quiet place to grab some food.  The owner is really nice, and I always enjoy seeing him and talking.  The food is decent, I always get the hummus (I love it) which is a bit more coarse than other hummus I have had (which is usually finely whipped in texture) and its garnished with olive oil and paprika, and served with pita, pickle chips, and tomatoes.  I was hesitant at first with pickle chips but it actually tasted awesome!  I also get the shawarma pita, which is similar to a gyro.  Like others have said, food is served on styrofoam, but I couldnt count on one hand how many restaurants serve awesome food on styrofoam.  The food isn't to die for, and I wont argue otherwise, but you can tell its made with care and Maroun will make it exactly as you request it.  I do think if he were to brand it stronger then it would help.  I think adding hookah and alcohol could also help by bringing in a young crowd (which is pretty abundant being that he is next to a university).
5	The restaurant is small, but most good things come in small packages! The menu has a little bit for everyone - hamburgers, falafel, tuna and hummus. As a vegetarian, I recommended this place because it's inexpensive and there is more to eat than lettuce. The portions are decent, if not big. The owner is very friendly and can definitely customize an order for you. Don't judge the place based on location or reviews that say it's not fancy enough! I did that when I first came in but the food and owner makes it worth it.
5	Nice job Cedars!  They replaced the styrofoam plates with ceramic, and must have changed their recipes on a few items.  Everything was tastier than I remember.  I am moving it up to 5 stars because the owner remembers what I order and how I like my food.  I true family restaurant.
5	Nice small mom and pop restaurant feel to Cedar, when you first walk in your hit by the delicious smell of fresh cooked food.  Persian TV is playing to help with the authentic feel. Owner is working the front counter and is friendly and knowledgeable about the food.  Its a really comfortable restaurant setting that doesn't feel cheesy or overdone.I started with the hummus, baba ghannouj and grape leaves.  The hummus was fresh but the baba stole the show.  I haven't had baba before but it was flavorful and went geat with the pita bread.  The grape leaves were well made and had a great flavor.  For lunch I went with the falafel and it was huge.  Everything came together well, the pickled radishes was a nice touch.  Presentation was straight forward and no frills, they let the food speak for itself so.  Drinks are cans and bottles, my one complaint because I drink like a fish so I can go through two or three sodas.I recommend this place for good food with a homemade feel at a great price .  You can go to chains and get gyros and falafels but they fail to have much flavor due to mass production. As a added treat ask for the Manusha, very unique and a must try!
