5	Mom and Pop's Bagel and Bakery just opened, and I am so happy and excited they did!  The bagels are crackley on the outside and tender and chewy on the inside.  Besides bagels, they also make omelettes to order and offer bagel sandwiches and homemade salads by the pound, as well as other European-style baked goods (light, airy and not too sweet - perfect!).  I really liked the Russian Salad Ham Rolls and pretty much all of the bakery items.  This will definitely be a regular breakfast/lunch stop spot for me, as it is close to work and everything I have tried so far is yummy and the people are so nice!  More on the desserts -  Mom and Pop's desserts are the best I have had so far since moving to Phoenix.  They are very different than those offered by most of the bakeries in Phoenix (like Wild Flower and Paradise Bakeries) - highly recommend trying them out if you want to treat your taste buds to a little something special and unique.
5	I Stopped at Mom & Pop's today and am I ever glad I did.  Gergana let me taste a few samples and I was sold.  I am so excited that she is making dinner rolls for our Thanksgiving meal.  They are going to be delicious. Yum Yum!!This is a great place to stop for a business meeting, to meet a friend or stop in for a smoothie or coffee.  So glad they are in my neighborhood.
3	We went to this super cute and quaint place for a quick bite to eat after the Graffiti Run this weekend. It sounded super cute and had a 5 star rating (noticed there was only 2 reviews after going, whoops!). When we got there the service was great! They weren't that busy and really catered to us and our newbie-ness.I ordered the ham and cheese omelet with an everything bagel... first I was served a ham and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel. But they were really quick to fix the mess up :) Once I got my real order, the omelet was just ok, nothing super special about it. It did seem a little too thin, which I don't really prefer but it was alright. My friend ordered the veggie omelet and somehow they completely forgot the cheese, sad. :( Their coffee wasn't the strongest but was decent. The bagels were actually pretty tasty! Although served plain. But they were quick to give me some cream cheese, so no biggie there.As we were getting ready to leave, the girl at the front came out and gave us a couple bags of bagel chips, on the house!, so that we could have a tasty snack to eat while watching the game that day. So that was an awesome bonus!Also, their Gouda cheese filled pasty... amazing! Same goes for their apple klotchkies! YUM!
5	Great Family Deli! We ordered fresh made bagels, fresh made Bread and fresh inhouse pastries. I own a restaurant myself and understand this family is putting there heart into every product they make. Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
1	We visited this cute-enough little bagel/pastries shop (located in a 'blah' strip mall) for a late breakfast. My wife and I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese bagel sandwich. It came with a free soda/coffee, which was a nice touch - except they were out of decaf (which my wife only drinks). Both our bagels were cold and rather tough. The sandwich also lacked any detectable seasoning, making it very boring. I noticed in other reviews about how friendly the owners are; and we definitely were able to witness that for ourselves. Both "Mom" and "Pop" came out from the kitchen to ask how everything was and thank everyone for their business - even bringing out a bag of free bagels to go! Unfortunately, this attention was only directed at the table NEXT to us, who seemed to be personal friends of the owners. As for the other  three tables of guests in the restaurant? ...nothing. Not a "Hello", "How is your food?", or even a "Thank you" when we left! "Pop" even bumped into me when I was putting my tray in the garbage and didn't say "excuse me" - it was bizarre. So, if below average bagels are your thing and you love to be unappreciated when giving a small business your money; you just found your perfect restaurant!! Sorry "Mom & Pop", I don't think you're going to make it unless you start to make EVERY guest feel like a table of your friends.
3	Had lunch here once. Service was friendly, they even gave me some desserts to try that were yummy (apple and cherry Strudel?)Had the lunch special, turkey on Momma's white bread and came with a drink for 6.99. Kind of pricey for the size of the sandwich if you ask me but the meat was moist ( I think it was your standard Boar's Head deli meat) and the bread was thick and spongy but nothing really special. Want to come back to try their bagels.
4	I've been there twice. The first time I got a load of pastries to go (which turned out to be yummy!) and the second time I went for breakfast. Both times, the service was great and the food was great. I don't know what it's called, but there's a filo dough "tube" filled w/ spinach and cheeses... get it!  Their signage is practically non-existent, so they're unfortunately easy to miss. It's worth a visit.  :)
4	It's so hard these days to find a place that makes real fresh-baked stuff. (Lots of places advertise "fresh baked," but if you ask the right questions you'll find out it's just processed, pre-prepared stuff that gets shipped to the store, and all the store has to do is pop it in the oven.) So when I drove by here after going to lunch in the shopping center I stopped to check it out. The girl at the counter was so friendly, and had answers to all my (annoying) questions. This place is the real deal when it comes to fresh-baked goodies. And while I really only went in there to check it out and ask questions, she was so nice that I bought a brownie. OH MY GOODNESS, that brownie was TO DIE FOR!And to top it off, she threw some complimentary bagels in the bag for me as I walked out with my tiny little purchase. I was so blown away by the service, the genuine care about the customer, and the brownie that the first thing I did when I got home was create a yelp account so I could review this place. This is a real mom and pop shop, and it's obvious they're putting their whole hearts into this place. It would be lovely if more people went and enjoyed what they had to offer. So, to sum up: I went in solely to interrogate them about their baked goods, and unexpectedly left with the most amazing brownie I've ever tasted, some free bagels, and so pumped up from the "WOW" experience that I joined yelp just to give them some internet high-fives.I'm sure they deserve 5 stars, but I'll have to wait til I go back and try their breakfast menu and sandwiches.
5	Great location, right off the 101 hwy.  Wonderful friendly service and excellent bagels!  The coffee is always brewed perfectly!
2	Bagel  what bagel? There were 5 bins and only 3 to select from. Yep this was on a Sunday at 10:30. They said it was because of a morning rush!The Apple Strudel was GOOD but not to die for.Too bad because the service was fantastic, the store was very clean and warm. The menu was clear and  priced in the OK range.There is a lot of competition in the area so for a lox and bagel sandwich I will go elsewhere. I did like the atmosphere and wish I could bring myself to spend $ to keep this place going but they will have to STEP IT UP....
4	"Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. My husband had the most delicious omelet and I had a bagel sandwich. Their bagels are really good. The service is great. Some of the best service we have ever had! Their pastries were delicious as well! The owner could not be nicer. My only critique would be they should add some more bagel and cream cheese flavors.
1	I ordered the ham, cheese, and egg bagel sandwich and it came out cold. The ham was the cheap four by four ham. The bagel wasn't even toasted!!  How do you not toast the bagel!  My buddy had a bagel with cream cheese and they didn't toast that either!  Strange!   The price was expensive $7.99 for a mediocre sandwich and a 6 oz drink.   Also, "Pops" seemed scary with his demeanor and for him being the Chef he had open toed sandals on and no hairnet or hat!!!   I won't go back and I think they won't last another 4 months.
5	Love little mom and pop joints like this .. Especially when mom and pop make the food! I enjoyed the ground beef sausage type meat and their bread is moist and spongy ... Decent price and the place is  well kept and clean
5	My girlfriend and I were searching yelp for a quick breakfast stop and landed here.  I ordered omelet with the bagel and a small coffee. Very affordable! Great value for the money.  And it was delicious.  My girlfriend ordered the sausage breakfast sandwich and really enjoyed that as well. The family is very friendly and wasn't afraid to talk to customers.  Also, as we were leaving, the son offered us free pastries to try and we gladly excepted.  I had the cream cheese filled and my girlfriend had the apple filled. They were both exceptional pastries! We will definitely be back! Always nice to support local business!
5	This place is fabulous.. everything is home made, the service is amazing and the place is always spotless. Funny how some complained that their bagels were not toasted.. obviously not bagel experts .. a fresh bagel should never be toasted :-) but it's to each his own. Everything you order is prepared fresh for you and most often they bring you a little treat to try their baked goods. The Veggie sandwich is delish. they slice the veggies when you order your sandwich... can't get any fresher than that. As a New Yorker, I'm very fussy about my bagels, and these are authentic. Usually 5 or 6 varieties to chose from. I love to support local shops and this one has been a favorite almost since they opened. Some of their stuff is a little pricey, like the breads... but they're home made fresh every day. Worth the price
5	Good everything/plain bagels and decent coffee! Gets a 5 for the free dessert she gave me with the coffee! Will be returning soon!
4	Amazing hospitality that felt like going home. They made sure that everyone did not leave empty handed. The bagels are fresh and without preservatives. The desserts are scrumptious.
5	Great place and awesome people. Try the baked goods as well, the cheese strudel are addictive. They make you feel like family when you are there. Never had anything we didn't love. Great stop when ridding on the bike trail nearby.
5	So sad :( Mom and Pops is closed! I'm going to miss the owners and their delicious bagels/pastries! We wish them the best where ever they are....
5	So sad to see this place closed down.. no sign, no explanation.. hope the owners are well as they're wonderful people. I will miss this place for sure
