2	If I were the manager of this establishment.. well I think I would do a better job hiring. These people are HOOD. One time I was in there and a woman in a wheelchair came asking about a signature drink that had been discontinued and they were so rude to her. I was in disbelief. Not everyone is up on the current cycle of drinks ladies, believe it or not, working at Starbucks as a barista, not that cool. When she struggled to open the door (not ADA compliant) I opened it for her as they were talking about her referring to her as stupid, and even threw "the customer is always wrong" thing in there too. Uh....HELLO??? I was standing there. for about 2 seconds when I just dipped out NEVER to return to the ghettoest (thats a word right?) starbucks in Vegas. Well done ladies. You have outdone yourselves.
3	This Starbucks offers "drive thru" service, which is REALLY convenient.  However, the staff seems to have a very "blah" attitude.  With the really bad economy in Las Vegas, you'd think people would be really happy to have a stable job at all.  I haven't met anyone who was openly rude, but they're definitely not inviting.  Also, they don't do the customary "Starbucks thing" of asking you about the various options you can have with your drink (i.e. whipped cream, etc.).  If you want your drink your way, you have to bring up every option yourself.  Don't assume they'll put whipped cream on your drink; if they don't bring it up, it's not coming with it.  On that note, you should be grateful your cup comes with a lid.  I would give this small place only two stars, but the "drive thru" feature brings it up to three.
1	It would help if the staff new the different sizes... i ordered a grande and got a tall... really... there is even a sticker on the side of the cup that said GR then why serve a tall.. not very smart!
1	The customer service here is a grade F. Especially when your going to the drive thru.
4	Starbucks baristas are usually super up beat And exude a positive energy. This lady didn't disappoint.I really liked this location as it's within a mile from my office. My grande hot pumpkin spice soy latte with 3 raw sugars was just right. The drive thru service was quick also.
5	Very friendly staff here ... It's my daily choice for coffee on way to work...
2	The service in this store was poor yesterday.  After visiting Dr. Hammargren's house yesterday, I stopped here for a thirst quencher before going home.  There were four employees working yet it took over 5 minutes to get a drink.  The person making the fraps was overwhelmed by the drive through and the others didn't help her at all.Surprising for me to give a Starbucks only 2 stars.  I won't stop here again.,
3	I arrive late night regularly - pick up two drinks and scoot out.  Usually in and out in five minutes.One of the baristas is a musclebound hottie who I could look at for DAYS but that's beside the point - it's a good hangout Starbucks due to video gamers playing their Nintendo/handheld games, good internet speed, and it's quiet.  The staff is, for the most part friendly and never particularly busy.  If I'm in a rush and it's an evening, they're usually good to go.  What's fun?  Grab some caffeine and go play some motion video games at Gemini Arcade!  Wooo!
4	If you want to see the slowest drive-thru line at a Starbucks in Las Vegas this location will put on a show for you. Once you get through the long drive thru line though the drinks are always made right and you still get service with a smile even though the staff is clearly frazzled. And for that reason alone...they get 4 Stars from me.
3	Long line for drive though! Thank God for air conditioning....and the drinks are pretty consistent.
4	Quick friendly service.As far as Starbucks go, this is my favorite.  It's on the corner of Sandhill and Flamingo, in a strip mall.  My drink of choice is usually a plain iced coffee.  I'm not really big on the foo foo drinks and it was too hot to have regular coffee.I have always been given great service with a smile.  So, no complaints.
4	Starbucks, ahh, ya, it is a chain duh but I love me some starbucks coffee..
1	Terrible service. Drive thru takes forever! and they can't take a minute to check if they have an ingredient. Instead they just lie and say they don't have it. Go to another location. don't start your day here.
1	I usually have good visits to this location but I guess going through the drive thru today was a bad choice. The person working the drive thru was cranky when I ordered and I was worried she didn't get the second drink I ordered because she talked over me to go to the window. Not sure if it was because I drove away and said out loud to my mom  in the car that I wasn't too sure she got the second drink, but we got to the window and she told us the total and gave me the change without a receipt. She handed me the first drink which was a iced black tea with vanilla that I handed to my mom and the barista girl kind of stalled and waited before even handing a straw and the second drink. But it wasn't until I drove to the other side of town that my mom tasted her drink and they had added flan syrup and vanilla syrup to her tea. It was like half her drink was syrup. It's just extremely suspicious that I got no receipt and the awkward standing and stalling makes me think it was purposely done. Definitely avoiding going there.
2	Meh, it's a Starbucks. It's easy to stump a barista here. And it can definitely take 10 mins to make a tea lemonade here. And then there's the crowd... It's an interesting mix of high school kids killing time and bush professionals holding meetings. There's some other folks too, but I don't want to think about what they're doing. All in all, it's a Starbucks. If you are hankering for something only to be found at a Starbucks, this is a fine enough place to get it.
4	I consider this to be my 2nd starbucks. Im always greeted when I walk in the door. So its positives thus far, tiny lil shoppe which is neither bad or good.  The store us clean and the employees seem to have a sense of humor,  which is good.
4	4 stars because I always end up ordering my coffee sounding like I won the lottery.  The baristas are too freaking unbelievably cheery and sweet.  Even a stink-eye lowbrow guy like me catches the prozac-esque bubbly elevated vibe these employees usually have. Temporarily only, thankfully.  The coffee is also a positive experience.  Great corporate monster java hub on the eastside!
5	HOLLA! That's how I feel BEFORE I get my quad espresso naked. After I'm arrested for indecent exposure, not so much. i'm trying to be gooder..........I kid. I love this place. I'm a man's man and of coursedo not adulterate my espresso with anything. Two gulps and its gone. I was a cabdriver until I retired, and the quad, gulps, and schmoozing with good looking, healthy baristas was all part of that ritual. There aresome habits that I have allowed to follow  me into retirement and this is one. But wait me droogies,theres more. This place is a veritable crossroads forhitchhikers going to and returning from the galaxy.Where else could I have met a guy who grew up withWhitey Bulger, an Iranian doctor who fled Iran justbefore the Shah did, the biker mama from a parish inLoosyana, where french cajun is the first language.ALL IN THE SAME MINUTE! Barista, bella, un otra espresso sin ropas, pro favor!The service,scenery, and caffeine are 5 star. Checkit out, me Droogies.
