3	Cave Creek has its share of cowboy/steak/country-music/rib/fried-chicken touristy type places.  This is no exception.  It is the best of the lot though, and not a bad choice if you're in the area.  The beer garden has live music many nights and can be a chill hangout.  You'll be amongst cowboys (the real deal), wealthy folk from the area, and an eclectic mix of other bar friends.  Inside you'll find families and tourists for the most part.  Don't come here expecting exceptional food -- it just ain't gonna happen.  Ribs and chicken are staples and hard to go wrong with.  Just be careful of that chili beer... Heather L. says it best - "it tastes like someone took a bottle of corona and filled it with table pepper".
3	When I was a kid, this place was awesome.  Now.... much less so.  It has kept some of it's flair, but unless you're from the Midwest and just stepping off of a bus onto their property, you most likely won't be impressed.  While the food isn't bad, as others have mentioned - it's priced for the tourists.  Last time I was there was maybe... 8 months ago? We had a friend in who had remembered it from a prior trip.  Even they commented that the prices seemed to have gone up.  And in the 8 months since we've been back, I'm sure they've gone up yet again.  While this is the best recognized place in the area, I'm sure it's getting pressure to sell out if it's not making enough profit.  So many of the other awesome spots in the area (Jackalope, Tree-house) have had to sell out and change over the last few years. And the land prices are just going higher and higher.  So while I kinda "get it" about why they need to keep prices up to survive, I feel like I'm getting less for my money each time I've gone.  If you've got a friend in from another part of the country - bring them on out.  Make it part of a trip to see some of the other spots in the area.  But think of it more as a Cave Creek historical visit than a place to be overwhelmed with entertainment and/or food value.
3	Fun place to take friends visiting with their kids.  Thought the food was ok, but then again doesn't seem like food is really the point...it's all about the funny t-shirts and the funky atmosphere.If you go, then would recommend taking advantage of current  $10 all-you-can eat specials (mains only, so will have to pay extra for side salads, etc) with bbq beef ribs on Monday,  fish fry on Friday and fried chicken on Sunday.  Otherwise the menu was surprisingly pricey.Had the all-you-can-eat beef ribs and thought it was solid with portion so generous that I couldn't take them up on the offer for refills.  Really liked the fries that came with it.  But should have skipped the salad bar.
4	Oh.  I kinda feel like a tourist after reading some of the other reviews here, but there is no denying that this place is badass.  Shoot, any place that serves mason jars of homebrew, presented by a gruff, female bartender is kool-n-the-gang in my hypercritical mind.  Though, the only place I can imagine getting the full value of this spot is up on the teetering, wobbly stools along the long-worn wooden bar.  Don't be afraid to light up a square, as smoking actually appears to be encouraged here.  Score one for the bourgeoisie!I was most impressed with their Bock beer, which I happened to go apey over, since brewing Bock and serving it at a friendly watering establishment is a genuinely got-damn rare event, so i had a few of those.  It was good.  Slightly thinner than the normal Bock I drink, but tasty nonetheless.  I didn't try the food, and to be honest, I don't know why one would come here expecting anything other than crappy Az-Mex, but people were eating it and seemed sated by it.  IMO, just come here to catch some sunset/evening brews before or after you hit up El Encanto.
1	Forget it.As a child, my parents and I would make the drive out here once a month to eat. I loved it. I remember it being almost 'grandma's house' friendly. I don't remember much about the food, but I've been back a few times more recently (before the change in ownership) and loved it.But then some very shady things happened and the business was essentially stolen from the long-time owners. I shamefully say that I've since been twice. It's not the same by any means. There's no soul in the (albeit basic, no fancy stuff here) food preparation. It's a cold atmosphere, as well. And the atmosphere used to BE the place. There are a few other decent places around. Avoid the new Satisfied Frog.It's sad. Well, according to the website, the previous and rightful owners have a new place up in Black Canyon City. I'm hoping to be up that way some time soon, with any hope the old atmosphere has been transferred.
3	This is a tourist stop.  Story has it, that a husband and wife opened the Horny Toad and then they divorced and the one who didn't keep the Toad, started the Satisfied Frog.  How quaint!It's a fun place, but nothing special.  Fun for kids and retired people.  If you don't fall into those categories, press on to DC Ranch in north Scottsdale.The food is bland and the Bloody Marys are not consistent.  You can do better.
3	Well, I had to give it three stars because I'm biased by all my visits with the family growing up. I do however, have to agree with Paul. My parents used to always take family from out of town here, and back then it seemed to have a lot more character then as of late. Maybe it was because I was a kid and I wasn't paying but upon returning as a grown up it just wasn't as much fun...
3	Really liked this place when we went there. Sorry to hear that it is closed.
5	This place was good in it's day but has closed and now REOPENED down on Bell Rd in Phoenix. Great food, terrific drinks and nice people. The same original good food in a  new place. give it a try - you'll enjoy as much as we do. It's a weekly place for us.
