5	Our frig had stopped cooling, and so we called up to set an appointment and he was available that day. (As opposed to another company we called that could only fit us in 2 days from the call.)He gave us a 2 hour window and called right at 11:30 and showed up right at noon.He quickly looked at our unit and knew what was wrong and went about fixing it. The pricing was fair and he made the effort to show us what was being done as he was doing it.  Nothing bad to say.
5	When we moved into our new house, our ice maker didn't work. After about 5 months, I got sick of buying ice from the grocery store and called both our home warranty and KitchenAid (the make of the fridge) to get some recommendations for refrigerator repair. Between those two companies, I was given 4 names for repair places.I spent about an hour searching and reviewing all four companies on Google. 3 of those companies had a host of terrible reviews, and 2 of them had an F rating from the BB. Only 1 of the companies had mediocre reviews, and an A from the BBB.During my research however, I stumbled upon "The Refrigerator Specialist." I was a little skeptical at first, due to the same name and number popping up on multiple websites, without much other information. Despite this, there seemed to be a host of glowing comments.So, since the first 4 people recommended to me all looked pretty terrible, I took a chance and called this place. Mike (the owner?) answered the phone. I get the feeling this is just one guy running his own refrigerator repair business.Mike comes across a little gruff (think East Coast type of attitude) but got straight to the point. I called late on a Friday afternoon and he was here early Saturday morning. He took a look at my fridge, told me exactly what was wrong with it and what it would cost to fix. He didn't play games. He didn't try to up sell me. He didn't add on any crazy fees. His prices were very reasonable. Once we agreed on the price, he fixed it then and there (he had extra parts in his truck). It was honestly quite refreshing to deal with someone who is prompt, honest, and does quality work. The next time I have any problem with my refrigerator or freezer, Mike will be the first person I call.
5	Our fridge wasn't cooling ... Called Mike he got the model number and within half hr he was at my house and within another half hr he was gone replaced the motor very reasonable price and excellent service... Thanks for the vanilla tip awesome ... Would call again for anything happening with my fridge ... Thanks again ... Ohhh my dogs love him too lol ....
