5	I went to Montreal this past weekend with my soon to be sister-in-law for her mini bachelorette getaway weekend. I was interested in renting a scooter, because I've always wanted to own one even though I've never ridden one. I found Dyad through a few google searches and trip advisor. For a novice like me, this was an excellent place to start. The staff (and owners) were extremely helpful. They answered my initial email question promptly and I was told I wouldn't need a reservation. I would suggest at least calling before you go over there, in case a group of people has just shown up to rent scooters all at once. About the scooters - we rented what I think is called the "Smog" model. One of the owners said it was great for women to ride.- no gas, no plate, no drivers liscence needed- ride in the bike lane or the road. I thought I would rather use the bike lane, but in the end I felt safer and more comfortable in the road. Less likely to be hit by a car door opening.- Parking: I wish I had asked them what they suggest about parking, because I didn't want to take up a whole car spot in the road or just leave them on the sidwalk. Eventually we found a row of scooters and motorcycles in Old Montreal, and we left them there- very easy to use!- they were out of locks, but showed us how to lock the wheel. They seemed confident it was enough to keep the bike safe, but I think if I owned one I wouldn't rely on just that.- we took a regular battery, because we knew we weren't actually driving very much. I think it would have lasted for 3 hours of driving. You can pay extra for a lithium battery. The cost: there is a $250 freeze put on a credit card when you rent. For about 2.5 hours, the cost was less than $70 for both of us. Definitely worth it. Yes - I was terrified at first. My sister-in-law was also very nervous. But our "instructor" never once pushed us out the door and rushed through instructions. I know we didn't have to leave until we were confident. They did NOT charge us for the time spent learning how to drive, which I very much appreciate.As soon as we were on the road, zoom zoom zoom! It took all of five minutes for me to feel comfortable, and I have NEVER been on a scooter or e-bike before. I didn't want to take them back to the store!Since renting the scooters, I have decided I want to own one! I found a place in Toronto (where I live) that rents them so I can show my boyfriend the way of the e-bike. If I find myself in Montreal for a weekend, I will definitely be back to Dyad.
5	I spent Labor Day weekend in Montreal with my boyfriend.  After spending our first day walking around, we nearly signed up for the double decker bus tour, but at the last minute decided to rent scooters instead.  Our plan was to share one, but the owner highly encouraged us to each take one.  She let us take the scooters to the nearby Mont Royal to see if I'd feel comfortable.  I couldn't believe she just let us take them!  I love the way small business owners like these will go out of their way to make you feel like a valued customer.  After the trial we were sold!  We saw so much of the city on our little electric scooters.  Going up Mont Royal all of the people that were walking seemed jealous of us.  The owners let us stop by whenever our batterys were getting low to swap out for a fresh one.  I definitely would recommend this to anyone visiting the city.  Its very reasonable and allows you to see many areas of the city that you'd miss on the big bus tour.  Thanks Dyad!
5	Magnifique! Riding around town on a scooter is the way to go! Such a fun way to explore a new city!
5	Brilliant. Perfect way to explore the city.We randomly saw this place on a night jaunt across Prince Arthur. A member of our crew was interested in buying a scooter back in Toronto, so we looked up the store, and rented e-scooters the next day.It was shockingly easy to arrange. We simply filled out a form, gave a copy of our IDs (no drivers license necessary), and we were given the scooters. A quick, 5 minute lesson, and we were on our way around the city.Montreal is an excellent city to discover on a bike. There are many bike paths, and you can find maps.Best destinations:- head down Berri to Old montreal. You can zoom around the old port and then across the canal. Bike lanes continue across to the other side of the canal, and as you continue south-east along, you'll reach a fork in the road. One way will take you across the bridge to the biosphere. The other will take you to Isle de Sores. If you're going to Isle de Sores make sure you have a lot of charge on your battery, it's best done as 2 separate trips, as you could easily run out of juice on your bike.- head down Berri toward the water. This time turn east and go along the coast. turn north at some point and head up to olympic stadiumRental Rates (July 2012):$15 for the 1st hour, $9 for each additional hour.Max: $55 per 24 hours.The owners are extremely kind and reasonable. Truly a pleasure to deal with.
5	What an amazing experience!!!  We rented 5 electric bikes and had the best time in our trip to Montreal. Highly recommend it, especially if you are with a big group, and it's a great chance to cruise around old Montreal and ride by the river. Since you can use bike lanes, the areas you can visit expand even more (you can cross bridges that only allow pedestrians and bikes).  The staff was extremely helpful and kind, which made the experience all the better.
5	We are finishing up a two week long road trip up the east coast of the US and Canada and I'm frankly history-ed out. We were lucky enough to find this option by accident through trip advisor (I don't think they are categorized as a tour here). We had a 'private' tour with a guide (I think no one else signed up -again, just lucky) on two electric bike scooters type things. Our tour was the perfect mix of history, adventure, and local culture to make it perfect for us. If you are looking for history this probably isn't for you. If you are tired of history laden walking tours and want to know how the locals live...this is it. We definitely go with them again if we were in town.
5	DYAD is without a doubt one of Montreal's rare gems. I discovered them during my 3-week trip to Montreal back in July of this year, and their electric scooters allowed me to experience the city in no other way possible (the best way in my opinion), at quite an affordable price. DYAD's edge however, is their exemplary customer service. David, Daniel, and Joelle gave me some of the best customer service I have ever experienced, and I am soon coming back for seconds :) Go see them, you won't be disappointed!Seb L.
5	Amazing bike rental place. Really friendly and cool people. Hooked us up with extended batteries, gave us tips on where to ride! I'm going to miss this place (we live in the US).
5	This was a HIGHLIGHT of my trip.  Rented a scooter and went on my own for 2 hours.  My only advice is that it's on the corner of Coloniale and Prince Arthur, I had trouble finding it.  Oh, and watch the hills.
5	We did the Montreal scooter your for $89 and it was worth every penny.    Our tour guide David was awesome and very knowledgable.     This is a must do when visiting Montreal.
5	Do yourself a favor and rent an electric scooter from Dyad - it will make your experience of Montreal so much more fun. I had never ridden a scooter before, and now I am even thinking of buying one. It is clean, fast (35km/h), very cool (the locals kept asking me where I had gotten mine), and puts all of Montreal and surrounding area in your hands. Riding bycicles is nice, but this battery-powered little beast takes you to another level.On top of that, the owners of the store are really nice and flexible - you can tell they love what they do. And they even provide scooter tours of the city. I will probably take one the next time I visit.
4	My parents, the bf, and I went to Montreal for the first time together. We wanted to see the city in a unique way. My stepdad suggested a Segway tour but I've been on so many Segway tours (yes, I'm a nerd) and I wanted to change it up. Electric scooter looked fun. The price of the scooter tour is the same as bicycle tours in the city so why not save some energy on peddling? We booked a private tour for the 4 of us and met our guide, Carrie, at the shop. We were each assigned a scooter and taught how to ride it. According to Dyad's website, "Riding a Scooter is as easy as 1,2 3." Well, not quite. My mom could not figure it out and I was nervous the whole time. Furthermore, the tour led us along very busy streets in Montreal and a lady almost wiped out my stepdad when she opened her car door unexpectedly. Other than that, the tour was fantastic. We went up Mont Royal and explored all around Jean Talon Market. Since we booked a private tour, we were able to customize the tour to focus more on food, yummy! I would highly recommend the Dyad tour (just be careful).
5	AMAZINGThe whole experience here was perfect.  We had originally booked a regular two hour tour in the morning, but the weather ended up being pretty terrible at first.  Luckily things cleared up, and we were able to change our tour to a private (2-person) tour later in the afternoon (luckily, the weather cleared right up!)The booking experience was easy and painless.  Had everything arranged through email prior to arriving.  No complaints at all.  When we did arrive, Joelle met with us and went over all the details of the tour and what she needed from us.  She was very friendly and answered all of our questions.  She introduced us to our tour guide, Dave, who was awesome.  He did such a great job showing us tips and tricks on the scooters, and totally put us at ease riding through the busy city.  The tour itself was great - we got to see several different parts of the city and try a few different food items along the way.  I will say, it was not 100% as I expected - I was thinking it'd be more of a historical thing - "This building on your right was built in the 1800s and blah blah blah blah"... Instead what we got from Dave, was a more modern take on things.  He took us around to different parts of the city and explained the culture of how things were today, which as an American and Australian, was pretty fascinating.  I enjoyed it much more than I would have enjoyed the historical tidbits.  Both my wife and I have now decided we need to get scooters!  We really enjoyed it that much.I can't say enough good things about Dyad and the whole experience.  The service, the bikes, the people... everything is top notch!
5	Tried it for the 2nd time this month, I went to the one on the plateau, Prince author. I went with a friend! rented for 2 hours! we had a blast, managed to go to the islands, downtown, a bit east, oldport and back. The scooters are well maintained and they are flexible with time, they didnt charge anything for an extra 20 min, and they waited after their shift and welcomed us back with a smile.All in all great experience.Service - AmazingScooter - Easy to drive + Fast enoughAmazing idea for a date !
5	My husband and I went outside of our comfort zone and decided to take a tour of Montreal with Dyad on the Scooters! It was amazing!!!! David was our tour guide and what a fantastic day it was! After a few "nervous" blocks it was a blast! David was amazing and showed us all the neighborhoods, interesting tidbits and all told us those quirky things that we would love to know! The views were incredible, the fresh hot bagels ..wonderful ..and the fresh fruit from the market...perfect! If there is one thing you do while visiting Montreal ..Do this with David as your tour guide!
5	I went with 3 other friends and had an AMAZING time. David was our tour guide and was SO much fun. He learned our team's strength and weaknesses and accommodated our tour accordingly. He even took us to restaurants that may be good to try for lunch/dinners and took into consideration the vegetarians in our group.I would definitely recommend this fun and entertaining tour
