5	My front tooth broke off and didnt know what to do. I can't afford to take time off from work. My mother told me that she had good work done at this office and they are open on Saturday. I walked in to see if I could at least have it patched up so I don't look like a freak. They were able to see me right then because of my emergency. The office was busy but I needed my tooth fixed.  They took  xrays on a computer and the dentist checked my bad tooth.  I needed a root canal and a crown. I was sure that it was going to be very expensive. Turned out that I could make payments and fix my tooth right then. The dentist was very nice and didnt hurt me. They did the root canal and put a normal looking tooth where there was just a gap. No pain after I left and went back to get my crown.  No problems, my tooth looks perfect and everyone was nice. I will definetly go back to have some other problems fixed. very clean and modern. Very nice people.  They saved me from a embarrassing situation.  I tell everyone how good this office is.
5	I HATE DENTISTS. Always have. But not now! If you need a caring, gentle dentist, I highly recommend Dr Newt Henderson at Western Dental. He listens and truly cares about the patient's fears and concerns. He has made my dental care painless and easy to endure.
4	I had a really bad prior experience with having a tooth pulled. Dr. Griffiths listened to my concern and made sure my experience this time was as pain free as possible. (Of course there is always pain with the injections to numb the area.) He did a great job of putting me at ease and the whole experience wasn't as bad as expected. Just wish that the inexperienced dental assistant wasn't afraid of having someone work with her until she is more comfortable with and experienced in her job. She seems to hit all of the sensitive areas of my mouth, reset my temporary bridge incorrectly when it came loose and had a real problem with taking my xrays as well. She is a really sweet girl, just needs more experience and more help until she gains that experience. She will be awesome once that is achieved.
