5	Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Good personal trainers. Spacious.  Nice pool. Modern gym equipment, and they've got kettle bells, my favourite.  They seem to keep up with some trends too - having Viper, TRX, etc. as well.  They've also got some good classes, from spinning to "zumba".... The showers tend to be clean - in fact, I see the staff cleaning all the time. Also a tiny cafe - though mostly for fuel, not cuisine - and a little wifi too (though a little limited and slow).  Overall, a very good gym.
4	As much as I protest the opposite, I'm apparently something of a worry bunny. And apparently when I worry, I get tense. And this tension turns my shoulders and upper back to a big knot of ouch.I sadly cannot afford the luxury of monthly spa visits. But I have, on occasion, saved up my pennies and gone for a massage to ease all the knots and as a proper stress relief. I've tried two other spas in Edinburgh specifically for massages and both times left lighter in the pocket, no less eased in the back, and if anything even more unhappy due to how poor the experience was.Not at HeavenV. I was lucky enough to receive a voucher for a neck, shoulder and back massage here for Christmas. I'm sure the masseurs name was Kim. And oh my. Her hands were magic.I specified 'firm' for the massage, and firm she was. At points it was sore, really sore. But I could tell that as she was massaging she was picking up on the bits that clunked the most, and really worked on them. Thoroughly. So by the end of the massage, the knots had gone! She commented I was really tight in areas, which has never happened before either. I almost proposed to her there and then, my back felt so light!Two weeks on and I'm knotted up again. But for once, I KNOW where I'm going to go and that I'm going to feel better after it. I'm still needing to save pennies and it's no regular habit, but I don't begrudge spending the pennies at all.The Spa itself isn't the most luxurious spa I've been to. It's city centre, housed within the Virgin gym, in the basement. The toilets are back up some stairs, and attached to the gym, and not glamorous. For a girls' Spa evening, or a proper indulgent treat I wouldn't say the ambience here is what you'd go for.But for a regular masseuse, I couldn't ask for anything better.
3	Maybe I am not experienced enough in the gym scene to comment properly. Through my time with Virgin, I noticed a few things, though. For someone who needs a bit of a push, the instructor makes all the difference. Virgin OMNI has some very good ones. Some solid ones. And some - one should avoid. Not that different than in other aspects of life. The key is to find the good ones and be able to stick with them. There is no point in working hard on wrong things. How would you like to find out that for years you had been cultivating all the wrong moves in badminton? Well, I did. (that is another story).On the cons side, the gym management does not seem to value loyalty. I have seen excellent instructors leave way too often. It is always painful whenever that happens. It may be a nature of the business itself, but I just cannot see why any gym management would not take greater care of the most valuable resources they have? Despite what many joining members may believe, it is not machinery and space that makes all the difference. Yes, equipment and facility are important, but people make all the difference.  I believe Virgin could do more on recognizing instructor talent and keeping them.That brings me to the second point - they are big on recruiting new members, but not so great at keeping them. It is as if getting you in was enough. Crowds of new faces all the time. I learned that they even can predict after-summer peak, hugely boosted by the students intake, which flatters right before Xmas, then peaks again immediately after - call that a post-new-year-resolution crowd. Many do not stick around for long. That is why the Virgin sales team can be assured of their job security. But I find this short-termism fundamentally wrong in the business that should be about long term investement in your health.Is that just me? Or is that a mere response to a quick fix mentality? A twisted sense of customer focus. Quantity over quality. Huge retention.Great place for short term guilty trip gym fix.Takes some effort and determination to rip the benefits - long term.
4	People bang on about how expensive Virgin is, but truth be told quality does not come cheap... Virgin Active ;Accessible +Variety of classes +Swimming Pool +New/Quality Machines +Variety of free weights +Hygienic  +Friendly Staff + Spacious +Phone Reception - The most attractive aspects of Virgin Active come from it's spacious environment, variety of machines and low density of customers. The waiting time to get to do your sets are very limited, even unapparent unless it's peak time and I believe that's an essential factor that makes a good gym. The staff are  friendly and encouraging to get you into better shape, the members tend to focus on their own workouts, the self adoring-mirror poser bodybuilders are still at minimum level and the background DnB /Dub/Minimal music is always a blast!In overall Virgin Active is a great gym and it's definitely worth the extra money paid!
5	Having been to my fair share of gyms over the years this has to be one of the best. Always enjoyed my workouts here. I should add this review is based on when I was a member 18 months a ago before I left Edinburgh now I am a member at its sister gym at fountain park anyway back to this gym.Positives:Good opening hours you can go early morning late at night and all that's in-between ( my college gym doesn't open till 7:30 and then you have to be out between 9-4 cause of classes) Lots of  cardio equipment so you can always find a machine even during the busiest times.A good range or weight machines can work the whole body.Wide choice of classes there are always the latest thing on offer.Boxing/ MMA room just off the main floor.Good sized studios for classes.friendly welcoming staff, Yvonne the gym instructor who did my 6 week plan with me was really nice and helpful.Sauna and steam room good size and temp with cold showers outside. Can only speak for the men's one of course.Always clean.Towels provided that makes life so much easier no carrying bulky wet towels around all day. And for a small fee you could rent a permanent locker so you can leave shoes protein powder at the gym all you need to take is shorts ant-shirt.The negatives:Not many but the free weight are wasn't great poor layout for a gym with lots of space.The kettle bell area was just kind of squeezed in like an after thought.The price once you get over 25 is a bit much for the place but only just.So overall I would recommend this place to working busy professionals, lots of corporate members here.
