4	I really can't believe that no one has reviewed this store.   Well let me start so that others can join in.We have purchased a number of items from American.   What I like about the place is that it is so well organized and easy to shop.   The sales people are really helpful and knowledgeable and can really help you make a good decision.  Once in a while you will get someone that is looking out more for their sale than for your purchase so be sharp.  But for the most part I have gotten very good advice and help.They have a fantastic kitchen area that is just worth stopping by to see and get ideas.  The store itself is well ahead of any other furniture/electronics/appliance store in the Madison area and I am always surprised when people tell me they don't consider shopping here.  I once had a bad experience here and so I went shopping for a washer at some other stores.   They were so awful in selection and assistance that I went back to American and was very happy with my experience.Madison would really lose something good if American was not in town.We haven't always had the best experience and the service and concern hasn't been the best over the years.
2	Hi. Once you've been told that your base price for an item is out of one's budget, how is it that you justify trying add on more items? Does it make sense to ANYONE to continue adding to the price of something that you've already been told is too much to begin with? I foolishly provided my email address, and not even 24 hours later, I had my first of three advertisement emails in my inbox. Within a 5 day period, two more advertisement (SPAM) emails followed. I ended up getting a much larger, higher quality product at a neighboring competitor for about $40 less than what American was asking for a smaller, entry level model, and I subsequently ended up purchasing another large ticket item with a line of credit opened at that store. I guess the moral of the story is to listen to your customer. If your product costs too much, and you can't do any better, maybe it's best that you either let the customer know that's the best you can do or at least try to make a deal. Although the salesperson at American was a decent enough individual, when I ask for apples, don't sell oranges, bananas, and pears.
5	I just found out that this store will be opening at 5am and not 12 midnight like many of their competitors.  Hat's off to American for doing the right thing and allowing their employees to enjoy Thanksgiving.  I up them a star for this and urge others to support them since they know how to properly treat this national holiday.
1	We purchased a dishwasher from American in September and installed it in October.  We purchased the service plan (even though I rarely do) and went on our way. The dishwasher was working great until earlier this week when it just quit (Bosch model, about $500). I called their repair line on Monday night and was told the earliest they could come out was Friday. I explained that NO ONE would be home and the guy said, "No worries, we're insured. If you leave the door open, our repair person can just come in." I said that sounds great, let's do it. So, today comes around and based on my cell phone, the repair guy shows up 10 minutes early and decides that I'm not home so he calls the service center. They give him my phone number (I'm a teacher....so no surprise here....I was teaching and not answering my cell phone b/c remember: I'm NOT HOME) and he calls me. Leaves no msg. He then takes it upon himself to leave. When I get done teaching at 2:10 I call his number back thinking that he was just calling me to tell me he was done. What he instead says is "Well, you weren't home so I left." I explain that I was told that he would just come in. He said there were no notes in the system. I call American and the moral of that story is that they're sorry there's nothing they can do. They tried to get him to return but he was "done for the day" and would not go back. I explained to the customer service person that I wish all of us could be done with work on Fridays at 1:30 as well and it was unfortunate that there was "nothing they could do." Well, this is something I can do: tell you guys to watch out for American's service department. I don't even want to know what will happen when they return next week to actually fix my dishwasher.
1	these people suck. don't shop here if you want your furniture soon. we struggled to find anything we liked that was in stock. any special orders take 3 months or more. we finally found two chairs that were scheduled to be in stock today (July 26th) and decided to make the purchase July 19th. One week wasn't the end of the world. I just found out that it will not be until Aug 1st until they can deliver. For a store that doesn't seem to have any product, it seems like that is a long wait. They had 4 chances to level set my expectations and still led me to believe that they will be delivered on or around the day they had the product. It also took them almost an hour to figure out how to apply our in store rebate we earned to our order which was frustrating and excessive. Steinhafels by the way had comparable net prices and the selection was not only greater but also in stock.
1	One star
1	You can expect decent service only until the sale is made. When it comes to delivery, they suck! They said the range we wanted was not in stock and assured it will be delivered within 10 days to two weeks. It's almost a month out and  there is no one to give a proper response. The switch board operator hardly waits to hear you out before transferring to some unrelated department (like repairs).
3	Ok - this is two departments being reviewed in the same post.First - Appliances.  Ask for Rachel.  Seriously.  She is awesome.  Our budget is not on the high side and she was absolutely working with us.  I like honesty, rather than fluff.  Rachel also gave us print outs on the appliances we were looking at.  FIVE stars.Second - Furniture.  Ok, sorry to be "this girl" but please if you are going to wear your jersey on game day then try to look professional.  I do not remember your name because you were absolutely forgettable.  I want my salesperson to look nice but not as if they rolled out of bed from the night before.  A long jersey over stretch pants mixed with two layers of eye make-up does not make me trust you.  Seriously.  Wash your face.Then this salesperson had no knowledge of her products.  I asked about furniture protection.  She handed me a brochure.  No explanation, no follow-up.  I said no recliners, she asked if I would consider one because they had a deal right now. Obviously not.  I hate recliners.  Perhaps her time to put together such a thoughtful outfit led to her inability to learn her stock.  Worst part?  As I was walking out, I found my perfect couch AND on sale.  Then I remembered if I bought it from the American furniture section, I may have to deal with her.  I kept walking. ONE star.  Only because Yelp prevents 0.
4	American TV furniture division has stepped it up a notch.  No, about 10 notches.I used to be SO disappointed in furniture options in Madison until recently.  They have some awesome new lines that look modern, hip, and actually in a decent price range.  I had to drag myself out of the store, or I would still be hanging out with all the cool stuff.I also have to give props to Heather R. who is a fantastic sales woman and knows her stuff.  Need something hip for your digs?  Check it out!
1	Crap store. Just called to see if they still carry apple products. Was normal item just didn't know if they carried it. Was told that I must come in to the store to find out can't say over the phone. I didn't want to know price just if they had it. I have no clue what they carry since they just dropped so many items. Now I know why. I would avoid American but for sure the West Madison location!
1	They announced today they are closing. As you can see due to my previous review I am not surprised. Sad but not suprised.
1	Liqidation sale! Items were marked up more then befor the sale. Tvs are being sold for more then Best Buy reg price..... be diligent and check prices. This sale is not great at all.  Bought a small lamp but when got home it would not work! Called they can"t exchange it...... got screwed out of 126.98! AMERICAN TV..... I will not miss you!
2	American TV is now out of business. Is it wrong to dance on their grave? A couple years ago they sold me a glider chair which was preposterously fragile. They wouldn't return it and I was an unsatisfied customer. I never returned. Apparently I wasn't the only one.
