4	This was my 2nd time going to this specific Jiffy Lube location and both time the service has been great.  This location usually isnt busy so I try to go on my lunch break and I am in and out of there with enough time to have my lunch!  The guys that work there are really nice and honest with what you need.  So far so good!  Keep up the good work guys!
2	Bait and switch. Normally I go to my local mechanic for servicing and oil changes but today due to my lack of time and ability to get to where my mechanic is located, I ventured into a Jiffy Lube for a quick oil change. I pulled up and was told my choices, which started at $29.99 and went up from there. Not needing anything fancy I requested the $29.99 service and oil change. After 5 minutes inside, I am brought out by a guy named Shaun, who tells me that the service I asked for was "a promotion only" and is not available. I would need to upgrade to the $39.99 service. Obviously I freaked out and called him out on the bait and switch. To his credit he did bring the price back down to the original one we agreed on, and he upgraded me to Shell oil as well. I also had a couple of lights changed out that were not working and they did the servicing just fine. However, I was still a little upset at the fact that I had to fight for the price we agreed on when I pulled up. Look, I was aware that Jiffy Lube has a reputation for doing this sort of thing before this incident, I just didn't want to believe they would do it to me...Bait and switch is THE WORST form of upselling and it does not sit well with folks. When will they learn that? The excuse changed over the course of the 40 minutes I was there, which showed me they really don't have a legitimate reason for pulling that stunt on me. Here's the list of excuses I heard: 1. The promotion price was wrong2. The promotion is for Tuesday only (nowhere did it say this)3. Our guy is new (the guy who quoted me the price)4. Corporate makes us post this price (even though they couldn't offer it to me)Listen, I get it. Upselling is a part of this business. But the way they went about it was poor. The service was fine, Shaun tried to make it right, but overall I wasn't too impressed. I'm fairly sure I won't be back.
1	Have had my oil changed here before. It's fine. But today they decided that they wouldn't accept company checks. This with advertisements on their marquee and on a banner in their shop that the offer "fleet services." I am the owner of a construction company, and I do not give my employees company credit cards. I don't know of other businesses that have a "fleet" of vehicles that give their employees cards. Makes no sense. So, I drove to a different jiffy lube location which accepted my company check.  which makes no sense either, but I got my oil changed, so that's something.
1	They lie, and do who knows what other questionable practices. I wish that I had checked out the reviews here before going in to Jiffy Lube for an oil change. A week ago my car battery died, so after having a new one put in, I decided that I would also go get an oil change since I now had the day off from work. Knowing that I couldn't get a same day appointment at a shop that I like, I decided to stop by the local Jiffy Lube.When I pulled up, they told me that the oil changes start at $41.99, which is a lot more than I am used to paying for an oil change. Luckily I had a $10 off coupon which helped. So after they tried to upsell me on everything, and they finished up, I was brought out for the summary and to pay. This is where the lies started. They told me that they filled up my battery fluid. I know they didn't because it was a brand new battery that had literally just been installed about 2 hours ago. I was there for the install and know it was done well. They said that they had checked my lights, and that they were all good. Actually, one of my break lights has been out for a while. Do they not want me to ask for a replacement? When they lie about stupid stuff like that, I lose trust in all of their work. But here's the part that really bothers me:They told me that my brake fluid was really low, and that I need to get my brakes looked at and worked on. I thought that it was possible that I could use some brake fluid, but I had my everything in the brake system replaced less than a year ago, so I know that is working fine. And I hadn't been having any problems with my brakes. I got in my car and left. After leaving, the brake light on my dashboard constantly lit up, and I could feel a difference in how my car was braking. Funny how that didn't happen even once before they touched my car. Because of that and because I know they lied about other things, I now suspect that they messed with my brake fluid. Never going back to this shady place.
1	This place is slow. Took my truck in for an oil change. 2 Hrs later it still hasn't got done. Hasn't even moved from the first position in line.  That's two hours of my time sitting in a horrible waiting room.  Wal-Mart would have been better.  If you want to waist your day then defiantly take you vehicle here for an oil change. Slow..............
