3	Harvest is a breath of fresh air as far as the friendliness and welcoming personality of the staff (something that Kashman's cannot seem to remotely be able to do!).The food so far is average, as everything I've had tasted as if it came from a mix (i.e: Hollandaise sauce, Pancakes). The potatoes are to die for though and so is the fresh squeezed orange juice.I was excited all along to see a new restaurant open in the neighborhood and I wish them all the success in the world. However I do feel that the food needs a little improvement as the taste of freshness just does not seem to be there. Prices are relatively reasonable considering the extensive menu offerings.The interior is very nicely done with a nice choice of seating of both regular tables and booths. All the wood is made from recycled telephone poles.There is also outdoor seating but it seems like they are only setting it up for lunch at this time. The restaurant also features a full bar.The menu is very extensive for breakfast serving everything from omelettes to pancakes and waffles and crepes, to lox and bagel platter and eggs benedict.For lunch, the offerings are quite impressive from salads to burgers to hot dogs ...For the time being, Harvest is open at 6:00 a,m daily and even serves breakfast until 2:00 pm. The restaurant has plans to be open in the near future for dinner but plans have not been yet set in stone and neither is their dinner menu.
4	I have to say it is refreshing to get another brunch place in the area besides Kashman's.  I have eaten there twice and have gotten the same thing.  I strongly recommend the "Gobble Gobble" wrap. The turkey was fresh inside along with yummy stuffing and cranberry sauce.  If you miss that Thanksgiving meal, it is a great choice. My husband ordered the turkey burger along with sweet potato fries. We thoroughly enjoyed the sweet potato fries, but he enjoyed my wrap better than his turkey burger.  My father in law got the lox, bagel, and cream cheese and said the lox was very fresh tasting.  My mother in law got eggs along with a side of fruit. The fruit included strawberries, blueberries, and bananas which looked very fresh and a great combo rather than most places that just have mixed melon for their sides of fruit.  The items are not overpriced on the menu either.  I hear they are open for dinner now, but I have not seen the dinner menu yet. Lastly, everyone I have gone with has commented on the ambiance of the restaurant looking very clean and comfortable.  If you just want a casual breakfast or lunch in the area, go try out Harvest.
4	My wife just loves this place for breakfast. We decided to try it out for dinner. The roasted duck was a bit on the dry side. Had the sauce on the side which wasn't enough to finish my meal and the vegetables was cooked perfectly. My wife's crab cakes were okay and the sweet potato fries were waffle cut and excellent . Our waitress was extremely friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Even the owner stopped by and chatted with us.All in all we thought the meal was a bit pricey, but would definitely be back for breakfast.
2	Went in to Harvest for lunch today with my mom and son. I think my expectations were too high.3 stars for the service--our server was nice, attentive and apologetic when she forgot my drink refill.2.5 stars for the food--had a half veggie sandwich and cup of Hungarian goulash soup. Not horrible but not great. Food was fresh and well-portioned. My son had chicken fingers and fries. Really generous portion for kids meal. Mom had a fish sandwich and fries. She didn't say whether or not she liked it, and I didn't ask.Negative 50 million stars for the most poorly planned bathroom lighting plan I've ever had the displeasure to experience. The restroom light is on a motion sensor, which is fine EXCEPT that the sensor doesn't sense motion in the big stall, which is where my 3-yr-old and I were trying to use the bathroom when the lights went out and the entire bathroom went pitch black. PITCH BLACK. While I'm helping my 3-yr-old pee without falling in the toilet. Pitch black. I had to try to feel around for the door and get it open enough to wave at the sensor and get the light back on, while my pants-down child is scared silly. Seriously?  Who was the superintendent on this build? Nincompoop.I told my server and she kind of blew it off. I'd bet she didn't inform management.The worst part is that we had to go potty again after the meal was over, and it happened again.This was in the big stall.  The stall for handicapped people.  Would an elderly person or handicapped person be able to get up from the toilet in the pitch black and feel around for the door try and activate the motion sensor? That's just not safe.  It's unsafe and irresponsible.We'll definitely not be returning to this restaurant.
2	My wife and I went there for lunch.  It was just ok.  I expected much better based on the reviews.  The food was rather bland and the waiter was unhelpful.  Really disappointing since the venue is so nice.
4	My husband and I have gone there several times now and I've always had a great experience. Hostess and wait staff are very friendly and accommodating. ...and I've had business lunches there as well. It's not too noisy, the light issue has been fixed. The outdoor patios are just wonderful. Lots of easy parking. The food is extremely fresh and you can ask to sub things out without issues. Was waited on by Chris today who was an absolute delight. I will return many times.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Harvest for lunch on Friday. I had worked up quite an appetite after hiking Pinnacle Peak that morning, so I knew I wanted a hearty lunch. Harvest is a fairly large restaurant with a nice decor and big, bright windows. They also have patio seating. They offered an extensive menu and a long list of specials (all just $7.95). Our order:Fresh Turkey Melt w/ sweet potato fries. This sandwich was SO good! Toasty bread, melted mozzarella on both sides of the bread. Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, bacon, and tomato inside. Not the healthiest thing in the world, but yum! The sweet potato fries were cross-cut and lightly seasoned. My order was right on. Rattle Steak Sandwich and onion rings: My boyfriend said I definitely had the best order. His grilled roast beef with onion, peppers, mushrooms, and cheddar cheese sounded really good, but was kind of lacking in the flavor department. His onion rings, however, were very good! It's nice to have another good restaurant option in North Scottsdale. It seems like the type of restaurant where not all the menu items are a hit, but I'd definitely go back for the turkey melt and try some other items.
5	This is a must visit. The staff is happy and bubbly. The decor is earthy yet classy and the food is outstanding and to top it off they serve breakfast til 3pm!!!  There omletes are amazing and who doesn't luv sweet potato fries.
4	Went into Harvest recently because we were at the CIGNA clinic and because of time constraints, we needed to eat within walking distance.Didn't really want to go there, but thought I'd give it another shot.Anyway, much better, Harvest!  Service was very good.  Food was good.  Kiddo had chicken fingers again and still well-proportioned for a kid's entree.  I had a chicken caesar salad.  Chicken wasn't dry and caesar dressing was pretty decent.  Good-sized portion for the price point.And, they rectified the poor lighting situation!  Hurray!  My kiddo was able to pee without the lights turning off.We'll be back to Harvest to check out breakfast soon.
5	I was staying at the JW Marriott and decided to take a drive over here for breakfast. What a great idea. Amazing pancakes and generous portions. Sitting outside enjoying a great meal - can not be beat. Great friendly service
4	We have been meaning to get in here for a while. As Roland W says, it's a couple doors down from the very-awesome Summit Cleaners, but that's another review...I think this used to be a bank and the decor is very cool and the layout is nice. I hate to compare to The Good Egg (which is also very close for us), but Harvest is priced about the same, the food is better, and, as my GF says, her grandma's furniture didn't vomit on the walls. Being hungover, my buddy and I had the chicken fried steak covered with country gravy. Now, I had heard this place was a little uppity and overpriced, being in the location that it is... not so... If a joint gets their chicken fried steak right, they can't possibly be uppity. The CFS was awesome, packed full of flavorful, empty calories, and includes potatoes and toast (not giving a sh&t about my health is a delightful release). The GF had french toast with fruit and she delighted in the cinnamon mixed with powdered sugar that was sprinkled on top.Good service, three entrees (one with side bacon), a coffee, tea, and fresh OJ all for $40. Not bad value at all. Sorry Harvest, I gotta remove one star for the absence of real breakfast tea, though. Not everyone likes herbal.We'll stumble back for sure.
4	As we sit here with blissfully overly full bellies, we decided to take this moment to reflect on our experience at Harvest.  Bottom line: great breakfast experience.  Loved the decor, and the food in our estimation was well done, huge portions, and affordable!  We'll be coming back!
4	Been to Harvest three times now.  Once for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Breakfast is the star at Harvest.  The Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs was great.  In particular, the sausage gravy had big chunks of sausage and was nice and spicy.  Eggs over medium were just right with no runny whites but runny, warm yolks.   My wife had the lox plate and said it was both delicious and was very generous with the lox.Lunch was also very good.  Huge reasonably priced burgers grilled from fresh ground beef.  The Eggplant Burger was excellent (if not sloppy) with a couple of fried eggplant slices, mozzarella cheese, and red sauce surrounding the patty.  It also had lettuce and tomato on it which would have been better left on the side to add as one wishes.  The lettuce and tomato really don't go well with the Italian flavors.  For dinner we had Wiener schnitzel (SP?).  It was okay.  When I have had this dish in the past (can't spell that again!) the meat is usually pounded very thin and comes with noodles.  The meat was ordinary and a little chewier than schnitzel should be.  The crust was not well adhered as well.  Finally, the mashed potatoes were excellent, but would have preferred the traditional Spaetzle noodles.Service has been average and the folks working there are nice enough.  Nothing stands out good or bad regarding the service.  All in all, would probably be 3.5 stars if such a thing existed.  I'm going with 4 though because the prices are VERY reasonable for North Scottsdale.  I'll definitely be a regular for breakfast!
5	Our Foodie Adventure has just begun!!!  Had dinner at The Harvest Restaurant last night.  We asked if we could just sleep there so we could have breakfast too.  Seriously, this place has killer food!It also has a relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff.  The three of us shared Duck Tacos, Fried Calamari and Lobster Bisque. All were outstanding.  The Calamari was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, served with Homemade Marinara Sause.  Yummy!  I also have to mention the bread cause its my favorite addiction.  Four kinds with whipped butter.My entree was Garlic Shrimp & Grape Tomato over Angel Hair with snow peas and fresh basil.  The shrimp were sweet and buttery, the flavors blended perfectly.  My husband had Roasted Long Island Duck with Citrus Orange Sauce.  It was so good that he picked the last bits of  Daffy off the bones with his fingers.  My daughter had the Lemon Pepper Shrimp which she chose not to share with anyone cause, "they are too good".Believe it or not, we even had dessert. Fresh Mixed Berry Pie, topped with latice crust and whipped cream.  Bananas Foster, covered with buttery cinnamon sauce and ice cream.  Both were "to die for".Bottom line is, we can't wait to go back again and again.  Breakfast and lunch, here we come!!!
3	We live in DC Ranch and based on fellow Yelpers reviews, decided to give this a shot for Sunday brunch/lunch. The place looks good and it has a nice feel to it. We were unfortunately seated back by the restrooms and think the front of the house would have been airier. Our server was very friendly and make good bloody marys, although they took quite a while and the restaurant was not that busy. I wanted to taste the Duck Tacos based on the reviews so I asked for the dinner menu for future reference. While they do have a Happy Hou 3-7 with some $4.95 the DTs are not included in the deal (nor were most of the other good apps). Our server said, "that sign is very misleading. People think it is all apps which is what we thought." We still will go back this week to try out that food at HH. Back to brunch...hubby had cheesy hash omelette w/potatoes. The omelette was ok but made with canned corned beef hash. We expected more. It was flavorful but runny. I had the Desert Dog; a chili dog with onions and cheese. It was very good. Our son had a grilled cheese on sourdough that was delicious. All in all, good comfort food. I am most interested in coming back to try the night entrees and apps. Also, there was an error on our bill (I catch one almost everywhere) and it seemed to be a big hassle to fix so I let it go. The server said someone else found the same error (overcharge on kids fruit) but" they never changed it in the computer." To be a sustaining family restaurant, those things need to be put right. Will give it another try for Happy Hour apps....
1	I am not sure if I went on an off day or what.  My omelet was less than mediocre.  My in-laws had sandwiches that came in regular sliced white sandwich bread, yuck! My husband had another omelet and he didn't finished his either.  My friend keeps asking me to go there with her, but I am too traumatized.
2	This place closed its doors for business
4	The only reason I didn't give five stars is because I must try more items on their menu. I really had a hard time deciding- breakfast...lunch.....I decided on breakfast. I had the fruit cup which was really good. Most places give you two maybe three fruits. They had watermelon, canteloupe, honeydew, pineapple, blueberries, stramberries and topped off with slices of banana. This was fresh- not sitting there in juice making everything taste the same. Yum. I also had the whole wheat pancakes with granola which my son finished because they were huge. My son got the eggs benedict and home fries and loved it. Along with the rest of my pancakes. ;- )My husband got the house omelet with home fries and English muffin. He enjoyed every bit.  Best part of the meal was our fantastic server Crystal. She was a hustler and would bring beverage refills before you hit the bottom. She was extremely attentive and took very good care if us. We will definitely be going back and will ask for her.
5	Just got back from lunch here, and I must say it was delicious! We sat outside on the patio which was very nice on such a pretty sunny day. I had the beef gyro which was huge and so so yummy! It came with a fresh greek salad and a yogurt sauce and I couldn't have asked for anything more.Definitely recommend coming here!
2	Late lunch- Manhattan chowder too "fishy"-Fries taste like made from frozen- chicken guacamole sandwich good- service good - restaurant looks nice- will not be going back.
5	John, the owner is so nice! I love this place!Their wraps are amazing, especially the turkey, stuffing wrap. Homemade potato chips too!Everything I've had their has been great!
3	If I had to judge the meal solely on my Belgian Waffle with strawberries and ice cream I'd say 5 stars for sure, it was delicious and perfectly crispy.  Unfortunately my husband's Steak and Eggs wasn't so good.  His steak was perfectly cooked, but didn't have any seasonings so it was bland.  The eggs were supposed to be over easy, but they were hard and looked like they had been under a heat lamp for an hour or so.  The potatoes were flimsy and looked like they were made last week.  I'm not sure if we will go back.
1	My scrambled eggs were burnt and more like an egg pancake and when we told the server she didn't even remove them from the bill. Then she came back to clear our plates and started mocking me to my boyfriend, WOW unprofessional. Make sure you never get Linda as a server top 5 worst service ever.
4	I just can't say enough about Harvest. Their Greek salad was amazing...the lettuce was so crisp and the dressing was awesome!It's in far North Scottsdale but it is worth the drive if you don't live close.
4	Pancakes this big should be illegal. That is all.
5	To all our patrons, I want to thank you on behalf of the entire team for all your support these past 15 months. We closed our doors last night sadly , but we are grateful for all your support. Thanks for the friendships and smiles--we hope to meet you again on the foodie trail.George Melchor, senior staff member  (lol).
5	I'm so sad that Harvest closed :(
5	Watch for the opening of SOUL cafe....opening planned for end November 2011....as in Monday after thanksgiving...SOUL cafe....a new dining destination by the owners of Heart and Soul cafe...let's do all we can to support them ....I can't hardly wait for them to open....just excited  for this new location as I know they have a reputation for outstanding cuisine.Now hurry up and open will you....already craving your pancakes. Arrgh !I may camp out by your front door the night before you open...you wouldn't do breakfast in bed would you ?..:-)
5	Five stars for the NEW Soul Cafe which has taken the place of the Harvest Restaurant. You want great pancakes? Go to this cafe. You want a great dinner? Guess where to go. Fine dining, excellent food quality, delicious meals, great service and very good value for the dollar spent. This and the owner's other restaurant in Cave Creek are our favorites and I would strongly recommend anyone go here for not only a delicious breakfast, dinner and lunch but for the money you will spend, it cannot be beat!!
