3	A good variety of flavors but not many that attracted me. I was looking for strawberry, mango or coconut but these were not offered. I opted for watermelon, original and lemon. Watermelon was too sweet, original was ok and lemon was good. Lots of toppings to choose. Different fruits, mainly berries but again no mangos. There were chocolate chips, brownies, mochis, nuts, granolas, chocolate bar pieces, coconut, are some other options to choose from. There were about 7 different sauces also. I went with mochis and sliced almonds, as usual. I thought it was okay. Nice addition to the neighborhood though. Extremely clean and service was friendly.
4	i wish their yogurt were a bit more creamy but they make up for it because they not only have coconut, but they toast it. toasted coconut is by far the best topping and it's how i separate the yogurt places and determine their value. let me discuss this for a second. plain coconut doesn't even taste like anything! why even offer it unless it's toasted?!  i hate when i ask places if they have toasted coconut and they're all 'no, but we have coconut yogurt' and it's like ummmm have you ever tasted it? it tastes like suntan lotion smells. anyway...moving on...they always have a ton of fresh berries, candy toppings, and something different i don't see at most places are fruit syrups in addition to the chocolate, caramel and butterscotch goodness. finally a froyo place semi close to me! they will even give you a ton of stamps on your frequenter card in trade for your old yogurt shop cards. brilliant :)
5	Delicious. Enough said(: Great little place to go get a cool snack for family night ! Lots of yummy flavors and toppings to finish them off. Oatmeal cookie is my personal favorite and definitely worth the calories ! They also sell ice cream cakes that worked perfect for a dessert to a baby shower I attended ! Just make sure to remember your punch card every time you go !
1	Yoyo yogurt was ok, but we visited on my birthday on June 27 and car was damaged right out in front of the store during a windstorm while they were taking umbrellas in.  No one wants to claim responsibility.  SO SAD:(  Don't think I can recommend anyone visit there.
1	Never again will I go to the Zoyos on Gilbert and Brown. I was humiliated when I was turned down  for the third time on pajamas night ,Laughfing at me saying "thats not P.J's " and did not get the 50% off, I think that is VERY rude!!
4	My girls love coming here. They have a good selection of yogurt flavors and pretty good selection of mix-ins. If you have a punch card from another yogurt place, they will match it in punches, up to 5, if you turn it in. Zoyo is always REALLY clean and the staff is friendly. Looking forward to going again.
4	Great selection, nice neighborhood yogurt place.  Very clean place and super friendly staff!
5	This is my favorite of the yogurt places in Mesa. Nice combination of flavors, the yogurts aren't overly sweet, and a great selection of toppings. I also like the layout a lot - especially the two sided topping bar - doesn't seem to get as bottlenecked as some other places. The patio outside and garage door adds to the atmosphere.
5	My favorite place grab an after dinner treat. Fruity pebbles is the best.
4	Close enough for the family to ride our bikes to for a nice snack. We love it!
5	This is one of our families favorite yogurt spots! We usually come here once of twice a week. There's always a good selection of flavors to choose from and plenty of toppings. You can't go wrong here!
5	I love Wednesday night pajama night! 1/2 off baby...they have seasonal flavors & favorites that stay like cake batter or chocolate, but the gluten-free options always keep us coming back.
5	Easily my favorite Froyo place! They always have a good selection of flavors and toppings. The staff is always friendly and this location was a great addition to the area!
5	One of the best self served yogurt places, it's cheap and there is rad seating outside and there are plenty of flavors and toppings
5	If you like frozen yogurt....go here. No kidding. I don't even really enjoy frozen yogurt because it's too icy feeling for me. Less flavor than ice cream obviously, but this place changed my mind. This little gem is hidden next to a dunkin donuts. The creamiest, flavorful yogurt I've ever had. I brag about this place still, and I don't live around here anymore. If you're in the area GO! :)
5	As a connoisseur of frozen yogurt I would say I'm excellent at picking out places to get a good mix of great flavored yogurt with any topping I can imagine. This is the best froyo place in the neighborhood. Huge choice of flavors and toppings all delicious!!! Plus the people are nice and it has a great patio to hang out on for date night or with the family.
4	I wasn't really a fan of frozen yogurt but I love me some ice cream!!!!  My son said we should try zoyo out and we did and I love it!!!  Great flavors, many, many toppings.  They are a little pricey about $3.50/$4.00 per person.  Patio seating area is very nice, the place is always CLEAN and the staff very friendly.
4	Good frozen yogurt with a Starbucks type atmosphere.   I like how this location has the open front.  Very clean and lots of options for toppings.
5	I have been to every self-serve fro-yo place in the east valley except this one. Well...I finally went due to my usual place having broken machines when I was trying to get my 'fix'. Let me just say that Zoyo has the best flavors and the most original flavors. I got the Raspberry Pomegranate Tart and their Chocolate. I tried flavors such as Watermelon Sorbet, Aloha, and Salted Caramel. All were delicious and I can't wait to go back for more. The pricing is average I think .45/oz and they have all the toppings you might expect. Actually the only topping I wish they had but they didn't was fruity pebbles or fruit loops. Anyway, this is my new favorite fro-yo spot and even better that it is a little closer to my home. Break away from your usually fro-yo spot and give them a try. BTW...Dunkin' Donuts is right next door.... :)
5	I haven been to the vast majority of the frozen yogurt chains in the valley and the gilbert and brown zoyo location is by far the best I have been too. Last time I went, they had a root beer float favor that was quite incredible. Definately recommend if you're in the area. I go several times per week!
5	Best yogurt shop around.  They have some unique flavors and the toppings rock compared to the other places we've been also wear your pjs on Wednesdays for 50% off!!  Apple pie yogurt is my favorite!!!!
4	Zoyo Frozen Yogurt is always a blast. If you're a tad more money conscious like me, I'd recommend you opt out of the toppings, as here you are charged on weight. Regardless though, there are some toppings you can never go wrong with!
