4	Nice fields, great facilities, cool replica fields...just a family friendly place to play softball/baseball for the little leaguers. They held the NPAF games here. Loved the fields, best fields I've ever played softball on. Misters in the dugout (YOU NEED EM FOR VEGAS), plenty of parking, nice restaurants, cool grandstands for your fans, etc.CONS: -bag check at the door (you can't bring in your own Gatorade..WTF?). Just water.-$3 entrance fees (you get a $1 token back)-expensive food/drinks/sodas/GatoradeBLD LV...I would of given you a 5-stars minus the CONS!
5	I love these places. Having played at Chino Hills, Riverside and West Covina, I was excited to play at the newest Big League Dreams in Vegas. A couple things are different:1. They have misters in the dugouts - a must-have in Vegas. Those things were lifesavers in the 100+ degree weather.2. The infields are all turf, which is fun as hell to play on because there are no bad hops, sliding/diving doesn't hurt and it's easy on the knees.The only drawback is that the turf seems to hold in the heat and increase the humidity.The replica fields are always fun to play on - I was a little bummed we didn't get to play at Fenway Park, though. Hitting a bomb over the Monstah is very satisfying, even though it's not the real thing. I've come to terms with the fact that I'm never going to hit at the real Fenway so I'll take what I can get. The Vegas location also has Dodger Stadium, Angel Stadium, Wrigley Field, Yankee Stadium and Crosley Field.The food at BLD isn't bad. Burgers, dogs, nachos, sandwiches, chicken strips, etc. It's kind of like real ballpark food. In fact, the Vegas location even serves Dodger Dogs! Oh, did I mention that BLD also features full bars? That's right, you can enjoy cold, alcoholic beverages in the air conditioned clubhouses while you wait for your next game to start! The clubhouses overlook the fields so you can scout the competition, too. Prices are average.If you're not into the food and drink thing between games, you can also work on your swing at the batting cages. Man, they thought of everything!If you play softball and you ever get the chance to play at a BLD, jump on it. It's awesome!
4	When a friend asked  if i was still playing softball I told him as much as i can so he invited me to play in a tournament in Vegas all expenses paid.  No problem a free trip to Vegas to play ball  hell yeah!  As we get to the field on Friday it feels like i'm playing in a pro game.  The sun is up and it's nothing but heat i get into the dugout and it has sprayers to cool you off in the desert heat.  The field are in good condition to play ball and the field is fast a dream for all ball players. I left my mark on the field that weekend by putting a couple over the fence If you get a chance to play here go for it.  Would i play here again your dang right i would. The club house is cool to hang out before and after games which is another plus. The minus one star is for the bag check they let you bring in your water but not your sports drink.
5	Sweet turf infields!!!
4	Love this place... Highly recommend it if you play soccer and softball or want to hit some balls.. Its not as expensive as other indoor soccer places ( Summelin In Door Soccer  -I'm looking at you) however they do charge $3 to EVERYONE over 12 just for coming in!This facility is fairly new so almost everything is in good condition - tuft fields, bathrooms, play ground, bleachers ect ectA HUGE plus is that they have two small restaurants on site  that serve BEER and the tvs are always showing games! Its kinda expensive seeing that a small no name water is $3 ( rip off since they do not want you to bring in drinks or coolers) a large one topping pizza ( think Costco style) for about $ 20. They also have burgers, fries, hot dogs, pretzels and chips.
4	I've probably been to 5 or 6 Big League Dreams over the years following my son's baseball team and this is hands down my favorite, as a fan.The layout features 6 fields and has has two clubhouses that overlook three fields each. All of the fields have stadium seating versus bleacher seating like some others offer.There is plenty of shade to be had to escape the brutal heat and the misters will provide you some extra relief.  If that doesn't do the trick, you can always escape into the clubhouse and enjoy the games with AC.As with others, the food is overprices as is the beer but you come to expect that when visiting one of these facilities.  The admission price will give you a dollar off your purchase at the concession stand.Very clean facility, the staff was friendly and I would recommend this place to any team that wants to experience that "major league" feel for their tournaments.
5	Best fields around.  I wouldn't play anywhere else in Vegas.  It's more expensive than anywhere else in town, but you get what you pay for.
5	Best mens softball complex in Vegas. The batting cages are an awesome bonus, great way to warm up and good excuse to get to the fields early. Facilities are always extrememly clean, and there are plenty of bathrooms for all of the fields. The staff does a great job overall.The one down side is the :55 min limit (wish it would be 1hr)
5	Great facilities, friendly staff. Overall great experience!
5	Best baseball/ softball park ever, I love the people that work there and play there everyone is like family. The beer is always good to have when your playing with friends great park.
4	They have indoor seating which is great for anyone who plans to stay warm during a chilly game. its $3 (cash only) at the door to enter the park but so worth it because of how clean and nice the park is. Expect the concessions food to be a bar food quality.
1	A players perspective...When this place was new, it was awesome.  As someone who has been playing softball for over 10 years, it was really neat to have this come to Vegas. They have 6 replica stadiums where you feel like you're playing in the real deal.  They have two Sports Clubs where you can get food and drink and batting cages.  I played there for over a year before I gave up on the place and this is why.1 - The fields are much smaller than city/county fields.  City/County are 300ft deep all around and the bases are 70ft apart from each other.  BLD has fields as short as 265ft deep.  In fact there are only two spots that reach 300ft amongst all 6 fields.  You feel great when you hit a homer, but then everyone hits weak homers and scores regularly get over 25 runs for each team.  Their bases are 60ft from ea other, so turning double plays is rare and people are almost always safe at first.  This gets old after a while.2 - They haven't improved the fields since they've opened.  All the outfield graphics are drastically faded, the batting cage nets are filled with holes and the outfield has giant worn out spots that get hard as concrete..3- They use their own BLD logo balls that are more tightly wound that regulation softballs.  This makes the balls fly significantly further.  Many of the roided out clowns hit balls over their nets, which measures over 400ft.  4-  My biggest complaint has to be the quality of their umpires.  This place is like a stepping stone for players that want to become umps, that have no experience and get it by becoming umps there.  Many of the umps are also players there.  So you often get games poorly called and biased.  5- The egos and tempers of many players/teams is off the charts.  The crap that isn't tolerated at City/County fields, is enabled at BLD.  Fights happen often and arguing isn't diffused by these rookie umps.  6- You pay a huge premium (compared to City/County) to play here.  In the beginning it wasn't so bad, but as the venue deteriorated and the quality of teams did as well, paying a premium was no longer worth it.7- They charge $3 a person to come in.  Family has to pay to come watch you play.  They don't offer any type of season pass to give regulars a discount. That's BSAll in all, it was fun for a while, but if you prefer to play a more competitive game a softball, this place isn't it.  BLD is little league softball for grown ups.  They fields are really small and there are too many immature adults that ruin the game.  Since moving our team back to City and County, none of us have looked back. Hope this info helps.
4	I've been playing softball here for 2 years. They have awesome replica parks. The only down side is... shitty umpires and they charge $3 for everyone that enters the park. Rip off
4	Ever dream of playing on some of the greatest baseball fields of all time? Well at big League Dreams you can! This softball complex has 6 replica fields including Wrigley Field, Dodger Stadium, Yankee Stadium, Fenway Park, Angel Stadium & Crosley Field. All are amazing & make you feel like a professional ball player even if you don't have the skills of one.There are two clubs where you can get food & drinks. It is a little over priced but they don't let you bring in outside drinks/food so it's your only option. (unless you want to be sneaking and stuff your backpack with sunflower seeds & gatorade!) During the summer months they have misters in the dug out to cool you off but be careful because the water makes the floor very slick. I have personally slipped and fell pretty hard a few times. For such an amazing place, they sure do like to make their money. After forking over between $60-100 to play each season, you still have to pay $3 each week to get in! That is the biggest downfall of this entire place.
1	As a father of three baseball players, I remember how excited the city was when Big League Dreams took over the old Freedom Park area near downtown.  Since then, we've played their hundreds of times and the novelty has worn off.  They don't provide temporary fences for youth teams, so little 9 yr olds play with the same 300+ foot fences.  Families are forced to spend hundreds of dollars in gate fee and overpriced concessions.   Poorly supervised beer sales leads to people drinking at 10am youth baseball games and being belligerent and drunk by noon.  I've witnessed babies crawling around next to half full pitchers of beer on the ground.  Today was the kicker.  We had the first baseball game of the day and the place was empty.  We talked to the staff and told them that the local Vegas Little League team would be playing on ABC.  The staff said they would turn it on for us. Suddenly in the last inning, they turned the channel.  They were turning channels and left it on the TV Guide.  When the whole place asked for the game back on, the lady said somebody had requested the football game.   The preseason football game?!?We asked the few tables around us but all wanted the Little League World Series.  The staff would not change it back.  Wow!!  The kids on the Little League World Series team all play at BLD.  A little support for the home town team on national TV would've been nice.
4	nice place to get some exercise in while haviing some fun reminds me of my baseball days and back home in cali everytime we play on angel or dodger stadium
4	Awesome replicas of the most iconic baseball stadiums! I love how the concession is located in the middle of all the fields and is equipped with AC!
4	I play softball here and it's a great park. Clean for the most part, batting cages, indoor soccer, kids play ground, and two buildings that have bars and a little food place. Usually the normally park fair with hotdogs, burgers, pretzels, fries, and drinks. Although a little expensive for food, it's actually not bad and with those dollar off coins they give you it can be a treat if you save up those coins as you can used as many of the coins as you have. The batting cages are great, my only concern is that sometimes the balls don't roll back to the hopper and you won't get any balls pitched to you, but if you let the park know they Will return the balls to the hopper and get you another round of pitches. Usually 20 pitches per coin which are a dollar each. Playing is fun and players are there to have fun and just have a good time. There are some bogus calls from the umps but hey it's a game and nothing's perfect. All in all I come here every week to play games and love it here.
