5	I did a 9 month project in Charlotte several years ago and this was my favorite place to eat.  I ate here about once a week for 6 or 7 months.  I grew up in Kansas and know what a good steak is and I think they have perfected a good steak.  The place is very nice and I always had good service.  This would be one of the places that I would eat at if I ever make it back to Charlotte. They have added other restaurants around the country since I started eating there and I may have to find one and see if it is as good as the original.
5	I agree with Doug V. This place is great! I really need to find out what type of bread they serve, because it is heavenly!I've had the NY strip and the hamburger. I have the hardest time deciding which I want to order because they are both excellent! There's usually a long wait on the weekend nights, but worth the wait for me. Call ahead if you are coming on the weekend to get your name on the list after 6pm.There's another location at Northlake mall. I've been to both, and both are excellent.Great spot for a romantic dinner or to hang out with friends for an excellent meal.
3	When Firebirds first opened in the Stonecrest Plaza we were regulars.  Both the service and the quality seemed to be very good.  However, as time wore on it became more and more disappointing.   We would stop going and then give it another try.  We would always come away disappointed.I been to other Firebirds and the experience has been about the same.Firebirds does have a hoping afterwork scene.  The bar and outdoor lounge are always crowded on Fridays and Saturday evenings.
4	Just went to Firebirds for the first time.Food was terrific - party sampled soup (smoked tomato bisque), french dip sandwich, baby back ribs, wood plank grilled salmon, cheeseburger and creme brulee cheesecake.  All were outstanding!  For the first time in recent  memory, all plates were empty at the end of the meal.  Thank you fellow Yelpers for mentioning both the bread and the burger.One suggestion to the restaurant though - if you serve ribs, you should also serve up a warm wet towel or something else to aid cleanup at the end of the meal.  Even a little wet-nap would have been nice.Decor was beautiful - rustic but high class cabin-y feel.  Noise level was a bit loud at lunch but the place was busy - no emply tables - through the entire lunch hour, until close to 2 pm.  Lighting in the ladies' room was a bit dark for lipstick application though.There's a huge woodburning fireplace in the bar area and outdoor seating available.Flyer on the table was promoting half price wines (both glasses and bottles) on Mondays.  Not sure if this is a seasonal promotion or permanent - but I'll try to get back there to indulge!Comparably priced to places like 131 Main or Maggiano's or Red Rocks.
4	My best friend took me here when i flew to visit her at Charlotte. The wait was a bit long (about an hour or so) but we took advantage of the bar and ordered a few glasses of wine. We had a great booth for just us girls and we  just kept ordering more wine...why not? we were celebrating! We all ordered the filet mignon cooked to medium rare. We kept on talking and drinking and never realized we were waiting more than an hour for our food to arrive. We only noticed when the manager came up to us to apologize for our long wait and he would grant us a free dessert. At first we were like "really? for what" and that's when we realized so much time had flown by. I give the severs props for being the first to admit their errors, without us asking for the manager directly. We really didnt care much though as we were having too much of a blast to even notice :)I'll definitely be back to this place when i return to Charlotte!
4	Great chain steakhouse.  Huge, lodge-like atmoshpere with an open kitchen so you can keep an eye on the chefs.  All meals are huge and always very good.  Some favorites:  Lobster Spinach Queso, Firebird's BLT salad, Blue Cheese Filet, and the Chili Rubbed Delmonico steak.  Great bar too!
4	This place originated in Colorado, & it really shows on the inside with its lodge type atmosphere. The lodge setting gives this place a feel unlike any other Charlotte restaurant I've been to as it's an open area with wood decor throughout. It's a stand along restaurant in a shopping center & a really nice treat if you don't mind spending the money.I went here for lunch with work one day & I would definitely recommend this as a dinner/date night place if I were the one paying. But the food is worth the price you pay. Their menu selection is full of red meat, but also has enough other options for everyone. Portion sizes are huge, so bring your appetite along with your wallet.The portions are huge, the food is great, the atmosphere is intriguing, & the check is big. I recommend Firebirds as a date night place where you don't mind getting your fingers & face a little dirty from their huge portions.
4	I like Firebirds.  It is was it is.  Nice environment, reasonable food.  Servers are usually pretty good.  Bartenders are always dead on.Only complaint.... PLEASE take your thumb out of my food when delivering it!!!  Use a tray if you have to.New location is beautiful too.
4	The first thing I thought when I visited this place for the first time during lunch was WOW. The interior is fantastic. It's like you're stepping into another world that's very clean and cozy. Loved the interior decor. Service was phenomenal. My server kept checking up on me to see if everything was okay. I didn't have to ask for much since everything was taken care of in good time. The food was just alright. I've only eaten here once for lunch, and the free bread was piping hot and super-soft. Very very tasty. I don't remember what I ordered, but the only thing I remember is my side of fried spinach was way too greasy and it felt gross inside of me. But besides, that, GREAT experience!!! I do recommend it at least a few tries.
4	I am normally not a fan of chain restaurants but Firebirds is definitely one I cannot stay away from too long.  When I first moved to Charlotte I worked at the Rae Road location for a few months.  I have pretty much sampled the whole menu and for the most part it is all top notch.  A few items I might stay away from would be the meatloaf (salty, nothing impressive) and the coconut shrimp.  I highly recommend the steaks, burgers (can get them medium-rare! Yum!), Salads, Salmon, and so on.  Of course anything is better when topped with Blue cheese and mushrooms.  I'm not sure why but they stopped serving the Blue cheese potato chips which is a huge bummer.  It was a great way to start the meal.  And if they don't bring the bread make sure you ask for it or you'll be sorry you didn't.  Very warm, tasty bread!The service is great (should be because they only get like 2-3 tables per person) and the bar is fairly efficient for how busy it usually is.  Biggest recommendation is to call ahead.  It doesn't matter what night, they are typically on a wait and if you don't you will be waiting along time!  Enjoy!
2	The service was actually quiet good, they were attentive, polite and knowledgeable. So I guess your asking why only two stars? They basically got the two stars because of the service. The food was awful. We had the Lobster Spinach Queso, which tasted like it was nothing more than melted Velveeta, completely absent of any additional flavor. For my entree I ordered the Bacon Wrapped Fillet (medium-rare) and the Southwest Au Gratin Potatoes. The potatoes tasted just like the queso with the only difference being the excessive pepper they mixed in for flavor. As for my steak, I knew I was in trouble when I asked for Bearnaise Sauce and the waiter responded they don't have that on a regular basis (although to his credit he did ask if they would make it special). When the steak actually came the piece of bacon that was wrapped around it was actually 100% fat (yes I know bacon isn't the leanest cut of meat- but they could have used better) and the medium-rare was actually closer to blue-rare (110 degrees F not the 145 degrees it was suppose to be). To summarize, I am sure it is a great place to grab a drink at the bar, but as for the food- there is a Wendy's right across the street.
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  Delicious food, yummy drinks, friendly staff.
4	I got into Charlotte after a long day of work, then flying.  So, I was ready for a drink and something yummy.  My girlfriend brought me here, my first visit, her second.  It was definitely hopping on a Thursday night.  It was full except for 2-3 tables in the restaurant, 2 cocktail tables in the bar area, and one bar stool. We jumped on an open cocktail table gladly not having to wait.  They had quite a nice drink menu, several different cocktail, martini choices.  I just went with something simple, and friend with a draft beer. Our cocktail waitress wasnt exactly cheery, friendly, or attentive.  After sitting several minutes with an empty drink, she came around, not to ask us if we'd like another drink, etc, but to let us know that she was leaving and we needed to pay.  I can't remember exactly how she worded it, but both myself and friend are/have been in the industry for years, and we were both shocked at the way she'd said this to us.  While of course we said we'd pay her out if she was cut, I just wish, after her already not-so-great attitude, that she would have worded it differently/approached it differently.  On top of that, lol and I know this might make me sound bad, but it had been a LONG day, and it was chill time, we ended up waiting almost another 5-7 minutes before we even saw our next server to get another round of drinks.  This is something that I feel strongly about, especially during these transer/server-takeover situation, that the customer not be able to tell because the transition is so smooth.  Either way, our next server, Debbie, was great!  She quickly picked up and made the rest of our evening Great!!After my friend telling me several great choices, I decided on the Wood Grilled Salmon with a baked potato, and steamed veggies.  Even though I had several changes to make to the dish bc of dietary restrictions, the waitress said several times,  "We will make it however you want us to."  I really dont go out to eat all that much, because it can be such a hard time trying to get something I can eat, but not make the kitchen have to do too much.  She was definitely the most accomodating I've dealt with, concerning ordering.  My friend decided on the Fried Chicken Salad, no honey mustard, sub Balsamic.When our food came, it looked so appetizing.  My salmon, though completely plain was absolutely the tastiest salmon I've ever had, and cooked to a perfect medium, per my request.  Friend said the salad was great, the balsamic was a great choice.  Oh, and they had brought us a nice round of bread to start with.As we finished up, Debbie boxed my food for me.  We finished up with getting a dessert to go, and another round of drinks.Overall, the whole meal was super.  The building itself has such a warm feeling; the colors and smell from open cook line and the fireplace in the bar definitely added to that glowing ambiance.  I will be back here the next time I'm in town for sure.  It was swanky, yet not expensive for what we got. And of course, I recommend our waitress Debbie, who totally rocked it.
5	amazing food, amazing staff, amazing wine... want for a date and had a hell of a time!!
5	Our family searched high and low for a place to eat late on Christmas Eve.  Since two of the members work retail, we were limited to whatever was open past 8pm, which turned out to be this fine establishment.  Even after numerous apologetic calls having to delay our reservation, the staff was more than pleasant and accomodating both on the phone and in person.  Not once did we feel unwelcomed.  Our waitress was very nice and all the food, from the lobster queso appetizer to the various steaks, were all cooked to perfection.  It all made for a very enjoyable and memorable Christmas Eve night.
3	I've eaten here several times and have had negative and positive experiences.  The food has always been pretty good, albeit a bit expensive for what you get.  If you're into steaks and grilled fish you'll be happy- they cook them to order and fit the bill.  I've had been quality at the same price, but overall its acceptable.  Perhaps my favorite thing on the menu is the loaded backed potato.  They salt the skin and load it up with sour cream, cheese, chives, etc. It's pretty awesome.The bar leaves a bit to be desired.  The cocktails are very syrup-y and generally fairly unauthentic.  Don't order a specialty drink like their version of the old-fashioned- its awful.  The wine list is a bit weird- there's some good stuff on the high end but the by-the-glass options are lower quality and overpriced.The service side has been inconsistent.  I once showed up with my kids having called ahead for a table. They told me they'd have one waiting on my arrival, which was early evening on a weekend.  When I arrived they told me I'd have to join the wait queue, which was over an hour.  Not exactly what I wanted to do with 2 kids and grandparents from out of town.  So we left and had to get Chinese take-out as every other nice restaurant around this area was packed. On another visit I was seated fairly quickly and have a very personable waiter.  So I guess its a crap-shoot- you don't know how well you'll be treated.  Overall its a pretty expensive restaurant for its inconsistent service, but the food is acceptable and its a nice environment.  Its very crowded Thur/Fri/Sat, so go very early or plan on waiting.
4	Nice atmosphere and great service. My only complaints are that the menu is a touch limited, and the food is a bit pricey for what you get. That said, if you're big on steak or grilled chicken/fish you'll probably be pretty happy with this place. I myself opted for a burger, which was cooked perfectly and delicious. Their side salads are great as well, and the soup is also recommended.On the whole a pleasant experience.
3	Really good service and atmosphere.  Food was good, but over-spiced and definitely pricy.  I would go back, just not very often.
4	This is my favorite chain steakhouse in Charlotte.  Excellent food, much better price than Sullivans, Ruth Chris, Chimas...  The house martinis are all good. The seared Ahi Tuna is a must, the chilli rubbed delmonico steak, Baked potato is salt rubbed ust right, mushrooms, and the creme brulee cheesecake for desert.  Make sure you call ahead or you will be waiting.  BTW, the one on Rae Rd is better than the one in South Park.
4	The prime rib was 5 stars. YUM. (Note: I'm easy to please and also like Outback Prime Rib). Apologies for comparing it to Outback, it's definitely more upscale and with mostly higher quality ingredients.Spinach lobster queso dip is just one of those things you can't mess up. I've had few places botch this one up, definitely something I would get again if I'm looking to fatten up a bit. The wings were ordinary.The shrimp skewer (add $5) and lobster tail were tough; eating them is like gnawing on rock salt. Totally not worth the extra money, but it's all good because it was sponsored by my company (YEAUHHH BOIII). 0 stars for this one.The creme brulee cheesecake was like crack - a huge portion of awesomely rich and creamy  cheesecake, topped with a thin layer of crystallized sugar. Could not stop gorging myself on this. If you like Key Lime Pie, you would love the one here, creamy and tangy, also served in generous portions. The brownie a la mode was decent, just stay away from the chocolate cake (dry and just bleh!).Overall, great service, (mostly) great food... don't forget to try their pineapple cocktail! Points deducted for the horrendous wait for a table and that they don't take reservations for parties smaller than 8.
3	The good: Monday is half-priced wine night for some types.The Meh: Who needs another average "executive" restaurant?  While I wouldn't ward anyone away from Firebirds, I've never walked away saying that I had to return.  While the atmosphere is good, the food is just average and expensive.  Plus, the portion sizes are insane!  No one needs to eat that much!Smaller portions, lower prices will allow your patrons to live longer and return to eat again.  Or bring a friend and share a meal.
5	Great food. Huge servings, so plenty for leftovers. Vegetables were cooked perfectly! Sesame crusted salmon was divine. Service was wonderful as well!
4	This place is a nice date spot...It was night when i went so the lights were low and there were candles lit and the fireplace was crackling, very nice. The food was very good, but will say that my first plate of pasta was a tad bit salty but they quickly corrected it by giving me a fresh place and they even Cooped my salad.  So over all its a a 4 out of 5 from me
5	Best steak in town.  Get there early on Friday or Saturday because this place is always packed.
5	Party of 6 and everything was fantastic!  As Best Man for my best friend's wedding, I knew the perfect place for lunch before the big "I DO" would be Firebirds!  Everyone loved the food.  Out of the 6, 3 had never enjoyed Firebirds before and they are now fans!  Great food (as usual) and great service too.  Can't wait to go back.
2	Mark me down as unimpressed.We went on a late Summer evening, arriving about 6:30. The inside was a wait, but the outside was available, and for good reason: The outside pilars and ground was crawling with some sort of beetle infestation. They weren't poisonous or anything, but when we ate we could see them through the metal lattice table, strolling on the underside of the tabletop.Our server was very good, but the kitchen staff was not. My wife ordered a shrimp salad with "light dressing", something the server repeated back to us from the order she had written down, and the salad arrived, soaking in salad dressing.When the server came back to check on us, my wife mentioned that the salad was swimming in dressing. Our server immediately said she'd have the kitchen make a new one with light dressing. About 5 minutes later, the manager arrived with a new salad, with lettuce on top lightly dressed. Problem solved.Or so we thought. It turns out, the kitchen staff had simply placed new lettuce on top of the salad my wife had originally had. When she got past the new layer on top, there was her old salad, still awash in salad dressing.The manager returned, and offered another, new salad. My wife declined, saying that she was full at this point from the earlier appetizer and the lettuce and shrimp she had eaten from the first two iterations of the salad and couldn't possibly eat a third. Nonetheless, the manager returned about 5 minutes later with another salad, which we wound up taking home--she didn't really want it, but there was no sense leaving it behind, even though she said at the time they didn't need to make it.A measure of a good restaurant is how it deals with mixups and mistakes like this. I confess, I thought the restaurant would have taken the salad off the check--we had ordered an appetizer, my meal and a couple of glasses of wine, so there was still a tab to be paid. But when the check came, the salad was on it. In their eyes, I suppose, their three attempts to get a simple request right was sufficient effort.As for what I had...I have no recollection of what it was. That is how forgettable it was. I think it was a pasta dish. I know I was eating most of it alone, as my wife's food was off the table twice in the attempts to get her order right.This restaurant clearly has pretensions of being an upscale dining experience. From what we saw, it has a long way to go before it can claim to have reached that goal. Both of us spent a lot of time that evening looking across the patio to the seating for Cantina 1511, wishing we had walked in their door instead.
5	This is one of our favorite places close to home.  Their prime rib may consistently b e the best I've ever had.  Great food all around, great open decor, great service.  What else can I say.  I love it!
3	Portions are much too large, that may explain why everything on the menu seems a little overpriced.  The environment is cool, ir reminds of of a lodge inside.  I didn't think the food was as great as I expected for the price.  Average food ....
5	Lunch today with a friend. Awesome, tortilla soup and salad so yummy!!!
5	Delicious food, great customer service and cozy atmosphere!  My favorite restaurant in Charlotte!
4	Crowded all the time so I had trouble hearing my friends sometimes... But food is great. Top favorite will be strawberry shrimp salad. Great summer food!
5	Lots of good memories in this restaurant.  I know it tends to get crowded at times, but I think my family and I have lucked out (or we either plan for an early dinner when we come here).Our server Nadie was awesome on Friday.  We had a large group of six and she was very knowledgeable about the specials and also the wine list when we asked for recommendations.  I had the Chicken and Pasta... which she warned me about the spice.  I told her to "bring it on" and the pasta, chicken, and sauce were excellent.  Our table also tried the lobster queso - which was scarily addicting... watch out or you may fill yourself up with bread and this appetizer dip.  It comes with chips, but the bread dipped in it was the best combination ever.I don't know what came over me, but I finished my entire portion.  I did run a 5k the next morning, and felt a little on the heavier side when I woke up, but it gave me some good fuel to burn off.
3	The interior is greatly decorated and the wood fire smell is inticing. The waitress we had was informative and polite but not as friendly as I would like. The wings were amazing, but my chicken pasta wwas over powered with bacon and although tasted good it was not something I would order again.  this place is just too expensive for the food quality we recieved
4	Good service... Awesome pineapple martinis!
4	They are just so nice here! We came in about 30 minutes to closing and asked if it was going to be a bother for them to seat us. I was really surprised when the hostess cheerfully said it's no problem and whisked us to our table!The food came out reasonably fast and hot, and drinks were kept filled. It was really nice to see such pleasant service near the end of closing when they are usually occupied with cleanup and leaving. The food was quite decent and typical of a steakhouse. Thanks for having us so late Firebirds!
4	Very good food, just alittle on the expensive side. Atleast you get a decent amount of food for the money, service was kinda hit and miss but we were with a big party and were drinking alittle. LOL.
4	I was a little skeptical about going here the first time because I thought they may not cater to those who don't eat red meat... but they have a good selection of fish & chicken options. I have now been here a couple of times and have tried the Pecean Encrusted Trout and the Sesame Encrusted Salmon.  Both are fabulous. If you are a fan of starchy sides, definitely try their parmesan mashed potatoes - yummy comfort food!  Dinner entrees range between $16 - 28... so if you are planning to have an adult beverage (or 2), appetizers, and an entree, you can easily drop $40 - $50 a person (before the tip).  However, if you are on a budget, this is also a great spot for lunch or to meet friends for appetizers and beverages. They have a nice little patio too when weather permits.
5	There is something for everyone, healthy, and tasty. I take my clients here often and end up eating here 2-3 times a week. I can always try something new, and be happy with it.
2	I just wasn't feeling it here.  The steak was ok, although the bleu cheese sauce was very nice.  The sides were uninspired.The service, as is usual in this area, was very good.
4	Very good food and good service. Extensive kids menu as well.
4	Went there for dinner expecting a long wait so my husband and I sat for drinks while we waited to be seated. The martini selection was good, I have the pomagranite martini and my husband had the firebird (not sure of the name but it had a bird on the side of the glass). Service was good and food was good too. I had the sesame crusted salmon and ate all of it. This was our second time there and we were not disappointed.
3	Solid meal. Huge portions. Ask for sauces on the side, otherwise you'll drown.
5	OK....there may not ever be a review I write that will be able to match the amount of pleasure and excitement as writing this one!Firebirds is AWESOME...period!!Have you ever wished for a restaurant that has the perfect atmosphere, perfect service, amazing menu, huge wine selection, did I mention perfect service, great prices...THE place to go when you want the best of the best???  Well my foodie friends, THIS IS THE PLACE!I have been here probably 40+ times with as few as two people, and as many as 8 people, and have never ever had bad food or service.  In fact, it is always SUPERIOR!    The food is fresh, hot and delicious, as well as inventive and portioned generously.  The atmosphere is fantastic....want a bar with food and tv's...they have it.  Want a softly lit dining room with a fireplace and good music...they have it.  Table, booth..it doesn't matter.  The servers are always super attentive, professional, courteous, friendly, and fun.  The wine selection is incredible.  The steaks are fresh and always cooked how you order them, the chicken is juicy and fresh, the hamburgers are mouth-watering, the seafood tastes like it was just caught, and the salads (especially the Colorado Chicken salad with goat cheese instead of blue) are huge, fresh, and tossed with the perfect amount of dressing every time.Now, for all this, you would think the prices would be really high...they are NOT!  i have spent more at Chili's for far less!!Whether it is a romantic dinner, casual dinner with friends/family, or a special place to take visitors from out of town, this is the one and only place I have been to in Charlotte that excels in every category time and time again!Hats off to Firebirds for allowing me to spend a generous amount of my income enjoying the best food in my life there!
5	Staff worked hard to accomodate my party of 44. Service was fast. Food was delicious. Could have cut my filet mignon with a butter knife.
4	The filet is very good and the meat loaf is awesome with the gravy on it and the mashed potatoes. We have been here a number of times and have always had a great meal with great service.
4	Apparently Firebird's is a chain that I haven't heard of before, but I was pleasantly surprised when we went there for a business dinner tonight. FOOD* Appetizer: Lobster Spinach Queso - FANTASTIC. You can really taste the lobster in the cheese dip. The tortilla chips that come with it are just aite. * Appetizer: Onion Rings with ranch dressing - classic. It's got a nice crunch and the ranch dressing goes well with all that is fried. * Wood Grilled Salmon - really nicely cooked salmon that is crispy on the edges, firm on the outside, and tender/moist in the middle. Came with DELICIOUS parmesan mashed potatoes with pieces of the potato skin adding a nice texture to the creamy mashed potatoes. ATMOSPHERE* Reminds me of a mix between a pintrest elegant ski cabin with dark woods and grey rocks, a seasons 52, and a pinch of Cheesecake Factory. So.. quite nice.* Slightly too noisy to be able to hear the person across the table. Had to raise my voice a bit.SERVICE* Disorganized. One waitress came to get our drink order and share the dinner specials, then another waiter came and did the same thing. Even though we had two waiters, they still managed to skip over taking down someone's drink order. Overall, service was slightly awkward. RANDOM* Plating was awkward. It seems like they just put the food on the plate in clumps. The presentation was not very appealing. Some plates were too big for the amount of food on it. * It was happy hour when we got there, meaning cocktail drinks were only $5. Win!
4	Great value and accommodating to big families. Needless to say the food and service very good.
4	The lobster spinach queso is my new comfort food- tasty, served hot and a generous portion. I had the 7 oz filet with the pepper crust two weeks ago and still can't get it out of my head- the pepper crust is perfect! I'm a fan for sure, but the pineapple martini I had was overpriced and not very good. I'll be back for the food for sure, but will stick with beer next time.
4	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday because I heard they were known for good steaks. The ambiance here (Rea Road Location) is real masculine with the dark wood and dim lights. He really enjoyed the decor and felt it was fitting for the occasion. We got the Lobster Spinach Queso and OMG it was so freakin good! I pretty much ate the whole thing myself! He got the 14 oz Ribeye and I got the Wood Grilled Salmon. Yum to the salmon. It was cooked to perfection! It came with parmesan mashed potatoes which were creamy and good. Nothing like I have ever had before. My boyfriend enjoyed his Ribeye of course and it was cooked Medium just like he wanted it. He claims it was one of the best steaks he has ever had. Overall Firebirds is great and the service was awesome. Fine dining at its best!
2	Huge portions.  Not very tasty though.  Overpriced.  Decent atmosphere.  I don't know why it's so packed.  Disappointing beer selection.  They had Dogfish Head and I said "60 minute" or "90 minute"?  The waiter said "Dogfish".  I said "which one?"  He said "Dogfish"  So I said "Who's on first, what's on second and I don't know's on third."  And then I ordered a lemonade because $1 went to finding a cure for cancer.  The lemonade was awful.  Just a cup of sugar including sugar drizzled on the rim of the glass.Desserts were good.  But they gave us a really long skinny fork that was more like chopsticks.  Ever tried to eat ice cream or cheesecake with chopsticks?  Uh, yeah.My co-patrons ordered steaks and reviews were mixed.  I ordered some kind of encrusted salmon.  OK.  The fried spinach was good but too salty.Back to the huge portions.  Michelle Obama would not be a happy camper here.  They could change the name from Firebirds to Obesebirds.  It was too much.I'm still in a daze from going here.  Sorry, but there are so many better restaurants at a much better price.
5	Ate here on 7/2712Always delicious !  BLT salad with added chicken is so yummy ! Great food & service cannot complain. Is pricey so cannot come here often,but wish I could .
3	Crazy almost all the time. . .but staff consistently friendly.  One of the most popular places with the Ballantyne set for salad lunch and steak dinners.  Wood fired.  LAST TIME WE WENT THEY DID OFFER "CALL AHEAD" SEATING, which saved a LOT of time.  Food is standard fare mid-range "steakhouse" with loaded baked potato, house-made yeasty bread loaf with crazy-big Australian Steakhouse style knives.  Good selection of steak rubs.  The coconut shrimp app makes for a satisfying dinner.  Ribs nice too.    Bar area is almost always jammed.  Wine selection is ok; could be better could be worse.  The price mark-up for champagne obscene, but they carry veuve-clicquot. . .so what can you say?  Lots of martini drinkers.  Managerial staff goes out of their way to be friendly.  Friday and Saturday nights are exceptionally busy; but, it's a fun people watching location, with a lively clientele where everyone seems to be having a good time talking, laughing and catching up with one another.
3	Here's something weird.I love Firebirds.  The food is usually very good, and the prices are not ridiculous.  You can get a great steak without paying DelFrisco's prices.  Last night, my girlfriend and I dined at this Firebirds.  We had the lobster queso, split a BLT salad, and I had the bleu cheese filet, while she had the chicken pasta.  Everything was spectacular.  Bottom line.  However, a couple hours after eating there, she started feeling nauseous.  About an hour after that, I started feeling the same way.Her suffering was much worse than mine, but something we ate simply didn't agree with either of us.  I'm blaming the lobster queso, simply because it's incredibly rich, full of cream, and we both ate a lot.  Plus, besides the bread and salad, it's the only thing we shared.  Another thing I should mention is that we both had a double black-diamond martini; these are absolutely heavenly.  I sure hope they didn't have anything to do with the GI distress, as I'll certainly have more in the future.I'm treating the stomach thing as a fluke, as this is my 5th or 6th trip to Firebird's, and I've never had a problem before.  I'll add another star after my next pain-free visit.  :)
4	Went for lunch. Service was good as usual. Love the coconut shrimp,good mango chutney with it.  My steak salad was cooked to perfection (ordered without blue cheeseand)  the quesadilla app that my friend ordered as a meal was good size and tasty.
4	AMAZING!This food was absolutely delicious! We came out for my dad's birthday and made reservations and I'm glad we did because this place gets packed early! First you get this amazing bread that comes to the table warm and a perfect side of soft butter. We all know it's nothing like getting cold hard butter and trying to smear that in your bread...ugh but not here!We tried the BLT salad which has romaine lettuce, bacon, tomatoes and a delicious creamy garlic ranch dressing! The combinations they use are so great it's so packed full of flavor you almost forget it's just a salad!For the entrees we chose the Surf and Turf which is a lobster tail, steak and potato. I know typically you don't think to get seafood or lobsters for that matter from a steak house but here over that open fire and flamed grill it's cooked to perfection and simply delicious!!!The steak was also very tender and cooked to perfection, add a loaded loaded baked potato and you really have the perfect meal. The manager on duty was very nice and friendly and made sure to tell my dad happy birthday! Which was very special!This was by far a great night out and I look forward to doing it again!
5	We have eaten here about five times in last couple of years. Each time it's better & better. They now entertain reservations not just call ahead. One of our favorite selections  is tender & delicious Filet Mignon and loaded baked potato. Way better and way cheaper than Ruth Kris. Staff is excellent. Bread board is superb and wine list is decent. No complaints from us.
5	Living a short skip away from the Stonecrest Firebirds, I have been a frequent diner for many, many years.  Many dates, celebrations, gab fests, Secret Lunch Club meetings and "I can't believe he did that, what a jerk" meals, drinks and desserts have taken place at this very restaurant.  I LOVE the Firebirds.  And as with all relationships, great days are easy to weather, it's the fights that test the love.  Today, me and the Firebirds had our first disagreement.Firebirds is easy to find within the Stonecrest Shopping Center.  Parking is ample and well lit, and it's a short walking distance from the Regal Cinema if you are doing dinner and a movie.I typically eat dinner here and usually have either the prime rib or the filet, which have always been cooked to perfection and delicious.  Firebirds is a few dollars more than your typical chain steak joints, but your intestinal tract will thank you for spending the few extra dollars by not seizing up from the tenderizers and other chemicals that other places use to make bad cuts of meat taste better.  The BLT salad is delicious.  The 'butt bread'  (delicious warm bread served with butter that looks like a booty) is warm, soft and good.  The onion rings are thick cut onions coated in a seasoned panko crust and served with ranch - YUM!  I don't care for seafood, but my friends swear by the Lobster Queso dip.  Treat yourself and get the loaded baked potato which tastes fresh and not like it has been withering in a steam bath for hours, and is topped with butter, sour cream, cheese, BACON and green onions.  My parents love their crab cake salad.  Spiced green beans with pecans are good, sweet potato waffle fries and steak fries are well done too.  Many years ago they had a pork chop with herbed butter special that I still daydream of.   Big Daddy Chocolate Cake is huge and rich, creme brulee cheesecake is AMAZING creamy goodness and the brownie sundae is yum.  I have never had a bad meal or item here - ever.Until today.I took my mom and dad to lunch for my mom's birthday.  Firebirds'  fall lunch specials are a crab cake sandwich and a chicken fried steak.  Both of the parentals got the crab cake sandwich, one with a side of the sweet potato waffle fries and the other with steak fries.  I got the chicken fried steak w/ the gravy on the side, served with the spicy green beans w/ pecans and poblano cheddar mashed potatoes.  I said I wanted the gravy on the side to our waitress twice to make sure that they gravy was indeed served ON THE SIDE.  (you see where this is going, right?)  So the food comes to the table with the gravy on the steak, but whatever, I'll try to eat it.  Normally I am a big fan of gravy, but this was a brown peppercorn gravy and the peppercorn flavor was overwhelming to me, I couldn't even taste the meat (some folks may like it, but I did not).  I looked for our waitress and another young woman came to the table and asked if she could help.  I explained, she took the plate away and returned a moment later to let me know the food was coming right back.  Our original waitress then came over and said she didn't know I wanted it without the gravy (she may not have heard me say it twice) and said it would be out momentarily.  The manager then came over and said it was coming right up.  All very friendly, not pushy or accusatory as if it were my fault.   It was no big, stuff happens.  Mom and dad were happy with their crab cake sammiches and that is the most important thing to me.  Meat came back with no gravy on it, poblano mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious and the green beans were cooked well, not terribly spicy and the pecans gave them an interesting crunch.  I ate it all, life was good.When the check came, they had taken my chicken fried steak off of the bill, which I ate ALL of on the second try, so they didn't have to do that. I told the waitress that I ate it, so it didn't need to be removed, and she just said it was taken care of.  It's excellent customer service and the immediate correction of a disappointing dish that will keep me coming back to Firebirds for years.  Consistently good food and service have made me a loyal customer.  If only I could find a boyfriend that was so delicious and always treated me as if I were right...
5	Ok....It's official I'm addicted to Firebirds!!!! And yes, they deserve all 5 stars!!!The food and drinks are consistently good and I have yet to find something I didn't absolutely LOVE!Tonight, my friends and I went out for dinner and drinks and we had a wonderful time!  I tried the Passion Punch and it was AMAZING...It's definitely a sweet and sour blend of SKYY Infusions ,All Natural Passion Fruit Vodka, St. Germain liqueur, fresh squeezed lime and fresh strawberry pieces. Would I like another?! Yes please! You will not regret it! It's very refreshing and delicious!For Starters we tried the Lobster Spinach Queso-A spicy blend of lobster, baby spinach, tomatoes and pepper jack cheese with tri-colored tortilla chips. YUM!!! Nice large pieces of lobster mixed with spinach and the pepper jack cheese make this a great starter! It's wonderful! For my meal, I had the sesame encrusted salmon which comes with ginger mustard aioli, Parmesan mashed potatoes, fried spinach. OK....where do I begin??? The aioli is too delicious for words....its so full of flavor and with the sesame crust on the salmon it offers such a great compliment to the fish. The Parmesan mashed are delicious as well, but that fried spinach is so unique! It literally melts in your mouth. Our waitress called them spinach chips....and that is so true! All in all, this has become one of my new favorite places and I look forward to coming back again....VERY soon!
5	I loved everything about this place. The delicious sounding menu, the ambiance and especially the customer service. Stopped in when it was busy. There was a wait for a table but hubs and I were able to score a couple of seats at the bar. Upon being seated we ordered a couple of brews and started debating what we were going to order. I love that the menu is not overly complicated- there are plenty of selections but not enough to make your head spin like some other places. Even though there wasn't an overwhelming amount of choices everything sounded so good that it made making a decision difficult. Ended up ordering a burger and after what seemed like just a few short minutes (love when you have good company to make time fly!) the food arrived. The burger I ordered was supposed to come with bacon but it was missing. I didn't really mind this so I didn't say much. I then asked to see the menu b/c in my debating on what to order I thought I remembered seeing the burger with bacon option cost more than what I had received. I expressed my price question to the bartender as I was looking at the menu and realized that I had mixed things up in my head and there was, in fact, no price difference. She was quick to verify there was no price difference but also quick to offer to go and get me bacon from the back to eat with the remainder of my burger, which I declined. I was ready to move on with it and was feeling a little embarrassed that I asked about the price b/c I had mixed things up when the manager showed up, apologized for the missing bacon and offered to buy us desert. We finished our meals and were too stuffed to think about desert. The bartender then insisted we should take it to go and I have to tell you, I had the most delicious breakfast of  chocolate cake the following day that my mouth still waters thinking about it. The way that we were treated after what was basically my mistake for reading the menu wrong and a little missing bacon has made me a real fan of this place. It is refreshing to see places take pride in what they are serving and caring how the customer is treated when so many places seem to not care anymore and this will make me a repeat customer for a long time to come.
3	Well, I hadn't been to Firebirds in a few years and never had visited the location in Stonecrest before, but it was an easy and convenient choice before we saw a movie earlier this week. Really, you can park at either the theatre in Stonecrest or in front of Firebirds and everything is walkable. Really dig that about this location. The interior: Awesome. It's like walking into a swanky lumberjack's den. There's exposed wood, firewood, more wood....and wooden things. Dimly lit, high ceilings, lanterns....or "man"terns, for that matter. Just a really cool feel. I really like the split level, too. Our service was VERY attentive. I really can't stress how much this guy wanted to serve us. His name was Brett and he was thorough, nice, educated, and well-placed throughout the meal. We started with their signature cocktail -- Black Diamond Martini. I have to say it was a total letdown. Their infused citron vodka was like dull pineapple juice. It housed no kick and was just....meh. I mean, I really dig pineapple juice, but $10 pineapple juice? Think I'll pass.I have to comment on the bread they serve pre-meal. What IS that loaf? I've never seen that shape, structure, or texture in bread before! Coated in semolina...which gets all over you and the table, by the way, and is almost cracker-like on the exterior with a slight chew in the middle. It tastes just fine, but man....what a strange recipe/method. I ordered the coconut shrimp for an entree. I've been on a kick of ordering things I normally wouldn't on a given night. Sigh....it was just boring. 10 semi-large shrimp, a cabbage slaw with tortilla chips, large steak fries, and an awful mango-habanero dipping sauce. The shrimp were fine au naturale, but that dipping sauce totally ruins everything. I'd rather have ketchup and that's really bad. I love the decor and the service. The food and sig cocktail....not so much. I'd love to come back and just sit at the bar with a beer before a movie, though! I'ma get my plaid on, kick back and enjoy that wood-laden ambiance! Cheers.
5	Ate here once thanks to a recruiter, the interior is very swanky.  Even though it was during lunch time, the place was packed and dimly light inside, creating that atmosphere... though I don't think that's needed for that time of day.  Anyway, I ordered the Aspen Sirloin with seasoned steak fries (wasn't paying for it).  After an acceptable wait of 15 minutes, the order was on the table.  The steak was perfect: medium-rare that cut like butter with the knife.  The whole steak was consumed, as were the steak fries.  It was a fantastic steak.  Would go again if I can rope someone else into paying for it. ^_^
5	I have worked in restaurants for more years than I care to admit.  I have worked casual to upscale and everywhere in between.  I know good food and I know good service.  Firebirds never ceases to amaze me.  The steaks (particularly for the pricepoint) are expertly prepared and the sides are on point.  Wine and spirit selection will please any pallette.  As for the service, I am always impressed.  We've been a few times and most times have been greeted by a manager at some point during the meal to inquire as to our satisfaction. In other cases I found the servers to be engaging and friendly without being annoying.  I've been to both the Southpark and Stonecrest locations and the consistency is precise.  You really can't ask for much more from a restaurant!
4	Great place, great menu, open decor which is very inviting, full bar and super service.  Prices and good, also.We went with grandchildren because they love the idea of having "butt bread" and that is exactly what it looks like.  Bread is served fresh from the oven and is quite good.Servers can accommodate exceptions as a normal part of the service.  Not a problem.  Children's menu.Bar serves good large drinks.This place could be a casual or formal occasion and could be romantic if you wish.  Nice place.
5	An all around great restaurant.  The wood burning fire place is so inviting when you walk in.  Food and service are exceptional and consistent every time.  We have been going for years and will continue to do so!
3	Really 3.5 star...but solid, sometimes excellent food with great atmosphere and decor.Why the average review then (By the way I still go once a month due to it's convenience)Prices are maybe only $5 bucks cheaper than a  Mortons or Ruth Chris steak...and the quality of the meat is not even close...again the flavor of the steak is good.They do the community waitstaff strategy....I get that the restaurant gets extra turns that way....but I HATE it....I purposely have to slow down to enjoy my $120 meal with my wife.So really good, really convenient and good ambience...yet overpriced, rushed, and leaves you feeling empty inside...kind of like making out with your ex.FOLLOW UP 2/13:   On a very good note, they did contact me regarding my review letting me know they appreciate the feedback...not sure if it will change anything but very nice touch.
4	I must say I was pretty impressed with Firebird's. I prefer this location better than the one in Southpark. The decor is trendy and the atmosphere is great! Be careful though, I've tried to go over lunch a few times and the place gets packed. During dinner I got a filet which was fantastic. The service was great. I honestly don't have anything to complain about except it gets quite busy. Which obviously is a good thing in general!
4	Another fine meal and experience, along with an example as to how customer-satisfaction-oriented Firebirds can be.Service was excellent, Caitlin, who even had the patience to decipher the verbal orders of both a three and a six year old.  All items were received as ordered, and not by Caitlin, but other members of "the waitstaff crew."  Seamless execution.Their BLT salad with ranch dressing is wonderful.  Always get it as a side, but son ordered his as a main, with chicken, and it was a meal.  Wife had the Delmonico steak, usually what my son orders, and the chili seasoning is simply delicious.  Just watch out for the end with fat and grizzle.  Onion rings are lightly Panko-coated, very delicious and crisp, unlike the ubiquitous, grease-soaked "beer-battered" variety so regularly encountered.Drinks are well-done, well-served and well-sized.  One little hiccup on my prime rib.  I like my beef at a high medium rare, low medium.  I got EXACTLY what I ordered but...the temperature was room temperature at best.  I was in a bind:  do I send it back to be "reheated" and over-cooked, or do I just eat it as is?The floor manager came by to ask what they could do to correct the order.  He even offered to have another order prepared or to "comp" my meal.  I have great sympathy for restaurants in general and specifically do not like to waste food.  That is a vestige of my German-Scotch-Irish mother who came from the depression era value set of, "you eat everything on your plate."  And we were poor enough that many times that was a horrible experience.Back to the prime rib, I opted to have it re-heated.  Yep, it came back now a high medium, barely pink.  Again the manager offered a replacement or "comp."  I declined both saying that I appreciated his offers, but did not want this to go to waste and please don't comp the meal.  He did anyway, and, although unnecessary, the gesture was appreciated.  It does not get more professional and customer-oriented than that, but next time I will opt for a new order.  Just a shame as that hunk-o-beef was so perfectly cooked...only cold.  Would have been a great photo of how a medium rare to low medium should be. Will be back, for sure.
3	Let me start off by saying this review is not about food quality. It's an average of four star food, two star prices, and other typical dining factors.  The food at Firebirds is great, but for what I spent for two steak dinners and a few drinks my last time there with my girlfriend, it cost more than my upcoming tenth anniversary dinner cruise without the cruise.  The waitress was excellent, but nothing special. She was a stereotypical waitress.  The restaurant itself is always busy.  In fact, last time we went we had to go elsewhere because the wait was an hour and a half.  I typically don't mind a half hour wait, which is what we ended up waiting last night, but in that time several staff members stared at us craning our necks to see a spot open at the bar without ever asking is we would like a drink or menu while we waited.  Considering how small the bar is, it is just always an issue there.We did eventually get a table in the bar, which cut down on our wait time, but then we saw other patrons, who were just arriving, getting drinks and appetizers around the big fireplace.  Why didn't anybody ask us about doing this while we stood by the door looking rather irritated for a half hour? I am somewhat relieved that they didn't, though, because at either $5 for a beer or $9 for a liquor drink, we could have spent the entire budget at the bar in twenty minutes.I must sound cheap or like an alcoholic, but that is not it at all.  Restaurants with congestion like this need to have options for patrons who will almost definitely have to wait.  Those options should include a light cheap appetizer menu, where the average price isn't $12, wait service for the waiting area, which already has tables for drinks, and a drink menu that will not break people before they ever sit down.  I understand that it is near a rich area, but it's still on the fringe, and by a theater and a Wendy's.  It's not Ruth's Chris, but they sure want to pretend that it is.  In case I am just beginning to sound cheap again, let me reiterate that we could have eaten uptown at McCormick and Schmick's for the same price, and had options like the Belk Theater for dessert as opposed to Front row seats for Jurassic Park 3d across the parking lot.My suggestion, if you plan to eat at Firebird's, is to have a reservation, be there early, ask about drinks and appetizers while you wait, because they won't offer, budget to spend around $40-$50 on two mixed drinks for two people, order a burger, because it is the only thing priced reasonably on the whole menu, then leave quickly because they don't hide that they want to free up the table after they have gotten $120 out of you.  Bottom line, for me anyway, only go there to get burgers with friends or other couples, don't be starving because you will be starving a lot worse after the wait, and don't go there for drinks or the bar scene.
4	I've dined at Firebirds a number of time since moving to Charlotte and always return. It's a bustling spot, usually crowded at peak hours, but it's worth the wait. The menu is small but hits all the high spots - burgers (excellent!), steaks, salads, fish and chicken. I've tried the steaks, burgers and fish. I love the crusted salmon with the fried spinach - enough for dinner and leftovers. The triple diamond martini is insanely good (and at the price they charge, it's good that one drink is all you need). The prices are a touch high, but the food is consistently good and there's always leftovers. I will note on my last trip, I ordered the crab cake salad and discovered the crab cakes, though good, had been changed since my last visit. Too mushy and too much filler now for my taste, but other than that, go, eat and enjoy.
4	Had dinner Thursday night. At 7 pm still had to wait for at table. Had some drinks at the bar: good basil cocktail and Firebird red wine is pretty good. Dinner was a shared salad, pecan crusted flounder and baby back ribs. Both were generous portions and very tasty. Hard to finish. The salad we shared is an add on for less than 5$. Portion size was perfect. Our server was efficient and clearly has a career has a career in sales. Of course, the most expensive appies were recommended. I think management has an effective training program for staff.
5	Visited on a Saturday night with some family. Made online reservations and while finding a parking spot was an excursion, we were quickly seated. The place is gorgeous both inside and out. The waitresses were all super friendly. We got the lobster spinach dip as an appetizer...amazing! I got the Durango burger. It was cooked just how I asked and was delicious. One family member got a steak that was fantastic and the other got the Parmesan crusted flounder and an extra crab cake. I tried the crab cake and was amazed at how good it was. The flounder was also amazing, light, full of flavor and moist. Nothing about this meal was disappointing!The only downside other than the parking was the cocktail menu. A little high and not what I would call a great selection. However, I'm sure that anything from the bar would have been great as the bar was visibly stocked with everything under the sun.I will DEFINETLY be going back!!!!!
4	Had dinner Thursday night. At 7 pm still had to wait for at table. Had some drinks at the bar: good basil cocktail and Firebird red wine is pretty good. Dinner was a shared salad, pecan crusted flounder and baby back ribs. Both were generous portions and very tasty. Hard to finish. The salad we shared is an add on for less than 5$. Portion size was perfect. Our server was efficient and clearly has a career has a career in sales. Of course, the most expensive appies were recommended. I think management has an effective training program for staff.
4	Had dinner Thursday evening around 7 pm. Had to wait 20-30 minutes; good crowd. Had drinks at bar- very good mojito. My wife had the filet special, done perfectly with a side house salad. I had the Parmesan crusted flounder with a side Caesar.  Very flavorful and plentiful. It was the next day's sizeable lunch.  All in all a very good dinner, a couple of glasses of wine and a couple of very good mojitos.
4	This gets my best salad in the city award.  their fried chicken salad is sooooo good.  topped with their home made balsamic and its just awesome.  They also have some other very solid food.  Great family atmosphere... its not gormet but I crave this salad regularly and have a great time there with the kids.
5	I love coming to Firebirds, the staff is always friendly, from the hostesses to the bartenders and the food is terrific. I love the steaks with the chile rub and Monday nights are half price wines - what's not to like about that!!
4	Dinner was great.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly welcoming service and most important the food it is delicious!!! I highly recommend it, specially if you are like me, from out of town. Great experience!!!
5	Hey I love the steak sandwich and pineapple martinis. Great atmosphere, the people are friendly, the lines are long but worth the wait, and the food is very good. Also the bread they serve before lunch or dinner is incredible. This is one of those places you have to go so you can wonder why you've never gone before.
4	I started coming to Firebirds around 1999 - 2000, you know, back when I had hair.  Firebirds was the best place IMO to eat in Ballantyne back then.  Well, here we are 13 years later and I am about 40 lbs heavier, and my hair has fallen by the wayside and Firebirds still is a righteous choice for dinner.I still remember the 1.5 - 2 hour wait so it was about 5:15 Friday night and we waltzed in and were seated promptly, I like that.  We were greeted by Debbie our server who was very attentive and took great care of us.  Appetizer of the Lobster Spinach Queso AKA "App of the Gods" which was chock full of lobster and cheesy goodness, it's a bit steep at $11.95 or so but well worth it.As a purist, I ordered the NY Strip, loaded baked potato and Firebirds BLT Salad.  Being a customer 10 years ago, I remember certain things...the BLT Salad is one of them.  It's not the same as it used to be.  It was still good, but it was MUCH smaller than years ago and the $4.95 add on charge is way to high for less than $1.00 worth of salad.The NY Strip was also tasty and the inside was cooked perfectly.  The grill was a tad bit hot and the outside of the steak was a bit charred for my taste but overall it was a solid steak that I enjoyed.  I enjoyed the potato also and it rounded out the meal well.One of the highlights of this place, which hasn't changed is the freakin' awesome bread that is served with the meal.  it is an individual loaf of hot, doughy perfection and to cut out a middle slice and smear the salted butter that accompanies it is something I imagine I will be doing in heaven, if I ever make it there.In summation, I must say I enjoyed my experience last night.  I realize some places change and restaurants must adjust to stay competitive, but Firebirds still offers a great meal
5	We love this place!! We always take our visitors from out of state to this place, no matter how long the wait. (It can get realllly long, people. On at Saturday night at 8 they were telling people that the wait was over 3 hours.) We have never gotten anything we haven't enjoyed. We are big fans of their tempura shrimp, blt salad & their bread of course! I really enjoy the beef kabobs. They are always cooked to perfection. My husband likes their ribs, said they fell off the bone easily.
4	We went here with a group of 5 people on Wednesday after work (around 5) because they have $5 drink specials and $5 bar bites. The drink specials you can get all day, and throughout the restaurant, but the bar bites are only available from 4-6:30 in the bar. Because food can be pricey, I was glad we found a table in the bar area to squeeze in to. We ended up ordering chicken tacos, loaded tater tots, pigs in a blanket, and pretzels and beer cheese. There is a spicy sour cream on the tacos so beware. The tater tots were by far my favorite food, so if you have to pick one go with these. They were hot and crunchy and loaded with toppings including green chili. The pigs in a blanket were ok. Definitely made in-house but kind of lacking for me. The pretzels and beer cheese were good, but a little bland. The drink specials include all of the martinis and mixed drinks on the bar menu. A lot to choose from and I definitely made sure I got my moneys worth. My favorite was the blood orange drink. I can't remember exactly what was in it, but it wasn't too sweet and it had blood orange liqueur which was awesome and different. I think we will definitely be back!
1	I wasn't familiar with Firebirds, but gave it a try since so many alternatives were closed after seeing a late movie.  I decided upon the 9 oz. filet & crab cake special, but when it arrived the filet was slightly cold and tasted of smoke, although the meat was very tender.  What really disappointed me was the crab cake being about the size of a silver dollar, easily the smallest I've ever been served, and even at that size it was somehow light on crabmeat.  The accompanying mashed potatoes were also quite cold and lumpy.  Had the "special" been some kind of reduced price then the ridiculously small portion might have been understandable, but it was quite expensive.  The one positive I will say is that the service was very good, as the waitress was very attentive and came by to check regularly without being obtrusive.  Still, it's definitely not somewhere I will ever dine again and I will discourage any friends from doing so should they go to that particular theater.
5	Needed a place for NYE, and called the day before and got a 6:45 PM for 2 reservation.  We got there and the receptionist was very personable despite the ton of people in the restaurant.  We only waited about 10 minutes and we were sat.  The waiter was great, the food was great as well.  The team approach is awesome and we never went without at all.  Thanks for making a great NYE for my wife and I.
5	My wife and I came here two times this week to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke. BEST TASTING NEW YORK STRIP AND FILET WE'VE HAD IN CHARLOTTE HANDS DOWN! Juicy, tender, and flavor in every bite! Middle of the road price wise and well worth it! We'll DEFINITELY be back!Update: We tried the Southpark location twice as it's closer to us but were very disappointed. We came back to this location  again and the steak was outstanding! This is now our benchmark for steaks in Charlotte. Morton's, Fitzgeralds, and BLT are pricey but the closest flavor wise in our opinion is BLT. The others are good for the experience, but if you just want a flavorful steak at a decent price, this is your place!
5	A friend suggested we go here & me being unfamiliar with the name of this restaurant &  what they offered and since I'm not exactly a Charlotte native...I wanted something different and thought it would would be cool to go with someone else tastebuds so,  I went with what my friend suggested. And I must admit it was as pleasant experience dinning here. On my visit there was no wait in line, the atmosphere was perfect, we had the best seat in the house by far...we sat at the north side of the bar at a table right next to the fire place...perfect for a romantic date. There were 3 friendly gentlemen which one I noticed must of been one the managers who was sitting right next to us...while he chatted with friends that came in. The atmosphere, customer service , food and drinks were outstanding. While I'm not a steak person...next visit I will indulge as there steaks and potatoes looked very tasteful.As my friend chatted with our waitress I overheard that the owner of this restaurant maybe the owner and/or has/had ties with Longhorn. No wonder I got the Longhorn feeling but, on a Ruth Chris setting.
4	Service was excellent. With a reservation our party of 8 we were seated immediately. Trout was excellent. I was amazed at the size of the portion. I would recommend this restaurant.
1	This was our first visit to Firebirds. We arrived at 6:25 on a Tuesday night. We had to wait at least 20 minutes for our table, no problem. I ordered the 14oz Ribeye. When my plate arrived, they had served me a NY Strip. I did not complain, it looked good enough. Although it was cooked properly at MR, it was very tough, and hard to chew. The entree's include only potato, the small green salad is $5 extra, what? That made my steak cost $31, not worth the money. The place was loud. I dont see what the allure is to this resraurant. The food is OK, but I would never recommend the steak. It is over priced.
4	Loaded with son, daughter-in-law, wife and two grandchildren we are frequent diners at Firebirds.  Given the children we come early, prior to 6pm and have no problem getting seated immediately.  We leave after dinner moving through the crowd in front waiting for a table.Service is great.  Kid menu is better than average and they will get the children's meals ready quickly.  Helps keep them quiet and happy.Portions are wonderful.  Food is well prepared and excellent.On one occasion I ordered the prime rib which came over cooked.  I can handle medium rare to medium, but not more or less.  This truly beautiful piece of meat came in rare enough to quiver. I hated to ask them to cook it more, as I knew that it would come back too done.  So it was, but I ate it and appreciated that they did re-cook it.  When the bill came, they comp-ted my meal.  I talked to the manager telling him that I wanted to pay for it as it was excellent and that I did not want to see a good piece of meat thrown out.  He insisted that the meal was on the house.  Unnecessary as far as I am concerned, but  that is the culture and policy of Firebird.Their BLT salad is worth being a meal, and sometimes my son and I do just that.  The portion is generous and if you order it with your main course you will not finish your main.  Suggest you split the BLT salad with someone.  But baby, it is really a yumilicious treat.Baked potatoes come with lots of toppings. But be aware that the spuds are rolled in heavy salt while baking and though I love the skins I just can't take the salt, even if I wipe it off.  But the potatoes are great.We have not had a bad meal and have really worked through the menu so can confidently tell you to order what you want as you will not be disappointed.
5	It was a rainy Saturday night when we decided to visit Firebirds, so obviously the place was packed. We ended up waiting at the bar, which was quick and efficient.We then got our table and were really happy with our server. Good service is always a plus in my book.For dinner we chose the Pepper Crusted Sirloin & the Filet Mignon. Both tasted GREAT (even considering that we had to send the Sirloin back, as it was a bit too pink for us)!Great Food + Great Service = Highly Recommended!
1	Service was awful. We didn't have "call ahead seating or reservations" so it was a 80 minute wait.  Finally sat down. Then wait  20 mins and still no apps. I was asked if I had any questions about the menu.  I asked the waitress and she tells me their Salmon is farm raised.  I am sorry I am not going to pay $$$ for farm raised crap.  We had enough and left before the 20 minute onion ring app came out.
2	Wife and I ate here for lunch the other day and it was so-so. It looks like it should be much better. The locations pretty good parking was fairly easy and the decor of the restaurant is very nice. I had the ribs and they came out extremely charred. They were quick to replace them but the taste just wasn't there for me. We also had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer and they were little overcooked and I need to get very much for almost $12. To put this in perspective my main dish which were the ribs were only $12 as well. I do believe in giving places more than one opportunity to impress me so we will try it again hopefully it was just an off day.
4	The Delmonico steak sandwich is very good and a price performer :) but the Creme Brulee cheesecake is out of this world!
4	My mom and I came here one night and probably tried every cocktail they offer in one sitting.... Here is my sober review:Favorites: cucumber martini, dirty w/ belvedere (blue cheese olives), the last coffee cocktail on the menu, one of the guys even ensured our cocktails were constantly in an ice cold glass -- that's what I'm talking about Service & management is greatSeasonal tuna salad w/ quinoa was perfect
5	Love, love, love this place! Food is excellent, especially the ranch rings appetizer. Their spicy chicken pasta is delicious and service has mostly been good. Be sure to make a reservation or you may be waiting awhile.
4	I have lived and worked close to the Ballantyne area for at least five years and have yet to actually dine in Firebirds until tonight. (I have gotten to-go a few times.) I think it may be because their menu is pretty expensive and not so extensive and the restaurant seems a little uppity, however I had won a gift card in a contest so thought tonight would be a great night to try it out. Love the atmostphere, not uppity at all, on the high end of casual - I imagine it may be a little more formal on weekend evenings. We went in around 7:30 which was towards the end of their peak time as the tables were full but most were paying their checks - the hostess was nice, and the waitress was nice also. Then a big group came in and took a lot of our waitress' attention and therefore we did not receive the beer we had ordered and the bread she told us was coming until much later. TOTALLY not a big deal. We received our food - the AMERICAN KOBE BEEF MEATLOAF, SMOKED CHICKEN WINGS and PORTABELLA SANDWICH all of which were really good. As we were getting ready to pay our check, our original waitress returned (others had assisted us with bringing out the food, etc.) and we could tell she felt really bad thought there really was no need to. The manager (I'm assuming), came over and informed us that he would be taking the beer off the check and he was really sorry for the hiccups, even though the beer and bread were long gone in our minds. A+ for service! We most likely will be going back, but I feel their prices should be slightly lower.
2	Service was great and drinks were spot on. The food was uninspired and bland. Food quality was suspect. The price was decent but you get what you pay for i guess. This is off my list, way better options. I can see maybe dropping in for lunch and grabbing a burger but that's it.
3	My husband and I went here for lunch on a Saturday. Our goal was to have some good food and conversation. The restaurant was so over the top loud that we could barely hear each other speak. We almost left after we were seated because of the noise. From the outside and other reviews we had expect a nice-ish adult type restaurant. The place was filled with children including several that were running around the table next to us. I am a mom and I have no problem with family restaurants, but that was not what we were expecting or wanted for the afternoon. We stayed because we were starving and heard the food was good.My husband ordered the mahi special which he greatly enjoyed. I ordered the French Dip. The first half of the sandwich was OK, not great, but not bad. The fries were delicious. The cider slaw was not for me but was not bad. The second half of my sandwich was not edible. The meat was too chewy and full of gristle. All of the meat on the sandwich was well done which would not have been my preference if offered a choice. The service, however, was excellent. Our waitress was attentive and the manager took my sandwich off the bill.I doubt my husband and I will return mainly because of the noise level and lack of ambience.
5	Always great food and great experience. We tell our family about it all the time. Our favorite restaurant for sure!
4	I don't eat red meat but I tried the sirloin and bacon n blue cheese filet and they were both fantastic. I got sesame crusted salmon that was burnt and shouldn't have left the kitchen. The server and manager both corrected the problem and my second attempt was very tasty. We sat at a bar table n the ambiance  was still intimate. Fried spinach tastes like crispy grease - really gross. I recommend subbing (try the green beans)I'd definitely go back but schedule reservations ahead.
4	The food is great but I agree that the place can be loud, too loud, at dinner time. Great service though and great food, especially at lunch.
3	I've only been to Firebirds a couple of times - and those visits were probably a decade apart. But they were remarkably similar. This means either they have things down to a science, or I have hit on an amazing set of coincidence. Perhaps a bit of both.The staff at Firebirds is friendly, and the inside of the place is definitely nice to look at - but there are plenty of places that are nice to look at. Doesn't mean you have to hang out there, and even less that you have to spend money there. Wait - I was talking about a restaurant, right?Anyway - if you go for a drink, you may want to pump this up a notch, because it's pretty worthwhile to hang out inside when you're drinking. It's that nice. If you're there for food, it's a bit underwhelming. It's not bad, exactly, but the pace slows waaay down, the food is middling and the price just isn't worth it.
2	Went to dinner there last night. Our server Zach was awesome. The other server in our area was mr social and found his extended conversing loud and irritating. The food was lacking. My husband had steak which was tough, not a prime cut by any means. I had the braised tenderloin pasta which came out barely warm, beef was mushy, and peppers were completely raw. Very disappointing.
5	Firebirds is one of our go-to restaurants for a "Mommy minus kids" night out with girlfriends!  The servers are always knowledgeable and courteous!  If you ask for any suggestions or what new menu items are like, they're always right on.  One of my favorite items to order is the Lobster Queso for starters!  It's yummy...nuff said.  I also always get the BLT salad with my meals, it's one of the best!  Bread is always fresh and yummy!!I usually order the Prime Rib dinner and it's always cooked to perfection!  I have also tried their burgers and many of their sandwiches and they are always good too!The most favorite thing I love about Firebirds now is that you could make reservations online!!  I always avoided Firebirds on weekend nights because I knew there would be at least a 90 minute wait (if not longer) before we were seated!  Now that's fixed and it's always my first pick when asked "Where should we go?"!
4	First visit here was great! Had a reservation, so we were seated immediately. Hubby had the trout and I ordered the coconut shrimp. Both were tasty. Hubby had forgotten to order mashed potatoes, and when he mentioned it to the waitress she brought it out at no charge. The rockstar dish of the night had to be the spinach and lobster dip! Service was pleasant, except that our waitress disappeared a bit at the end. It was a busy night, so no big. We definitely plan on visiting again!
