4	This was a nice place! We stopped by here on recommendation of my in-laws to look at seeds. They had a wide variety of seeds (including mustards which is what I wanted) and they have a nice, expansive nursery area.
5	I'm a huge advocate of supporting local businesses.  When I began gardening, instead of going to the local "big box" store, I found A&P.  I've been going here ever since, and I've never been disappointed.First, what sets local businesses apart is the attention they pay to customer service.  Every time I walk in, I'm asked by at least one of the staffers if I need help with anything.  All the folks here are knowledgeable and helpful.  What I like best is that if one doesn't have the answer, they aren't afraid to put their heads together to ask each other for help finding the answer.  I appreciate that their approach is "no B.S."  I don't want someone to tell me what I want to hear when I'm trying to fix a problem in my yard.  I want them to help me fix it.  Well, take it from me, the guys at A&P will give you excellent advice.I purchased a blue hibiscus here just before early spring, and the plant did incredibly well for several weeks.  Then I noticed it looked like it might be sick or dying, so I stopped in the shop and asked them for advice.  One of the guys in the shop brought me outside in the parking lot and showed me the one they had planted there.  Instead of selling me anything, he told me I was probably not watering it correctly.  Well, I backed off on watering and now the plant is doing great again!Their nursery carries a great assortment of landscaping and gardening plants, as well as a nice selection of seeds (flowers and vegetables).  Inside the shop you'll find all the supplies you need.  Stuff for your irrigation system, planting supplies, bagged mulch, manure, compost, potting soils, and a nice assortment of both regular and organic fertilizers and other treatments.  They also carry a variety of high quality gardening hand tools.  The tools are not cheap, but their prices are very fair for the quality you get.  I'm very pleased with the $50 pitchfork I bought here.  This tool will last for years to come.This store sells tickets every spring for the annual Maricopa Master Gardeners tour.  That's just a tip if you're looking for an excuse to drop in :)Oh, and as a nice touch, these guys will usually carry your purchase out to the car and load it for you.  Most of my purchases are quite small, like a jug of liquid seaweed or a couple packets of seeds, so I don't usually take them up on this.  But when I do, it's a real nice touch.  I'm from the east coast, and even though I've lived here in the valley for 10 years now, I'm still not used to that level of customer service!I shop at the location on Baseline between Gilbert and Lindsey.  I know they have another location on Baseline closer to the 101, but I've never visited that location.
5	Great selection of in season vegetable plants.  I always get my tomatoes from them and they do great every year!
1	Don't waste your time!! Cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products! Spoke with the owner about a verbally abusive employee that lied about their products. He would not do anything to fix the problem but sell me something else. The owner asked me if I was handicapped because I can't plan a tree... Who asks a customer that?? This is the most unethical company I have ever worked with! I have never been more disappointed by the way I have been treated as a customer. Watch out for this company!! Make sure you get everything in writing and don't believe what anyone tells you there. Even if you talk to the owner, he will stand behind his employees, that can do no wrong, and not remedy the lies that have been told. What a horrible experience and shame that this company calls themselves a "family business". More like a big corporate machine that doesn't care about their customers!!
5	Stopped in looking for a stevia plant. They didn't have one, but I had a good look at the rest of their plants. It's a lot bigger than it looks from the outside, and the clerk was able to advise me on future supplies of everything I'll need for a great spring garden.
