3	I have to frequent this locaiton for work almost on a daily basis... And what can you say about a post office besides.. LINES LINES LINES...... i am giving them 3 stars because they have not lost any of my packages yet.. The day that happens I am going postal and ripping away some stars.!!
5	Today is Tuesday, I believe. and post office here has very very very good business, which is not good to us :)Mark, who's here walking around, help all the customers one by one. Um... he is a very nice guy, always called ladies as 'young lady'.Passports sign in windows 1&2Hours: Mon - Fri 9:00am - 3pmSaturday 10:00am - 1pmby the way, 'purple' is NOT allowed :(
4	I hate having to go to the post office. I appreciate that this office had one person talking to people in line and assisting in deciding which services are best. She wrote it down on a slip to make it easy for the register to just punch in. I'm used to lines, lines, lines and it made it efficient enough that I wasn't ready! I was still writing labels. I rarely go, but I like that I don't spend an hour at this location so I'll be back again.
4	Its a typical post office, sometimes there are long waits at certain times depending on what time of the day you go.  They have an automated machine which you can use to bypass the long line.  Overall, the people working there are friendly and will help you with your shipping needs.
4	What's to say about a post office.  I had to mail a package and I dropped it off here directly.  I printed the postage at home, so it was simply a matter of getting my package into the box at the PO so it went out as soon as possible.There is ample parking.  Sometimes the line inside can be awful.
1	It will be a great day when the USPS goes out of business and is ran by a company rather then the slow moving government
2	Having had concerns about a possibly stolen money order, my father and I stopped by the Post Office early this morning to address the issue. When we got there, about 5 people stood in line before us and only one window was open. 35 minutes into our wait, we were finally called in next and I proceeded to explain the problem hoping for a quick fill-up of a money order inquiry form, if not anything more. The lady casually took in our money order and looked confused. She said that she hadn't encountered a lot of money order issues like mine but went on to fill in a computerized form for me anyway, then had me sign at the end. Another staff spotted her handling the computer and stopped her saying that there's a form I have to fill in by hand. They talked through the procedures with each other, leaving a long line of people waiting very impatiently. About 45 minutes in, the clocked ticked to 11 o'clock, and there were only 2 windows open. People were starting to get antsy. A lot of them demanded more windows but the two ladies continued to redundantly talk about my money order concern and only one window was operating. The man said he couldn't leave his customers and that everyone else should just be patient. I believe the ladies didn't come to a compromise, so I was forwarded to the man handling the other (and only) window. He went through the same computerized processing of my basic info and we were done in less than 5 minutes. That was a whole hour spent at the post office handling work that could have taken only a few minutes to finish. I understand budget cuts and employee layoffs are prevalent but I was also hoping that there could be an improvement in the efficiency of the services they could accomplish with what they already have, preferably, speed and feeling out how long that lines have gotten.
2	We have a "new" letter carrier for our neighborhood. What a disaster he is. We receive our mail anywhere from 6PM to 6:45PM. I asked why anyone else doing his route is here 2 to 3 hours earlier than him. His answer was "they must not be on the overtime list". I said "I suppose you are?" With a big smile he answered, "everyday". His only concern is his overtime and to hell with customer service. So we wait while he grabs all the money he can. This is just one of many people working for the USPS that is helping this to business go totally broke.They need new management that understands what productivity actually means. I don't think anyone working there even cares what a lousy job this organization does. A privately owned company that is run like this would be OUT OF BUSINESS within a year.
1	After strolling in here to mail a package... I walked out. The line was out the door, the place was "tore up" and it seemed to be staffed with the typical postal employees who make it known that they want a paycheck, but don't want to work... then they are the same to complain that the postal service is losing customers to the competition, and need a government bailout... and cannot shut down on saturday's... poor employees might lose a day of pay for work they actually don't want to do... This office is a clear example of why they need to be replaced by competition... or be run by a business that wants to serve customers.
3	Never even knew this post office existed, but found myself here to mail an international envelope.  Quick and easy with the Automated Postal Center.  There's a Public Storage next door... wish I got a storage unit there plus a PO Box here.  Would've been convenient!
3	Never did liked trips to the post office. It is not that the USPS employees are not nice, but the fact that the line is almost always long.  So the task of sending out packages during the holidays is something better taken care of sooner rather than later.For simple errands like getting stamps or figuring out postage, it is best to use the kiosk (Automated Postal Center) that is in the room immediately after walking in the door.  Usually there is no one using that terminal, and once you figure out the navigation of the menu, it will save you valuable time.If you missed the delivery of packages to your address and is directed here to pick it up, just ring the bell to get the attention of one of the USPS employees working in the back (there is no need to wait in line) and they will retrieve your parcel for you.Parking at this location is okay. It is getting out of the parking lot onto Rainbow Blvd that is somewhat challenging during peak traffic. Or you can opt to park in the nearly empty lot next door, where Burger King is the only business open, and walk over here.3 stars.
2	Definitely not the fastest or best service I've gotten at a USPS location, but it is convenient.
4	It's a post office. Lol They seemed not postal which is good.or the love of all thats holy, it's a post office! How descriptive can I get? There are mailboxes for rent.....
2	Went on a weekday afternoon to pick up a missed parcel delivery. The line was nearly out the door at 3:30 PM and despite about seven windows, only two employees were present and assisting customers. Wait was nearly half an hour.The associate who eventually helped me was polite and friendly, and relatively quick, which was nice. Added on a sheet of stamps before I left, because I sure as heck don't want to stand in that line again.A little ticked off to find out that I apparently could have just approached the counter to pick up my parcel and been helped immediately- what good does that info do me AFTER I've waited?
2	This post office sucks!!! Long lines only a couple of tellers. Place is in need of a makeover.....just horrible!!!!!!
1	Absolutely the worst post office around. My office is nearby so I've put up with the long lines and slow employees for years. But today absolutely upset me. The woman with the curly blonde hair is extremely rude and discriminatory. I never thought I would say this about another person but she needs to be let go of NOW! I went in for a passport renewal and stood in line at the passport window. There is someone in front of me who was also doing a passport renewal and she helped that person. When it came to my turn, she gave me this ugly look up and down. I was wearing office attire since I made a quick run to the post office from my office.  Then she told me I needed to sign in to the clipboard while she helped another customer from another line not related to passports. No problem, I signed in. Then she asked a man on line 7 who is helping customers with regular mail to help me with my passport application. He said sure. Then she looked at me up and down, asked me if I filled out my application. I said yes, everything is filled out and I already have a check ready. Then she gave me an priority envelope and told me for passport renewal, I need to stand in the regular line. I looked at the window and I said, "Isn't this for passports?". She said not for passport renewal. She just wanted to cause me trouble. The regular line is out the door and will take at least an hour from my years of experience coming to this post office. I smiled at her, took the envelope and walked straight out the door. I don't have time to argue with you. I just want to renew my passport. Why do you go through all this trouble to give me a hard time is beyond my comprehension. Aside from the fact that you have nothing better to do. There is a new post office in the Greenland across the street. They are fast and efficient and the line moves fast. The man and lady there are both super nice. I drove across the street and they got it done in a few minutes!
4	This a good post office, not great for convenience, except for proximity to sams club.  The people who work here are great and very helpful.  The location is under staffed and that causes long lines, but the main problem is too many people in line who don't need to be here.  I am here every 4-5 x a week and I see way to many people in line to do something they could do at the apc.  Instead people walk right past the APC and plug up the line instead complaining about the wait the whole time.If customers were prepared, or used the automated system when they can the lines would be much smaller and quicker.I for one, applaud the employees who day in and day out suffer the wrath of the public.
2	If the US Post Office goes away, it will be because the service is nonexistent. Friendly enough people, just slow. Understaffed and slow as (choose your own analogy). No sense of urgency or services like you might find at FedEx or UPS. Came here on a Saturday for a passport renewal. Arrived at 11:00 AM. Still waiting at 12:30. Upon arrival there were several other passport customers ahead of us. The crazy part, they did not have someone working passports the whole time. They seemed to be trying to juggle the mailing & shipping responsibilities with the passport services. Sure it's an hour and a half, but it "feels" longer every time no one works the passport services and more passport customers arrive. My recommendation to you the reader of this review; fly into San Francisco and go to the proper Passport Services. You might save some energy.
3	I honestly haven't mailed a package through the post office in Years. (We usually just go to the 24 hour fed ex store because I don't often get a chance to run errands during "normal business hours") We were greeted at the door by a short older lady who was very helpful in getting us the info we needed at the beginning. We sorted all of our things and used the machine to print postage. The label wasn't going to fit in the exact place that the machine said to put it so we wanted to make sure that placing it somewhere else would be ok. Some other lady came out and screamed rudely at us "Just put it RIGHT THERE!!! How HARD is THAT?!?!?" And then she scoffed at us and wandered off. I do not see how it is Ever appropriate to speak to a customer in that manner. It was completely uncalled for. The first woman quickly came back & looked at us somewhat apologetically as she gestured to the drop box where we should drop the package. I think we might just stick with the 24 hr shipping place for now.
5	Love the self serve kiosk at this location that is open 24 hours! It allows me to drop off and ship packages at my connivence  and the best part is the line is never that long...max 1 to 2 people at most, even at Christmas time.
