4	New to Nicolson Street and will surely be a God-send to many students. The store from the outside actually looks quite small, but when you go in you see that it is very long and has a good range of stock. Me and my friends always come to Poundland to buy birthday presents for each other and we have all acquired quite a lot of "handy" gifts over time, not sure how I would live without my Anthony from Big Brother's Workout DVD. It's just handy that we will all have to walk a little less when it comes to birthday shopping next time.If they don't have a particular item you are after, then the walk to the next one isn't too far, seeing as it is in the St James' Shopping Centre on Princes Street.
3	I once heard that pound shops were sometimes fronts for drug money. Makes a lot of sense really. But don't let that put you off, and don't start blaming the staff for your bad experiences as a teenager, they are all very lovely.So basically this is a land where everything is for sale and its all a pound. The end.Poundland has a wide selection of...stuff. Stuff like sink basins, coca cola rip offs, Ninja DVDs, plant seeds. So um, you get the general theme. You really can get good bargains here, just obviously be sensible about it. Don't buy a packet of pens and expect each one to last more than a sentence, or buy a packet of snickers and expect them to still be within their sell by date by tomorrow.This place is, as everyone says, handy for buying cheep tat for presents if that's how you like to roll, or cheap snacks for parties. So yeah, lots of stuff, it's all a pound and it's in the centre of town.
4	This street is littered with substandard, downtrodden pound stores which cheapen the area. With the supermarket layout, efficient staff and uncluttered interior of Poundland, it's a step up from its competitors.Some of the over pound stores in this area (which rarely if ever sell stock for a pound, by the way) specialise in ornaments, compost and garden gnomes - stuff you don't really need if you're on the high street. Poundland sell some cheap eats and drinks that aren't as potent as you would expect from a pound shop, knock off movies and...well, still its fair share of tat.Nevertheless, they sell stuff in here that I wouldn't actually be that embarrassed to buy. I could use some of their crockery and homewares - they don't look like they're caked in dust and chipped, which is a welcome change to how most pound shops sell it to the customer. They seem to take pride in their stock and the staff don't look like they are turning grey with misery.The reason behind Poundland's success may be that it is well ordered and clean. That goes a long way, I'm sure you'll agree.
4	As mentioned in other reviews you'll fall into one of two camps; like or loathe. Personally I like. Poundland offers you basic everyday items at a basic price. From soap to stationary, crisps to cds, groceries to gardening its got a lot. Every now and then there seems to be themed items, camping and Halloween when I last visited.Give it a try, you're sure to find something that's a bargain.PS There can be long queues at busy times.
