3	I'm new to hot pot dining, but I liked it. I visited LYHPOK 3 times, and I learned that the staff is very helpful - if they are approached.  Maybe they are introverts?The food is tasty and filling.  Don't bother with the all you can eat option - the $11.50 choice is more than enough.  Hot pot is best experienced with large groups of people.
5	Leung Yue Hot Pot on King is my "go-to" Chinese Hot Pot place in Kitchener.  The restaurant is located in the same location as the now defunct Castle on King Restaurant.For those who don't know what Hot Pot is, from Wikipedia: it consists "of a simmering metal pot of stock at the center of the dining table. While the hot pot is kept simmering, ingredients are placed into the pot and are cooked at the table. Typical hot pot dishes include thinly sliced meat, leafy vegetables, mushrooms, wontons, dumplings, and seafood. The cooked food is usually eaten with a dipping sauce. In many areas, hot pot meals are often eaten in the winter."When we go for Hot Pot at Leung Yue, we always go for the All-You-Can-Eat option, so that we can get more of our favourite items.  The staff has always been friendly with us, and has always been helpful.  We love the great ingredients for the Hot Pot, including beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, among many others, which are freshly prepared.As another reviewer also pointed out, because of the large amount of food, Hot Pot is best experienced with a large group of people.  If you are open to new dining experiences and have never tried it, I heartily recommend it... it's a lot of fun!
3	Hong Kong style hot pot. Food quality and diversity are very ... standard. A highish price and mediocre service leave LY HoPo with a solid 3 stars.Updates: Now accepts credit cards and basic meal runs you $14/mouth.
5	The owner is super friendly and enjoys meeting new people. We usually just go with the meat all you can eat, but they have a meat and seafood option as well. All their meat balls and fish balls are home made and they always have fresh produce. Their beef slices are out of this world, dip it in their satay sauce and you don't want to stop eating! Once you get to know the owner better, he would bring you a plate of their amazing home made shrimp balls on the house. What else? Noodles, just try them all! Try everything! You won't be disappointed. Just don't go too often if you don't want your waistline to grow exponentially!
4	Really good food, and the owner is very friendly! I really like the dipping sauce that hand made by the owner, can't have enough of it :)
