5	We drive 45 min from home to eat here.  It's hands down still the freshest, funnest, most consistent flavors you'll get and well worth the drive!
5	Yes, you see it correctly, I just gave Chevy's 5 stars.... Why you ask? Well when i lived in Cali we would meet our friends at Chevy's for the awesome happy hour and have some great margaritas. Since coming to Vegas I thought that there was not any Chevys around anywhere. We ventured over to the mall and guess what I spy?!?!?! CHEVY'S. I think they have great salsa and I really like the nachos.. I am in no way saying that this is "real" Mexican food but it was good and cheap. If I really think about it I am giving this place stars just like how you would give your friends that you have not seen in a long time a high five long before you ask how life has been treating them. So in all reality the food could have been so-so but it was all about the reminiscing.Anyone want to go get a Margarita... Count me in!
4	Been here so many times. They have a great Happy Hour and the appetizers are CHEAP! Super great drinks. They have a Birthday club you can join so you get a free dinner for your BDay..you can order the fajita dinner! Such a good deal!They make fresh tableside guacamole and its very good. I have been sitting at the bar lately..gotta get to know your bartender! 2 margaritas & nachos and this mommy is ready for a nap!Best place to eat in mall for sure!
3	Dawn C. and I stop in here sometimes after doing a little shopping at Galleria Mall. I love the $3 tableside guacamole on Sundays. Monday-Friday they have happy hour 3 to 7 with $3 drinks and some appetizers are half off. You have to sit in the bar for that but no biggie. Entrees are not the most authentic Mexican grub you will find in Las Vegas but it is inexpensive and tasty.
3	We came here b/c we had a desire to try something new (to us) and we'd never been to Chevy's, close to the house and we had a $5 off coupon from that book you buy for $30. Only $25 left toward making our cash bk from that awesome little deal! I went with the Fresh Mex Artichoke Mushroom enchiladas. and I secretly think to myself wow for someone from West TX who loves meat and would really like a shirt like Jessica Simpson's that says "Real Women eat meat" .. I havent been eating meat all that often lately. hmmm. strange. But I also love anything that has poblano & mushroom and artichoke. hmm. win win win. I loved it. i was expecting a crappy kind of enchilada but it was actually kinda good. and knowing I was only paying $4.99 b/c of the coupon made it taste just a lil better! The chips here are very thin which I like the salsa is good but a lil to much chunky onions in the salsa. I'd def. order this again and picture is posted online with my check in here from last night. My bf ordered the taste of Chevy's and he said that I won last night (aka who got the better tasting meal) Nuff said. I did however taste a lil bite of the enchiladas and the tamales (offered but not asked for.. he's so precious...) and the tamale was GOOD. everything else was just ok. Bottom line, I really liked this dish till I looked up the calories which werent listed on my calorie count application on my phone (android) damn. this was 1120! damn. Good think I dint eat all of it! I would have def. ordered this again. or would order it again and just eat half. Very good.
5	I am not really a mall shopper ... SO.... I do actually go to Chevy's just because it is Chevy's.  Why?Let me count the reasons...1. Salsa and Chips : most people think that you can never go wrong with this combo ... but I have been to restaurants that HAVE. Chevy's is consistent and I love their salsa. It has great flavor and I want to eat it on everything including salad.2. nachos - I love that they are made individually. Each chip has all ingredients right on it. Perfect little combinations that just go YUM in your mouth.3. Pineapple-Coconut Margarita... mmmmm get me some of this RIGHT now. This is so tasty and good I get the fishbowl size margarita and I am not a drinker.  Chevy's is one of the only places i make an exception for drinking alchol.4. Chicken tacos - I am a creature of habit. SO ... I order one of like three dishes at chevy's the chicken tacos are AWESOME . 5. fajitas - with steak and shrimp combo.  so yummy i don't even have to futher explain it. ok it is a short list. .. but they are 5 amazing reasons to bring your munch on!
4	Lucky me it was happy hour when I arrived at Galleria Mall!! I could use a pre-shopping drink & a snack. Sat at the bar and ordered my favorite fresh fruit strawberry margarita & taquitos. I love the chips & salsa they bring over for you to munch on while you wait. I was going to be a good girl and only have one drink..since they are huge..but the bartender was sweet enough to hook me up with one free. That gets 5 stars! I went about my shopping in a much happier mood thats for sure!!
4	My journey for delicious Mexican food has finally ended here at Chevy's.  The  food definitely remind me of the great authentic food back in Houston, Texas.Even though it is quite a distance from where I am currently live, I will definitely make the drive to satisfy my cravings for Mexican food.  Our last visit at this place, there were 4 couples ahead of us, just waiting and waiting.  Seems like two of the couples waited for quite a while so they gave up and left.  After 5 minutes though, we got a table.  Looked like they were shortage of staff.  But o well, one man's loss is another man's gain.  I got to eat the DELICIOUS Mexican food that I have been craving for!!!Dinner for 21.) Chicken Corn Chowder-a very well balanced soup where one can taste both chicken and corn.  Those two flavors work so well together...OMG!!!2.) Mixed Grill Plate-Beef Fajitas, Shrimp, and Chicken, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, refried beans, rice, and tortillas.  Oh wait, the best thing is the...TAMALITO :)      -TAMALITO-The most delicious thing ever.  Go to Chevy's you must try this awesome corn flour treat.  I ordered another one of this sweet corn tamalito for desser.  It is savory and kinda sweet. Quite honestly, i could have a bowl of these babies and call it dinner!!!!This was more than enough for 2.  We pretty much stuffed ourselves so none will go to waste!3.) mango lemonade-yummy yummy yum yum yummy.  I always order this drink.Food and Service: 4 Stars.
2	I used to really enjoy Chevy's - especially their chips and salsa!  (And their margaritas were pretty delicious as well!) We called ahead to find out what time happy hour ended and they said 7 pm.  So we bolted to the mall and took a seat at one of the high bar tables.With two bartenders and it not being busy on a Monday night, it took awhile for us to get any attention - no menus, no water, no acknowledgment. When we were finally noticed, we asked what the happy hour menu was and he pointed to a flip menu (that the Husband had already grabbed from another table).  It didn't really have the details, so I helped myself to a regular menu.  He then made us feel so rushed putting our order in, especially if we wanted it during the happy hour time.  After we put our order in, the chips and salsa finally arrived.* Crispy Chicken Flauntas "Original Salsa Chicken, roasted red peppers, grilled corn and cheeses lightly crisped in flour tortilla.  Served with grilled pineapple salsa and our signature jalapeno jelly." - This was actually pretty disappointing.  I asked for sour cream, and got charged for it.  (They should really let you know.)* Spicy Wings "Fuego-seasoned chicken wings basted in our smoky BBQ sauce served with ranch dressing." - Again, this was just okay as well.  The Husband definitely has had his share of better wings.Meanwhile, our chips and salsa had been empty and no one offered to refill it.  Even a manager came by our table and asked how everything was and we said fine.  She didn't even notice that we were lacking chips and salsa.  (Obviously she came by out of habit, but really doesn't pay attention to her customers' needs.)  We also had to ask for refills on water.And sadly, their chips and salsa aren't even great anymore.  I'm actually preferring Chili's version right now.Overall, our bartender/waiter was just not good.  He didn't pay any attention to us despite us sitting so close to the bar.  We did notice another table of two getting a lot better customer service from a different bartender/waiter.  He checked on their table often, unlike ours.It was just not a good experience and the food was just okay.  We probably are in no rush to go back any time soon.Sidenote: Kids Eat Free on Tuesdays (one free kid meal with purchase of any regular price entree)
2	A sad day for me, to say the least.  For a solid decade I've considered Chevy's to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat.  Yeah, I'm a white dude who likes the white-washed mexican...so what? its delicious!  The chips and salsa are epic!  So I'm down in Vegas visiting some friends and I suggest we hit up Chevy's for lunch, so we hit up the ONLY Chevy's around which is down at the mall in Henderson across from Sunset Station.  We walk in with 3 adults and 2 kids, both 2 years old.  So of course, they take us off the beaten path and stick us in the back corner so as not to disturb anybody....which is fine and dandy, EXCEPT WHEN THEY FORGET ABOUT YOU!   First round of drinks and chips/salsa was pushing 10 minutes from being seated.  I order an apple juice for my daughter and they're all out.  I then ask for a chocolate milk instead and...you guessed it...they're all out!  My wife asks for a side of lemons for her ice-water.  First the server says they're out, then changes his mind and says they have lemons but no limes.  Well, they never came.  Fast forward about another 45 minutes. Mind you, we've had ZERO drink refills at this point.  Out comes my plate of Chicken Fajitas...that's it.  So we're sitting and waiting another 5 or so minutes and ask where the rest of the food is.  The server apologized and said the flautas took the longest, hence the delay in delivery.  Since when does deep fried food take longer?  Well, I've finally decided I had enough and spoke to the manager.  She was super nice and ended up comping half of our bill and surrounding us with great service for the small remainder of our stay.  She even made it a point to have the server bring out lemons, so of course, he brought a side of limes.  I thought they were out of limes?  When all was said and done, it took nearly 2 hrs to eat here when it wasn't busy AND with 2 fussy toddlers.  This is easily the worst Chevy's experience I've ever had.  I'll stick to the ones in CA!!
4	ok the highlight of my last visit BESIDES our server Marco... was the most freakingdeliciousawesome pineapple coconut margarita. I can sum it up in one word. YUMMY! I actually wish I would have had three of those instead of my meal ... but my meal was pretty good also and so I only had ONE.The Chips were good. The fajitas were good. But the margarita... phenomenal ... I think my next time there will just be a chips and salsa... margarita day...anyone wanna join me?
5	Ok, so this is a corporate, run-of-the-mill, family tex-mex restaurant. But sometimes the experience makes the stars. I was running around, with my 3 month old in the mall, having a pretty hectic day. So I stopped in for a quick bite to eat. All I had was chips and guacamole (two orders actually) and a margarita to calm my nerves. Now the margarita was mostly sugar so 3 stars at best and the guacamole wasn't too bad, but when the diaper needed changing and the baby needed feeding, the server was cool. After changing, I returned to a table of fresh chips and full water. Baby needed feeding, so he grabbed some hot water with a smile. I think I just got that genuine happiness that is tough to come by in restaurants, especially a customer with a stroller and a baby. So, because of the great attitude I got I had to give this place a five star rating.
2	Just now getting to this review from this place I went to couple months back.  Note: Not really big fan of Fresh Mex /Tex Mex cuisine to begin with.  Anyways the last time I ate at a Chevys was years ago when I was in Cali for Happy Hour. Even then it  reminded me of frozen Mexi dinners. I ended up here  because it was the only restaurant that wasn't as busy unlike the mall food court which was full and so was other restaurant that was across this place.  I was greeted  & seated right away but it took about 10 minutes before a server showed up at my table to take my drink order.  My drink from the bar showed up in no time, but not my waiter...where the heck was she??  The place was not busy at all, especially the tables in her area (there were 3 other tables) I waited another FIFTEEN minutes and was thinking of taking off and just paying for my drink when she showed up finally.  Well  it took another 15 minutes from when she took my order till the food was dropped on my table...literally.  Server mumbled the order plopped it on my table and dashed off pretty much.  I took a double take on what was just served and Im saying to myself, "Un effin believable, what's that on my plate??" You know picture happy me took a pic and posted it on my other social media page and even my friends commented and had the same reaction as I did.  The presentation was the worse Ive ever seen, looked like a mish mash  of....food I guess, just thrown together at the last minute.  To be fair, it was edible and the flavors of the sherry chipotle sauce complemented the Shrimp Tomatillo dish.  Well now I remember why I avoid Chevys, the  food is nothing to write home  about and neither is the service apparently.   Thank goodness for my margarita, now that was good!  It saved that dinner experience.  No wonder why my friends that go here have drinks first.  You cant be sober eating the food here. I gave an additional star only because of the drink.
3	Two issues: The El Machino tortilla station was devoid of people and the salsa was way spicier than I recall in any CA Chevy's. It was so spicy that this white boy was sweating through the cheap paper napkins (5) that this place provides. Another free birthday meal and chicken fajitas were the choice. Chicken was sliced too thin,  but had no trace of the promised spices and chilies. It was just grilled chicken with plenty of onions and peppers and the usual condiments. Still, a solid safe choice for a chain, but not sure why every waiter in the bar was gay. Nothing wrong with that, but both my waiter and my chip and salsa guy were on the other team and that was a bit unusual. Also, I know it's a Mexican chain, but we are in America and nobody really needs to listen to full-on Mexican tunes during dinner. IF i want the full experience, I will just go the east side of Vegas and find some taco joint with bars on the windows.
4	We've been here twice now.  Both times my wife ordered pork and cheese enchiladas and I ordered the steak tacos.  Both were perfectly seasoned, perfectly done, fresh and delicious.  Excellent, fresh, high-quality ingredients!I think this place gets a bad rap because it's a chain in a mall.  Despite that, this is excellent food! The salsa is the best we've ever had and the chips come out warm.  The salsa is incredible!  It's fresh and has delicious smoked peppers.  My wife doesn't even usually eat salsa, but neither of us can stop eating it.Also, this is probably the only place I've been that gets the black beans right.  I love black beans and prefer them to pinto beans when I can get them done right, but most places undercook them; a lot of places just don't seem to understand that black beans take longer to cook than regular pinto beans.  Here, they are properly cooked.I've had mixed experiences with the margaritas.  The first time they were perfect, but the second time they had too much ice and tasted watery.  As a former bartender at a locals joint in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where I made probably 200-300 frozen margaritas a night, I can tell you that the secret to a good margarita is all in the sour mix -- It has to be right, be fresh, and in the right proportion.  Few places get frozen margaritas right consistently, so I can forgive Chevy's getting it wrong one time.  When it comes to margaritas, forget all the hooey about fancy tequila brands, it's all about the quality of the sour mix and proper proportioning.Service at Chevys has been decent.  Usually pretty young, inexperienced kids, but nice enough.  The experience is a little mall-ish, with kids and young military couples, but the food makes up for it.  Really, it's the only good reason we have to go to the mall!
3	They don't skimp on the chips and salsa, they keep it coming. I ordered a combo with a desert. The taco, was good, the enchilada, was ok. I loved the rice and beans! That fried ice cream stuff......They can keep it. My husband got a combo as well, but he also got that thing called a tamale! What the heck is the mushy stuff? It was horrible! I think I will just stick to the taco rice and beans next time.
5	Been to this location three times and haven't had any significant problems so far. Chevy's has the best chips and salsa i've ever tasted and the food is delicious. Only complaint is that the restrooms don't have sensored towel dispensers. Not cool man.
3	My mother loves this place.  She's 71.  'Nuff said.  But seriously, this place is okay.  I don't mind eating here when my mother asks me for it, but I highly doubt I would come here of my own free will.  Although the food is okay, it's not something I'll crave on a regular basis.  Still, good eats with mama is always nice.When we eat here my mother raves about their chile relleno.  I'm more in to the whole fresh chips and salsa (which is free) with an order of queso fundido.  I also stick to the pork tacos with their hot salsa.  That's always fine.Not bad for an uber-Mexican themed restaurant.
5	BEST SALSA + CHIPS in Vegas and CHIPS anywhere I have been in the world. I usually make myself sick on chips + salsa because they are addicting. Their chips are the thinnest you will ever try.Now the food............. Basically edible but not bad but not good barely too enjoyable.I have been here 40+ times for chips + salsa and have tried the entire menu for the most part. There is a fajita salad which is not bad if you hold the dressing and just put more SALSA on it, The other thing which is a good value and pretty tasty is the mixed grill fajitas. And the Corn Cake appetizer. I advise do not try anything else besides these items unless you want to be disappointed. But the chips + salsa make up for everything.
4	I had been here once before years ago so this was like my first trip. I received some great coupons in the mail and decided to try it out with my babe. Atmosphere was great! We both got the E-3 (not valid with the coupon but still a great price at $11.99) deal which is the appetizer, Entree and dessert. I started the meal with their homemade Tortilla soup which was delish! Second course was their mini chicken fajita dinner with rice and beans which wasn't all that mini in my opinion. Topped it off with a mini fried ice cream which was amazing and again not all that mini. The tortillas that came with the fajitas were made fresh and hot right there so that was a HUGE plus and the never ending chips and salsa didn't hurt either. I will definitely be back. We paid less than $40 for two three course meals, drinks and the tip for the amazing food and excellent service!
3	Food was good but service was poor. Management needs to hire better service people, I been here twices thinking the first time I got unlucky with the server but that is what you get everytime you go here.Or Maybe the need a new MANAGER.Also is very expense.
3	I love their chips and salsa.I used to really like their food. I pretty much always get the same thing...Crispy Chicken taco and Chicken Flautas combo with black beans. Well I think they changed their recipes...the black beans were still good but were very soupy and the flautas were very bland, the taco was okay. The corn cake you get with your entree is still delish. My husband got a 3 course combo, the soup was bland...we kept adding hot sauce. I didn't taste his meal, he said it was okay but was missing spices. His combo came with a dessert, we got the fried ice cream...it was small and just mehh. Staff is always great. They occasionally forget something we ordered but they make up for it.  I'll def go back for my beloved chips and salsa...another meal is still in the cards. Stay tuned...
4	Been back a couple times since last review.  Margaritas were perfect both times.  Watermelon margaritas are unstoppable!  Chile relleno was a little bland and soupy, but the rest of the menu was terrific as usual.
4	Oh Chevys, how I have missed you since your departure from the shores of north lake, Woodbridge in irvine, ca. But here you are again, of all places, galleria mall in Henderson. Why is Chevys so awesome? First, the chips. They're fried from really thin pieces of tortilla making them extra crispy and light tasting. Next, they have great, fresh salsa, complimentary with the chips. I love their crispy shell tacos, although I wish they had a shredded beef option instead of their ground beef. You can get a combo plate for less than 15 bucks and it comes with your choice of enchilada, chile relleno, or even another taco (my choice). The plate also has sides of sweet corn cake, beans, and rice. They also have a seasonal lemonade, my favorite has been the watermelon. I have tried their flan and fried ice cream, both very delicious as well.The service is usually good, however I have had one moron tell me I couldn't get a booth because the section was closed - it was full and had a couple servers walking through it. It's great for kids, as I can speak from my own childhood in Irvine, and you are definitely depriving them if you don't take them here. They'll even do a birthday song for you and I think some small dessert.I don't believe I have seen any souvenir Chevy's bucket sombreros that I recall from a while back, wtf?
5	Best tacos in vegas area! Their little scoop of sweet corn masa (OR WHATEVER IT IS..LOL) is amazing and addicting. Always great service and never a bad bite.
4	Ack, a trip to the mall at the opposite end of town from where I live.  Ok, here we go.At first we were supposed to eat at Red Robin which was crazy busy.  The "Two Kids Eat Free w/One Adult Entree" caught my eye at this place and goody goody, there was no line.  It was a beautiful 70 degrees outside so we decided to eat on their patio.  I love to dine outside.  It's a little luxury of mine and makes feel like l'm in a cafe in a foreign country.  We were seated within 5 minutes.  The patio was nicely decorated with plants, vines and flowers.  We had little finches hopping around here and there.  The food was good, not great, but good.  The chips and salsa, however, were excellent.  I think the salsa was my favorite part of my entire meal.  (Good salsa is hard to come by.)  I believe they must roast their tomatoes because it had that smokey flavor to it and some charred pieces.  We ordered:The Laredo--soft/crunchy chicken taco, chicken tamale, chicken enchilada, beef enchilada.  (I went with the soft chicken taco.)  It came with a side of some sweet corn ball of something (I can't remember what it's called, obviously).  Everything was ok.  I enjoyed the soft chicken taco best.Nachos (5 pieces)--half chicken and half steak.  Hubby and kid liked it.Kids meal--one crunchy and one soft chicken taco with a side of grilled veggies and fresh fruit.  The kids preferred the soft taco and ate all their veggies and fruit.The kid's meal comes with desert, ice cream or jello.  I had a taste of the ice cream and wished my meal came with it.  (Does being a kid at heart count?)  The cone was like a deep fried tortilla or something with cinnamon sprinkled on it topped with vanilla.  I usually don't care for vanilla (a bit too boring/bland for my taste).  But they put magic into this one!  It was so good.The kids meal options also had beans and cheese burritos, hamburgers and chicken fingers, I think, with your choice of 2 sides (fresh fruit, grilled veggies, french fries, and that sweet corn thingy).And true to their word, the kids ate for free.  I would definitely come back here when I venture down to this mall, if not to eat a meal, then at least for the chips and salsa!
5	I love this place!! Really good food and great service. Every time we are in Vegas we make the drive to Henderson and eat at Chevy's!
3	Great salsa & chips and many specials which change often. Happy Hour prices are awesome and include flavored margaritas. Food quality and service vary, and the atmosphere can be festive. Try the seafood enchilada and fish tacos. Great spot for taking a break from shopping!Happy Hour has been expanded to 2-8 every day. Call to confirm.
3	Hmmm . . . The quality seems to be diminishing at Chevy's.  Can't exactly describe it, but the "Fresh Mex" just hasn't seemed as fresh lately.  Too bad, as they used to be terrific.  Hard to describe what exactly it was.  Seemed like the beans were a little older, like they'd been overnight in the fridge.  The meat was a little drier and bouncier than it used to be.  The food just didn't taste as . . . well . . .. "fresh" as it used to.Even their formerly amazing salsa had a bitter aftertaste that it didn't used to have.Worst of all, last two times we stopped in they'd stopped making watermelon margaritas for the season.  They're still pretty good, but we really hope they'll get back to the food quality they had last spring.  Chevy's used to be one of our favorite feeds, but if Chevy's doesn't  get their act together pretty quick we may have to give up on 'em and move on.
4	I think Chevy's is undergoing a revamp. New menu's, new menu items, etc. Thankfully they didn't touch their chips and salsa which I am such a fan of.The food was much better than the last time I was there. And the prices haven't changed much. I got my usual 2 item combo with a Crispy Chicken Taco and Chicken Flautas. Doug got the Steak Fajitas. Both of our entrees were delicious. Our cute waitress was friendly and helpful. The manager was sure to greet us as well and ensure we were having a good experience.I belong to their birthday club, so I had a coupon for a free entree. After our meal they surprised me with a song, yummy dessert sundae, and an awesome sombrero. I could feel myself blush but it was great, I haven't had a birthday song in a restaurant for years.
2	So here's the breakdown:Service: Average. We sat with empty drinks and an empty chip basket for longer than I'd like. Food: I had fish tacos (I get them at so many places that I can get a feel for a place just from the tacos!). The tacos were large and filled with tasty things. The fish was salmon, which I've never encountered in a fish taco before, but it was good. Rice and black beans were tasty. This probably would have gotten another star had it not been for Boyfriend's food. He got the "Grande Chimichanga". First off, not so grande. His words: "it was a greasy tortilla filled with badly seasoned ground beef." He said he would have been better off at Taco Bell. Ouch. Now, never in the 5+ years of our relationship have I seen him stop eating a meal before he was full. Today, that changed. He left probably a quarter of the chimichanga on the plate; he said it was just too bad to finish. Frankly, I'm still a bit shocked. The lesson: "You're better off at Taco Bell."
3	For a "chain" mex joint the food is good.  We only sit at the bar so our service is great.  Draft Dos XX  is always welcomed and the fresh tortilla's are great.
4	Talk about a Mexican Fiesta!  This was a great place to quench our thirst after a couple of hours of shopping.  That's exactly what we did yesterday.  The place is located in the Galleria mall, although there is an entrance/exit and outside seating that could be accessed independently and not by going into the mall first.  When we entered to get seated, we asked the first desk representative if they had a happy hour and she said only on Tuesdays.  C'MON!  They gotta step up their game.  Who has a happy hour ONLY on one day a week.  That's no bueno, but definitely didn't stop us.  The place was literally a Mexican cantina.  Bright colors everywhere, wood finishes, sombreros, and other Latin decor.  I felt as if we were taken to the streets of Cabo San Lucas.  Our server was very nice, but was super slow.  Didn't necessarily drink our table right away, but did bring a lot of chips and salsa throughout our visit, which made up for it.  Today we got a couple of rounds of Coronas, Cadillac Marguaritas and a plate of the Original Fajita Nachos.  They all came to about $37 minus the tip.  The Coronas obviously tasted like Coronas and although I didn't try the Margs, it looked really refreshing.  The Fajita Nachos were bomb!  Each chip came with chicken (you can always choose steak instead) and melted jack cheese.  There was about 20-25 topped chips around a huge platter.  In the middle of the platter there was guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and a few slices of jalapenos. The combination was great.  The chicken was seasoned nicely and I loved how they prepared each chip and made them ready for the other toppings.  Super convenient and very flavorfulDefinitely a place you've got to visit at one point.  The food is good and the service is good.  After a day of shopping, come by and check these guys out.
2	Well, we were trying to find "cheese dip" in Vegas.  Some kind of Tex-Mex.  We found it.  Let me tell you, that was the best thing about this place.  The cheese dip was actually pretty good and a very ample serving.  Chips were thin, crispy and not too salty.  We really liked it until the entrees came.  Ugh!!  Pork tamales tasted like they dropped the salt shaker in them.  Pork taco was cold and pretty light on the meat.  The cheese enchiladas were, um, cheesy.  That's about it.  Not much taste at all.  Refried beans were smoky and not horrible.  But the rice, was the worst Mexican/Spanish rice I have ever put in my mouth.  Terrible!!  The only reason this place doesn't get one star is because our server, Boone, was awesome.  It's not his fault the food stank.  I would not go there again, unless I was just wanting cheese dip and no entrees.  If you're looking for Mexican OR Tex-Mex, you can do a LOT better.
1	Food was cold service sucked
4	absolutely in love with their crab and shrimp enchilada, creamy and spicy! their salsa and chips are very good as well. I also had their mango lemonade which was more sweet than... sour lemonade tasting. Which isn't a bad thing to me.
1	Most forgetful server ever! It must have been his first night ever.... he forgot the extra plate, the extra side, chips n salsa, and most bothersome....... our drinks!!!!!! We were eating our meals and our drinks had still not arrived. And our food was spicy so we were in dire need of a drink.... then at the end he brings the bill and forgets to add the coupon we already gave him.
1	Ate lunch there yesterday.  Prices are out of sight for this ole Texas boy.  Back home lunch usually costs us about $15 and we can hardly walk from being so full.  Here the bill was $27 and only one of us had a coke with lunch.   Meat was tough and had no favor what so ever.  Wife's platter was a little better but not up to Texas standards.If you're going to call yourself a "Tex-Mex" resturant you ought to know about real Tex-Mex food.  Service wasn't up to standard either.  Had to ask for more chips and salsa and didn't get a two coke until he delivered the bill.  He had walked past our table more than twice while my glass was empty.  I will stay home next time I'm in the mood for Tex-Mex and make it myself.
1	Guacamole is made at the table half assed server is rushed and unpleasant. If  I wanted shitty guacamole I could of made it at home for alot cheaper very disappointed I will never go back and it was super expensive for shitty guacamole
5	I have always loved Chevy's, they have THE BEST fresh tortillas! I usually order the Chicken Fajitas and have never been disappointed. This location is no different. I sat in the bar today and had great service during a busy Saturday lunch. I live over in Summerlin so this isn't the most convenient location, but it's the only one in the valley and it's worth the trip.
3	This was the only Chevy's in the state of Nevada located in the Galleria Mall in Henderson.  I haven't been to a Chevy's in over 5 years because they haven't been around where I have lived.We went for Happy Hour in the Cantina.  The appetizers were discounted, but not cheap.  We started with the $3.99 Margaritas.Then we ordered the Original Fajita Nachos and the Border Wings.  The appetizers came within minutes of each other.The Original Fajita Nachos were individual tortilla chips with a layer of refried beans topped with chopped steak and cheddar.  There was also a side of guacamole and sour cream.  They were so good that we ordered another one.We ordered the spicy wing sauce on the side on the Border Wings.  There were 10 crisp wings served with a side of Ranch.I asked the server if I could use a Military discount for Happy Hour.  He asked the manager and gave us the discount.  We will be back.
4	We went on a Sunday afternoon for appetizers and margaritas. The food was great, the margaritas were expensive but yummy. Our waiter was very fast and friendly! And best of all, free chips and salsa!
4	Really good guacamole, citrus kicked taco good. Highly recommend the coconut pineapple margarita.
3	Food was great. Salsa was really good. The only thing I didn't care much for is their prices. I think they should be a tad lower. The service was decent, but our waiter could have been a little more attentive. He was nice, though.
4	Chips and salsa are always great, staff is friendly, coupons are always coming through my email, margaritas are delicious.
5	Just got a free entree coupon for my kiddo's half-birthday. Seriously? Who else celebrates your half-birthday?? Join their Compadres Club and reap the same rewards. Now we have another good (enough) reason to go have a margarita. Thanks Chevy's!
3	The three stars is due to the wait, 20 minutes on a Monday night at 730? I don't think so. And they only had a tiny portion of the restaurant open so there were tables everywhere that couldve been filled. Most of the staff, while friendly, made apparent how much they hated their jobs. The manager ran around picking up and cleaning in a frenzy, everyone else rolling their eyes as they went. But SUPER friendly when talking with you. So I commend this place for the friendly service. For food I got the fajita nachos. Very very good. Individual nachos are made so that you're definitely getting your money's worth on each chip. They skimped bad on the spur cream and it took 10 minutes to get a side of sour cream so the second half of my nachos were cold by the time it came around. Dessert-- ordered fried ice cream. 5 minutes later, queue waitress not holding my fried ice cream but instead informing us they "ran out".... Uh what? Nice staff, pretty good food. but not prepared for even twenty customers total at one time... Not cool.
1	Poor customer service. Sat at our table for an hour waiting for our order. Ended up getting up and leaving. The manager didnt even apologize when I told him we were leaving. I handed him a $5 bill for the softdrinks I had ordered... I was surprised he actually took the money! It was an opportunity for him to make it up to an unsatisfied customer and he dropped the ball. Too bad because I really like their shrimp fajitas! I definitely will not go back and will make sure everyone I know does not go there!
5	My family of six and I celebrated a grandson's birthday and Chevys was his choice for tonight's dinner. Everything was perfect,  the food was great, came out of the kitchen hot and fresh.  Maria, our waitress stayed with us and made sure that we were well taken care of. I love this place.!  They have to best chips and salsa anywhere.
5	This place is highly underrated. Only location in LV. The service is consistently good and for people watching I give it an A++. Have a  free meal in your b-day or if you're holiday shopping and need a cool drink have a "Cadillac" margarita.
2	Lacking customer service and the kids menu, is quite sad. Bar service was very good, but the time I went there were only 3 people, so as expected. I have gone several times because of the location. Every time is just average. When you get the bill and say really? It's not the best dining experience.
4	I agree that this place is underrated. it is in Henderson inside of a mall but don't get it twisted this place has some of the best Mexican food around. They make you fresh tortillas and I also love their chips. today we had the mix grill fajita plate and oh mahi goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly. Usually food of this cuisine tend to over cook  the seafood and steak items. A+ I ordered a drink but the waitress totally forgot about it and it was way to sweet. Only reason for 4 stars
2	I am disappointed after tonight. We were seated quickly, the place was not busy.My guy asks what kinds of Tequila they have (he hasn't been here) and the waitress snottily says, "We're a Mexican restaurant, reallyyyyy...?"RUDE. You couldn't have told him a few of your best sellers, or any recommendations? Our waitress took our (alcoholic) drink order, but didn't come back with any waters. We were then approached by 2 separate servers trying to take our drink/food order. A few weeks ago, I was here with a girlfriend (DEC 27,2013). Their fresh fish tacos are done with Tilapia (gross to me) and last time I was able to switch it out with their Mahi.By the time our waitress got us our drinks from the bar, we had gotten our waters. We asked our original waitress for lemon slices when she was ready for our food order.I asked for the fish tacos, with the Mahi. She said that there might be a up-charge (there wasn't last time) but I told her that was fine. I didn't recall what my guy had, but it was a combination plate with floutas, a Chile rellaneno (I know I am completely butchering this spelling wise, sorry) and a chimmechanga.After taking our orders, and our menus, the waitress comes from the back and tells me that her "manager said no to the Mahi." I grabbed another menu and ordered the Mesquite chicken tacos.Still no lemon wedges. She walks around the restaurant. We ask another waiter, who Finishes cleaning a few tables, putting dishes away, and still gets us our lemons before she does. Ugh.Our food comes, and it's good. I prefer their kickin chicken tacos, but those were discontinued, I guess. We asked for some sour cream, which they will charge you $1.30 for. Annoying, but whatever.While we were eating, we saw the manager walking around, and usually, a manager will ALWAYS at least greet us and ask how our food was. This guy didn't.... Our waitress had no problem just kind of yanking our plates out of the way. It must have been a bad night for her.Meh. It makes me sad to write this review. Food was good, but service and management are not on the same length.
3	My favorite part of Chevy's is the chips and salsa, which is why I am giving this 3 stars.  The Chips and Salsa are very good.  Chips almost always come out hot and fresh, and the salsa has a very good flavor to it.  I love salsa though, and it always bugs me when these places bring you a bowl of chips and a little tiny bowl of salsa which is what happens at Chevy's.  I get about 10 chips in, and already need more salsa.  The food is 'OK' here.  I don't think I have ever had a bad experience, but at the same time I have gotten the same foods several other places that were better.  The simple cheese enchiladas just don't have the same great flavor I wish them to have, the enchilada sauce is a little plain, or they don't put enough on it.  Burritos are pretty huge, but I honestly have not tried one myself.  Others I have eaten with ordered burritos and said they were good, but until I have one, I cannot say for sure.  Prices are a bit spendy here too.  I think most combination plates are about 10% higher than they should be.  They try to make it look like it's worth the cost by bringing your food out on this huge plate, but really most of the plate is filled with decoration and empty space is left all over.  If you like to drink, they have a good selection of beers, wines, margaritas or whatever, but since I do not drink I cannot comment on the quality or price.  This location is in the MALL, so it can be convenient if shopping in the area, but can also cause the place to be louder if that is something that would bother people.  If I have the option, I will save my money and go to El Torito instead.
4	WOW, for a happy hour this place is amazing.  From 3pm to 7pm, you would think, THIS PLACE REALLY????The staff in the bar area are amazing.  The level of customer service you get from them makes you feel like you are in a 5 STAR restaurant.  The drinks, the appetizers are so good and reasonable for the price they charge, you will not find a better place in the valley then this place.We have been here a few times to eat without enjoying the happy hour and the food was good.  We only had one bad experience with a manager there when we wanted to order something we were paying for and asking for it to be made the way we desired.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place for anytime, but if you have the opportunity to come here for Happy Hour, take advantage of the opportunity and enjoy.
1	Good food, HORRIBLE service. You can get both in other places...
4	I had the fajita combo and found it to be better than I was expecting.  The ingredients were fresh and hot off the grill.  Our first waitress was great! We had a 2 year old with us and he was being kinda fussy so without asking she brought him some things to color.  Then her shift must have ended because it seemed like we were forgotten about with our drinks not being refilled and the check taking forever so when you go don't be in a hurry.
3	Food was good. Nothing special. On the same level as chilis. We were at the mall so figured we'd eat. Expectations were low because we didn't plan on an exceptional meal, but the food met expectations. The service was awesome and timely.
5	I absolutely love Mexican food.  Both the Commercial Mexican, and Authenticate Mexican. Chevy's is as good as it gets for Commercial Mexican.  I took my parents here last week, and they said it was the best Mexican they ever had. (They're not into Authentic Mexican).Service was great, food was even better.  I would definitely come here again
1	Chimi had ground beef instead of shredded beef, crab quesadilla had no flavor, corn and Mac and cheese floating at the bottom of my water glass.  Told manager and he wanted to argue about how the beef was high quality and tastes good.  no apology, no offer to compensate, nothing.  Came here for my birthday dinner, crappy way to end my day.
5	Love the flautas, chips and salsa which we can never get enough of, and the rice and beans are delicious :) you can share the combo platter between 2-5 different items between 2 people for about $20. A staple Mexican restaurant.
4	I love this place for lunch they got the best liunch specials, the bar tender is the nicest guy. Good Food Good Service
5	I have come here at least once a week with my bf and order what we like. I rly like being healthy ordering a Chopped salad and Tortola soup as a pic 2and bc of work we come at lunch time. Good prices and wonderful chips. They know us now so it's a wonderful company. They are also quick on their feet :) good job
4	Janette has suggested some wonderful choices for my lovely wife and I. The food is fresh and the service is great.
5	Wife and I stopped for lunch; food was great, our server Venancio was very attentive and friendly, service was fast did not have to wait long, ambiance, very relaxed and friendly.  Manager visited our table which we appreciated.  Will definitely be back!, food and service have improved greatly. DK
2	Perhaps the new Mexican restaurant we have been going to in the SW (I reviewed them twice if you are wondering who I am talking about) has totally ruined me for other Mexican restaurants, but this place was really underwhelming. I was craving a quesadilla, and we were at the mall, so it seemed simple enough, head on over to Chevys. I have been here a handful of times, and remember it being fine, so I thought why not? To start the chips and salsa were pretty good. Only complaint there is that they don't give you very many at a time, and then you have to wait for them to come and refill multiple times (if you are munching a lot, like we were) so it is slightly irritating but not that big of a deal.Hubby and I decided to both get quesadillas, me - Cheese, his - Steak. We didn't really pay much attention to the menu (I regretted that later) and just ordered. When they arrived, I was pretty disappointed as they were very small, and plated next to sad brown looking guacamole and sour creme sitting on wilted lettuce....not a great presentation for sure. However the most disappointing was the taste, it was just not yummy. I can't even put my finger on why really...the cheese?? the weird peppers?? I'm not really sure, but I have had quesadillas at a million Mexican restaurants and these were terrible when compared to those. They were very much like the pre-made quesadillas you see sitting out a buffet...just ick. I could only make it through half, hubby ate all his, but definitely didn't enjoy it.The worst part was when we got the bill, my quesadilla was over $10 and his was $12....ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? I know it was our fault for not paying attention to the prices on the menu, but ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? Those are the lunch prices for those teeny, tiny things?!?! They were both made on the smaller soft taco size tortillas, folded over, so smaller than any quesadilla I have ever had at any other restaurant and $2-$4 MORE. SERIOUSLY disappointing. When the waiter came and took my plate, he asked if I wanted a box for the rest, I said no, and he didn't seem to notice or care to ask why I only ate such a small portion of the smallest quesadillas ever. Anyway, not planning on ever going back. I am still irritated about the whole experience several hours later. Food was 1 star for sure, extra star for decent service.
1	Awful!! Never again!! I've been up all night puking because of this place!!! And this isn't the first time! I thought I would give this place another try. NEVER AGAIN!
4	One of the better Chevys I have been to. Was hard to find, as it is in the Galleria mall, and due to construction, there is currently no outside signage to lead you to their entrance.We went during lunch service. Our server was friendly, attentive, with a touch of humor. LIked that.We had the chicken and the steak fajitas, both cooked to perfection. Food was served hot as were the sides. No complaints here, we enjoyed our meal and margaritas. We left with full tummies and smiling faces!
1	Had not been to Chevy's in quite awhile and was very disappointed on this visit.  When my family entered we were told that there was a 20 minute wait but a full third of the tables were empty.  When questioned the hostess told us that she could seat us but nobody would be available to wait on us for at least 20 minutes.  After we were seated we were disappointed by the reduced menu.  Our server did not get our order right and everything took an incredibly long time even though the restaurant was not very busy.  Will not waste our time waiting again.
1	Good food ruined by a game-playing waitress.  I could tell she was irritated that we didn't order margaritas or appetizers.  When the four of us (me and three kids) ordered two fajitas to share, I guess it really pissed her off.   We've been going to this Chevy's for over ten years, and always order the same thing.  Today, it angered a new waitress. When the food came, the chicken fajitas were ok, but the Mixed Grill meats were much tinier than usual and the "steak" looked dried out.  The waitress brought one bag of 3 tortillas, old, hard, stuck together and folder over in the bag,then walked off.  I asked to see a manager and out comes the "kitchen manager" - yeah, the guy who slighted us on the portions, who explained that fajitas (which are over $18) are for one person.  BUT he agreed to bring more meat out.  He brought out a bit more of the carnitas only.  A different waiter brought the check.  If this is how they intend to treat their good customers, that is their right.  It is my right to go to another restaurant. It's not like we're cheapskates.  The bill for lunch for 4 was almost $60.  Never again.
5	Terrific Margaritas and you have to ask for Antonio! Best Server! He knows the menu, checks I with you regularly and can change up any menu item to be exactly what you want. Vinnie is a great Bartender and pours up some spectacular concoctions from the drink menu. We'll definitely be  back. Great food and great evening!
5	Mmmmmm crab and shrimp quesadilla, specialty margaritas with Patron and a fresh orange. Mmmmmm Vincent and Antonio......I mean; you guys ROCK! Best service, great bartender, happiness! Lots of laughs! Happy Birthday Beth!!! We'll be back next weekend to do it again!
