1	The space is over done & tacky.  We tried the Kobe Nachos.  Bad idea.  In my opinion a real waste of Kobe.  They were bland for the most part, the cheese sauce terribly under seasoned & the cardamon sour cream could have knocked you out with it's overwhelming flavor.  However, you could tell that they were using fresh, fine ingredients---just not properly executed overall.However, the wine & cocktails were just fineWe did return a few months later &  we had the worst slow, slow, slow service.  It was dead in there.  Food was overpriced & nothing special.  Goodbye Vox!
5	I came here with a group of 5 people and we sat in a very comfortable room for cocktails away from the main dining room and bar. We ordered a bottle of tchxolina (sp?) and an order of sorbet. Our bill came to $44 and we sat for about an hour chit chatting.Totally worth our bill. A live band came on at 10pm (it was a Saturday night) and the music was piped throughout the lounge. There seems to be an outdoor seating area too that has the potential for a rendezvous. I've been looking for a local place near Seven Hills that's got a bit of class and verve. This is it.I'll definitely be back.
4	This new wine lounge serves tapas-style cuisine in an upscale setting.  I recently had dinner here and especially enjoyed the Hawaiian Ahi Au Poivre and Sea Bass Wellington plates. I would change the bread and the mac n cheese recipe.  The service was good throughout and the waiter sold us on dessert by describing the pastry chef as a rock star.  That said, the caramel pear was very good.  I will go back to try the wine/cocktail lounge off the main dining room.   The bar set up appears to remain the same as when the restaurant was Chicago's Own.  I dont find the bar inviting; however, it will probably be popular with the younger set.
4	The chef is Dustin Valette. He used to work at Aqua in S.F., which is one of the best restaurants in S.F. I'll finish later...
4	Great place. Loved all the wine, and the company was great. Very nice and relaxing setting, inside and out, and I loved all the fireplaces. The lounge chairs in the wine lounge area were nice too, Only I would fall asleep if I sat there for to long. Didnt try the food, but the menu looked really good, and from what others were saying, everything was good. The chef, David seemed very knowledgeable and creative. This was my first Yelp event, and I will be attending more for sure.  It was nice meeting all you follow Yelpers, and I hope to see you all again soon. I had a great time.PS. thanks for having us Carl.
4	I had to think about this review for a while ....Four and 1/2 stars for the ambiance created in the VOX lounge.Five stars for the Crab Cakes ......Three stars for the first glass of champange of the night being spilled on us.Three stars for being out of  Reisling on a wine lounge night .....Thanks to Carl for hosting an outstanding group of people for a quality Yelp event. He really did  great job ....It was great to meet everyone and pick up some great  ideas for places to eat in Las Vegas.VOX is an interesting concept from the EDGE group. There are areas of the lounge that should appeal to everyone. VOX has it all, from a video poker bar to a well crafted dining room and a delightful wine lounge complete with fireplace.The wine lounge reminded me of the King Louie Room above Andre's in the Monte Carlo Casino. Both are quality rooms ...Other than the excellent company, the highlight of the evening was a private presentation by the sous chef of his concept for Crab Cakes. Maryland crabbers could not have made these cakes any finer than what we experienced. He has developed a  combination of lightly battered crab cakes sitting on a bed of Kimchi and Edamamae beans. Definitely an odd combination, but an excellent blending of mouthwatering flavors.The people in the dining room were treated to an outstanding duo presenting soft "live Music." I will definitely be back for those crab cakes and the outstanding atmosphere for one of those "special" occasions.
2	i really didn't care for vox at all.  perhaps, because i completely dig firefly.  for one...it is way overpriced.  i'm usually okay with paying any amount for good...as long as it's good!  i know it's tapas...but the servings were ridiculously small.  the band was pretty cool the night i was there...but the atmosphere is weird to me.  the funishing seemed like it would be better suited for a ballroom.  it all just seemed kind of bootleg.then i was super irritated, because i tipped the server generously...and he ran my card for more!  so...i have don't have plans to go back anytime soon.
3	Sat on the patio forever before we were served.  Our server asked if we had any questions about the menu, and although we said no he spent 15 minutes explaining it to us anyway. Which would have been okay  if I hadn't been dining with two chefs.  But points for knowing so much about the menu. He also talked my friend out of his wine choices, twice.  He should have tried to talk me out of mine, because the Malbec I ordered was practically vinegar. Note to self.... do not order Malbec by the glass in an establishment that is not even 20% full at 10 PM on a Thursday. The food was hit and miss. The duck confit salad was a definte hit.  the Oysters on the Half Shell with Champagne and Caviar were also outstanding. At three bucks a pop I should have just dropped a $160 on them and called it a night.  Misses... the Macaroni and Cheese. Very high school cafeteria.  The warm hummus wrapped in a fried pita was bad. Just an all around bad idea. I sent it back.  My coffee crusted ribeye was perfectly cooked, but average. And the Dungeness Crab Cakes were pretty good. The restaurant itself is very nice. They have a gorgeous lounge, with a fire place and huge overstuffed lounge chairs. The patio is  lovely.Vox wasn't bad, I think I just had higher expectations. And even though our server was a bit of a show off, he was attentive and nice enough.
4	I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a neighborhood spot to unwind after a long day at work or to cap off a weekend on a Sunday night.  I did the latter recently after a friend asked if I wanted to go check this place out.  The bar is separated from the dining area, and that's where I grabbed a stool.  I can't speak for the wine selection as that's not my drink of choice, but the place is marketed as a wine lounge so I'm sure it's ample.  I had my usual long island and it was made just right.  The bartenders are mostly attractive young ladies, which doesn't hurt.  This place could be a bit more pretentious with the eye candy and atmosphere, but it's really quite friendly and laid back.  Of course this is vegas (technically henderson) which means the bar doubles as a video poker arcade.  Kinda tacky but you can't avoid it in here.There is a nice patio which will be a nice place to eat once the sun goes down or once the summer heat passes.  The bar has plenty of hd screens to keep your eyes occupied.  They like to keep it on MMA on Versus, which is fine with me.  Vox is also a full-on restaurant and as I passed through the dining area, the smell of hot italian food got my stomach going.  I'm going to have to try something on the menu next time, and of course some wine and/or champagne.  Check out Vox.  You won't be disappointed.
2	I really thought I've finally found my after hour hangout place. I went there a few months back and had some what slow service and a long wait on the food, but the flat bread was great. The wine although over priced (us people that work in the industry know) were good and interesting.I must say the server was knowledgeable and friendly and I understood the long wait because it was late and he also had to handle the bar. The dessert, some kind of chocolate moose, took maybe 20 min and came like it spent a long vacation in the freezer (needless to say "don't serve it").Finally tonight, Wednesday July 29 around 10 p.m., my wife and I decide to come in again to give another try. There was no one at the door, which is okay because it's kind of after hour. We walked the entire place and no one seemed to care. The bar had I good crowed and there were 3 tables at the patio. There were 2 bartenders, one cocktail waitress, and a few other people working the empty dining room.We sat at a table on the patio and waited for at least 15 to 20 min. A worker came and picked at the tables and left. The waitress walked right by us and looked at the tables and seemed to remember something and a minute after comes back with a martini to a guest all the way on the corner. As she returned she took a good look at us and just seem to ignore us, so we got up to leave and saw her inside of the bar (not overwhelmed at all, apparently).Of course we just walked out, still no one seemed to care or knew what just happened. You can read all the other comments and you will know there are other people that share my view. I am not a bad person, nor do i have time to write these letters, but the management of Vox is the problem and not this cocktail waitress (which may need glasses). I am in the business and don't like when people write unfair letters, however I am also a consumer and like to be respected and I don't want other people to suffer the same experience. If you can not handle the outside tables after hours, just close that section. If you are out of a dessert, don't send anything out, because people know the difference. And finally I want to thank you, because after I left your place I went to RE TAPAS and had a wonderful dinner with a passionate chef and friendly service. Good news is they are planning to be open after hours too and I might have just found my new hangout.
3	I went to Vox Wine Lounge last night for happy hour with a friend.  We ordered the garlic fries, which I stronly recommend if you don't need to go home to anyone that same evening (sorry Hubby). The wine selection was great and the prices reasonable.  I was disappointed with the overall atmosphere, however.  We were at the bar so I can't speak for the dining area, but it reminded me a lot of Sierra Gold in terms of interior.  With a name like "Vox" for some reason I expected more of an upscale, modern look and less standard bar ambience.  Bottomline?  If you live or work in the Henderson/Green Valley area by all means check it out.   If you live in Summerlin, stick to Sedona or a venue in Boca Park.  Hollah.
1	Are you Joking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If this is local Las Vegas at its best, I'll pass thanks.I ate at Vox on Saturday August 16th at 8:20ish PM and I have to tell you that it was awful. First we were sat in the dining room (all but empty) that clearly didn't fit the concept. It was like they were trying to be country club-ish with the big chairs and all the wood but the service, food, and remainder of the atmosphere didn't fit. To top off the bad vibe they were setting up live music during our entire dinner. This means the lights guy was flashing the test lighting in my wifes face all night. Nothing like a blinding spotlight of varying shades to distract you from your dinner. I would have told the manger but didn't see one the entire evening. The hostess might have warned us about the live music, it's always nice to know when a band is going to warm up during your meal.To the owners: The chairs do not fit the tables. Short chairs make for an uncomfortable dining experience and make you feel like a little kid at the adults table.Service: Not entirely bad, a little slow and not very well coordinated but not terrible. One thing though, don't refer to a man and his wife as ladies and gentlemen. Neither I nor my wife are two people requiring a plural description. Also it should have been your recommendations not your recommends. You have a recommendation not a recommends!!! Other than that not bad. Wine service was normal and proper.Food: Are you Joking?????!!!!Apps: Shrimp Cocktail, Cheese and CharcuterieEntrees: Seared Ahi, New York SteakThe shrimp was pedestrian at best. It wasn't bad but nothing I haven't seen a million times before.The cheese and charcuterie plate was laughable. First there was no actual charcuterie on the plate just some thick cut cured ham. Since no one told us what it was we'll assume it was prosciutto though it could have been serrano, either way it was to thick to enjoy. It was paired with some cheeses that, again, were not explained. There were only two when the server said there were supposed to be three types, all served with stale pre-grilled pita. Tuna wasn't even seared! It looked like there was too much liquid in the pan or the pan they used was not hot enough because the tuna was barely gray i.e. not seared golden brown in a hot pan. The tuna also looked like and tasted like it was frozen ahi and not fresh. The accompanying noodles were fine but pedestrian.The steak was Terrible!!! The New York steak was actually cooked a correct medium rare but it was under seasoned and incredibly dry and flavorless. It simply did not taste like anything at all. It came with over seasoned garlic fries that had 3 dipping sauces. One sauce was BBQ straight out of the bottle (sysco brand probably), one that tasted like ranch with buffalo sauce, and the other was just plain awful.By this time the band was well into testing the instruments 4-5 feet from our table and the lights guy was still unrelenting. We wanted to tell a manager how bad their place was but he wasn't around. Needless to say we left without dessert. The only thing this place has going for it is its decent wine list. I expect more from our local restaurants. There is NO REASON we can't have the same standards (at a minimum) that we have on the strip. If someone actually is serious about their restaurant and heeds this advice they will make plenty of money. For now all we have is a bunch of restaurants owned by business people with no passion for what they do and thus no soul.
1	This is an update to my original post.  I guess the management didn't like an honest review. There were also some other reviews on here that were a little more honest but they were deleted too. Are you Joking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If this is local Las Vegas at its best, I'll pass thanks.I ate at Vox on Saturday August 16th at 8:20ish PM and I have to tell you that it was awful. First we were sat in the dining room (all but empty) that clearly didn't fit the concept. It was like they were trying to be country club-ish with the big chairs and all the wood but the service, food, and remainder of the atmosphere didn't fit. To top off the bad vibe they were setting up live music during our entire dinner. This means the lights guy was flashing the test lighting in my wifes face all night. Nothing like a blinding spotlight of varying shades to distract you from your dinner. I would have told the manger but didn't see one the entire evening. The hostess might have warned us about the live music, it's always nice to know when a band is going to warm up during your meal.To the owners: The chairs do not fit the tables. Short chairs make for an uncomfortable dining experience and make you feel like a little kid at the adults table.Service: Not entirely bad, a little slow and not very well coordinated but not terrible. One thing though, don't refer to a man and his wife as ladies and gentlemen. Neither I nor my wife are two people requiring a plural description. Also it should have been your recommendations not your recommends. You have a recommendation not a recommends!!! Other than that not bad. Wine service was normal and proper.Food: Are you Joking?????!!!!Apps: Shrimp Cocktail, Cheese and CharcuterieEntrees: Seared Ahi, New York SteakThe shrimp was pedestrian at best. It wasn't bad but nothing I haven't seen a million times before.The cheese and charcuterie plate was laughable. First there was no actual charcuterie on the plate just some thick cut cured ham. Since no one told us what it was we'll assume it was prosciutto though it could have been serrano, either way it was to thick to enjoy. It was paired with some cheeses that, again, were not explained. There were only two when the server said there were supposed to be three types, all served with stale pre-grilled pita. Tuna wasn't even seared! It looked like there was too much liquid in the pan or the pan they used was not hot enough because the tuna was barely gray i.e. not seared golden brown in a hot pan. The tuna also looked like and tasted like it was frozen ahi and not fresh. The accompanying noodles were fine but pedestrian.The steak was Terrible!!! The New York steak was actually cooked a correct medium rare but it was under seasoned and incredibly dry and flavorless. It simply did not taste like anything at all. It came with over seasoned garlic fries that had 3 dipping sauces. One sauce was BBQ straight out of the bottle (sysco brand probably), one that tasted like ranch with buffalo sauce, and the other was just plain awful.By this time the band was well into testing the instruments 4-5 feet from our table and the lights guy was still unrelenting. We wanted to tell a manager how bad their place was but he wasn't around. Needless to say we left without dessert. The only thing this place has going for it is its decent wine list. I expect more from our local restaurants. There is NO REASON we can't have the same standards (at a minimum) that we have on the strip. If someone actually is serious about their restaurant and heeds this advice they will make plenty of money. For now all we have is a bunch of restaurants owned by business people with no passion for what they do and thus no soul.
4	People trash VOX a lot, but i have always had a pretty good time here.   I was there on opening night and had a bit of a struggle, but have been back four times and enjoyed everything.The bar is well set up, and they have a well selected wine list.   Their Champagne glass selection is interesting (two proseccos,  a Moscato d'Asti, a Cremant de Loire, and one actual Champagne), and they serve a lot of cool whites and reds BTG too.Everytime I eat, the food is well prepared and good.Not quite a five star experience, but certainly worth the trip.
5	If a Ritz is working/owning a restaurant the food is most definately good.Is Donald Ritz working here? Curious minds want to know.thanks.
3	I had such high expectations for Vox when it was announced and when they made a huge marketing push for it at the big Rock n Roll wine event at Mandalay Bay a few years back.  Henderson had nothing resembling a wine lounge, and I imagined an amazing room filled with fine wines available by the glass and served out of Enomatics.The disappointment upon actually going there was almost immediate after walking in.  The bar area looked like your classic 24 hour Vegas bar like PTs or Timbers, including video poker machines.  OK, this would be acceptable as long as the wine by the glass menu was strong, and it wasn't.I will say that the variety of tapas is good and the food generally is above average.  The wine menu in the restaurant was better, including some nice bottles of Pinot Noir that were very reasonable.In the end, three stars and I can't really imagine going there again for tapas (Firefly is far superior) or wine (now that the Hostile Grape is open in M, it really kicks Vox's you know what).
1	I recently read that Vox has closed.
