2	It's been at least 5 or 6 years since the last time I visited this joint.  I worked at the Eldorado Casino back in the mid 90's and this place use to have decent food......that was back when it was named "Cactus Joe's".  It's really gone downhill since those days.I happened to be in the area and stopped by for lunch with my Mom.  I ordered the Nachos w/o Meat and Mom ordered the Fish & Chips special.After a short wait we were served our food.  I was disappointed to see that the Nachos were Chips, Cheese Whiz, Tomatoes, Onions on a plate with a small bowl of Beans, cup of Guacamole, cup of Salsa, and two packages of Sour Cream on the side......what the ___?  Was I suppose to create this thing myself?  Where did it say that on the menu?  I know why they did it.....to save money.  There's less food waste when you do stuff like that, but seriously?As a fan of Nachos it was a huge letdown.....plus they didn't taste good at all.  The Chips weren't fresh and the flavors were just strange.....unappealing.Mom enjoyed her Fish & Chips, which were really Fish & Fries.  She liked her Fish and I tried a few Fries...they weren't bad.  Maybe I ordered the wrong item?Overall, the service was good and since Mom enjoyed her dish I'm giving this place 2 Stars instead of 1.Will I return?  Someday I probably will for the sake of nostalgia....but I predict it won't happen any time soon.
4	Brought the family here for linner today. My wife and I both ordered the Belly Bomber cheeseburger. A full pound of sirloin beef. My review is pretty much based on the burger alone. Yes this is a very old casino in the older part of Henderson. There's definitely a nostalgic vibe going on here and that's not really a bad thing. I like these smaller and older hole in the wall type places more so then the modern huge casinos.  So the burger comes with fries and all the fixings. Lots of lettuce, tomatoes and onions. Make sure your hungry because this burger is huge. It tastes pretty good, more like a homemade burger. The fries weren't that great but the whole meal is $4.99. I've had other meals here and they have some really good prices with good portions. Another cool thing about this place is it's rarely busy so you'll usually get seated right away. They are a little slow with taking your order and bringing it the food but that's no biggie to me. I enjoy coming here with the family and plan to make this an irregular go to place to eat from time to time.
4	This was my first visit for breakfast.  The Cafe was located in the Eldorado Casino in Henderson, Nevada.We both ordered the Breakfast Casino Special for $1.89 which included 2 eggs, hashbrowns,  sausage or bacon, toast or biscuits and gravy.  The eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns were exactly how I ordered them.We will be back!
4	This was my second visit for breakfast.  The Cafe was located in the Eldorado Casino in Henderson, Nevada.The $1.89 Breakfast Casino Special during the week was such a bargain.  It was fast and inexpensive.
5	One of the best kept secrets in the Vegas Valley. Don't tell anyone! Great food, fast service, low prices, friendly atmosphere, oh and did I mention great food? lol!
3	I was kinda disappointed with the food. I understand $1.89 breakfast can't sustain paying the bills if business is down. We arrived looking forward to our favorite Deuces Wild breakfast but found a fifties themed diner with a whole new menu. We're happy to try something new.  The restaurant is called Mary's Diner. It's cute and thankfully the old servers are still there. Lupe is a doll, has been here for 22 years! So the prices went up, my Skillet was $6.99,which is not a bad price, but I was hoping it would taste good too but it was really bland instead. There is less of a breakfast selection, gone are the old favorites. No substitutions either. Talk about corporate menu unfriendliness. I do hope corporate makes a few tweaks to improve the food. I like the service and the servers here. They've all been here a long time and we would have fun razzing them when they wore a football jersey from an opposing team. That's gone too. :-(
