4	This location is a brand new store that just opened up in the Epicenter. You can get to it by taking an elevator that is right on College St, or you can go through the Bank of America Plaza building (the one with the famous disc out front)--go just past the escalators to the Omni, look left and you'll notice a new set of doors leading to an overstreet walkway.In case anyone hasn't been there, I'll just mention that it's a pretty decent deli. The salad bar is kind of simple, but not a bad option if you are trying to eat your veggies. I like the muffalettas, but if you are not a fan of olives then don't bother. They also have complimentary soft-serve ice cream whether you order the salad bar or not, so that's always a plus (you can even pull a cone while waiting on a to-go order). Ultimately, the more places that open downtown, the better. As much as it pains me to say it, I think more corporate places like Jason's will actually be good for Charlotte. Why? Because they have normal hours like 11am-10pm instead of only being open for a few hours during lunch--a source of frustration for many who live downtown.
2	Coworker brought me to Jason's Deli for lunch today thinking how can you go wrong w/ sandwiches & soupWell, let me tell you...Only veggie sandwich I saw, was a spinach wrap & if you know me, you remember I *loathe* spinach. So that left the veggie soupTasted like Chef Boyardee & for me this is not a good thing. Creamy tomato base, tons of salt combined w/ that long ago prepared taste. Three spoonfuls was all it took before I pushed it off to the side....guess I've been spoiled by SF & its organic, freshly-made-that-day, *homemade* soups Coworker got the Turkey Bacon Club & loved his sandwich but I base this review on my meal.....Sandwich, cup of soup and 1 Soda = $14.....in Charlotte?!Won't be back
3	Quick, friendly and competent. Decent sandwiches and a nice salad bar that has hummas as well as 6 soup options!Not a top shelf deli, but beats fast food handily.
4	Very solid deli food and incredibly nice service to top it off?   Wow, I'm impressed!My wife and I came here to grab a quick lunch.   She opted for the Reuben and I went with some Turkey Pepperjack Panini sandwich.   Now I'm always reluctant with Turkey because it tends to be dry, but I figured worst case scenario, I'll still have a tasty panini sandwich with tomato and avocado.   Well, I needn't have worried.   The turkey was juicy and fresh and there was plenty of it.   My wife scarfed down her Reuben and said it was incredibly good.Best part?   You get complimentary ice cream at the end of the meal!   This place is awesome for a quick and tasty lunch!
4	I am not much of a sandwich girl when I go out but we had Jason's Deli cater us lunch last week and it was a super experience. Our catering plans fell through and they were very accommodating with an order for 70+ people with only a few days notice. We were provided with a box lunch with sandwich, chips, pickle and dessert. I got the roast beef which was meaty and fresh-just like how I like it! It was refreshing to see a chain sandwich place not servicing slimy roast beef (I judge most places by their sliced roast beef) served along a crisp pickle. And don't even get me started on the brownie--it was ooey, gooey and I made a mess with it (a good thing in my book). The only thing that would've made it better was some free ice cream at the end like you get when you walk in but all in all, I was happy with the grub!
4	If there was ever a sure bet, Jason's Deli would be it.  This is my go to lunch accommodations if all else fails.  This is a joint where you order what you want and they bring it out to you after you've sat down (sorta like McAllisters).  My all time favorite sandwich here is 'Bird to the Wise'....yummy!  I don't get it that much because I don't have the capacity to eat it all anymore.  It's a pretty large undertaking for a lunch time meal, I don't know how I use to do it!Here lately I've been hitting this location but there are others around town.  Also they cater and they have always done a fantastic job for me in that regard.
4	Perfect work lunch spot!  The salad bar is extensive and has something for everyone.  The employees change out the items very regularly so you will always have the freshest veggies and won't find items that have run-out.  The kiosks in the back are ideal for skipping the line in the front.  You can process your own lunch order (I use it when I am just getting the salad bar!)  My favorite sandwich here is the Amy's Turkey - O or the Big Joe - you really get your money's worth.  It is one of the few places uptown all of my co-workers and I can agree on for lunch.  YUM!!!
4	Jason's is a good, solid lunch choice. They have a HUGE selection of sandwiches/soups/salads, and the salad bar, which has the usual stuff, and some surprising stuff as well (hummus, anyone? holla!).  Good sandwiches, decent portions, all around good pick.That being said - if you're coming for a weekday lunch, you MUST arrive between 11:20-11:35 to avoid an out-the-door line.  I'm sure it moves pretty quickly, but if you are with a group of 3 or 4 and want to find a seat without stalking someone that is aaaaalmost finished with that last bite of pickle, you gotta get there early.
4	Best Features: Great food and value. Clean. Free ice cream. Friendly staff. Classy-Casual atmosphere.Worst Feature: Kinda hard to find if you don't know where to look for it (or if your from a small town where there are no two-story alleys full of restaurants.
4	On different days I love different things at JD.  Most of the time I love the chicken pot pie soup, the chili, and the salad bar, the meatball pasta dish with garlic bread, but the mediterranean wrap has me on a daily crave.  It's a wheat wrap with turkey, roasted red pepper hummus, cucumbers, olives, greens, tomatoes, and I add mushrooms and sprouts...and only a sweet 320 calories....pricey yes but well worth it........and who can resist free ice cream?
4	When I want to treat myself to a lunch off the beatend path... I sometimes choose this place. So today (after walking around town for 20mins trying to find a spot that i DON'T frequent often) I stopped by Jason's. I usually get the salad bar. Its been a while but  i remember getting a half sandwich and salad:(Half-Sandwich with Side Salad, chips & pickle 7.99) combo. Where they will give u a empty salad container and you fill it up as you like.. (no wieghting scale.. so pile it on. for this special)Today I got the Club Royale Toasted croissant with smoked turkey breast,ham, bacon, Swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato,honey mustard. 6.99Never been here and had a BAD expierence so that's A PLUS all by itself.
5	We have been to Jason's Deli in other cities and never really been impressed but this one impressed us! We had a quick light lunch on a Saturday while touring uptown Charlotte. From the minute we walked in, the staff was very friendly. We split a sandwich and they even put it on 2 plates for us. They reminded us of the complimentary muffins, crackers, pickles and ice cream and the panini sandwich was delicious!
4	If you want a quiet lunch in the city, this is a place to go. Located on the second level of Epicentre, this restaurant serves typical deli food at reasonable prices. Even during the lunch hour, when the restaurant is at its busiest, the food arrives quickly, and it is easy to find a seat. The eating area is well lit, with large windows on one side for views of the city. There are no waiters; rather, you order at the front and your food is brought to you. The only negative experience I've ever had was when my order was marked "to-go" when I wanted to sit down. I sat for 20 minutes before I looked at my receipt and figured it out. In response, I received a personal apology, my food within 5 minutes, and my cash refunded.
4	Walked around for a while and found Jason's deli.  Place was clean and I tried their reuben sandwich today.  I give the Reuben 4 stars for taste.
3	The food was OK.  I ordered the Reuben Sandwich and one of the guys that worked there was making such a big thing about how big the sandwich was and how I would probably have to take half home.  I was so disappointed when it came out.  The sandwich was not as big as he tried to make it seem,.
5	The food is always great here. I typically get the salad bar which is always fresh and with a plethora of choices. In addition to being good, it is also endless so you can enjoy as much as you want. Although the food is good, I am writing the review based on the service. I was in this past Sunday and the manager approached us as he saw us looking at the menu displayed on the wall. He asked if we would like to look at menus in hand which had more description and additional choices. After we ordered, our food was very fast and delivered to our table. I was in town visiting friends so we were taking our time and someone came and cleared our plates for us, not in a rushing way, just so we had more space. After our meal I was catching a flight  back to Boston and was in a rush and left without my purse. (It was a small wristlet sized purse). As soon as we got to the car I panicked, and called them. Sure enough they had found it for me. When I returned to grab it, the manager had locked it up for me in his back office. Everything about my experience here made us feel like we mattered to them and they truly appreciated our business.
5	I have been going to Jason's Deli for years as I love the selection of food, the healthy options, and of course the free soft serve froyo!  However, I had the most INCREDIBLE experience at the Jason's Deli in the Epicenter over and over this past weekend while my family was visiting Charlotte.Each and every time we went in (which was a lot, ha ha) we had excellent customer service.  The workers were so genuinely friendly and helpful, you just got a great atmosphere going in there.  It felt like the workers were treated well there and really liked and enjoyed their job.Gabriel, I believe is either the store manager or a manager, I am not sure.  Talk about going above and beyond!  He is phenomenal!  If any higher ups are reading this review (and I hope you are) the entire store deserves a raise, and Gabriel deserves a promotion.  I don't normally feel so compelled to write a glowing review, and I am definitely not a plant.  In fact, if Gabriel is reading this, I'm sure he remembers the family from LA with the baby boy and the grandma who came in frequently and always had such a wonderful time.
3	Typical Jason's with a wide variety of sandwiches, soups and a big ole salad bar.  This location in the Epicenter does a very brisk lunch business and, based on the number of times I see their lunch spreads outside meeting rooms at work, a brisk catering business as well.I really enjoy the chicken pot pie soup and like you can create your own sandwich should one of the menu versions don't fit your tastes quite right.
4	What a great place for lunch. I can't believe we don't have any of these in California (at least that I know of).  I love that you can get a half sandwich and soup and fresh veggies or fruit on the side.  So many choices of sandwiches to choose from.  The salad bar looked great too.  Everyone gets free mini muffins, and the free ice cream for dessert is a great bonus.  And the staff are super friendly.  What's not to like about this place?
4	I love Jason's Deli, and I try to stop by anytime I can find one.
4	I work uptown nearby and come here fairly frequently (usually before 11:45 since it is pretty busy for lunchtime). I can say I've never had a problem here - the staff and management are very friendly and courteous, and my food usually arrives in good time. I've never gotten a bad meal at this location here either - can't say it's ever blown my mind, but it's always been satisfying, which is par for franchises. Great location and great lunch spot if you're in the area.
5	Let me preface by saying I love Jason's Deli's salad bar and free ice cream cones. I mean who doesn't like ice cream.This trip was my first time at the Epicentre location. It didn't disappoint.  Definitely was more crowded than what I'm used to, but they were efficient in their order taking and had bus boys turning over tables left and right.  The locations not very ideal for a large group over 4 or so, as the space is limited. But if you want fast and good food. This is an affordable option Uptown.
3	Due to BPA concerns, I won't be getting hot sandwiches at Jason's anymore. All hot protein on sandwiches are heated in plastic bags. The club sandwiches are still awesome.
4	Great lunch spot for those working in Uptwon! This is my usual spot when I am looking for soup/salad/sandwich kinda lunch.Went here today and got my usual....lighter potion of the nutty mixed up salad with no chicken. It rings in around $5 and is super filling and a great portion. I love that they have free ice cream also (Though, I usually just try and stay away!). They have a HUGE menu. I have gotten some of their soups before and have loved them.Super busy around lunch but they do allow you to call in a pickup order.
5	The staff was super friendly and happy every time we came in. The food is always delicious. Decent prices and free soft serve always a good thing!
4	Having been to many dozen Jason's across the US, I find myself visiting this location when I want a healthy meal before a Bobcats, Knights or Panthers game. Great salad bar, awesome sandwiches and quality soups are always available and consistency is a strong point. The downfall for this Jason's is that it's located in a myriad of restaurants and can be overlooked easily. Meanwhile, it's a inexpensive, quality meal where you can get in and out in minutes if need be.
2	I so hate to give Jason's a two star review after receiving quality food and service at other locations, but this location is disappointing.  I have been to this location multiple times over the last month or two, all to go orders. So, every time my order has been WRONG.  The to go staff seems very distracted by all the commotion, online orders, catering orders, etc. so it is hard to get it right.Typically I receive the wrong chips or soup, but today hit the spot, everything was WRONG.  The sandwich, WRONG, the soup, WRONG, the side, WRONG...I am done at this location.
2	Very inconsistent. Today, I was 'greeted' at the register by an employee who was turned around facing the other direction as she mumbled or asked what I wanted to order. Ultimately, she walked off as I was ordering then came along a new employee in training who'd (I am confident) never read the Jason's Deli menu. The order was wrong.I mean if you pay $12 bucks for a sandwhich and soda, you gotta either get the service or food right (not to have too high of an expectation but both would be great)! Alas I did get the signature mint candy in my bag so there's a bonus.
5	When I'm in Charlotte on business I eat at Jason's Deli at least once a day. They make fresh, full and delicious sandwiches but I've become most fond of the Rubens.  Best Rubens I've had outside of NYC. The staff is professional, polite, and very hard working. They also have an amplely stocked salad bar and all the sweet tea you can drink.
3	Good quick food most of the time but avoid this place on the weekends staff is slow and take forever to clean and get you your food
