5	Being that today is officially tax deadline day, I thought it was a good day to write a review of my life saver, the man who gives me a sense of relief at this time every year, my accountant, Michael Morrison.Shout out to future yelper, Jeanie H, for referring me... I have to admit that not only am I a major procrastinator, but I'm not the best organizer or record-keeper either.  Thank goodness that my AmEx sends me a breakdown of where my $$ goes every year - that helps me also.  For the past two years, I've gone into see Mike holding my breath that I will not owe any money, and both visits, he's done me good.  He knows what questions to ask and he's been in the business for years, so I know I'm in good hands with Mike.I hear he's also good with non-tax related matters such as financial consulting, estate planning, and filing for an LLC.
5	"Three times a charm!" - isn't that what they say?  It's tax season, so I just wanted to give my accountant a little Yelp love with an update...This was the third year in a row I went to see Michael Morrison for my taxes, and once again...  I'm so happy and relieved to be done.  This year, I did it before April too!  Yay me!Mike walked me through the process asking me every relative question and went through all of the paperwork I brought in... during the process, he was personable as well, telling me about his latest 1/2 marathon and about becoming a grandfather.  The office cat payed a visit as well - be forewarned if you have pet allergies.  About an hour later, Mike slid a piece of paper in front of me to show me the outcome of our meeting...I took in a deep breath and looked down to see... A REFUND!Thank goodness - I need that $$!If you haven't done your taxes yet, call asap - I'm sure it's crazier than ever as April 15th approaches.
5	I am also a fan and a customer!! Not only knowledgable in the tax arena but also did my LLC paperwork for a great price and points me in the right direction for anything to do with $$$$.YES I got a refund too!!! Mike is the man!!=0)
5	Very friendly and detail driven. These folks are awesome to work with
