3	This place is like an art gallery and clothing store in one.  You walk in and it's like a museum with all the wall hangings they have for sale.  They also have wooden sculptures, carved furniture and all kinds of decorations for your home.  Then at the back of the store they have the clothes.  Both men's and women's styles both traditional inspired and very modern looking.  They also have lots of unique jewelry and accessories as well.
5	Good vibes in the House of Africa, its filled with beautiful tribal masks and crafts directly from the heart of Africa.  It really reminds me of a Kingston Jamaican marketplace  Pap, the owner, is a humble, warm gentleman from Senegal and he imports most of his jewelry and crafts from Dakar.  His niece, Aura (great name!) is another employee that I instantaneously became friends with upon entering.  We conversed about an annual festival in June that celebrates African American Emancipation and black freedom.  Anyways, please stop by this place it is full of love and joy and respect for all.
3	This place is very unique and kinda strange in a good way. You know how you see on TV the fertility mask and things like that ? Well they really have them lol. On the other hand the store is very unique and the art is beautiful. While there i bought 4 glass bracelets and 2 glass rings they were cheap. The staff there is very friendly , funny and its kinda like being around family while there. This place reminds you of an African art show,
5	Thank you for bringing some REAL African culture to the Queen City.  Shame on you Queen City for not knowing about this hidden gem...props to Mama Africa...mother of ALL civilization.  I loved the atmosphere, danced to African drums playing from a radio in the background, chatted with the sister about Juneteenth and burning sage to eliminate negative energy.  My husband loves the chewing sticks, I love my earrings...We will frequent this place as often as possible...
5	This place is a hidden gem and very much like a small Africa museum. The shea butter I get from there is amazing. It makes my skin so smooth.
