4	We had a great stay here while competing at the Nevada Wildfest. The rooms were very clean & comfortable. Had a bit of difficulty at check in because the staff didn't want to accept cash. This hotel allows pets & yet every dog pick up bag holder was empty during our entire stay. The pet area was never cleaned. The hotel's lack of attention to supplies just gives the pet owners another reason not to clean up.
5	We love La Quintas.  They accept dogs, have free breakfast, and are always clean and friendly. This one was no exception.  When we arrived we were greeted and promptly given our room card. Unfortunately, there was a hiccup with our check-in. I'd strongly suggest booking directly with the hotel/website as dealing with Expedia is cumbersome and useless.  When we approached the front desk about it in the morning, Maya, the manager was completely amazing!  She spent so much time trying to figure out what happened and fixing it.  She did it with a smile and truly cared.  She knows what great customer service. Every member of the staff was extremely friendly and courteous.  The staff cleans the common areas daily which is something you don't see often.  The breakfast has the usual muffins, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereal, waffles and juices.  We had a one-bed room near the lobby. The noise level at night/early morning was sometimes loud but it's Las Vegas and everyone is just having a good time.  The rooms were extremely clean and comfortable. We will definitely stay here again! Thanks Maya and staff.
4	Stayed here just recently (April 2014) while attending a convention in Las Vegas.The hotel was quite clean, and the room was very nice and up-to-date. Also it was amazingly quiet since there are many families staying here. It's across the interstate from the strip, but very close to all the action, without all the congestion. It's great to walk out of your room, down the corridor, out the door, and your car is just paces away. Try that in one of the mega-hotels on the strip. The breakfast bar was fine, but very busy. The women who run it are overwhelmed at times trying to keep the place stocked up, but heh, it's a free breakfast.The hotel itself is very secure, really, but the neighborhood is a little shifty looking. I would not keep any real valuables in your car.All in all, a great experience. I'd definitely stay there again.
4	We stayed here for business so we weren't out late partying.  In bed by 10pm. Sad, I know.  The place is immaculate. Newly remodeled last year.  Super clean and trendy appearance. I didn't realize they were let friendly and when we checked in our room was right next to a really loud barking dog.  I immediately called the front desk. He said the 3 rd floor was not the "pet" floor and moved us to another room within minutes.  Would have preferred to be on the same quiet side I originally requested (not the street side) but it was sufficient. Staff very friendly. Called to make sure my room was adequate. Comfy beds, nice towels.  Cookies in lobby in the evening. Fridge and microwave in the room.  Close to the strip and to the freeway. My only complaint with the room was that the water took forever to fill up the bathtub with hot water. This is a repeater for us.
5	Very nice rooms, never have I been disappointed with a La Quinta. Breakfast bar is an A+, rooms have nice furnishings super clean and they allowed my corgi!  Yes pets are aokay with them. Very close proximity to the strip. The front desk guy Ray was very nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend to my friends!
5	I wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel when I booked it. I didn't want to stay in the strip and their photos were very enticing on the website. And it was really cheap. We got here on a Thursday from driving from Colorado. We got here at 1:30 pm and they had the room ready for me! They have no pet fee!! I entered the lobby area and it was already very nice. I entered the room and was expecting less than what I got. The room is cute!! And clean!! And beautiful!! We stayed on the main floor because I had my dog with me. But that was no biggie. I love my room! Ian very pleased.
5	It was very nice.  The staff were friendly and nice. They were able to provide change for the laundry room and instructions to a nearby ATM.  Everything was clean, in fact the staff were quick to mop up pool water and to clean up after breakfast. The breakfast was great and we enjoyed the selection.   The pool and hot tub were great.  Check in and out were easy and quick. I would definitely stay here again.
5	Great hotel for the price the service was awesome the rooms were clean and spacious ,the staff was very helpful and friendly. Also no pet fee I would definitely recommend this hotel . A 5 min car ride to the strip if that.
4	Very happy with this hotel, easy check in, allowed me to come in early. Clean room and off of the strip. Very happy with my choice and inexpensive
4	This place was very nice. Most of it looks like it was recently renovated. It's very close to the strip which is really great considering the price of the place. One thing that was surprising to us is that most of the hotels on the strip all have free parking which makes this even more appealing. The one down side is that there are no elevators so if you're downstairs you have to haul your stuff a little ways. All in all, totally worth it.
2	Clean enough.  Comfortable beds. But too many "can'ts".  Can't have more than two room keys. Can't have extra blankets. Kids can't stay more than 10 minutes in the pool. Wifi is almost worthless. Glad to be leaving.
5	Stayed there with my parents in June. Clean and spacious rooms with a new/modern feel. Breakfast good.
4	My husband and I stayed here with our 2 shih tzus for 2 nights. We booked with bringfido.com. We were very pleased with this La Quinta! The hotel has been updated, I think.  The lobby and breakfast area are nice. Our room (211) was clean, spacious and the bed was very comfortable! The location was good... well lit at night when walking doggies. Breakfast is basic, but is included. Waffles, bagels, cereal, hard-boiled eggs and juices.If you are an over packer like I am, stay on the entry level (level 2) because there isn't an elevator. We would definitely go back when traveling with our puppies!
3	We have stayed here every year since it first opened. Last week was our most recent stay, and not as nice as we've enjoyed in the past. My main complaint is with the cleanliness of the room and public areas. Our carpet was very dirty, socks turned black dirty. The tile area by the exit to the pet area had the same dirty spots for our entire four day stay. There were also internet problems, which the managers worked hard to resolve. (And did.) We will continue to stay here because it is such a convenient location and LaQuintas always accept our pets with no charge. We are LaQuinta returns  Elite members and always stay at LQ whenever possible.
5	I am a fan of LQ due to their generous pet policy.  We often travel with our pets.  This LQ is aligned with the other LQ hotels I have stayed at.  Room was clean, bed soft and inviting.  Breakfast was standard, make your own waffles, peeled hard boiled eggs (yes, I am that lazy), juices, coffee, cereal, fruit, yogurt, toast.  Spacious room, we have our triathlon gear which includes three bikes, and we're not tripping over anything.  Extra toiletries if you forgot something, and a fishbowl where you can drop in your business card to try and win a night's stay.  I appreciate the absolute quietness of this hotel, it's off the strip, but close.Pool and spa are 24/7, which I appreciate.I'd come back.  I like it better than the other LV LQ we stayed at years ago.
