4	Service is great when they're not busy and good when they're busy.  Nice atmosphere.  Good food.  Highly recommended.  Rarely a long wait unlike the "budget" sushi places.
5	I can't believe I'm the first to review this place... Silly name - Awesome sushi, gets crowded at dinner time... Lots of exotic rolls available, but they nail the basics.. Best I've found in Vegas...
4	This place has some ridiculous names for their sushi, but it's entertaining to talk about.  The waitresses are good looking.  The sushi's very good.  This place has really good miso soup, and the sushi tastes fresh.  They also have some very unique dishes.  I'm a big fan of this place.
5	My Favorite Local Sushi Place on the East side. I Love Sushi is always on the tongue of my friends when we are craving some raw goodness.You can always get fresh sushi here, and they have a really extensive menu of fun rolls and dishes. I love the screaming orgasm, yes, this is what its called, I know.  Its yummy ahi tuna with a nice sauce over little cellophane noodles. The place is always pretty busy and I try to go at non peak hours...(read: super late lunch as I always do) so the service is quick. This is not a super discount sushi place nor is it crazy expensive. I like this in the middle feeling.
4	Try the Tempura Udon!  It's wonderful when it's a bit chilly out or when you have a hangover.The rolls rock & I often get a Spicy Tuna Hand Roll, which I find almost too spicy & I love spice.Their Green Tea Ice Cream is the best & try the Raspberry Sake!Oh & the Tuna Tataki Salad!The service is always good & the Sushi Chefs crack us up.
5	This place is amazing.  Every year in August when I'm in LV for a weekend convention-like outing about 50 of us go there late afternoon and spend a couple of hours sharing their amazing rolls.  How they manage to handle such a large rowdy bunch, I have no idea, but we love it.  The rolls are unusual and very yummy, the sushi and sashimi is also good but it's the rolls that make this place unique.
4	I came here for the first time about a week ago for lunch and liked it so much that I got carryout for dinner the same day!  The prices here are higher than I normally pay for nigiri sushi, but the pieces of fish are possibly half again the size that you get at Sushi Mon or Yummy Grill Sushi, so you get more for the money.  The ikura is GREAT- fresh and huge!  I tried their inari and liked that as well- not overly sweet , overly wet or overly dry, and the soy "pockets" have a nice texture- I'm picky about my inari and theirs is my favorite so far.   I had lunch there on a weekday around noon and the place filled up pretty rapidly. But service was slow before it filled up- I think the waitress forgot we were there or assumed we'd need more time to decide.  The names of their sushi are ridiculous- one even has the word "a$$" in it!  The names don't seem to correspond to the food at all (what do you put in a sushi roll called "Whose Your Pimp?" anyway?), and the silly names don't jibe with the formal decor and politeness of the waiters either.  I would have been embarrassed to ask one of those nice ladies for that "a$$" roll!  :-DIs this place good for kids?  Well, the food's great.  Just hide that menu from them!
5	I Love Sushi is one of my favorite places to go when I am not wanting to do "all you can eat."  The menu offers a lot of choices.  My personal favorite is the "What's Your Name?" roll.  It's delish!  I took a friend who had never tried sushi before there, and she was hooked! The atmosphere is nice, the staff is friendly, and service is quick.  Some reviews have said to avoid it during peak hours, but I have been there for dinner several times, and I don't recall ever having to wait more than a couple minutes.
4	The food here is awesome, lots of variety and inventive rolls and salads. I love the screaming orgasm. It's been around for a while and it's definitely high up on the list of best sushi in Vegas. It's a pretty huge place with a large sushi bar, tables and private booths as well, not as cozy as I prefer, but it does have that rowdy vibe that some of my favourite California places have. The sushi chefs usually end up pretty smashed by the end of the night, which makes things fun.
5	Probably my favorite sushi restaurant in the area.  So many good rolls to choose from with excellent quality fish being served there at reasonable prices.  And you gotta love a place with such crazy names for rolls.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME place!! I just can't say enough. A buddy of mine who lives out here showed me one of two spots where the locals come for some incredible sushi without the outrageous price on the strip. The interior is amazing.  I felt like I was transported back in time to a Japanese Tea House. I didn't realize how big it was. I tried the Kiss of Fire (they warned me several times of how hot it was).  Incredible and very flavorful (Having a taste of the exotic and spicy), I didn't flinch.  My buddy had a couple rolls that I tried and I have to say it was damn good.  I can't say enough about this place.  Staff, Service, ambience.  Great place for a date.Get out of the main casino strip and try the local spots if you can.  You'll save change and try some amazing rolls and Sashimi that's hard to beat.
5	I've been on a weird sushi kick and I've been craving it everyday.  I Love Sushi is located near my home.  So every night this week, I've called in my order... I wish they had a drive thru.Anyhow, I normally don't eat rolls, but I couldn't resist looking at their extensive list of over 80 rolls.  So I gave it a try... Each night, I picked a different one and was not disappointed.  They have some crazy names and mix of a lot of types of fish.  One of my favorites was Eddie's special that had both spicy tuna and spicy scallops on top of a crunch roll.  It was soooo good.  I also tried their amaebi and uni... on Monday, the pieces were small but by Friday the pieces were bigger and meatier.  Thank you I Love Sushi for supporting my sushi addiction.
5	I came here from out of town when I visited my friend. This place is delicious! Even though Vegas is nowhere near large bodies of water, the fish seemed really fresh.Their service was good and friendly, and I liked that my cup of tea never went empty. Prices were reasonable as well, especially given the quality. You can't beat the names of their rolls. The specialty rolls are HUGE. My friend and I were stuffed sharing two specialty rolls and a maki roll.If you're in Las Vegas and in the mood for Japanese food, make your way to I Love Sushi if you can!
3	i'm really not too into i love sushi.  i agree with carly a.  i think this place appeals to vegas kids, because f the crazy sushi roll names.  i don't like how most of the items are deep fried.  i've had a few people tell me that they like i love sushi, because the fish is the freshest...to be honest, i can't tell.  really...even though the menu seems extensive, it seems like the rolls are all just a different combination of the same ingredients in each roll.
4	I have been here twice and I think it is great. I Love Sushi has a wide assortment of rolls and fish. The quality is good and the menu is creative. The truly great aspect of this restaurant is the attentive sushi bar staff and their relationship with customers. They are fast and like to chat with the patrons and suggest new things based on the types of sushi you like. We were sat at the sushi bar surrounded by regulars who knew the sushi chefs by name. A satisfying meal of only rolls, sashimi, and nigiri was about $50 for 2 people. I was expecting it to be more in the $65 range considering the quality of the meal. I Love Sushi is a solid value for sushi enthusiasts.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/I.Love.Sushi.702-990-4055
2	Americanized sushi doesn't always translate well. For the sake of clarity, I've translated my review of I Love Sushi into Japanese then back into English using an online translator.Here it is in Japanenglish:"I went to I love sushi where 2 friends have been attached, but we received just one menu. As for me I that because I am the food central, yelpers service and atmosphere of the restaurant, and so on remainder when it adjusts the focus, must say that the fact that you make be irritated is found: As for bad service it was and others, but was to let stand and the food left, if you blow, me everything is directly forgotten. As for me the weight less failure which gives three menus to us with such reason so presumes that you make be irritated -- The fish of I love sushi the good quality, but what approximately obtains your panty of the bundle, is."In addition as for me when the place of the sushi the wind change giving name in the roll, that like the characteristic roll of the destruction of duplication Doggstyle rather than being lovely, the margin which is rubbed the fact that you are troubled is found. But because I at all do not think the possession some kind of fish and the raw materials form the DDBS roll, but for failing the trial of the restaurant which gives the impact which is not, enjoys. And these retardedly of the menu it seems like 200 of the roll which is shown, therefore I order to speaking to my friend exactly, description finish the fact that book-reading of 30 parts is used in the change which is obtained. When you think plus, that we would like to inspect the characteristic position which has sexual intercourse don't I go exactly with Internet? You do not entreat the sushi pornography exactly."... Way me it elapses in grasping in detail from the food itself concerning restaurant problem, domesticated fowl and animals raw...You see. How am every [wa] am I? This examination does not have to be read! I inhale!"And the food is good exactly. Star of two 1/2. Go somewhere."And here it is in regular-old English:"I went to I Love Sushi with two friends, but the waitress only gave us one menu. I have to say I find it irritating when yelpers focus too much on a restaurant's service, ambience, etc, because I'm food-centric: bad service is frustrating, but all is soon forgotten if the food blows me away. I guess that's why the waitress' failure to give us 3 menus was so vexing -- the fish at  I Love Sushi is of an ok-quality, but nothing to get your panties in a bunch about. "I also find it annoying rather than cute when Sushi places give their rolls wacky names, like Double Doggstyle Breakup Sex Roll. But not because of the restaurant's failed attempts to shock and amuse, but because I have no fucking idea what kind of fish and ingredients make up a DDBS Roll. And there's like 200 of these retardedly-named rolls on the menu, so I end up spending a half-hour reading the descriptions instead of just ordering and getting back to talking to my friends. Plus, if I wanted to check out fucked-up sexual positions wouldn't I just go on the internet? Sushi-porn just ain't appealing."...Oh shit...looks like I've lapsed into griping more about the restaurant than the food itself. What a shit I am! Don't read this review! I suck!"And the food is just ok. 2 1/2 stars. Go somewhere else."Why can't Japanese food be more...JAPANESE????
3	This korean sushi bar is located a good distance from the strip and caters to locals, especially those who want to drink and have a great time.  Be sure to take care of your staff of chefs here (seriously, I think there were 8 of them) with beer and they'll reciprocate generously.  I really just come here to hang out and drink with a local LV friend of mine and not really to eat.  However, I've learned the sashimi is the better way to go here as they give you generous amounts of it and is pretty good.  I suggest the albacore tataki or the yellowtail.  Make friends and have a great time....but be sure to have a designated driver or take a taxi if you plan to drink heavy here as it's pretty far back to the strip.
5	This place is one of the best sushi places here in the Vegas area.  Each sushi roll and every bit of nigiri is prepared with care and made to look beautiful.  The prices are standard for sushi, and not too expensive, though of course not something you can get every day in good conscience.  The service is good.  I've eaten several times at different times in the day, and the waitresses are always polite and prompt.  They're a little subdued in early afternoon, but they're quite nice at dinner times.The atmosphere varies, but not at all badly.  In the lunch times and early evenings, when there isn't as many people, they're a quiet, pretty restaurant that you'd take someone for a chat while you eat, whereas when you are at dinner, especially on a Friday or Saturday, they're full and very noisy.  Why noisy?  Because the sushi chefs are busy being fun and crazy and flirty (with women) and sometimes randomly offer free drinks and shots of things, and if not, then they're being bought drinks by the appreciative customers.  But the service is always good.The quality of the fish has never let me down.  Even on Sunday nights, when most sushi places are at the other end of freshness, I Love Sushi seems to chug along as usual, and some of the dishes just can't be matched anywhere.  I always eat Dynamite at sushi places, and theirs was quite good, if not the best in the entire world.  I'd say it'd be great to order if you're there, but not worth a special trip.Overall, I love coming here when I have extra cash on hand.  My only complaint is that it doesn't have an all-you-can-eat option, which I suppose would make the service level fall, the quality diminish, and the presentation falter.  But I eat a lot of sushi :/
3	Hmm....what can I say?I LOVE SUSHI, but not at this place....The quality of the sushi was great here, but the prices were just TOO much for what you get. I ordered the Lisa Hand Roll, my friend ordered the "I Love My Ass" roll, and Theresa B. ordered the Orgasm one. All tasted great, but it really wasn't enough food for the three of us...our bill came to about $70....We got 6 pieces of the Lisa Hand Roll, about 6 pieces for the I LOVE MY ASS roll, and a big mess of seared tuna in a mustard sauce...as well as a waitress recommended Korean Black Raspberry wine bottle ($15)...which really tasted like red wine, and didn't fave well with my friends...so we took it home...(shhh!!!)...The ambiance was pretty nice. It reminded me of a place I went to in Santa Monica called Sushimon...(Of course this place is Korean owned! I seriously only know one Sushi place that is owned by Japanese...or I think it is...?!)
5	This place is way to fun.  Whenever I'm in Vegas it's a must to go to I Love Sushi.  I recommend the I Love Sushi roll.  It's seriously the best. and also I recommend to sit at the sushi bar ONLY if your seated with BOOM.  He the craziest sushi chef probably ever. He even has a video on yourtube of how crazy he is.  The atmosphere is great, the sushi is great and the chefs are AWESOME.  Also ask if you can hit the gong.  That is always fun...
5	Where do you go for some off strip sushi to die for? "I Love Sushi" of course. I didnt know what to expect especially from a place called I Love Sushi, let alone it being located in a strip mall. Boy we're we surprised. This place was huge and had about 20 sushi chefs working behind the counter. The place was packed on a Tuesday night. I think the place seats about 200 easily. Wow. The food was awesome. AWESOME. The rolls were about $12-15 each but boy were they worth it. I guess one of the gimmicks of this place is the names of the rolls. Screaming Orgasm, Taste Like My Ex Girlfriend, Fat A$$ Special, and so forth. Regardless about the name, the flavor was top top notch. This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat at. Even though the names and description mention "special chef sauce", they are all different sauces that are highly recommended by the sushi chefs. I read somewhere there was a total of 81 chefs that are employed there. Here's a list of rolls we had:(Check out the pictures I added to the I Love Sushi page. Warning: May cause a craving for some Sushi!)Jackpot Roll - I dont remember the exact description but its a fried tempura roll with spicy mayo sauce.Spider Roll - Soft Shell CrabScreaming Orgasm - Seared Tuna in chef special sauceFat Ass Roll - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, crab meat, avocado, deep fried panko, spicy mayo, hot sauce & eel sauce.I Love Sushi Special - Spicy tuna & cucumber topped with tuna & spicy special sauceDouble D roll - Raw Salmon and tuna on a roll and then into the yummy sauceDragon Roll - Lotsa lotsa Unagi.Baked Scallop Mushroom
3	My friend took me here while I visited her.  I saw a lot of raves for this place but in my experience, I thought it was ok. The service wasn't great and the food was overpriced for what we were getting.I think I got used to sushi-mon in vegas which has great quality sushi for a great price as well!!Maybe I came on an off night!!!  Who knows, maybe I'll come back and try it again.
5	Service used to be incredibly slooooooow...we stopped going since we cant afford two hours dinners. But improved since. My  favorite neighborhood sushi restaurant, its my daughter & I's special place where we get to spend some quality time over food we both enjoy most! She's ten, her favorite is California Roll, Deep Fried Gyoza, Edamame and mine are Salmon Skin Roll, Agedashi Tofu, Cucumber Salad and we both love the Spider Roll (soft shell crab). And she also loves the Japanese Sprite which was introduced to her since Osaka Restaurant's days. For a good sushi in henderson, this is Z place...
5	Tempting to take a star off due to gratuitious amounts of the dreaded KRAB which they call crab, but the service was incredible so it really makes me want to round up. Went here with a meetup group. There were 12 of us, all on separate checks, separate orders.. everything.. They nailed it! All our checks were perfectly split, all sushi came out perfectly and super fast, and even special requests were handled without a hitch. I know people complain about prices, but my fiance and I got super full plus had beers for $50. I don't think $25 each is that unreasonable for sushi and beer, but I guess it depends on what you're used to!In general (with only a few exceptions) rolls were perfectly sized in my opinion and able to be eaten in one bite! Fish was all fresh and tasy, and 12 hours later I'm still feeling good.. definitely a good sign.
3	everytime we visit family in vegas we have to eat at i love sushi because we love sushi! the variety of rolls offered here is amazing. so on our last trip back we were super disappointed with the quality and portions. the nigiri was sad. tiny pieces of not so fresh fish and ok sushi rice. one of our faves- the screaming orgasm (who doesn't love one) was a big miss as well. the tuna was drowning in the spicy sauce. i've been there in the past and loved the rolls (hence the three stars) but it was pretty awful this last time as far as sushi freshness and quality goes.
4	The fish really is incredibly fresh and consistently high-quality.  The price is also very reasonable.Also the rolls are, over all, pretty traditional.   Overall, I like the place.  It's a good neighborhood joint.  It is a great place that will never let you down.
2	The past 2-3 times we have been to I Love Sushi, we feel as if it's gone downhill.  The service has been terrible.  The food & rolls were not as fresh as usual and just plain blah.  I am very disappointed...Help, we need a new sushi home!
5	I love I love sushi! I've tried sashimi salad everywhere and I really like this one, could be the dressing which is all homemade. I can't stand when salads come with bottled dressings, it's obvious to me, the taste is different. Anyway we really have only had sashimi salad and a couple rolls which were excellent. There are always lots of people here every time I've ever gone. The sushi chef "Boom Boom" was hilarious and super friendly and nice. He made us a special roll and it was amazing!
4	I must say, this place is surprisingly good!  I definitely would go back!  I can always tell a decent sushi restaurant by their uni, and their uni was DELICIOUS and FRESH.  yum yum yum.  I also had their yellowtail sushi, salmon sushi, hamachi kama, shrimp lover roll, and a sex on the beach.  All of the above were DELISH.  The salmon was whatever, but the yellowtail was really good.  The sex on the beach roll was awesome as well.  They have a wide array of rolls that can suit anyone's cravings.The service was good, the environment/ambience was good, and I had a really good time there.  Definitely worth trying out people!
5	I could eat at I love Sushi every day of the week.  Seriously.  Everything I've tried has been fresh and so delicious.  My faves are the Double D roll, yellowtail/scallion roll, and the grilled salmon collar.  The sashimi salad and tuna tataki salad are also really good (and huge!).The place is in a random shopping center with a dry cleaners and a Taco Bell, but don't let that throw you off.  This is one really great sushi restaurant!
5	Best sushi in Vegas! I have eaten at Shibuya (disappointing / over priced), Sushi Samba (ewww) and Social House (great restaurant but very, very mediocre sushi) but nothing comes close to I Love Sushi. My friend used to live in Henderson and when I left the strip to go visit her she would always rave about this awesome sushi restaurant in a random strip mall in the 'burbs. I was skeptical at first but she has worked in the restaurant industry for 10 years so I decided to check it out. Although this place isn't fancy I can truly say it is one of the best sushi restaurants I have eaten at. Truly a hidden gem! Everything is cheap despite the quality ingredients and innovative roles. The service is amazing and the ambiance is fun, lively and laid back. If you want a great meal and are ready to venture off the strip check out this local favorite. My amazing meal with three very hungry people was a whopping $62! Can't wait to go back next time I am in Vegas
4	Definitely tasty, but not worth 5 stars in my opinion. They have a LOT of sushi roll items (about 100+) but in my opinion, that's WAY too many. It always takes me forever to go through the menu and after awhile, all the rolls sound the same. Service is good and the sushi chefs are nice, but the menu is a bit overwhelming.
3	Yakitori is really good here, the miso is soso, and the rest looked good, but i don't like sushi..the staff is really nice and all in all a fun place.
5	I love I Love Sushi! Their prices are very reasonable and their service is outstanding. They are attentive without being pushy, and your glass never comes close to being empty. I had a dinner special with beef rib eye teriyaki and tonkatsu. The rib eye was perfectly cooked and tender, the tonkatsu was breaded and fried so it wasn't overly crisy, and the pork was juicy. The salad, miso soup, and gyoza that was included was excellent as well. The coolest thing about their dinner special was their tempura rice. I have never seen anything like it and i was pleasantly surprised when i bit into it. The rolls my GF ordered were tightly rolled and filled with delicious raw cuts of fish and the sashimi she ordered was nicely cut and very fresh. It doesn't get any better that I Love Sushi for your sushi fix in vegas. The only thing that could possibly make this place better is an "all you can eat" option.
5	This place has it all.  Great food, great service, great prices and screaming orgasms.  I moved here from the Bay Area one year ago and I eat sushi at least once a week.  This place is definately my favorite.  EXCELLENT!!!!!
5	It's a party in your mouth. I LOVELOVELOVELOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!! This is the best sushi I've ever had in my life. Everything about I Love Sushi is amazing, the sushi, miso soup, the restaurant, the menu, the sexual/hilarious names they think up for the sushi rolls (Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend, Screaming Orgasm, I Love My Ass, etc..), the waitresses, the chefs, the bar, the booths, the tables, the service, the prices, everything! I dream about their sushi and plum saki everyday. The softness of the rice, the way they pack in the many versatile ingredients that go into each roll, how at first bite you just sit back and realize that you've been missing out on a big chunk of life in food world. Mmm.. I can still taste it in my mouth.The restaurant is lit just right to be romantic and bright enough to see what you're eating, who you're talking to, and occasionally check out the hot chef with the Japanese flag as a bandana behind the sushi bar (i love you, super sexy chef). The service is phenomenal, everyone working there is Japanese, even the waitresses, and I had to keep from laughing when our graceful, polite waitress who looks like she's never said a cuss word in her life repeated our order to us, "2 Screaming Orgasms, One roll of Tastes Like My Ex Girlfriend, one Ricky Roll and one roll of I Love My Ass with plum saki". It still makes me laugh just thinking about it.I once drove from L.A. to Henderson, Nevada just to eat here. My absolute favorite roll is the Ricky Roll. I give this restaurant a bajillion stars, this place will definitely get you some, and I'm gonna dream about their sashimi tonight.
5	OHHHHEMMMMGEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!ahahahahaha I LOVE, I LOVE SUSHI!  and so do my family from Hawaii that come to visit.  I love sushi is a MUST when they're here.  The sushi chef's are a crack -up- very lively and funny, and the servers are very friendly and adorable!  Ask for Eun-soo, she's the best =]My favorites:* taste like my ex-girlfriend* grand canyon* bok-bun-ja
3	This place was alright.  They have a decent amount of stuff on their menu's but the only thing I would have liked to see is maybe some kind of description under their custom named sushi.  While it was funny to read the different names they put down some of the names make you wonder what they put in it to associate it with the name.  As far as the food went...the salad dressing on the salad was just a tad bit too strong and the miso was just so so.  The dinners are a good size and they taste alright but nothing spectacular.  We ordered raspberry sake which really turned out to be soju but no biggie.  The service was good and our waitress kept coming back to make sure everything was good.  All in all when visiting Vegas again I don't think I would go out of the way to eat at this place.
4	A fairly non-descript place located in a outdoor shopping area just outisde of Las Vegas but once you are inside, it's quite large and festive. Lots of sushi options as well as cooked options too. Service was very attentive and we had plenty of food.  When it came time for the bill, we were actually surprised at how reasonable the prices were overall.  Would certainly go back when we are in Vegas again.
3	***Korean-owned*** (you wouldn't get mexican food made by chinese people would you?) I came here because my roommate used to live in Henderson and recommended it...The food wasn't bad, not the best sushi rolls I've ever had. I had the Screaming Orgasm, Tastes like my ex-girlfriend, and several other rolls which weren't as memorable. The shishito peppers were a total ripoff, i've had way better and fresher ones made at other Japanese restaurants. The service was terrible. Our sushi-chef Ray (i think that was his name), was very accommodating, but the servers were all very impolite and sometimes rude. It took my girlfriend three times to get an order of the shishito peppers and when the waitress forgot she gave us a disgusted look. The waitress also knocked over our chopsticks onto the sushi bar on multiple occasions and didn't even bother giving us a new set, she just put them back on our plates.Pricewise the place is decent. For the three of us (two guys, one girl), the check was approximately $70 including tip and we left decently stuffed. Would I come back? Probably not unless a friend suggested it.
4	Definitely my fave sushi restaurant in Henderson.  Ambiance is relaxed and friendly, service is efficient, price range is reasonable, sushi is delicious.
5	edwin is the best sushi chef this place is the best sushi place i've ever been too ..the screaming orgasm  is so yummy it's seared tuna with sum yummy sauce love this place ..love the sushi chef EDWIN...
3	I Love Sushi is OK.  Not bad, but really just ok.  I've had so many people tell me its so good and...eh.  I was totally underwhelmed when I went.  It's definitely a cute place, and their menu is huge.  But the menu items aren't that different from each other.  I found myself flipping the menu over a bunch to see what the difference between a couple rolls were.I think it would be good if you are going with a large group and you're more concerned with having fun than eating awesome sushi.
5	I've been here several times over the past year and they never let me down.  This is some of the best sushi I've had and I've been told by locals that this is the best in town.  Service is excellent. They have a few TVs with the games on them.  The grilled shishito peppers make nice accompaniment.  Definitely some of the best tuna poke I've ever had (get it spicy!!).  Great job!!
4	love this place... best little sushi restaurant in LV... prices are good, chefs are great. they give you edamame, and a cucumber appetizer free which is always a plus. i hate penny pinching restaurants!despite that this place is korean owned and mostly korean chefs, I DONT DISCRIMINATE GOOD ASS SUSHI!!!! fun environment... my fav chef is edwin... he will make special rolls depending on your taste or preference.when you get to the menu its a little overwhelming. there is like 100 rolls on their sushi menu! first off...THE UNI IS FRESHHHHHHHH! yellow, fluffy and sweet.my bf really likes the "i love my ass roll". it is super white tuna and spicy tuna,soft shell crab with a special brown sauce... i think it is sesame w/ a hint of mustard seed.super good... i also get the rolley rice bowl with uni and scallop.this is a masago rice bowl mixed with scallop and topped off with some fresh uni. its like a very fancy chirashi bowl.i also really like the kanpai roll. it is a yellowtail roll, w/ shrimp tempura, avocado and a ponzu sauce. its raw and yummy.i love this place. i frequent here at least once a week. highly recommended to others!
5	I LOVE SUSHI is right! this place rocks!!!  The BF and I always go here to eat. REALLY REALLY GOOD! not to mention, they sell the head bands..my bf rocked it one night at work..luv it!!
4	An inexpensive gem in an otherwise expensive mine. The menu is beyond intimidating, as their are nearly 100 plus rolls for you to choose from. I sat staring bleakly and relegated my dinner order to throwing darts, hoping that in the end my buyer's remorse wouldn't kick in. The plain spicy tuna was "so-so"; the Washington role was packed full of fresh, melt-in-your-mouth salmon and the Sun Devil role nearly made me change my underwear. Personally, one of the most delicious rolls I've had anywhere.Service is very quick and non obtrusive. Seating was immediate on a Sunday evening and the restaurant was clean. The most obvious thing I noticed was the sheer volume of sushi chefs (nearly 10) pumping out quick, quality plates at a moment's notice. Overall, a pretty outstanding place. Price was decent (about $40 for 3 rolls) and there were no specials.
4	I love rolls. That means I love I Love Sushi.Service is rather quick, attentive, and friendly.
5	Oh Thank God. Oh thank GOD that a sushi place in Vegas is not going to be a terrible, suburban washed sushi joint. I love sushi, I bow to you. I worship at your delicious menu and your fantastic service, and your overall Zagat awesomeness. Sit at wooden tables and be served by wonderful ladies in kimonos equip with the shoes and all. They hand you a quick sushi list where you can check off any one of the nearly 100 sushi options they have. Don't get confused, the sushi is not listed in the folding menu, but on a stand at the end of the table. Names will make you giggle in front of your parents as you ask for "I love my ass" and "Tastes like my x-girlfriend". In fact, I sometimes have to stray from the awkward named ones because I'm almost always at sushi joints with my folks when back home. I resolved on Burning My Stomach ( which is probably sexual..somehow) and the Banzai Roll. The banzai roll is a delicious sweeter roll with teriyaki sauce wrapped in rice paper. What really opened me up was the Burning My Stomach.  Really spicy crab meat dumped on more spicy crab and shrimp inside a roll surrounded by a thick layer of sashmi cut tuna. The flavor in this is insane. It's too big to eat in one bite, but maybe that's how you like it. My mouth was burning so much afterward that water just made the temperature decrease from 200F to 199 F. Had to settle on a nice plum wine ice cream to give myself a break. It was perfectly sweet and tart just at the last minute that I had to eat the entire bowl, good thing I'm starting that "diet" next year. I love sushi. I do. And now, I love you.
4	Good sushi, overwhelming menu, great atmosphere, great service! Fun every time. :)
4	Mmmmmmmmmmm.  I miss having a large variety of sushi restaurants and rolls. My kindred spirit took us to her favorite sushi joint in LV and I must say, it's delish.  They had so many rolls I could barely finish reading the list before our waitress came by to take our order.  The fish was fresh, the sauces were creative, and the custom rolls were executed wonderfully.  You will need to try the Kiss of Fire roll which is a combination of spicy fishes drenched in some spicy sauce then topped with a dot of sriacha and a jalapeno.  So good...Most importantly, the prices are wonderful.
3	for reference...5 star = Matsuhisa, Little Tokyo places in downtown LA, etc...4 star = 'better' places in Sawtelle, Gardena, Torrance, etc...3 star = not bad, not greatcame here with for a break from Vegas casino food after a few days over the New Year holiday.  Nigiri was decent enough, though the rice was a little hard, like it hadn't been cooked thoroughly enough.the screaming bargain was the lunch bento - best $7.95 in town according to my friend who's a local.  i got the shrimp & veggie tempura and an order of the tonkatsu...  came with miso, some steamed rice, salad, and some other assorted garnish.all in all not bad, but nothing really distinct about this place to make me seek it out except the bento when I need a break from the casino floors at M and GVR
4	This is the sushi place my friend takes me to whenever I'm in Las Vegas for a visit. On each occassion I've sat at the bar and the service has always been excellent and the quality of the fish has always been very good. They are prompt in making the sushi and the wait staff immediately clears the plate once you've finished. There is almost a factory like quality to the service in terms of efficiency. Although I haven't personally experienced, but my friend tells me that this "efficiency" also makes this place a bit undesireable if you just want to sit at a table and have a leisurely dinner. If your table finishes their plates and are just hanging out, it's almost guranteed that they will be politely asked to allow the wait staff to clear the table for a following reservation.
3	The Place: Clean, CasualThe Service: Friendly The Food: GoodThis place has a good atmosphere, but I don't think it makes up for the quality of the sushi. Don't get me wrong, the food isn't bad by any means, but it's not Great / Memorable either.
4	Got to try: - crunch roll- fatass special- screaming orgasmService isn't the specialty, but good enough.The sushi, however, is the best I've had in Vegas.
4	I Love Sushi is a great little sushi bar that is close to my house and has a great selection of..... Yup, you guessed it! SUSHI! Most of there rolls range from pretty good to off the chart. When it comes to other things on the menu though, I do not have the slightest clue so please forgive me if you hate some non-sushi item they serve. If you want great, consistent service, sit at the sushi bar. If you want even better service, buy the sushi chef a sake bomb or two and let the good times roll! (No pun intended :) If you have extra change to spare, buy a round for all the chefs and see where the night takes you from there!
4	Old staple in the hood, great atmosphere. always high energy and hard to not run into someone you know every time. All the guys @ the sushi bar are fun and personable. good sushi great variety. Always finish with the oyster shooter.
5	A great place to eat. Fresh food and good people behind the bar.
3	Sadly after my husband I both got food poisoning I have to take off a couple stars. If you like rolls - this still is the best place in Vegas to go ! Their cooked food is decent as well. If you're a sashimi/nigiri fan I would take your business down the street to En.
5	Once again, another awesome expierence at I Love Sushi on Eastern. Since I already wrote a review earlier that states how much I enjoy this restaurant, let me just add this little bit:You know you ordered to much sushi for two people when the waitress says.... ::Server:: Are you sure you want to order all that? It's enough for 4-5 people. ::ME:: Yes.... were fat. :)
4	I'll be honest, this is not the best Japanese restaurant in the area. But I come here more often than the other restaurant for  couple of reasons.The place is lively and fun. It's busy, has a good buzz going, and the service is always good. The waiters are efficient, friendly and precise. Some of the women are career waiters and know how to work a table with humor. My favorite waiter is great with kids and engages in small talk without taking time away from her other tables.Portions are big. This is white man's Japanese food. One "John Holmes" sushi roll for $12 is a meal. An order of tuna sashimi is bigger than anywhere I've ever been.Food is consistent. You won't find toro, shima-aji, or kanpachi sushi here. That's not what their clientele wants. But the rolls are creative. I know what to expect and I've found items on the menu I'm comfortable ordering time and time again.  If you have friends that are rather middle-of-the-road, and not very adventurous, you can bring them here to introduce them to sushi. They'd also have plenty of meat and other cooked dishes to choose from.
4	5 stars for the fact that it was reasonably priced for all you an eat sushi. 3 stars for the staffing who seemed uninterested and needed a calculator for 151 - 1003 stars for decor ( the umbrellas from the ceiling, very cool )Favorate roll: Crunchy Philly Roll
2	God, I have no idea why my relatives love this place.  The only thing I can think of is because they are from Utah and to them this is awesome japanese food.  Perhaps it was because we were in a big group which really shouldn't have an effect on anything but the service was piss poor.  So we ordered our food and gave the waitress the sushi ordering paper at the table.  Simple sushi...Inari, Tamago and California roll.  Easy right?  Should be out in 10-15 minutes!  That sushi came out when we were halfway done with dinner.  We ordered sake also, which we had to remind the waitress we ordered it because she forgot all about it.   So all in all...this palce goes down in my book worse than what I orginally rated it.
4	I Love...My Ass, Screaming Orgasms, Honey Rolls, and so much more. The screaming orgasm is a gateway to serious sushi addictions. For the virgins out there, it's seared ahi tuna served on a bed of shredded radish and topped with a ponzu sauce. If you're burnt out on orgasms, try the spicy, crispy rice plate, under "fried rolls." The spicy tuna and crab mixes are so good that I suggest you try them straight up in hand rolls, which are gigantor. If you're not afraid to swap saliva, buddy up on these. But do not cut them in half. I repeat, do not cut hand rolls in half. That would be like lobbing the head off of a Virgin Mary figurine. For dessert, get the honey roll. Somehow this fried salmon roll tastes better than custard.On top of all the sexy names and delicious sauces, the waitresses wear kimonos and repeat your order with humor, "So, you want I love my ass?" Yes, yes I do.
5	Went there on Sun, June 20 with 5 adults, 2 young kids and a baby-not a long wait, 15 minutes, very busy place, probably because it turns out the sushi was excellent. I was a little wary of  place with a name like this, but a relative who lives in the area swore by it. I cannot remember what we had but we went through about 9 rolls (all very well made by about 8 sushi guys behind the counter), also had a couple of other things like a nice lobster dish with mushrooms. Kids had teriyaki chicken, wife had tempura and teriyaki chicken entree. We will definitely go back next time in the area-we loved it. Fast service, attentive staff, great food, great prices!
5	Being from LA where they have a lot of good sushi joints it tool a while for me to find something good in Vegas but here it is at last. I have been going to I Love Sushi for about a year now and never have i had a bad experience. Its always busy so you know the food is always fresh. My favorite roll is I Love My Ass and Spring Mt Roll. Another good item is the Screaming Orgasms and i usually ask them not to sear the tuna I think its a lot better that way.
2	So many have said this is the best sushi!! Ok the ambience is great....food not so great.  Had 3 rolls and 3 orders of sushi between 2 of us.  None of the rolls we had had a wow factor...one tasted like fish bait and they all tasted fishy.  Fishy equals not fresh!  Still hands down the best is The Sushi in Henderson.....Learned my lesson....would not go to I Love Sushi again. Menu great, ambience great....food blech :(
5	My favorite sushi spot ever!!!! Like I've mentioned in other sushi reviews, I love when they have a huge sushi menu and this place has MANY different rolls to try, it's fun!! I Love Sushi has at least 90!!! My husband and I's favorite is the Jackpot Special and we get it every single time we have dinner there. My friend was right about this place, the food and fish is very fresh!! If you're thinking about trying this place out, don't think twice, just go - you won't be disappointed. Get a good buzz going too, try their cold Raspberry sake. Btw, the service is good too!! They get pretty busy and packed during dinner time but it's usually not that long of a wait and it's always worth it to me.. The waitresses are very nice and the chefs are fun!Update (I've tried and graded these rolls/dishes to my liking):*Jackpot - A+*Boom Boom Nipple - A+*Franky Special - A+*Screaming Orgasm - A+*Monkey Roll - A+*Kiss of Fire - A+*Bam Bam - A*Tastes Like My Ex-GF - A*John Homes - A*Double D - A*Japanese Lasagna - A*I Love Sushi - A*Something Wrong #69 - B+*90% Special - B+*Sun Devil - B+*Sean's Special - B*Crazy Horse - B*Happy Ending - B-*Burning Your Stomach - B-*Garlic Butter Special - B-
4	The sushi here is delicious, there are many different selections and they're all SO GOOD!! the only thing that sucks baaaad is the service.
5	I have been eating at I love sushi for years.  They have really fresh fish that makes the seafood experience overall... non threatening.  Pretty much everyone I've ever taken loves it.  It can get expensive if you're hungry (or in my case, typically thirsty!) but it is a great place to do sushi at.  And, their sushi menu is actually descriptive.  The sushi chefs are a blast and almost every time I go, the owner is diligently making sure the customers are getting stellar service.   Their cucumber salad in usually excellent and they have a full restaurant menu for your non sushi savvy pals.  My favorites are the baked green mussel, kiss of fire, and the sundevil.
5	I have been here several times and the only bad thing I can say is it is very noisy. Love this place and plan to go back many more times.
4	The best place in Henderson for sushi.  My parents live there and they've tried them all.  We always get a boat.  It's fresh, delicious and so much fun.  I LOVE SUSHI!
3	Yikes?  What happened to authentic Japanese Sushi?If you like the litany of sexy body parts and earthly dragon named sushi that are extreme variations of traditional sushi, then this is the place for you.I prefer more traditional and authentic sushi and so it is hard really to taste the flavors of the sushi in a restaurant like this because the sauces and fried stuff and mixture is kinda overpowering.But hey, I like to have ketchup on my steak once in a while, and so, I have come here several times and will come again as it ain't bad, but it really isn't real Japanese food, it is blended to the American taste.....
5	Love this place!!!! Great food, great atmosphere!!
5	my favorite sushi place in vegas! best time to go is early when they're not so busy and the atmosphere is a lot more laid back but going when it's busy is fun too when the sushi chefs are louder than the customers haha!
5	What can i say...i am a believer...i had heard about this sushi joint but i don't think any of the accounts i heard did it justice.I am a true fan of authentic Japanse food and sushi but the chefs here put a twist to all your favorites...its like your fantasy sushi and roll combinations coming true.I had the Triple X roll ,Mistake roll ,Kimchii roll, and Orgasm roll and i put them down in order of preference. The Triple X is most definitely the best roll i have had since i was put on God's green earth.I don't think the pictures i took came out right, but then again my saliva glands and my mouth was on a trip so i cant blame my hands for wanting to drop the phone and get back to feasting.Had a few Sake bombs and yet the bill wasn't ridiculous at all. I know its not on the Vegas strip but i highly recommend you take the detour.
5	Amazing sushi that is well priced and sure to please! Best spicy tuna handroll I have ever had!!!!
4	Very attentive servers, and sushi chefs... very prompt service... It seemed just as we would order, the sushi roll was made in under a few minutes. Twice I've eaten here and found it to be great food, service, large variety of menu options, good atmosphere, and reasonably priced. definitely check it out
5	Hands down, no arguement, THE BEST SUSHI I HAVE EVER HAD! My husband and I went to Australia last year and went to a sushi restaurant thinking "ok, this has to be great, I mean we're in Australia!" Mmmm...yeah.....no. Didn't even come close to the amazing sushi at I Love Sushi. I have been all over town and tried other sushi places and I always come back to this place. Keep in mind, it can get really crazy and packed on Friday/Saturday nights so be ready for some lines and loudness. Some of my favorite sushi chefs have left recently but there are still some great guys there....Love ya Boom Boom! I highly recommend you give them a try.
5	The best sushi rolls in Henderson! Try the Taste Like My Ex-Girlfriend. Awesome!
5	I Love Sushi is absolutely amazing!!Favorite rolls:-Washington roll-Gary's Special-Kiss of FireYou have to order all 3 as they are amazinggg and the sushi chefs are fun too!
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant. All the rolls are very well made and the salmon sushi is very generous. Always cut thick and not stringy with a bunch of connective tissue. Weekends are easier to get a table then weekdays for some reason.They have a full kitchen in case you go with someone who doesn't like sushi but I can't comment on the quality as I've never ordered off the regular menu. As far as drinks goes if you're feeling adventurous, get a tall Kirin or Sapparro and mix it with Raspberry Wine. Makes for a nicely balanced drink that won't overpower the raw fish.
5	Best Sushi in Vegas IMHO! Service is great sushi is even better. They have around 90 different sushi rolls you can order with outrageous names. If you are craving sushi and have not been this is difinitely worth a drive
5	I eat here ALOT and can't believe I am just now reviewing this place.  This is truly a great sushi spot.  Although it is not AYCE, I think for the quality of fish, it is perfectly priced.  I never leave here feeling like I overpaid. Every roll is cut into huge pieces.  If you have a small mouth (like myself), it makes for some interesting eating trying to cram a whole piece into your mouth.  But it's also very filling!  I'ved tried the majority of the rolls at this place.  Here are a list of my favorites:Kiss of Fire - Very spicy.  This is one of my favorite rolls I've had anywhereFranky Special - Just the right amount of spicy and sweetBurning my stomach - This thing is hot!! love it!Tastes Like My X-Girlfriend - Got to love the names of some of these rolls, but this is very good.I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've been here on a Tuesday, Friday, Saturday and I've never had a problem getting a table, but it is always crowded.  The service, this means everyone from the door person to the chefs, is excellent!  I love the atmosphere here, too.  It's very lively and has kind of a bar feel which really adds to the experience.  I don't care if my Japanese food is prepared and served by Koreans.  Good food is good food!  One word of caution:  this place does go kind of heavy on the sauce, so if that is not your thing, you may not love this place as much as I do.
5	This Sushi restaurant is by far the BEST.  Their rolls are delish!  It's a clean restaurant with great ambiance!  I highly recommend this place.  I've been to many, many sushi restaurants.  This has been my favorite so far.  It doesn't matter if it's Korean owned.  In fact, I think the Korean owned sushi restaurants are better.  90% of sushi restaurants are Korean owned anyway.  Enjoy!
4	We love this place.  My husband and I take all of our out of town relatives here.  They have a huge selection of rolls, and sake, as well as bento boxes for people such as my husband who don't eat sushi.  My favorite is the Shawn Roll; so good!
4	Lively, Gimmicky, Good Food.This Anthem spot isn't for the sushi purist, but rather the sushi lover that takes quality more seriously than the dish's name.  Japanese Lasagna, Tastes like my ex-wife, and Screaming orgasm are all rolls featured on the menu at I Love Sushi.  I've never had a bad bite of anything here.  My only complaint about the food, is that many of the rolls are bathed in sauce.  For me, this is a no-no.  A little sauce is alright, but drowning something in spicy mayo only aims to hide poor quality ingredients, and the quality here is superb.Even when this place gets jumping, and it does, the service is outstanding.  Food arrives in a timely manner, and is at the right temperature.  The Sushi Bomb here is out of this world, and definitely my favorite thing on the menu.  It is simple and satisfying.   It is tuna or salmon sashimi served with fresh wasabi.  This is HOT HOT HOT.  Stuffy sinuses seak shelter from this inferno of tasty heat.  A great date spot, I Love Sushi is a solid choice for good quality fish in the Anthem area.
5	This is the best sushi in Vegas. We go here once a week. The "spicy scallop hand roll" is the bomb. I also like "XXX" The girlfriend likes "Gary's Roll" never had anything bad. Be careful on the bill it's Not an All You Can Eat place but definitely worth the price.
4	Name is cheesy but food is good.  I'm a fan of all-you-can-eat, but my sister and friends convinced me to give this place a try.  We were greeted by a kimono-clad hostess/server, which was a nice touch and sat in a wooden, semi-enclosed booth.  There is an extensive list of sushi rolls with extraordinary names!  Very non-traditional, but still yummy.  I ordered the bento box with teriyaki salmon and some kind of mackerel.  It came with a little bowl of rice and a tempura rice ball, which was unique and of course miso soup and salad.  Also ordered a pepper tuna plate, which I shared with my hubby.  It was slices of pepper tuna in a yummy ponzu-like sauce.  Delicious.  Fish was fresh and service was good.This place is way on the other side of the world, but I would definitely go again if my sister was so inclined! :)
5	I award this the absolute best sushi, and service in the state of NEVADA... no competition. nicely priced for the portions of food served. Very clean, only request is that open more locations. :)
4	Funky name and even funkier (and funny!) names for rolls. They don't offer AYCE but the rolls are comparably priced.Like almost all great Vegas restaurants, the place is in a strip mall, tucked in a corner spot. Although unassuming, the restaurant itself is actually kinda big.  I didn't look too closely but I believe they have the sushi boats in the center bar. The service was excellent. The food came out quick and when we ordered some lasagna roll, the waitress advised that it would take 10-15 minutes to bake and come out.   There is an extensive menu of sushi to choose from -- we had several rolls, including the Screaming Orgasm, XXX, Monkey Roll, and something with mango and creme cheese (two things I love).  All the rolls were delicious and the fish was very fresh.Once again, I'm amazed about the quality of sushi in Vegas -- you know, being land locked and all. I was very satisfied with I Love Sushi, and will go again.
4	I love I love sushi.I've taken out-of-town guests there 3 or 4 times, and all have left with little japanese food babies and big smiles.  You can miss it easily, as it's tucked into the back of a strip mall...with one tiny little sign to let you know where to turn.  But if you miss it, keep circling until you find it...it's worth it.Consistently fresh sushi, and reasonable prices.  Great, dark wood decor, with serving staff in full traditional dress.  I always feel like I'm on a little fantastic voyage away from Vegas when I step in here.Service isn't as great as some others in the valley, but the price is right, so I can cope with a little less butt-kissing.One of my top sushi picks in the city.  Enjoy!
5	#102 Sun Devin is a must! Other favorites#69 tiger roll, #81 Chris Special, #99 John Homes
2	I totally dug the enterior but that is where it stopped. The rolls all pretty much were the same rolls on the menu,but named different things,looked the same when they came out and were WAY over priced. I live downtown Vegas and drove here because I was on a date, I think I would be much better off at an all you can eat sushi joint on Flamingo,rather than drive to Timbucktoo and pay out the butt for mediocre sushi. The sushi chefs however were very entertaining while chugging booze with the people at the sushi bar and making everyones sushi. That was a plus with the entertainment there.
4	The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because it's a good 15-20 minute drive from the strip and it's in a lousy strip mall (which shouldn't count against them, but for ambiance and setting, it does).Other than that, the sushi is excellent and the prices are awesome. Talk to any local in Las Vegas and they all love this place.
4	I love it, she loves it, we love it. Everyone seems to love 'I love Sushi' (sorry Lucy).A couple of years ago when gf san suggested this place I wasn't so sure. Eating sushi at a place called 'I love Sushi' in a shopping complex behind a gas station you say? Standby while I check my notes please. Sorry gf san, the answer is no. BUT I love sushi and I needed my fill so we tried it anyway. Since then this has become our go-to spot. We love the ambiance, we love the food and we love the kimono-wearing ladies cursing in Japanese (just kidding!).The food's all good. While the sashimi isn't the best I've ever had, it's good enough. Their special rolls are delicious (not to mention creatively-named). The crunch roll and spicy tuna roll somehow always find their way into our order. The lunch specials are ok and I can honestly say I've had better bento box lunches. But if you're eating the bento here you're doing yourself a disservice. Have the real deal - the sushi and sashimi rolls. Finish off with the awesome green tea tempura icecream!
4	Good to know locals. . .It was 5 of us. . .the resto seemed to pretty packed for dinner.The names of the sushi rolls were pretty appealing to Vegas. ..screaming orgasam, i love sex. . .the list goes on and on. . .The food was great! SUSHI is my fave food!WE had a bunch of different rolls. . . we even had 2 full rolls left over!We also ordered my fave. . .hamachi. . .yellowtail sashimi. . .the cut of the hamachi was HUGE and thick. . .Even though its a drive from the strip. . .it was worth it.
4	im gonna give a bump here because my lunch on Friday of assorted sashimi was decadent...maybe it was a fresh order, or maybe its like this all the time?  who knows, but everything was delicious and of excellent quality...  for reference, just basic sashimi orders...  tuna, salmon, albacore, yellowtail, and white fish...  had a piece of a spider roll and it too was also very yummy...maybe it was the Kirin Light, maybe it was just getting off the road after a 4 hour sojourn to Sin City from LA, but id recommend I Love Sushi to those looking for decent dead fish off the beaten path.
5	There is some good sushi out there -- not much, but some. This one is GREAT -- the best in Las Vegas. If you want to kick things up a notch, ask for the Spicy Ponzu instead of using regular soy sauce. The sushi always tastes fresh and their rolls are very creative. Service is always quick. One of my favorite go-to places.
4	I came here for the first time with my girlfriend and overall we had a great experience. One of my favorite food is sushi and I have been to many sushi joints. What makes this place awesome is how friendly is the staff. As soon you sit down at the sushi bar all the sushi chef greet you like they know you even though they never seen you in their lives. The chef recommended the Kiss of Fire and it was the best sushi roll I ever ate. Its not AYCE and it's a bit pricey but the fun festive atmosphere makes this place worth coming back to!!
4	I LOVE SUSHI!Just got back from my umpteenth dinner at I Love Sushi. It's one of my favorite places to eat here in Vegas, esp with a group so we can order lots of different sushi.  We try different things off their large sushi menu (it's almost overwhelming!) and always end up with a new favorite - I usually also order either a rainbow roll or spider roll because they are my favorites. They have something for everyone - basic sushi, spicy, mozzarella filled, baked, deep fried - so. much.sushi!!The decor and costumes are cute, and sometimes the service is slow cause they are usually very busy - but we always have a great meal here and I think it's the best priced sushi in Vegas! The sushi is the only thing I've ordered here, I don't think I've ever been in a group where something has been ordered off the menu...
4	LOVE them! Went the other night w G and we had a good meal! Always do...Goodies: - Lisa Hand roll - G.... fell in love - Tiger roll - old faithful - always good - I Love My Ass - hate to even say the name - however, always great! How can you go wrong w White tuna...btw, the Tuna Tataki salad is another fav - just did not have it that night...Thanks, I Love!I Love You!your constant companion,~dee
4	A few words... I love sushi....It is amazing. It's a must have.Try the something wrong number 5, its tasty and worth the wait. There will be a wait. It should expand because it's just that popular.But they still get a stunning 4!! Keep up the good rolls..
5	this place is incredible. i love the towel they give you to wipe down your hands when you're first seated! Love the food (they have funny names for them). Fish is definitely fresh and customer service is EXCELLENT!!
5	Absolutely best sushi and service ever!...i love, I love sushi...favorite rolls are: jackpot roll, kiss of fire, and screaming orgasm....i just love this place! If u haven't been here yet, u've got to give it a try.
5	Fantastic food, always has been always will be! I have come here since day 1 as a date spot and now many years later as a daddy daughter night out. Hope all you take the chance to experience this very friendly atmosphere!
2	"I love Sushi" should be changed to "I love variety" instead.While I love sushi does offer the traditional nigiri, this place offers way too much rolls that it's almost mind boggling. And the only reason why their rolls are so big is because pack in a lot of rice. The quality of their seafood/fish isn't bad, but I wouldn't say it's good either. It isn't the freshest I've ever had. For the times I've been here, it's always pretty packed and service is ok.Suggestion: to simplify the menu, instead of naming each roll a different name, maybe it should be called one name and put alternative ingredients underneath each name as suggestions of how you can build your sushi...OR if you keep each name, put it by type of ingredients so I don't have to go on searching for specific rolls that have i.e. shrimp tempura, or one's with philly cheese because there is too many freakin' rolls to go through and read. Ai yi yi....Bottom line: Don't think this place is really worth going to considering all that I've said + it's pretty pricey for a place that offers mediocre fish. I also suspect that this place isn't run by or is guided by someone of Japanese decent just by the way the rolls are prepared/served....
4	Love this place!!!  Talk about a HUGE sushi menu.  You can go multiple times without trying everything at this place.  I have only lived in Vegas now for a little over 2 months, but thus far I have yet to find another Sushi joint that I like better.  The only place this place is getting 4 stars and not 5 is because I think it is a bit pricy for what you get.  The service was also mediocre both times I have been here.  Besides that I don't think you can go wrong here.  Tip: The Poke Salad is amazing!  The screaming orgasm is also, well....orgasmic.
4	I love yelp.  I wish people would be stingier with the stars.  Four stars means I have nothing bad to say even if I do.This place is great.  They have apps that are different for a sushi joint, specialty rolls that stand out and atmosphere that is cool, lit well and not so typical in the Japanese storefront feel.The owner will occasionally don the Elvis garb which slays me.  This is a very good restaurant, a great place to turn a newbie on and it has sex appeal.
3	Henderson is such an interesting place - that being said if you're there and want Sushi, they won't disappoint.  Be aware if you bring young children here because a bunch of the rolls are named after sexual positions and experiences lol. Good place to spend a birthday for sure :)
4	I Love Sushi has a very nice layout with a bar in the middle of the restaurant surrounded by tables and booths. All the servers wear  kimonos which is a very nice touch.The menu is overwhelming with so many choices. Luckily I was with someone who had already been here, so she made some recommendations. The first think to come out was the screaming orgasm. I have had quite a few screaming orgasms, but this one in my opinion was the best I had so far. Because of that we ordered a second "Pop". They offer 2 sizes, so the second one wasn't a big O.We all order some sushi-mi, which was very fresh.  The roll we ordered was a 4x4 no rice from the deep fried section. This was very tasty and I will probably order it again.The service was excellent and everyone was very friendly.
5	I am a SUSHI ADDICT!! I need to have it at-least 3-4 times a week... and my choice is always I LOVE SUSHI... I moved from Los Angeles about 5 years ago and found out about I Love Sushi only 2 years ago. Lets just say I would visit family in LA atleast twice a month (so that i could eat sushi.) I think I Love Sushi has the freshest fish and the best selection of sushi, sashimi and rolls. Screaming Orgasm, Spring Mountain Roll, ALmost 90%, I Love My Ass and Lisa Hand Roll are some of my all time favorites!!
4	Great selection of rolls, espcially with soft shell crab.  Cherry Blossom Roll is interesting.  Overall, I haven't been disappointed with this restaurant so far.  Sake Bomb!!
5	Best Japanese food in Vegas by far.Before I even get to saying how amazing the food was I will start with the atmosphere. We got sat at a table with walls around it so it was almost like having our own room. The waitresses wear traditional Japanese garments and speak very little English. It's considered casual but you would look a little under dressed if you showed up in board shorts and flip flops. It is a very cool setup and added to the experience. Now about the amazing food. Sadly enough I didn't try the sushi but I did get the vegetable tempura which was absolutely amazing. Hands down the best I have ever had. My sister got the chicken Lo mein and it had such an amazing flavor to it I wanted to eat her whole meal! My boyfriend got the platter with shrimp tempura and teriyaki chicken. It was huge and he loved it. I think he picked the best thing on the menu! Overall it was amazing and definetly will be a returning customer.
4	I never drove around Henderson before, but after looking for I Love Sushi, I realized it's a really nice residential area with TONS of eateries around! Definitely convenient if you're staying at South Point and don't feel like going on the strip or downtown.I Love Sushi has a very Japanese-style interior which I liked since it makes it more authentic. They have literally HUNDREDS of different types of specialty rolls..not to mention unique (and sometimes embarrassing) names for them! No kidding, it was a little overwhelming to be quite honest, haha. We ended up ordering the Screaming Orgasm, I Love My Ass roll, and the Spider roll. I enjoyed all of them, but I think my favorite would have to be the I Love My Ass roll. Super savory and delicious! The Screaming Orgasm was definitely good, too - it's more like a salad though, just FYI. The rolls are a little pricey, but their portions are pretty generous IMO, so no complaints here! I left with a VERY happy belly :)So yes, recommended and I would definitely not mind eating here again if I'm ever staying at South Point again.
5	This place is the reason why I started liking sushi... I tried it out a couple months ago and now I go back AT LEAST once a week. My favorites are"I Love My Ass" and "Triple X." The staff is friendly and the manager is always around to make sure everyone is happy with their dining experience. Nowhere else satisfies my sushi cravings except I Love Sushi!
5	The first thing that grabs your attention at I Love Sushi is the atmosphere: somewhat subdued without being too dark, and the servers in kimonos. The next thing is the menu, which is very extensive with most of the rolls having a Las Vegas/risque name to them. The last thing is the food: Excellent, enough said.
5	The two best rolls on planet earth: Somethings Wrong #69 & I Love My Ass.I also really enjoyed the Screaming Orgasm =-)
4	Delish ... amazing options. .. highly recommend the screaming orgasm! very authentic, waitress dressed in kimonos & hot towels delivered on arrival :)
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. I love the menu. Come hungry!! The rolls are huge. You really get your moneys worth. It is the best in Nevada!!!
4	Just a quick review: For solid sushi, this place is great. They don't participate in AYCE, like most local spots do--this is the place you want to go to for a fun, energetic environment and very good quality fish! The service has always been spot on and the dishes are great. Being that sushi can get very pricey, I typically order one of the Entree's and a couple rolls, to share. The Entree's are very reasonably priced and they bring you a lot of food. My favorite roll is the Joe's Special! A MUST!!!!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas. Screaming Orgasm and kiss of fire...yummm!!! I won't eat sushi anywhere else
5	Great Sushi and great staff! We go there and see my favorite sushi chef... i don't know his real name, but we call him "sexy buddah" and he is quite the character! Favorite roll is "almost 90% special"
5	My favorite sushi spot in town.  No question. Hands down.  And that's after several years of living here and trying many other spots.Try the Alaskan roll with cream cheese for a real treat!  My favorite roll anywhere!  So fresh and full of flavor with ingredients that taste a notch above the rest.
5	We live in LA and go here with a group of 40 friends every year as a special outing. The staff is so accommodating and fun it's amazing, given how chaotic serving 40 people at once could be.  The sushi is always great and the names of the rolls are a lot of fun.  Everything I've tried has been top notch, and with 40 people along I figure I've tried about everything.
5	A great place to eat rolls. They proved me wrong that 'sushi' isn't always about nigiri and sashimi. Atmosphere is great, the rolls hardly have any rice, and tons of fresh fish....mmm.. I LOVE, I LOVE SUSHI!! The bill may be pricey because its not all you can eat, BUT nonetheless its worth every grain of rice!!! Trust me, I've only been doing ayce at sushi houses for the past six years only because I didn't believe in getting full off of rolls. But I LOVE SUSHI can create some badass dishes!!!
5	Seriously freaking love this place.  I try to come here whenever i can, usually the weekends when frankie is working.  Best sushi you can get in town hands down.  The service is awesome as well.  Even though its a loud and rowdy atmosphere, its part of the sushi dining experience.  I usually only order 2 rolls, but they really hit the spot.  HIGHLY Recommended.  Order ryans special, its amazing!
4	Favorite sushi place in the Vegas area.  Great rolls, quite a large list of them, the sushi is good, not great.  Place is filled with regulars, so you know the food is good.  Never have eaten off the menu, can't stay away from the sushi.  I love my ass roll, sexy time roll are both unique and very good.
5	This is a great neighborhood/chain place to find good sushi. Prepare to be amused!
5	After several tries my famly convinced me to try sushi so I did.  Six of us went to I LOVE SUSHI to celebrate my grandson's 20th birthday.  He's been a fan of sushi since he was 7 so who am I to argue?  LOL.  I'm hooked.  We ordered 10 different items and just layed them on the table smorgasbord style.  Wow.   The Japanese Lasagna is great but I would recommend sharing it cuz it's very rich as was the Orange Bowl, no rice - excellent! .  I particularly like the Mistake roll, D.C. Roll, Franky's special  and the Yum Yum Roll.  Everything was terrific but those were my favorites. Had something called Joe's Special and Johhnie's Special roll and like them as well.   I especially like the cucumber salad they served as we sat down.  My younger grandson doesn't eat sushi but ordered a plate of Pot Stickers and loved them.  I have nothing to compare this place to foodwise but I know that everything I tried was excellent and very well prepared.   Had to bring home a couple of containers of their pickled ginger and the wasabi is REALLY over the top good.  The service was great but I have to admit we got there early in the evening.   The ambience is Japanese right down to the kimoni type dress the waitresses were wearing.  Gave a nice touch to the whole ethnic scene.  My  highly experienced sushi loving friends are happy that I'll be joining them from now on and they recommend I Love Sushi also.   Gotta go with the flow on this one.
4	I really love the sushi here. It's a very modern, Americanized, sushi experience. However, the quality of fish is excellent so if you're in a more traditional sushi mood you will enjoy the toro, yellowtail, albacore, and salmon. But if you're ready to utilize all of your taste buds they have some of the most delicious and creative rolls in the city. "I love my ass" and "tastes like my ex girlfriend" are favorites of mine, but I would highly recommend starting with a spicy tuna hand roll. When I lived in Vegas I was a regular here, and when I come back to visit I try to make a point to hit this place at least once.
5	Always awesome!
5	I have been all over this lovely town of Las Vegas in search of a sushi place I can call home, and after nearly 5 years off and on, I have finally found it. I Love Sushi was AMAZING!!! From the two sided menu with endless amounts of creative goodness, to the hilarious names of the items (ex. Screaming Orgasm, The Threesome, etc.), to the timely and polite service from both the waitresses and sushi chef's, this place is great.Enough seating that even when its busy, it shouldnt be too long of a way and the food comes out nearly as fast and fresh as when you order it.Pricing is GREAT!GO TO I LOVE SUSHI ASAP!!!
5	This place was awesome! The waitress was dressed in a kimono and the place had great ambiance. I felt like I was transported to Japan. We ordered California Roll and Spider Roll plus a Miso Soup for less than 20 bucks! I will be coming back here again soon!
4	I had heard mulitple extremely good comments about "I love sushi" and decided to give it try, even though i am not the biggest sushi fan.  The first thing I noticed when we sat down was the big menu with such great options... The screaming orgasm is absolutely to die for.  Price is good, service is ok.  Wouldn't say it's great, wouldn't say it's bad.  Overall, it's very enjoyable.
5	I love... I Love Sushi!  We have been enjoying our neighborhood sushi bar for many years.  It is always packed - which is a tell-tale sign of how good the food is.  My favorites made special for me... Spicy Yellowtail with brown rice, a big dot of Sriracha and fresh jalapenos on each piece -yummm =)) I also love the Screaming Orgasm- no rice.  My kids have been eating yellowtail since they could eat solid food- thanks to I love sushi. I would highly recommend this sushi bar. Plus the owners and sushi chefs are really cool.
4	Pretty dang good!  They have so many rolls with really funny names. Personally, the "I love my ass roll" is one of my favorites.
4	I do enjoy the more traditional sashimi and simple spicy tuna hand rolls - but there was something fun about reading the menu at I Love Sushi.  Makes ordering fun.I loved that the waitresses wore traditional kimonos.And the fancy rolls were delightful.
4	Solid sushi restaurant. Large variety of rolls--at least 70 different types. Indeed, the screaming orgasm and kiss of fire are delicious! Kindly ask friendly sushi chef J.B. for extra hot sauce. Their flavors & friendliness will not disappoint. Without a doubt, I will be back.
5	It was amazing!  One roll that is a sleeper is the Last Call.  This what I would a nontraditional roll, but really good.  You have to save room for desert, tempura cheesecake, I could have the whole cake.
5	We live in LA and go here with a group of 40 friends every year as a special outing. The staff is so accommodating and fun it's amazing, given how chaotic serving 40 people at once could be.  The sushi is always great and the names of the rolls are a lot of fun.  Everything I've tried has been top notch, and with 40 people along I figure I've tried about everything.
4	I drive 25 miles across town at least three times a week passing 100+ other sushi restaurants.  I love for the Screaming O, Something Wrong 69, Jackpot Special, and Grand Canyon rolls.  The wait is never long, and if it were, it would be worth it.
5	One of my favorite sushi places in town. Always delicious.
5	When I Love Sushi opened up in Henderson it was the first in the area.  The owner and his only sushi chef created some of the most melting in your mouth sushi dishes from Screaming Orgasm to Cherry Blossom along with great service. I was hooked and was a regular (3x wk +) customer til I moved out of state.  Its busy every day so make reservations and its well worth the wait and service.  Prices are reasonable and ambiance is great as well.
5	Great sushi! One of my favorite places always busy!!! all my family goes there and love it! Great service, family friendly and very fresh fish!  U gotta love I love sushi!!!!!
5	Absolutely awesome sushi! Best in Las Vegas! Wait staff not 100% great in customer service...sometimes language barrier.Little pricey...no AYCE, but they know ppl will pay extra for their rolls cause they are that good!
5	My most FAVE sushi place. Their rolls are on the pricey side and there's no all you can eat BUT their rolls are so worth it. Each roll I've had there has so many flavors and it always tastes fresh. They come in good size portions and not the small kind where you see in reg sushi spots.
5	By far the best,freshest Sushi in Las Vegas! Great atmosphere, and always a fun crowd. Even when it's busy there is never a wait.
5	My favorite sushi place!
5	I have never been to a sushi restaurant I love more than this place.  It's hands down my favorite sushi restaurant so far.  The ambiance is good, the food is fantastic, the prices are fair, the service is great.  I always try something new when I go and have yet to be disappointed but I always get the sweet shrimp- they serve it with the head fried.  Not all places do that, in particular sushi buffets, which I'm not very fond of.
2	The service was soooo bad. I consider myself a good tipper (20% or more), but I barely left 10%. The waitress took our order for one roll and before I could order our next roll, she was already leaving. I had to stop her, and when I did she rolled her eyes at me. I have never experienced anything like it. Then, it took an hour and a half to get my full order of TWO rolls. It wasn't even busy. The food wad just meciocre. After reading the reviews, I ordered the Screaming Orgasm and 69 dish (forgot the whole name) because they got such great reviews but they were a total disappointment. I have had a lot of sushi in my time, and some of the best I've had were at small litle places, so I'm pretty open-minded, but this was nothing to write home about. It was hard to gauge the freshness of the fish, seemed like it was thawed, but not really sure. Definitely not going back. Total waste.
4	Excellent Sushi! Great quality fish, especially on the weekends. I like the atmosphere, and the Sushi chef's are very friendly and skilled.
5	Still the best Sushi in Vegas, or Henderson. Fresh Fish, Creative Rolls.. Great Sushi Chefs...
4	Love the name, love the place.I have been here a few times over the years, I'd be there so much more if it wasn't on the other side of town. I have never had a complaint. I always get their Edamame and Spider Roll, my favorites. This time we also got the Sexy Time Special Roll, which I really liked...nice amount of hot with great contrasting textures. And the Dragon roll, eel..yum!Staff is always great. Fun atmosphere and decor.
4	When a friend told me the name of the restaurant, I was a bit apprehensive...but the place was packed and we were seated quickly. Wow...the names of the rolls are fun and sex-themed. We shared some sashimi and a couple rolls and everything was great! I can't wait to go back! We had the Sex on The Beach roll, Lobster Roll, Tuna, Yellowtail and Albacore sashimi....everything was great!
4	This I Love Sushi . . .this is good stuff. It's a bit of a trek, especially from the center of Las Vegas, but after two visits here I can say it is worth it. Who would have thought there would be so many sushi restaurants out this way, but many there are and thanks to a recommendation from a local in the know we found I Love Sushi. I'm not a sushi expert but I can tell when the food is fresh and of excellent quality. Next time you're in a sushi restaurant order some Uni. It's a good way to gauge the quality of the food. I Love Sushi's Uni scores well.Sitting at the bar, I thought the sushi chefs were professional, friendly, entertaining, funny and good at what they do which is to make great looking and tasty sushi.The service was very attentive, almost too much so, but that could be attributed to the fact that this restaurant actually reads their Yelp reviews and realized that people have previously made comments about their iffy service. Here are two dishes I've had and really liked, the Caterpillar Roll - tempura shrimp, cucumber, eel topped with avocado and eel sauce; and the Dragon Roll - California roll topped with eel and eel sauce. Both were fresh, fresh, fresh.
5	This place has some really good sushi, however it would be cool if it was all you can eat (I drove from summerlin bc of all the hype and I didn't even check if it was AYCE)....but it wasn't a big deal at all! Overall had a great time here and the staff is very friendly! Will definitely stop by here again!
5	This is our favorite sushi place. Try the John Holmes Roll, the Who's Your Daddy Roll, and the I Love Sushi Roll and this will become your favorite as well.
4	With a name like this, I expected horrible food. However, my well-traveled sushi connoisseur buddy insisted on leaving the strip and driving off toward Henderson to the great little sushi dive. I call it a dive only due to the older, casual ambiance. The food and service were solid 5 star.We overate ordering something like 12-14 rolls for 2 people. Additionally, we both had the sashimi salad. Many of the rools have too much mayonnaise or funky sauces. If you catch it upfront and request only brown rice, you can make this a healthy v hardy experience.The sashimi salad is one of the most generous and best sashimi salads I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. I will definitely come back!
3	Location, location, location.  Why the hell is this place so eff-ing far?!?!  JK, it's not THAT far.  Just far from me.Truthfully I'm a sushi snob.  I feel that I have found the absolute best sushi place in Vegas, and I Love Sushi is not it.The food wasn't bad though.  The tuna didn't look as fresh as I would have liked, so I chose to leave that part of my Hawaiian roll to my friend.  If he got sick, well it was his fault for dragging me there.   The Monkey Roll was pretty good.  That was really the only way I got out of feeling like I was cheating on my sushi place; by eating things on the menu that my joint didn't offer.Tried my first oyster shooter at I Love Sushi.  To quote myself the day that I tried it, "How is it possible that they took a lot of really really good things, put them together, and made them awful?"  Oyster on the half shell for me, please.I did like how big it was and the kimonos that the hostess/waitress wore.  Very colorful.  Loved the sound of their flip-flops flippy-flopping.One last thing....is there anyone else that felt like they were borderline dark-dining?  It's called a L-A-M-P.
5	I've been to many sushi restaurants around town and this has got to be the best one thus far. Great service, fresh fish, and a relaxing ambience. Always a returning customer!
2	Went here for a birthday dinner since the yelp reviews were 4-star.  Figured we would try a new place but should have stayed with Sushi Factory across the street. Only 1 vegetable roll to choose from, & only 1 piece of it had avocado & no cucumber. I also ordered veggie tepan yaki - except the onion & there was lots of them, the rest was all green, not too visually appealing- put some variety in there. The rice was served with the soup so definitely cold by the time my dinner was served & her combo dinner still took another 5-10 minutes. So really need better planning. Won't be back.
4	A great choice for Sushi. The product moves. The help is great and the prices are fair. I love the "Threesome" or the "Super white fish" don't hesitate to eat here.
5	This might be some of the best sushi I've had so far in the Valley.  I had the crunch and monkey roll.  Amazingly good as was the other items I sampled at our table.   The menu is extensive as our the portions.  No AYCE option but I didn't think the price was bad for what you get.  My only complaint is that they don't have a spot closer to me!
5	This is truly one of the best sushi places in town! Even though I live all the way in Aliante, in North Las Vegas, I have no qualms driving the 45 minutes to I Love Sushi! Service is impeccable, pricing is not outrageous, and the food is to die for! Definitely a must try for any sushi lover in town!
5	If you are from Cali don't eat at those high price Sushi places on the strip or hotels. This is the place to go and of course you'll need a car to get here. My girlfriend and I always go to I love Sushi because of the quality of the food and prices. For what you paid to eat Sushi at a fancy hotel you can feed about four people at I love Sushi. The service is friendly and they welcome everyone in their restaurant.The girls are dress in their kimonos - pretty cool. Please try I love Sushi if you're ever in Las Vegas and have a car. Trust me you'll be happy that you saved some money and had some good sushi.
4	This is some of the best Japenese in Vegas. We try to make it there every time we get to town. It's out of the way but worth the drive.we always enjoy the spicy tuna roll. Everything is prepared to perfection.
5	Just had another magnificent dinner here.  We don't visit Las Vegas very often, but whenever we do, we always devote at least one dinner to this place.  Not only does it provide us a break from the chaos of the Strip, but the food here is fantastic!You will Definitely get far more value for your money here than on the Strip.  If you do come, you have to try the Ika Tempura!  We had 2 orders last night.  Crispy on the outside, and soft, but slightly firm (as it should be) on the inside!  Yum!  The staff is almost alarmingly attentive!  (unlike trying to get any kind of service in the Strip Casinos)It goes without saying, but I will anyway, that the Sashimi is top notch!  The pieces of fish, etc, are gratifying of sufficient size as to make them visible/identifiable to the naked eye...not always the case (these days)If you need a delicious break from the Strip, and your tastes turn toward sushi, you really should try this place. I Love Sushi is (probably) a Franchise...this particular one is the BEST that we've found!
3	This might be a biased review because I have only been here once during the hot lunch hour.My friend and I were seated for about 15 minutes with our menus down and ready to order w/ out a peep from any of the waitresses.  I was already displeased with this considering, I had to go back to work within a certain timeframe.  I hate when lunch hours take longer than they should!  And the restaurant was not even full!  Boo!Second, our orders took awhile to come out and we ONLY ordered 2 rolls, a salad, and an appetizer. Really?  That should not have taken very long to come out!  I was fairly disappointed.  Good thing the waitress was always apologetic.We ordered the Garlic Chili Pepper Edamame, best edamame appetizer I've ever had.  Loved it!  We also ordered the rainbow roll; it was fresh and good tasting.  The crispy spicy tuna rice cake was amazing.  Has a nice jalapeno kick to it and definitely something I would come back for.  Their sashimi salad was ok; fish wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it, and I'm not too fond of their salty special sauce.I might be back to try more rolls before I give up on this place.  There are just so many good sushi joints in the Southwest area to come back here.  We'll see!  Stay tuned!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (45/365).
5	My new favorite sushi place!Loved everything about this place - especially their food and service!As soon as we were seated we were given warm towels to clean our hands with, which is a nice bonus you don't get at many sushi restaurants. Even though there were many customers at the restaurant and more kept coming in, I was surprised at how fast our food came out after we ordered. Hubby and I ordered the chicken teriyaki entree, and 2 rolls (Happy Ending and Alligator). Everything tasted so fresh and just right; the rolls are also a good portion. I was also surprised at how spacious this restaurant was; from the outside it doesn't look very big, but this place can definitely accommodate large groups! Will definitely be coming back here :)
4	Love this place and I have been a regular since opening day. I do go to other sushi bars to try out, but keep returning to I love sushi. Maybe its the way they immediately greet you when you walk in the door. Even if there is a wait, which there typical when we go on the weekends, its only 10 -15 minutes. Our favorite - The screaming orgasm, seared ahi with a mayo and vinegar sauce on top of daikon radish! Yum.. the only difference I have seen over the years is the portion is getting smaller. The large order now looks like what the small did 4 years ago. The bonzai roll is another favorite, shrimp tempura rolled into a california roll and drizzled with teryaki sauce. Spicy salmon another good choice along with the James Bond roll. All this with a Sapporo beer makes for a great dinner out! If you love sushi, this is a place to try. They have a huge selection, food tastes great and the service is fast!
5	Hands down the best sushi place in the valley.  The manu is HUGE and can be a bit daunting, until you realize that just about everything is fantastic, so no matter what you order, it's bound to be delicious.  There are simply too many great rolls to list here - I would suggest going with a group and sharing whatever sounds appetizing.  Aside from the sushi, the normal menu is also great, particularly their chicken katsu bento.The service is fast and efficient, and you are mostly left to eat in peace.  One note: this place can get a bit pricy, more akin to what you'd find on the strip, but the excellent sushi is well worth the price.
4	Note that this place is NOT anywhere near the strip... but we happened to be out in the area for a soccer tournament and went here based on a recommendation from a friend. My friend and I got 3 things to share. (My apologies, I do not remember the names.)1. Pepper Tuna - By far the BEST pepper tuna I've ever had. Its super peppery, but sooo good. It comes with a really great sauce that you just want to drink. LOL2. Salmon wrapped around avocado - No rice. -- I'm not usually a salmon fan, but this dish was really good. The salmon was fresh and melted in your mouth. 3. Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice - I've had this before at several other places... you cant really mess it up. The rice cake was nice and crispy and they top it with sriracha and a sliced jalapeno. YUM.I really enjoyed this place and would totally go back. We are out that way for our soccer tournament every April... so we will definitely be back. GO HERE!
4	No all you can eat here but they make up for that in delicious rolls! Probably one of the better quality near Silverado Ranch/ Seven Hills areaBeen there twice one during dinner and another for lunch and even though they were packed the service was sitll great.
5	I have to say this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food and the atmosphere is great. I recommend having the "Frankie Special", I have to get it every time I go. Second favorite would be "The Sundevil Roll". Delicious!
5	A paradise away from the overcrowded touristy places on the strip. If the names of the custom rolls (pages of them) doesn't amaze you, the taste will. Plus the chefs at the sushi bar are a riot.The prices here are fantastic enough that my friend and I stuffed our faces (we're both big guys) and the tab didn't even make a dent in our wallet. Quick service, delicious creations, and clean eating area. Lots of eye candy too :)
4	Ate here for lunch over the weekend while visiting my parents. Cute abiance. Tons of different custom rolls. Great seaweed salad. Friendly waitstaff. My only complaint...I asked for water and the waitress brought me a glass of someone else's water that she refilled. She apologized profusely, and I don't feel sick, so that's good!Located in strip mall kind of behind a Taco Bell. Would definitely visit again if in the area!
4	We've been a few times now and enjoy the food very much.  Service can be a little slow as they are quite busy - but that happens.  Spicy Tuna - down the road has essentially the same menu and they're half as busy.  My feeling is the rolls are a cut above...and the service is better.
5	If you like Americanized special rolls, this place is definitely for you!  They have a large selection for specialty rolls.  Their rolls are creative.  I have been to quite a few sushi restaurants all over the States but this place had some rolls that I have never seen before.  All the fish tasted fresh and delicious.  They are a little pricier but they have a good service and pretty waitresses.  They have  a large sushi counter and can get packed easily.  We got to the restaurant at 5:30 and the place was already more than half full.  I would love to go back and try some other rolls next time I am in Vegas.
5	Best sushi place ever!! Very exotic and different sushi rolls. All their fish is fresh and I have never been disappointed. I get spicy tuna handroll w/ soy paper, Ryan's special , kiss of fire , cherry blossom. Trust me you won't go wrong with this place.
4	Not bad sushi.  My husband and I went there about 7:30 on a Friday and got in within 5 minutes, even though the restaurant was quite busy.  We got the Vegas (I know a strange thing for locals to get!) boat for 2 and a caterpillar roll.  I thought it was a bit pricey ($47 for 2); however, the portions were generous.  The two layers of beef in the beef teriyaki made it worth.  Not bad.  More than generous for two!
5	One of the best sushi places in Vegas.Love the oyster shooter.
5	5 stars isnt enough for this place...... literally the BEST sushi i have EVER had..... they have so many different types of rolls and well a great selection of hand rolls.  i eat here about twice a week (which is not enough, if u ask me!!!).  the fish is so fresh, the flavors are amazing, and the atmosphere is fun too!  The staff are all friendly.  As soon as you walk in, the entire staff greets you.  Some of my favorite rolls include the screaming orgasm, spring mountain roll, almost 90%, and the lisa hand roll.  Just writing this review makes me want to go have some now!!!!!
5	Hands down the best sushi in Henderson.  Quality sushi has been coming out of this place for years. Always consistent.  Great, friendly service.   The manager is always super nice.Best deals on sashimi in LV.
5	Don't walk,run for the best sushi and service anywhere. No matter when you go, the sushi is the freshest, it melts in your mouth. They often have special items not on the menu, so ask your chef what they have. They also have fresh wasabi root that is grated if you ask for it. Everyone is friendly, from the chef, to the servers and the owner. We are always greeted when we walk in the door. We have friends and family that have eaten sushi across the US and they agree this is the best.
3	It's good. Proportions and quality of food were regular. I enjoyed the decor and how the servers were dressed to represent the Japanese culture. Had the unagi bowl which came with a salad and the jackpot roll. After all the sushi I ate that day, every roll started to taste the same (I had ayce sushi at the Kaya restaurant earlier) so I can't rave about any of their rolls in particular because none of them stood out and that's not a bad thing...I just couldn't find anything that stood out exceptionally to give this place 5 stars. Anyways, try their garlic edamame.
5	The location and exterior of this place don't seem promising (behind a gas station) but don't let that fool you. This place is quite a hidden gem. Great sushi and bento boxes. I'm particularly hooked on their fish tempura and beef teriyaki which are on their lunch special. Sushi chefs are always pleasant.
5	First time I walked in to I Love Sushi was about four years ago and the sushi chefs yelled "James Dean, hi James Dean!" at me. Now, I've been called a lot of things in my life, mostly Macauley Culkin, but I have NEVER been called James Dean for the indisputable fact that I plain and simple don't look like the Rebel Without A Cause. However, after doing a few shooters and sake bombs with the chefs, I truly did feel like Dean and we joked and joked about it until I walked to my car and let someone else drive so I didn't actually end up like the late actor (faceplanted into the pavement.)Joking aside, this sushi is the best in town. I've never been disappointed by a visit and every time I try something new and have a new favorite roll. Some of my favorite menu items include the Bonzai Roll and the Yellowtail Sashimi. The flavors of each are top notch and so fresh. Lunch specials are very affordable and include a buttload of food. Stop reading this already and go find out why we all love I Love Sushi!
5	The best sushi in town anywhere, hands down. Everything we've had has been great, so feel free to explore the entire menu!
3	Did not live up to my expectations! Jackpot roll was highly recommended and supposedly their best roll, but it tasted like a basic roll. If u want real sushi, head down to SD:)
5	Great food, great atmosphere!  My favorite place for sushi in Vegas.
5	Whether you're a fan of sushi or not, this is the place to go for the freshest, tastiest food anywhere.  The ladies are always friendly and work their hardest.  The have lunch specials, and many good quality items to offer.  Enjoy!  Loved this place!
4	Wish I could give 3.5, but will be generous.  We ordered entrees rather than sushi.  We first shared the butter yaki appetizer with scallops.  I don't associate scallops with Japanese food so I don't really know why we ordered this, but OMG they were the most tender scallops I have ever eaten!  And the portion size was very generous, so we took half home.  They were still surprisingly tender after being reheated in a microwave four days later.  Wow!  The rest of our food was ok to very good, not spectacular.  We both ordered entrees that came with 2 main items.  My vegetable tempura was very good and the salmon teriyaki good, but my husband didn't like his two selections very well (mackerel and spicy chicken, both only ok).  However, the miso soup, salad and side dishes that come with the entrees were all good and we had a lot of food left over.  Overall, we were satisfied.It was busy and we had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated.   It seemed noisy in the main/bar area, but luckily we ended up just to the left of the front door where it was a little quieter.If we go back, which we probably will, we'll try the sushi because I suspect that's what they do best.  (Maybe the butter yaki again, too.)  But if we're in the mood for non-sushi entrees, we will probably stick with En Sushi.
5	All I can say is you got to go and try it. My new spot.
5	Very high quality ingredients with great service. The atmosphere is fun if you sit at the bar, intimate if you sit in a booth, or great for families or parties at a table. My husband and I love this place. They will custom make anything, also. Sake bomb, anyone? :-)
5	Alright! Off season is officially over. I'm all settled in Vegas. It's time to get back to some good ole fashioned reviewing. I've got a lot of places to review but what better place to start than "I Love Sushi" because anyone that knows me, knows that I really LOVE sushi more than anyone!Cozily located in a strip mall in Henderson, I Love Sushi is one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas, on or off the strip. The place is always bumping and the staff is always friendly. Although some of the roll names are less than desirable (example: Tastes Like Your Ex Girlfriend...) TMI and very SCARY DUDE! Not partaking in that one right off the bat, no offense! I'd use more examples but I am unable to find a copy of their heavily sexual connotated menu online. Poking fun at their menu's items is like fishing from a barrel.I recommend starting off with the oyster shooters. I order mine minus the quail egg. For those that are into the whole Rocky raw egg thing, have at it! You might want to even ask for my discarded ones as I've certainly discarded enough of them, although I can't guarantee they'll hook that up. Their oyster shooters set the mood quite nicely for date night. Gotta love those aphrodisiacs! Yum yum!I typically am a creature of habit when it comes to ordering sushi so I don't mean to bore anyone after this point. I love the Philly Roll + asparagus. Even better is their "spicy ponzu sauce" option which is not offered elsewhere at most other sushi bars.All in all, this place is one of the good ones. It's about as unpretentious as it gets and the quality is as good if not better as that that can be found at many of the high end strip sushi bars, without the lofty price tags. My name is Bobbi Billard and I approve of this message. I'm on a mission to become the Duchess of this restaurant... Stay tuned.
5	My first experience with I Love Sushi was just a few days ago and I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK! My friend and I sat at the bar, and we were quickly taken care of. The sushi was amazing, the ambiance was so authentic, it's definitely a new favorite. Being new to the area I was searching and searching for a sushi place off the strip (I love RA sushi) and I've found it!
5	I Love Sushi is one of those local spots that are as good as it gets. It is not the flashiest or most expensive and it doesn't have a famous chef. It's just quality, consistent, and delicious. I didn't think I was going to give a 5 to anywhere for a while but when I started to try and pick it apart I couldn't really say anything bad about it. They are fast with their service, but not too fast. The dishes are always delivered exactly the same. The food quality is always very high. The fish is very fish. Prices are reasonable.If there was a 4.5 stars I would have considered that one just because of the decorations. It is nice, but based on the volume and quality of the place, it could use a little facelift to reflect the true quality of who it is. It's not bad, its clean, its just a little old and tired looking. But that would not distract from going.If I want American style sushi, this is the spot. If I want more authentic Japanese sushi I always go to Miko's Izakaya. Two totally different styles. Both best in class.
4	While this place was certainly great, there's just something about it that keeps it from being 5 stars. The food is delicious, the fish is fresh, and the service is fast and friendly. But there just isn't anything about this place that makes it "a great deal" or "worth the high price." But the food, for the price, is just average. It's basically, exactly what you expect to get for the price you pay.The options here are neverending. Seriously, the roll menu is HUGE. With so many different rolls, there's going to be something you like, no matter what your tastes are.If you're a lover of fresh fish, definitely try the screaming orgasm, it is so yummy. This place would be 5 stars if it was just slightly cheaper. While the fish is definitely good, I've also had a ton that's better quality for the same prices. And I guess that is I Love Sushi's fatal flaw: it has, ever so slightly, over-priced itself.The prices are about average for a sushi place, but definitely not on the cheap side. If you're the kind of person who has sushi multiple times per week, you're better off finding a slightly less expensive place. For the occaisional sushi night, though, this place is perfect and you will leave happy.
5	A local place with one of the best rolls I have had...the "burning your stomach roll" It's extremely spicy, but one of the best I have tasted. And the sushi is always fresh. Service has always been great...the only minor complaint would be sometimes the sushi doesn't come out all together..that could be annoying if you are in a larger group and some people don't have their food. But other than that a great place and prices are great as well. The menu is huge, so it could take you a while too decide.
5	I really enjoy eating at this place their roles are very good, and fresh
5	Best Sushi place in Vegas!My wife and discovered this place about two months ago.  A week hasn't gone by without us going there.  Always crowded, but never had to wait more than 15 minutes to sit.  Staff is friendly and very good.My wife's favorite cut roll is the Double D.  She can't get enough of the Chef's Special sauce. I love the hand rolls.  They really pile the sushi in there.  They don't hold back and I love it.The selection is unbelievable and the quality matches it.  Love the place and super happy we found our go to sushi place.
4	My husband and I are kind of obsessed with the AYCE deal at one particular sushi place in town so we kind of had to force ourselves to try something new. We decided on I Love Sushi thanks to the great reviews!We went for lunch so it was pretty quiet and our food came out pretty quickly. They have a HUGE menu with lots of unique specialty rolls. We had one that was drenched in a garlic butter sauce which was absolutely horrible for us but tasted delicious.We tried some plain nigiri and I was pleased by the quality and freshness of the fish- it was pretty fantastic. But the price was a bit high for everything we got and since I am a mega sushi pig, I want to eat a lot of sushi! Still, the interesting menu selection would be enough to bring me back for lunch or something in the future.
4	I love this place, I love their Lunch Combos, decent portions for the buck!
4	i will always go back here.quality everytime.
5	This place is as good as it gets, period. Every time I visit Vegas I take my 20 min drive from the strip and visit this restaurant. They Sushi is amazing. Do yourself a favor and come to this restaurant.
5	Best sushi ever!Bam bam is the best roll! Love this place!  Very busy on thr weekends but will accommodate you.  They're pretty quick with your orders.  Become a regular, theyll have your dish ready when u sit down!Highly recommended!
5	Yum
5	I set the standard for all other sushi by this restaurant.
4	This was the first sushi place i went to after i moved out here.  It is pretty good, always crowded.  my fav. is the cherry blossom!  that is my every time visit must!  the service for the most part has always been pretty standard, only on once occasion was is a little poor...  i have not been here in a few months, but will be back soon!
5	Hands down the best sushi place in the whole Las Vegas valley. It has good fresh fish, entertaining staff that have a great time, and a great menu. Can't really say enough about them. My top chefs are Frankie, Boom Boom, PJ, and Joe.
3	As sushi places go, I Love Sushi is just fine. The fish was fresh, if unremarkably presented. The edamame was a bit overdone, and the pods were not nearly as fresh and green as I've had in other places, and the miso soup was just OK. Before we ordered we were given a little taste teaser of cucumbers drenched in a vinegary concoction; might have been nice but the cukes were pretty soggy.Prices are extremely fair, no issues there. The waitress gave us a warm towels for our hands before beginning our meal, a nice touch!The atmosphere is comfortable; it is a large restaurant with white tablecloths, and the noise level was nicely muted, not loud at all.I join other yelpers in wishing for the half-star option, because I would have given I Love Sushi 3-1/2 stars. I rounded down to 3 stars, because as the service was excellent, it was also somewhat mechanical, but mostly I rounded down because of the aforementioned glitches with the edamame and cucumber teaser.I will say that based on the many sushi restaurants I have patronized, I would rate I Love Sushi as average. I wouldn't hesitate to come here again, but I would probably choose another restaurant if given the choice.
5	This is one of the best sushi restaurants I have been to anywhere. They have a wild collection of specialty rolls with some of the filthiest names on earth. The Spicy Ponzu is liquid heroin. drink the leftovers, you will never be the same! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I really can't say enough about this place.  The sushi chefs are awesome and they will make you anything you ask for.  The fish is always fresh and yummy.  I like going there because they remember us and know what we like.  Plus if you are undecided they will create some special just for you.  Fantastic service and great food.  Best sushi joint we have ever eaten at.
4	Love the Agadashi tofu, Spider Roll and the salmon sashimi!  The warm towels prior to dining is a nice touch!  This place is always packed on the weekends so be prepared to wait!  I'm definitey becoming a fan of this place!
5	Best sushi in Henderson
4	Had the edamame and california rolls. Good food. Ok service.
4	My wife and I eat here a lot, but I have to say my favorite experience was watching a Monday Night Football game. I watched a few guys get absolutely trashed on sake bombs while eating at the sushi bar. Oh, and the food is really good too!
4	Gooooood stuff. I am not from the area but read the reviews and said why not. I am glad my fellow yelp friends didn't steer me wrong. This place has some great names for their sushi but some really great sushi. Try the Mountain Roll or the I Love Sushi Roll. You wont regret  going here, even if you are away from strip drive here and enjoy. You'll thank me later.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi spot. You must try the screaming orgasm, the I love sushi special roll, and the Grand Canyon roll. There are many others that are just as fabulous. The menu is huge- you could order something different every time. Service is great. Prices reasonable. Since finding this place I don't go anywhere else for sushi.
5	I've been coming here for over two years now and it's always consistent. You can find me here once a week usually Saturday nights. A couple of our favorites are Sexy Time, Double D, Frankie Special and Gary Special. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
3	3.5 stars5 stars for Ambience: I really loved the ambience here. I don't know how they did it but I felt extremely comfortable and ready to eat as soon as I entered the door. I would definitely hire their interior designer if I ever opened a sushi joint. Furthermore, I like how everyone is in costume from the sushi chefs to the kimonos on the waitresses. 3 stars for Nigiri: Ordered yellowtail, salmon, and uni. It wasn't fresh as I expected. Is it because it was a Monday night?2 stars for Dinner Bento box: It came with tofu steak, katsu, and other bento items. Weak dish, pobably not a good idea to order it again.3 stars for Kake Udon: Noodles were perfectly cooked, broth had a nice mushroom/earthy undertone.3.5 stars for agedashi tofu: Decent flavors and decent serving (enough for 3-4 people to share). Conclusion: It seems that I should try famous rolls next time I return. I really like the interior design so much that I'd come here with my friends to grab a few drinks and appetizers in the near future.
5	The service at I Love Sushi is as good as the rolls, I drive past a dozen sushi spots on my way to I Love Sushi... Because I Love Sushi. Do yourself a favor and get a Sex on the Sushi, Rolley Rice Bowl, and the Screaming Orgasm.
5	Food, service, atmosphere: all fantastic!! This gem of a sushi restaurant is in a small strip center. It's worth it tho, because once you step in, you're transported to what you would think would have to be an expensive restaurant. However, it's not. The geisha-inspired waitress brings you hot towels and a palate-cleansing cucumber salad while you peruse the menu.  The sushi is plentiful and has ingenious names like 'Bam Bam' and ' Screaming Orgasm'. We had the Monkey Roll, the crunch roll, the Bam Bam, and some baked mussels. The hot tea is HOT, so be careful! The staff is attentive, the food comes out quickly, and the sushi is fresh off the boat!! My kids are sushi sharks, and my 9 year old son doubles down on his spice, so this was definitely a place for us. Good stuff, and we will be back!
5	I have tried several places here in Henderson and one one impressed me, I Love Sushi :)Try the Jerry Roll or any of the sashimi or sushi...All Very fresh.  And their service is definitely 5 stars too.
5	I have been to several sushi spots all around Vegas and around the country and this is my absolute favorite place to eat sushi. I like to do all you can eat but sadly this place doesn not offer AYCE  suchi so it can get pretty expensive. If you ever go I recommend you try the screaming orgasm... you wont regret it.
5	The sushi here is so good and fresh that it literally melts in your mouth. The waitress was extremely friendly and the service was quick. This is a must go to sushi place.
5	Super crowded but worth the wait.
5	This place is AMAZING. One of my favorites, if not my very favorite, sushi place in Vegas.  The atmosphere is awesome, with a cordial staff dressed in cute, themed clothes. The prices are reasonable, for sushi. There are many unique options, and every item comes perfectly prepared, often with an interesting design. And EVERYTHING is delicious.  Highly recommended!
3	I've always been a big fan of I Love Sushi, but I haven't been here in a while.  In the meantime, I've eaten sushi all over Vegas and discovered that I Love Sushi isn't all that it's cracked up to be.  The sushi is good.  I love their oyster shooters, but their 2000 different rolls all taste the same to me.  They rely WAY too much on sauce and often I want to yell at them that simple is good too!  A nice elegant simple roll can go a long way.The service is always great.  Sometimes I wonder if the servers are really Japanese or they just fake a thick and heavy Japanese accent to go with their beautiful Japanese costumes and restaurant decor.  The one thing I really like about I Love Sushi is the ambiance.  It is always loud and rowdy in there, unlike many sushi restaurants.  You feel like you're somewhere "happenin", which I love when I'm eating out.As far as the food goes, like I said, it's just ok.  If  you are the type of person who only eats sushi and sashimi, the place is great!  But if, like me, you like a roll or two, I'd check out other spots.
5	This is one of my favorite places to get sushi in town. I have been going here for years and love that there is no "all you can eat" option - just a diverse menu full of high-quality fish. The chefs are trained well and present the dishes in a nice fashion. I love that they give you free edamame and cucumber salad when you sit at the bar. My favorite rolls are the Tempura Roll and Japanese Lasagna. I ordered the Boom Boom Nipple Special last night and it was pretty good, however I was not really into the fish mix tempura that went along with that. Other than that, I always have a superb experience dining here. Highly recommend!
4	Love spicy garlic edamame!
4	This is the best sushi place I've found in Henderson so far. The quality is good and service are good. The rolls are fantastic but there are so many rolls on the sushi menu that I can't keep track of the ones i have/haven't had or the ones I like. They may want to skinny down the sushi menu just a little to cut down on confusion but I do enjoy the adventure! Perhaps a few daily special rolls would be cool.
5	This place has the best Sushi in town. There's usually a little bit of a wait on the weekends, but it's so worth it! My favorites: The Screaming Orgasm & the Japanese Lasagna!
5	Ambiance was great, service was stellar and the food was divine! I brought my 4 year old along without any trouble, but it would be great for a bubbly happening date spot too. I can't wait to head back and try the scallop shooters. We tried the chili garlic edamame to start and I'm so glad we did! I'm so glad I finally got to try this sushi spot. I'll definitely be back!
5	I was told about this lil gem by some friends from out of town. So if an out of towner leaves the strip to get food, it's gotta be good right? This is one of the few sushi places I've been to in Vegas that I can say is AWESOME! This place not only has fresh food, but the service is fast! I was first provided w/ a warm towel. Never been given this at ANY sushi place I've been to. That right there grabbed my attention. We arrived right when they opened so they were still getting ready. For waiting 5 minutes they brought out edmame. You can see that they want to make their customers happy. They have quite the variety of rolls from baked to deep fried to regular rolls. If you're looking for something w/ some kick try the Kiss of Fire. The mountain blast is another good one to try. Most of the rolls do have some sauce that come on them. The price is typical, the service is great, & the food is awesome!
4	Busy place on a friday night. cool interior-- although I think their attempt to look authentic comes across as a bit campy. Still, good sushi place.Sit right at the bar and you'll get instant service. We never had a problem getting our orders to us in timely fashion. The Screaming orgasm was probably the tastiest of the specialty rolls we had. The meat was arranged in a poke like fashion over tasty crispy noodles and tangy sauce. I agree with a previous critic that they rely on sauce a little too much here, but it is tasty nonetheless. The jerry roll went down smoothly, and the crunch roll can be addicting. Dynamite was very filling and a good value pick ( if you don't mind baked rolls). For those who don't know, it's a mixture of scallop and chopped shrimp baked over rice soaked in a creamy sauce. They offer a huge selection of specialty rolls here but they also do nigiri. The yellowtail was very thick-- some of the biggest pieces of nigiri i've ever seen. The squid was as well. You don't have to go AYCE to get a good value here, especially if you're willing to try a number of their nigiri offerings.We left quite full, and I would gladly return.
3	I haven't been here in YEARS! The last time I was here was probably five years ago! I remember the sushi being SO freakin' AMAZING. My friend and I came here for dinner with Hunnie Bunnie. She ordered the Udon noodles like usual and some edamame. No complaints from her. We had the garlic edamame: pretty damn good! It could have used more sauce but the flavor was good and the edamame was cooked well. We had nigiri sweet shrimp: this was SO good. The shrimp was VERY sweet and BIG and the shrimp heads were HUGE. Good stuff! The only one I didn't care for (I even spit it out in my napkin) was the Garlic Tuna Nigiri. I'm not sure if it was the flavor or just the fish itself - it was kind of rubbery, hard to chew. YUCK. The rest of it was QUITE good though, salmon, tuna, white fish, albacore, scallop, unagi nigiri. It definitely wasn't as amazing as it was the first time I had it but nonetheless it was still GOOD. Oh yeah and we tried one roll: Tiger Roll. It was aiight. There are SO many rolls listed on the sheet of paper you check off and I didn't see any explanations of what was inside of them. I've had a Tiger Roll before so I wanted to try it here, however this one definitely had different ingredients then ones I've had before.
3	The sushi is Yum, but if you have to eat gluten free I wouldn't recommend it. They aren't too knowledgeable about Gluten Free and I always leave with a tummy in pain no matter how plain I get my food. They do have a gluten free soy sauce which helps, but the staff isn't too knowledgeable on it so be very careful. They are pretty pricey as well.
4	3.5 stars. Recommended by a co-worker. Not AYCE. Food overall a bit salty and slightly borderline on sauce overkill.We tried two of their nigiri - halibut  and garlic tuna nigiri at around $4.25 each for two pieces. Fresh fish, but too much ponzu.We ordered two cut rolls. The spicy tuna roll was quite spicy but delicious. So was the eel roll. Tried the lunch special. You can choose two entrees and it comes with salad, miso soup, inari, tamago, chicken gyoza and steamed rice. We ordered the chicken katsu (cut into six pieces and breaded just right) and salmon teriyaki ($1 extra).We also ordered three specialty rolls: screaming orgasm, something gone wrong #7, and taste like my x-girlfriend. The screaming orgasm had no sushi rice at all but was very good. Halfway through though, the sauce became too much, especially if you eat the shredded radish under the fish---it sucked up all the sauce. The taste like my x-girlfriend was delicious but also too much sauce. The best was something gone wrong #7. So so good. It also comes in a dipping sauce, but is perfectly yummy without it.Add in two hot green teas and I was $81 lighter after our meal. I'd come back again, but request less sauce. Ample parking in the plaza lot.
5	This place is magically delicious & adorably cute.  I love it.The Kiss of Fire is amazing.
5	i eat here a lot. favorite rolls: kiss of fire, sun devil, and something wrong. everything is good here though
5	Absolute favorite place for sushi.  Visited 3 times and loved it every time.  No shortage of options, everyone will find something they like.  Best experience is at the bar where you can banter with the chefs.  Meat-less, rice-less, fried, raw, saucy, plain, all kinds of options and everything is good.Kiss of Fire, Bam Bam, Sushi Nachos, Screaming Orgasm, Who's Your Momma, and more and more.
4	EXCELLENT and attentive services, food is fresh, the combo dinner was a bit salty to my taste
4	Busy Busy but Fast service....I like how the waitress were kimonos !! Yummy sushi and bento box a lot of food for a good price...nice atmosphere
5	This is by far my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas. It's more expensive but I don't even care, its just sooo good!!!  The Quail egg shooters are amazing, comes with 3 eggs in 1 shooter!  The sweet shrimp sashimi comes with 3 pieces and this deep fried shrimp thing that was delicious! The almost 90% special is great too!! I also love the cucumber salad and the garlic pepper edamame.  Today they had Toro, Yumm!!
5	I know it's slightly odd to have a sweet flavor of sushi in your mouth, but you have to try the Monkey Roll! (it has cream cheese and mangoes). Pretty much everything on their menu is fresh and delicious. I've had great service there every single time i've gone and the servers are always ready to assist you.
4	Great sushi, very fresh, sashimi so buttery...
4	By far the best sushi off the strip!  Very friendly service too.
5	I was a little hesitant about I Love Sushi when I saw the place but much to my surprise, it was some of the best and freshest sushi I have eaten in a long time.  It was nice to get off "The Strip" and find good sushi at a great price!
3	I usually love this place but sub par tonight ; I think they were too busy for their good. And the service was ok... But I thought it was weird when another waitress grabbed our check (at the end) and checked the tip. Get it together guys!
5	The Best place in town hands down. I  bring everyone I know when they come to visit and they always want I love sushi when they come back.
5	This is probably my favorite sushi restaurant in the Las Vegas/ Henderson area. Their food is so good and very fresh. I have always had great service there. Their screaming orgasm is delicious. They also have rolls that are rapped in cucumber instead of rice and I absolutely love those. Everything that I have tried is very good! I would recommend this to anyone who loves sushi!The only con that I can think of is that they don't offer all you can eat. But besides that I love this place.
5	When you're in Las Vegas, but away from the strip, this is definitely a great place to go for cheap, yet delicious sushi!It's about a 10 minute drive from the strip, where the plazas are all similar and filled with fast food and restaurants of all sorts. But I plead that you go down the road just a bit further to find this gem tucked away inside one of the plazas.Upon entering the restaurant I couldn't help but notice the decor and the great atmosphere it had. It wasn't that the waitresses wore kimonos, nor was it the fact that the sushi chef all wore read outfits with a hat. The place itself it dimly lit, but gives off a warm feeling. There are both booth seats in front of the sushi chefs, as well as tables and booths. The booths are comfy, intimate and private. Though it didn't feel "Japanese" the atmosphere made it feel like it was full of Japanese mannerisms. It's hard to describe, but a welcoming and friendly place to be. You almost forget how bright and hot it is outside.The service was also great. The waitresses constantly came to our table to make sure everything was okay. It was fabulous. They were not intrusive, and not too passive. It was just the right amount of pleasantry that anyone would desire to have at a restaurant.The food was also good for the price you pay. Note that Henderson (Las Vegas) is no where near a beach, so don't go expecting freshly flown in tuna from Japan. That being said, the lunch special is a great deal. You get to pick two main entrees (including tonkatsu, soba, vegetable tempura, etc.) which also comes with soup, salad, rice, gyoza, and sometimes inari and tomago, all for just $8 (unless you get beef tonkatsu or a fish entree, not including saba). The sushi rolls themselves are good and made on par with any other Japanese restaurant, but not many I see have the Double D roll! It's quite good I recommend it, no pun intended.Prices for the sushi is average ($12-14 for a specialty roll), but the lunch special steals the deal! Be sure to go here, I don't think you will be disappointed!
5	BEST sushi place in town, hands down!!! The sushi is always fresh and grade A quality. It's always busy during dinner, cause it's the bomb diggidy!
5	This place is amazing. Fantastic service and food. We went about 7:30 on a Friday and told it would be about 15-20 minutes. It only took 10 min to get seated and they had 2 very large parties.Our waitress was good, she had a great personality. Our food came out very quickly for how busy they were. My daughter (6 yrs old) liked it so much that she wants to go there for her birthday in couple months. No problem, we would happy to bring you here!The downside, we have lived here almost a year and just discovered this place. ;) We will be back!! There is lots of stuff I can't wait to try.
5	You gotta go here!  Always great food and a fun atmosphere.If you want something spicy, go for the burn in your stomach roll or kiss of fire.
4	What a surprise, driving into Vegas from LA and craving sushi we turned to Yelp and found this place.Everything was really great, fresh and tasty sushi.  We will go again.The building is in a strip mall near a residential neighborhood so dont expect great decor.
4	The sushi here is delicious, and the atmosphere is fun, as well. Not sure how I feel about waitresses wearing kimonos, though:)I usually like to stick with nigiri (tuna, salmon) and basic rolls like spicy tuna and salmon skin. This place makes everything meld together so perfectly, I always try a new roll with a porn-inspired name when I'm here. (Tastes like my ex-girlfriend, anyone?) Solid place.
5	Residents in the Anthem\Seven Hills area are SO lucky! This place is easily the best sushi in the desert especially for the price. Quality, Freshness, and Service are always top notch.It's so hard to go to an AYCE joint shortly after I Love Sushi, you notice a BIG difference right away. I had frequented this place to the point of exhaustion back when I lived in Henderson. Now, living over 20 miles away, I crave it almost every month and MUST make the trip over. The variety of rolls makes it easy to find something that combines every kind of sushi you enjoy (i.e. Mistake Roll). The service is always the right mix of attentiveness and consideration. Most of all the prices are a value for the quality (but not on the lowest end of the spectrum).My verdict is if you are looking for a great place to have sushi ESPECIALLY if you're lucky enough to be in the area, you must RUN not walk to I Love Sushi.
5	Service is always consistently top notch. We have dined here consistently over the past 4 years and they always rock. Fast service, delicious flavors, and friendly staff.
3	Our friends Nicole B. and Steven S. begged us to try I Love Sushi, so after 6 years of avoiding it, I finally went.  Eric R. didn't think it would be a good deal since it is a la carte, and I heard it was all about pornographic-named rolls, so I wasn't expecting much.  Our friends made reservations, which we thought was weird for a local a la carte sushi joint, but lo and behold, there was a crazy wait at 7 and we skipped all of that.  The servers wore kimonos, and this place is really big for a sushi restaurant - less activity at the bar and more at tables around it.Our server was very friendly and efficient, and we had a private-esque booth.  I got iced green tea.  Steven S. does NOT love sushi, so he ordered a dinner bento with chicken and beef.  He got brown rice for a $1 charge.  Nicole B. got udon and the cherry blossom, a non-rice "roll" which is really a massive amount of soft shell crab chopped up and wrapped in avocado slices.Eric R. got the rainbow roll, ikura sushi, and had a few pieces of my nigiri order.  I went for it, and appreciated some interesting selections here.  I got hamachi, sake, saba, amaebi, uni, salmon skin temaki, and a quail egg shooter.When I got the first pieces, salmon and yellowtail, I immediately noticed the same problem Goyemon has - HOT rice, COLD fish.  YUCK!!!!  The sushi rice was hot and not really sushi rice, which is upsetting because 1) sushi is about the rice and 2) the mixed temperatures make everything taste weird.  Not okay.  The fish quality was fine enough, though the yellowtail was splitting apart at each seam so to speak.  I liked the salmon better.The mackerel was cured just fine and covered with my fave vegetable, green onions.  The uni was okay.  The salmon skin handroll was stuffed, and it was prepared with gobo, kaiware, cucumber, and avocado without sauce, which was very good.  The quail egg shooter had 3 quail egg yolks, masago, green onion, and ponzu which was different and tasty.  I got the amaebi last.  The sushi was good and the fried heads were enormous and covered in tempura batter.  They were on top of shredded daikon and served with ponzu.  I was very full after all of this, and I am glad I tried it finally.  However, there is no excuse for poor rice when sushi is about rice, so I do not see myself returning.
5	We grew up in LV, but now live in LA. We don't get back much, but this place has become our reason for going more often. Honestly!I Love Sushi, is by far the best sushi restaurant my wife and I have ever eaten at. Now, we are not easy to please either. We are both what our friends consider,sushi snobs. I have to admit that I hated the name of the restaurant, and almost didn't go because I thought it couldn't be good...that would have been a huge mistake.I will tell you, we put this place through the test. We ordered several rolls, salmon sushi, and a variety of other items. We were stuffed when we left, and could not stop talking about how awesome it was.The service is friendly, FAST, and all around fantastic!In one word...GO!
5	Best sushi is Vegas. Top 3 atleast!
4	I don't know if it's the best sushi I've had since we moved in Vegas almost 8 years ago, but it's up there certainly.  This is a large restaurant with several ways to dine.  You can sit at the sushi bar, there are numerous tables throughout the restaurant, and there are booths that offer a more private experience.  Service was decent, but we had to wait a long time for our check.  This was annoying as it was lunch time on a weekday, we clearly weren't looking for a 2 hour lunch.The rolls and sashimi were good.  The famous screaming orgasm wasn't as good as I was expecting, given its reputation.  The yellowtail and salmon sashimi were excellent.  Buttery pieces of fish that had excellent flavor.  Good quality and prepared properly.  Decent beer selection.  We will definitely be back.
4	I have never been here when it hasn't been busy.They have A LOT of fresh fish options, which my man really likes,while I like the cream cheesy kind of things....THEY HAVE BOTH!The seating isn't really that thought out, and can get crowded, uncomfortable and loud.... that's really the only bummer.
3	Good fish...try the Rainbow roll it is all good...my only problem with this fine establishment is that the.place has a strong fishy smell...that is why I don't come so often...keep up the good work guys...
5	been coming here for years.. always packed amazing amazing amazing! I drive 5 hours just to eat here get the lisa handroll its bomb! the only thing I don't like is they hav over 200 rolls so its anxiety sitting trying to read all of them figuring out what to get.. this is the best sushi in all of Nevada :)
1	If you know the difference between a mexican cooking Italian food or an italian cooking mexican then you'll appreciate that Koreans really can't make authentic Japanese. To non-Japanese you may think this is good sushi but everything from the seaweed salad, green tea, and sushi are far from true, real Japanese in taste and texture. Basically to a Japanese person raised in Japan. This food is terrible. Like comparing Taco Bell to a real Taqueria. Don't be fooled find the real thing.
5	We're having The Love Boat tonight. It looks amazing!! This place is SO good! Sushi and hot items have yet to disappoint. :) Yakisoba Beef is super!!  We REALLY enjoy I Love Sushi!  It'll be a weekly or biweekly place for us.  :)
5	I truly love this place. We are spoiled. When we go get sushi anywhere else, it never compares to I Love Sushi. They are the best. Great staff and great food. Bam Bam Special is amazing. Also, try a Sexy Time... very nice.
5	I'm a sucker for sushi, but it has to be good and authentic for me to give a 5 star rating and I love Sushi passed for both!  We came here with some LV locals on our way back from Lake Powell and it was just what we needed.  We ordered so many different rolls that I couldn't just pick one that was better than the other.  The spicy garlic edemame  was great too.  Plenty of free parking also.
5	The food here is impeccable and the ambiance is very nice. Halibut is always on point and the salmon skin hand roll is delish. These guys know how to do sushi right!
5	This is a solid NON AYCE sushi place in Henderson. The service was spot on throughout and our waitress was very sweet and personable.The fish was high quality and the rolls were reasonably priced. We were AYCE status stuffed and the bill was only $60 pre tip and that included a large Sapporo.We started of with steamed Gyoza that were around $5 and edamame. For our rolls we opted for Rainbow roll, scallop roll, screaming orgasm roll, and an assortment of nigiri (salmon, yellowtail and scallop). The fish was very fresh and the rolls were not overloaded with yum sauce or cream cheese. The place does get packed in the evenings during dinner rush. Keep in mind, there is no AYCE option here, but the quality of the food and the great service that accompanies it warrants paying the regular prices.
5	I will definitely venture out here again when we visit Las Vegas! Everything was delicious and the place was packed but we didn't have to wait long. The sashimi salad has an amazing dressing. Their rolls maybe a little too much sauce on it but other than that a super yum sushi experience!!
5	When in Henderson/Vegas, this sushi joint is hands down the best there is.  Some of the names can't be written or repeated here (when you see the menu, you will understand) but I had two different ones that were killer.  Tip:  Ask for the Natto Hand Roll.  It's not on menu but you know you have a authentic Japanese Sushi Bar when they have Natto.Cash and Credit Cards accepted.
5	I have been to I Love Sushi many times. I always try to go with someone who is more knowledgeable about ordering sushi than I am. This time I went with my adult daughter, who frequently eats sushi in LA, her home. When it came time to order, I prevailed on her to go with a "boat." We ordered the sushi boat for 2 with 3 of us eating. The meal started with miso soup and a small salad - both tasty. The portion of food in the boat was huge, more than enough food for 3, with a nice variety of sushi and sashimi. Everything tasted fresh. The service was attentive despite the restaurant being very crowded and all the tables full. I will be returning soon.
5	When I have a craving in the evening, it's great to pop in and pick up a roll or two.  The last time I brought my son and he went nuts over the Screaming Orgasm.  Their selection of specialty rolls is huge and their fish is very fresh.
3	I divide sushi into 2 different kinds:First, there are the restaurants devoted to serving fresh raw fish, prepared very simply, highlighting the flavors of the fish.Then, there are the restaurants that serve AYCE, or various fried rolls, or rolls with lots of different sauces, or rolls with weird sexual names. I love sushi falls into this second category. It's not that it's bad - actually, I thought it was quite good - but don't go there expecting a great meal of nigiri and sashimi. Instead, order your 'screaming orgasm' and your 'sushi nachos' and enjoy them....and order some extra yum yum sauce on the side.
5	As they say here, 'I love Sushi' and I live this place! Our waitress Bo was amazing and hilarious and on top of this the sushi is also amazing. Fresh fish, but note that if you get there late there is a chance that they will run out of things like the Fatty Salmon or Tuna Belly! They have a large selection of rolls also if that's what you're looking for, but def come for the sushi and staff. This place is a solid 4, but I'll give the 5th star for the service cause she was A-Mazing!
5	Finally.  After trying about half a dozen sushi joints in town, I think my wife and I found one we will go back to regularly.  I Love Sushi gained instant credibility because a.) it was actually crowded when we went there (on a Monday no less) and b.) they didn't have some incredibly priced ala carte menu to entice you into their "all you can eat" offering.I think my wife and I would each get our rolls again (I Love Sushi roll, The Mistake roll, some roll that had the word "nipple" in it, and another one I forget the name of).The highlight for me was the sashimi.  For $5 the portion was great.  Three very thick pieces of salmon and incredibly dark/fresh tuna.  The salmon was delicious and maybe the best salmon sashimi I've had, same for the tuna.In the words Ahhhnold, "I'll be back."
5	Absolutely fabulous!!!  The service was excellent, food delicious and they even gave me a Deep Fried Ice Cream for my Birthday!!!
5	The best Sushi in Vegas! Boom Boom, Frankie and Eddie are great. Saki bombs are their favorites.
5	Haven't been here in a long time and on my recent visit I think it managed to get even better!  Service was excellent, the sushi options are vast, and there is a great looking menu of other options like noodles or meat dishes. I can't remember the name of the roll I had, but it was only about $7 and was melted mozzarella and crab drizzled with a mango sauce. It was absolutely delicious - an absolute must try! I sooo wish this place had an AYCE, but the fact that they don't won't stop be from returning.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi spot in town. Great services, great food, great atmosphere. Everyone I take to ILS falls in love with the place, as I did when I walked in for the first time last year. I'll drive as far as I need to have sushi @ILS
5	Great service, great sushi!
5	Favorite sushi restaurant in town. Good service and fish always fresh.  Plan on a wait Friday and Saturday night.
5	5 star service and atmosphere. Menu offers options for the most discerning sushi eaters and non-sushi eaters (ie many baked roll options). I recommend the oyster shooter with quail egg!
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant. I go here with my family probably once a month. So good! I recommend Tastes Like My Ex-girlfriend and Something Wrong # 69. Nummers.The service is fast. Sometimes almost too fast. Hard to explain that one... I guess sometimes it's nice to have the rolls brought out more gradually.I highly recommend this place.
4	There were so many options here it was almost overwhelming!  I finally decided on the dancing eel roll which had eel, tempura shrimp, tuna and avocado and a spicy tuna roll. I also tried a piece of the kiss of fire (VERY spicy) and a roll that had mango on top which I can't remember the name of. All in all, they were all very tasty. The prices were right and the service was great. I will be back.
2	Came for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon, around 1:30 and sat at the sushi bar.  The place wasn't busy at all, only four other parties seated in the whole restaurant.  There were three sushi chefs and four servers at the time.Everything was prompt at first.  We received drinks quickly from the server and our first roll only took a few minutes.  The selection of sushi rolls was good, the food tasted good, but the service was flat awful after the first 15 minutes! The only time the servers came by was to refill my drink (he had a large beer and a water, so his did not need refilling).  We were almost completely ignored otherwise.  One of our rolls was forgotten and our sushi chef disappeared (for about a half hour), and it was a good 15 minutes before we could get anyone's attention to find out about our roll, and service did not improve after their mistake was realized.  Furthermore, we wanted to order more drinks and dessert, but after waiting another 10 minutes for a server to come by, we just opted for the check instead.
5	I love Sushi!The name of this place is exactly what I say mid-meal and post-meal every single time I eat here. First things first, their entire sushi menu is the best in the world. No joke. The creativity in their rolls is uncanny, no other sushi place compares. Second, their fish is fresh. Absolutely freshest i've had in Las Vegas. Third, their uni shooter is heaven in a shot glass. The best mixture of uni, spice and citrus that tickle every inch of your palate.Our go-to order is the "Screaming orgasm", Uni shooters, a few pieces of sashimi and a roll or two. We try to order a new roll every time we go. Definitely my favorite place to get sushi in Vegas, if not the US.
3	Had dinner here based off the reviews, gave it three stars for uniqueness and atmosphere. Overall sushi was ok, bit heavy and over sauced. Some ingredients didn't seem fresh or were overcooked. Lots of rolls to choose from, I'd probably got to SushiMon their rolls are a bit more well made, and service is better. We had to wait for drink refills a lot and they brought out all the rolls at once so the hot entrees chilled before we could eat them.
5	I finally was in Henderson. I have been trying to get to this place for a while and finally the day came and I have to say it was not disappointed. Located in back of a strip mall off of eastern  ave. As soon as we walked in we were greeted. The waitresses are in kimonos which is kind of cool as for the decor it feels like you in Japan. Their booths are closed which is nice and intimate if you have a date. Service was great as well kept the refills coming and always asked if everything was ok. As for the food the fish quality was really good fish melted in my mouth had the screaming orgasm, chef special roll both equally as good. I just wish they were closer to Summerlin. Def will be back sooner than later!
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a while. When it was sushi date night with my boyfriend, I suggested this place other than my normal place. The sushi we ordered was so good! I loved each roll we tried. I loved the atmosphere and the service was awesome. I am definitely coming back as soon as possible.
4	Scale 1 - 5Food: 4 1/2Service: 4Ambiance: 4A must have is the Screaming "O" #51 and #15 The fish is fresh on the weekend and the menu has something for everyone.
5	The service here is on point. I was checked on pretty often, but not so often that it was obnoxious. Maybe because I was a pretty girl, sitting by herself at the sushi bar (forever alone).. haha I kid. I decided to treat myself to some sushi after a nice evening walk by MacDonald Highlands. I was supposed to eat whatever I wanted as my cheat meal for a really restrictive high protein, essentially no carbs, diet. I ended up ordering seared tuna that was served with half an avocado and marinated red onions... essentially not what I was supposed to do. But man, it was really good. A++ would order again.
5	I love sushi and I love this place! Service is good most of the time, when it gets busy sometimes it's hard to get their attention, but that doesn't stop me from eating here as often as possible. I have never had a bad meal here, always on point. I've been going to this place for years, f*cking love this place...can you swear on yelp?..
5	What can I say? I pink puffy heart love I Love Sushi. We moved across town and it has been our favorite find. It's a real gem. The staff is great (bar and table service), the fish is fresh and the rolls are fun and mighty tasty. In the past few months we've been half a dozen times. When it comes to rolls we prefer those that are spicy. Sexy Time Special, Kiss of Fire and Sun Devil are favorites. They are a must each and every time. We also enjoy the sashimi. The yellowtail is like butter. The screaming orgasm is a great alternative. We've enjoyed others, but their names escape me. Each and everyone is delicious, though. I have no doubt everything is well executed. So thankful, it's not AYCE. I much prefer quality to quantity.
5	I Love Sushi is our go to restaurant for sushi. I have never had anything from there that wasn't great. The monkey roll is unique and very tasty. The service is good and no matter how busy they are, we always get right in. But most of the time, they are pretty busy. If you want to best sushi in Henderson, check this place out.
5	It's Friday and my son was craving sushi, so I ordered ahead and picked up a Dragon Roll and Gary's Special.The Dragon Roll is a California roll with eel and eel sauce on top.  I was cracking up because my son was eating the eel first, and then popping the rest in his mouth.  He loved it!Gary's Special is a plethora of goodness, starting with spicy soft shell crab, spice tuna,  spicy crab, spicy scallop, and if that's not enough it's topped with yellowtail and salmon.  OMG.  My poor son, we were all digging in and trying this one.Quick tip:  when you get it to-go, the sauce is served separately in a little plastic container (I love that!  Keeps thing from getting soggy).  Be sure to mix it up good, because I didn't and had too much oil, while my husband had the foresight to mix it up better and enjoyed a citrus note.Although I Love Sushi is not an AYCE joint, it has some mighty fine sushi and a really nice variety of specialty rolls.  And, since it's right around the corner it's a favorite neighborhood place.  Enjoy!
5	I blame I Love Sushi for making me the sushi snob that I've become. I refuse to eat sushi anywhere else... my friends have tried to force other restaurants down my throat and each time I've been highly disappointed that I wasted my money on such sub par crap! I've pretty much had everything on their extensive sushi menu. Service is always fast and friendly....as a reg. customer I always feel like a celebrity when I dine there. Hands down the best sushi I've eaten, ever!
5	Favorite sushi spot in Vegas! The owner is awesome, the staff in so kind and efficient. I make it a point to swing by, even if it's just for a quick roll, when I'm on this side of town.  I've devoured almost everything on the menu and have yet to come across something that's not delicious!
2	I went here yesterday. I was seated quickly wait staff was excellent. But the sushi was over priced and not very good. I had the monkey roll and the salmon lover no rice they were 12.00 each not impressed I won't be going back
5	We love this place. I have never had a bad experience. I've tried different rolls each time and haven't yet had one that I wasn't fond of. Fast, efficient service and presentation is a bonus.Another BONUS: They give you hot towels to wipe your hands with at the start of your meal! Extensive menu. Thumbs up.
4	You can tell a great sushi spot when they don't have an all you can eat option. Fresh rolls and great apps. Hands down my favorite sushi in town. A little far up Eastern Ave but it is worth the trip. Huge sushi roll menu. My two favorites are the Jackpot and Crispy Rice roll.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum!Get the dynamite roll. So good. I go here as often as I can. Try it!
5	The fish here is so fresh, service is fast! Tuna Poke is some of the best I've had! It's sooo good!
4	I love sushi! And this place has really great sushi. The Gary special roll is delicious, and I always get the simple philidalphia roll. It's always yum! I think the service here lacks a little bit. All my favorite waitresses always end up leaving and they tell me it's because of the management and everything's disorganized. I also always feel like I'm being rushed out. Especially during the dinner rush
5	Never fails! This is my FAVORITE sushi place in all Las Vegas, and I have been to MANY! The chefs are all very friendly and very fast!  My all time favorite rolls are Bonzai, Double D, Joe Special, Jackpot Special, and Kiss of Fire! I wish my stomach was big enough to have these all EVERY TIME! I absolutely love this place!
4	What can we say... I LOVE Sushi is our refuge at the  of the week! If we miss a week, we feel out of sorts! Why??? Because the service & food is top Notch! Best chefs & ladies in waiting! Your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Best. Sushi. Ever. This place is a MUST if you are in Vegas/Henderson. Always amazing food and friendly staff. My faves are the sunomono and sashimi salads. We take all of our friends and family from out of town here. Very busy on the weekends, so reservations are helpful. Worth the drive!
4	This place is always packed but sooo worth it.  Fish is always fresh and service is great.  I normally would choose ayce for sushi but this place is one of the few where it's worth paying for individual rolls.  Something new ... try "fresh wasabi" it's definitely way better than the normal wasabi everyone is familiar with.  Only disclaimer ... you'll never want to go back to the normal wasabi ... hahah.  If you love sushi ... why not try this place out.
5	Worth every 5* review. Friendly staff, Sake-bombs, great value.  Although they aren't on OpenTable we always work around that.At every sushi place the most important things to me (in order)- Fresh fish- Excellent service- Cold mugs- Good happy hour / late night- Unique flavor combinations- On OpenTable so I don't have to wait for a table and so I can get my points- Chefs and staff who will pound 3-9 sake bombs with you.I highly highly recommend I Love Sushi
4	My wife and I went to I love sushi because we saw the review here on Yelp. We arrived just before the dinner rush and we're seated at a booth. We ordered the kiss of fire and the screaming orgasm. Really love the kiss of fire it was delicious, but really wasn't that hot. But yet again, I like really spicy food. The screaming orgasm was good but wasn't worth the 14:50 we paid. Then we ordered the Vegas special which was deep fried. We enjoyed the roll, but it really did not need to be deep fried.One note on service, when we first arrived very fast service. But when we order the Vegas special after the first round of rolls, it took a long time to get to our table. Probably because they were in the full dinner rush by then. Overall this is my favorite sushi place to date. I wish they had one in Oceanside California.
5	My Huney and I visited this place during lunch while on vacation! It is amazing! The quality of fish is superior. We are back tonight because we have not had enough. The i love sushi special is amazing. It is spicy tuna roll wrapped in tuna-- leave the mayo at home, great Asian vinegar holds this spicy tuna together . The no-rice options are superb especially the salmon avocado pesto. This is 20 mins off the Strip and OMG its worth it.  Go there.
5	This place is the bombbbbbb. Two things struck me the most:The exceptional SERVICE! I loved how attentive my waiter was. Patient and not pushy. Nice and helpful, called attention to the chefs when he didn't know the answer to something (we were sitting at the bar) and overall fantastic. And of course the food was fab. We ordered the Johnny's Roll ( see attached picture) which had soft shell crab and albacore. DELICIOUS. It was elegant and simple. Their selection of rolls is far and extensive and it's quite difficult to even pick but you really can't go wrong with anything that's in their $13 price point. Also, I feel like their deluxe rolls all have a variation of some soft shell crab in it ... Next time I would try Gary's Roll(soft shell crab with yellowtail and salmon!!) . But the albacore was incredibly good that night. Hamachi collar and salmon collar (see attached picture). Delicious and big portions. Salmon collar seemed to have more food though but both were done well. 1 order each of tuna, salmon, yellowtail and albacore sashimi. (Attached picture) At $5 an order, I expected it to be a bigger cut. Sure it was good and fresh, but the pieces were puny and uneven.  Lastly we tried nabeyaki udon (not pictured :( ), a mix of tempura shrimp and veggies. I only had some broth and hands down, it was done very well. For the price however $11.95, I thought the portions were small. Overall, very pleased with my servers at the bar, all male, who were all super attentive!! (I asked for one plate and he brought out a bunch for my entire family without asking) and continually checked up on us in a non pushy way. Come here early though, this place gets crowded!!
5	This place is amazing! It's not all you can eat but definitely worth the price. Their rolls are huge! I recommend the double d roll and Ryan's roll. The bacon wrapped shrimp is also a great starter.
5	The BEST sushi spot in Vegas, without a doubt, and I have had aloooot of sushi just about everywhere in the 13 years I've lived here. The fish is always FRESH, the service is exceptional, the food is always flavorful and consistently satisfying, and I could go on and on because everything is just EXCELLENT! I Highly recommend I Love Sushi to all of my friends, family, co-workers and even complete strangers. It's just that good. Speaking of which, I'll probably head over there tomorrow. I'm due for a screaming orgasm, nabeyaki udon and a kiss of fire roll. Yum!
4	I have been going to this sushi place since I was in middle school.  Being young I was never into raw fish, until I ate here.  I fell in love with sushi here and this place will forever be one of my favorite sushi place to go to regularly.  I Love Sushi does not offer All you can eat because of the quality of their fish.  The Cherry Blossom and the Screaming Orgasm are my favorite rolls to get there.  The sashimi and nigiri is undoubtedly one of the freshest you can find in Vegas.You will not be disappointed in coming here.
3	This is my sister's favorite sushi place and I've been here a handful of times while visiting her. I wouldn't say they have the highest quality fish but their rolls are very tasty. And they have a large variety of them. All your favorites are on the menu plus quite a few that I think they made up. If you like trying maki with crazy combos then this place is for you. If you are more of a nigiri / sashimi sushi eater then I would probably go elsewhere.PS they have a full bar and also make some pretty decent cocktails!
5	Great sushi. Great service. For sure my favorite sushi place in town!If you are looking for outstanding sushi you are at the right place. The waiters are super friendly and you never have a long wait once ordered.
4	Always busy and always good, I Love Sushi is close to my house and an excellent late evening choice (they're open till 11PM, later than many places off the strip).  Not my favorite place for sashimi, but they have a great roll selection.  Many people love the Sushi Nachos, but they were gross to me.  Everything else I have tried on the menu is excellent.  An interesting baked roll is the volcano.
5	I think this place is amazing. The staffs are friendly! Two thumbs up! This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas!
5	Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the car, our tummies were grumbling. We couldn't go far. We jumped on to yelp to find some good eats.. long story short, this restaurant is sweet.
5	Talk about "under-rated"! This place was great! Probably going to come back tomorrow for breakfast! The Crunchy Roll was good. Didn't find the California Roll right away on the menu so just asked for it! Chef knew what I wanted and it was fabulous! I am such a traditionalist!
4	This place got 3 stars because the service was thoughtless, but the food was tasty.First we were placed right next to the front door on a cold night, so the draft was freezing us out, even though there were plenty of open tables throughout the place.  We finally had to ask to switch tables.  I thought it was a nice touch that the servers wear kimonos.Then our servers were swapped mid-meal (and we weren't there for a notably long time.)  The first server was grumpy, but the second one was pleasant, so I guess it was beneficial we got a new server.I don't remember everything I ordered, but I did end up going back to the classic sushi after trying some specialty dishes.  I was much happier then.All-in-all I'd enjoy going back.  I'd probably ask for a booth or the bar next time, and stick to plenty of simple sushi cuts.  I suspect this place deserves 4 stars.  We'll see next time I go.Edit-  repeat visits have earned the 4 stars.
5	This place was super busy and yet we got seated right away. I'm not going to lie I'm not a sushi person, but all of my family is so ya... They loved loved loved their sushi everyone that got a roll was so happy.I got the Chicken Yakisoba it was soooooo good! I was very happy with my dish. Our waitress was so cute, nice and very attentive. I loved the atmosphere of this place. The family absolutely found their favorite sushi place!
5	I love the atmosphere here - it's always rockin busy so you know the fish has to be fresh!. The sushi bar is huge and the booths are big and private. All the waitresses are friendly and very attentive. They wear stylish colorful Kimonos! It is absolutely family friendly - this is by far my favorite sushi place in all of Vegas / Henderson! People travel from all over town to eat here! They have very sexy & fun names for their sushi rolls! Coldest beers in town - large sapporro - fav!!My favorite rolls you have to order:#1 Screaming Orgasm - Tuna with radishes that are cut like angel hair - good for low carb orders!#2 Kiss of Fire ( It's a little Spicy- if you prefer not spicy - just say no sauce- the little sliver of jalapeno on top is fresh so not very spicy)#3 Johnny Roll No Rice - Refreshing!#4 Sushi Nachos - Unlike anything you have ever had! Pure deliciousness!#5 Anthem roll - traditional Calif roll with spicy tuna on top.#6 Ryan's Special or Double D#7 Caterpillar RollThis place is busy from open to close! Call ahead to get a reservation!
4	Went there for the first time with the wife and kid and we all loved it. The food was  delicious and service was quick and friendly. Our 7 year old daughter is a picky eater but she had no trouble scarfing down the shrimp and veggie tempura some pot stickers and even a few pieces of the lobster roll. We spent about the same as any other sushi restaurant so that was no surprise. Definitely going back....could be the new favorite, Sorry Sumo
5	This is by far my favorite sushi joint in town.  Holy yum just thinking about it makes me hungry.  First of all if you go to I love sushi and don't order the Lisa handroll you're crazy because it is cone shaped heaven, like I could probably just eat those for the rest of my life!! Anywhooo I also enjoy their Double D roll and screaming orgasm appetizer,  not to mention they have ridiculously fresh sashimi.  They do not have AYCE which is kind of a bummer but everythings very high quality so I get it (Sushi Mon had delicious AYCE)  It get super busy though so I would suggest making a reservation.  Also their waitresses have always been very sweet and attentive I don't think I've ever had a bad experience there.. happy eating!
5	We walked in on a week night, sat down with some good friends, and had a lot of good sushi at a reasonable price.
5	Sumi is the most awesome person!!!!! Very attentive, professional, and her recommendations were spot on.The burn in the stomach roll was the best sushi roll ever!!! Excellent quality sushi and very reasonable prices.We are visiting from so cal and would drive back just for Sumi and sushi
4	Finally got a chance to eat here. It's across town, so you know how it is for us old folks to get around.I liked a lot of things about this place: The service was good, I was seated right away, and there was a large selection of sushi rolls.The only thing that I wasn't crazy about, was that there was no all-you-can-eat deals.If I wanted to fill my belly at this place, it probably would have cost me in excess of $100.Now, this is partly my fault, because I eat every meal as if I'm going to the chair, but there are lots of other sushi places which offer AYCE, and the quality is on par with this place.If this place offered AYCE, it would get 5 stars, hands down.
1	You know, the sushi here isn't as great as everyone on here says it is. Subpar would  be an exaggeration. My wife got the crunchy roll and the rainbow roll. There wasn't much flavor in both and the fish wasn't very fresh. I myself got their lunch special with the fried pork and teriyaki chicken, and the chicken was a little on the burn side and the pork was dry. All in all if you like bland food this place is for you but if you like food with lots of flavor I'd find another place to dine if I were you.
2	I use yelp all the time to find a good place. This is my first review because I was that disappointed! I'm not sure what everyone is ranting and raving about. 1st.- customer service: I called ahead of time and asked if I can get 1 sushi boat for my wife and I to share lady on the phone said yes and it was posted at 28 dollars or so. SHE DID NOT MENTION IT WAS 2 ORDER MINIMUM. The service was very fake not genuine at all. 2nd- taste of sushi: very average if not a little below average. We got the boat which is basically a ton of tasteless CA Rolls with a few other things. For the price and quality I would go somewhere else. Maybe an all you can eat spot down the street.
5	Seriously best sushi in town!  The only place I come :)  Amazing service and phenomenal sushi!
5	I really love I Love Sushi. Love to sit at the bar and just gaze at all that beautiful fish. My favorite is the Washington roll, but I've also tried others. Everything is good. I even broke my "raw only" sushi rule and tried their 4x4 on the recommendation of a friend. Wow, was it good!Love the atmosphere, love watching the well trained chefs perform their magic. We're never disappointed. Sushi isn't cheap, but I feel this place gives me my money's worth.
5	My absolute favorite Sushi place in Vegas. Grand Canyon roll is a sure bet every time. Screaming Orgasm is a must have too.
5	My favorite local sushi spot! Food is delicious and roll are unique. The service is really good and the sushi chefs treat you like a rockstar!
5	The food atmosphere and staff is very good. They are friendly and have fast service. The sushi rolls are always good. We got the James Bond and the Double D. The Double D was just enough spice. Our mouths were not burning at all. I will definitely go again. Next time I'm getting the California roll.
5	the best sushi you could ever have...and you couldn't go wrong with pretty much anything you order
3	I have been all over the world at every type of sushi restaurant imaginable. Yes, the sushi here is good and surprisingly fresh considering we are here in the desert and not the port of Long Beach. But the sushi business has become very competitive around Henderson and you had better be fresh or you will out of business quickly. I have seen many local sushi restaurants have the sushi come right from the airport via courier to get the freshest fish for the day. I do not know if I love sushi gets their fish this way but each time I have been there it has been fresh.I have had bad experiences with the staff and management. One time a waitress spilled liquid on my wife's new dress. You would think there would be a voluntary adjustment on the check but I had to argue with the manager to get a few bucks off the bill for dry cleaning IF the dress could be cleaned at all. Another time the fire alarm was going off the entire time we were eating. I understand it is not the fault of the staff but an apology and perhaps a free appetizer would have been nice when the experience literally resulted in a headache.
2	This place has great sushi and I have been coming here for years. Unfortunately today when choosing what to eat, I realized that every price on the menu has been increased by $2. It's unfortunate that they've priced me out of returning because you can get AYCE anywhere else for less than the price of 2 rolls here.
5	Now my favorite sushi place of all time.  I loved the lobster roll.  Just a whole lobster tail stuffed with a california roll.  How could you go wrong?  They have this weird divider thing going on at the door though, which was kind of weird.  This place was busy as well, so maybe call ahead for a reservation.  Everything was super fresh.  The  more prepared rolls also had a great taste.
5	After living and working in Japan my wife and I enjoy  "I love Sushi" I have had several items for both lunch and dinner. Yesterday I had the veggie yakisoba and my wife had the spicey tuna roll plus the noodle soup.
5	The reviews did not lie.. This place is awesome! Love that d tables by d sides are separated by walls for a lil privacy. Its my first time there tonight. I made reservations so we didnt have to wait long. They were busy but d servers were quick enough to bring our food. My step daughter never had rolls before and she said d spider roll was really yummy. Kiss of fire was actually spicy, unlike some other "spicy" rolls elsewhere. She also had chicken teriyaki n chicken katsu which were both good and great for d price. Will definitely come back! Im so glad this place is close to my house :)
1	I don't get this place. Servers and management don't speak English so if they make a mistake or screw up your food they still let you pay for it. Very average sushi with lots of creams to cover the flavor.
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is delicious, great quality fish, and the staff is friendly. The atmosphere is great too. This is my favorite sushi place in town right now.
5	Best. Sushi. Ever. Prices are good and the food is wonderful! I've never had a bad experience!!!
4	The different spicy sushi rolls they have will get you going!!! Lots of spice. Great presentation and service as well :) One of the better off the strip environments you will find in town. A happening place. One negative is one of my rolls. It was a white albacore one. FISHY!!! First sushi roll that I've ever had that was this way... Still I've been here enough to go back.
5	AMAZING!!!!!! Ruined all other Sushi places for me. Bitter-sweet cause it is still sooooo good!
5	I grew up very close to this place and somehow never managed to stop by until a recent trip back to Vegas. After eating there I seriously regret not having taken advantage of this gem.Service was spectacular. They were polite and very fast. The food was equally great. I usually don't trust sushi from places far from the coast, but the fish was very fresh and flavorful. Huge variety of rolls, all moderately priced. The crunch roll and spicy salmon roll were very filling.I will definitely return here whenever I come back to town.
4	Went here for my birthday dinner on a Saturday night with some friends.  I have heard things from friends here and there and I like to try new sushi spots, so I decided to give this a go from that as well as Yelp reviews.  -;)No reservations and we were still able to get a party of 8 seated in about 10 minutes at 8 PM on a Saturday night, which was fantastic.  The older Asian man in the embroidered cowboy shirt and riding boots was nice and efficient.We ordered after much debate (and apparently a menu-stealing waitress from what a friend said) and the food came pretty fast.  That might be relative to enjoying great company with friends, I'm not 100%.Their Homare Strawberry Nigor (strawberry sake) is $16 a bottle - not bad as Island Sushi's is $20.  I drank most of it.  (Hey, it was my birthday dinner.)I got two staples in my sushi ordering - crunch roll and dragon roll.  Both were good but not the best I've had.  The crunch on the crunch roll was not what I'm used to - it was fairly hard and not the normal light, panko batter that I've experienced at other places.  The dragon roll had a bit too much sauce, but the eel slices on top were generous.My friend ordered a spicy roll with a jalapeno slice on top (can't remember the name) so we sushi-swapped and hers was great!  I had to eat one roll in two bites.  They are VERY generous with the fish cuts, which is great because they are also high-quality.The tempura I tried from my friend's Love Boat was good but slightly reminded me of my crunch roll - that harder crunch instead of the light fluff of normal panko.Service was very friendly and they brought out a complimentary tempura ice cream with a candle.  That was very tasty - the pound cake inside was soft, fluffy, and very melt-in-your mouth - but I was pretty full by that point so I only ate half.Plus: LOTS of cooked choices for groups that enjoy Japanese food but not sushi. (Those crazies.)Minus: No AYCE.  I came with an AYCE-friendly group, and since they are my normal sushi crew I probably won't be back for awhile.
5	Best sushi in town with great service. They have somethjng for everyone. I just had the fat ass roll. Amazing! And large to where I didn't need another roll! Their baked green mussels are fantastic. The service is also very good. The waitress filled our drinks like 3 times each. The prices are a little more expensive but ur paying for good clean sushi. Rolls can range from $7-$15
5	Fresh sushi in Nevada? Yeah, its not just theory anymore. I visited "I Love Sushi" because of its stellar ratings (and I was lost). I used to seeing 4 star reviews for places, but the reviews on Yelp were a whole other matter. When everyone is raving about specific sushi chefs, -BY NAME - you have to know something is great.I am so glad I tried this place. The little extra's are great. Hand towels, exceptional service. Even when you sit down, people all around you are talking to the chef by name. Crazy! I love it. Each roll was exceptional. I actually ordered 2 more than I could eat because I loved it so much. I am a pretty picky person when it comes to sushi, but each roll was better than the last. Hands down one of the best sushi places in Vegas. Check it out.
5	Straight up great sushi place! One of my favorites for sure.  It is not all you can eat so the quality is a bit better and more carefully made. My usual bill for 2 people comes to about $58 seemingly every time.  Super White Tuna Nigiri is great, Miso soups, Jackpot roll is my favorite.  I've also had one of the boats as seen by my photo. The Lisa Handroll also pictured is my favorite.  I found out about this place because an asian friend who is a waitress at another sushi restaurant told me to check it out.  Then on second thought she said "dont go there, then you will not come back here anymore" as it was her favorite spot also. She was right. Luckily I live close by so I can go to this place whenever i want if in the mood for high quality sushi at a very reasonable price. The place is always busy which is a good sign! I usually go mid day so I never have to wait to long to be seated but I imagine it is slammed around dinner time.
3	I love sushi, and this aptly named establishment delivers very good sushi. Armed with a varied menu of sexual innuendo sushi rolls, there is something for everyone.  I love sushi does not do all you can eat which makes it difficult to try different things on a budget but usually means better quality and attention.Note - 3 stars means A-ok in my book.  To score higher, a restaurant needs to add the other things in that make restaurants appealing.  This is where this experience fell short but I enjoyed the food enough that I will return and hopefully update the review with additional accolades.What fell short? 1) From the initial seating, we felt rushed. At least 3 times in the first 5 minutes, the sushi chef assigned to us (there must have been about 6 sushi chefs behind the sushi bar) asked us if we wanted to order. It was our first time in this restaurant and we were obviously going over the menu and I thought it less than friendly.  The bar was not overcrowded and there was no danger that other customers would be waiting without a seat.Once we ordered the food came very quickly.however, when we wanted to make an additional order, we found all 6 chefs staring at a Nets game and not paying attention to the customers.  It literally took 5 minutes to get the chef's attention.We ordered the sushi dynamite which tasted good however it said it came in a shell but it really comes in aluminum foil which gives it a very tinny taste and really lacks in presentation.Finally, this is the most overpriced sushi restaurant not located on the strip.  if you order one of the special rolls, it costs nearly as much as an AYCE lunch.  The rolls we tried were good but there was nothing distinctive such as larger portions, better presentation, or fresher fish than a similar AYCE roll.I do think this place has potential and on a busy night might actually be a fun place for the crowd and chefs.
5	LOVEEEE THIS PLACE!One of my favorites (if not my favorite) sushi spots in Vegas.My boyfriend and I have been coming here pretty frequently the past year. And I always crave this place after like a week of not going.The fish is extremely fresh and perfectly cut.Their oyster shooters are a great way to end the mealI would definitely recommend the Eddie special roll as well
5	Favorite sushi spot in Vegas that I've been to so far. Highly recommend yakisoba and the deep fried Inari sushi! When we have the money this is one of my favorite places to go. The whole atmosphere is really cool as well. I've heard people say its kinda cheesy but I enjoy it. But I wouldn't recommend going if you're right on funds as they are expensive.Also make sure if you're a Vegetarian and asking for teriyaki they give you teriyaki and not eel sauce. One of the guys argued with my friend one time saying that they're the same thing because he didn't jut wanna walk to the kitchen and grab teriyaki for her or ask a waitress to or something.
5	The best sushi in Henderson and definately the place to go if you want great sushi at a good price off the strip.
5	Great sushi...original rolls.... Very good.
2	We ate here based on a recommendation. Bad choice. The staff was very rushing it was overcrowded. The food was not very good either. If you like sushi that is  completely American inspired and fried then drenched in a mayonnaise based sauce you might actually enjoy this place. Almost every sushi roll has mayo. They mostly do sushi rolls. There fish is not fresh either. We will not be eating here again. Very disappointed with this place.
1	Terrible. I'm surprised the reviews of this place are so good. The rolls tasted like mayonnaise. Straight up mayo. No rice, no fish, no nothing. I politely told the waitress and she could have cared less. Only come here if you want mayo with a side of rice. Gross.
4	I LOVE Sushi is a fun place to go. It's very busy, so I assume with the amount of people dining here, the fish is fresh. We ordered several different items, loved them all. I will go back again!
5	Still my favorite sushi in Las Vegas. There are dozens of sushi places within ten minutes of where I live, and this will always be my first choice. Recommend!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas! I promise!
5	I have been coming here for years and will drive way across town just to eat here. Everything is so fresh and even though they are always busy (which is a good thing), their service is fast and consistent. Everytime I come here, I always order the Lisa Hand Roll and the I Love Sushi Special. They have a huge selection of rolls to choose from, and offer fresh wasabi also!
5	My favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. The food is excellent and they are super fast in case you are ever in a rush. Garlic Edamame to start is a must.  I personally love the Johnny Roll with no rice, the Candy Roll, and Hawaiian roll. The tuna nigiri is always fresh.
5	Excellent sushi!!!  The wait staff and ambience are great as well. The Vegas special (#54) is great. Can't go wrong with some tall Sapporos either.
5	The best sushi by far not a bad roll in the house, only 10 min from  the strip..worth the trip, yummy
5	First time here and the rolls were delicious and the service was great.  I will definitely return. Wish they had all you can eat though.
5	This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas, they really nailed it here.Their American style sushi is prepared in front of you if you are sitting at the bar, which I recommend for a fun social experience. The staff is highly entertaining, serving double-duty as chef and social ring-leader they are somehow always successful at getting my group to participate in a round of saki bombs. The chefs recommendations are always a good direction to go. Their service is fast but they don't rush you, allowing for a fun dinner experience whether you're out with a group or on a date. The decor is cheesy and perfect. It can use an update, but if they do I fear the environment would change, so I do not recommend that they change a single thing.If you are a sushi snob, this might not be the place for you, and we probably wouldn't want you hanging around us anyway. But if you are looking for yummy food and a consistently great time, I Love Sushi is your place.
5	BEST sushi in Vegas!!! Love sitting at the sushi bar, BoomBoom is amazing! The Ryan Special and the Gary special are so delicious! We are so picky about sushi since we moved from California and there are some of the best sushi restaurants there but this one is close! Must try!!
5	Hands down the best sushi spot in Las Vegas. Friendly staff, clean atmosphere and food is always fresh.
4	Great sushi. We were recommended I love Sushi by chance. Met a couple at Egg Works (another great restaurant for breakfast). They told us about I Love Sushi and we tried it later that night. Really fresh fish , which is as anyone knows is hard to come across in the desert. Service was quick and very attentive. Drinks never went empty and sushi chef couldn't wait to fix us something else. Try it out if you are in the area. It's a bit pricey but worth the $$.
5	Sushi is always super fresh and delicious!
4	The Seared Ahi Tuna is amazing!  And I love all of the different creative names for the sushi options.
3	Their sushi choice is mediocre at best. The last time I was here, I was flipping through the menu several times because I was having difficulty with choosing anything that seemed remotely appetizing. I did choose the Threesome Special roll, though, which was actually pretty good. However, their sushi is too pricey considering the quality of food that they have. I wouldn't mind paying $13 for a roll that's not a special at a high-end sushi restaurant, but not at I Love Sushi. I will only come to I Love Sushi if friends want to meet up with me there, but other than that, there are better sushi places in Henderson.
5	The food was great. When I go to a new sushi place I always order a spicy tuna roll to get a feeling for the quality of tuna that's being used and Friday nights are usually the best time to do that as many places get their last shipment of fish for the weekend on Friday ( local places in Nevada ) it's was fresh, delicious and well seasoned. The service was over the top even though the place was packed to the gills. We had I LOVE MY ASS ROLL as well which was awesome ! Will be back ASAP. Locals make the drive and try this place.
5	Wow...I cannot even begin to describe how fresh and amazing this sushi is here at I Love Sushi! I've tried so many sushi restaurants here in vegas and this one has changed my view about sushi...The only negative thing I have to say is that it is expensive, cheapest roll was $9 and they don't have all you can eat...But since the service and sushi were outstanding, the bill doesn't even matter! I'll definitely be back !
5	Love this place! Even to-go orders are phenomenal! Love the huge dining room and variety of rolls! Every time I try a new sushi place, I end up comparing it to I Love Sushi and the latter always wins!
5	Yellowtail, salmon handroll with avocado, salmon nigiri and rainbow roll, all excellent !
3	We eat here at least 2 times a week. We love I Sushi... Today the yellow tail had fat in it, not at all fun to chew for children and what we are used to. Usually I would bite my tongue and say nothing and eat the bill... Not today, returned it. The way I was talked to about the return seemed unkind and abrupt considering we are beyond regulars... Is it time to find another sushi place we ?
5	Wow!!! Still the best in town. Great food, great service,  great atmosphere. I absolutely think this is the best place for sushi in town.
5	Amazing meal, Profound service, delicious fish! Thank you JAMES!!!Redemption... Beautiful night!
5	One of my favorite non-AYCE sushi places.  It's so close to my house!  The sushi is super fresh--it glistens, like it came straight out of the water, sliced up, and jumped right onto your plate! haha! When it comes to sashimi and nigiri, they give you thick, fresh cuts of fish.  This is the only place in the city that I've been to that has THE freshest tasting uni (if you have any suggestions otherwise, please comment ;)).  I could eat a million orders of their uni. Service is cool.  The ambiance is casual.  I suggest sitting up at the sushi bar cuz those dudes are awesome.  I'm not gonna leave a super long review, because people have already raved about this place.  The rolls are great, appetizers are great--THE FOOD IS GREAT. LOL. Just go, you won't be disappointed.  It's worth the $$, especially if you enjoy good quality sushi.
5	"I Love Sushi" is easily my favorite sushi place in the Vegas Valley. Sure, it doesn't have the private garden, koi pond, and waterfall of "Mizumi" at Wynn Casino, but it doesn't have the same high prices, either. The fish may not also be as high quality as the product at "Bar Masa" in Aria (which only uses fish that have been out of Japan's waters for 24 hours or less), but I've never heard any complaints from anyone I've brought there. The menu at "I Love Sushi" is extensive -- especially the amazing sushi roll options -- and the atmosphere is usually fun and lively. The creative sushi roll names always elicit laughs from first-time visitors and it's a great place for a casual date or group outing with friends. It's definitely a place that can get kind of loud, however, with a casual environment that's usually not conducive to a quiet romantic dinner (especially on a busy weekend night). I always start off with the spicy edamame and some of my favorite menu items are the Kiss of Fire, Screaming Orgasm, and John Holmes.  If you're in the mood for great sushi and you don't want to deal with the hassle and high prices of a trip to the Strip, I definitely recommend this place.
5	Excellent restaurant. Very consistent in quality of service and food. Service, in our opinion, is the best of all sushi places (off the Strip). Surprisingly, our favorite roll is Mistake roll (one of their cheapest), we love their oyster shooters too! The sashimi salad is terrible though (but it's more like an exception).
3	Is it just me or is something going in with Isushi? Are they just not listening to the specifics of the order? Strange. The past 4 times i have been there is always 1 thing that gets mixed up--- so bizarre. Come on Isushi you can get it right. For now my car keeps driving me there to feed my belly, tuna amazing karai, and iced green tea. Sushi man Joe ROCKS! Maybe my English is not so good. I need to speak Sushi man talk to be heard... Lol-I SUSHI
5	So good!!  I would recommended it to everyone I know. Great atmosphere, great staff, excellent food, happy place to be. Very busy but worth the wait
5	My favorite sushi restaurant ever. Really fresh fish, the yellowtail sashimi melts in your mouth. A very fun creative menu and the chefs are awesome.
5	isushi amazing brilliant yummy happy children happy sushi men happy food mouth watering amazing food!!! happy me!!thank you thank you thank you!!!
5	By far the best sushi I've had in Vegas off the strip! The fish is very fresh, which is hard to find in the desert! Sashimi pieces are a very generous size. Mmmmmmmm! The rolls are also huge and have the freshest ingredients. The menu for them can be a little overwhelming! Every time my friends and I go to ILS we always forget what we ordered the last time. The service is quick and friendly. I recommend sitting at the sushi bar. Those guys are fun and interact with their guests! Atmosphere is upbeat and fun. Seems like everyone goes on a date there. This place gets packed for dinner, especially on the weekends, so be prepared to wait for a table. It can be a little pricey if you're used to AYCE places, but the quality is definitely worth the money!
5	Got takeout here last night for the first time. The reception lady was very friendly and the good was great! We had noodles, edamame, rice, veggie tempura, and three rolls for under $50. Everything was great!
4	This is where I broke my Las Vegas sushi cherry... TMI?After a long day of driving a U-Haul across the CA/NV stateline, lifting and unpacking boxes I was ready to eat, but I was sick of fast-food and pizza options. I yelped Sushi and this place popped up with 4 1/2 stars? Let's do this! I placed an order for pick-up and they said it would take about ten minutes. Hmmm, ten minutes for 2 orders of Udon Tempura and 2 Caterpillar Rolls? I decided to test this and arrived 8 minutes & 25 seconds later. "Hi, order for Tiffany?" (my GF) "Yup, right here...two orders of Udon Tempura and 2 Caterpillar Rolls"...whoa, this place is on it, but how does it taste?I brought it home and feasted. The Udon Tempura was very good and full of flavor. The tempura was delightful, not to greasy just lite and flaky. Poi-fect!The Caterpillar rolls you could tell were super fresh and delicious. These were definitely made to order. This place gets an easy 4 stars. I'm coming back to get the full restaurant experience soon. Maybe this will lead to an updated review and a added star?
5	There are plenty of details about specific dishes/rolls in the previous reviews so I'll keep this succinct by saying this is probably one of the top 5 sushi places we've ever been too. It is not a traditional sushi house, per se, but the food is fun, the combination of flavors are delicious and it's a nice indulgence. If you're a sushi snob with an iron rod up your asshole this is not the place for you, but if you are chill enough to enjoy good food you'll love I Love Sushi.
5	Absolutely delish!!!!  If you go over the weekend be prepared a bit of a wait.  I am a huge sushi fan and this place rates top for me!!!
4	Good food, always a line out the door. Alittle pricey per dish that is why only 4 stars.
5	Fantabulous!  I come from South Florida. I'm a native of Florida. So we move to the desert, and I read the yelp reviews and it's only one mile from our house.Wow!  The freshest and most original menu I've ever had.  I've been to Tokyo twice, and I have to say this is as good if not better. I've just become a regular. Staff excellent. Don't miss great sushi in the desert. Whoooooooo Aaahhhhhhh!
5	Good atmosphereGreat place to introduce sushi to a hesitant consumer
5	The best food I have ever eaten!!! We got the fat ass roll and the tastes like my ex girlfriend roll. Seriously, so good.
5	I've had an amazing experience everytime I come here. The chefs are hilarious and the waitresses and bus boys are ON TOP of it! They're busy but it's controlled. My drink didn't go empty and my custom roll was delicious. The only thing I wish they had is all you can eat.. We end up paying $130 because everything is a la carte.
3	Ambiance is ok, tables are too close to each other with neighbors talking very loud. Food has moderate taste, either too salty (my Spicy Soft Shell Roll) or drenched in too much eel sauce making it too sweet (Spider Roll).
5	Best Sushi ever and I have tried Nobu and other fancy sushi restaurants.  Ask for fresh wasabi ;).  Another must try if you like spicy is the volcano roll. The flavors are so good and the fish is always fresh! You don't need all you can eat at this place! The rolls are large and the sushi bar is always hopping!
5	Johnny roll, Kiss of Fire, Sun devil, Garlic Butter Special, and Yellowtail nagiri are amazing! See Randy if you sit at the bar he is awesome.
5	Screw best sushi in Vegas. I'm calling it, right now..BEST sushi in the world. Sorry Jiro, you have your dreams AND three Michelin stars, I Love Sushi gets the "best sushi in the world" title. I've had sushi from the west coast to the east coast. I've had it in four different countries (Japan wasn't one of them) and I Love Sushi is the best.I'm not even going to go into the simple stuff, like perfectly cooked edamame, or the gyoza that can be ordered steamed or fried, the cool ambiance or the super friendly staff. You can get all of that at any sushi/Japanese restaurant.I'm going to talk about their raw fish. Clean, fresh, seasoned to perfection, beautifully sliced, raw fish. Each piece of fish sets on top of a well proportioned pillow of rice. One bite and your sushi world will be destroyed. Every other sushi joint will fail to live up to I Love Sushi. Sure, you'll try other joints, mix things up a bit, but the whole time you'll be thinking "man I wish I was at I Love Sushi".Don't take it from me though. Go there and order a "screaming orgasm". It's tuna, ever-so-lightly seared, swimming in a pool of their in-house made ponzu sauce on a bed of shaved daikon. If that's not enough try the "something wrong 69" roll. I: shrimp tempura soft shell crab. O: more soft shell crab and five different types of raw fish. PLUS it's served with a side of their DELISH ponzu.And to the people giving low stars based on chicken teriyaki, or that the screaming orgasm doesn't come with rice...animals don't deserve to die to be eaten by you. Just saying.
5	I absolutely love this place! Been going here for a few years now and never been disappointed. Great sushi, great service, and nice atmosphere. Some of my favorites are the screaming orgasm, threesome special, burn in your stomach, and tastes like my ex girlfriend. These are some I can remember but they really do have a great selection.  Would definitely recommend sushi lovers to try this place.
3	If you asked me 2 years ago where the best sushi in town was I would say I love sushi easily. Unfortunately after going there at least 10 times in the past 2 years I have to say that the service has gotten progressively worse every single time. Every time I feel like I have to say well, the sushi is still the best. Yes, the sushi is really good. 5 stars for the sushi. 1 star for the service. They need a bigger restaurant, double the staff. It's too busy to do good business. I'm sure they make good money because there's no doubt about the sushi quality, but man I can do it anymore. I always try to go early so I could get a seat, you have to smash through people coming in the door. Then once seated it may take a really long time to place order. Then once order is placed you have to wait a really long time to get the food. You may want to order your second round of drinks ahead of time if you are drinking because it's going to be a long time before you see your server again. I can't really do this place anymore.
5	Yum! Thank you Joe Sushi extraordinaire!Thank you James for great seats and lovely service!
5	All I have to start with is, WOW! Loved, I mean love the food... the employees are great and the service was fast. I highly,  highly recommend this place to Sushi lovers.
5	They know me by name I eat there so much! While my favorite thing on the menu is their caterpillar roll, I do sometimes experiment with new things. I haven't had anything bad.Definitely the best sushi place I've eaten at in all of Las Vegas. Service is always great. If you order for pickup, I've generally found them to give you a time 5 to 10 minutes later than it actually takes before they have it ready.
3	It's so sad that one of my favorite places has gone downhill.  2 years ago, it was the best.  The service and food aren't what they used to be.  I am not a fan of mediocre service, and lukewarm/cold food.  I will have to find somewhere else to enjoy Sushi.  It won't be at I Love Sushi.
5	My family has been going here since 2005 since it's just around the corner.  Other than location, the sushi is always good.  In an area where all you can eat(AYCE) is just about everywhere, this restaurant does NOT offer that.  Just traditional order what you want and they'll serve it up fresh.  I gauge sushi establishments by my favorite fish, hamachi.  I order both nigiri and sashimi (when I want to spoil myself) I love sushi (ILS) has never disappointed me.  It's always so buttery smooth with that hint of fish.  The cuts are perfect, not to thin/thick.  There are other sushi places around but not "I-Love-Sushi" good as my boys will describe it.  Really good atmosphere.  On any given day, it's busy from 5:30pm to 7:30pm but it is worth the wait.
5	Yep, I've done a boat load of sushi places all over the States. This place will continue to hold a slot in the top three, easily. I don't care if it's in the desert! The sushi is fresh. The portions are generous. The staff is friendly and attentive. On top of that, you'll eat some rolls that you've never seen or heard of before, that have names right on key with Sin City style. You can keep your Nobu and your Roku. If you LOVE sushi, then you'll get this place. It's in the back of a strip mall, so watch for the little sign with the heart just past the Walgreen's. They do a killing on the weekends, so call in to make a reservation! If you're staying in LV, it's worth the drive to Henderson. Trust me. There is no all-you-can eat here. It's not that kind of fresh dead fish place. You'll get plenty full off a couple of rolls a lil cucumber salad and complimentary edamame. Don't forget to try the cold sake or the Korean soju (careful! Kick your butt that stuff!) Kampai!
2	Fun atmosphere and lively. The design is a campy but flashy asian decor. Some may say its tacky, but I love the camp factor. The service is very attentive, but a bit rushed and comes off a little pushy. The food.... veggy tempura was mediocre, shrimp tempura as poor, the chicken teriyaki was ok, the beef teriyaki was bad, and the halibut tempura was poor. The sushi rolls just very average. We did not order any specialty rolls. The sashimi was good. Maybe we should have tried the specialty rolls... I was unimpressed.
3	What is all the hype about this place. Agreed, it's packed with people. However, a sushi roll is just a roll. If your looking for true sashimi then this is not the place. Their bento and udon is..eh. Had much better many other places. You really can't tell how fresh the fish is because it's covered with ponzu sauce or some kind of sauce. If you like that, go for it!If you are truly looking for traditional Japanese, not the place.Service is good. Atmosphere is loud.
4	To keep it short and sweet this place is amazing. I've never had a bad experience and I've probably been here 50 times. Anytime someone makes me go elsewhere for sushi it doesn't even come close to comparing to the quality and experience you receive at I Love Sushi. Everything is good so go ahead and order something you wouldn't normally go for. The rolls have funny names like Stacey's Mom and I Love My Ass...it's funny to hear the servers repeat it back to you. Yummy!
4	I don't think I have been served sushi faster!  The One Night Stand was my fav and our pieces melted in my mouth!! I AM taking away 1 star (it should be more) for the dirty names and insinuations.  I would never be able to bring my kids here and although it was so good I'm hoping to find a sushi place where I don't need to order "Sex On The Sushi" or "Fat Ass Special". Thank you
5	If you don't want the usual "All you can eat" sushi then this is the place for you. The rolls are very flavorful and taste delicious.
4	So I checked this place out today at lunch.  It smelled fresh, clean and the place was busy. I'm looking for an AYCE place and this place doesn't offer it. Too bad. I'm on the hunt again!
5	The best sushi I have ever had in Las Vegas. For that reason when we purchased a house, we were glad to know we were moving closer to I Love Sushi. The owner is always in there, working so hard and really helps facilitate the movement and feeling of the place. There's not a big turn around with the sushi chefs or employees. Always a good sign. We have become regulars
5	If I could give this place more than five stars, I would. This is the best sushi I've ever had. My husband I and have to go here at least once a month. It gets busy around the dinner rush but they move tables really quickly. The sushi is always fresh and comes out really fast. Here are some suggestions: screaming orgasm, kiss of fire, mountain roll, Ryan's special, double d roll, threesome special... Everything is good. I've honestly never had a roll here that I don't like. The rolls are big so don't over order! A definite must if you're in the Vegas/Henderson area!
5	Omg this place is soooo good I will defiantly be back Joe is awesome so kind and kid friendly
3	Service is hit or miss. During the latest incident our sushi took over an hour with barely any acknowledgment from the server.  45min into waiting she said "I know, long time" and left without another word. A guy who sat after us threatened to leave and he got his sushi before us. We did get a small complimentary bowl of edamame when our food finally arrived. I wish the staff was more proactive. Sit at the sushi bar!
5	If you are ever in Vegas and you are hungry for sushi.  Drive to Henderson. And go here.  The rolls are awesome.  We made reservations. Thank goodness.  It was packed, and for good reason.  I love the names of the rolls. Screaming Orgasm, Washington DC, One Night Stand, and so many more.  Every sauce they use, so delish.  Cant wait to come back to Vegas and go here.
5	Happy happy joy joy!!So so wonderful!!Thank you for such a beautiful meal! We are starving!We sat down and amazing sushi man, Randy, knows what we want already- I  VIP SERVICE!
5	We both wanted good quality but light fare so the logical stop was I love sushi.  Excellent service. Quality ingredients. Inventive roll recipes. We got there before the rush and were seated promptly. Check your timing, it can get busy and noisy.Dishes to recommend: Fish tempura appetizer - halibut. OutstandingJoe's Special roll - best on the menuPhiladelphia roll - a very basic roll but excellent in it's simplicity and freshness
5	Excellent service & fantastic sushi. This is one of the best sushi restaurants in the Las Vegas area
5	I loved this place. The atmosphere is amazing, I love how the staff wear authentic Japanese kimonos. The food was delicious and the prices are very reasonable. We will definitely be making this our go-to sushi spot in Henderson. Great service too. Thanks!
5	Forget all the expensive sushi spots in town and go to I Love Sushi. Best sushi I have ever had in Vegas or anywhere else. The rolls are awesome and really unique...especially I Love My Ass, Dragon, Bam Bam...and the Screaming Orgasm rocks as well. They get very busy at the expected times but I've never had bad service here and I've eaten here at dozens of times. When I take people here from out of town the first thing they ask when they come back to visit is when we can go to I Love Sushi. Enough said.
5	My husband and I moved to Vegas 4 months ago from FL. We have been searching for sushi like this since we lived on the west coast of FL! We lived on the east coast of FL for 9 years and we had a sushi joint that we loved. They served a spicy crab roll, which is NOT a complicated roll but we have not been able to find a single sushi place that served this roll in 2 years. . .until we went to I Love Sushi last night! This place is our new go to sushi joint. We had the Jackpot Special, spicy crab roll and eel and tuna sushi. The red tuna filets were as fresh and yummy as you can get. The rolls were fantastic and the service was superb. I'm pretty sure that the sushi chefs have "I Dream of Genie" powers because as soon as we ordered, our rolls were on the table made exactly as we ordered them. The prices are in line with what we're used to paying and the menu has a good variety of choices. We'll definitely be back. . .and it's absolutely worth drive to Henderson from the Strip.
3	I can see why the locals like this place. The service is good and there is a wide variety of options - sushi and non-sushi. Just note its Americanized Japanese food - not Japanese Japanese, if you know what I mean. The winner of the night was the teriyaki halibut that was steamed. We were warned that it would take a while to cook and it was worth it. The sauce was on the sweet side, but the fish was surprisingly light and not overcooked. Scallop roll was the best, poke was passing and the shrimp tempura in the caterpillar roll was pretty greasy, and again had really sweet sauce. I have to admit I blushed a bit as I read the sushi menu while sitting across from my grandma. Screaming orgasm roll? Really? Good thing it was dark so she probably couldn't read the menu or see my red cheeks.
5	These guys by far have the best service in town when it comes to sushi restaurants.  We love coming here because we know we will always be taken care of.  On top of that the food is great!
5	This is the ONLY place where my husband and I eat sushi. Love the baked roll options. Edamame is great, love the beer choices. We try and go monthly when we're able!
5	I have been a customer of I Love Sushi for the past 10 years now. The sushi is really fresh and service has always been great. They have my vote for best sushi in town! Love this place!
4	Typical selection of sushi without the Strip restaurant prices. Basic decor but with friendly and very attentive staff. It's a good choice for a casual no frills meal. Quiet atmosphere. I did not have a reservation and don't know if they take them but on a Late Wednesday afternoon I was able to get seated right away.
4	Went here for dinner on a Friday night. I've been eating a lot of sushi lately and couldn't resist trying out another place. I have to say that this place was interesting because the waitresses actually wear kimonos and have accents. My server was pretty sassy which made things even more enjoyable lol. I tried the Ryan's roll which was pretty good. It reminded me of a standard crunchy roll, but this one cost like $15, so I don't know if I would get it again. The Screaming Orgasm was really good too and the small portion was only $10. The seared tuna was good and I would probably get it again. I liked it because it was fresh (not like some places with the chewy or stale looking fish), had a slightly spicy aftertaste, and had a bunch of sprouts and stuff which made me feel healthy. It was pretty busy so you know that is a good sign.
4	So I guess I recently went on a sushi splurge. What can I say? I love sushi! HahThis place was hustling and bustling the Friday night that I came. We had a group of 8 people and they accommodated all of us very nicely in one booth. It was my first time here so I didn't know what to expect. It's a sushi/Japanese restaurant run by Koreans with waitresses in kimonos. Interesting.. Let's start off by the saying that the specialty sushi roll menu is.. well.. extensive. Like really extensive. There are so many options.. maybe too many options for my indecisiveness haha.. The sushi was not bad though. I ordered the Ryan roll which was basically a crunchy shrimp tempura roll with maguro and special sauce. It was quite tasty.Our service was great! Considering how busy the place was, our server was really attentive and fun. So why just the 4 stars? I was a little thrown back by the price of the rolls. My roll was $15 already. I was a little disappointed to find out they didn't have a AYCE option but it is what it is. (I think people from Hawaii are just too spoiled with cheap food) They also have bento boxes/dinner specials that also looked yummy. I would give those a try if I come back next time!
5	These guys are just amazing. Best sushi in Las Vegas in my opinion. Ambiance is great as well. They sure could spice it up w some good music and better outfits however. Not sure about socks and flip flops however. Looks not so comfortable but hey food this good i take it any day. Spicy hot edamame  is a good start. Good new creations on new food designs.
3	This place did not live up to the hype I heard from multiple people and yelp reviews. The atmosphere is nothing special and the sushi was ok. I had spicy tuna and the screaming orgasm and even though the screaming orgasm was what one would think is a "specialty roll" it was honestly just average. Maybe I should've ordered different items but I did not love it.
5	Yummy! Loved the Salmon Lover & Screaming Orgasm :) Service was quick and it's totally worth the drive.
4	The sushi here is fresh and yummy, and the service is great. I ordered the Screaming Orgasm and Ryan's roll. While the food was good, I don't think I'd come here often. There are just too many delicious AYCE sushi joints in Vegas that offer good food for better prices. And although I'm a petite Asian girl, I can EAT. So I'd be getting more bang for my buck going elsewhere. Just suits me better. But I love Sushi is good.
4	Came to Vegas for the week, had to try this place based on the yelp reviews and interesting looking menu.  Variety was overwhelming, tried just a couple items and was full In no time.  Would have loved to try more .  My suggestion would be half roll option or sampler plates.  If your looking for variety they have it. Atmosphere  at lunch was quiet and comfortable.
5	I eat here often and the food and service is always great.  My favorite rolls are the Jackpot and Ryan's Special.  I never have to wait to be seated even when it's real busy.
5	This sushi place is amazing!   After living here two years we've thought about trying other sushi places, but we are always scared we won't find a place as good as this one!  John Holmes roll= amazing, Monkey Roll- hell yes, Ryan Special- yep it's delicious.  Everything they serve there is delicious and the restaurant is always clean and the staff is friendly.  Hardly ever a wait for a table and every trip has always been amazing. Basically I wish I had sushi right now as I write this review......
5	I admit it I'm a sushi snob!  I do not enjoy just any old plain sushi roll.   First it must be fresh (this goes without saying),  and second I like a little creativity in my rolls.  Well this place delivers!  The menu is extensive and full of lots of unique choices.   Pretty much everything I have tried is delicious and awesome.  Having tried many sushi restaurants in town I Love Sushi is without a doubt my favorite. The place is always hopping and the service is pretty good.  Some of my recommended rolls to try are Shaun's Special and Ryan's Special.
3	Here's the thing, I literally grew up here. Like, this place is about a mile from my house, and a block from where I went to high school and we'd walk here after school and get takeout (we were spoiled ok?!). We knew the sushi chefs by name, and when we got a little older (not old enough), we'd sneak sake bombs before going out to the coolest party ever. The inappropriate names for the rolls were the funniest thing we'd ever seen- it was the bees knees and the best sushi I'd ever had. Fast forward 10 years, and sadly times have changed. The quality of the fish seems to have gone downhill and the cold fresh rolls just don't taste as fresh and the hot crunchy rolls are drenched in indistinguishable sauces. I really hate to say this, but last time I was here a few weeks ago, two of us got sick from eating the same roll. It's still a fun place to meet friends and get some so-so food, but now when we want a quality sushi dinner (it's all relative), we'll head down to Spicy Tuna.
5	This is my favorite sushi place that I have been coming to consistently since 2003, the best sushi town in my opinion, love that most of the people working here are still the same people since I starting coming in 2003, great atmosphere, great sushi bar, this place is always great and never disappoints
5	Bomb af! Food came in fast which is always a plus and was magically delicious. Finished all of it and my stomach went from 0 to 100 real quick. The waitress was on top of her shiet! Always checked on us and always came through with that we needed. I almost wanted to call her "bae". In addition to that the atmosphere of the place made me feel asian af, and I love that. Definitely coming back!
5	Sushi was fresh.  Portion was acceptable.   Nice ambience.  I am extremely pleased with the service.  The server(s) kept checking back on us multiple times.  When I visit my friend in Las Vegas again, I would definitely come again.
4	Love this place!!! They burst my sushi cherry and I've been addicted ever since! The screaming orgasm is amazing and the green tea tempura ice cream is great!!!
5	The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly and accommodating! We dine almost once a week and have had good experiences!
5	This place ALWAYS impresses, ask for Joe if you want the best Sushi Chef there. You can order from the menu or tell Joe what you like and get the Joe Special
4	Excellent, as always. We eschewed the sushi today, and explored the rest of the menu. David had the yakisoba, and i had the tonkatsu. Very, very good!
5	For sushi in Las Vegas and Henderson... this is the ONLY place.  Quail Egg shooters, Uni shooters, unlimited choice of cleverly designed and monikered sushi rolls to satisfy any palette, beautifully prepared, fresh sashimi selections... I could go on but that would waste your time.  You should just start driving and get there.For those needing a more thorough review - here it is.James (the owner) and his wonderful band of creative chefs and service staff are a one-in-a-million find.  In 9 years of going to this place 4 times a month, I have never had a less than welcoming and wonderful dining experience.  Lunch or dinner - it makes no difference - you are warmly received, served the best fish in town, and you are quickly absorbed into the electric atmosphere.  The chefs are top notch and have a lot of leeway in terms of creating your perfect dish, even if it's not on the menu.  And that is saying something since their printed menu and roll & specialty menu exceeds 150 items.  Amazing:-)  Their food quality is 5-star.  But what makes it fun is how cleverly written the sushi roll selection menu is - sometimes inappropriate, yes, but always hysterical.  Selections include - Screaming Orgasm (large or small),  Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend, I Love My Ass and, of course, the well received I Love My Fat Ass.  The hilarity and creativity of the menu is only exceeded by the fact that all are beautifully prepared and DELICIOUS! The biggest rave for I Love Sushi is the SERVICE!  Without fail this is the best trained, best managed and smartest group of servers and support staff in town.  One visit, they remember you.  Second visit they remember your name.  Third visit, you are part of the family.  Think Cheers meets the sushi industry - it's a winner.If you are hankering for a sushi fix, please do not hesitate to join the party at I Love Sushi.  You will not be disappointed!Tell them Shannon and Lisa sent you!
5	Had great cocktails and appetizers, good fresh ushi, but a very long wait for entrees. Tuna was under done, rare was sushi, bouillabaisse was served cool with 2mussels, 2 clams , three shrimp and a tablespoon of fish. They took it off the bill, but it was poor, and the staff couldn't understand because it was a "popular" dish. Come for cocktails and oysters and skip the entrees
5	We have eaten at I Love Sushi several times over the last four years. They are amazing! The screaming orgasm is the best. Over the weekend it is better to make a reservation if you don't want to wait for a table. They are not cheap but the food is well worth the money! James, the owner, is fun and works hard to make this place the best to have sushi in town. Highly recommended.
5	Delish! Fun! Love the food, great sushi chefs. Been ere on dates, been her with fam and everyone leaves happy. A little pricy but great sushi is. Hear from a friend there's a kitchen sink roll that excellent. I haven't had it yet but will on my next visit. Bon Appetite!
4	Service was great... I ordered a few rolls but my favorite was "screaming orgasm" lol names are a lil kinky but hey it's VEGAS... not a place for the prudes ;-) it's a little pricy for a little bit of food, that's why I gave it 4 stars. I'll be back for my *Screaming Orgasm* for sure.
