4	Yahhoo! I found a new place for getting pedicures or pedis as we self indulgent people call them.   I was uber impressed with this nail salon . I wasn't able to get in right away at my usual place so I ventured in here after doing errand ..okay I wasn't doing important errands, I was shopping for fun and getting massage... okay glad I got the truth out there.  Anywho ..this place rocked !!! It was super clean , low on tacky plastic decor,  in fact  they only had fake plants no strange vases or wall hangings.I was amazed at the very nice receptionist hostess who acted like she really cared ..wow nice touch .. she even came over to check on clients during their time there ..very unusual...  All the nail people  wore black outfits that caused a more professional look  to the place. They had  great  massage chairs and of course current gossip mags to peruse.  Price was reasonable too. Best reason  though ...super long enjoyable  leg massage... wow this gal went all out I about fell asleep in the chair. I noticed that all of the techs  gave very nice foot / leg rubs  that were deeper than some places.  You can  count on me coming back!!
1	UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP. I was a loyal customer to Fashion Nails for the past 2 years until their recent management change. I have given them the two tries since the switch but its a complete 360 from what they were. They have terrible customer surface, and frankly I think I could go the Walmart in the shopping complex for the same quality service. The polish on both my manicure and pedicure chipped in less than a week. I have never been so disappointed...especially after being so happy for finding such a wonderful place. Not to mention the terrible job the girl did on my eyebrows! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
2	Get ready for some MAJOR up selling. The staff does not stop trying to sell you something. This gets to be annoying after the first 10 minutes.Clean establishment. Friendly , but overbearing staff. okay services. I would keep looking for another nail salon--mani and pedi were okay at best. I have had much better treatments at a lower cost at other nail salons.
2	Very expensive and you don't get much for your money. The pedicure was good but for $40, Princess Nails does the same if not better job for less. They upsell and they are pushy so I was dumb and ended up paying $62 for a mani/pedi with tip. It was one of those things were you walk out and feel like you have been "had" and feel dumb. I was dumb. I had to go back to get the manicure redone because my cuticles weren't pushed back enough and it looked terrible. I would not go back.
1	Can I give this place a zero star rating? Came in with the kids to get kiddie pedis & my own pedi, as well as a fill for a friend. They said they could take us all and that it wasn't a problem. One of the pedis was for my friend's young son and we asked if he could soak his feet & that's it. Next thing I know, the women were getting ignored & they're giving him a full blown pedi. A five year old does not need calluses removed!!!! Despite the fact that we didn't ask for that and in no universe would he ever need that service, we were charged for it. I also thought it to be an exceptional business strategy that they were trying to upsell add ons to the pedis for the girls. Since when does a 7-year old make payment decisions?!'They upsell you like crazy and don't take 'no' for an answer. At one point during my pedi, she was trying so hard to get me to do a manicure that she actually told me my hands looked terrible. They will look really terrible when I scratch your eyes out. Or maybe I'll scratch mine out if I ever decide to go to this salon again.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star. I'll save you all the negative details, I don't feel like typing that much.Long story short...terrible customer service, uncomfortable up selling, least relaxing salon I've ever been to. Got rushed in and out in 30 min for a spa pedicure, and I was only one of two people in there. They weren't even busy!Please do not waste your money here. I will certainly never go back.
1	You can get a manicure and pedicure here, hence the 1 start, but I advise that you do not. The technician that did my toes was very sloppy with the cuticle clipper and callus shaver. He removed layers of my skin on the top of my big toe above the knuckle, so much that it stung like the Dickens when he applied alcohol to dry my toes. The callus shaver got the back of my leg a couple of times too. Both technicians were rather aggressive. The first with add-on packages that I had to refuse three times. The second disagreeing with my request that my nails only be buffed wth a buffing spong and not grinded with a dremel. The gel manicure did not include culticle softening or pushing back the cuticles. My cuticles were cute dry after the manicure. At the end a third technician messed up one of my toes putting on my flip flops and just brushed a quick layer of polish over the top. It looks terrible. Go anywhere else.
1	I put my last review in the wrong spot...so here we go again...Yeeeeah....not gonna come back to this place any time soon...Came here for an event that my work was having. The salon had to call in 10 nail techs to be there and they also closed the salon down for us from 11:30 to 1:00...that's actually the only reason that they even get one star...They claimed that they were going to give us discounted prices on the pedicures since we were having a team event there. They were going to charge $13 for a manicure and $23 for a spa pedicure...I'd hate to see the "normal" prices if that was the case.My friend and I opted for just the pedicure and went and sat down...I noticed she had stuff floating in her water and I had some black hair floating in mine...Um...I'm very blonde so I knew it wasn't my hair. The nail tech guy fished it out.My nail tech wasn't that bad...he asked my friend and I if we wanted to add on callus (spelling?) remover and a 20 minute massage for an extra $15...turn down a 20 minute massage? Yeah, I think not...so we got the 2 extras. Well, my friend's nail tech started to go in and attemt to trim her toe nails. My friend stopped her and asked her to please just file them...She repeated herself TWICE not to cut her nails...next thing she knew...SNIP! She had cut off her toe nail and cut it extremely short to the skin which caused a bit of pain for my friend. Then the nail tech doesn't even bother to cut the other toe nail on the other foot to make the toes look even!! Like, WTF is that? Really?Anyway, they did the sugar scrub real fast and then they started in on the massage which only lasted about 8 to 10 minutes...no where NEAR the 20 minutes that they promised. My tech seemed to be doing stuff to my feet that my friend's tech didn't do to her's...and vice-versa. It was very inconsistent and seemed very weird. It led us to believe that they weren't the normal nail tech's that work there and were prolly just some of the "extras" they brought in to accocommodate the large group that we had. Or were they even licensed to do nails at all?? It didn't seem like it...To top it all off, my friend's nail tech did one coat of polish, stood up and told her that the other nail tech (the one painting my nails) would finish painting. We don't know why she didn't just finish her feet because the nail tech just walked away and didn't even start working on anyone else. She just went and stood elsewhere.So in the end, my friend and I were out $38 for a horribly done and horribly short pedicure that we could have done ourselves at home for a fraction of the cost...VERY upsetting...
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!  I would give it a ZERO if I could!  First of all it is so overpriced.  Went here with my sister for a mani & pedi and for the both of us, with callous remover for our feet, it was $82. Some places give you services that are actually worth that price but this place isn't one of them.  First we walk in and take a seat at our spa chairs and the lady, who I would guess is the manager, is pushy right off the bat.  She starts my manicure and another person starts my pedicure.  They ask if we want callous remover....sure, we need it.  Then they go into how the upgraded package will actually save us money.  They explain it so fast we don't understand and just become very confused.  So we tell them we're confused.  They explain more slowly and it's clear that the upgraded package doesn't save us crap. Two minutes into soaking my left hand the manager takes it out of the water and starts filing.  Then she walks across the room, sits down at another nail station, and starts cutting fruit!  As soon as my pedicure was done the person who had done that started prepping my fingernails for polish.  I told her they were never filed, cuticles were never clipped, etc.  I should have told them to forget the manicure but I think I was so shocked and confused I wasn't thinking straight!  I've never had such a terrible nail experience.
1	First off its very expensive $45 dollars, for nail.. The tec did not even shape them right I have thin nails and after she was done with me it looked like I had stubby nails.  When I left a 3 dollar tip , because I was'nt happy with the shape (But I pretended I liked my nails).   I told the nail Tec thank you and she replied ok and the picked her back tooth with her nail trying to dig something out gross!!  Lets just say I wont be going there again..
1	I went in about a month ago with a coupon for a mani pedi for $30. The French was an extra $5... Fine whatever. They charged my $70 when I walked out the door. Not to mention it all chipped off anyway. Don't go here. They try and sell you to death.
1	All I have to say is NO. Just don't go. It's awful. A two year old could have done a better job. Tip and money hungry.
1	I wouldn't recommended this nail salon to anyone. I went there two times and both times I was unhappy with my nails and service. They were always trying to cut corners. I would pay for a mani and pedi and they always acted like it was an inconvenience when I would have to ask them to cut my cuticles, soak my nails, or ask them to cut my nails before doing them. Those things have always been standard in every other nail salon I had been to. I always get a gel manicure and I was horrified when the lady used her nails to scratch off the old gel on my nails. There is a tool for that! My nails would chip or peel up within the first week and I am not hard on my nails at all. I also thought it was so rude that both times I was there my nail techs were on their cell phone or constantly talking to the other techs. I will never go back!
5	I've been going to Fashion Nails for almost 5 years and they treat me like a VIP when I walk in the door!  Tina and Tom both do an outstanding job on my pink/white, and I get so many compliments - even from complete strangers.  They do quality work on their pedicures and waxing as well.  I have never been disappointed by this place.  Of course they always try to upsell (especially on the pedi services), but what self respecting nail salon doesn't???  The salon is well maintained, clean, stylish and staffed with friendly, talented people.
1	I read the reviews on this place before going here twice figuring I would give them the benefit of the doubt.  I should have known better than to basically ignore my fellow Yelpers, sorry.  I went the first time about 3 weeks ago and decided to get a slightly upgraded spa pedi as my feet were in somewhat bad shape.  I got the callus remover which worked well, the massage was good and enjoyable.  No really big complaints about this time except the polish started chipping after only 3 days so I wasn't happy about that.I went back this past Friday to give them another chance figuring maybe it was just the nail polish itself.  The "tech" who's name was Kim sat down and immediately started clipping my nails without asking!  Good thing they needed a bit of a trim but I've never had someone just start chopping away like that.  She talked me in to a $45 pedi and I specifically told her not to use the callus remover as it had just been done 3 weeks ago and my heels were still good.  She used what I thought was just a callus softener (the milky white stuff that is used with every pedi) but the next day it was apparent it was remover.  Her massage was good but a little too hard and I really don't think I got the extended massage I paid for with the upgraded pedi.Anyway, when I woke up on Saturday morning, my heels were really sore and when I looked they were pink and slightly raw, it hurt to walk!  In one area, my skin was actually puckering a bit.  I called to notify them of this and they asked me to come in so they could see.  Well, I don't live in the area, it is near where I work and hadn't planned on traveling 10 miles in that direction but, I went anyway so they could see what the problem was.  When I went in the manager or owner (she didn't provide a title) named Tina looked and said "oh, she just did it really good and your feet will be fine in 2 to 3 days".  Really, that's it?!?!  She acted as if I had never had a pedicure in my life.  Sorry Toot's, I'm 43 and I enjoy my pedis when I can get them and I have been getting them for YEARS!  Never in my life have I had an experience like this.  Not only that, the polish job wasn't that great either.  The color is cute but they didn't even completely cover the color with the top coat (Kind of like in the pics someone on here provided of their fingernails).  To resolve the issue, Tina attempted to give me a gift certificate for a whopping $10!  I told her I wanted the cash since I am most likely not ever going to come back, she obliged.  I would recommend NEVER even trying this place out!
5	This nail salon was fantastic! I'm from out of town and get gel manicure/pedicure all the time......they finished both of these in 1 hour!! It was great!!! I loved it!! I wasn't in the salon for like 3 hours. While my pedicure was being done, they worked in my gel French manicure. And it looked great!!!!It was a little pricey, $107 (and I gave the a $20 tip) so the total was $127 but I was completely satisfied!!!
1	Wish I would have paid attention to the other Yelpers reviews!!  Worst gel manicure and completely overpriced compared to other nail salons in the area! Technician was inexperienced, unfriendly and not paying attention to what I told her I wanted.  Save your money and go ANYWHERE else!!
