1	I tried this service based on their advertising as a House Cleaner, Carpet Cleaner &  Power Washing Company . I will admit we had been looking for a cleaning service for a month so our house may have been a little worse for ware, which is why we gave them two chances. Where to start.First day power wash team, Rang our bell 6 times with questions as odd as how do we turn on water to where , with the last ring I told them if they couldn't complete the job with out further interruptions they could leave.When they did leave our gate was left wide open ( we have pets and they were told to watch the gate) our phone lines had been damaged by the power washing and had to be replaced.Cleaners came No vacuums, no mops and no obvious cleaning products. All they did was wipe surfaces with a dry rag, they sprayed some solution on our marble floor which made it sticky. They did not vacuum the carpet, the stairs or the wood floor. There were crumbs on the counters and the area rugs had not been vacuumedLater that day Carpet Cleaners came and yes it was up sold 174.00 for stairs and deodorant. They asked me if my house had been cleaned as it was still not vacuumed and the kitchen was barely touched. I said yes your crew was here this morning, they called the owner and gave me a free house cleaning ( not really free as I had paid for a house cleaning I did not get ) He could not understand why they had no vacuum, mops or brooms. They cleaned the carpets and honestly they look worse, they were wet for a few days afterwards, He apologized again and they also gave me a free carpet cleaning to be used in the future ( not going to happen) .Last week I got the replacement house cleaning same results, crumbs on counters, sticky floors, it was obviously a quick run through the house. My laundry room was never even swept. All in all a nightmare. Called owner not event o cancel just to request a new cleaning team. He went off on me saying that it's me no one else has problems . Extremely Rude and unprofessional. I was not trying to get anything for free,  I just wanted what I paid for, 575.00 of cleaning that never really lived up tot he cost. Plus we had to pay Time Warner for Phone Wire repairs. Maybe it's us, perhaps we are pigs but I would think twice about this service if only for the owners attitude
1	I had asked for a deep cleaning of my house on July 24th and specifically asked if they provide this service prior to putting my house on the market. I had told Eric about the time sensitivity of the cleaning. He assured me they would take care of it. I had a friend let the cleaning person in and she also checked up on her later. They called me mid-cleaning saying there was mold and I ok'ed to pay extra (I should've asked for picture proof). My friend went back when they called to say they were done, but the cleaning person was on the phone and they were not done. On my drive home, Brandy called again saying they were done and the cleaning person had another job and could not stay to walk through the house with me. The house didn't even smell clean when I arrived home. Maybe the counter tops and floor were cleaned in the kitchen. There was still dust everywhere. I have no idea what she did for 6 hours. Also, I payed extra for the windows to be clean and they were not. I understand the house was definitely dirty because we had painters come through prior to cleaning, but that should not be an issue. I tried calling and emailing Eric Coleman with no response for several months. He was always on a business trip. I was told they could not get back to re-clean my house/verify they did not do a good job due to a big job they had at UNCC that week. I had to clean my house myself that night so I could keep with my timeline to sell my house. Therefore, they could not refund me (because they couldn't see it). I would have been fine with just a little bit of money back, but $266.91 is ridiculously expensive for a job not done at all. Do not use them. There are many hard working small business owners who will clean your home cheaper and better than CCA Cleaning Solutions.
1	DO NOT USE!! I agree with all the other reviews. I purchased a groupon in anticipation of our upcoming move. Everything was scheduled and confirmed. The day of, the cleaners gave me the run around from an "emergency," to we are on the way, to I just got a flat tire. Ok, so I was patient and the technician told me they would be back at 7:30 the following morning. My boyfriend planned to meet him and we only had an hour as he had to be at work. The technician never showed, nor answered any of his calls. I have contacted the owner and expect a follow up after the holiday weekend. This was a major inconvenience and horrible customer service...can't comment on the quality of the cleaning because it never happened!! We ended up going with Stanley Steemer a couple days later (which delayed our move and schedule), but they were wonderful. Stay with the people you know and trust and Stanley Steemer has never disappointed.
1	DON'T USE THEM!!! They gave me a major run around when trying to schedule an appointment to get my carpets cleaned. The guy claims to have showed up but no one came to my door or made any effort and he called me later saying he had already left. The guy never got my name right despite the fact I corrected him several times. I tried to reschedule and he said he would call me back. Never heard from him. What kind of business is this?? I thought they were legit because they were on GROUPON but nope!DEFINITELY PASS ON THIS PLACE!!!
