5	Great eye Doctor! The office staff is fantastic! So nice and so helpful! Dr Larry Perez, O.D. is so easy to talk to and super informative without going over your head. If you are looking for a nice, helpful, well trained, eye doctor in the centennial area.... go here!!!
2	My first couple of visits to this place was worthy of 4 stars, but my latest experience with Optic Gallery was a 1-star fiasco, so here we are at 2 stars. The receptionist was rude and unhelpful, and the office manager decided to back her instead of keeping us as customers. My insurance ended suddenly, so I called in to buy one box of contacts to tide me over till I could afford an eye exam. They told me that my prescription is good for one year, but they'd extend it for 90 days - and I was sitting there at about 97 days. A week late, and they told me I HAD to pay $130 for an eye exam. Now - I'm not mad about the policy or that they decided to stick to it. I'm mad about how they treated me. The receptionist just didn't give an eff about me, didn't say "I'm sorry," and even talked about me "behind my back" to the other woman working there when I was standing right in front of her. I'm really appalled that a business would treat a customer, who has come in regularly for exams and purchased glasses and contacts there continuously for 2 years, like that. It was my time of need, and they were unwilling to help or even care. Oh - and they lost my file. However that happens. So yeah. I like the doctor, I liked the glasses selection, but the front office staff just weren't nice. I took my $200 elsewhere to have an exam and buy the contacts.
5	Excellent customer service. They are friendly and caring. I give them my highest rating.
5	i just had to give two thumbs up to this office. i personally don't wear glasses, but needed some sunglasses fixed. a young woman, i believe her name was michelle was very professional and helpful towards me.I do think i might need reading glasses, and I would prefer to go through a professional eye exam vs. non prescription reading glasses. When that time comes, I'll go here.
5	Before I see any eye doctor I usually do my research and see how people would rate them. Since Optic Gallery received nearly all 5 stars on most of the reviews, I thought I'd give this place a chance. I'm glad I did! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Dr. Wang was really nice and hey I can see clearly now. They have a wide selection of glasses to choose from. Since I have a small head and I like the thick frame type glasses, I usually have a hard time looking for the perfect pair. The lady that was helping me showed me all the styles that I was looking for and helped me pick out the perfect pair.
5	Professional and welcoming staff. Dr. Wang is awesome!
5	Marie was very patient & helpful with my visit today... I got the best pair of glasses :)
5	Eye exam was very thorough.   Staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating.  Will try to maximize insurance benefits and provide additional discounts for non insurance covered items.    Had to exchange my lenses after a week (changed my mind on type of lens) and there was no issue.   Highly recommend and will use again in the future.
5	Excellent experience. I have been going there for 5 years now and they take excellent care of my family. Both Dr.s are excellent, ask any question you want and you will get a concise answer.
5	So I went in for an eye exam.  Needed to upgrade my glasses.  My everyday glasses turned out perfect.  The second pair, for computer use were impossible to use.  Went back and Dr. Wang inspected them and found a tiny bubble which was distorting my vision.  The glasses were sent back and re-made.  I've had the new computer glasses for a few weeks and can't get used to them.  Stopped in today, was immediately greeted and told to have a seat.  The front office girls are great.  She asked me what was going on and all of a sudden, there is Dr. Wang.  He looked at me and said didn't we make those glasses for both short & close vision?  I'm impressed.....how would he remember that with all the patients he sees.  He asked if he could adjust the glasses and see if they were any better for me...and WOW, who would have guessed they just needed to be adjusted a bit and they are perfect.  EXCELLENT service, friendly staff.....Great place to go if you need glasses!
4	Been coming here for 4 years now. Great service and great staff. I have never had to wait long. While picking up a pair of glasses, I told them about a problem I was having with my right eye. I didn't have an appointment and they did everything to get me in within 15 minutes to have my eye checked out. A+ service.
5	Friendly and accommodating staff that go out of their way to make sure you are happy with your exam, eyewear and fitting.  Everyone is personable and they care about your eye health, you will never feel like you are working with a salesperson like at some other offices I have been to in Las Vegas.  They have a great selection in store but they had no problem letting me look through catalogs for custom order frames.  It's a super convenient location for anyone in the Northwest and worth the drive for anyone who isn't.
5	So far so good the staff made me fill like family that good here in Las Vegas. Well I think with my eye exam today.  The staff was fantastic.  I saw the doctor she was really nice she told me more about myself than any other doctor told me.  I took a picture of the inside my I showed so much cool. Nice people I'll go back there again.  And you do need an appointment to see the doctor. But I got in the same day that I walked in the door but was later  .
5	Went today got my glasses. Beautiful sexy great Fareway can't read with progressive lenses . Where you read is in the far Center corner of the glasses .what was he thinking  .who made them . they will go back . Got such a headache and go back to my dollar 50 reading glasses. Well went back to the doctor today to return the glasses. I met with the doctor himself nicest man I like him a lot. He retested my eyes change my prescription from 2.50 to 2.75. And readjusted my transition glasses where I can read out of them. The whole staff is fantastic. I feel like I'm getting better service than I did at any of my other eye doctor that I went to. I would highly recommend you should go see him. The staff I give it 10 out of 1 to 10. Just keep up the good work.
5	Dr. Wang is great! He is everything you would want in a doctor: caring, professional, understanding and he takes his time to talk to you in regards to your eye health!
5	Wow the entire staff was friendly and conversational. Doc was great as well. Made me feel at ease and comfy during the exam. The guy with the tattoo on his hand that helped me pick out my new Tiffany & Co frames was awesome and super patient with my indecisiveness. Thanks everyone for a great experience! I'm glad I based my decision on coming here on previous Yelp reviews. You Yelpers never let me down... Ever!
