5	I neded a new tire. I called around 1, told me they could work me in, done by 3.Separate play area for kids...life saver!! Tv's, snacks...great waiting area.Friendly service.
5	The staff at Hendrick BMW Northlake was phenomenal. Jim Story, the Pre-Owned Sales Manager, and Dane Hagy, my Salesman, were absolute class-acts. I was treated with respect as if I was the most important person in the building. I live 90 minutes from the dealer and Jim Story was respectful of my time and helped me with the initial process of the sale. We were able to come to a mutual agreement on the price of the car so that everything would be ready for me to sign when I arrived.I would recommend this dealer without hesitation. I absolutely love my 2008 MINI Cooper Clubman S!
5	Thank you Dane for all your help. My son is very happy with his 550i.  I am thinking of going back and get a 750 for my self. Keep up the great work.The Spade Family
5	Really nice doing business with this dealership.  When i get my next BMW, I will definitely be returning.  Zak was very helpful and I have stopped by a few times after the deal and he was just as helpful post transaction.
5	We had Jon as a sales rep and he was incredible.  A vet of the car biz for 15 years, it definitely showed and we made the best decision possible.
1	Awful customer service and the routine service takes too long (and is too expensive).  The sales team does not offer any assistance; rather, I had to routinely seek them out for questions that I had about their vehicles.  Once, I had an appointment and they were clueless about why I was there and were not prepared.  This dealership is awful.  Use the BMW on Independence Blvd. It is worth the drive to feel valued, considering your are spending several thousands of dollars on a luxury vehicle. Also, the responsiveness around their service issues is extremely poor from management. I am buying an M5, but will not purchase from this location or a Hendricks dealership.
5	Thank you Zac Kittle for your hard work in helping us obtain our new X4.  I recommend Zac for your new car buying experience.  Zac is sharp about cars, hustles to makes things happen, transfers his confidence in his knowledge to the customer and is honest.  Zac is a solid human being!  I really like Zac.  Gary will teach you how to use all the interior buttons and he's a brilliant teacher with a lot of patience and kindness.  I am glad I decided to do business with this great auto group.  I have decided to have my X4 serviced here too.  I like this location better than the Charlotte location.
5	I purchased my 3rd BMW from this location back in June. I want to thank Tom, Bill & Tony for all of the work and service they have provided. No matter what the issue they have been there to assist. I will return to dealer. Over the past 2 years i have purchased 9 cars from Hendrick BMW & Hendrick Lexus. They all are great to work and deal with. Thanks again.
1	Very unprofessional was talking to the guy from service name Eric who told me all lies about my car order my part same day and I had to wait 2 weeks to receive my part and he told me that it would be in next day and had to call him to find out that my part was never ordered. I would never go there again to shop or to get service done on my car. poor unprofessionalism people. They act nice to you first but once they get your money here comes the unprofessionalism
5	Jake and Brian were great getting me into my new mommy vehicle! Took 20 hours lol j/k but it was worth it. Def recommend this place to others.
