4	Here's the dilemma: "Big and Tall" in most stores just means "fat."  This means that those of us who are just tall and not really obese have pretty limited options as to where we can shop for clothing.This store is in one of the less desirable areas of Charlotte, but it's also one of the few places in the city that one can find *truly* tall sizes of most articles of men's clothing.  I'm 6' 7", and while some places like Kohl's and Penney's have a selection of tall clothes, they often lack things like dress shirts and ties and even hats (tall people have big heads!  Don't laugh; I'd look ridiculous with a normal-sized head on top of my body).  The inside is a lot nicer than the outside; you can tell that the owner (who is a very friendly man) takes pride in his shop and has resisted the downturn of the Eastland area.  Service is excellent, and the salespeople make certain that what you buy actually fits you.  This is more important than it sounds:  I have walked out of Kohl's with shirts that seemed okay in the dressing room but turned into the three-quarter sleeves style on my rangy arms after the first washing.  Prices are a little high, but anyone who requires those elusive T and XT sizes will already be used to that.
5	I have to return to my review of Esquire and give them an additional star.  There's less of me since the time I bought my latest suit from them, so I took it back for alterations.  I was slightly worried, as such things don't always go well, but they did a fantastic job.  The suit looks better than ever!
4	Since David is tall, we are constantly seeking out places to find things that fit him well.  Many of the "off the shelf" clothes they stock here are not really David's style (most of what they have is either too "young & trendy" or too "old & conservative"), but he likes getting custom-made shirts, pants and suits here. The owners of the shop are really nice and very helpful. They will help with selection of fabrics and colors and taking your current measurements.  When your custom clothes arrive, they have in-house alterations to help make any last-minute adjustments necessary to ensure a perfect fit.  The shop is a little far away from where we live & work, but when David needs a new custom suit or shirt, it's worth the drive... and as a bonus, we can stop in for a bite to eat at the Eastway Drive Portofino's (which is located in the same shopping center).
3	This place closed back around the first of the year.  Very sorry to see them go.
