4	Very friendly as I entered. Shop totally dedicated to the RC hobby. Limited paint selection focusing on lexan.
5	I could not be more impressed with this shop. They are primarily dedicated to R/C stuff so don't expect to find your crochet needles and hemp necklaces here. I called looking for a battery for my DJI Phantom drone and they were so helpful and professional I have stopped ordering online parts and I now buy exclusively from them. They do great work (they were even building some professional drones for a movie studio when I was in there).
4	Called them looking for parts for my JATO 3.3 but they didn't have the parts I needed but they were nice enough to refer me to hobby town. Nice people to bad they didn't have my parts.---------------------------------------------------Updated 8-18-2014So I went in today just to see what they had.. They had my rims and tire combo for 21.99 which is cheaper than rc planet.com... They are really nice also and helpful, I'll be back for sure.
1	Hobby action employees are extremely disrespectful. They refuse to work with loyal customers. I bought three planes and came in to return an unused remote and they refuse to even exchange it. Avoid this hobby shop. Keep your hobby fun and interesting by avoiding this place. Terrible customer service. If you don't know anything hobby don't expect to learn it here. They don't want to explain it either. I heard one of the managers talking about their contracts for drones with different companies. They make their money off heli drones and if your there for anything else, they just don't care. Try hobby town USA or k&c hobby
1	Used to be my hobby store of choice.  I bought several RC cars and parts from them.  I have also referred people there to buy drones and RC cars.  I now cannot recommend Hobby Action.  Must be under a lot of pressure these days.  Customer service is now nonexistent and if you are a novice forget about it..  Yes, they have a lot of parts but their customer service is horrible.  Spoke to the owner about it today and his favorite word is policy and he was raising his voice at me.  Not customer friendly..  I walked out and will never be back.  Several other stores understand how to treat a loyal customer.
