1	So this review has two parts, one for the work that was done, and one for the customer service of this store. I called in on a Saturday to see if they replaced window screens (frankly because I had no time to do it myself and the larger hardware stores do not do them). Alas a store that did, however the gentleman who works on such tasks was not in that day. No problem, I dropped it off on Saturday anyway, received a call on Monday that it was ready. Great turn around time, and the work was great, the man who fixed it did a superb job (cash only and he calls with a price, it was about $20 for me which was perfect). So if I was rating the work, it would be a four star job, but that's not all folks.Anyway, I did not have the chance to pick this up Monday afternoon. So I decided to go in first thing Tuesday morning (their posted hours ONLINE are 8am-6pm M-W; 8-5:30 on Thursday, 8-6 on Friday, and 8-3 on Saturday). I pulled up and parked around 745 to notice the man who works the cash register smoking. I was early so I waited in my car until 8:07 - in an attempt to give them ample time to open up. Well when I walked to the store, the man was still out front smoking, and I asked "are you open now?" (loaded question as all of their posted hours state 8am), and he informed me, "not until 9am". Wait, what? You are out here smoking over an hour and fifteen minutes prior to the opening of your store. This can't be serious. Well he was, but who can actually wait another hour just to pick up a screen. Trip for nothing, and going to the Southside then back into Oakland for work is not fun.Needless to say this did not sit well. So anyway, I picked up the screen later that week, and luckily I chose to get them Thursday because I had about an hour of free time and didn't wait until Friday afternoon. When I went to pick up the screen and actually picked it up, I looked at their posted hours on their window, and low and behold they are 8am to 6pm M-H, and to 4pm on Friday.Get your store in order and I'm sure more people (read: "yuppie or hipster" who "might need light bulbs" etc.) would utilize this store.
3	Went here to get so vacuum and songs picture hooks. The  store is pretty bare bones but gsas most of what you need in a pinch. The used vacuums work well and are cheap. The guy working there is a grump, but who cares when you are only buying small stuff anyway. I'll go there again for a quick errand and to get keys cut.
5	In a pinch? Need some advice? These guys are always helpful. I've been living here for 2 years and I'm happy with everything they have helped me with. I hate going to major hardware stores! I must say that they do carry your basic tool and hardware needs, so if you need something specialized get it online or ask them to get it for you. I have had things that I mistakenly bought and they were happy to let me return it. I live in an older place in the ss and I feel like their store is geared to meet my needs. Just picked up some salvaged door hinge pins to rehang my old door. It worked perfectly!   I got all of my first herb garden gear here, the younger guy helped me with everything. And it has been a success!  These guys really are awesome, a bit behind technology wise but who needs that to pick up hardware? I really hope that they stay open for a very long time.  Without them my quick and easy home repairs will be a pain in the ass.   Keep it up guys!
4	I love that there are still independent storefront hardware stores and Vogt's is my store of choice. Sean has been great to order -- and cut -- things I need for a gardening project and the prices are competitive with the Big Box guys.  I will spend my money there for hardware as long as they carry it and carry on.
