2	So here we go again, dropped the son off at school, late, no time for me to eat a good breakfast, so I start craving a breakfast burrito.  My buddy tells me the other day that a new place opened up by Basha's, this is the 4th business to open in this same location and the second Mexican joint.  It's 0815 and there's no one inside the place, but the staff, this doesn't scare me away because most responsible folks are at work already, so I push on.  There are two dry erase boards with specials written on them, so i try to find the breakfast burritos in the array of typical Mexican food offerings.  The staff are busy setting up for the day and finally realize I'm there and they warmly welcome me to their shop.  A man, who I assume is the owner, because he is dressed rather nicely for someone who is slingin' burritos all day, says good morning and I start questioning him about all their breakfast burritos, ingredients and combos, he tells me they have, sausage, bacon and only beef chorizo (that's to bad because my wifey cannot eat beef), so I panic because there is no machaca, no pork chorizo for my wife and no ham.  The nice lady behind the Ipad they are using for a register asks me for my order, I ask if they are only making breakfast burritos and she crushes my heart, when she says yes, because I really wanted a carnitas burrito for later ;(.  I place my order to go(one bacon and one chorizo) I pay a little over $8.00 for them and the old Hispanic lady at the griddle gets busy making our burritos.  I ask the lady at the register if the chorizo is spicy and she says no, she's right it wasn't, but they have a full salsa bar so you can doctor your burrito to the level of spiciness you like.  By the time I'm done messing around with salsa and those little plastic cups and lids my food is ready!  Before I go I ask for a menu to take with me and the owner and nice lady assure me they have them, but after an extensive search they tell me they are OUT, that's not a good sign.  So  I head home with my food and now I am starting to worry that I'm still gonna be hungry, because these are not the typical Filiberto's sized burritos that I am used to paying $4-5 for.  I get home and the wife finds her bacon b.b. and I get my chorizo b.b. she has eggs, cheese and a few overcooked strips of bacon on top, takes a bite and adds some of the chunky (not pico) salsa to hers.  I open mine and it is soaked in red grease, like most typical b.b. tend to be and I am surprised at the child sized portion of both.  I try my burrito and it is okay, but it takes a healthy dose of salsa to make it better.  Then I decide to try the red, seed laden salsa, that I know will probably tear my stomach up later and it is HOT, limey and a little salty, I liked it!  Bottom line is I have been ruined by Filiberto's, Armando, and the list of great valley Mexican fast food joints goes on.  For the price I paid, I'm likely not to return anytime soon.  If  Cilantro's doesn't want to be added to the list of failed restaurants in this location they need to increase their portion sizes and get more variety.
5	We've been to Cilantro's twice now, trying different items on their menu each time, and both times they have been consistently very good!  On our first visit, we weren't expecting too much.  We just wanted to try out the new Mexican joint in Maricopa, thinking it would be kind of like a Chipotle; it turned out we were wrong.  They had many things on their menu, including tacos, enchiladas, burritos, nachos, breakfast items and tons of different meat and salsa choices.  Out of their meat choices, I really liked their carnitas - very tender and flavorful, without being all fatty and grisly - perfection!  My husband liked their carne asada a lot.  On our first visit, I ordered their burrito, adding fresh guacamole and sour cream for a dollar more.  It was huge and so yummy!  In no way can this burrito be compared to something you would get at a grocery store, that's just absurd.  It was gigantic, filled with beans, rice, your choice of meat, cheese, tomato, onion, cilantro, hot sauce and guacamole and/or sour cream if you want.  My husband ordered the carne asada tacos which came with mexican rice, pinto or refried beans and plenty of tortilla chips.  Not only was their food super tasty, but it was also authentically prepared and very reasonably priced.  Their salsa bar was one of the best around.  We couldn't get enough of their fresh pico de gallo and spicy red salsa.  Luckily, you can have as much as you want.  On our second visit, I got their nachos, which I loved, and after seeing how I devoured my burrito on our first visit, my husband decided he would try one as well.  Their food was authentic and fresh, and their employees seemed friendly and were generous with their proportions.  My husband and I are both half mexican, so we know decent mexican food, and this food was beyond decent!  On both of our visits, the place had many customers in it, so I hope this place continues to do well and makes it.  We will be coming back often to try more of their menu items.  This is definitely one of our new favorites!
4	Pretty good cheap Mexican Food in the Copa.  We got out of there with 3 big burritos and a chicken cheese crisp for under $20.  The carnitas were flavorful and not fatty tasting.  The steak was tender and also full of flavor. The red salsa is nice and smokey - not too hot.  The chicken was tender, but could use a little seasoning.   The fresh guaq was chunky and delish. I liked that the meats are up there in a case so you can see what you're getting - not some kind of mystery meat.   In addition to fountain coke, they have bottles of Mexican Coke (lets hear it for real sugar!). There is some inside seating - but it's a very casual order at the counter take out kinda place. We'll be back!
1	So i stopped by to support the local business, well everything went wrong. the staff seemed very confused like they didnt know how to help me, I ordered their nachos with chicken, everything about them were horrible, the chicken was greasy and the chips and cheese were like the kind you get at a gas station, overall really bad food for a restaurant thats supposed to be family owned. ill stick to tacos n more
1	Not even going to have a chance to try it.  I can understand having a small menu, but to not even offer ground beef tacos, rules out a lot of people.  No thanks.  You can keep your small menu, and I'll stick with Tacos n More.
4	I love this place!  My girlfriend and and I have been there at least 10 times.  The staff there is very nice and I periodically ask how business is doing.  The have no problem telling me the ups and downs.  The burritos are a very good size and I love the fact they have a self serve salsa bar.  The dining area is very modest and family friendly.  I'm anxious to try their breakfast burritos as I am a big fan of them.  I do wish they had hotter salsa (but that's a personal preference).  Lastly their meat portion is very generous.  Sometime I wonder if it's too much but realize once I eat I feel it's perfect!
5	I eat here about twice a week! I highly recommend the chicken fajita burrito, with the red salsa!Very friendly staff and the owners are nice as well
3	Cilantros is good honest food and quick too.  Nothing fancy but good carnitas, carne asada and chile verde with rice and beans in a tin to go.
3	There is no cilantro! Have a salsa bar with not much salsa and no chips. Prices are reasonable. Chicken is dry and food is bland.
4	The Salsa need more kicking flavor. I like the fried bowl:).If you missed Chipotle, this place can be an option. I suggested to add more spicy, lime, and cilantro or just little bit salt for the salsa, verde, etc.The price is very reasonable! Love it.
5	Fantastic flavoring, you can choose your own toppings and it is ll reasonably priced. They were also extremely friendly and efficient. We have been back twice since it opened! Welcome to Maricopa!
5	Carne asada burrito enchilada style was delicious!!!!
4	Love their breakfast burritos. Service has been good all but once. Decent prices, fresh ingredients.
2	Eh....what more can I say then that.  Very bland, tries to model themselves like chipotle but nothing like chipotle...not good, not good at all. We'd rather go to Taco's N More or just drive to Chandler and get Chipotle or drive to Ahwatukee for The Burrito Company.
3	This place takes from the concept of Qdoba.  The food is ok; not bad but not great.  I stop in occasionally If I want a burrito but am generally underwhelmed.
5	I prefer this place to Tacos N More because they are actually open when they say they are plus their food is OUTSTANDING. Try the Carne asada burrito, fully loaded.  Place is always super clean and super fresh ingredients.
4	Excellent green pork chile. Not very spicey. I added the Verde sauce to spice it up. Very Clean comfortable resturant. Nice people. Go here for lunch
4	$1.50 (ea)Taco Tues, great portions. Chili Verde Pork tacos stand out to me. Carne Asada, shredded beef and chicken also available. House chips are put in fryer when you place your main order. They time it perfectly so its fresh and salted perfectly every time I go there.
2	Small burritos...large tortillas....this place used we to be okay but now it just seems to have gone downhill... They  only have two choices for salsa then some peppers.  For $9.00 I can get so much more and much better food down the street...cost me 17$ for 2 burritos and 1 Fanta soda.
4	Decided to check out this spot. The whole family loved it. I had the California Burrito. Very good Carne Asada. The salsa was bomb. We will definitely hit this spot up again.
5	Fresh tortillas, good burritos, amazing nachos, good prices, welcoming and attentive staff. I love this place, I have ate here since they have first opened.
5	Great food the way you want it.   Love it... Very good company.....
1	We stopped in to buy food on the run, when we got home, found my hamburger meat was hard in the burrito. Looked like something from the day before, I will never go there again!   Get better and fresh food guys.
5	My wife and I have lived in Maricopa for a year now and finally trued cilantros. I had a sampler of steak and egg breakfast burrito with a fish taco, 5 rolled tacos (taquitos) cheese quesadilla a side of fries and topped it off with a piece of flan. Granted...I didn't eat all this food myself but we all sampled everything. I was not disappointed as I typically am in wanna be authentic Mexican fare.  The service was prompt...food was great in taste and authenticity as well as portion size. Overall a great experience and we will return again.  Way to go cilantros.
5	Best in Copa! So far everything I have eaten at this spot has been amazing. Great food and great customer service. Very friendly ownership and staff. My family and I will be regulars at Cilantro's.
3	Was passing through the Copa on the way to San Diego and it was right about here that I wanted to eat something. ANYTHING, really. I quickly turned into a mall and drove around and Cilantro's was the first thing I saw that served food and had a sign that said OPEN. There was already a good sized crowd even though it was just after 11. I had a carnitas burrito with hot sauce. The hot sauce didn't register anywhere on the Richter scale (or was it Scoville??) so I grabbed a few of the roasted jalapenos they had in the salsa area and alternating bites between burrito and jalapenos did the trick. Now we were cooking with fire. Or eating with it rather. It was just enough to wake me up for a bit. Pretty standard Mexican joint. It hit the spot when I needed something to eat and that's all that matters. Plenty of parking as it's in a mall. Service is counter service - they make it right there in front of you. Will probably be back if I'm passing through town while hungry again.
4	For a quick Togo Mexican place this place is great. The food is authentic the staff is friendly the salsas are homemade and are great !!
3	Had the carne asada burrito. Carne asada was too dry and lacked flavor. Green salsa was excellent. The tortilla was slightly stale. Ate it all. Better as leftovers.
2	I had never been here before, but I had a buy one get one free coupon, so I figured I would check it out. The first thing that threw me off was the fine print on the coupon. It said buy one get one free, not to exceed $6. And most things on the menu are between 7and 10. So really, the coupon was a load and I was immediately irritated by that. We went around 1 in the afternoon and ordered the beef tacos plate and a burrito. The burrito was delicious, stuffed full and super tasty, made to order. The tacos were horrible. The ground beef was burnt and so greasy that the bottom of the tacos were soggy and falling apart by the time we got to the table, less than 5 minutes after being made. The service was okay for a to go place, friendly enough to get the job done, but not overly happy to help. Overall, I would probably go back for a burrito, if I had another coupon. But their prices and service, along with the bad first experience would not bring me back without a coupon.
4	We love Cilantro's. The best burritos, where they mix all ingredients rather than other places like Tacos' N More where you bite into a mouth full of sour cream. Love that you can watch them put your food together. Their fresh fried chips are good, just need SALT! Guac is okay, salsa bar is a good variety. Love their carne asada bowls and burritos!
5	Verdict... delicious!I get to pick what gets put in. Just the way I like it. Price range, same as your standard taco joint in every corner of San Diego CA. Hours, 10pm the latest. Man, everyone sleeps early in Maricopa.This shop, prices fair. For the amount and taste, you can virtually create any kind of combination there is without breaking a hole in your pocket. All they need now  is a seafood option, and they'll be complete.The staff are friendly, just not outgoing unless you initiate the conversation. But then again, there are those who might say "I am not here to talk, just here to eat". For me on the other hand, I wouldn't mind having the staff  be a bit more outgoing.In the end, I love this taco shop. It's small and homey. A great place away from home. I missed San Diego even since I moved to AZ, but this taco joint makes their food just like the taco shops in CA, and that to me is... As good as it gets!Thanks Cilantro's. You helped me with my homesickness.
3	The food is okay, nothing spectacular. The price is a little high for what you get. The service was pretty good. I would go back but wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Taco Tuesday!  And if it's not Tuesday,  get the nachos.  Huge portion and delicious to eat while watching football.   Carne Asada fries are good, too.
