4	The ideal spot to grab a meal's worth of vegetables.PRICE: Inexpensive.SERVICE: Not unhelpful.QUALITY: Pretty standard for a greengrocer.CHOICE: Plenty. Fruit and vegetables outside, and plenty more inside. Argyll Place is probably one of my favourite shopping streets in Edinburgh. Odd, I know, but it contains three of my most frequented shops: the Bike Works, Al Haj's and Nadia's Fruit and Vegetables.This place is smaller than its next door neighbour, but has a much wider vegetables selection at a much lower price. It is perfect (indeed, this is what I do nine out of ten times) for nipping to on the bike, grabbing a few different vegetables and then heading back to cook dinner, having spent perhaps a quid without the prospect of vegetables then going to waste at the bottom of the fridge. It is open until an ideal time too: 8pm everyday (usually), and this of course means that even a late night dinner can be created using vegetables from here. Their wide selection caters for most, if not all, meal types, and are never in too bad shape. Of course, unlike supermarkets, fruit from here tends to be ripe and ready to eat... Overall a winner then? Definitely. Though not as smart as its next door neighbour, Nadia's is the perfect greengrocers.
4	You can't beat Argyll Place for fruit and veg shops.  Walking up this small street, it's impossible to ignore the profusion of colourful goods arrayed on the pavement, and I swear you won't find cheaper produce anywhere else in the city.My favourite of these shops is Nadia's, although until recently I didn't even know its name - I just knew it as "the one nearest the top," or "the one that has the discount bucket."  It's not especially different from the other two or three, but I like it because I got to know the staff a little here, who are always impeccably polite, and because they always have such a good range of decent quality produce, from basics such as onions and potatoes to more exotic seasonal offerings such as fresh figs or mangoes.Like anywhere that sells loose produce, it's important to look over what you buy and pick out the best/ripest/firmest of whatever it is you're buying, but in general nothing here is in dodgy condition, and, if you live in the area, it's a great place to pick up ingredients for dinner on your way home.
5	After my liver had packed its bag and was standing by the front door, threatening to leave forever, after the torrent of abuse I had subjected it too during December, I knew the only way to appease it would be with an injection of vitamins and fresh food. Not vitamins in a pill, but good, fresh fruit and vegetables.Fed up of overpriced and understocked supermarkets nearby, I thought I'd take a wander in my local area and there, like a lighthouse amongst the grey, January Edinburgh streets, stood Nadia's in all its fruity, colourful glory.Am I being slightly too verbose and lavish about a fresh fruit and veg shop? Judge that for yourself once you've been. Whilst I am all about being 'green', 'local' and 'healthy', I usually am disappointed with local greengrocers. Yes, the fruit and veg might be organic but it goes off in a day, half a punnet of strawberries are already mouldy, the veg just looks a bit odd.Not at Nadia's. Each basket was brimming with fresh fruit and vegetables that looked both freshly grown (ie: different sizes, shapes, colours, not the perfect generic type you'd get in Waitrose) but it was also very good quality. No bruises, bugs or dirt.It's also really quite big inside and has every type of fruit or vegetable you'd need. My mashed sweet potatoes, and plum, nectarine and passionfruit salad last night were both simply delicious. For now my liver has agreed to stay. A happy ending all round.If you live in the Marchmont area, get your meat and other necessities at the supermarket but save your fruit and veg for here. You can thank me later.
4	Fresh veg and inexpensive with some hard to find items. This is one of my day to day places to pick up vegetables. Service is functional and the place is well kept. Not sure what else to say on this as it is a veg shop other than thumbs up from me.Tip: They have reduced items in bags outside which is normally 8 - 10 peppers for 79 pence or on occassion bags for 49 pence of items that need used that day. If you are making soup or similiar that day its ideal.
5	The best fruit and veg shop in Edinburgh! Great selection of exotic fruits, value for money and friendly staff! Definitely the best fruit and veg shop in Marchmont! Much better quality than supermarkets at a great price. Highly recommend!
