5	This is the only place that my mamma has gotten her coffee for as long as I can remember, and it's so good she even takes it with her on vacation.  They have at least 20 different choices to choose from (it might be more like 35), they will grind it for you, and they have frequent buyer cards.  This cozy little place smells amazing, and is the perfect place to get away from neighborhood moms and the kids they let run all over caribou/ starbucks.  They have good cappucino and poundcake, too.
5	I have become an official coffee snob after working as a barrista for over two years, and this place has everything that a coffee shop fanatic like myself could want.  They have an ample variety of locally roasted coffee, and manuel barrista (try finding on of those at a Starbucks), and great bakery options.  They even have free wireless internet access.  It's cafinated paradise.
3	The coffee's good but not much to eat.  I guess that's why they're located in Harris Teeter's parking lot.
5	I have found a replacement for my favorite college coffee shop.  The caramel macchiato here is a fitting replacement for my beloved T-spoons in Iowa City.  And boy was I relieved.  I was beginning to think no one could get it right and I was doomed to an eternity of sub par lattes.  Well that's enough with the dramatics, but it really is a very nice place.  The staff are friendly, and the service is fast.  Plus that lovely coffee smell that permeates everything.
4	The Matthews Dilworth Coffee often is my "office" when I'm running around town looking for a Wireless friendly spot to do freelance work. It's not too crowded, and the staff leaves you alone when you're parking there for a couple of hours...which is all I ask in a coffee shop to earn my love. While I land most often at the Matthews spot, I've also been to the East Blvd. location. Both offer a good selection of coffees and teas.They don't have tons of food, but they do have a good enough selection to make a lunch there. I like their Bougie version of the Pimento Cheese sandwich, and their pastries are impressively cream-cheesey.
4	Lately we've been enjoying nice fall afternoons by sitting outside at Dilworth Coffee. The view of the Harris Teeter parking lot isn't the most breathtaking view in Charlotte, but it'll do. Inside the coffee shop is small, but warm and friendly. They make a good chai latte and white chocolate mocha. The free wireless makes this an especially good hangout.
4	Stopped by Dilworth Coffee House during a Teeter/Blockbuster combo trip one Sunday night recently and was pleasantly surprised. First of all, free wireless is always nice, especially when it comes from a quieter, less corporate place like Starbuck's. Always a plus. The place itself is, to use the parlance of my girlfriend, super cute. It's quaint and homey, which is just how I like my coffee houses. There's artwork, comfy chairs and couches; it feels like home, which isn't that common in coffee places around here. And their selection was great: lots of interesting drinks on top of all the normal ones. I had a mocha latte, and it was delicious, and not too expensive. Definitely stop on by when you're inevitably at the Teeter. Ignore the calling to Starbuck's a few blocks over...
4	Welcomed by the aroma of coffee and greeted by the barista, this coffee shop is a great place get work done! They offer free wi-fi and multiple outlets.It's a small space and can be difficult to spread out, but it creates an environment that is cozy and comfortable. The barista made a delicious iced chai latte and the coffee was very good.Like other reviewers stated, they do not offer much in snacks or food. However, they are conveniently located by other restaurants. After eating at a nearby place, I returned to find they offered a select variety of sandwiches (there's just not good advertising for them until you get to the register).If you want to be productive, hook up to free wi-fi, or have a long chat with a friend, Dilworth Coffee provides a good atmosphere to do so.
3	I go to Dilworth Coffee as it is very close to my house and I can get in and get out without having to wait very long.  It serves that purpose.I get a simple drip coffee, usually the Morehead blend, and it is often luke warm coming from the air pump dispensers.  I've even been known to microwave it when I get to work 15 minutes later.  The staff is hit and miss.  One of the guys who often works by himself is great.  If you go and are lucky to get him, you'll get the attention you need.  I get the impression he may be a manager type.  I would like to say I go for the atmosphere and great coffee but in all honesty, it is convenient
5	I've been a customer of Dilworth Coffee House since I was, oh I don't know, six!  I used to live on Kenilworth back when there were REAL homes rather then mega-plexes.  My mom and I would walk up there every Friday night to meet with our crew.  All us under-agers would get the most delicious hot chocolate of our lives.  I continue to frequent this treasure of a coffee house with the fantasy of my childhood still lingering in it's walls, chairs and tables.  Delicious coffee, so fresh they purchase it for bookstores in Blowing Rock (Black Bear Books).   Revered in Charlotte and obviously beyond.
4	Oh Dilworth Coffee House, please, please don't judge me. I've cheated on you with the Starbucks down the street a time or two and I'm truly, truly sorry. I can't promise I won't stroll over to the green awning giant again, but I can promise that I'll visit you more often. Dilworth Coffee House encompass all the wonderful things of a local coffee shop. The coffee itself is super tasty. The shop offers its patrons a nice variety of self-serve, extra large thermoses and plenty of add-in options. Think skim milk, soy milk, simple syrup, all kinds of sugar and half and half. Oh - and these are free of charge.The coffee prices are certainly less than chains overall and I'm almost certain that Dilworth Coffee offers refills for $.75 each for the first refill and free thereafter. While there isn't much available here in the snack department, they do play to their strengths by providing an awesome supply of whole bean coffee. Nice!The staff here are very friendly and definitely put tons 'o love into their coffee creations. The place itself is very kitschy, cozy and inviting, with a small array of tables of varying sizes and free WiFi. You can't get that at the 'Bucks. Echoing Faith D.'s sentiments, though, this location is certainly cozy (read: small) so don't expect to layout a world map and pretend to play Christopher Columbus as there just isn't the space. If you're a coffee fan or just someone from the neighborhood looking for a nice place with free WiFi check out Dilworth Coffee House. I'm betting you'll indulge in a cup or two while you're there.
3	I'm sitting in Dilworth Coffee, located in a strip mall area off of East in Charlotte, writing this Yelp review - I just heard a customer comment to the employees on the way out that this was "definitely the best coffee place around."  I dunno about that one really... but it isn't bad.  3 stars SOLELY for the quantity and quality of the beans that they have for sale here.First things first. Dilworth has a Starbucks vibe to it... for me that is a negative... even with Steely Dan playing in the background.  What you have with Dilworth Coffee is an upgraded version of Starbucks, the only appreciable difference being that the beans are of good quality. ($6.99 for a half pound, to about $12.99 for a full pound).Coffee culture has progressed beyond whatever Dilworth is.  I think the people that regularly frequent this place should be introduced to third wave coffee shops.  Self-serve dispensers for coffee is not "drip coffee" - it is crap, really.  Go to SF and visit Blue Bottle to see what I mean.  Drip coffee is prepared one cup at a time, with water poured over freshly ground beans and then served immediately.  Dilworth, where is the french press? No turkish?  What do you serve besides sickly sweet drinks and self-dispensed coffee? What's the point of fussing over the beans when you do not fuss over how you use them?I am disappointed.  Reading the Yelp reviews made this place sound elite... and it's not.  It is a strip mall coffee shop in an affluent section of Charlotte.  Staff, I will say, is very friendly and are a credit to the business, at least from my experience today.  I think Dilworth should reevaluate what it is that they are doing and look for improvements.
4	I'm a total coffee snob. I'm spoiled by having a Starbucks in my building at work and they are my go to when I need a cup of java. That being said, it may not be true for too long all because of Dilworth Coffee. Their East Blvd is a charming location with friendly and knowledgeable employees along with indoor and outdoor seating. I get their Butterscotch Toffee drip coffee anytime I go and it's nice to have a smooth, robust coffee without the burnt taste that the Bucks can sometimes have. However, recently I've been addicted to their Iced vanilla lattes, I have to stop myself from slurping it down in three sips---it's so much better than the Bucks. You can go to their website and sign up for special promotions, coupons and such!
4	I appreciate so much about Dilworth Coffee.  I love that they roast their own beans; I love their selection of beans; I love that my husband likes their beans.  I love their East Blvd (original) location, with its dark wood interiors and heavy wood tables and benches, the ratty board games that have been there for years and years, and the healthy selection of fliers papering the windows.  I love their WiFi.  I love that they're stolidly local and seem to have a pretty good business model, opening new locations across town.What I love most, however, is that they carry a decent selection of loose leaf teas and know how to brew them.  They set a timer.  If they overbrew, they re-do it.  After two years of Starbucks-style tea ("You want what?"), it's wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.The only reason I don't give Dilworth Coffee five stars is because it's not CupAJoe in Raleigh.  A star off for nostalgia.
4	I'm having an affair with Dilworth coffee. My wife asks where I'm going...I usually say "Dilworth Coffee". It's quiet, small and not too loud. Great background music going on, and oh yeah, the coffee is really tasty. Small little gifts; about 40 different coffee's to buy in the bean stage. A quiet afternoon, a coffee and my laptop or iPhone makes Dilworth coffee a 2nd home.
4	I'm an addict...there are many things that I love including  food, dirty martini's, my family, my dogs, my boyfriend but I could not survive one day without my coffee.  I probably spend more money on coffee in a year then a smoker spends on cigarettes.  When you find that coffee shop that makes you feel at home...that always makes the perfect cup of coffee...and is happy to make your coffee any ridiculous way you order it...half syrup...half caf....tbsp skim...etc. Ps. I don't actually ever order my coffee like that but I do see other customers do and Dilworth is happy to accomodate.I have recently had cravings for their vanilla chai...it is so good and creamy the mix they use is the best I've ever had.  What also makes this place rock is its fast... if your in a rush just grab a cup of joe pour yourself some coffee (their coffee is in front of the counter) and if there is a line and you have exact change leave it on the counter and you will not be late for work...I will make the extra drive to Dilworth even though I might have to pass a starbucks on the way.
4	I'm big fan of any local cofffee shops (any non-starbucks). Owner  is super cool, very friendly and have good knowledge of how each coffee tastes. I tried caramel macchiato (loved it), mocha latte (liked it), caramel cappuccino (was ok) in my three days stay in Charlotte.Will definitely recommend this place to all the coffee lovers who want to try variety coffee flavors.
4	Yep. This is a coffee shop. Over three dozen different beans on the wall in a serve yourself, weigh it and pay it style. This is a popular place on a Sunday morning, with from what I can tell, quite a few locals. My latte was served up perfect, hoT! I too often get a warm latte and regret not ordering it extra hot. This one was great. Free wifi, comfy chairs by the window = hours disappear!
4	I'm back in town for a two day trip and had Cappucino latte, Mocha latte. I loved both. My friends in Charlotte thanked me for showing this place. They have now become regulars here. It's very uncommon that the locals do not know about good local places.
4	Best coffee in Charlotte by far, excellent beans and fantastic espresso based coffee selection. Friendly, skilled baristas are a credit to the place. Food offering could be improved a bit and the option to have proper coffee cups would be better for customers and environment alike.
4	Delicious. Quiet. Inexpensive. Fast. Easy. Friendly. Clean. A definite keeper!!  It's worth altering your morning commute to make a stop in here.  Check it out.
5	This is a great place to bring your laptop or book and chill out for a couple hours. The baristas are friendly and usually have good music playing softly in the background. They always have a good selection of regular coffees along with charts explaining the difference between all of them. The local Morehead Estate blend seems to be rather popular and is either fresh and almost empty.They have a nice selection of specialty drink and cold pressed coffee for those hot days. The strawberry smoothie can be vegan if soy milk is used and I believe this goes for all the other smoothies are but you should ask just to make sure.Be advised this place and gets rather busy around late lunch. The line still moves fast but you might have trouble getting a seat if your trying to go there to chill out. What is extra nice is this place is right next door to Berrybrook Farms an great little health food shop with a nice lunch menu.
4	Entering this place brings me back up north. The familiarity is quite the comfort.A wall of coffee beans, a fantastic aroma in the air, low lighting, never crowded, (usually) decent music and pretty good cold pressed iced coffee. How can you go wrong?Coffee shops tend to be my home away from home and here is my second favorite place to get a cuppa joe in the Queen City.The one thing I still don't recommend here (or so far anywhere in the QC) is picking up bulk coffee for home. Dilworth Coffee's roasted beans are like cinnamon buns-- they smell FANTASTIC but then when it actually hits your taste buds, you wonder why you even bothered. If you're gonna back NY/New England price for fresh roasted coffee, I'd mind as well just ship some down for the original place.
4	This is the first review I've written as I've actually sat back and experienced a business. (Yes, I'm one of those pretentious people who sometimes goes into a coffee shop with laptop in hand. You may now begin judging me.) First off, let's get the beverage out of the way. I went with a specialty drink (a latte) as I'm not a coffee drinker; it was tasted good and well-priced. But let's be honest--unless you go to Dunkin' Donuts, it's kinda hard to mess up espresso drinks. For those who drink straight up coffee, there's a variety of beans aligning the walls that you can take home to roast yourselves.The ambiance of the place was really what I loved though. Finally, a coffee shop that actually plays rock (RHCP, Guns N' Roses, etc) and not boring jazz music! Another plus is that it's really clean (rest rooms included) and the atmosphere is quite relaxed (at least it is mid-afternoon on a Tuesday.) But I can't yet speak to how much competition you might have getting a table on the weekend. I wouldn't have minded, however, if the place was a bit brighter. I can see it feeling a bit "blah" here on a winter day.Oh, and finally--which you can of course judge from my review--another good thing about Dilworth Coffee is that there's free Wi-Fi. But then what coffee shop doesn't have that nowadays?
4	If you are going to go to a Dilworth Coffee this is the one to go to. Has a good cofffee house feel with a fun staff and are very knowledgeable as well. They actually gave me an Americano since it was going to be a bit for the dark roast.Definitely,a good place to go especially when you are living a good distance from the N.O.D.A. area. Hopefully, the Dilworth area keeps going here and not the Starbucks down the block. I'll be driving the extra three miles or so for a coffee here from now on, on my days off.
4	Great coffee shop! I wish there was more seating.
5	Rather than stuff my quota of *$, I opted to hang out here for a bit and it was the right choice. A plethora of comfy seats all with power outlets nearby. A speedy wi-fi, which was very needed for seven people all nursing cups of coffee while surfing the Internet.As for the brew, wow! That's some excellent coffee! Possibly one of the best cups I've had since returning to the US. Rich, smooth, tasty!Overhead tunes from one of the local radio stations blocked out the clicking of keyboards and the hum of the cooler, interrupted every so often by the bell on the door.
4	This Coffee Shop smells so good and is a kinda cool spot for Hot Coffee.  The Coffee was better than most of the places. I believe this place and the Coffee have potential!  The place has potential because it has a comfortable, laid-back feel.  The Coffee has potential because the drink I had was pretty good and I think it can be better if I could figure out how to order!
4	Super yummy chai tea which you can get sugar freeeee WHAT WHAT! The owner, Mona, is equally sweet.Parking is a disaster around lunch-time. Not a bad reflection on dilworth coffee, the area is good for a park-down-the-street-and-walk. Overall, I was tickled by my experience
4	Great coffee and atmosphere. Its been a while I had a good iced coffee and I stopped in here the other day and thought to myself, "why don't I bring my mac and work here". Really cute, cozy little place a some outdoor sidewalk seating too.Def going to hit up again!
4	Good, good coffee. I approve.
2	Minus 1 star:Maybe I got unlucky but my first try was a flop. I'll start by saying I should probably be shot for greed because my coffee budget is obscene. So I know what I'm saying when I say the mint mocha breve I got was made wrong. It was the seriously sweeter than the banana pudding milkshake from Chic Fil-A I had yesterday.Minus 2 star:I rarely complain about a drink but I did tell the lovely gal who made it that it was too sweet. She didn't seem happy and I'm non-confrontational so I asked if I could get some coffee to mix it with. She said no then thought about it and said I could just pay for a coffee refill.Now I'm sitting here with $7 of drink (I tipped before I got the drink) and it's still far too sweet.Owell.. know for next time right?Don't judge Dilworth Coffee by this location though!!! I've been to other ones around Charlotte and they are excellent. The one on Matthews-Mint Hill Road is amazing!
4	This is a nice, small coffee shop tucked away in a strip mall shopping area. There are a variety of seating options, including a nice big table for groups. And they have a decent selection of non-coffee items, which is always a huge plus for me.
4	I made my first pit stop to Dilworth Coffee this morning for a pre-work meeting. The place has a nice, quiet atmosphere and great coffee. This is a GREAT coffee shop for the lactose intolerant, I was pleased beyond belief that they offered almond milk as an alternative to soy and dairy. I ordered the Mocha Latte & loved every last drop of it. I'll be frequenting Dilworth Coffee more often, it's a great local coffee shop!
5	I am a true coffee lover. I could probably be my own barista... but, when pressed for time and totally willing to spend a few dollars on a nice caffeinated beverage, I have to go to Dilworth Coffee. Why wait in long lines, risk your car being towed, and pay for a 3rd shot in a large espresso beverage when you can get easy parking, super friendly service, and amazing drinks right across the street at this local coffee shop? This spot is beloved by my whole family... My 7 year old would like to give Dilworth Coffee a shout-out for having Almond Milk available for their kid's hot chocolate!!! For a girl who can't drink dairy or soy, this place is her oasis... Shop local and enjoy some great coffee! If you haven't been to Dilworth Coffee, you are missing out.
4	Dilworth Coffee is a great spot (pre and post renovation) for working, meeting and catching up over your favorite hot or cold beverage. While I am not a coffee drinker,  I love the set up of coffee along the wall. I love tea and they have a great selection (give the yogurt/mango) for any tea lover. Plus, they can make tea hot or cold. This place is cozy and is becoming increasingly popular so you may or may not be able to get a seat during peak times.
4	I've only swung in here a couple of times, but they have an awesome flavors and varieties of whole bean coffee that you can buy for a slightly steep price. I don't mind paying though, since it's a local joint, and they throw in a free cup of coffee when you buy a bag of beans, so skip the coffee at the Harris Teeter and swing in here instead!
4	Ahh to see Dilworth Coffee still standing in this space is a healthy dose of the days of yore. Well, maybe circa 2-3 years ago. I used to be a frequent customer of many Dilworth locations around town and I'm happy to live in close proximity to this location. This was a fortuitous location for my previous years' work and I would spend many hours crunching out tasks sitting at the bar. It's nice to see that this location has received a nice facelift on the interior and, boy, does it look nice. Not nearly as cluttered, updated furniture, open, and easier access to power outlets. I see many a workday happening here yet again!I picked up a pound of coffee this week and was a little shocked by the price. I buy an unground lb of Papua New Guinea from a few other places in town for easily $5 cheaper. It's not a huge deal, nor is it a dealbreaker, but just a little shocking. The lady at the counter told me that ownership of the shop had recently changed and updated some pricing. Their coffee lineup and selection is rather clean and easy to choose from, too. They use a roaster based out of Raleigh now. Can't remember the name...Also, great cold press iced coffee. They actually use an espresso blend that is really smooth for their cold press. Big fan.
4	What makes this place is the people.I've used Dilworth Coffee as my personal office for 3 years and it is very simply a nice place to be. Great coffee, better service. Great place to regular.
5	Five stars All. The. Way. Every single time I walk through the door I'm greeted by upbeat and personable baristas who always greet me with a hello or how are you. Each staff member I've come in contact with always makes me feel welcomed and that my order is the most important at that moment. Not only do I love to frequent this shop for its great customer service, but the coffee is just as wonderful! Especially the iced coffee. The recipe is amazing. Keep up the great work everyone! You are a true Dilworth treasure!
4	The perfect neighborhood coffee-shop!I much prefer coffee shops like this to the Starbucks types.  Not only does it have it's own character, it has personality.  It doesn't feel like they are just churning out coffee and clients, it's a great place to get a cup and relax.  I went to get a few pounds of coffee for my desk at work.  I highly recommend the Snickerdoodle.  So fresh and it smells fantastic.  I use a french press at work and oh, the smell.  So yummy.A+ service as well.  The girls working when I visited this week were full of smiles and cheer.  Love it.
3	Coffee in a paper cup, and from a pump pot You have got to be joking!. Espresso pretty average, limited seating, dreadful scones.But has a great range of coffee beans.
3	Been here twice to do work on my laptop. Small but adequate space with lovely wood tables and terribly stiff chairs. Baristas also nice, but I don't order speciality drinks -- just coffee or tea, so I wouldn't know about their more fun offerings. That said, this second time, after saying I was trying to avoid sugar but still enjoy a little flavor, I was advised to try the sugar-free syrups. BLECH. I took a few sips and had her dump it. I ended up paying another $2.50 or so for tea. It felt like I just paid $6 for a small loose leaf tea. This leaves an even worse taste in my mouth than the Torino.
4	Seems like a great spot with a very upbeat and friendly staff. My exposure to the drink selection is limited, but I had a vanilla latte that was delicious - much better than the generic product you'd find at a chain coffee shop like Starbucks. I went to do some work and found it a nice atmosphere for that, although staring out at the parking lot from my seat wasn't optimal. My only significant complaint is that it's a bit small, and when I arrived I had to ask someone if they would switch seats so that I could work at the same table as a friend of mine. All around a great spot for casual reading/meeting someone but maybe not the absolute best place for hunkering down to work.
4	I m  fan, but it is some $$$ for a standard drip coffee.They have a good coffee selection and lots of brews to try.  I normally run in and get a coffee to go. I really like the Guatemalan roast, when they have it.The staff however is pretty abrasive, and never very welcoming that I am coming in and ordering a standard coffee (which should the easiest order for them to fulfill, ie: give me a cup).  I am not sure if they think its good to have the jade-barisita vibe.    They are lucky the coffee is good or else I would have written this place off along time alongTLDR:  Good coffee , but abrasive staff
4	What a great local spot that offers a good cup of coffee. Upon arrival, there were a few patrons enjoying coffee with friends or working on the Internet. I ordered my coffee to go, to get back to work, and was very happy with the service and quality of my coffee. Support your local coffee shops, they are great!
5	Sad to be leaving Charlotte...especially when I've finally found a jewel of a neighborhood coffee shop such as this in a city full of Starbucks and (less so now) Caribou.Came in and ordered the moose mocha - everything about it was great. Rich tasting coffee with great caramel flavor. Very warm and inviting interior as well. Will definitely be back.
4	We stopped in to Dillworth because Starbucks had just about zero seating left. I always prefer to give my bonus to a local company anyway so we thought we would give this a try instead. Service was extremely friendly and they were very happy to recommend their favorites ( I had the Creme Brulee and it did not dissapoint)! It was just the right mix of sweet without feeling like I needed a tall glass of water to follow. I was a little bummed because I did not realize they offer $1 coffee after 5pm , and I wasn't told about it till my friend ordered the coffee...oh well, next time. Pricing is pretty much what you expect for a coffee house - my small creme brulee was $3 and change ... they also offered a (small) selection of treats, granola bars I believe. I can see why people don't camp out here and that's because they close a little early for the late-night or even early-night study/work crowd- 7PM to be exact (6 on Sundays). I wonder how much business they are losing out on because  the Starbucks in the area is insanely crowded and parking is way easier here. Overall I'd definitely return but only if I was taking my coffee to-go or was planning on being there during the day.
4	Great alternative to Starbucks. I like the seating and the location. Usually less busy than the Starbucks across the way too. Coffee is good and strong.
5	I'm addicted to their beans. They are a bit pricey, but totally worth it. I even gave their beans as a Xmas gift!
5	Great locally owned cafe with quality coffee! Cozy atmosphere and a few outdoor tables to enjoy some nice Carolina weather.
5	This is definitely my favorite coffee shop in Charlotte. My drink is The Don and it is perfection. The place is pretty small so the seats go quickly and it can get noisy so bring your headphones if you came to do work.
4	Really friendly staff, great coffee (1 free refill if you stay in the store and enjoy). The seating is a little limited but they make the most with the space available. Great place to get some work done, have a coffee date, or just relax with a book. The location is perfect too.   The Harris Teeter next door offers ample parking, witch can often be a problem in the Dilworth area.
4	I came here the other day to meet a friend and I loved it here! The inside is small but still comfortable. We opted to sit outside so they came out and unlocked the chairs for us. I had a caramel iced latte with soy milk and it was delicious. This was the best iced latte I have had since being in Charlotte. If you're in the area you def. need to go by here.
5	I stopped in here briefly on my way home yesterday.  I got my coffee to go, but loved the friendly vibe I got while I was in here. The staff was quick and helpful, and the coffee was strong.  There is a little bit of seating inside, and a select number of tables outside.  It's a small space - but they seem to make the best of it.  I'd love to stop in here sometime and just hang out.  There were a few people reading or on their computers.  And they have a huge community board posting local events.  Yay for strong coffee, and going local :)
3	Coffee is okExpensive for self service and very little sit down space. I can not really hang out here and only get coffee to go. Honestly, I am just as happy with Shell coffee for $1 as with this place
5	Great locally owned coffee spot in the middle of Dilworth.  I've purchased both the espresso drinks and the beans and I've been happy with everything.  Good selection of organic beans.  If you are needing a special treat and don't mind extra calories, I would recommend The Don with half and half.  A shot of espresso in a 12 oz cup with half and half.  Decadence in a cup.
5	Literally just left about an hour ago and when I got on my computer the yelp page for them was still up and I said oh hell yes I'll write them a review!!! I ordered a decaf vanilla latte, which is actually harder to get than you think as a lot of places don't carry decaf espresso, so we were already off to a good start. When making my drink the employee realized they were out of vanilla and quickly came over and let me know and asked if I would like sugar free vanilla and if not I could pick any flavor I wanted. Viola! My latte was great! Having been a barista I am one of those people, yes the annoying ones, that knows if its stale or if the milks been burned but good news for Dilworth Coffee there was absolutely nothing stale about this visit!
4	Always fabulous coffee!! Most of the time I am forced to take it to go because there is not a lot of seating
2	Just left Dilworth Espresso (which was once Dilworth Coffee :( ) completely disappointed. I ordered a drip coffee at 6:45. The manager, George, reminded me that the store was about to close....ok? Why are you telling me that? After waiting a few minutes for coffee, the really nice barista handed me my coffee. I walked out, took a sip and realized that I had just paid $4 for dirty water. I walked back in and told the manager, George, what the problem was, expecting him to say something like, "Oh, I am so sorry! Let me either a. Give you a refund or b. make you a fresh cup." Apparently, neither of which he could do. "Sorry, I can't give you a refund. I already closed the cash box." and "Sorry I can't make a fresh cup, It will take too long, but I can make you an espresso." Uhhhh, no I don't want an espresso.... I walked in asked the girl barista for a fresh cup (who agreed with me that it looked like dirty water) and she had NO problem making me a fresh cup. She was so sweet. Luckily, the owner happened to walk in as I was waiting and when I told him the problem he IMMEDIATELY offered a refund, which I rejected. I don't want a refund, I just wanted a cup of coffee, which eventually I got. So fire that guy, George, before all your customers go running to Starbucks.The only reason I give 2 stars instead of 1 is because the owner and the girl behind the counter were very pleasant.
3	Well after giving up on Starbucks, I decided to support the local shop! I was then disappointed to find out they don't brew decaf all day either and I again have to wait for a pour over. Is it really that big of an issue to brew decaf all day!? Coffee has the largest cost/profit margin, I am sure they can  afford to keep brewed decaf all day. I believe decaf used to be brewed all day. I love this little coffee shop, but am extremely disappointed. I don't have the option to drink the full amount of caffeine because if I did this wouldn't be an issue.
4	I love to support local and small whenever I can. This cute little shop nestled in a strip mall is the anti Starbucks. The younger man at the counter was so patient with us while we were making our choices and even brought our drinks to our seats. Quiet subdued music so you can actually have a conversation and relax. They had very limited seating but we were lucky enough to snag 2 very comfy over sized arm chairs by the door. Their selection of baked goods was very meager so that's why im giving it 4 not 5 stars.
1	Dilworth Espresso is sadly not Dilworth Coffee. The new confusing menu (full of clipart and does not read well) has replaced a very cute and clearly marked blackboard. The new cash register area has replaced seating and if there are more than 2 people in line, pushes the 3rd out of the door or onto one of the few tables that remain. The staff seems as though it has doubled, but there seems to be a lot of confusion between all of the employees. And it took such a long time to get my drink. So disappointed.. maybe these new reviews will help them make useful changes
4	Great coffee at reasonable prices, wish they had more options for food but a great neighborhood coffee spot. Nice staff, and clean ambience.
