3	Relatively new to Las Vegas, not new to the rest of the west coast, The Pharmacy has a wide variety of sporting brands, my favorite being RVCA because they suppport young, up and coming artists. They also have a pretty good flux of apparel and goods going on sale. Its a cool little shop where you just wanna go and shoot the shit with the employees, who are all skaters themselves, all day long.* off the strip, non-casino
1	rude staff they we're more concerned with hanging out with friends then helping customers.
4	As far as small local skate shops go, Pharmacy is really all we have.  They have some cool stuff on the discount rack all the time, but some of their stuff is pricy like the hoodies, shoes, and some jackets. They have a great deal on their blank decks though...every month on the 20th...the blanks are 20.00 bucks, you can't beat that.  I like the service also. Donnie always takes care of me, but he works at the one off Eastern.  He knows the gear, culture, and on my birthday he hooked me up with a shirt.I always buy stuff from them.
5	Awesome place! Whenever we walk into Pharmacy we are greeted and told of what's new and what's on sale. The workers are so friendly every single time we come in. Other places sell the same brands but don't offer service unless you look like a millionaire. It's great to go to a shop in Vegas where the staff is humble and not so money hungry. Definitely a store to check out!
5	Stuff I want they have...plain and simple.
5	What a cool shop with friendly workers. My boyfriend was looking for some shoes before he left town and we pulled up to the store at 8:01. They close at 8:00, but they didn't care and were so nice to let us in and peruse their shop after closing. There is very little women's selection here--just a few pairs of TOMS--but if you have a sk8terboi in your life and need a good gift, here is a relatively small business option. (I say relative because it is, indeed, a franchise, but only has two or three other locations, vs. Pac Sun or Tilly's or whatever that have thousands.) Recommended!
2	My and the boyfriend came here to see if they had any white crochet Toms in stock at this location since they are a retailer according to the Toms website.We were not greeted upon walking in and he held a very long conversation with the person who he was originally helping so we waited awhile. We saw that the white crochet Toms were not out in display, but thought that maybe it wasn't displayed or were out of stock in certain sizes. My boyfriend asked the worker if he had white crochet Toms available and just said a flat out "No." He did not offer to help get us sizes in another color or see if he could assist further with a different style. I thought that was very rude considering we had waited a long time for him to finish his personal conversation before we were helped. I won't be back.
2	The place is located in the huge Walmart& sams club plaza, directly in front of walmart. Pretty easy to find. And its a huge place so parking is never really hard to find. Came to this place planning to buy some janoskis (shoes), Right when I walked in, someone greeted me and asked me if I needed any help. Good start. I ended up finding two pairs in the sale section, one of the workers was really surprised I found a certain pair. I wanted to buy the shoes cash so I said I'll be back. Came back 15 minutes later only to find the worker saying I couldn't buy one of the shoes anymore. Wtf? Apparently one of the shoes wasn't suppose to be on sale? It felt super shady and messed up. I couldn't tell if that was really the reason, or he just wanted to buy if for himself. Really bad first impression, don't get me wrong the place has really good merchandise but it was just really really shady on how I couldn't buy the shoes. When 15 minutes earlier I could have bought the shoes without any hassle. I ended up going to suite160 and buying another pair of shoes there. Really harsh review but its what it deserves for my visit. This place has some cool things though, I'll be sure to visit again and update.
5	I have to say for a board shop I was given some great customer service. We were instantly greeted when we walked into the store. Just for checking in we got a 10% coupon. My boys knew what they wanted already which is abnormal for them. We had already been to the store a few days prior anyway, the kids picked their stuff, there was so much to choose from. They are competitive price wise as well as assortment wise. If my boys need any Diamond, Huff or Hundreds brand accessories, clothes, socks etc I know where I am going to bring them. The hours work with our schedule and the location is prime. The parking lot is a little small but there is always a parking spot. Thanks for always having everything we need in your little location. My boys can't wait to go back again!!
5	I've been going to pharmacy for over a decade and I LOVE this shop. By far the best variety of skate hardgoods and shoes in las vegas. I wouldn't  go anywhere else for all of my skate/apperal needs. Very knowledgeable customer service too.
5	Initially came here for the the Girl/Chocolate "Pretty Sweet" Tour Signing. Realized the location wasn't that bad, I came back to shop for the first time. I returned to take advantage of their $20 board deal (every 20th of the month!). Was immediately greeted when I came into the shop. Explained what I was looking for, and they hooked it up right away. They also pointed out other sales, including the area for buy one get one free shoes. Crazy good selection, staff is cool, and the prices are great!
3	Cool employee. Knew what he was talking about. Wasnt impress with the board selection. Very slim pickings for skaters that prefer smaller boards. I don't like fatties. ;) kinda spendy too
4	Support Local Business!Now that I've said that, Support Local Business! I almost always try to shop for clothes at local places like this, yes I'm still 14-years-old.Pharmacy Boardshop has a decent selection of name brand shirts, hoodies, and shoes. They also sell their own brand of t-shirts called, "Pharmacy" and by the way, the shirts are super soft. Like any good skate shop, they have a large selection of skateboards; everything from short decks, long boards, and even a few 80's style pool carving boards which have been making a come back lately. I know some people can get intimated when walking into places like this, but the guys in here are very friendly and eager to help out newbies to the skate community. This place might be a little more pricey than Wally-World or other large box stores, but isn't it nice to know you're not feeding the beast?
5	Love this skate shop I go in 1-3 times a month to buy a new deck, new shoes, or anything else I need for skating .  They have a great selection of shoes and skateboard everything you need in a skate shop including an awesome friendly staff!
