5	I had a fabulous, fun and entertaining day at the Renaissance Festival!  It was great to see so many people dressed up as "Ladies", "Lords", "Orphans", "Knights", and more!!The shows were pretty much non-stop everywhere you looked.  There were plenty of shops, food and entertainment (shows, petting zoo's, rides, and more!).  I was really happy to see that there were wooden rides rather than mechanical rides here.  It made the Renaissance experience feel more authentic.  The roads were unpaved too!  I really enjoyed looking at that the permanent buildings they had for stores to sell stuff in, it wasn't like a tent set up (at least for most of them... ;) ).This is a great family, group and date experience. :)  Expect a lot of walking!Check the website on when they are open since it's only certain weekends in the early part of the year.
3	People watching + sexual innuendos = awthum.We started a tradition every year since college to go just to eat, flirt, and gaze.  Two girls out on the medieval town.The shows are in serious need of makeovers.  Just a hint: just 'cause you name it differently doesn't make it necessarily different.  I'm wavering between a 2 and a 3 because of the lack of interest in the shows, but at the same time because it's such a tradition and I have such an awesome friend, we make it enjoyable and fun.  And no I do not say 'thee' and 'thy' or dress up when I'm there.  No Thank You.  Unless I'm being paid to do it, I think I'll stay an observer.Nothing beats the people watching, either.  It's fun to see people dress up like their video games just to dress up funny.  Nevermind that the garb has nothing to do with the medieval era....There's something wrong about seeing guys older than 10 wielding wooden swords and flaunting flabby or scrawny bare chests.  Ren fair, not the beach, dudes.You can't beat the Lusty Wenches, either.  Chocolate covered strawberries, ha ha you.  The food has gotten better and flushy toilets make it a little more....hygenic feeling....but I'm starting to feel like I'm not getting my money's worth anymore.Upside is I got to hang out with my girly and bask in the wonderful weather.Oh, and a little addendum...nothing beats seeing one of the performers go to the same club you do and watching him shake his bootay in his ren fair outfit.
4	I can't believe there's only 3 reviews for this.  This was the first event I attended visiting Arizona before I moved here and I've been attending every year since.Expectations going into this should be kept to:1)People eating ginormous turkey legs2)People dressed as Lords and Ladies and the occasional wench3)You will get your fair share of  "thee's" and "thou's"4)Men will be looking at the ladies wearing the corsets5)Lots of walkingShows play around the grounds for all ages including adults so plan to catch a few of them if you can.  The knife swallower is a hoot, Dead Bob is a riot, and the Tortuga Twins might not be for everyone.  The main arena holds shows all day that play into each other so it's good to catch all of them.  Don't be affraid to tip either.For you guys reading this, here is your warning: there's lots of shopping here.  If your lady likes arts and crafts, your screwed.  Wood working, glass blowing and metal bending are just some of the items that are offered here.The food is really the same as a fair or basic stadium concession stand.  Chicken strips and fries, pizza, and soup bread bowls taste good, but you didn't drive all that way for them.  Order a turkey leg and let your medieval side out as you tear through it old school.Parking is free as you will pay for it in the price of admission and I look forward to seeing some of you there next year.
4	It is like the disney land of old.  Watch jousting tournaments where the knights battle to the death, fly in one of leonardo da vinci's flying contraptions, observe the ancient art of falconry, see how cloth was woven, buy a sword, a suit of armor, rub yourself in perfumes and oils of yore, watch live performances of music, dance, and comedy through out the day, and eat eat eat! It is a journey into another world, another time, where all members of the renaissance experience never cease to be in character. A world of jousting, archery, sword fights, swashbuckling, goblets and shanks, heavy velvet embroidered gowns, cleavage, tights, faery tales, magic, meat on a stick, privies, and torture chambers.It runs annually from February through March.  Not to be missed are the Royal Feast, the Ded Bob Show, Tom Selectomy the sword swallower, London Broil, the Wylde Men, and Dexter Tripp.
5	The Renaissance Festival is a place where everyone and anyone can venture to in order to awaken their medieval passions and expose a side of them no other place can reveal.  Here people can be themselves without fear of being judged.  They can dress in clothing appropriate to the era, eat as citizens of the renaissance age would eat, and live a day in the shoes of people whose lifestyle consisted of these aspects every day of their lives, all while having a merry time.What's fascinating about the Renaissance Festival is it is an escape from the everyday bustling industrial environment known to people of the 21st century.  Once you pass through the gates, you are immersed in a culture rarely seen these days.  Men, women, and children of all ages absorb the spirit of the festival and change into someone only such a place can expose.  Immediately you are compelled to have high spirits as people dancing, shopping, and just continuously enjoying themselves welcome you to the festival.  From there the opportunities are limitless for there are twelve stages of continuous live entertainment, jousting tournaments, over 200 artisans displaying a variety of unique wares, and displays of ancient skills like glassblowing, leatherworking, weaving, woodcarving, blacksmithing, candlemaking and pottery.One specific entity of the Renaissance Festival that stands out in my mind is the old coin striking mill tucked away and blended into in the strips of stores surrounding it.  Here, a family of three (father, mother, and daughter) work to produce unique coins crafted into necklaces by means of a punch press.  The store offers some 100 different punch dyes each a symbol possessing its own special meaning.  The categories range from mythological symbols, to astrological, to even ancient Egyptian.  Once their customer has chosen two of their own special symbols they want imprinted on a coin, they place a blank, either bronze or silver, between each dye and clamp it to a press.  Then a heavy weight is hoisted a few feet above the dyes and then suddenly dropped onto the head of one dye, eternally imprinting the symbols on the coin.  What's distinctive about this certain store is they can fulfill the needs of any customer that they are presented with by owning such a broad spectrum of dyes applicable to anyone due to the meaningful descriptions given to each symbol.  Additionally, what captivates people is the fact that the coin is formed before your very eyes three feet away, making the production a very personal thing for the consumer.  If you and your family are venturing to the Renaissance Festival in Arizona anytime soon, which I would undoubtedly recommend, be sure to stop in on this special experience not attained anywhere else close by.
4	I've been to a few Ren Faires in various states (my favorite is in Larkspur, CO), and this is towards the top of my list.First of all, they have their shit together. From signs all down 60 assuring you that you're going the right way, to having a specific Ren Faire lane to a plethora of parking attendants, everything was organized perfectly.Before I talk about the Faire itself, I have to say I was incredibly impressed at how disability accessible this place was. Between tons and tons of handicap park, ramps into each store, first aid people walking around with red cross flags so you knew where the first aid was, and even handicap reserved seating at the joust.  I give them an A+ on that.The shops were great; found an excellent variety of things for sale.  I got a great cane, candles, incense, jewelry and more. Food was good too; lots of veggie and meat options. We got broccoli cheese soup in a bread bowl (soup was ok, bread bowl was super delicious!), falafel (good), chocolate covered nut rolls (delicious!) and a good juicy pickle.   Drinks were huge for the $3 we paid, and could be found all over.I also liked how much seating there was, both in sun and shade.  We were able to stay longer because of being able to take breaks.The staff themselves were nice, but I didn't feel that many of them were as "into" their rolls as other faires I've been to.  I'd say "good morrow" and get "how are you doing?" in return.  Not a big deal, but just would have bumped it up to 5 stars.Worth the $18 the tickets were at Frys? Yes, but just barely. I hope they don't raise their prices!
3	So my friends and I came here for two specific reasons: food on a stick and people watching.Those two purposes were well served! Steak on a stick, grilled corn, drinks....We had fun watching people of all types (some even dressed as aliens??)My only complaint is the price of EVERYTHING!It was fun, but expensive (oh, and dirty). I blew through my money and got nothing to take home for it! Oh well, I got some sun and spent time with my friends. so it was definitely A-OK
5	This was my first Renaissance faire and we had a great time! I was amazed at just how big it was and how much work must go into this event each year. It's easy to spend an entire day here and not get bored- there are a wide variety of real buildings and tents to browse through, and an assortment of shows throughout the day. The atmosphere is great- you can be silly and merry and not get weird stares from the people around you. . Everyone is very easy-going and there are many children and dogs running around adding to the excitement. The admission price is a bit steep ($20), but there is a LOT to take in once you are inside. We were feeling a bit silly and went in costume for Pirate weekend- it was a fun time even though we weren't always sure how to act! (I'm just going to maintain my firm belief that pirates have very small vocabularies.) The drive out is long, but the area is well-prepared for the event. We came across plenty of signage and cones to direct us where to go without getting lost once. The parking situation is also nicely organized and we had no trouble getting in or out. Once you are inside, you're transported into an entirely different world. You can go in costume or not, and either way, you won't be the only one. Just be prepared to own up to what you wear! My fiance had a parrot hanging out of his shirt pocket- after buying it, we couldn't figure out how to attach it to his shoulder.. so in a last minute pinch we cut off the tail and put it in his pocket. Ironically, it bent forward to drink or eat whatever he was munching on at the time. We were asked about him more than once. :) Surprisingly, the drinks are quite affordable here! We were delighted to see Smithwick's on tap for a meager price of $5. The food, also amazing! If you've always dreamed of gnawing on a giant turkey leg, this is the place to do it..only $6 for more meat than anyone should reasonably eat! Men walk around with pretzels hanging from large sticks, and you can even get fresh roasted corn on the cob. We caught a few shows- I caught our knight falling off his horse on purpose and shame him for that! 'Twas a good joust though. We also saw a belly-dancing troupe while nom-ing on said turkey leg- they were fantastic and it was great to see beautiful women of all sizes putting on such a great show! We watched the beginning of the Tortuga Twins, but the humor was just a little too much *groan* for me. Take some money, because somewhere in between all of the beer and shops you will want to buy something silly. My man bought me a welded metal rose that even smells like real roses! How sweet. :) There were lots of shops to buy belly-dancing or medieval clothing. I saw some I really liked but didn't want the hassle of getting out of my costume. We also stopped by a chocolate booth later in the day- unfortunately it was getting warm so we had to eat it all on the drive home. I look forward to going back again next year. It's a long way from where I live, but well worth it for a day of fun festivities!
4	I was expecting a complete geek-fest, I must admit. I was expecting to get harassed by medieval dorks and that sort of thing. But, I was wrong. This was thoroughly enjoyable. Buy tickets at Fry's before you go and gas up because it's quite a drive with only one city between Tucson & Apache Junction. Parking was easy. I was surprised to see actual structures making up this little town of vendors, stages & game booths. There were performers, fun and delicious food at reasonable prices and cute little shops everywhere you turned. The rides were so hilarious and ingenious. Many were powered by the riders (great for wearing the kids out) or else there were operators to hand power them and there were even elephant rides. The people visiting the fair were as diverse & delightful as the fair itself. I would love to go again and would highly recommend this fest to anyone looking to get some kicks in before the summer heat sets in! OMG-VISIT THE TOMATO THROWING INSULT BOOTH (VEGETABLE JUSTICE)!!!! IT'S A RIOT!!!!!!
5	I've attended this RenFest for the last 15 years. Always a good time! Over the last 10 years I have attended in costume along with a few friends. We look forward to this event and sometimes we go more than once per season. I've read complaints of it being expensive, maybe some things are a bit expensive. However, to pay $20.00 for a day of non-stop entertainment is a pretty decent value. We look forward to seeing our favorites every year like, CAST IN BRONZE, Lord, Franko the Hypnotist, Barely Unbalanced, Dexter Tripp and Ded Bob when Smuj is with him.The village grounds are quite nice considering we are in the middle of a desert. They have done an awesome job of recreating a 1500's realm. The shops are fun and offer some pretty unique items for sale. The food is Faire Food and as with any State or County Fair you expect to pay a little more for something served on a stick.The people powered carnival rides are fun and unique in detail. This really is one of the best RenFests I've been to. My one and only complaint is this and I have written to the operators of this festival about this. The waiting in two separete lines to buy food and then to buy a drink. Is there any way to have the ability to buy your meal and drink at the same time. At noon those lines get long, by the time you get your food or drink, then get in the other line and wait. Either your meal or drink has been consumed before you have one or the other.
5	Yummy food and lots of entertainment.
5	For weekends spanning from February to April, take a journey to rural Arizona masquerading as medieval Europe for a day of fun, fantasy and entertainment.  Located in Apache Junction, the Arizona Renaissance Festival goes on for 2 months per year on it's own campus modeled on a middle ages period town.  Throughout the day, there are shows, food and fun to be had while you explore the shire.The shows vary from family friendly to adventurous to rather bawdy.  The food is modeled after period food modified to modern standards to fit varied tastes. In costume or not, with friends or solo a good time can be had by all.  Huzzah for good times in a time long, long ago at a place not very far away.....
3	200 open parking spots in the front and you have to park where you are herded. I think its too money driven by expanding out of the renaissance era. Somethings are expensive, but thats controlled by each vendor. I'm not big on the ren faire but I do have a good time.
5	If you are looking for something to do on the weekends in February - April, then you really should think about visiting the Renaissance Festival. I had put off going for years because of the location, but once I finally bit the bullet and went, I now look forward to going every year!Here are a few tips:*Get there early and be prepared to spend most of the day. There is a lot to see and do. *Wear comfortable shoes because there is a lot of walking. The good news is, there are also plenty of shady areas to sit and take a break as well. *Bring spending money! There are scores of shops with tons of unique merchandise. The Festival also has attractions like camel rides, etc that are not included in the price of the ticket.*Be prepared to eat. There is a lot of food and booze to be enjoyed! You will see many people dressed up in period attire. It adds to the mood of the festival. And don't be shy to interact with them. Many will be "in character" and it's fun to talk to them and even get pictures taken. See you there!
4	My husband's job rocks! Not only do we get to stay in fancy hotels, we get free tix for cool events. Not to be a snob, but I can't see us spending money going to the Ren Fair. But, because we went for free, I now see the attraction. Yes, there are peole dressed up in Renny outfits and way too much old lady cleavage. But we had a lot of fun! The performances were interesting and entertaining. The food was awesome. If you haven't had a turkey leg, you really should. Next year we will return. Free or not.
5	Where other than the Renaissance Festival can you see Wenches every weekend? My Hubby and I are "Rennies" and we head out to the festival at least twice a season ~ In costume!! Tips: Opening weekend and President's Day are 2-4-1days. There is usually a flier or coupon needed to partake in the 2-4-1 price. So if you do not mind crowds, head on out for half priced fun! Fry's sells discounted tickets. If you have allergies, like I do, take a non-drowsy Claritin (analog). Its all dirt out there and if/when the wind kicks up, so will your allergies! Trust me. Sunblock and a Hat. You'll be thankful you wore them. Ladies, leave the high heels at home. Wear comfortable shoes. Cash ~ you'll need it for the food booths. While there are ATMs on the festival grounds, why pay the fees? Most of the merchants take Credit Cards. A few of our favorite shows: Tartanic, Hey Nunnie Nunnie, and Zilch - The Torysteller Costume rentals are available near the entrance. Prices (if I recall) start at $30. If you stay til closing, there's a drum circle/jam at Fairhaven Theatre. Always a boatload of fun!
3	I've lived in AZ since 2002, and decided that it was finally time to check this out. One of my friends got tickets from work, so I went along. I was a bit surprised at all the "extra" costs that went on top of the ticket prices. At shows, the performers ask for tips. The latte was expensive, and husband said that turkey leg was to. We were with someone who had gone before, and she mentioned that she thought they had dropped the prices.  Had the tickets not been free, the cost would have been very high.  On the good side, at least the parking was included.  On a slightly different note, I saw a lot more flesh from people, and could have done without. Sunblock, sunglasses, water, and comfortable shoes are required for this.  It was a windy day, so the dust was certainly blowing.  If your kids are younger than three, I'd say to wait.  My daughter was indifferent to the event, other than waving to people.
3	There is nothing quite so apocryphal and intriguing as the stench of a man cloaked in velvet brocaded tunics and leggings speaking victorian english under the swelter of 110 degree weather gnoshing greedily on a cartoonishly large turkey leg. The stench is one of body odor, nose gays, grease, loathing, and pretense. It's an unmistakable odor I have come to equate with bluegrass concerts, trustafarians, and the anachronistic carnies of the renaissance fair. The Az Renaissance Fair is quite a spectacle indeed. I have been to it many times in my life, as a toddler, as a sneering adolescent, and as a drunken giggly twenty-something through each prism of perspective I saw this place differently depending on my age. Im sure I gazed at the strange sights and smells as a toddler in amazement and wonder. As an adolescent I probably complained of the heat and made sarcastic comments at every opportunity. As a grown ass man, believe it or not I had a great time. If you've never been it's worth the drive out just to see what all the fuss is about. There is of course the obligatory turkey legs, the overpriced beer in tankards, the jousts, etc. The highlights for me were the wild men and the falconer. dont ask, just go.
5	I've been going to the Arizona Renaissance Festival for years now.  It's a total blast in my opinion.  There are a variety of shows and events that range from family friendly to risque.  They include the obligatory joust, comedy, acrobatics, music, falconry and more.  The games or extra, but the performances are included in the admission.  Many do ask for donations and offer merchandise, often toward the end of the show, but from what I am told, these folks don't really get much if anything from the Festival folks and rely on donations + sales to actually live on.  They're optional, but as they often say, appreciated.  I heard someone say the shops there are Chinese-Import quality junk.  That may be true in 1 or 2 cases, but a majority are not only very nice quality but hand crafted.  Hand made glass crafts, weaponry that is combat rated and that has a lifetime warranty, and some sweet clothing being some examples.  Many items have been purchased there by myself and friends with neigh a complaint.  There is also a variety of food.  If the turkey legs are not your style, there are stews, skewers, chowders, and pizza to nibbles like pickles, jerky and pretzels.   For a bit more, you can get into the pleasure feast which is a usually good to great 5 course meal with 90 minutes of entertainment, included drinks (beer, wine and soda), a goblet that you get to keep, plus general admission to the Festival.  That, in my opinion, is worth it at least once if you can foot the extra.  It's usually been a fun experience for me.  Not sure what is up with the dissenters but, whatever.  I like this place enough to give it a rare 5 stars and would very much recommend it for a day of history minus the Plague and fun added.
5	For full disclosure's sake, I work here.  I can, however, be unbiased since I don't work for the Faire itself.The best deal is to take advantage of the 2-for-1 tickets that take place on opening weekend and President's Day Monday.  Be warned: everyone else is doing the same thing and it is CROWDED on those days.  Presidents Day can be particularly bad.To get your day's worth, I recommend going on those days where it looks like it's going to rain.  People generally stay away, so it's not nearly as crowded.  You get walking space, shorter food and drink lines, and better access to shows.It's better to go in the beginning of the run as opposed to the later weekends.  It can get hot those last weekends in March.Food is pricey, just like any other outdoor venue.  It's actually a better deal than the State Faire (I price-checked, so I know).  Your best value is to get a bread bowl and get the large soda ($3 for a large cup.  Ask them to go easy on the ice).  The food is tasty and filling.  If you don't want to buy the food, invest in a good cooler.  Fill it with food and ice and put it in your trunk.  Go out and eat lunch. Make sure you get your hand stamped first so you can get back in.You can't bring food and drinks in.  You are allowed to bring water; plain, unflavored water.  Please don't give the front gate ticket-takers a hard time about it.  They're nice people who don't make the rules.  They do check bags.Also, unless it's a service animal, leave the pets at home!  Only service animals are allowed into the Faire.  They won't let you bring in your puppy, kitten, cat, dog, iguana, macaw, alligator, wooly mammoth, etc.  There is a rudimentary kennel where you can keep your pet.  Yes, the birds of prey will find your chihuahua puppy to be a tasty treat.  Leave it at home.  There is a rental shop where you can rent electric scooters (like rascals, not razors), wheelchairs, strollers, and wagons.  They are first come, first served.  They don't take reservations, and have a limited number of electric carts.  Make sure you get there first thing if you need one.  Also, keep in mind that there is a weight limit on the electric scooters:  300 pounds.  If you're over that amount, they can't rent to you.That having been said, the Faire site is 30 acres of walking.  There is a decent amount of seating, and not a lot of shade (we're in the desert after all).  Little ones will need lots of breaks and drinks.  Make sure you're drinking the occasional water to help soak up some of that beer.Speaking of drinking, there are both porta-potties and flushies.  If you can hold it, wait for the flushies.  The shows are wonderful!  There is belly dancing, and juggling, and acrobatics, and comedy, and mystery, and intrigue!  Some of my personal favorites are  Hey Nunnie Nunnie!, Barely Balanced, Zilch the Torysteller, The Wild Men, Three Guys and a Bunch of Drums, Wine and Alchemy, the Birds of Prey, and probably others that I'm forgetting.  Ded Bob is a big draw, as are the Tortuga Twins.  Get to those shows early because it can be standing room only some days.There is an opening gate show that begins at about 9:30.  There is also a closing gate show that starts between 5:30 and 5:45.  There is a variety of shops from food to clothing to house tchotchkes to artwork to toys to candles.  You will find something that you want. There are rides for the kids.  Some are free, some cost extra money.The butterfly carousel is free and is great for toddlers to about 5 year-olds.  The other rides are about $2 (might be more, I don't know); the bungy jump is about $6, and there are camel and elephant rides; I think they're $5.There is also a Dungeon Museum.  It think it's $2 to get in.  It's disturbing and fun.  I'd recommend it for 10 years and up, maybe going a little younger if your kid doesn't scare easily.   I highly recommend dropping in on hot days because it's air conditioned. There's also a Storybook Museum.  I think this is also $2.  This is where you want to take your little princesses and princes.  There are little dioramas set up with fairy tale stories.  It's cute.There is a petting zoo that is FREE!  You can have a little sit-down and pet some chicks and baby ducks, and there are usually some border collie pups with their moms.  Visit the big hairy cow!I almost forgot the joust!  You have to see at least one of the jousts throughout the day; there are 3 so choose wisely.I think that's everything.   You don't have to go in costume, but it's much more fun that way!
4	I had my perceived expectations of the festival.  At first, it was all that I expected. On opening day, people here there were dressed in medieval costumes and of course stage actors roaming around the crowd.  I can't say I was too impressed by the opening act. However, the fun started as the gates opened!It seems the parade of jesters and shops go beyond what I had in mind.  The place was huge! Our first stop was to watch the Bagpipes and drums -- definitely worth the suntan!  I loved it!  Jousting was cool, but it was nothing like Knights of Mayhem on the History channel.  I guess it was the PG version.  Food and drinks were pricey but that was a given.  I didn't get to eat the super sized Turkey Leg, but I ate and drank enough it didn't really entice me.Overall, it was good fun and entertaining.  I really appreciate cultural outings. - Enjoy!
5	I like going with the kiddos, yes it cost a good amount of money but you cant expect these people to get dressed like they do for nothing.  We went opening weekend this year, much of this place hasn't changed over the years, I have seen many of the shows but my favorite is the falcon show with the flying birds (I watch it every time).  They have a sword swallower, comedy shows, mid-evil time kid rides, ax throwing, tons of stuff to buy mid-evil, cool food, and lots of walking.  Oh yeah, don't forget the sunblock.
5	Awesome! I come here every year and always have a great time!
5	Love it!The people are snarky in a cool way, they jab at you and if you play back you only get deeper into it! I always go for the Global Scent Company, but the turkey legs as bowling ball are also AWESOME! Tried the sheppard's pie and had a beer with it, really good too!It can be pricey, but it is really worth it. I had my hair done at twisted sister, in like 7 minutes they had this elaborate braid in my head.The jousts is great, the shows I prefer, but are PG-13 to R rated: Don Juan & Miguel, Ded Bob, Dexter Trip (some of his are G).
5	This has been a staple for me since moving to Arizona in 2001. I've gone every year, and have only gone twice in street clothes. Every other time I've gone, i've been in "garb" (clothes that fit the time/period/event). I'd recommend going in garb, either renting it at the entrance (starts around $35 for adults, $10 for kids), or putting it together beforehand. You can really get into the event that way, and feel less like a tourist. Plus, it's just fun. The tickets are usually around $20 for adults if you get them at Frys, and $10 for kids under 12, and to me, they're worth every penny. Yes, food there costs money, as do any of the doodads and cool things for sale, but that should be a given. All the entertainment is free. One of the other reviewers mentioned that the entertainers ask for tips, and seemed to have an issue with this. I don't know why. They entertain for a living. There's nothing wrong with asking for tips, and it's not like there's someone behind you with a great sword FORCING you to tip. It's appreciated, but not expected. And honestly, most of the acts are worth the tip. Expect to spend a decent amount on food, but it is less than state fair food. And better, in my opinion. Steak on a stake, turkey legs, even soups, fish and chips and chinese food! There is SOOOO much to see that even spending a full 8 hours, from open to close, isn't enough. This year I took my partner and her youngest (who is 9) and he LOVED it! He loved the people, the food, all the cool stuff to see. He wants to go back next year in garb, and save up money for a huge dragon puppet (Drabbit). Some of the best acts: Adam Crack, Birds of Prey, Tartang, Hey Nunney Nunney, The Joust to the Death, Tortuga Twins. There are some acts I STILL haven't seen after having gone for 10 years straight. Ded Bob used to be good, but his act gets old after seeing the same thing over and over again. But go get your fortune told, hair braided or a henna tattoo. Kids love trying to climb Jacob's Ladder and the New World Joust. Take the time to watch the street performers and the jugglers, say hi to Twig the Faerie and the Green Man. All in all, it costs about as much as a day at the State Fair, but I think it's more interesting and definitely more educational. Our 9 year old spent almost an hour with the medieval board games... Not a DS, PSP or other video game.. Board games. It's a full day of fun for the entire family!
5	I've been going to Ren Fair since I was a little kid, and I've always had a great time.  There's a plethora of shows, food, and merchant stands to go to.  We got tickets to the Pleasure Feast last year, which was an entertaining show with a ton of food.  I'm always a fan of the birds of prey show.  You get to see fascinating birds such as eagle owls.  As the years have progressed, more food options are available, such as more vegetarian options for those that don't want to nosh on a turkey leg or sausage on a stick.  In addition, drink stands such as the Cappuccino Cafe offer delicious and refreshing coffee drinks and Italian sodas (with many sugar free syrups to choose from).  It's always fun browsing through all the wares for sale, and it's great to see some of the same artisan craftsmen and craftswomen come back every year to sell things that you won't normally find.  We got our tickets ahead of time through Fry's, for $20 each.  If you go to the Renaissance Festival website and buy tickets, you get $1 off regular admission.
5	OK: I like the Ren Festival. I still have a T shirt from 1991 which is in very good condition. My one quibble is that it get so damn crowded; oh well. I still go at least once a year. :)
4	AWESOME festival! This is our 2nd year going and I will not miss it in the upcoming years!Food is wonderful and not high priced considering you are at a festival. Wear sneakers since you are in the dirt most of your journey through :)If you didn't get a chance to check it out this year - I wouldn't miss it next year!
5	YEA! I'm SO excited to review the Renaissance Festival!!We have been coming here every year for about 15+ years! It's like you are living in the old days of King's, Queen's and Knights! Everybody dresses in that era of clothing. They have rides for the kids that do not use electricity, they use the muscles of the pesants! They have play's and skits and everyone walking around is in charactor! It is so much FUN!!!The food is Amazing! They have big turkey leggs, shephards pie, sweets and the King's Nuts!They even have mother goose and her goose (all dressed up) but the origional Mother Goose passed away last year (so sad for all of them) and they have someone new, but they are not calling her Mother Goose. Maybe this year, we'll see. They were so respectful of my children when I asked, "Where's Mother Goose?" They actually took me aside and whispered it in my ear. I actually started crying...She was their family member, but she was up in age and they said she went peacefully.Back to the fun: They have jackles and they do all kinds of funny tricks. They have the fun & crazy Nunny Nun's and they have the guys with all the birds like eagles, raven's, etc and they put on a show. The price to get in is high, BUT for all that you get with all the shows, etc, it is Well worth it!!They do have a playground for the kids to swing and slide, etc. They have benches to eat your food, or you can sit and watch a show while eating. You can buy your costumes there (expensive) or you can make or buy one a head of time which I would suggest!!They have all kinds of neat things to buy from jewelry to leather shoes and fancy hats. They also have the Jousting contests! Men on horses and their long swards. Pretty cool, but kind of fake looking for adults. The kids think it's real though and that's all that counts!We will be going next month so I hope to see you all there!!!Go to http://www.royalfaires.com/arizona/  to buy your tickets and get some great deals ahead of time!Remember, it might seem a little pricy, BUT I promise you it's well worth the money. Let me know how your visit was, OK!See ya there!!!Blessings,Fay
3	My hubby and I went to the Renaissance Festival on the first weekend this year and we had a lot of fun. Unfortunately, it was a cold, rainy day but I think that actually added to the atmosphere a little. We used to live in Houston and we went to the Texas Renaissance Festival many times and that one was a lot better because of all the tall pine trees and all you can see is wooded area so you really felt like you were in a Sherwood Forest or something. I am not sure if I would be able to get into the spirit at the AZ one if it was a sunny day because the area is all dirt with little vegetation and there is desert mountain views in the distance.The AZ fair is a lot smaller than the TX one but also it is not as well organized. It would have been nice if they had different themes in the different areas rather than just repeating the same things over and over. Also, I am not really sure what gypsies or pirates have to do with the Renaissance but most of the rides and shows seemed to revolve around them. We ended up spending most of our time shopping and my biggest gripe is that most of the wares are insanely overpriced. I can understand (even if I don't like it) for the truly one of a kind hand crafted items but many of the stores are selling trinkets you can buy other places for less. I also didn't like that there were little things here and there that cost extra $$ to do or do. I already paid $22 to get in, that should cover it all. Fortunately the best event of the day was free and plenty of seating... THE JOUST! I guess they only do this once at the end of the day so make sure you don't leave early and miss seeing it!The food items were hit or miss. Of course everybody loves a good turkey leg and I loved the fact that had Guiness and Ace Pear cider on tap! That right there earned them an extra star. However, my bread bowl chili was just average (bread was good, chili was not so good). I also really enjoyed a caramel apple that was nice and juicy. The biggest negative food-wise was the coffee carts. It was so cold that we really wanted some hot drinks but I was not happy about paying Starbuck's prices for instant-mix beverages.Overall, we had a great time and I highly recommend everyone attend this festival at least once. It makes for a fun day for all ages.
5	I'm drawn to this festival for some odd reason, even though I don't fit the usual mold for the type of person who's into renaissance type stuff.  My first "ren fair" was in Holly, Michigan many years ago, and I find myself going back when I can because I like it so much.I've been to this fair once before back in 2009, and had a good time then. I finally made it back this past weekend and had a blast with a group of friends that went with me.  The Tickets themselves aren't cheap, but they get you access to a bunch of activities all day long.  The fair itself is HUGE, lots of shopping, enough shows to watch that suit just about everyone, and tons of side shows as well.  When I was there this time, I watched a few shows, including the laughing nuns (a comedy routine), some belly dancers, a fire eating guy who was pretty good and I also watched some of a Celtic band perform.  The shows are all free and part of the package, which is awesome!Coming here is like a step back in time.  People dress up in period dress, making it feel more authentic, and the food is quite tasty as well.  Turkey legs, bread bowls, fish and chips along with lots of other things to eat as well here for a reasonable price.  I think the turkey legs were a little over $7, drinks were about $3, and plenty of other food for slightly less then that.Even if your not a ren fair type person, I think its a blast to go out here and check it out. I would say on the cheap end, plan on spending at least $40.  That's $21 to get in, $10 for food, and another $10 for side items like face painting, etc. They have tons of shopping here, so it's possible to spend more, I just don't feel the need to buy a lot of the items that I see here. They have stuff like candles, tarot card readings, jewelry, paintings and TONS more stuff that you can buy here, depending on your interests and budget.I love coming here and will return in the future.  Plan on spending the entire day, and wear comfortable clothing and shoes when going. From Phoenix, its about an hour drive (maybe a little less, depending where your coming from) and have a good time.  Oh, and you don't need to wear period dress while here.  Whatever makes you happy!
5	Here's the low-down: you can rent a costume at the front door. $35 and you can be as flowery a gallant or chivalrous lady as can be.Don't fall for that deal with the Pleasure Feast. On the web site it says $69.99 including admission. At the ticket line, it says, $59.99 no admission included. The regular admission is $22. Kids 5 and under are free.At the justice booth, there's a man who insults you while you throw tomatos at him. He's near the Joust. There's a lot of games for the kids. Really interesting booths with unique gifts. There's two booths with greyhounds dressed to the nines and ready for pettings. The Joust is rigged but pretty realistic. Those shields take a beating! Totally worth the admission!
3	It doesn't change much from year-to-year, except that this year the parking situation was bloody awful.Get a coupon or buy your tickets from Fry's to save some money that you can use inside to buy some "queen's berries" (chocolate covered strawberries) or maybe a scotch egg.Get your Christmas shopping started for the nerds in your life: dragon-shaped incense burners, crystal necklaces, leather moccasins, books on medieval torture methods, and the list goes on.Pick up the show schedule at the front gate and prepare to be entertained. Watch a man with a bullwhip, a falconry show, juggling, sword-swallowing, and more. Don't miss The Tortuga Twins and Zilch the Torysteller, my personal favorites.Even if all that isn't your cup of tea, it's a great opportunity to soak in some beautiful Arizona weather and watch people act like weirdos.
4	I love the Renaissance Festival. I've been going about every other year for 20 years and it never fails to be a good time! the ticket to get in is a little pricy but shows are tip only so it makes it a decent value. Lots of shopping, and quirky entertainers like the guy who will insult you for a tip. the Dead Bob Show is a must see. I love that it is kept clean and real bathrooms too.
4	I've attended the AZ Renaissance Festival for over 15 years now and love it!From the moment that you approach the front gates and are greeted/heckled by the crowd of townspeople, you're transported back to a fantasy version of the middle ages. Whether you choose to dress up in period-appropriate attire or show up in your 21st century duds, you'll feel right at home amidst the quaint shops, cottages, and stands that make up the milieu of the Arizona Renaissance Festival. When we start early (a good idea if you'd like to avoid the hottest part of the day and the longest lines/biggest crowds) my favoritest way to begin the day is with pastries or the freshly made crepes. There are several very munchable snacks that are perfect for enjoying as you stroll: cinnamon roasted almonds, freshly made pretzels (sold from a large rack carried over a gentleman's shoulder as he wanders the crowd), heck, even the famous (and delicious!) Turkey Leg is very portable. The Turkey Leg, complete with crispy skin, is delicious but the portion is HUGE, I can rarely come even close to finishing. Additional substantial meal-fare items are the bread bowls (my husband's favorite) and Steak on a Stake - all yummy! If you've ever wanted to try your hand at throwing knives, axes, or tomatoes, this is the place for you! There are lots of different games (which have an additional cost) and rides to pass the time and keep the kiddos busy - a huge swan-swing, pirate ships, spinning butterfly swings are all fanciful options to choose from.We always try to make the most out of the free entertainment offered and start our day by plotting out the shows that we'd like to see - our favorites are Barely Balanced (acrobats that are talented and are also hilarious), Thom Sellectomy the Sword Swallower (gross but impressive), Falconry, where they show off lots of beautiful rescued birds over an open green belt (it is educational and interesting!) and of course Jousting. The Jousting is a little cheesy, but we typically try to catch the last show: The Joust to the Death, which is the best one.It is easy to fill the gaps between the shows, games, and meals by wandering through the shops and browsing their wares; they have lots of unique items from renaissanc-y clothing to weapons and jewelry to wooden toys to furniture. The petting zoo - complete with ducks, bunnies, sheep dogs, pigs, goats, and a highland cow(!) - as well as the Greyhound Rescue pavilion with their sweet pups are always obligatory stops to get in our warm fuzzies :)Tips: Be sure to bring cash, as many of the food vendors don't accept credit cards. Also, if you plan on attending the shows, set aside cash to give after the performance - they are free, but the performers live off of the tips and they do a great job, so it is good to have cash handy if you feel so inclined. There are ATMs in the faire, but the fees that they charge get expensive.Traffic on the 60 headed out to the festival gets really, really bad. Mid-day on a busy weekend can turn what might normally be a 40 minute drive into 1.5-2 hours, so be prepared. Parking is well done - they've taken a page from the Disney parks and have a bunch of people there to direct all of the cars into specific spaces in a very quick and efficient manner. The parking lot and grounds are all in a dusty dirt field, so plan accordingly with what you wear. If it is rainy, that all turns to mud and it is a MESS! Bathrooms throughout the whole festival are clean and modern... there is a restroom outside the entry that typically has long lines, but the lines for the restrooms inside tend to be much shorter. If you're looking for something unique and fun that will transport you to another time and place, definitely make the trek to the Arizona Renaissance Festival; its a blast!
4	My family and I absolutely love this festival! It's so detailed and elaborate. The people, the costumes, the shows and shops are all so entertaining. I find the food delicious. Much better then your normal festival or fair food. The turkey legs are delicious! The belly dance show is a must see. Those girls are talented. The jousting is so fun. My entire family, from my 6 year old daughter to my 58 year old mother loved the show. The one thing to be prepared for is to spend money. It's pricey to get in and once you are in EVERYTHING cost money. If you go knowing that you are going to spend money then it's not really a big deal. It's worth it to me for this family fun.
4	This year (2013) marks the 25th year for the festival. I've been a handful of times over the years. I don't necessarily like it, but I have respect for it. Years before LARPing was a thing and way before CosPlay was cool and mainstream, these dedicated medieval nerds, actors, and craftsmen have been putting down their 12-sided dies and crawling out of their parent's basements to create a fun, DIY handcrafted fantasy world piece by piece.Every year it gets bigger and more detailed. They still manage to avoid corporate sponsorship and the price really hasn't climbed out of control since they started either. Many booths now have websites as well so you can also buy their goods online, and a few are even starting to get Square so you can pay by credit card. For years, this was a cash-only affair (and for the most part it still is). Taxes? Well, their plates and cups are closely inventoried now to help keep track of that and to keep them honest, but I get the feeling that a lot of this still flies under the radar. You can still get your Steak on a Stake, giant fried fish, salted pretzels and bread bowls. The food here is actually pretty good. It's one consistent thing about this: always something good to eat. You'll see people walking around chomping on giant turkey legs and there's a place here that makes some of the best crepes I've ever had. There are a few artisan chocolate makers here as well.Over the years, the use of "Huzzah!" has declined dramatically. You don't seem to hear it as often. It was always pretty much the iconic catchphrase of the fair. This weekend, I think I was the only person who said it (even though I was saying it ironically, since I was the only asshole saying it, I was the problem). My lovely older sister has been into this since damn near the beginning. She has been attending mostly as a performer, and has met many of her closest friends through the event. I never had the appreciation for this that she did. She used to sing opera, so she loved making and wearing costumes and period dresses. This was a perfect fit for her. She still loves it to this day, and I'm sure every year she goes to at least one Renaissance festival somewhere if not in AZ. I've only been a handful of times over the years, and I can't remember it ever being my idea to go. Still - I don't totally hate it or have a bad time.Half the shops here sell things you would only buy to wear or bring the next time you come. The rest sell mostly impractical artisan crafts and trinkets. There are some sky chairs for the patio and some normal things you can buy, but not a lot. Any pair of shoes you buy here will not be something you could wear outside of a costume party. If you are into roleplaying, then definitely come here. The shows they put on are funny and entertaining. The performers are good at what they do, and they have a fantastic time doing it. They also never seem to lose steam or energy. If you come to this fair in a bad mood, someone will be following you around trying to cheer you up or make fun of you.Also - even though they hold this in February and March, it's too hot out there. Bring sunscreen. You'll see people walking around wearing long black leather trench coats with heavy chain-mail armor and swords and crap and wonder how they aren't dropping dead from the heat. The reason is because half the people you see are from Apache Junction and you don't understand just how acclimated they are to swamp cooler weather and living with swamp ass. The question arises - is this good for kids? The answer is "sort of" - I mean, there is face painting, and kiddie rides that look barely safe, and plenty of entertainment that kids would enjoy, but then the shows can be raunchy, some of the attractions contain scenes of torture and most of what goes on here promotes violence. Also, half the girls walk around in period costume with their boobs pushed up and almost bursting out. Honestly, I don't really give a shit what your kids are exposed to - but if you are really uptight about it, then don't come here. Also, the ground is all gravel, so if you bring a stroller here, you're an idiot. It's a huge place too, so your little kid will get bored quick and also tired of walking around. Take them straight over to the petting zoo so they can pet some filthy goats and dogs and then come home with ringworm. The bottom line is - if you've never done this, you really should. It's a top notch event. It's like a time-traveling low-budget circus with food and entertainment and a bunch of hand-made crap that you can buy. At least go and figure out that it's not your thing. They serve alcohol here too, so you can get drunk and belligerent and everyone will just think you're acting. You can wear street clothes or dress up. I'm sure it's more fun if you like to pretend and play dress up. Worst part is getting there and parking.
4	I just got home from the festival and had a great time, like I always do. I've gone to the Ren Fair many times in my life and I always love getting immersed in the Medieval time period. It is really far outside the valley but it's nice to drive out and see the Superstition Mountains up close. Pros: Buy tickets at Fry's beforehand (saves you money and lines), food is good, drinks are aplenty, cool stores, hair braiding and shows.Cons: Can be really crowded, pricey, women wearing skimpy clothes that they shouldn't be wearing, coming/going traffic and waitsFor shows, I would recommend Ded Bob and Tortuga Twins. The fire whip show is also really cool. The pirate show is also not bad (very inappropriate thought for kids). I don't have children so I don't know of the good child friendly shows (but there are lots since a lot of kids are there).All in all, it's a fun thing to do if you're willing to drive and spend some money. Would recommend going!
2	Probably the least favorite of the many festivals AZ has during March-April. Yet, I go every year! I'd probably enjoy it more if I didn't have to shell out close to $70 for my family of 4 just to get in! The high prices (for everything) aside, it's enjoyable for the family. The shows are entertaining and fun. The food is delicious. We spend most of our money on the food.I'm still on the fence on whether it's worth it or not. There are so many great festivals this time of year that are free.
3	I am going to be honest.  I have always wanted to go to the Reanaissance Festival ever since I was a little guy in elementary school.  My wife shared my desire and we were given an opportunity to go by a business associate.  I'm having a hard time with how many stars I should put.  I started with two because I don't think I'd tell someone they should go because it's so expensive for what you get for the cost of entry.  However, we were treated well while we were there and the shows were entertaining.  That's why I bumped it up to three stars.  We had a good time.  Would I go again?  Not if I had to pay, but if I got free tickets, then I might.  The food is good, but pricey.  It costs money to do everything, so we didn't ride any rides.The weather was nice, and they let my pregnant wife wait at VIP while I got the car.  That was good customer service, so I'll go with the three stars.  Final answer.
3	it's worth going to once. don't think I feel the need to come back after this year. I much prefer the State Fair, because at least they have some decent bands that perform.
3	I enjoy the fair quite a bit.  It's always a fun time and I try to get there every few years.  This year being the 25th anniversary (and Celtic Weekend) I was hoping they'd bump it up a notch.  Well they didn't.  Much of the attractions were the same and nothing really seemed different for Celtic Weekend, aside from patrons wearing more green than usual maybe.  My favorite show was Adam Crack, the whip guy.  He put on a really entertaining show.So my only beef is that overall there doesn't seem to be enough variety from year to year.  That being said, I've only ever attended the Arizona fair, I have nothing else to compare it to.  And as I said before it's a fun time nonetheless.
4	The Renaissance festival is a must visit at least once for the experience. It's fun to see everyone dressed up and in character. The food was priced high as expected with any festival food. Parking is free but there traffic going there. Since the highway there is only two lanes, one of those is dedicated to entrance to the festival. Be sure to purchase tickets at your local Fry's grocery to save the extra bucks.
1	Just came back from that festival. I don t want to be bad. We are from Europe. This is a real joke. Between charlemagne ( 8th century), the elephants, and the renaissance it is almost 600 years between!  You pay 20 dollars for what! Park your car maybe in rocks!.you must pay everything inside. 1 dol to 6 dol at least. Just for rides. Family of 6. It hurts!. + food(awfull) drinks( I am not sure they put any alcohol in the cocktails($6 each). Go once and never go back. Good luck!
5	Year after year I visit the Renaissance Festival and love it every single time. Thanks to my darling daughter, we had period dress and that makes it even more fun. The crowds were serious this past Sunday but I never felt put out. The craftspeople who bring their own works of art are a highlight for me. I love seeing what they have brought to share. Can't miss the Tory-Steller or Hey Nunnie Nunnie either. So hilarious. Catch yourself a turkey leg and pet the greyhounds. It's good for ye!
5	It's awesome, I love the food.  They even have Indian cuisine and Chinese food here now.  I like the steak on a stick. If I get a turkey leg, I ask for a less well done one that will still be moist inside.Tickets are $22 at the gate, $20 at fry's grocery store.  Entertainment book often has buy 1 get 1 adult free for opening weekend, the President's Day, and closing weekend (busiest times of the season), and a buy 1 adult, get a child free coupon that is good any day.I saw a new performance this time, the water fountain lady with the doofus donkey guy. It was less than impressive, but older ladies may like it a lot.  This was my first visit I tried to take food on the bird flight demonstrations, but the polite guard lady said not to go on grass because birds have attacked people with food, even the slushy ball of ice.
4	I attend the faire every few years; it's more fun with a group of friends. I got some disounted tickets this year. I think if you get to the faire early enough you can get your monies worth even with the full admission prices.To get your monies worth...1. Go to as many of the shows as possible - they are fun and entertaining.2. Bring a flask (not really okay but hey, everyone does it) then get a soda and enjoy your mixed drink for a fraction of the cost.3. Pack a picnic lunch and keep it at your car. Food here is expensive but you can have a tailgate type of lunch at your car and get out of the crowd for a while. If you do this you could still purchase one of the fun faire foods like a turkey leg and share it.4. Don't forget sun protection - the sun will totally take the life out of you. Wear sunscreen and a hat so you can enjoy the entire day.Traffic! Yes - it'll happen to you. It's a 2 lane road with tons of traffic during the faire. Just plan on it regardless of the time you go.I had an excellent time. The belly dancers were great, the Wild men show was fun and Dead Bob is a must see. I go to the adult versions of the shows if they offer them but beware if you have kids with you - language and the sexual nature of them can get pretty crazy and may be hard to explain to the little ones.
4	We had never been to a Renaissance Festival before and we're glad we made the decision to take the whole family. We had a great time and enjoyed all the festival has to offer. The shows were a little corny but everything else was very family friendly.
4	I went to the Ren Fest yesterday for the first time since high school. When I was in high school, I went to the Ren Fest every year and got fully dressed in costume. My musts included: Henna tattoo, new jewelry (preferably with a dragon or sword on it),  and hair braiding. Well, the Fest is very much the same now. It has a lot of the same shows, rides, booths, and food that it always has had. I have a changed a bit (only got the hair braids this time since I am old enough for real tattoos :-P). This was my first time at the fest in which I could drink, so that was awesome. Their drinks are fairly priced, Guinness is 5$, mead is 4$, mixed drinks are about 6$. I started with honey mead...seemed like the right thing to do....this stuff is pretty freakin awful. The mead is so sweet, it kind of tasted like cold medicine....yikes. I had to slam it. The beer was good, and I got a daiquiri that was very large and tasty. The people watching here is pretty wonderful, you can see many scantily clad women, men in all kinds of costumes, and I even saw a guy with a sword and shield made of PBR cans.....pretty epic stuff. The shows are all included, there are some free games scattered around (we played giant Jenga), and lots of crafty things to look at. I will definitely return to the Ren Fest and if you have never gone, I would highly recommend it.
5	The Arizona Renaissance Festival should be on the annual to do list of all Phoenicians.  We make the pilgrimage down the sixty to middle of no where Arizona, which is just a little past Gilbert, every year.  Ren Fest occupies a village of permanent structures and stages that are used seasonally during the extended weekends and holidays from mid February through March.  This past year we came in February and found that it was a little less crowded then when we slip in our visit before the end of March.We usually find our way to Clan Tinkers, a juggling act with other feats of daring.  The past two visits have found us witnessing the joust.  This last time, we sat in the section of the bad guy.  Luckily, it was the middle show, which meant that he won the round.  My daughter wasn't sure why he was the bad guy.  And our visit isn't complete without running into Fairy Twig.  Some of the shows aren't appropriate for our daughter with their off color humor, others are just questionable, but hey, it's Ren Fest.  Usually she wants to buy everything in sight.  She also goes on some of the rides, like the giant tower serpent of fun slide, a large rocking horse, and the joust ride. She's outgrown the free rides.  There's also food for everyone if you look for it.  The turkey legs make me sick, and I've heard that it is really Emu.  What turkey is that big?  My daughter seeks out the pizza, or a burrito will do.  My wife eats only the crepes.  I favor anything with meat.  This last visit I happened upon the sausages.
4	Pros: Kept us busy all day. There was so much to do and eat. Cons: We're from Texas and back home we have the Texas Renaissance Festival. Compared to that one, the AZ one is smaller and there is less variety in the food. Of course at both festivals there is a huge mark up on food and drinks. They don't accept credit cards.
5	Great festival. Love how everyone is in the spirit. This is a gem in Arizona and needs more support and press.
5	We love the renaissance festival. It's a great memory making day for the family! Our kids are so happy to see the performances like; Tartanic, the glass blowers and the painted lady. Also, the food is great too; our favorites are steak on a steak, giant turkey legs and anything dipped in chocolate.
4	That time of year is here again, friends - tax season.  And tax season means big returns for some.  And for those with the big returns, it means Huzzah!  The Renaissance Festival is in town (or a couple towns away).It will cost a pretty penny to enter - adults $22, children 5-12 $12, though Fry's and Wendy's have some decent coupons.  The admission includes many shows - as soon as you enter, there is a usually a musical duo performing in Monk's Square.  The 3 Guys and a Bunch of Drums are awesome - very comedic and great rhythm.  Adam the Whipcracker, while corny at times and literally begging for tips, is still very talented.  He plays a harmonica quite well, while juggling with one hand and cracking a whip with the other - I think this might irritate my wife because I can't even do 2 things at once, if you know what I mean.  Then there's jousting, blah blah blah but still great for the kids to cheer on.  You can see a firebreather on stilts.  Take a picture with Treebeard from LOTR if you'd like.  The real stars of the entire festival are the performers in the Wyld Man show, which is clever and politely colorful for the adults while incredibly entertaining for the kids - those guys get 5 stars.As for the market place, you can buy swords, spears, chain mail, feathers, horns, musical instruments, and anything else that either is or isn't related to the Renaissance (like Viking and Pirate crap).  I've found that many of these items are hugely marked up and cheaply made, but hey - this is Consumerica, so enjoy.While most of the food is mediocre and not terribly priced (yet not cheap either), I did find Ye Olde Sausage Shoppe which is all me, baby.  We're talking Kidney Sausage, Bangers and Mash, Corned Beef and Cabbage, Tandoori Chicken, et al, for about $6.50 per plate!  Oh my fat soul, it was all so good - I ate 3 dishes myself, one of the plates standing in line waiting for the rest of the food.  I might have an animated cameo in a segue on Family Guy if any writers were around.So, plan on dropping a king's ransom, but it's worth it - even that crappy ass drive down the 79 is worth it - check them out.
5	What a fun time! Beer is only $3-5 and there is jousting, enough said. It sure is a trek to get out here from Phoenix but it's worth it! I went with my husband and some friends and had a great time. I was very impressed by how beautifully decorated the fair is and all the workers are so in character. For adults, the primary draw is the jousting tournaments. The rest of the festival is a whole lot of stores and shows that seemed mostly aimed at entertaining children (great for families). I was so impressed with the food selections available. There are tons of vegetarian options, the food is good, mostly is made fresh, and it's not expensive at all. I was expecting stadium prices, and would have paid stadium prices, so to see everything at half the cost of that was a refreshing surprise. I got a Taco Salad with black beans ($5) and while it really was nachos, not a salad, it was yummy. The Roasted Vegetable Lasagna also looked like a great option.One thing to note - I'd recommend avoiding riding the camels and elephants. I was waiting in line for the restroom adjacent to their area and heard animals making frightful noises and a lot of people screaming. One of the camels had gotten freaked out and was trying to toss/smash its human riders. Things did not seem to end well for the elderly couple that was on the camel. It doesn't seem like the animals are treated that well and are enclosed in a small space.Also, wear sunblock! The weather forecast said it would only be a high of 70 so we didn't bother, but it felt like 80+ and we all got significantly tanned or sunburnt. Somehow the fair is just hotter than everywhere else around Apache Junction.
4	It's worth it if you haven't visited before. $20 ticket if purchased at Fry's. $3 soda, $5 beer, $7.50 Turkey Legs, $5 Brownie with Ice-cream. Remember to bring sun screen and Hat. Be prepared to walk a lot. Things are very expensive to buy. Very busy too.Lot of shows, little bit of everything for everyone.
5	So much fun.  The prices for food and drink for one person are decent and the food was very good.  There was a lot of shopping, shows, and sights to see.  A very enjoyable day in Renaissance England.  "The play is the thing."
4	This was our first time here visiting Arizona.  Plenty of shows to see like jousting, juggling, fire eating, and music.  It's best to make a whole day out of it as there's lots to see and do.  Food is reasonably priced.  The games aren't free to play do bring some cash.  There's ATMs scattered about if you forget.  Definitely worth visiting at least once.
5	I can't help it. I LOVE the RenFest.Today was my third time there. I took my 12-yo son and a friend of his, and we met up with a friend and her son. We sent the boys off with some spending money and had a great day shopping and window-shopping. For lunch, we had fish & shrimp (me) and a turkey bone (her). The prices are still very reasonable. A bottle of water is just $2. For comparison, last time I bought a bottle of water was at a Harkin's and it was $6.Everyone at the RenFest is so nice, including visitors. We squeezed in with strangers at a shaded lunch table, chatted with the vendors, I flirted with a cute elf boy (hey, he let me play with his ears), and we watched all costumed performers and visitors. I wanted to get something different for my BF and found a cool, twisty candlestick holder at the blacksmith's. I treated myself to a bar of handmade soap and honey straws.We found the boys not once, but twice, watching the tomato-throwing and we all learned some new insults. We could have bought a few, but these were freely shouted out.Yeah, it's a little hot (I usually go on the last weekend when it can be really hot there) and it's dusty but it's just so much fun looking at all the medieval enthusiasts roaming around, drinking good beer (Guinness) for just $4, and some really amazing artisans. We were told to expect large crowds as it was King's (Presidents) Day and there were all these discounts, which we used. It didn't feel very crowded, though, probably because it's such a huge venue and like I said before, it's just such a friendly event. Even the ninjas were nice.
5	We have gone every year since we moved to AZ and it keeps getting better. Make sure you bring cash and know to come early. If you have little ones take wagons with. Make sure you try all the food and catch all the shows. It is dirty and lots of walking but it is an amazing experience.
4	I always have a great time. Huzzah !If you love the sun and happy people then this is the place for you.The price to enter is a little spendy but for a full day of fun and people watching it is worth it. I suggest this festival and all it has to offer.
4	This place never fails to amuse me. I can go out there (a drive, but worth it), get a beer and some greasy food and sit to watch all the people walk by all dressed up with fake accents and bowing to the "king" and "queen". Not to mention when we go on Pirate's weekend... then there's a whole new set of people to stare at!Food and drinks are a tad pricy, but it's a fair/festival, so that's to be expected. I paid $5 for an Ace Pear Cider and $4 for a slice of pizza. Tickets aren't cheap either but if you go to Fry's beforehand you can save a couple of bucks. Helps pay for your gas!
3	I remembered the good time I experienced here on our mandatory 6th grade field trip years ago, the jumping on trampolines, and the hand waxing and soldiers jousting tournaments. The nostalgia from years ago brought my friends and I back seeing if we can recreate new memories. Not surprisingly, it's a completely different experience as an adult.The Arizona Renaissance Festival is a cash cow. You just go there to spend money. That's it. Tickets are $20 at Fry's grocery, $21 online, and $22 at the venue. But if your not a kid, the only thing to do there as an adult is shop. And shop for what? Renaissance things that you can really only use or wear at the Renaissance festival (I'm pretty sure my golden elf ears and leather medieval corset are not apart of my work's dress code). So you spend money on useless Renaissance attire, you spend money on drinks, and on food, and games, and event. The Renaissance Festival is not cheap.Now if you have kids, it's justifiable. People throw down dough to keep their kids happy and entertained and the Arizona Renaissance Festival is perfect for that. But if your a 20+ year old with no kids and looking for a fun time, there are better options in Arizona that are cheaper and more fulfilling.
4	You'll find someone sporting pair of leather boots curled up at the toes a la tradition of Peter Pan, another lady in florally-decorated flip flops with sequined pink nail polish, yet another in adidas running shoes, and finally a blue-nailed abomination in Fit Flops (me).  Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the feet featured in the women's toilet stalls of the 2014 Arizona Renaissance Fair, where anything goes, including some of your clothing.Attending a Renaissance Fair has been on my bucket list since the days of yore, when I was an English major.  As the years progressed the yorish yearning became more of a need to see people out of touch with reality who liked to wear things that geographically-altered the position of their breasts.  Seeing two round globes where someone's neck should be is a sight to behold, and one everyone should witness at least once in her lifetime.The AZ Renaissance Fair is huge and goes on for a month and a half every weekend from February to March of each year in the town of Apache Junction, AZ.  The "fair" is actually a Disneyland suitable for adults and kids alike.  For $22 ($20, if tickets purchased in advance at Fry's.  Over 60 years old $3 off), there are continuous comedy and musical performances at various stages.  Not all entertainment are kiddie-friendly .  A ventriloquist told raunchy jokes and made suggestive comments, while a bagpipe group, the Tartanics - I'm not creative enough to make this name up, folks - kept talking about some striptease show later on.There are plenty of shops and vendors hawking incense, candles, pirate costumes, leather goods, your name written on a piece of rice, face painting, body henna-ing.  There are also plenty of amusements to entertain the kiddies - a jousting event, interesting rides, such as a massive rocking horse, bungee jumping, and even a petting zoo complete with a duck with a bouffant.  A quick glance at Wiki shows that the "Renaissance period" is technically from the 14th to 17th Centuries where art and culture experienced a revival that spread throughout Europe.  A long hard look at the folks at the Renaissance Festival reveals that many are not clear about what constitutes the "Renaissance period" - shops selling postcards of the Grand Canyon, women wearing Viking-type bustiers, a Johnny-Depp lookalike pirate, two teenagers dressed like Napleon Dynamite (from the movie of the 21st Century, not from the Napoleonic Wars of the 1800s), Goths wearing chain mail, a family dressed like Robin Hood and a merry band of somethings, another girl dressed like Tinkerbell - it's clear that anything goes here and often does.  Despite being a massive commercial endeavor, the Fair does a great job of keeping prices low.  Parking is free and very well organized.  Grog in the form of sodas, Seabreezes, Margaritas ,etc. - are plentiful, as well as sausage on a stick, baked goods, Greek/Mediterranean food, and Turkey legs as large as a baby's head.  The food was also reasonably-priced and tasty - our Gyro, which was generously seasoned and came with a lot of fresh veggies, was $6.  Most impressive were the employees of the fair, who constantly kept the space clean and people from "getting out of line".  A mobile "First Aid" guy with a flag was walking throughout the Fair, while another reminded people not to smoke in certain areas.  Even while on their lunch breaks, the Queen and her crew were in costume and in character, eating their Gyro platter and sausage on a stick  from silver plates and  wooden bowls.  A fun stop if you're in the area and have a stomach for heavy meat dishes and a touch of insanity.
5	There are lots of fun performances to entertain you here. I had a great time!
5	Turkey leg and jousting! Doesn't get any better! This event is my favorite to go to at the beginning of the year.  Go early (gates open at 10) to get a decent parking spot and to avoid the majority of the crowds.  By about 2:00pm, the park is getting full and you definitely notice more people.  Bring cash as most vendors don't take cards and the ATM fees are ridiculous.  Be prepared to spend a healthy chunk of change as a cup of beer runs $5, turkey leg $7.50, and the various other foods.  The shows are all amazing and the vendors are wonderful.  Go see glass blowing, candle making, and all other kinds of artisan crafts.  If you buy your ticket at Fry's ahead of time, it'll cost $20, which is $2 cheaper then buying at the gate.  Parking is free but be prepared to walk.  All in all, it's a wonderful way to spend a Saturday or Sunday, just be prepared for crowds and expect to make it an all day affair.  Definitely worth it!
3	Back again this year! My experience was 1000 times better, and really nothing has changed but I did notice a few things...Parking is so organized and efficient. Also, we forgot sunscreen so I stopped at the first merch booth to see if they had any for sale. They didn't, but they let us use as much as we needed from the sunscreen they had. That was a lifesaver.Shows and food were great as usual. I think the fact that we just had a big rain storm yesterday, so it wasn't nearly as dusty, hot or crowded, made for a vastly better experience. We really lucked out today.
4	The best people watching EVER!The Barely Balanced show and the whip cracking are great!I always get a beer and share a turkey leg (they are huge). It is a nice way to spend an afternoon, but i do suggest getting there as early as possible because traffic and the crowds can get crazy.Huzzah!
5	I took my kids there for the first time ages 15,11,10 and they loved it. Will take them back next year. They had a lot of thing for the kids to do. I was surprised I didn't feel it was to expensive.
1	We have always been a huge fan of the ren fair. But my family and I will not be attending until they stop having elephant rides. Elephants are intelligent animals that deserve better than being a "ride" or entertainment. Also when I kindly asked on their Facebook page I was blocked. Is that how you treat long time customers? Stop the elephants an you will again have myself and family attending again.
2	I use to LOVE coming here.  This year was a very different experience.  The food was pretty gross.  I ordered a shepards pie and the whole things was floating in grease.  Literally.  I had to dip my spoon in and scoop out most of it.  The meat on a stick was odd.  Pink chicken?  Hmmmm.  The beer for $4 was not outrageous.  I tried a glass(more like a 3 oz sample cup) of mead.  It was also $4 but tasted like cough syrup and threw it away.  Best to stick to beer here.  The shows were ok,  they push their dvds and t-shirts and "donations" onto you in the middle of the show so you can't leave without feeling like an a-hole.  They hold up big baskets for you to drop your $ in.  Felt like church all over again.  The shops were fun to go in and look at.  I bought a few things for future costumes.  It gets pretty busy in the afternoon so we left around 3pm.   I won't be back next year or any year after that for 1 reason.  They have elephant rides now.  The elephant is chained to a wheel thing and a-holes of all shapes and sizes can get on its back and get a nice domesticated ride.  I think it is cruel to keep them in such a tiny space for the entertainment of humans.  It is an accident waiting to happen, but hey...why worry about a big dumb elephant?  Its not like they have ever flown off the handle after years of abuse and killed people before...oh wait.....hope your kid isn't next
5	I've always wanted to go to a Renaissance Faire but have never made it to the one in our area but luckily it was going on during our visit to Phoenix.  Our AZ friends got coupons for BOGO admission so it was only $11 each to get in.  We watched the Ded Bob, Tortuga Twins (where our friend got pulled on stage), Hey, Nunnie, Nunnie and Wyld Men shows.  Quite entertaining although they all pushed for tips after.  We pooped out before the last Jousting show of the day which I would have liked to see.  We scoped out some of the shops and had a reasonably priced lunch but just people watching was the highlight.  Some people really get into it.  Whole families came dressed in period costumes.  I can see where it can get pricey if you have kids.  It was a good way to spend a day.
5	For the 2014 season, my husband and I went for the Time Traveler's theme on the 22nd and 23rd. In 2012 we went on Celtic weekend and in 2013, Wizards and Faeries weekend.There really isn't a difference between the themed weekends that I could tell. Just subtle things like more green people on Celtic weekend, more people wearing wings/robes on wizards weekend, and for his year we saw the occasional "Doctor". The themed weekends really just rely on the people who come.I went as "Bad Wolf" and my husband as Marty McFly, haha! I highly encourage you dress up and really get into it. Otherwise you'll just be walking around wishing you did! They provide a clothing shop by the front gate for rental costumes or you can go inside and visit the many clothing shops to buy some, which I might add, can be pricy! On the subject of prices, I can say that they are not totally outrageous.We went for the whole weekend (Saturday and Sunday), with 200 cash in hand and had about 30 bucks left over. That was pretty much eating and drinking constantly, playing tons of games, and coming home with awesome souvenirs.Very generous portions of food for $6 bucks a plate. About 4 alcoholic drinks per day, $6 bucks a pop. Like 4 water bottles, $2 bucks a pop. A couple of delicious desserts for about $14 bucks total. Husband played 3 games, some of them twice. Those were a range of prices starting at $3 bucks. Then we got a fur tail for me because I collect them every year, some garlic seasoning (best I've ever had), and a stone ring for my husband. Oh, I also got a lovely real flower crown.But let me state, that you absolutely do not need to spend lots of money to have fun here. If you go for the day, you could easily spend just 40 bucks for 2 people and maybe 10 bucks for every other person. Kids usually get all the attention and a bunch of free stuff from what I've noticed, so they'll definitely have fun.How to prepare for all this fun is another thing.Wear comfortable clothing and shoes with some sunblock! If you do dress up, just make sure it's flowy.There's a car cue line that happens on the 60 before it even opens. I recommend get in line early so you'll have the full benefit of 10am - 6pm of fun!If possible, stay in a near by hotel. We did this year for the first time and it was heaven knowing that we didn't have to drive 2 hours  to get to a bed! But book early! The hotels fill up fast for the ren faire.Have lots of cash on hand, hardly anyone takes cards and there are ATMs all around to help you out.The shows have different times all through out the day, the later the time equals the raunchier and more adult aimed. This is because usually families with kids leave before closing time.Prepare for heckles, insults, and laughter. The workers get really into character, don't take it to heart, enjoy! Heckle back! I had my hand in my husband's back pocket and one of the characters called me a whore and a disgrace and to respect the fact there are children around! Haha! To be honest, that year I had a raunchy outfit on. But I laughed it off and told that old man to get with the times! He laughed and told me to run along. It's really all fun and joy. I highly recommend you go. Tickets at Fry's for super cheap. Everything is an amazing experience.
5	So sad, Ren Faire is almost over. I swear walking up and down the walkways, I felt like a podling in The Dark Crystal during the podling dance scene. Think medieval instruments and people in period costumes, the smell of roasted turkey legs in the air, and a cold beer in your hand. They even have hot mead! I was almost tempted to rent a costume on my way in but I already had a cloak so I settled with what I had, but don't let your shyness stop you! In fact, you might feel like the odd one out if you decide to come dressed in your futuristic clothing. Try the brownie sundae, it's to die for. So much to see and do but be sure not to miss the jousting tournament! Pick up a schedule on your way in. I don't think they do the discount with a period costume anymore, otherwise I would have shown up in a Star Trek uniform. Hey, it's a period right? I saw no one in stocks, but they did have tomato throwing.  I am a Renaissance woman. This is a Renaissance Faire. We are a perfect fit!
4	If you have never been, it is a MUST!  Silly accents, expensive food, and free shows - Lots of fun!  My favorites are the falconry show and of course, Ded Bob.The pleasure feast is not worth it,  sadly :-(  We've been a couple of years and have decided we won't try it again.  The food is decent, but there is so much else to eat in the main festival.  The entertainment is mostly.... terrible.  Old jokes, bathroom humor, mediocre music.  Oh, and the service is grumpy.  This last year, however, there was a bagpipe and some belly dancers that were cool.So we'll be back next spring!  Huzzah!
5	worth the trip and $
4	We just went to see the Ferris Wheel how cool for the kids...........it was very very busy and yes i agree with others its a typical store.........but i have never seen one with a Ferris Wheel inside.......its worth a look whether its for you or the kids.
5	I've been attending the Ren Faire now for 20 years. We have a great time every time we go. We've made some great friends over the years and that is one of the best things to do at the faire. Be sure to talk to the merchants and ask where they are from. Many come from all over. They are happy to talk with you or cajole with you. That's what makes the Faire fabulous. Be a part of the Faire by coming in costume. It makes it more fun for everyone. Get a picture with the Green Man. Go and listen to Cast In Bronze-- The traveling Carillion. Be sure to allot plenty of time to see the many entertainers and artisans. From glass blowing to making a wax hand. Have a chocolate covered strawberry or and Italian Ice. There is something for everyone's taste buds. Be sure to ride the camel and go down the dragon slide. You will be treated to a great show and sights at every turn. Come at opening and stay till close. And Parking is FREE. Leaving is not so bad. Just be patient and it moves well. This is a place to come and enjoy the sounds, the smells. To laugh alot and live it up ---- a little! Enjoy the AZ Renaissance Faire 2015-- I'll be there!!!
