5	Awesome looking shop. Employees are super helpful and friendly. Very informated and answered all my questions. Most definitely coming back!
5	Best Vape shop in Vegas and not far from the strip. Top notch service and overall great atmosphere! Won't got anywhere else while I'm in town!
5	This vape shop completely has that wow factor! From the artwork, the live DJs, the very personable & knowledgeable employees, & their variety of products.... They have it all! Love the whole set-up of the store. Not to mention, they have the sickest wraps for your mods. I'm new to vaping, and they walked me through from start to finish, which helped me out so much. They were patient and took their time to help me out. I wouldn't go anywhere else! Best Vape shop in Las Vegas!
5	Due to mutual friends and associates I was made aware of House of Vape's as well as their grand opening on a lot shorter notice then i would have liked. Same day i already dedicated a large portion of time for the New Vista Wine walk. Anyway i already bought my kit (Joyetech eVic) from a rival vendor just because they were at the right place at the right time. Very hard to pinpoint who has a better deal because the price of a new in box eVic doesn't include the other assemblies you need or the price of juices. The other vendor hasn't opened their shop yet and i was in dire need of a replacement atomizer for my Vivi Nova. So i came in and was greeted and assisted by John. Bad news first they didnt carry parts for the Vivi Nova tank assemblies which i was sold from the other guys and was on the verge of being burnt out. They introduced me to a different tank system and assembly unit that's a bit more efficient. *UPDATE*The new tank and atomizer combo they sold me is A LOT more efficient now that i've taken out for a day's worth of useage. I can amp up the voltage a lot higher and hit a lot longer (over 5 seconds) without risk of getting a burnt taste. Also at 3.5v (my average) i have around 700+ hits before replacement and at 3.4v over a thousand hits. the Vivi-Nova was only rated for around 300 hits at 3.5v. Also it soaks up considerably less juice then the Vivi-Nova as well. Damn glad i listened to John and got the change!*/UPDATE*John did a great job showing me the in's and outs' of this new tank assembly and showed me step by step how to prime, fill, and begin vaping with this new assembly (dont know it's name or brand). He also answered any questions i happen to have and gave an honest opinion on everything as well as recommend flavors. One star knocked down for not quite having that much of a selection of juices. They have enough as a starter but they lack customization as they dont blend in house but are a reseller for other juice producers. But in the end i walked out with a revised looking clear, chrome, and black eVic kit with some blended flavors that were close to what i wanted: 0mg nicotine / 0% PG to 100% VG ratio. On the flip side i am VERY impressed with they way they handle how to sample flavors. Essentially every flavor is labeled and has it's own tank/atomizer unit so all you need is a power source and a mouth piece.At the moment they're fresh and brand spanking new and so far (at least in my opinion) doing a hell of a job considering there's no advertising but word of mouth. In the future i'd love to see customizable juices or at least say...a member's reward punch card or something, buy x amount of juice refills and get one free or a replacement atomizer punch card with the same concept as the juice refills. Oh and toward the end John left to tend to some other clients and Jim took over the checkout part and let me know about their instagram page where they'll announce deals and specials. Yelp 100 - 026 of 100
5	I have been to most of the Vape shops in Las Vegas and by far HOV got 2 thumbs up from me,Very Helpful,Prices are Very Good and most of all a Great Team working there !!!! Thanx Guys ,if you live far in NW like i do, it is well worth the drive ,they have everything you need and then some ,for beginners to advanced users.
5	Nice clean shop, chill environment, welcoming staff. They knw what they're doing and will be more than happy to help you out and answer any questions.
1	I read all the other reviews and I did not get the same service that everyone else got. I walked in yesterday hoping that I would get the help that I needed to get started. I stood in the front counter waiting for someone to help me. When finally I get a " can I help you " I told this person that I wanted to know what I needed to get started and what should I purchase just to get me going. He pointed that two items " this one and this one " then started talking to one of his friends that walked into the shop. I was shocked I came in expecting to buy a kit but after that there is no way I'm going to spend my money here. I went to Pink Spot Vapors now that's the place that know how to treat new and old customers.
5	I came to this place with my cousin and her boyfriend.  They said that this was their fave vape shop and since I was new to this whole concept and fascinated by this vape revolution, I was excited to check this new place out.  I have been to this shop twice--once to gather information regarding pricing and what was needed to get started and the second time to purchase my first vape.  The employees were very helpful on both occassions and didn't judge me when I was asking all my random questions. I got an estimate of everything that I needed and when I came back, I was ready to purchase.  I really wanted a hot pink battery but since they only had baby pink, I was shown a hot pink wrap which I immediately fell in love with.  I was able to customize my vape to how I wanted it and am super happy with my purchase.  They offer a variety of flavors of juice and a variety of nicotine amounts.  You can sample the flavors as well while you're in there.  I went with the Doc Holliday (mango and guava flavor) juice with 0mg nicotine.  The employee who helped me assembled everything for me and also taught me how to change the cartomizer on my own.  He was very patient with me and assured me that if I had any questions or concerns that I would be welcome back for them to help me.  I will definitely go back there again for more juices and would recommend everyone to check this shop out!
4	The only reason I gave House of Vape 4 stars is because I was hoping they would have a wider selection of wraps and battery colors to customize my vape. Unfortunately, they seemed to be out of a lot of things which was a little disappointing. Also this place is kind of difficult to find. They need a bigger sign lol. Otherwise I had a great experience here. Everyone is really cool and very knowledgable about everything and willing to help. They are very patient with beginners which I appreciated. They have cool drawings on the wall of various hip hop icons ^_^ I will refer all of my friends interested in vaping to come here.
5	I have to say that this is the best vape shop in Vegas! The vibe that you get from the moment you walk is different from the other shops i've been to. Theres a pool table, a dj booth with good music, and a comfy couch to sit on while vaping. I was debating whether I should get one and I came in to just inquire about it. No one forced me to buy anything and understood me and answered all my questions. I was impressed and decided to buy one. The guy who helped me out was very helpful. He taught me how to set up my vape and was very patient knowing I was new to this.I can tell that they are really loyal to their customers and want people to actually quit smoking. Usually, vape shops i've been to carry cigarettes/cigars, but whats the whole point of getting a vape when the whole point is to quit smoking? Anyway, overall experience, two thumbs up! Check them out!
5	I'm not really a review person but this place impressed me enough to write one. My mom is a heavy smoker & I heard about House of Vape from a coworker so i took her there to get some info. We ended up leaving with a starter kit with my mom very excited to attempt quitting cigarettes! The staff was patient when she asked a million questions and they were very knowledgable. I love that they are willing to work with her in the future to get her habit down. I don't agree with the reviews about the bad customer service and bad atmosphere. I had my 2 year old with me and there were no problems like the other review. He was very entertained with the music with the live DJ! I loved that it was a laid back lounge-ish feel and not so retail-ish where you're so pressured to just buy stuff and get out. Bottom line is that I know my mom will be back here for all her future product needs and I will be referring other smokers here as well!
5	HOV was recommended to me by a co-worker. I was pleased with the knowledge and the fair prices. LOVE THIS PLACE!!! No cheap disposable junk here!
5	Been to 4 vape shops in town, best service and best help I've received and best staffed.  Not much of a wait.  Peter was extremely helpful.  Definitely recommending this place to others and will definitely be back for more flavors and upgrades. Only thibg I didn't like was they didn't have a restroom lol
1	Prices seemed reasonable [notice I didn't say good], staff was friendly, but not very helpful. I mean it's clear that sales outweighed their desire to inform customers. I felt slighted after they sold me a set up that they pretty much walked me through putting together. They didn't explain the marginal price differences and it lead to a waste. I was sold a tank that continuously leaked or had some crappy seal... bought 3 bottles of juices that ended up being spilled more than vaporized because of this shit tank. I live a state away, so nothing reasonable to do about it. It would've been nice to be informed that 5$ more on a better tank could've saved me over 20$ in spilled juices. I will not forget the sales pitch when he picked up the tank and suggested we purchase it, "you can't go wrong with this one!". That was a good line... sold me on it.What they do here is great and all, but the low rating is because there are many other vape stores [which I realized too late] which offer superior service and less bull...Also, I'm not sure if its because they don't have their minds on straight or they were too busy to greet... but, I walked in at least a minute before my GF did, and that's when we were greeted. Can't blame 'em I guess, I like her more than me too, but I'm holding the wallet...
5	Both times I've Been here the staff has been extremely helpful and friendly.  I thought i already wrote a review from last time but i dont see it on here so i will try again.  I believe it was Peter that helped me out.  I prefer this vape shop over all so far and ive been to quite a few between here and henderson.  Best juice/liquid I've had and the staff is more than helpful with helping out and answering any of my noob questions.  5 stars.  I live in henderson and its well worth the drive.
5	came in to get a battery for my evic vape and ken and randy were the best workers in any vape shop I've been in around Vegas. very informative and super cool guys. house of vape is the shit!!!!!!
5	I forgot his name... I think it was Jerrick or something of that nature, but he was amazing! My fiance and I are new to vaping and walked in without a clue, but the associate was so accomodating, knowledgable, and patient with us. He walked us through everything and it was completely painless. I thought I was going to feel like an idiot, but he was so friendly and helpful! I absolutely recommend this place especially if your a newbie. We got 2 and only spent $150. They have a large variety of flavors too! I will absolutely be coming back!
5	Stopped by on my trip from Cali. Good to find a Vape store in Vegas with good service, prices and selection. I went to about 7 different shops on my trip and this was by far the best.
5	Service was great.  The guys were very helpful to my friend that just started vaping. Lemon Headz and Aloha Punch were added to my ever growing stock of juice.
5	They had vape, good service, even helped me add menthol. If you're yelping places to get some vape gear and you're tossing between YOSI VAPES or HOUSE OF VAPES. DO NOT GO TO YOSIGO to House of Vapes, better atmosphere, better people (more people) more juices, more help. Everything about them is just good.
5	Good prices, decent service. They could work on being a little bit more friendly and helpful but overall I am satisfied with my purchases!
3	The BF and I made a stop here to try out their juice flavors after we got ourselves a unit elsewhere. The inside is definitely cool and urban. You walk in and theres a pool table, hip urban art and theres a DJ setup even. The counter area is more compact and is more of a standing service type thing instead of sitdown like some places. We tried a few flavors and some were decent, but I didn't find anything I was sold on after a few. I wanted to try more since they had a few companies they carried of pre mixed juices, but I kinda got the gist the BF was not feeling this place so we left. I don't know what that was about, but basically everyone else in there was staring at us. Most people there were just hanging out, not actually there browsing merchandise. I think it's cool people can have a comfy place to chill and vape, but it felt like a regulars only thing and others are seen as like "who the hell are you?" They seem to have quality products, just maybe intimidating for a newbie.
5	Cool people, great atmosphere.. what else can I say!!! ;)
5	House of vape is awesome! I totally recommend! If you are looking for a good juice, try the California blues! My favorite by far, and I have tried a lot of different ones. The people who work there are super friendly. There is a pool table if you want to chill and vape too! Love this place. You guys are great!!
3	I've been here a few times. Before i started vaping and recently to get some flavor.HoV was the 3rd shop i've ever been to. I arrived in the parking lot asking myself "am i in the right area?" The surrounding shops look just a tad bit old, and a vape shop would be the last thing that i would think to see. For me that is. I first walked in and there's a pool table where a couple guys were playing, had to wait as i didn't want to get in the way of someone's concentration. I find it nice to have a pool table. I proceeded to the showcases.Hip music was playing and there were about 5 people huddling around the showcases, a few were testing flavors and the others were asking questions about a few devices, and maybe 3 or 4 people sitting on the couches. I was helped soon after some people left. As I didn't even have a vape device yet, and i was new and still grasping some information, i asked what would be the best starting kit. The person who answered my questions was patient and friendly and honest. If i remember correctly he pointed out a starter kit with a flavor would come out to 70 to 80 dollars, i found that quite high and decided to look elsewhere for a kit. I did kind of feel out of place there as everyone but me and a couple other people were acquainted and friends.This was just my first experience here. Couple other more recent times i've stopped by were still just ok, I stopped by before maybe 2 weeks ago to look for rba's specifically a nimbus or igo-w to upgrade from my igo-l i had recently bought. They didn't have any in stock so again, i looked elsewhere. I came back another time just for flavors, which was recent. I was and still am a menthol lover. so i ended up buying cheshire for i believe either 10 or 12 dollars i don't remember, but it's average pricing.Overall the service can be good, the people who helped me were patient and friendly, they do tend to leave and do something else though, until i ask again or someone else, but other than that, it's ok.
4	I discovered this place on Yelp. It is the number one vape shop on the list in Vegas (says Yelp) so I went here. The place looks kinda sketchy at first and we were shy to go inside because it's all guys inside and we were girls. But we felt comfortable after awhile. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The guy who explained how to set up the vape was very helpful. He's awesome, I liked him. My only con in this place is that the music is so loud. I didn't really much hear what the guy had to say. But overall, this place is dope! Awesome! 'Will definitely come back when I visit Vegas!
5	Visiting Nevada for my first time I yelped and found this place everyone was really nice and helpful Peter helped us I didn't feel weird asking to try different flavors and he also just brought over suggestions he was very helpful made me comfortable since this was my first time in a vape shop it actually helped me make a decision on what to buy other shops were not helpful and just wanted your money I recommend to everyone they have a huge selection at a  great price when I visit from Florida I will be back!!!!
2	Went to HOV to look at their starter kits. I asked to see their starter kits and they said they didn't carry starter kits.  Huh?. So since I was there I checked out their "inventory". They only sold one type of MOD, the egoC twist. The guy that showed me the unit was pretty cool, and put together a unit for me. It was about 80.00 bucks. After coming home and checking out the prices online for what I received, I kinda felt ripped off. Their prices were 50% more for the "pieces" compared to what I would have gotten online for the same thing. While I was there, they played that hip hop garbage at a loud volume, which many people don't want to listen to, or be subjected to. I went to the Vapery on north Rainbow, and they had the same starter kits that I saw online for 79.95, and you get TWO - 1000maH ego C twist batteries in the kit, along with many accessories, including 5 cartomizers and a carrying case. Since you can't return your hardware, I was stuck with my purchase from HOV. Going forward, I will take my money to the Vapery. Their staff is terrific, and they let you sample any or all of their juices, in a clean and quiet atmosphere. If you buy 3 juices, you get the 4th one free. Sorry HOV, but comparing the two shops, I speculate you won't be in business very long. It would help your shop a lot if you would go to the Vapery to see how a professional Vape shop is suppose to be run, and mirror their operation.
5	I went to HOV for the first time and thanks to Randy for helping me gain some knowledge on my first vape! Dont be fooled by the shopping center-- this store is a true gem! When I first walked in, I was awed by the great decor of artwork hanging on the walls. There is also a pool table in the front and nice lounge area inside.Everyone who worked there were very friendly and very helpful.  They explain every piece that you are buying (if this is your first time). They're also great at suggesting which color, shape, etc.  I ended up leaving with my new vape and two juices.  FYI- for the non smokers out there, they have basically all the juices with zero nicotine in them.  Great flavors!Will definitely be back again, they are very welcoming!
5	Great place and great service.  After getting my initial set up I went in there a bunch of times to change parts in my vape. They were always friendly about it. Thanks guys.
4	An urban looking shop with a pool table upon entering, a DJ set up and a sofa this place is pretty cool lookin internally. We were helped out by a very informative staff who answered all of our inexperienced questions. All kinds of accessories and juices which you can sample.
5	Had a great experience, quick service and tips for maximizing the use of my vape! Best place in Las Vegas to grab flavor, Cardos, or your basic builds !
5	Amazing service, crazy knowledgable. Ken and Randy gave me all the info I asked for and more. Super chill atmosphere as well. I definitely recommended this spot for beginners and seasoned vapers alike.
1	I went into HOV the other day looking for magnets for my Nemesis and stood there for about five minutes without anyone greeting me or asking if I needed help, however when a man walked in a couple minutes later he was immediately greeted and helped. I'm not sure if I wasn't assisted because I am a woman, or what...but one thing is for sure I will not be returning. Plus their inventory was very minimal so they probably didn't have what I was looking for anyways. Very disappointed in their customer service.
4	I picked the wrong time to go to HOV.  Their AC was busted and it was hotter than Hades.  The guy who waited on me said they'd been waiting a week for a part.  Lucky me!  The only saving grace was that I was the only customer, so there was no excess body heat to ramp up the soaring temps, and I didn't have to wait to get waited on.Chris, I think his name was, was very good in explaining everything about the vape equipment I was about to buy in my never-ending quest to end the filthy vice.  He let me try whatever flavor I chose, but I was a little disappointed that there was nothing UNflavored.  I tend to like my tobacco, my coffee and, er, my men straight. :)  I finally settled on Churros and Ice Cream, spent my $65, and hightailed it out of there as fast as my short legs could carry me to the merciful coolness of my car.Good service, nice environment if they get that AC fixed, hard-to-find location in a dingy strip mall
2	I went to the location listed and it's completely empty. Did it close or relocate? I'm pretty bummed tho cause it has a lot of good reviews and I was excited to see what kind of upgrades they had.
1	I think this place is closed. Just went by there and doors were locked and place was empty.
