4	Stayed here multiple time over the last year.  Totally agree with Mysterious Q on everything.  Glad they have a treadmill so I can get a decent workout.  There is this front desk girl named Aida that's always there when I check in.  Always has a smile and is very courteous each time I come there.  Never had a problem yet.  I tried the breakfast once (the hot food was "eh") and you're better off driving to Denny's for some cheap eats.  If you get upgraded to a suite, kudos to you.  Those rooms are even nicer (didn't need the kitchen, but liked the separate sleeping room and living room).
4	Cheapest rate on the Hilton website at $67 a night booked the night before of my arrival made this place a winner.  Given that I wasn't renting a car and that it was pretty much a place to crash, the price and location was perfect.  The 24/7 complimentary shuttle from the airport was very prompt, and it will also drive you anywhere within a 5 mile radius.I've been to many Hamptons, and this is an outdoor one.  It is debatable whether it's a good or a bad thing, because of the heat.  On the particular day I was there (June 24th) it was the hottest day of the year at 112 degrees.I was upgraded to a suite with a full kitchen.  The beds are reminiscent of the Suite Dreams bed at Embassy, and I wouldn't be surprised if it's the same.  Oh, and my room had a walk in closet.  A WALK IN CLOSET!The staff was really friendly and nice.  Even the shuttle drivers were personable that I made conversation on my ride to/from the airport.gripes:-the TV had really bad reception... -the dishwasher was missing the silverware basket.-I was put in the furthest room possible... which was nice cause it was a suite, but I had to walk in the heat.
2	I travel a lot for business and usually stay in Hampton Inns.  This one less than impressed me.  First and foremost, it is a 'motel'.  The door to the rooms open to the outside, which is not typical of a Hampton Inn. I was concerned to stay in such a hotel at first since I am a woman traveling alone.  The area is ok, and the hotel area seems to be pretty safe and well lit. The lobby and pool area are very pretty, but again...the doors open to the outside so when I was positioned right near the pool, I could hear everything that went on.  The bed was standard Hampton Inn bed (comfy) but the room was small.  My biggest complaint, by far, is how bad the noise carries.  I'm still sitting in the room and I can hear the entire conversation going on next door...I can make out every single word.  Additionally, I can hear the person upstairs.  Their sound insulation is terrible.  There is a gap around my door (and remember, it opens to the outside) so can hear everything that goes on outside, too.  They've done a nice job of spiffying it up, but I did not find it to be appropriate for a business traveler.
1	I agree with Erin. The noise is horrible and my bedroom faces the road and the adult toy store across the street. I've been waking up to rush hour traffic every morning and sporadically throughout the night to the person walking above me. Almost no noise insulation.
2	Small rooms, recently updated, make for a comfortable stay. Downtown Scottsdale is a five minute drive. Many sprig training ballparks are an easy drive as well. Friendly staff nice outdoor breakfast area. Be careful of approaching and departing plane noise from Sky Harbor airport. Walls have no insulation. Noise carries easily between rooms. Disappointing stay for a Hilton Diamond member.
4	This was the perfect choice for three friends and me to stay during our 2011 Cactus League trip. The location is great, you're right down the street from the 202, so it's about 5 minutes to the airport. It is also very close to Phoenix Muni and Scottsdale Stadium. Downtown Scottsdale is 2 miles straight up the same street. Yes, if you have a room on the side that faces Scottsdale Road, the traffic can be heard but that did not bother me. Yes, there is an adult bookstore across the street. But if you have ever seen much of Phoenix, you know that there seems to be no zoning there and you'll have weird things like that in random places. In the morning from 6-10 they put out a bunch of free food and beverages in the eating area near the check in desk. It was a nice way to start off each day before heading out to the baseball games.Check in was quite possibly the fastest check in I have ever experienced anywhere. We needed an extra blanket and one was brought up right away. The same thing can be said for the following night when we requested a roll-away bed. For about $110 a night during spring training, this place was exactly what we needed. I will look to stay here again next year if the price is the same.
4	Yay! No bedbugs!!Attended a wedding for my daughter and new son-in-law at the end of April and drove from Phoenix to find a place closer to the Desert Botannical Gardens. This lovely hotel is only about 10 minutes from the Gardens and has a free shuttle that will pick you up and drop you off.What made us decide to stay there was the service we recieved when we dropped in for info. We asked the young lady at the desk if we could see a couple of rooms because we would be there for a wedding in a couple of months and even though she could not get away, she asked someone else to show us.He did, the rooms were clean and smartly decorated and they have a free breakfast every morning which my husband loved! We ended up staying there for four nights in a room with a small suite and yes, even though it's on a busy street and faces a strip mall, you are NOT going to sleep with your windows open in the evening nor are you going to leave the curtains open during the day, so don't worry about the local scenery.You are only 10 minutes from AZU and there are lots of little places to eat at in the neighborhood. The best part is that there is a 7-11 next door and you know that everything you need (almost) can be found there.Every morning we awoke to a wonderful breakfast in the clean dining room/gorgeous patio area w/a big screen tv, lots of fresh hot coffee and killer do-it-yourself waffles. The staff, although young were very helpful and friendly and I think I counted three small pools. Beds were comfy and clean and the pillows were generously fluffy.There is also a small computer area if you feel the need to do business....all in all, a very nice place to spend a few days and it didn't kill the wallet. :oD
3	Cool Hampton, nice and clean and good staff.
4	We stayed here 2 weekends in a row, and were really happy with our room.  The bed was nice, the little kitchenette was great, and overall service and quality were above what we were expecting for the location and price.Cons:  Could be a little noisy.  No interior hallways, but this seems to be par for the course in the Southwest unless you are more upscale/better location.Pro:  Great service, and great price.
2	Really didn't care for this place the rooms were old, the breafast was cold and frozen, front desk was rude your best bet is to pay a bit more and go to the other Hampton inn and suites that's up the road
5	Short, simple and to the point: friendly service at the front desk, nice clean room, working TV (a must) and close to everywhere we needed to go. The rates were good as well. Can't beat that!
2	Loudest A/C unit ever!! Loudest people by the pool at midnight. And only 1 treadmill in the gym worked. Not impressed, but my room was clean(despite my do not disturb sign being left on the door).
2	This was nothing like the other Hampton Inn's we've previously stayed in.  They were nice properties. This Hampton Inn was in a uninviting neighborhood where we did not feel safe walking to any restaurant nearby. The room was very small but it was clean. We were kept up with the noise from the squeaky door of the room next door & the person walking in the room above us.  The air conditioning unit was a wall mounted unit that was very loud.  The rat traps were visible around the property which was a bit unsettling. The staff was not the friendly staff we have experienced at other Hampton Inns. One staff member was texting while leaning against the wall where the breakfast was available & someone had to ask for more coffee. Not a Hampton Inn we will recommend. Very overpriced for what they offered.
2	Yes I have stayed in better. Did I ever feel unsafe? No. Were there noises at night yes. I could hear one person next door snoring and on the other side the lady talking up a storm. The a/c unit was loud and it did keep me up. The best part was a clean room! The breakfast this morning was not the best. I threw away the eggs and potatoes. They were not fit to eat. I don't think I would ever stay here again.
5	This hotel is now called the RED LION INN & SUITES. I can't say much about staying here but I rented the conference room for a private event. The staff was SUPER attentive to our needs and the room was perfect for my event. It's basically an empty room. They allow your own caterers, allowed us to decorate the room the night before and we basically had the room the whole day!! Parking is not a problem and it's very close to ASU.
4	My family & I have a wonderful time staying at Red Lion Inn & Suites on 08/27/13.  Check in was so fast & friendly. The Clerk was very nice & helpful. He told me I have an automatic upgrade to a full suite with kitchen. He shows me actually where my room is on the map, which is 25 steps away. I park my car right under my room. I can see my car from my room. The staff are very friendly. Breakfast in the morning is ok. The most fancy thing my niece & nephew love is the pancake. Everything else is just regular continental breakfast.The room was very clean, beds are clean & pillows very comfortable.  The kitchen is very clean & the fridge is huge.  It is very nice to have the kitchen we went to Fry supermarket & brought corns to cook & green grapes to washed in the sink.  The pool was small & kinna dirty. The room is quiet.  We will return to Red Lion Inn & Suites if we return to the area.
