4	I usually stop in here when I go to Bookman's - they are next door neighbors. Atomic Comics always has neat stuff to look at, even if you don't know a whole lot about comics (like me). They usually have neat and fun anime, manga, posters and toys. I even own a sword or two from here.
4	Ok, people of Mesa, I have a question for you:Why do you have only 1 review for such an awesome comic book store? Huh? Do you know what I'd give to have something like this where I'm from? Oops, those are questions i.e. plural.Here I am, on vacation in the metro Phoenix area, in a comic book store that's 8 times the size of the one I normally visit. Compared to Atomic Comics, the comic store I normally go to is a broom closet Harry Potter would hate to call "home."Comic books, current and back issue, comic book related shirts, poster and statues, Magic the Gathering cards, action figures and many many many other things that took me a long time to peruse and explore. Several staff members asked me if I was finding everything okay, but didn't hover like I was being watched. I like that a lot.I told the people who worked at AC that we don't have comic book stores this size back home. They were shocked and appalled.Dear metro Phoenix area, please drop by this place and send them your love. I did, and I'm not from here. We don't have these back home. So do your part, please? -evil grin-
2	I've heard so many good things about Atomic Comics and wanted to experience it for myself.  I visited on a Sunday at 5pm and they were closed even though closing time online and on the store door said 7pm. The staff inside didn't even acknowledge me. Instead, they walked over to the door to make sure it was locked.  I was so disappointed. Not just because I wasted my gas, but because it looked awesome peering in from the outside :(
5	What can I say? I've been coming here for the last six years so that should tell you something. Atomic is a great comic shop. They have everything you need as far as your comic needs go, the only thing I would say they lack is in the comic themed clothing but this is a minor problem. The staff is and has always been top notch and very quick to call their other stores to find anything they are out of.
1	Loved Atomic Comics before they moved to this location, hated them not long afterward.Everything that made them great--personable service, a wide selection of local comics, employees who weren't socially inept--flew out the window with the larger, brighter store. Oh, right, and then there was that whole "knowingly selling illegal copies of DVDs" thing.
