1	I would not rent a canoe, kayak, or any type of boating device  from heathery is four people behind the counter and none of them are doing anything nor can work the cash register. They will search your cooler for beer, and follow you to your car to make sure you take it all out and they go through any bags you have with checking for alcohol.  If you don't have your driver's licenses they wont rent a canoe for collateral.
4	This review is for the "cafe" portion. Pretty cool spot for super cheap $2.00/cup french press coffee. I love the deck they built, which overlooks the bay. I stopped by for a leisurely morning coffee with my bf on Sunday morning and had a lovely time. They are just starting to offer classes on paddle board yoga, kayak etc - I can't wait to sign up for the moonlight paddle series!
5	My son and I spent a wonderful morning here in the summer. We rented a canoe for an hour for $12, then sat at the cafe and drank cheap french press coffee while using the free wifi, playing free foosball, and enjoying the view of the lake. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the boating was fun, and the coffee was good. What more could you ask for? We will definitely be returning.
5	I've taken the family to Brittingham boats a bunch of times now.  They have a good assortment of kayaks, stand up paddleboards, canoes, and watercraft.  What I like about this spot is there is the option to stay on the calmer Monona Bay or you can venture out as far as you want into Lake Monona.  So you get the best of both worlds.  The staff is always very friendly and relaxed.  And they have a nice outdoor deck area with plenty of seating, games, and free wifi.  I know the business does a lot to try and keep the lakes clean.  And it's nice to see someone come in and try to revitalize what was once just a rundown park shelter.  Keep up the good work.
5	This is our second year with a couples membership at Brittingham. They have SUP, single and double kayaks, canoes and paddleboats. With membership, you check in, choose your paddle or oar and head to the landing. The team is waiting there to help you in the water. It's one of the best deals in town, too.We love SUP and took a couple lessons at Rutabega. After Rutabega became a little annoying to deal with (renting us a board without a fin and not being willing to swap it, requiring renters to wear shoes - really?), we decided to check out Brittingham. The rental options are affordable and plentiful here at B-ham. The staff are friendly and laid back. They are always willing to give you a couple quick pointers on your way out and answer any questions you have.They also have a great patio with nice seating. I haven't tried it yet, but they offer gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches which sound great! They also have ice cream, sodas and French press coffee. I love to chill on their patio after paddling. Stephan Reinke, the owner, is almost always here. He has a great demeanor and deals well with the customers. He's very accommodating and wants everyone to have a good time. Also, it is GREAT what this business has done to clean up what was once a scary park in town. What a great asset to this neighborhood and the entire city.
5	This is our second summer as members here, and it's one of our favorite places to spend a summer afternoon.  (Membership is not required, they also do regular rentals. In fact, memberships sold out really fast this year).  They have stand up paddleboards (SUP), canoes, kayaks, and even a couple of paddleboats.  Monona Bay is a perfect place to get started, and you can venture out to Lake Monona if you want.  They also have various events: SUP yoga, lessons, even races on Thursday nights.After paddling, it's nice to chill on the patio for a while with a (non-alcoholic, City rules) beverage or a snack.  The staff is super helpful and fun.  The whole place has a great, energetic vibe about it.  Brittingham Boats has also brought a very positive kind of traffic to this city park, which had been a big blighted in the past.
4	I went paddleboarding here for the first time yesterday and it was an incredible amount of fun. The staff are great and very friendly. The paddleboard was $16 for the entire time (~2 hours) but I think they might charge you by the hour when it's busier.They accept credit cards which was appreciated and only one member of the group had to show an ID. We had free reign of the lake and went all the way over to the Terrace. You get to see views of the Capitol that you'll never get from the road. Highly recommended!I fell in a couple of times after mooning people on the Terrace but, hey, that's life.If you haven't gone paddleboarding before and have any anxiety - get over it and try these guys out - you won't regret it. Well, you might regret it, but that probably is indicative of a larger problem with your overall life outlook.
3	The people who work here are totally clueless and unorganized. I have been down several times and put on a wait list where we waited for an hour and then realized we were accidentally "skipped". We asked where we should wait and the guy working had no idea, he just said he would find us. He didn't. The people working here are all college-age and although friendly, totally clueless. Once we got out on the lake, it's awesome! Not bad prices, either.
5	Brittingham boats is an awesome place to spend a sunny afternoon. I went paddle boarding there for the first time yesterday and had a total blast. The staff here are friendly and patient. They took the time to explain to me how to get started with the paddle board and made sure I got a really stable board for my first time. They are dog friendly and have a lots of seating options in shade and sun. They serve several different kinds of grilled cheese and offer other snack foods and drinks as well.
5	Hurry! You only have a few weeks left to spend an awesome afternoon on the water via kayak or SUP.The staff here is sooo nice.  Really enjoyed just talking to the interesting people who work there. If you stay out for a little over an hour most places would charge you for two but Brittingham let's you get off the hook with one.You can play it safe and drift around in Monona Bay or you can go into the actual lake. Stand up paddle boarding or kayaking (tandem or single) are perfect ways to enjoy the lake without having to splurge on an expensive motor boat rental. you'll also get a bit of a workout without overly extend in yourself!They also apparently have SUP yoga which I really, really want to try. $30 seems a little much but I guess you are paying for the rental and the yoga instruction. Will definitely have to try next summer!
