4	This is a great place to watch them Vegas women work their magic.  I usually head up to the bar and put $20 in the video poker and your drinks will be free.  Amazing enough I always seem to win about $50 bones.  These gals are easy to spot, you may think they are with someone but the constant looking at the cell phone is the tell tale sign.  If you stay long enough you will see them leave and return 20min later.  If you talk to them you'll find they are in all sorts of different professions like intellectual property(that was a funny one) but they are all in the companionship business at night.  LOL!!!  Regardless of the situation, they are pleasant to be around and they will rap with you NSA.  I will bring coworkers and friends here or go by myself if I get bored with gambling.  There is a cover band there with exotic dancers in the background and the band is pretty good.
3	Service is slow. We actually walked out the first time we tried the bar since we didn't get served after 20 minutes. Live bands that are good, not great. Same bar and drink menu as the rest of the Venetian and Palazzo. Also serves the wasabi peanuts and kalmata olives. Right in the middle of the casino so good to stop for a drink as you're walking through, check out the music and do some people watching before moving on.
5	We sere in town celebrating my brother's birthday and because one of our party was getting a partial comp at the Pallazo that is where we decided to stay. I had never stayed there and after a nice run in their poker room and a good dinner at the Grand Lux we decided to continue our celebration at La Scena Lounge and watch the cover band.It was awesome. They covered rock songs from the 70's, 80's and 90's and had the room rockin on a Thursday night. I almost wished we had been there on a Friday or Saturday. The singer covered every thing from Guns and Roses to Journey with great skill and the band was super tight. All I can say is that this was one of the funnest times I have had in Vegas with out dropping a ton of money. I highly recommend this place for an affordable good time.
4	This lounge is a great place to have a cigar and watch some live music. I stopped in for after dinner last night and the Peter Monroy band was cranking tunes by Journey, Judas Priest, Billy Idol, Guns and Roses and much more great music.I missed Peter's female singers and dancers and he's made many changes with the band members - but the new members sounded great!La Scena has no cover charge bu they make it up on the drinks - a Amsteel Light will set you back $7.00 but it's a great place to people watch.This is great place to hang out with friends or come in for a night cap!
4	Came in after dinner on Wednesday night. The Peter Monroy band was performing and were kicking butt. Peter added some tunes I've neveer heard them play -Led Zeppelin Stairway to Heaven and a duet with his guitar player Lights by Journey, which sounded incredible. The ice cold beer went great and I ended staying later then I wanted because the band and music were so good! La Scena Lounge is a fun place to people watch!
4	I like this place. The current band they have is "China", and they are very good. The lead singer is very funny and has a great voice. They play the top hits (Bruno Mars, Rihanna, etc) as well as some great old R&B/Soul (Dazz Band, Cameo, etc). There is no cover--just walk in and have a seat. The "ladies of the evening" are usually hanging out over by the bar. The one drawback to this place is the cocktail service: S L O W. If the band's last set is at 1:15AM, the waitresses are cleaning up and figuring out the bills at around 12AM. You can't order a drink to save your life---they will disappear behind the bar and pretend to be working. It's been like this as long as I've been stopping by there (5+ years). So my advice is to grab a drink from the bar yourself, OR, stop by another bar and then bring it in with you---you just can't rely on cocktail service in this bar. But that issue aside, it's a pleasant place to listen to some great music for free.
3	Almost 2 stars (again, Yelp, how many times must we beg for half stars?!?!). If you like ok live music with good energy, overpriced and weakly made drinks, and slow service, then you'll love it here.  If not, I recommend hanging out at a slot machine right outside the club and enjoy the music without the other hang ups!  I often enjoy the classic rock and 80's hair metal some of the bands play.  They're not great; they're no Sin City Sinners or Yellowbrick Road as far as quality, but they're alright.  I was taken aback by the cost and lack of quality of the drinks.  I guess the attitude is that people aren't gambling, let's overcharge them to make some money back.  I won't go back in, but I'll certainly cruise by and listen to the music (which is the only thing that gives them that 3rd star).
4	Just a quick update----La Scena is no longer there. Well, the venue itself is there but the name "La Scena" is no more. I forget the new name, but it's based upon the "Rock of Ages" show I think. Same bar, same live band area, etc--but a different name.
