1	Our personal experience with this pediatricians office was bittersweet. Prepare yourself, this is gonna be a long review!I gave birth to our daughter last year in September, and the pediatrician that saw her and checked up on us while we were in the hospital was absolutely amazing, She belonged to this practice, so we just followed her there to continue seeing her.Unfortunately, this office was not nearly as amazing as our pediatrician. As with all newborn visits, we were going frequently for about five months. We made five visits total, and each visit was a below average experience. The ONLY reason we stuck it out as long as we did was for the pediatrician.First, the look and feel. The lobby is small, outdated, and very uncomfortable. The majority of the chairs were the little kindergarten desk chairs, and they littered the open space in a messy and unorganized manner. We had to climb over a number of obstacles just to get to an open seat where we felt somewhat comfortable. From the T.V. to the mural on the wall, everything was so old looking. Even the magazines were outdated, by months. I always felt very uncomfortable and out of place, as if I was sitting in a home where I was unwelcome.Second, the cleanliness. My goodness, this place was not up to par with my expectations of cleanliness for pediatricians. The lobby always had some sort of trash on the few side tables that were available. I could let that go if it weren't for the rooms. The one place I would expect thorough cleanliness is the examination rooms. Every time we waited in the room, I could not WAIT to get my daughter out of there! In our short time there, we saw leftover, half eaten candy, crumpled up paper towels, dried up spills, and even a stray diaper that somehow didn't make it into the trash bin. Gross!Third, the office staff. On almost every visit, they were rude, unorganized, and quite honestly lazy. They oozed a "I have better things to do" attitude. They never kept the lobby clean, and the movies on the T.V. were almost always stuck on the title menu. They couldn't even pay attention to that! Their lack of attention to detail and their awful attitudes always had me leaving in a bad mood.Fourth, the waiting. We waited for at least 45 minutes every time, despite being 10-15 minutes early. I understand falling behind in appointments, but waiting this long every single time and seeing patients who came in well after us getting called before we did was not cool. And even once we got in the room, we waited for AT LEAST another 30 minutes before finally seeing our doctor. Just waiting was exhausting in itself, especially with a newborn.Finally, the straw that broke the camel's back. On my last visit, I literally waited for an hour and a half before finally getting into the back. The only reason I waited so long was because the office staff said my daughter was due for vaccinations, and I had already paid my co-pay. When I finally got a room (which had a lollipop stick stuck to the exam bed) I waited for another half hour before I finally grabbed someone from outside our room in the hallway and asked them how much longer our doctor would be. She had no idea. I told her we were just here for vaccinations. She checked our paperwork and told me that according to our chart, my daughter was not getting shots that day. That was it! I gathered my things, strapped my daughter back in her carseat, and just walked out of our room. As busy as the traffic in the hallway was, no one noticed. I kindly told the front desk that I had been waiting over two hours with no sight of my doctor and I was given a "that's too bad" half-ass apology. I never went back.While our pediatrician was awesome, she alone did not make up for the awful experiences we had every single time we went in for my daughter's check ups. I originally started this review with two stars, think one star might be too harsh. But after re-living everything and writing it all down, I know that one star definitely describes our experience with this place.
1	Not happy with my experience here. First of all everyone in the front office was... Useless. I had to repeat myself to the lady on the phone about 17 times. The doctor we saw in the hospital (Maxcy) wasn't personable at all. Their hold information stated "our physicians will not be accepting patients who will not be vaccinated" when I asked the front desk staff what this meant she said "it depends on the doctor" hmm.. Ok... I should have just gone somewhere else at this point, we aren't withholding vaccines but we are delaying them... And if you make a statement like "our physicians will not accept..." You should probably know the details. We sat in their FILTHY waiting room for 25 minutes past our appointment time after being told to check in 25 minutes early for 5 minutes of paperwork. When we finally got back for our appointment and I discussed the immunization thing with the doctor (hep B specifically- why it isn't just given later in life since most infants aren't at high risk) she said "well sometimes people never bring their kids in for checkups so you have to catch them as soon as they are born to vaccinate them"... THAT IS NOT A GOOD REASON FOR ANYTHING. At this point I was over it. I didn't want to go through the hassle of finding another pediatrician but this place is a joke. Will never use them again.
