3	The skinny: Friendly service BUT do your research (especially on typical prices of what you're shopping for) before you go.Detailed review: I've mixed feelings here.  The staff certainly seemed nice and helpful enough, willing to spend a good amount of time to provide advice.  However, I'm personally not a fan of the sales tactic where the store marks up the price, then puts it on "sale" to make their prices look better.  This tactic is certainly not unique to Chalet Ski & Patio, but it leads me to strongly recommend "buyer beware" and to do some comparison shopping and research what the true MSRP actually is *before* you buy here.  That's not to say you can't find a decent deal if you know what you're doing, but if you impulse buy at their "regular" price, you might end up paying more than MSRP!Examples: 1. Ski socks listed at "regular" price at $29.99 that can be found at other local shops like REI or Fontana at non-sale MSRP prices of $21.99-24.99 , or for under $20 when on sale at REI.  2. Ski boots listed as $600 "regular" price, $400 "sale" price, and $300 "clearance" price; on the manufacturer's web site, MSRP is actually $350.  3. Another pair of ski boots listed as $800 "regular" price and $500 clearance price, compared to $650 MSRP on the manufacturer's site.
5	My family has bought most of our downhill ski equipment here for years. We're always exceptionally pleased with the goods, service and the prices. It feels great to be able to say that I honestly prefer a small local business over their big name competitors.
2	Beware - ski equipment is not on sale year round! I did not see this clarified on their website and the salesperson seemed to think I was an idiot for thinking I could buy ski supplies. I know it's July but your store has "Ski" in the name! I figured this would be a good time to get old season models before the 2014 stuff comes out, but I guess not.
2	First I will start off with the service for ski equipment, they do a fantastic job tuning and sharpening skis as well as fitting boots. They are very knowledgable and helpful. Now for the prices. They seem to be higher than anyone else. We recently went in looking for ski boots for my 13 yr old daughter, they were charging $170, when the exact same boot can be purchased down the street at MC Sports for $99. They also mention that they have a program to give you 50% of the cost in a trade in toward new boots the following year. Sounds great right? Especially if you have kids that seem to outgrow everything each year. But beware, we were 2 days past the 1 year and they would not honor the deal. Really? 2 days? They would not budge on this and were generally rude about it. Anyway, you would save money buying 2 pairs of boots elsewhere over 2 years than trying this deal.
