4	I normally wouldn't write up a chain restaurant, but I have to say my dining experience was very much enhanced by the recent renovation.  They went from a classic drive-in setup where you place your order at the window and dine in your car or in their outdoor seating to a true "McCafe" complete with faux blue chandelier, ultra-modern bathroom doors and interior decor, and bright high definition animated menus which would make Marty McFly (see what I did there?) wonder if he set the wrong year on his Delorean going from his mother Lorraine's time in 1956 to 2016.  There's a service monitor that displays the order number brightly and service was prompt and courteous.  I ordered Le McRib with a side of pomme frites and sweet tea (or as I may one day learn to call it, liquid diabetes) and in a simultaneously comforting and disturbing way, all items tasted identical to how I always remembered them.  Drive-through is very accessible off of Flamingo but if you need to get back heading toward the strip, U-turn is now mandatory off of Eastern.
5	The remodel was long overdue, and it's super fancy. The pictures speak a thousand words. Also service has been great here!
2	It's about time they re-did this place. I mean, how many McDonald's that are out there that are just straight up drive thrus that are wildly popular and successful? None if any. So why this review for a chain? Well, since it's new I wanted to check it out and get my McRib grub on since it only comes around every so often. You would think the service would be nice just like the building but here's where the needle on the record scratches off the vinyl.First thing, I get in line behind one person that is waiting to order their food. A couple minutes go by and finally after the just the one counter person calls out somebody's order, he takes the person's order that is in front of me. So after that order, he leaves to go get it ready while I'm standing there waiting to get my order in. Btw, this was lunchtime around 11:30 so there is a line already forming. You would think that there would be at least 2 to 3 people at the counter for the lunch rush but no. This one guy was doing the same thing over and over again.So I finish meal and throw away my mess. I go to the bathroom to wash my hands. I come back out to get a refill on my coke. This employee refilling the soda lids asks me if I have my receipt so I can get my refill. I reply saying that I just got done eating and just came from the bathroom. The receipt is in the garbage. He says I can't get a refill. EXCUSE ME? DID YOU NOT JUST SEE ME SITTING AT THE VERY TABLE YOU JUST CLEANED? So I got my refill after the guy says he was gonna report me to his manager. I said go ahead so I can complain about the bad customer service. He just stood there and continued to refill the lids for the soda. I should of said, "Do you know who I am? I am Roger T and I'm a Yelp Elite damnit! You better recognize!" Lol.Anyways, just because it's a new building does not equal to great or better service. Next time, just give me my damn McRib and I'm out!
1	This place has recently been rebuilt which is nice, but the men's bathroom is something else, super dirty! Trash cans in the restaurant are are always overflowing and there's always Hobo's hanging out in there, staff is slower than usual, order accuracy levels are in the toilet!
