5	I lived right next to Sears Auto in Glendale and found that not only was their service good but their prices beat everyone out. So since I just moved to Scottsdale and  my AC is on the verge of going out and I decided to check Yelp for finding a new "go to" for my Automotive needs. The one I decided on was Kelly Clark Automotive. I told them my AC situation and they said it would be a min of $60 just to check it out. Well called Sears (at the location Im reviewing) and they said it would be free to "eyeball it". I drove in this morning and they did a full diagnostic, discovered 2 O rings were leaking and it needed a charge. The discovery was FREE as promised. I dont know about you but that beats paying  a minimum of $60 any day!! I remain loyal to Sears Auto!
1	Have been taking cars to Sears in the Paradise Valley mall area for over 20 years when we need a battery installed.  One of our cars needed a battery, so over to Sears we went.  It's been a couple of years since we've been there and the service in the past 20 years has always been great....up until now!  Wow!  What a mess!  We dropped off  our daughter's car with the agreement we would pick it up in a couple of hours.  While my husband drove the car over he noticed it needed a couple of front tires badly so when we got home, I told him to give them a call to see if they could slap on a couple of tires.  "Pete" assured us that he'd call us back "in a couple of minutes" to give us a quote for tires.  45 minutes later, still no call back so hubby calls and is told that "Chris" is working on it and will call us right back.  Waited another 30 minutes (One would assume they would WANT the extra business of a tire sale?) still no call - so we drove back down.  Pete - who was obviously a manager - said that Chris was suppose to do it and proceeded to give his obviously overworked employee hell right in front of us (very tacky).  We got the tires figured out and they said we could come back in 2 hours to get the car.  When we went back we stood at the desk for 15 minutes waiting for someone to even notice us.  Several employees walked right past the desk with their head down doing their best not to notice us include Pete who decided chatting with his friends about the new Fry's on Shea street was more important than helping customers.  At the end of 15 minutes there were now 5 more people in line - all of us hearing from Pete how good the bread selection was at Fry's.  Finally, when I was just about to interrupt his personal conversation, Chris came out to help us.  This was an incredibly disappointing service call after so many years of good service.  Unfortunately, we won't be back - lots of other places who would appreciate our business.
4	Well, had another car that needed a battery and after getting a call from, Dave, the manager apologizing for the mess up on the last visit, I told him that the next time we need a battery we'd give Sears another try....glad we did.  They're back to giving the same superior service that we've had from them the past 20 years.  Very courteous and fast check-in, battery install was done when promised and fast check-out.  Two thumbs up to Dave for getting this place back on track again.
2	To be fair, these guys ARE good at quite a few things. Pros: They called around all day looking for a part for my old vehicle I had at the time and were very courteous about everything. They did knock a good deal off the price for the services and labor for one of my visits. Cons: They are understaffed it seems, as a previous reviewer mentioned, and it definitely takes longer than they estimate for service...usually MUCH longer. I also went through a huge ordeal to get my power steering fixed, where they insisted they had to charge me to "test" adding more steering fluid and letting it run through the system entirely, when it was obvious where the leak was coming from and they could have just fixed it without doing that and charging me $40 for it. So I leave, the power steering is working great, smooth as all get-out...until about two weeks later. I paid to have it COMPLETELY FIXED and yet it's leaking all over the place again. The worst part is, I went in just to get my battery cables replaced, which they charged me for, then I opened the hood and realized they hadn't even done that, just the other $250 in work that I had racked up from bringing it in for a $10 cable change.
4	One of the best places to go for minor repairs and maintenance like an oil change and A/C. However, their staffing is really sporadic - as in, 6 cars ahead of mine and only 1 mechanic one day, and then only 2 cars ahead of mine and 10 mechanics the next day, that sort of thing. So unpredictable, in fact, that you really should call before going. It is possible to get repairs done here same day if you bring in the vehicle on your way home from work after 4:30pm (they close at 7:00pm) but not as common as it should be.
4	This place was great! I went in there to get my Drive Time oil change (warranty), and I was in and out in a half an hour! Restored my faith in Sears Auto.
1	Worst customer service i have ever received. I stood at the counter for over 5 minutes before any acknowledged me and when they did they were not helpful at all!
4	We took my wife's car here for an oil change this past Monday. We were quickly greeted by the man working the counter, and he took down all the information that was needed for the oil change. He made sure we didn't need any other services and then took the keys.  We were given an estimated 45 minute wait period, so during that time we went wandering around the mall. We came back 45 minutes later and as we were walking up they were pulling our car around. They were done at exactly the time that was promised. All the staff we interacted with while we were there were friendly. It's not the cheapest oil change in town, but they do have some of the better service I've experienced.  To help you find it, don't look for it next to the Sears. It's in its own separate building out by the road.
1	Awful service. Called in to ask how much an oil change was and was told $21. Get there and am told that I have to use synthetic oil which will be $5-10 more.. Well luckily I asked the total because it turned out to be $58... That's a lot more than 5-10 more, so I asked and he said the lowest he could go was $44... That's still way more, so I left. False advertising.
1	Don't go to this place. Went in for a new battery and they told me I needed a new alternator in addition to a battery. Knowing how a car behaves when the alternator goes bad, I was suspicious about the recommendation.  Took the car to my regular mechanic of 20+ years and they said the alternator was fine. Moral of the story is to find a good mechanic and don't trust Sears Auto Center at PV mall.
4	I don't understand all the bad reviews on Sears Auto Center. I've never had a bad experience. Today in particular I was impressed and pleased. I stopped in around 4:00 for an oil change. They lifted my car up and saw my alignment was totally out of wack (I had a feeling by the way it was driving).  They showed me the papers and proof and also suggested a coolant flush and brake job. At first I was thinking what everyone was thinking.. Up selling. They told me they would take the tires off and do the brake inspection for free (usually $15) and ended up coming back saying they were fine and I didn't need them done. I really appreciated the honesty! All in all they did the brake inspection for free and also the tire rotation for free. They discounted the coolant flush and alignment and did it all for WAY under what I expected. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I would give them 5 stars but they seemed a little understaffed and slow. The waiting area was really dirty which I spent a couple hours in. But if you have a long wait they are right across the street from PV mall, you can walk to shop or see a movie! All in all Sears Auto Center will continue to get my business and I would recommend them to any of my friends or family.
5	Have been defaulting to Sears Automotive for their DieHard batteries like today when I visited the PV Mall location where Troy offered excellent automotive knowledge and Customer Service!Although us customers can tend to be impatient and frustrated when we arrive, told Troy and team to keep up their wonderful service that makes our day go better and a Big Thanks from all of us!
1	I brought my car in to have their road ready service.  It includes oil change, alignment, and tire rotation.  Within the hour they call us and told us that two of the tires were worn out and they needed to be replaced, we knew they were bad so we agreed.  2 hours later we arrived to pick up the car and it was still in pieces on the lift.  The young man at the desk asked if we had received a call from them about the brakes and we had not.  He then proceed to tell and show us that the rear brake pads were very worn, the rotors also needed to be replaced because if they turned them they would be to thin and be below specs, and then he told us the big problem that the caliper was frozen.  He quoted us a price of the entire job as 1000.00 dollars.  Horrified I asked him to put the car back together and we would get a second opinion.  He then made it sound that the car was dangerous to drive, and also that if I could find another garage to do a brake job for less then they would match it.I did find another garage with a very high customer rating.  I did not mention to them the visit with Sears.  They quoted me a priced of 228.00 for brake pads and turning the rotors.  Rotors that they said had never been turned and even after turning would have plenty of meat left on them.  I asked them if the calipers needed to be replaced and they explained to me that they would see uneven wear on the pads if one of the calipers was frozen.  There was no sign of any problem with the calipers.I don't know if Sears service department is incompetent or just plain liars, but I will never go to them again.
1	Inexperienced and inept. They installed two a/c compressors. When the second failed, another shop found parts installed backwards citing installation error. I am out over $2100. Six weeks later and endless phone calls to claims center known as Sedgewick CMS, I still have no refund.
