4	This is a nice Thrift Store in the shopping center where the Big Lots, Walgreen and Dollar Tree are, Fiesta Village I think.  It's much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.  The merchandise is pretty decent but like most thrift stores these days it is a little on the high side. Things are organized and clean except when people allow their kids to wreak havoc making a mess, breaking things, ripping open bags and losing the pieces to games and toys.I finally spoke to a clerk about it last time I was there.  Me: Who wants to be the "Crabby Old Lady of the Day??"Me: ME!!! (Raises hand high!)Then I proceeded to let them know, nicely,  that it was unsafe for all those toys etc to be strewn over the aisles where a nice old person who was a real customer was trying to walk. And that they are losing money on the broken and lost items. They were totally sympathetic and let it be known they agreed with me but couldn't do much about it due to liability or fear of being sued or whatever.  However, the employee went over and spoke to the kids in Spanish and resolved the problem.  Hopefully he was telling them that the Bruja over there was going to come eat their eyeballs out at night while they were sleeping if they didn't cut it out. If I can ever remember to go on a Wednesday, that's Senior Day, 50% off.  They have different color tags on sale every day and certain catagories, like 30% off kids clothes on Thursdays.  I haven't gotten into the habit of going often enough to memorize these.
5	This place just opened in late November according to the banner outside. It's pretty big inside and it doesn't have that thrift store "smell" (yet?). As soon as you walk in they have a sign with the specials each day. Check their website for these, such as days for veterans, seniors, students, and even kids' deals. Also colored tags have different sale days for 50% off. The employee at the front also informed me the upcoming Saturday was 50% off. Not sure if its every Saturday, and I should have asked. I also appreciate their hours (open til 9) as most thrift stores besides goodwill close earlier. Later on, an employee also told me they are opening a location in Tempe soon and they have a couple other locations around the valley. They support The Children of Veterans foundation. In the women's section, there are lots of newer merchandise from stores like Target and mall brands. Stuff that is maybe 2-5 years old. I couldn't find much older than that, so vintage shoppers this place isn't for you as of right now. I saw maybe 3 dresses that were over 20 years old. The jeans were  a bit older and saw a couple pairs of skinny jeans but most were boot cut. In shoes they had a pair of gold Anne Taylor flip flops brand new for $4 and nice snake skin Guess stilettos for $8. Yet under the glass up front they had a pair of BCGC Girls platforms for a bit higher. The women's jackets/blazers were way overpriced, I saw some for $12 and some for $14 and $15. I also thought some of the outdated frames were overpriced at $10, but the rest of the store had reasonable prices. The store was very organized with the exception of some girls jeans mixed in with the women's. Everything was clean and the employees were friendly and helpful. I don't think you'll find any one of a kind clothing items here right now, but rather some good semi-current fashion items. Although nothing particularly struck me, I see no reason why this place shouldn't get 5 stars.
5	Epic Thrift in Mesa opened in November, 2013...and it's conveniently located right around the corner from my house!  I have to admit, I LOVE this place.  I'm here at least once a week!!! The store is nice and clean...especially for a thrift store.  It's very organized and easy to shop!  And the employees are all super nice!  It's a lot like Goodwill, you have different colored tags that represent the discount that day.  At least one Saturday a month everything in the entire store is 50% off!!!  And every time I shop there, I get a "buy one, get one free" coupon!!  There's a great selection of baby clothes (my 3 month old nephew has gotten some super cute outfits from there!!) and kids clothes (my 7 year old niece loves "Justice" brand clothing) and I find a ton of stuff for her there, at great prices!Totally cool place, if you're a thrift-er, you gotta check this spot out!!!
3	Selection not the best. Prices are average. Quality of clothing is about the same as Goodwill. Not too many high end name brand items. I would consider this place more of a bargain if they lowered their prices.
3	get a load of the name of this place. way to set your customers up for feeling let down. Back to the volcano for a nap!
2	not so epic... DI had a lot more to choose from.
3	At first i went through the store looking for a specific iteam not really looking but it was nealtly organized, clean but even though its filled with stuff it felt sort of felt empty, and i didnt find what i was looking for much to my disapointment.
2	I too, like the others was more than disappointed upon entering the store. They had a lady at the stoplight advertising the shop so I thought I'd stop in. It is housed in an old strip mall location surrounded by daycare centers and a Big Lots. The place was so disorganized and there was this horrible urine smell all over the store. I still made a point to really try to look at things but their pricing was terrible as well. As I looked at the dresses, I noticed that many, if not all of them were priced at $15. There were moderate looking garments that Goodwill would probably price at around $8. I go to thrift stores so extremely often, I have the pricing down to a science. Many of their shoes were also priced high, with a pair of sad pumps priced at $18. I would like to return to this location once they have all the kinks worked out. For now, the store was too messy, smelly, and overpriced for me to return.
2	I have come here twice. The first time, I was pregnant and I thought it was great that they had a decent sized maternity section. I was looking for a specific item which they did not have but that's not even a problem. My second time coming here, I realized what a disappointment this place was. Their "home junk" area is pretty small and doesn't really have a lot so I didn't even stop to look at anything. Then, I came across the little wall where they hung bags of yarn. I had been hoping to find some cheaper yarn but that was not the case, a small bag of pink yarn by itself was $1.99. I could buy a ball bigger and brand new for less than that. Their womens shoe section was so full that they had two boxes of shoes just sitting on the floor. I did find a few pairs of cute heels and boots however, I didn't bother to look at the price as they are never in my size. I walked down by the dresses on my way out and caught glimpse of a dress that I could have fallen on love with. Unfortunately, the dress was 7.99 and I could have also purchased it brand new at that price if not cheaper at somewhere like Ross. I saw a few other cute dresses so I thought I would stop to look at the tops really quick, assuming they might have some cute options there as well. But of course, it was all just the typical "outdated grandmas closet" selection.It is what it is for a thrift store, but the prices make it somewhere I would never shop. Oh and I can't forget the two older men staring at me as they just sat on the couches having a chat like they were hanging out in their own home.
3	I was driving around on a Saturday night and not really paying attention to where I was going and I saw this thrift store and thought I'd pop in for a quick look. I didn't find really anything that I thought was noteworthy but it wasn't messy or smelly as what some of the other reviewers reported. It was an empty store except for like 3 workers and around 4 or 5 customers (including myself).It seems like they have a lot of sales and discounts regularly and that night was 50% off tops or something like that. Just as I gave up, I found a Forever 21 red and white striped nautical cropped sweater which is just totally adorable! I tried it on in a fitting room which was actually quite clean, and I bought it for $2! What a sweet deal.
3	Layout appeared identical to a Goodwill, which is fine with me, since Goodwill is so dominant here and I don't like being confused. Store was bright, clean, and odor-free on my Black Friday visit, and the counter clerk was charming.Prices on what I was looking for were the same as Goodwill, which is also fine, plus there was some sort of daily tag discount so I actually got my purchase cheaper. (Also, they had what I wanted, which two Mesa Goodwills hadn't, so happy happy glad glad.) I didn't cruise clothing because I was out of time and usually it's the thrifts closer to the shiny office towers that get outstanding office-wear anyway.It's in a plaza with Big Lots and other discount-y things, so definitely worth a visit if you're already there. At this point, I wouldn't set my alarm and make a massive trek to visit it every Saturday, but if I were standing in front of a bus that I realized went to that corner, and I had free time, I'd get on the bus and be happy and excited about the destination.
5	I'm a bi-weekly goodwill shopper so I'm always buying used items. I was up in Mesa and saw Epic Thrift for the first time and decided to check it out. Found some really cute purses plus the bonus check-in discount was great! Will definitely come back later when I'm in the area again.
