4	The grounds at the Phoenician are amazing.  This hotel really is an escape from reality in the desert.  The golf course is crazy and the service is amazing.  Everything is manicured to a tee here.  We got upgraded from our room at the Phoenician to the Canyon Suites and boy were we happy.  The Canyon Suites are right off to the side of the main building and seem to be a bit more modern than the main building.  The pool at the Canyon Suites was nothing compared to the Phoenician, but we walked over and used the main pool on Saturday.  The pool service was great and very reasonable considering the price of this place.I do think that the whole 'resort fee' thing is a bit ridiculous, but as a platinum SPG I didn't have to pay it.  The management of the whole Phoenician place is great and extremely willing to work with you to make the most of your stay.  My girlfriend and I really had a truly amazing time during our stay at the Canyon Suites.
5	service is great.complimentary coffee and tea deliver to the room.I really like the setting of the suite and a very nice size patio facing the swimming pool.it's a quiet little complex next to the Phoenician. if you are looking for something a bit quiet. this is the place.Too bad I came here when the weather is too cold to swim.will be back again next year!
5	Absolutely beautiful grounds. Golf course, restaurants, shops, botanical gardens, tennis courts...it's all beautiful. Definitely book a room here as opposed to the main section of the hotel - I'm not exactly sure what the difference is, but it IS a different (and smaller) building.Our room itself was nice, but the view was what made it amazing. From the balcony, you can see the golf course, the mountain, desert views, cactus...everything. And the service was great.The only complaint is that when I booked my stay, I was told that each guest would be assigned an "Ambassador" who would help ensure a great stay, or whatever. But throughout my weekend, this supposed Ambassador was never mentioned and didn't show up. Not a big deal, but if you're going to promise that service, then you better deliver.Otherwise, great stay. I would highly recommend this hotel. Great for a relaxing weekend.
1	We stayed in one of the 2-bedroom residences at the resort which I believe they also call "casitas". It was sooooooo disappointing that I was is tears when we first arrived. To start off, when I booked the reservation I was told the the 2nd bedroom had 2 queen size beds, which was absolutely imperative since I have to young daughters. Well it turned out the 2nd bedroom only comes with one queen size bed, but oh wait "there's a sofa bed that can accommodate one of your daughters", is what I was told by the front desk manager. When we opened the sofa bed to see what we were dealing with it was absolutely disgusting. There was a box of crackers, an empty water bottle and dirty socks all smashed up between the mattress. I could not believe it!!!! I have never in my life seen anything like this from a "5 Star Resort". In addition the rugs and carpet were filthy. The management tired to fix whatever they could by cleaning and steaming everything I requested but the damage was done. I still have a bad taste in my mouth from that experience. By the way, did I mention that the rate for this 2-bedroom residence was $1499 a night. Next time we'll stay at the Ritz Carlton.
5	WOWOWOWOWOW!!! We sat on the patio at 9pm for just desserts. Sweeping views of the city and surrounds. A perfectly romantic getaway and the grounds are so breathtaking. The only thing I'd say is that it's overpriced, but then again what isn't these days?(and now I sound like my grandma)....this is what yelp has done to me.
5	Simply the finest hotel/resort I've ever stayed in.  Even though it was my first time there... they gave us a complimentary upgrade to the Casita / house /condo things when I plugged in my Starwood number.   I usually stay at the cheap-end of the Sheraton brand places and occasionally a Westin... but this is a Starwood property, so if you are an Starwood loyal business traveler, they seem to hook you up if they have the space available. Service was exemplary, of course.   The bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept in.  My wife and I pretty much fell in love all over again while there that weekend.   We'll definitely be back. It's hot in August there though, I'll leave it at that.
5	It's a five star boutique hotel inside of a five star resort. It's beautiful, quiet, the staff is lovely, they bring you free tea and coffee to your room in the mornings, there's a lovely wine hour each day at 4pm, the staff is impressively friendly and helpful, they'll golf cart or mercedes you to anywhere nearby that you want to go, and the infinity pool and hot tub in the back are gorgeous. Great off season rates, too.
5	If you like luxury and the great outdoors in one this is a great property. Very nice rooms and lots of beautiful trails to walk on and nearby hiking. I am not much of a pool guy but even I couldn't refuse the cabana with your own bathroom and server. A great way to spend an afternoon with a loved one or friends. Just as an FYI the canyon suites are separate from the main hotel. You must stay at the canyon suites to have full access or be invited if you are a guest in the main hotel.
4	Beautiful property, elegant rooms, friendly service, privacy and relaxation! I'd recommend the Phoenician for food/pools rather than Canyon Suites. They also didn't offer late check out even as a Platinum guest. For St Regis prices, they didn't have butler service comparably..
5	Beautiful Hotel!!!!This was the first time I have ever been to this hotel and it was amazing just walking in. I came here for a conference so I cannot comment on the rooms or even the hotel staff. We dealt mostly with the company putting on the conference. The lunch provided was great as well as sectioning us off from the guest checking into the hotel.
5	Eat at the pool with our group of 7. Gabe was our waiter. Great food, wonderful service. Will be back the next time we are in the area.
1	I feel like I went camping. I don't know where to start!My first room was infested with crickets. Noisy chirping crickets. I got moved across the property to another room (prepare to walk!). The room looked like it hadn't been occupied in a while. Within 5 minutes I captured 3 moths. The toilet seat was broken and the sink drain lever was broken too. I'm sure this hotel is a woman's dream...NOT!The rooms here are nothing like I expected. I've worked and lived in Scottsdale on and off for 10 years, so I had relatively high expectations for this hotel & the rooms. My carpet was old and you could see the base boards since they didn't cut the carpet to fit the room. The decor is awful unless you are born pre-1950. The bathroom is spacious and somewhat remodeled - although the shower is tiny and the tub is 1/3 the depth of a normal hotel tub. The sheets were marked up and overall this place just felt dirty. I felt like I was staying in a two star motel. I'm glad I wasn't paying for this hotel or I would have instantly booked a room elsewhere. The Royal Palms down the street is much nicer!!
5	We stayed here for our anniversary and loved it. Rooms are beautiful and have a great view. If you are looking for a more intimate get away from the kids the canyon suites are better and more quiet than the regular rooms and pools
4	Great place for a seminar/work function. Despite its massive resort size, everything is pretty easy to get to. The catering staff and food was great and not your typical fare (ricotta cheesecake with berry jam sauce? YUM!). I would definitely recommend them for other events.
5	You are greeted when you arrive by your name as someone waits for you on the stairs.  The suites are nicely decorated .  The pool service is spot on.  The room service is punctual and oh the spaghetti and veal meatballs are seriously divine..,no joke pasta looks and tastes homemade.Separate from the main hotel which is nice because it more like the feel of a boutique.A definite return is a must.
5	Beautiful suite overlooking the golf course.  Golf cart shuttle on-demand to the Phoenician. Quieter setting with two great pools.  As nice as the hotel is, the service is better. Amber who works the lobby is a tremendous value add to the property (It helps that she's a baseball fan).   Everyone is professional and knowledgable, but she has made a consistent effort to elevate our stay.  Looking forward to returning and playing some golf.
1	I AM A PREGNANT WOMAN -- WHO HOLDS GOLD STATUS AT STARWOOD--FORCED TO SLEEP IN THE HOTEL LOBBY BECAUSE THE MANAGER DIDN'T WANT TO GIVE US ONE EXTRA HOUR FOR LATE CHECK OUT AS A COURTESY. NO ONE WAS CHECKING INTO OUR ROOM AFTER US AND THE HOTEL WAS NOT AT FULL CAPACITY.Front desk manager =  she takes 100% blame for this crappy review. As a threshold matter, I should tell you that I'm in the travel and accommodation business. I actually operate and manage vacation rentals. So, even from a business owner's standpoint, I would have been greatly disappointed in the front desk manager.The Starwood hotel group has now stepped in to manage the Canyon Suites (the whole Phoenician hotel campus). We are not just Starwood members, but we are Gold Starwood members. In other words, we are an elite group of patrons of Starwood hotels. Said another way, we are their special customers. We get many different perks. At some hotels, we get free food, drinks and so on, even vouchers to the spa. At the least, as Gold members, we are entitled to automatic late check outs at every Starwood hotel, which is 4pm, as long as there's no one else checking into the room--key point for later.  (I only mention all of this because any savvy business owner or management member knows to take care of their special customers. You go just a little extra for them. After all, they are usually your highest paying customers, and sometimes your most influential.)Accordingly, we set our original check out time to 4pm (as guaranteed by our Gold status as long as room is available--front desk confirmed that no one else was checking in). But in the morning, I realized that our flight was later than I had thought and requested just an additional ONE HOUR over our check out time.DID I MENTION THAT I WAS PREGNANT? I told the front desk manager, that I get tired and sleepy very easily due to my fragile condition and that I would love to stay just an extra hour. After all, it's a Sunday night, the end of the weekend, there was no big flow of customers coming through the Canyon Suites, and they already confirmed that no one was checking into our room that night.So let's summarize....Was there someone else scheduled to take our room? NO.Was the hotel at full capacity? NO. NOT EVEN CLOSE. Peak season in AZ is not till December. (We're in October.)Front desk manager's response was to charge us a half day's rate, cash or Starwood points, for that one measly extra hour!!!Even her staff was trying to go to bat for us. (Can I mention how awesome and amazing Megan at the front desk of Canyon Suites treated us?) Members of her staff agreed that as long as there was no one else scheduled to go into the room, they saw no reason why the hotel couldn't accommodate ONE measly hour to a tired pregnant woman who has to get on a flight.  We were told that the manager "vetoed" our request.So what did I do?I SLEPT IN THE HOTEL LOBBY BECAUSE THE MANAGER DIDN'T WANT TO GIVE ME--A PREGNANT WOMAN WITH GOLD STARWOOD STATUS-- ONE EFFING EXTRA HOUR AS A COURTESY.We  would have happily returned to the Canyon Suites to visit my in-laws again who are seeking post-surgery recovery in Scottsdale for the next month! Now, I wouldn't stay in that hotel even if it were free! My husband and I agreed that had we asked for more than one hour or if we in any way inhibited another group from checking in, we would have gladly paid that extra amount.   After all, we are acutely aware that most guests rarely leave exactly at the  check out hour, because I have guests who check out late at my properties all the time. Hotel management and housekeeping expect that guests don't leave at that exact hour. It's all built into operations. In the manager's attempt to gain $264 for that little extra hour, the hotel lost thousands of dollars that we would have spent at the hotel in the next month. Again, as a vacation rental owner, I deal with late check out requests all the time, and I grant them all the time as long as there's no one else checking in that same day. And none of my guests, at least none that I knew of, were pregnant and low on energy. Her lack of basic business sense, appreciation for human life, compassion, and customer service skills warrants this place zero stars.NOTE: The rest of the front desk staff, especially Megan, along with the amazing guys at the bell desk, were really great to their guests.
5	Wonderful service from the minute we arrived, our suite was beautiful, overlooking the pool, and every detail was thought through. Morning coffee was brought at the very minute we had requested it... Ben at the pool was very attentive ... Bell boys were happy to arrange transportation whenever we needed it, even to just across the property when it was too hot to walk! This place is not for small children or the pretentious who want to be 'seen', it's a quiet, relaxing get-away where everything is taken care of and you feel truly taken care of.
5	We stay here whenever in Scottsdale and we refuse to move! Service is on par with the best in the world. We spend much time at the pool and never feel like we're over paying at an expensive resort, not easily done. Drinks are of the mixologist level, so there's no need to leave the "compound". Enjoy!
5	I AM NOT A PREGNANT WOMEN, lol. Fear not my fellow yelpers, ignore the silly 1 star reviews on here... As I read these all I see is people who are never pleased. Well we are pleased! Every time we are here, it's better than the last. When people are writing reviews exaggerate that much, the reviews just can't be taken seriously. Furthermore, I noticed that half the pictures and some of the reviews are for the Phoenician, which isn't even close to the Canyon suites. Just remember folks, if you read a review from the Yelp "Elite", you're just reading the transcript of professional complainers.
