1	Recently I needed to call my insurance company for a windshield replacement. They provided a recommendation of Best Glass for the install. I spoke to Renee and the process to set up the installation was quick and efficient. He confirmed the appointment for the next day, asked what time I leave the office and set the appointment for between the hours of 9-2.Today was the big day for the installation. As the hours passed I did not receive a  phone call from the technician or the home office. Knowing that most companies indicate a car should sit for at least 2 hours prior to driving, and I leave work at 3, I began to get nervous as my lunch break expired. 1:55 and still nothing. Knowing it takes typically 40 minutes to complete a windshield installation, I elected to call and speak to Renee to cancel the service call. In doing so, he said the installer was just 15 minutes away from me. I said that's fine, but it is 2:00 now, 15 minutes plus the installation time makes me late, so I would cancel. I indicated that I heard it should sit a few hours before driving and he said typically in one hour it would be fine. Okay, but that still makes me late. He said no, that's from the time the glass first makes contact. Still the time table seemed sketchy and there is a safety hazard with driving unsettled glass. Given the heat, warm days also make the contact more slippery and require longer to form a tight seal. Nevertheless, Renee said it would be okay to complete the work and still leave at 3. I cancelled anyway - then contacted the insurance company to correctly cancel. While on the phone with the insurance company, I felt the vibration in my ear indicating an incoming call. I finished the cancellation and listened to the newly left voicemail from Ray, the Best Glass technician indicating he was 5 minutes away. Now 2:10, that definitely does not leave time to arrive and complete the work. He persisted and called back; this time I picked up the call. In speaking to Ray, who was now apparently in front of the building, I voiced my concern that it would take 40 minutes to complete the installation - putting me late for going home. He said he could probably get it done in about 20 minutes. My concern is that the company's own web site has a FAQ page (http://www.bestglass.com/faq.html#faq5) that reads "Because of the complexity of some vehicles, it could take as long as 3 hours. Most vehicles, however, require about an hour to an hour and a half to properly install the windshield." My concern is further documented on the same page stating "If an installer claims he can install your windshield in 30 minutes or less, it's a sure bet it won't be done right and certainly not safe." It seems the company's own technicians and operation personnel do not heed their own warning. I told Ray that even after it would be installed it should set for a couple of hours and was told it would be okay in probably 30 minutes. Again, the company web site states "While most automotive grade urethane's rely on temperature and humidity to cure, the time required varies widely depending on the manufacturer. This time frame can range from 3 hours up to 24 hours before your vehicle will meet Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards and is considered safe to drive." What about 30 minutes? Their web site warns "If you need to drive your vehicle sooner, a chemically cured urethane can be used that will allow a 1 hour drive-away time. In either case, it's imperative that you follow the manufacturers' instructions regarding safe drive-away times. Not adhering to those instructions could result in your injury or even death." Yikes! It appears that the company provides a good web page that explains the dangers of improper installation advice and potential safety hazards leading to injury or even death. The shame is that their staff does not follow their own advice. Based on my experience today, I would steer clear of this company!
5	call this morning because my grandaughter broke the elec Window  moter in my jeep .Mike came out did a great job and even fix my window that hand been stuck for a year or so.at my house no fuss  Thanks again Mike & best glass
5	They came to my apartment, replaced the window and even cleaned up the glass in my car! Jesus (I believe was his name) replaced it and he was super kind. All the ladies I talked on the phone with we're positive and friendly. Will recommend them to anyone I can.
5	All it takes is one call to get a new windshield!  I called in at 9AM and the office takes my information then has me in a three way call with my insurance company to get both companies squared away with each other and myself.  They come to install the new glass the same afternoon.  I am very appreciative of customer service from the office when I call in to the installers.  I will continue to use them because they treat customers well.  They also offer home glass.
5	This is the second or third time I have used Best Glass. They have always been fantastic. I drive on interstate 10 from Phoenix to Buckeye everyday and am constantly bombarded with rocks. I called Best Glass on Monday evening and they were able to come out first thing today, Wednesday. Each time that I have used them they came out and replaced my windshield quickly and correctly. They have even driven out to Buckeye twice to fix my windshield. I would highly suggest this company for any auto windshield repairs.Also Mary in the office is super great!!
5	This is the third time I've used them. They are like Johnny on the spot. Same day service and alway excellent professional customer service. Miguel was the guy that came out and did an awesome job. Very pleased.
5	Love this place. Had a special piece of glass cut had no idea what thickness to use ,what type of glass anything John was amazingly helpful. I was pretty quick to. Everyone there was great to work with great customer service and the prices are very competitive great prices. Nice clean place ,and in their showroom pretty cool ideas of things done. I love my new glass countertop. Can't wait for my contemporary shower doors.
5	We have done business with Best Glass for more than 10 years and have been extremely satisfied. They did a great job installing glass doors and walls in our office. They also created and installed a glass panel for our wall that we use in our conference room to write on instead of a white board. Their professionalism, promptness and service is superb. We highly recommend this company if your are looking for a company you can trust whether it be in your home or business.
5	Best Glass is a terrific company. Since moving to the area in July 2014, this company replaced all our glass table tops, glass shelving and furniture protective tops. Everything is beautiful and perfect. Every staff member is friendly, patient and knowledgeable. I just called needing a quote for special sized mirrors. The quotes were very reasonable and when I was bemoaning the cost of frames at another store, An additional frame resource was suggested to me. A shop I was unaware of and shall visit tomorrow. Best Glass produces the best product, in the time frame promised, with outstanding customer service. They treat you like family.
