3	In real life this place is a 3.5, but I definitely would say it rounds down to a three for Yelp purposes. The music was great on Saturday: chill, talented, smooth - made for an excellent double type type atmosphere. Lots of people, but not too crowded, meaning we were able to carry on conversations and listen to fine jazz without yelling or feeling like we were interrupting the performance. Unfortunately, this place only felt the need to operate with one bartender, resulting in snail-esque service speeds. Also, orders coming in from the servers took priority over mine, even after the drinks were partially made, which pulled me away from my group and made me quite thirsty, both being awful occurrences. The bartender had a lassez-faire attitude while the servers had a gruff and hurried demeanor, definitely drawing away from the overall chill attitude of the place. I liked the atmosphere enough that I would go back for another try, but if the service was that poor again I would probably avoid a third attempt and decide to spend my two-drink cost of $16 on a bottle of liquor, make my own drinks, light some candles, and change the TV to BET Jazz - wasting 13 minutes twice in the same night away from my date waiting for drinks is not the way to create a good post-bar atmosphere.
3	This review is not for the service but for the atmosphere. I went here for the "Thursday Entrepreneurial" event - They do have a $5 cover charge on this day (thursday) but that goes towards the live jazz/blues band. The music was great.. smooth and soothing and not that loud.This place has two section - the bar section and the other with more of a sit down settings with  stage next to it.I am not sure what the crowd is on other days but  most of the people on that day were there only for that particular event. Despite the crowd at the bar, I believe there was only one bartender through out the event.
1	Bad food and awful service! We went there for my moms birthday on a Thursday night. We were the only people eating at the restaurant and the waitress and manager seemed bothered that we were there.  Any questions we had about the menu were not answered, it took a really long time to get our food and drinks and our food was cold when we got it. When we kindly mentioned to the waitress the food was cold she rolled her eyes. The manager was walking around the restaurant drinking beer and yelling at employees. It just felt extremely uncomfortable and when we left the manager waived us out as to say good riddance! We ordered a variety of food off the menu and it was all bad except for the jambalaya, which was very flavorful.This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had and would not recommend it to anyone!
1	I strongly dislike this place and will not go back.  It tries to project an air of exclusivity by being mean to people.The first time I went to Little Es, though there were many open tables, I was given a hard time for not having a reservation.  The whole time I was there, I felt rushed to leave.I decided to go back because a band I like was playing there.  The food was not good, and overpriced.  Then, the band I came to see was kicked out before they were able to finish their third set because the owner said they were taking too long a break, even though it was only 15 minutes.  It was very unprofessional and disrespectful.The whole place has a bad vibe that seems to stem from bad management.  I suggest you avoid this place and spend your money at a place that values your patronage and respects the talent of the musicians they hire to play.
5	Little E's keeps the low cost Pittsburgh Jazz experience alive!  The food is fine and the musicians that are hired there are great, The manager and the staff have always been very helpful and friendly to me. I like taking my friends there for great entertainment the Pittsburgh way!  sincerely Dr Bruce from PittsburghJAM.org
3	Had a great time seeing a local Brazilian artist sing here a few weeks ago - the space is cozy and the sound isn't bad. We nibbled on their mixed appetizer plate and loved the sliders and crab cakes - would definitely recommend that option over just paying a cover charge. We thought we could have been seated in a little better place in the room (my wife and I were seated in a small table RIGHT beside the stage, a very awkward place to watch a music show... my neck hurt the next day!) Bar was a bit limited - they didn't know what an Old Fashioned or Sazerac was and didn't have the ingredients once I told them what they were. (I was a bit surprised, since the Sazerac is so ubiquitous in NOLA, the mother of all Jazz scenes...) That being said, I think this place could be a lot of fun because of the music...We didn't experience any of the negativity mentioned by others, and found the staff to be friendly and as helpful as they could be on this particular evening.Will return to experience more, and update...
2	Subpar on a number of levels.1. Food was awful. Sorry, it was. My salad was wilted and seemed to have raw potatoes in it. I didn't even know that was a thing. None of us were very happy with our food.2. Sound system was way too loud for such a small venue. People were moving away from the front just to escape it.3. A little girl, and I mean like 6 years old, kept getting on stage and playing mic'd up instruments, startling us on occasion. Interrupting the band's rehearsals as well.  Yes it was night time but somehow there was a kid frolicking in a jazz club.4. The sound system just wasn't very well adjusted. The vocalist was giving her best and she wasn't bad, but it just didn't sound professionally configured.The only thing this place has going for it, at least that night, is it is cute visually. If you're just there to sit at the bar, which is away from the stage, you're probably good. I may try it again just to be sure. But on that night this was not a great club.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem. Nestled in a building that also serves as a home to a pub, Little E's Jazz club has a wide variety of food to serve different taste desires. The atmosphere provides an excellent space to sit and enjoy the tunes of local artists as well as enjoy the company and a drink or two.
1	Overpriced and very rude management. I have given this place many chances because I love live jazz but when my friends get charged for tap water or scolded for sitting in the bar area for no reason, I have no desire to come back.
5	When I travel I always go in search great jazz and a good local vibe. I avoid the expensive clubs with national acts. Just got back from the burgh and happy to report the great Pittsburgh groove established by George Benson, Stanley Turntine and other greats like Jeff Tain Watts is alive and still going at Little Es. Walked in downstairs and I thought george was on the stereo in the bar. No it was local guitarist Mark Strickland trio with a seasoned  keyboard player Keith playing Hammond's remarkable electric B3 organ playing up on the very cool, funky Little Es stage.  Who needs a bass player when you have a Pittsburgh native with a B3 and a left hand. Had a blast. Band was great. Staff friendly. Crowd friendly. Beers very reasonable.  Great time.
