2	We tried The Lotus and found it to be, while a friendly and capable chinese food joint, simply derivative. The food was hot, served quickly, but lacking in character or flavor. The mongolian beef was served sweet in a thick sauce more reminiscent of something that you would find on a McRib sandwich.  My date's mushroom foo young was left unfinished, she found it generally unappealing; she said that the mushroom sauce had an odd flavor.We prefer the Sam-Pan just down Water Street, if anything for the expended vegetarian menu choices and the friendlier atmosphere.
4	This place has been a part of Henderson for as long as I can remember. It's a little "hole in the wall" place in the Downtown Henderson area, but if you go there, and you like Chinese food, you shouldn't be disappointed.Lotus has a large, diverse menu of assorted Chinese dishes. Beef, pork, chicken, duck - you name it, they've got it on the menu. I don't think I have ever dined here and not enjoyed my food. During my visit last night I had the Hot and Sour Soup and the Spicy Salt Chicken (a daily special item) - both of which were excellent.The atmosphere inside isn't half bad either. The place is well-decorated, and never overly loud, even when there are a lot of guests dining. The staff are friendly and always around to make sure you have enough to drink.The complaints I have with Lotus are minor. First and foremost, often they ask to see my ID when paying with a debit/credit card. I understand that this is for security/safety reasons, but the fact of the matter is that no other dine-in restaurant does this - and I find it more annoying than helpful. Secondly, the menu does not have pictures of descriptions of the items. People who aren't religiously fans of Chinese food aren't going to know what a lot of these things are. This place could really take a hint from Grand China, who DOES include item summaries and pictures in their menu. All in all, Lotus is a damn good Chinese dining experience. They have been around longer than just about all of the competition - and with good reason. No Chinese food fan should be disappointed!
3	I had dinner at the Lotus last night for the first time in a few months. My husband and I split one of the appetizer samplers...  which came with eggrolls, crab wontons, friend shrimp and and bbq ribs. All were good. I particularly liked the egg rolls. He ordered the General Tso's chicken. That is what I usually order. So I tried the Pineapple Chicken, which is now his favorite dish.... Overall the food was great. And very reasonable. The appetizer sampler, both dinners and his iced tea (I had water) was just over $30. So why only 3 stars? Because it felt like it took longer for our waitress to bring back the $10 in change we were owed then it took her to bring out our appetizers! I had even looked over to my husband and said 'I don't think they are bringing you the change' while we waited. She showed up, eventually. We were at the point where we were going to ask about the change if she didn't have it though, so docking 1 star for that.The other star I am taking off for general ambiance and decor. The booths are a brownish pink, the napkins a brighter pink and the table clothes a light gray. Definitely in need of a facelift.
4	Lotus is one of my favorite places to eat. It is where I go when I want something familiar that tastes good.  When I am sick I want ONLY their won ton soup. (I swear it has healing properties)  But when it all comes down to it I order one of three dishes... Mongolian beef... sweet and spicy chicken OR lemon chicken. SO GOOD. Sometimes the service is a bit slow ... but what I love is that it is like being Norm walking into Cheers... They recognize you ask you about your family and make you feel very welcome. Yeah the interior is a little outdated but this is a bad economy who wants to spend the money on decor when you can spend it in the quality of the food?The appetizers are good ... the meals are good ... and the service is always sweet.
4	I have enjoyed many a lunch with great friends here. Why lunch? It's half the price of their dinners, duh! While their dinners can be a bit pricy for college students, you can't ask for a better lunch deal.The crispies and sweet and sour sauce they give you are a delicious appetizer and I've never had anything bad on the menu. It's all been delicious.I don't understand what decor has much to do with delicious food. Good hole-in-the-walls normally could do with a face lift. The place is very clean and the staff is always very nice and polite. My only complaint is that the service does indeed run a little slow. My friends and I can usually count on the place being empty when we go, but the service is still as slow as if it was packed! However, this does give a us a great chance to catch up and chat.If you're looking for great food and a relaxed, not rushed lunch, this is the place for you!
4	I ate lunch at the Lotus for the first time about a week ago. The food was really good. I had the curry chicken and my husband and I shared an order of the egg foo young.  The place was empty when we were there but it looks like it can get busy. The portions are huge so be prepared to take home the extra. The service was great. We plan on going back again and again.
3	Watch out if you want delivery from The Lotus. I have had delivery from them twice without incident. But apparently they only offer it some days?? I just tried to place an order for delivery and was told the driver was off today.
5	I go here all the way from California.  the sweet and spicy chicken is out of this world.  we go on Sunday's after church and there is maybe a couple tables that are occupied.  So the service is great! and the prices are so right on, I brought my granddaughter here and they where so nice to her, sometimes food place can snub children.  this is the place to go if you are ever in Henederson look it up.
5	This place is so cute, my family goes here all the time, so often infact that they know our name and our order! We've never had to wait for a seat and the servers are always fast and friendly. We order take out from them as well when we are feeling lazy. There Lemon chicken is amazing and I've never had an issue with anything i've ordered from them!
3	With mom's cooking days now gone, I've begun a serious hunt for yum yum for the tum tum eats in Henderson. Chinese being one of the top 3 favorites cuisine I inquired if good Chinese was even a possibility in Henderson. I was told it was at Lotus.I ventured in with a buddy of mine who was visiting from San Francisco (expecting him to know Chinese, but he is in reality and cowboy so he is only so-so on Chinese)I had the cashew chicken and though it is traditionally not made spicy at Lotus the waitress made me happy when she said she could have the cook do spicy. Yen Ching, number one restaurant for Chinese in deKalb,  will not have to worry about me taking the bride to Henderson. Though the spice was nice, there was something missing.As for my buddy the cowboy, he wasn't very happy with his steak as it was thin and they did not follow his instructions to put jalepeno peppers and mushrooms on the steak while cooking it. But I myself would not go to Chinese to get a 5 star steak, nor a 4, probably not a 3 either, but even though I didn't ask him I think my buddy would be gracious in giving it 1..The going out the door on Lotus is I'll return but will bring my lovely bride and instead of Chinese take the cowboy to a real steak house like Le Bistro Cafe in Boulder City
4	I have only ordered the pork fried rice with no bean sprouts, but this is by far one of the best fried rices I have ever had. I love when I'm i the area and get to go to this place.
5	I came here today after going to china town and getting a bunch of goodies.For a appitizer i got the cream cheese puffs.I've not seen any one menchin that they don thave any green onions like most places,wich makes me happy becuase i dont like it when they do have that.For my mean i got sweet and spicy chicken with no veggies,chicken chow mein with no veggies.It was all very good and very tasty just like usual the only thing i do have  to say is that the chicken in the chow mein tasted kind of funny...not sure why.Other then that ill defently be back :)
3	I'm not a fan of the decor but it tells you what kind of place it is. Quick, cheep, Chinese food. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was pretty good. Their lunch specials are cheep and you get quite a bit of food for your buck. The waitress was very nice and noticed that I was dehydrated so she was very quick with refills. It was a good experience but barely a memorable one. I would eat there again but I'd have to be driving by it to probably even think of it.
1	Food was crap. Everything tasted the same. Like they have one universal sauce. Service was decent. Won ton soup suckd. Broth with one won ton. No vegetables. Wont eat here again
3	3 Stars ain't a bad thing. I went in on a Saturday afternoon and was the only one there. I watched as egg rolls were made by hand and I was able to place a quite sizeable order and asked all sorts of questions. They don't use microwaves, everything's cooked to order, business isn't as busy as it was during the boom times, etc. I enjoyed the conversation and walked out with $60+ worth of food and even got help taking it to my car. Once we got home we realized that they didn't get my order quite right as some of the stuff we thought we ordered didn't get ordered. But beyond that what we had was not bad. Kung Pao Chicken, Orange Chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken, all of it was a right down the middle experience. There was nothing we disliked enough to turn into table scraps for the dog, but it wasn't an OMG I would drive all the way from Summerlin if we moved over there type thing either. In short this is 3 star territory, and 3 stars have their place. Sometimes you just want No B.S., solid food at a reasonable price. The Lotus will take care of that, just as they have for the 17 years they've been in Henderson. This was far from my first visit (I found Lotus on my first short stay in Vegas) and it won't certainly be the last one either. Don't be star struck and let the 3 stars fool ya. Go check it out. One item of note: They don't really have a kids menu to speak of. I just ordered LoMein noodles for him and he ate a lot of them. So Lotus gets put on the kid approved list.
5	I have been eating at the Lotus restaurant since I was a little kid growing up in Henderson. It has been consistent and good for years!  If you want a good atmosphere with good service an fantastic egg rolls, check out the Lotus!
5	Came here with a group of 5 people including me...Did a family style ordering, getting things like O.C., General Tao's, egg rolls, rice dishes, etc.Service was fast and everything was piping hot.No lie, the best orange chicken I have ever had!!!Kicker, everyone ate and was full, and the cost was just over 30$! Amazing
1	Disgusting, boring, blah food. With tip and all I dropped $40 on Lotus tonight and I wish I had went to Von's and picked up something from the frozen food section instead. It's hard to mess up Kung Pao chicken but Lotus found a way to crank out the most boring, uninspired Kung Pao I've had in a long time. My 2 year old wouldn't touch his vegetable lomein, and the rest of the food we ordered ended up in the trash. For my family Lotus is off our list of possible options. We won't be back anytime soon, if ever.
4	Ahhh the Lotus. An old-Henderson must! The service is fast and friendly. They have good specials and decent food. Don't go here if you are looking for a 5 star place. Go here if you want a great casual dinning experience with greasy American-Chinese food and a sweet little Chinese waitress who will say, "Ah yes, ok, ok, dank you." It's not racist - I adore her!
4	Very above average Chinese food.  We had the szechuan meal for 2, which is quite a bit of food.  We did this on purpose, as we wanted to try several items since it was our first time.  The fried rice was of much higher quality that I've had before.  The veggies were clearly fresh, a lot had a "snap" or crispness to them.  You could taste the egg and pork in the rice.The ribs were a winner, although they were messy.  The egg rolls were a bit on the small side, I would want more substance there.  They deliver to our neighborhood, so for future cravings, I won't have to suffer the indignity of leaving my couch.Excellent, friendly service.  There is a parking lot, but it's small, only a few spaces, and it's a tight fit.  Wish we had more places like this on Water Street.
1	Bland, greasy, uninspired Chinese food... dark and dated atmosphere... no quality for price paid.
4	The Lotus has been on Water St, in Henderson, since 1994. It is a great "hole-in-the-wall" Chinese restaurant. We decided to stop in for an impromptu lunch with some friends.The decor is a bit odd and the ceiling fans below the recessed lighting makes you feel like you are at a rave and need some glow sticks. The waitress was very friendly and quickly sat us. We went during lunch time and they were a bit busy and with only one person waiting tables it took a while to place our orders. We all ordered off the lunch special menu. They had lots of yummy options and at good prices. You get your choice of soups either egg drop or wonton soup, We all chose the wonton soup and it was excellent, (I'd go back just for the soup) I ordered the moo goo gai pan which came with lots of fresh veggies. You get a large portion and it also came with fried rice and an egg roll. My husband ordered mongolian beef which he said was also tasty, but not very spicy like he had expected it to be. If you like spicy mongolian beef, ask them to spice it up! I would definitely go here again. They have good food and great prices. I can't wait to go back again! In the end, the five of us ate for under $40. That is a very rare thing now a days.
4	Now THIS is chinese food! Who cares about the outdated decor, all I see is a grade A posted up, issued by the health department, which translates into 'get ready to GRUB' for me. I went with 2 men and a 6 year old. We ordered 7 main dishes-a variety of chow mein, shrimp, beef and chicken. The waitress was pleasant and even offered suggestions on some of her favorite dishes.  There wasn't much food left once we dug in. It was that good. Every dish was simply amazing. 'Authentic', hole in the wall chinese food at its best. Drinks were always filled, and food was on par. A highlight for me? THEY DELIVER. Even if they didn't, the drive is less than 5 minutes for me. I can safely drive home even after overfilling myself and am in a food coma.
4	Now that I work in the Water street district It was time to try new places for lunch. I ordered the wor won ton soup and it was delicious. Almost as good Golden Buddha's wor won ton soup back In the Bay Area...(oh how I miss the BAY) Any how the soup was tasty, not too salty and loaded with meats and vegetables. I ordered to go and it was a 10 minute wait. not long at all. Customer service is friendly. I will definitely be coming bak here for my Wor won ton soup fix. I may try something else next time!
2	This place can take a tip from Chef Gordon Ramsey or two.The decor is pretty tacky and can be a bit gross at times. Last time I went here, it seemed as though some areas weren't cleaned properly. My friend also commented about how he noticed the cooks wearing only polo shirts as their tops--no aprons, hats or whatsoever proper kitchen attire. Now I knew little to nothing about the culinary arts, so I can't say much on this issue. I think he was just uncomfortable at how unprofessional they appeared, but whatever.Although, I do hope that they wear a head covering of some sorts...I don't want stray hair appearing in my soup. ew.I ordered some sort of seafood soup here--forgot the name--it tasted pretty bland and got cold pretty quick.Their rice and chicken also needed some more spice to it. It seemed like everything had no flavor, including the appetizers. Ugh.I'd only go here if you're too lazy to trek over to Chinatown.
2	I wish I could have ranked this higher but it just didn't seem to be anywhere near the Chinese food I've had in the past.  Food was decent and the restaurant looked like it needed remodeling several decades ago.  Portion sizes were big but taste was...meh
5	Awesome locally owned and run Chinese restaurant, I've been going for years and have never been disappointed. Their lunch specials are very well priced and the food is well done. I highly recommend lotus to anyone who is looking for good food on a budget.
5	I love the homey feel if this place. Extremely tacky, but in the best way. The staff is extremely nice and courteous every time we visit. The food is tasty, especially the little noodle chips they give you as an appetizer. I just don't have anything bad to say about this place.
4	One thing I miss about Henderson, great food, Egg Flower soup, mongolion beef.  Nice Atmosphere.
5	I've personally been coming to The Lotus since it was opened in 1992. I love the food, I love the workers, & I love the owner. The egg flower soup is the best part. My brother & I will ONLY come to The Lotus when we're sick for their egg flower soup. If you haven't tried this place or haven't liked it, well then you're missing out.
3	Any time I am not feeling well, I like to head over to the lotus for a bowl of egg-drop soup and crispy noodles! The soup is hot and thick, just the remedy for a sore throat or when you are feeling under the weather. The soup honestly has magical properties.This place is an outdated Chinese Restaraunt but the food is good. The decor is horrible, lol, but I don't come here to look at walls. Although it isn't PF Changs, the service is good and the food is made to order.
5	Great food and great service. I will definitely be back. A place to be proud to have in this East side of town. For those who made negative comments about this place I feel very sorry for you, I don't think anything pleases you anyway no matter how hard anyone tries.
5	It's hard to find Chinese that is similar to back home, Seattle. We found out here! We've been coming here for years now. The service is always amazing. Family owned. We get the pork fried rice, sweet & sour chicken & pot stickers. Always good!
4	This is a little hole in the wall Chinese Restaurant. Upon arrival of this restaurant it may seem like its not that great, little do they know the food was awesome! Me and my friend had the lunch special which was less then $6 with taxes and you can't go wrong with that. I had the sweet & sour chicken which was delish and you can tell there was no MSG. Most Chinese places I've been to in Vegas was okay. This place is a must if you're in Henderson. I will defenitly be back!
5	I love Lotus. It is my favorite Chinese restaurant so far. I have been here at least a dozen times over the past 10 years and it's fantastic. I usually one of a few different dishes when I go there.This last trip 2 days ago was with my husband and we ate inside the restaurant instead of taking it home. The restaurant is definitely in need of some updates, but it is always clean inside.They have the best pot stickers in the entire valley btw. They are cooked perfectly, the dipping sauce....omg. I'm drooling right now thinking about them. AND most important to me is no onions. Try the pot stickers when you go, you won't regret it. They take your order right away or at least acknowledge you immediately. They also give you crunchy noodles to munch on while you wait and always make sure your glass is full.I ordered the dinner sweet and sour chicken, which comes with hot tea (you have to request it), wonton (or egg drop) soup, rice (I got fried), and an egg roll. I usually have a hard time finding restaurants that serve fried rice without onions, but the Lotus does not add them (hooray!). Good portions, the right amount of crisp in the sweet and sour chicken, and the wonton soup is fantastic. My husband always gets the Mongolian beef and it has just the right amount of sauce and spice. This does have onions but is easy to pick through (or order without). They have never messed up an order whether we eat there or call in to go. Located in downtown Henderson in Water St. They have very little turn over and friendly staff. Check it out.
