5	I have been remodeling a house and these guys put up a block wall for me.  I got a couple of estimates first, Toro came in least expensive and were the most professional and easy to deal with.  Dan came out to give an estimate when he said he would, told me the schedule, how the work would be done.  Then on the agreed upon days the work happened.  No trouble, no drama.  The guys came and knocked it out and left.  I didnt really need to be there.  They placed the concrete for the foundation with reinforcement and placed rebar for the columns.  They dug the foundation and placed the foundation the first day, built the wall the next day and installed the gates the third and were gone.  The gates were custom made to fit the openings so there is no gap or strange filler from using pre-made gates.  If you need a block wall built, these are the guys to do it.  Its the best experience I have had dealing with contractors on this entire remodel.  Cant say enough about how positive the experience was.
5	I needed to build a block fence to enclose the yard of my new house.  The house had a large yard and I needed 230 ft of wall, Dan from Toro Construction met me at my house on time, provided me different options and was able to give me a really good quote on the spot.  I was able to coordinate the wall construction to start right after some trees and oleanders were removed.  His team arrived early everyday and in just three days my entire wall + gate were complete.  The wall looks great and I couldn't be happier with the result, customer service, and price!
5	Dan showed up when promised, completed the block wall on schedule (only 3 days!!!) and even worked with us to create the look we wanted. We recommended his services to our next door neighbor. I would highly recommend this company!!
5	These guys a great!!  The price was only slightly more than the other bid we got and I am so glad we went with Toro Construction.  They were here when the said they would be, they cleaned up after themselves, and most important they did a great job.  The block wall we had them put in our back yard looks far superior to any other I've seen.  I would very much recommend using them.  2 days after the wall went up we had them come back and install a custom gate and again, they did a great job.CindyJ.
