4	I live in the area and on the weekends I'm always looking for a fast meal. The $4 Torpedo they have going now can't be beat.
3	Subs are pretty decent.  For the price it's pretty awful.   $6 and change for a 5 inch sub is crazy but I will admit my sub was pretty tasty.
5	I ate her for the first time a few weeks ago. I've been back like 6 times since then! I am hooked on the prime rib dip :) Fast and clean and they also had a groupon going around.
2	I've never been a fan of Quizno's and this location in particular isn't great. The service is always subpar. When we approach the counter I always feel like I'm bothering them. They barely utter a word of greeting and can't seem to be bothered to even crack a smile or ask if we're ready to order. On every occasion I have been here I have to start the interaction which is a little annoying. We came here recently because I'm a Groupon addict and I just can't seem to resist. I'll stick to Firehouse Subs and Subway in the area instead.
1	First of all, this is the ONLY location that's close by!!! This wasn't my first time. I've never been so insulted, or felt UN-WELCOMED EVER! I won't be back again. The only reason we gave this location two tries was, I had to use my $16 Groupon!!I should of known from the start the staff was HORRIBLE. I was the one who was trying to be polite. I agree with Emily's review completely. They couldn't be bothered to fake a smile! I wish I grabbed this young kid's name working tonight.FIRST of all, I picked up a meatball marinara COMBO. He was rude to my Mother at check out. Then when we ate, I was going to give a simple yelp review for like 3 stars. The food was GOOD but the people working tonight were miserable. You can see it on their faces. My mother had opened her bag of ruffles & told me to try them. I liked those more than the Sun chips. I put the sun chips back, the female employee was right there. She watched me switch them out.We're about to leave, as I grab a refill. The young guy behind the counter's like "You gotta pay for that!!". I came back in, told him "What are you talking about? I just switched the bags, I hadn't opened it." He said "Oh our regular costumers come in and open bags & grab new ones." Well it was just really insulting to me, he doesn't know me.  I know granted I was wearing casual clothing, but I DO NOT steal. SIMPLE.  He really pissed me off. No apology, fine I'll take my money to Firehouse Subs.I hope they're happy that they drive business away. I walked in there at quarter of 6 & the place was EMPTY, as if that wasn't a big enough red flag.I won't be shocked if they're closed in a few months.
2	Overcharged at every avenue. Boyfriend and I each had the pick 2 salad, sandwich, or flatbread ($6.49) and added combos ($2.19). When we reviewed the receipt, everything was charged individually- a meal that was supposed to be around $16 ended up being $22.Poor business practice.
1	Easily the worst Quiznos I have visited, and that is saying a great deal. When I first went in, I was ignored for the first 3 minutes even though there was no one else in the store.  I was then greeted by one of the employees, and her accent was so thick I could not understand half of what she said.  I made it clear to her I had a gift certificate and asked what I could order.  She pointed to the $6, $8, and $10 combo they were offering, and said it was good if you wanted a drink.After I made my order for the combo, and I was being rung up by someone else, I was told I could not use my gift certificate with the combo.  I asked why, and the server became rude and combative.  I asked to speak to a manager to resolve why two different people told me two different things.  I was handed a phone after a minute and was told by a rude woman I could not have the combo, and without getting a chance to say a word, was hung up on.Just avoid this location if you can.  There are other shops in the area and hopefully they are ran by better people who are not out to give Quiznos a bad name.  I do not understand why Quiznos allows these franchise shops to be so rude to customers, but it surely cannot be good for business.
4	I had a Peppercorn Prime Rib sandwich here that I can not get out of my mind.  Make sure you get it on wheat bread because you know... healthy.The Service: well, no one that works here is in any rush.The parking is a bit of a pain due to the high volume of people going to starbucks next door.  The store is very empty but there is never any outdoor seating because all the starbucks customers are sitting in the Quizno seats.
2	Quiznos is not a place I frequent. The prices are high for sandwiches! But it was wet and cold the other day and I wanted some soup so I stopped in. I ordered a bowl of broccoli cheddar soup and a small italian sandwich. I also added a drink and the total was around $10 bux. The sandwich was a decent size for a small and was filling. The soup however, was bland. Even salt and pepper didn't help much. It tasted watered down and not good. I would go back here again maybe for a sandwich but not soup.
