2	I would NOT recommend using this company. They tell you a job will take 1 week and it took 4 weeks to complete. They use all sub contractors, and they work at different paces. Most importantly.....there is NO customer service. The project manager does not care or contact you, expect when he needs a deposit or final payment. The owner/manager, does not care whatsoever. No call backs or concern for clients. Research and use another company.
1	I had this company replace a shower at my house. It should have taken 7 to 10 days. It took 4 weeks to finish.The worst part was trying to deal with the owner and project manager. When I contacted them to voice my displeasure, they just did not care. No customer service what-so-ever. None.They only showed up to pick up deposit and final payment. I would NOT recommend this company to anyone.
1	I received a flyer in the mail with beautiful bathroom pictures from Bath Pro.I called them to give me an estimate on a complete bathroom remodel.The gentleman (?) that showed up was the General Manager.  Smacking gum the entire time, and never showing a smile, he proceeded to measure my bathroom.Certainly not a friendly chap.  He told me he would get back to me with an estimate.  I NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THESE FOLKS!!   Unfriendly, unprofessional, and apparently they do not want my business.
1	Bath Pros - A tale of two disastersWe had Bath Pros remodel our shower:Things that went poorly:1. When additional moneys were requested to cover unforeseen issues, We responded immediately and handed a check to their employee immediately. The following week we were threatened for non payment. Their employee had not yet had time to forward the check.2. Bath Pros argued that the contract specified the money had to be paid by the date in the contract. But their copy of the contract did not match our copy of the signed contract !3. Numerous times, the Bath Pro employees did not show up at all.4. Bath Pros usually did not return phone calls.5. A Bath Pro employee wanted to use our Internet WIFI so he could listen to his music while he worked. After 10 minutes, he left for the day.6. The shower hot-cold valve was hooked up backwards so hot was cold and vice-versa.7. The electrical outlet for the old spa tub, which was removed, was left dangling out of the wall, wires were left exposed.8. Bath Pros requested that we write a letter of recommendation for use on the Internet.In summary: Some of the employees did good work. The general unfriendly behavior of the management staff made the experience unpleasant. It is always assumed that you, the customer, is wrong. They are always waving the contract in your face when the issue is due to their non compliance with their contract.Relatives decided to have their bath remodeled by Bath Pros after seeing our shower.So begins their nightmare:1. Day, after day, the workers did not show up, no messages. Time was lost from work waiting for Bath Pros to show up.2. There were days when we (family members) called the Bath Pro employees to make sure they were going to show up. They said they would. Every two hours we call, they say in two hours. It repeats until the day is gone.3. For three weeks, not a single response from Bath Pros management.  4. Written into the contract was that the work had to be done by November 1st. The completion date was hard and fast because of planned business travel. Bath Pros was repeatedly told of the issue.  The job began the first week of Oct.5. The shower valves and hardware were ordered and received by the home owner.  A Bath Pro employee tells them it's the wrong part. So the home owners send it back and get the valve specified by Bath Pro. After installation of the valves, the water cannot be shut off. The wall had to be opened from the backside (garage) to shut off the water. The valve that was returned had to be reordered (over night shipping). Bath Pro wants another $500.6. While away on business trip, a letter is sent threatening to place a lien on the house.  They threaten with a lien, but Bath Pro never called, emailed, or texted that they had to have the payment. The home owner had a check for partial completion waiting for the Bath Pro employees to show up and pick it up. (They were expected to show up as they were supposed to continue work).7. Now Bath Pros demands full payment, yet, the shower is unusable.  The work is unfinished.The issue is unresolved, we are considering having someone else finish the job.Bath Pros wanted a written recommendation, here it is ....
4	I had this company replace a shower at my house. It should have taken 7 to 10 days. It took 4 weeks to finish.The worst part was trying to deal with the owner and project manager. When I contacted them to voice my displeasure, they just did not care. No customer service what-so-ever. None.They only showed up to pick up deposit and final payment. I would NOT recommend this company to anyone.
