3	Another chain establishment.  The sad thing is that we "tried" to go to Red Lobster first, but were repelled by the large crowd of waiting people.  No, I don't want to stand around like cattle waiting for my pager to buzz so I can be ushered to a cramped seat, fed, branded, and ushered out again stampede style.  The mighty gods of chain restaurants everywhere are wagging their fingers at me right now saying, "what do you expect lady?"  I know, I know.  So we went to Olive Garden down the street.  No wait there.  Our waitress was very young, I'll refer to her as "Sparky".  My dining companion had a sudden need to try some wine, so he asked Sparky what would pair well with the lasagna.  She didn't come across confident as she pointed to the list of wines on the menu that mister dining companion was holding.  She finally chose one and said that it would go well with the "meaty" dish.  I'm not sure what either one of us was expecting because after all this is Olive Garden and we have almost zero knowledge of wines.  So de-classA!!  After Sparky left our table, dining companion says that he expects the chosen wine to be the suck because Sparky doesn't look like she's even old enough to drink, let alone have knowledge of the fine wines.  But you know, none of this really matters when you consider the fact that compared to her we are old as dirt, and still don't know shit about wine.I had the eggplant Parmesan with Alfredo sauce.  It usually comes with marinara, but if I'm going to have a heart attack it had better well be because of something I enjoyed eating, not something I felt like I had to eat in the name of my health!  Hell no!  Dining companion had his red wine something or other, and he was right it sucked.  He described it as tasting like, "the barrel it came out of".  After the main course I had the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake.  I made sure to look in a direction where no one could see my face before I crossed my eyes from sheer delight.  I am a pumpkin lovin' nerd by nature, and this cheesecake was gooood.So this chain experience wasn't too bad.  The only thing that sucked was no refill on the bread sticks.  If I'm going to go slummin' at the chain restaurants, I expect the constant refills man.  Especially on those items they advertise as "bottomless" and/or "never-ending".   Finally, Sparky took a long time to bring by the check, and this goes against the code of chain fine dining, wham, bam, thank you mam.  Touche!
4	Now yes I know it is yet another Olive Garden but I really felt it necessary to comment on this location.  I frequent this location when going to my families lake house in Portage.  I must say this location really stands alone.  The staff is outstanding and the service and food is always top notch.  If it was closer to Chicago this staff could easily go and work at any of the top restaurants here in Chicago.
4	This is a reliable consistent place to eat.   Mario Batali might scoff but you know what this isn't New York, and your looking for food off the side of the interstate. The service was excellent,  we started with Lasagna Fritta(Parmesan-breaded lasagna pieces, fried and served over alfredo sauce, topped with parmesan cheese and marinara sauce) this was real good.  YUMMY!  The wife ordered the chicken dumpling soup.  I ordered a salad.  chicken dumpling soup is a traditional dish, that is very simple to prepare, and excels when done with perfection.  This one was not.  UGH!  The dumplings were doughy tasting blobs.  The soup had a off taste to it.   The salad was ok.  For dinner I ordered Manicotti Formaggio with Chicken(Ricotta, mozzarella, parmesan cheese and herbs, baked in pasta rolls with marinara sauce) and the wife ordered Stuffed Chicken Marsala(Oven-roasted chicken breast stuffed with Italian cheeses and sun-dried tomatoes, topped with mushrooms and a creamy marsala sauce. Served with garlic parmesan mashed potatoes).   Both dishes tasted good, and were served hot.  YUMMY!
3	soup, salad and breadsticks. we were in and out in 20 min with two bowls of soup each. watch out, the drinks will get you. soft drinks and iced tea are like $2.50 each.
5	I'm giving this Olive Garden 5 stars mainly because of the server we had. Matt did a superb job at making sure we had a pleasant meal. I also was amazed at the fact that the parking lot was jam packed and yet we only had to wait 5-10 min to be seated. So ask for Matt when you go for dinner.
5	I went here last night with a group of my coworkers for dinner.It's been a long time that we've been to Olive Garden   The food was pretty good and the wait staff was AMAZING.  We had the following: Chianti Braised Short Ribs (it's was ok, the meat was a bit overcooked/dry not juicy, risotto a bit too much salt.  Veggie seemed overcooked).Braised Beef & Tortelloni (really good, I was told my coworkers would get it again)Tender sliced short ribs and portobello mushrooms tossed with asiago-filled tortelloni in a basil-marsala sauce. Capellini di Mare (really good, didn't smell fishy, pasta was NOT aldente though, a bit overcooked for my taste).Grilled Shrimp Caprese (pretty good per my coworker, shrimps were not overcooked, pasta a bit overcooked).But the overall high rating for this place was more of our waiter Craig D.  Can I tell you, we've NEVER had a wait staff being so attentive for our party of 5.  He knew who got what, the timing of our drinks/salad/soups/main meals were on spot, like clockwork.  He made sure our drinks/water was full, the bread was fresh and warm, salad and soup refills even without us asking for more.  He made us feel like we were in a 5 star restaurant, really.  What great service, next time when we're back in town we'd go back again!
4	Yes, it's a chain.  Is it top of the line?  No.  But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.  They handle groups well.  This place is always on the list for my office to have lunch.  I recommend it.
1	One of the employees stole my sons wallet.  He left it at the table and with in a half hour is disappeared.  The management are not willing to do anything about this and say that it just disappeared and that their employees do not steal.  I have managed restaurants, and theft is quite common.  Ever watch restaurant undercover on Foodnetwork.  The management actually laughed at me that i would think the employees would steal.
5	It's been over a month & I can not remember the servers name unfortunately. We arrived late on a Sunday evening on our way home from Minneapolis.  After checking into our hotel we were pleasantly surprised the restaurant was still seating.We walked in and while there was no hostess a really great brunette server welcomed us and sat us in her section that was immediately left of the bar area & first booth on the left. We ordered the salad which is pretty much a given drenched with dressing.  We asked if we could just get a piece of grilled chicken and al dente veggies our waitress said she would check. We never ask for special orders unless its clear that similar options are on the menu. She brought out a chef to hear what we wanted. We were blown away. She cared so much about getting the order right she got a chef out there. To his credit he rocked it. YUM! Grilled chicken & lightly cooked veggies were perfect. We asked our waitress to please let him know how much we appreciated his efforts & how good they were.
3	Olive Garden is Olive Garden.  What can you say?  On this visit, I was with a group of 8 people.  It was insanity.  They sat us at two tables which made a weird shape.  A circle and a square?  The ability to converse was difficult.  Our server was so overwhelmed.  He should have had some help.  Then again, obviously, it is Olive Garden.  Same as usual.
1	I was hungry so I stopped in. Not hard to be seated at 4:30PM. FIrst time at an OG. Salty, doughy breadsticks. Minestrone OK. Eggplant parmesan, greasy, boring cheese. The red sauce, peppery but no substantial flavor.Chicken parmesan. Might as well walk down the street, head into McDonald's, pay one fifth the price and order some chicken nuggets."Have we arrived at our taste destination?" Huh? No, we aren't in Italy. Italian food is light years beyond what is served at OG. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. If you can't do the basics correctly, how are the other dishes fare?This chain of restaurants is one of many contributing to American obesity. Quantity vs. quality. "Unlimited soup, breadsticks" makes you think you got a bargain. I think not. I left full, but I can get full at McDonald's too. Americans don't know the difference any more.
3	They took the Sausage and Peppers Rustica off the menu once again.... Lame! My friend and I were given 2 different menus, mine was old and many of the items were no longer available. Thanks for getting my hopes up Olive Garden...
