4	Overall I'd have to give it a 4-star review!  Go geek!Yes, there was some disorganization with some of the Con such as some of the lines and some of the forums.  But for the 1st year of the Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con in a brand new venue?  There are bound to be some hiccups.  No convention goes without a hitch!I managed to become a volunteer for the 1st Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con by applying through the website.  This Con is from the same folks that brought you the Amazing Arizona Comic Con, Jay Company Comics.  With this first Con here in Las Vegas, they were really trying to impress!  The biggest draws were artist Jim Lee, and the legendary Stan Lee!  Stan 'The Man' Lee!  This was bound to draw some crowds.For an untested Las Vegas market folks like this being at the Con was a plus.  Of course with the main draw, a lot of other big name comic artists and writers made their trek to the Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con.  Names like:-Skottie Young (who couldn't show because of a medical emergency)-Rick Remender-Humberto Ramos-Gerry Duggan-Ryan Stegman-Greg Capullo-Tony Fleecs-Neal Adams!-Rob Liefeld!Many to go around and get some sweet signatures and sketches from!  All there were true artists to the comic form.  Sure it could have been a bigger show, but for a first time Con in Las Vegas this was a great thing.  And oh don't forget the vendors!  Lots and lots of comic books!  Nerdy toys for everyone!  Cosplayers abound!  There was something for everyone!  I particularly like when a Con has tons of toys to look at since I'm an action figure junkie.  Need that missing Justin Timberlake N'Sync doll for your collection?  It was there!  Wanted a San Diego Comic Con exclusive Star Wars 501st Legion figure?  It was there!  Had the urge to spend your last $150 on the rare & hard to find Walmart short-card Walking Dead Series 1 Rick Grimes figure?  It was there!Oh yeah, vendors were there in force to make some money!  T-shirts, books, cards, everything geeky & nerdy alike...it was all there!  Yes folks, some of these nerds are packin' DOUGH.  I managed to spend more than I really wanted to.  $60 for a Stan Lee signature?  Done.  $60 to get your comic graded with a Stan Lee signature?  Done.  $20 for a deal on DC's The New 52 Justice League #1 & a Superman Unchained #1 1 in 25 variant?  Done.  $5 for a My Little Pony variant cover?  Done.  $100 for a VIP signature session for Superman Unchained with Jim Lee?  Done.  My pocket was sweating bullets after the weekend.With going to the Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con there was your choice of ticket packages.  A $150 VIP package included 3 days of Con entry, VIP access to see Jim Lee, and a slew of items exclusive to the Con and some extra gifts.  There was also a big Groupon deal that went on a month before, and some days entry was as low as $12 a person!  I ended up volunteering for three different shifts which allowed me free entry to the Con each day.  Perfect for those wanting to save some money for expensive swag!Personally I had a lot of fun for the money I ended up spending.  Stan Lee did end up bending my comic that he signed for me, but I guess I'll just have to forgive him.  Some folks spent some money for the VIP package and have said that the things that came with it weren't quite worth the price.  I heard from others that it was the best day of fun they had with their kids in a while.  Sunday was definitely geared for kids, free sketches from Mat Nastos for Phineas & Ferb, as well as sketches for My Little Pony from Tony Fleecs!  Sure, the 1st year for the Amazing Las Vegas Comic Con had some hiccups and some folks with complaints.  But Jay Company Comics and all of his staff did a great job navigating the Con through the weekend.  Overall for them, I hope it is a success.  Because I want to volunteer again next year!
3	It wasn't what I was expecting- there were no panels, contests, seminars, workshops, etc. like most conventions offer. BUT it was still fun. I only went on day 3 which allowed me to grab a few items on closing day sale prices (two prints for the price of one, shirts marked down a couple dollars, etc.). But due to the lack of extras (such as panels) I can't say going all 3 days would have been worth it unless you really need 3 days in order to shop. There were several booths offering quite a variety. I went with friends who do not collect comic books- and there was still plenty for them to look at and purchase (books, artwork, jewelry, shirts, etc). Cosplayers were out in hoards and made for a fun time meeting and getting to know new people. I hope they make this a yearly event but I also hope that they do add in those few extras that make for a better convention and make it more than just 'a lot of shopping.' It could be a GREAT convention; it just isn't up to that status just yet... BUT for what it was- it was still a good time, with plenty to see. I'd go again.
3	Not bad for a first year event. It was a small, but fun convention. The prices for single day tickets seemed a bit high given the size of the event and what was with the $2 service fee? Plus they closed ticket sales early on Friday. That aside, the staff and volunteers seemed to be working hard and all fans in attendance got a chance to meet some big names in the comic book industry.I would rate this convention a little higher, but I cannot because of the experience my friend and others who purchases the VIP packaged had. They sold out of VIP packages. At the event, they did not have enough VIP bags so many were told to pick up their bags the next day. When they did finally receive their bags, many of the promised items were missing and some seemingly random items were put in as a replacement. Their website also said VIPs would get 8-10 items signed by Jim Lee. This was changed to 6 items and then again to 5 items just before the signing. My friend was also told a drawing for VIPs would be held at 5:30pm only to later learn that they held it in a hallway at 4pm. Not a huge deal, but I think an email or letter of apology to all who purchased VIP packages would have gone a long way rather than just telling people that the fine print said things could change at any time.Despite that, I would not hesitate to attend again if they do this again next year. Although, minus another star for scheduling a stand-up comedian they knew told off-color jokes to be the opening act for the costume contest; an event they had to know would draw a lot of kids.
3	For a first year con, I thought they pulled it off very well. Being located at the Southpoint made it much easier for me to get back to the house if I didn't want to pay convention prices for food and the location was nice due to the use of the giant convention halls. Some things I truly hated though were the $45 for a one day pass. That is more than Anime Expo, and they pull in 160,000 people. I might go again next year if the price is dropped and they get more booth with shirts and not ones with used legos.
5	I am an artist and comic creator. I had a great time setting up at ALVCC. There was a large enthusiastic group of fans at the show who were interested in commissions and original art.Having the show inside the South Point Casino makes it super convenient. I was able to eat at the various restaurants, watch a movie, play blackjack and get up in time to be at my table before the show opened. Lots of free parking was a welcome change from other shows. The staff of ALVCC was very organized and helpful. It made set up easy and hassle free which after traveling from LA was much appreciated. I give the event 5 stars. I'll definitely be back ready to draw for the crowds.
5	Unlike most cons I have been to, I'm actually able to move around. It's quite spacious. A large selection of artists in the dealer room and energetic panels. I'll be coming back next year.
