4	This McDonald's is located just a couple of blocks from the hotel I stayed at in Las Vegas - an Embassy Suites Hilton property - therefore it is within walking distance (There does not appear to be many businesses within walking distance of this hotel).Had a late lunch here around 2:00 pm.  Ordered the #3 value meal: Quarter Pounder w/ cheese, medium fries and lemonade.Meal came up promptly, was hot, not greasy, fries were crisp - all was good!Interesting note: in order to use the restrooms - you have to let them know at the counter - and then they buzz you in - no physical key. Makes me wonder about the status of the surrounding neighborhood!There is also a large red DVD rental machine in the dining area of this Mickey D's.
1	The service here was terrible. They got my breakfast order wrong three times, each time with the same exact mistake. The morning  cashier there, dalia, didn't even attempt to move a muscle to get me the right order. Food is just like any other mcdonalds, service was the worst. There's 50 others you can go to within a mile anyway
5	One of best McDonalds in Vegas, always very clean,, great service ,, close to the Las Vegas Strip...
5	I agree with Douglas--this is one of the best McDonald's in Las Vegas.  I stopped here for a quick ice cream last night and I was immediately impressed with the newness and nice design of the place.The staff took my order quickly, and I was on my way to a table very quickly.  The tables were clean and the restaurant was clean.  I was really impressed!They have free wifi which is a nice bonus.  If I need at break some day and I'm in the area, I'll definitely stop again.
1	Went here to get some cookies for a friend. The drive thru person Lamoni, sucked and couldn't tell the difference from coffee to her asshole, also a car broke down in the drive thru.
4	So I love McDonald's breakfast and we were on our way to the convention center for the Heli-Expo and I ordered my usual of one bacon egg and cheese biscuit, and one bacon egg and cheese McGriddle and they were great as usual.  The service was also quick and good. I don't understand the people that complain about the service or food from McDonald's what do you really expect.  Go somewhere else if you want better service, or literally go anywhere else but don't complain you know what you are getting yourself into.  After we sat down and got our food we noticed that one of the huge front windows was completely shattered.  It actually looked really neat and then we asked what happened they said that someone shot it the night before.   The other nice thing about this McDonald's is it has free Wi-Fi for all of its customers.
1	Truly disgusting place.
4	I'LL HAVE ONE BREAKFAST MCMUFFIN, HOLD THE GUNFIREIf you're in Vegas for an event at the Convention Center, you'll probably be up early enough for breakfast. If you're not there on work, you might just want to sleep through this part of the day. McDonald's breakfast is not sold nearly long enough. I never make it there on time! How hard would it be to serve eggs all day?!!  In any case, this McD's is convenient to the convention center.We stopped here more than once on our last Vegas trip a couple months back. On one of the visits while dining in, we noticed a bullet hole in the window from the night before. Someone probably mad about breakfast not being served all day is my guess.Service was good. Food was average. The coolest thing about this location was the deco. It was so modern inside. Clean and cool. I like that.
1	I'm a Mclover, and I had no problemwith the workers. But I have a problem waiting more than 30 minutes for my cheeseburger. They weren't even busy! This was my first and last time at this location.
4	I am not a fan of fast food. But sometimes a girls gotta eat late! I came here after my LONG flight from Honolulu and I was pretty darn hungry. They were out of Southwest salads, but the bacon chicken wasn't bad. The salad was still fresh and the chicken was warm. I would go back if I ever had a late night McCraving!
1	Cold terrible cardboard on a bun, trashy service, homeless people drinking 24oz cans of Natural Ice inside the place!
1	Was told at 5am that burgers arent made until 4pm by some chubby ogre latina.Stay in school kids.
1	Please people if you are looking for a "fast food" to eat do not go to this place. 15 minute for a simple double cheese burger. Employees work slower then my grandma.
1	I should have known better. I can count on one hand the number of times I've been to McDonald's in the past ten years. However, my choices were extremely limited so I thought I'd give it another shot. This visit was a reminder why I don't come here. It totally sucked!1. The staff was unpleasant.2. The fries were room temperature.3. The burger tasted vile.4. I have no complaints about the diet Coke.Next time I'll just go hungry.
