4	We went to this location to actually get food from Angelina's Pizzeria, which used to run out of the kitchen also.  The apparently left sometime in March.  The last time I had O'Aces was at the NW location and like 5 years ago.So my boyfriend was disappointed not go get his favorite items off Angelina's menu, and I was disappointed not to see a item I had eaten 5 years ago at another location.I had eaten the Chicken Fried Steak at another location and LOVED it, so I was pretty excited to eat it again.  But, not listed on this menu.  Not sure if their menu is different in each location, or just changed in so long.We were the only ones in the dining room around 8pm on a Friday night, so we felt awkward, but our waitresses were nice and everything came out fast.  The portions were huge and I couldn't even begin to finish my burger and fries. The fish and chips my boyfriend got seemed good, and his side salad was fresh and crisp.
1	Just left and had a really good time until the end. There was a costume contest and our friend came in second. He won a bottle or so we thought. Went to the bar to claim it and the bartender said he already gave it to the person the owner told him to give it to. The bartender is the same person who announced our friend won second place!  We asked to speak to the owner who had Already mysteriously left. I wonder whose friend got the bottle? This was our first AND last time we Will go there. Our waitress was amazing. Don't know her name but She was dressed as a fire fighter. Its too bad that they lost 5 new customers over this. We only live 5 minutes away and I thought we found our new  football hangout but I guess not. Cheaters.
3	Stopped in here on the way home for a drink.  Was good atmosphere for a bar.  Music wasn't too loud, lights weren't too bright, and wasn't smoked out.  The bartender was a nice guy.  Easy to chat with and took care of all my drinks since I was playing a little Keno.  Good little local spot hidden off the frontage road.  I'd definitely revisit.
2	The drinks are stiff here but the food could be much better.  Waitress (Melissa) is very nice.It would be nice if they showed some hockey games once and a while.  If you have nowhere else to be........its an OK place.
5	Love this place. Super cool atmosphere. Awesome jukebox.  Bartenders are great. Can't ask for a better place to be. They take care of their gamers. Thats for sure. Love Courtney and Shawn!!!
5	Love this place!
5	If you are looking for a place where "everyone knows your name" O'Aces is your place.  I have been a regular at this bar for years, and everyone from the staff to the regulars are great.  If you are a gamer the promotions are awesome and they really know how to take good care of you.  All the bartenders are great, friendly and know how to make a drink.They recently changed the kitchen to "Shade" and we have not had one bad thing.  I would recommend the STROMBOLI!!! Come by and take a look for yourself and see why so many people love O'Aces and the great bartenders!  It is a second home for many!
5	Courtney took care of the contest issue so I am changing my previous review to five stars.  We'll be back.  Thanks!
3	They have a new menu food was good.  Not a great place for watching sports, tv's only at the bar.  Service was really slow for food, I waited a quarter and a half for fried fish.
2	Eh...I'll be honest, considering that this is the location for the KOMP Monday Night Football game, I expected something completely different on the inside.  It's very...classy looking.  And by classy I mean, decorative, sparse and dimly lit.They don't have a great food menu to order from, and the traditional bar food that they do have isn't that great.  Also, I don't think they were running any specials to coincide with the Sunday Night Football game, which seems a little weird in a town made up of bars.They have a few televisions around the bar and then random spots with no furniture where a small 24" television is set up on the wall.  Who's actually standing around watching those small televisions?When we walked in, our group sat down, ordered our drinks, and then noticed the lack of patrons.  The place was dead.  We waited a few moments and then debated leaving and finding somewhere else to watch the game, but our drinks had already been brought out.  Admittedly, had it not been for the great service, this location would only be getting one star, however, as much as I'm a stickler for good customer service, it's not enough to entice me back.
5	Great place to hang, watch the game, gamble, and enjoy the great service from the bartenders!
4	Tip: ask for a rocks glass to put over the '100 coin bet' button which is right next to the 'bet one' button. I accidentally hit that my first time. Luckily I won.
3	I was in here last night for a wine and canvas event. It was my first time in this tavern and it was mostly an enjoyable experience. The bartender was fabulously friendly. The service was prompt and his good mood was contagious. I asked if there were any drink specials and was pleased to find out that it was happy hour until 7 and everything was half price. Cool. Pint of New Castle, $2. Stella, $2 etc. Not bad, and they had about 12 beers on tap. On that alone I could give this place 4 stars but alas it was not to be. This place was SMOKY. Hated it. It was around 6pm, pretty busy and from what I could see, not ALL but MOST of the patrons were smoking. As soon as I got my draft and paid my tab I booked it to the room off the bar where my event was being held. The door to the bar was closed and this area was completely smoke free which I was thrilled about. I'll be happy when Nevada jumps on the clean-air bandwagon, but until then I'll be frequenting the smoke free establishments.
4	Excellent late night food. Nice atmosphere. Friendly, attentive service.
2	When I was unable to open the front door to get into O'Aces, I should have recognized it as a sign that breakfast at O'Aces should not happen!  I pulled on the door several times, and then I walked out the entry way to see if there was another entrance.  No, there wasn't.  Back to the door.  A few more hard yanks and someone from inside came and opened the door.  I had gone brain dead over the fact that video poker bars/restaurants like this lock their doors for the overnight and morning hours as a precaution.  I never thought to look for the buzzer nor was there a sign anywhere saying to use same.  I did get in, however, and the first thing that hit me was the smell of cigarette smoke both stale and fresh and there was only one customer in the place.  From the reviews, I had expected some, but I got a full shot.  I walked into the restaurant area.  Under the Nevada Clean Indoor Act these places were to be separated from the smoking bar areas with enclosures.  They had the doors, but they were wide open.  Perhaps the the Legislature changing the law during its last session, O'Aces may not need to have the area sealed from the bar.The waitress brought my menu.  There was a limited number of items on the breakfast section and I chose the 4 egg sausage and cheese omelette.  I got hash browns and my choice of toast was their sourdough.  Coffee was brought quickly and was refilled once during the time I was there although I was asked a second time.  Since I was fooling with my phone, the waitress asked if I needed more time before ordering and I said, "Yes."  She left and then it was a wait for her to come back.  I think she knew I was a special case (see getting in the front door above.)The order was placed and then I waited.  About 15 minutes later, when I was thinking that I had certainly made the wrong decision in choosing O'Aces, the cook brought my breakfast to the table.  He then looked for the waitress because I think he'd been waiting for her to come pick up the order.  Now, there still are only two customers in the place--me and the guy smoking and drinking at the bar.The omelette was OK.  Nothing special.  It was like they cooked one small sausage link, cut it into small pieces, and then mixed it with canned cheese and put it on the omelette before folding and plating.  It was no 4 egg omelette.  I've made bigger with only two eggs.  It was filling and it got me revved for the Make A Wish Run so it fulfilled its purpose.I then had to wait a fair amount of time for the check to be brought.  There were still only two people in the place, me and...well you know who.  I put bills in the check holder and I got up and walked toward the bar where the waitress was in deep conversation with the guy at the bar.  That's what had kept her from doing her other work in a timely manner.  I handed her the folder, made my way to the door, pressed the button to unlock the door (see I'm eminently trainable), and out I was into the fresh air.I made a mistake going there and I knew it at the front door.  Live and learn!
2	Walked in to a wall of smoke.. Immediately turn around and left
1	This bar is no longer O'Aces and is now a PT's... which is pretty surprising because there is a PT's right around the corner on Sunset & Fort Apache... We stopped in because I received a coupon in the mail for BOGO appetizer and thought, what the heck!?!?! Let' s try it out.. We love PT's on Buffalo & 215... But how can 2 places that go by the same name be so different... It was 1 day before the Grand Opening but the bartender/server (it was mid-afternoon so she was the only one there) just did not want to be working and was borderline rude.... We had been sitting ready to order for awhile but she never came by even though she saw us looking around. So I then went up to the bar so I could place our order.. she just looked up at me and ignored me. Ughhh.. She finally came around to take our order... When our food came out (chicken nachos & egg rolls) it was room temperature and not tasty at all.. WTF..... The chef came around to ask about the food so I appreciate that but I didn't want to be the girl who complains about the food to the chef while using a BOGO coupon...Lesson learned.. won't be come back to this PT's again....
