5	This place is a new gem in Madison and will definitely be added to my regular circuit. Be warned: they take both the food and the atmosphere very seriously (in a good way).We happened to stop by for opening night this evening and were really impressed with the space and the service. The restaurant is in one of the old buildings on the 100 block of state street and they kept a lot of the original features when they built the current business (the stained glass windows, plaster trusses, and hardwood floors are original features).One thing I was really impressed by was the waiter's knowledge of the menu and pronunciation of Italian dishes. He really helped us order the right items based on what we were hungry for.I got the mushroom gnocchi, which was out of this world. We also got the arancini as an appetizer and I got to try some of my friend's margherita pizza. The food is the real highlight of this place, as everything was delicious.The prices were high-end for Madison; our bill came out to about $45 per person with a round of drinks, an appetizer, and entrees.I felt a little under dressed as most of the staff were wearing fancier clothes and the managers were donned in suits. I would say the dress code is dressy casual.Caitlin, resident sommelier of Fresco, stopped by to answer some of our questions about the building and tell us about their opening. She was quite knowledgeable and very friendly, offering her opinion of our dinner options.I absolutely loved the place and will be taking friends and family back presto.
5	After checking out Cento on it's opening night, I can say for certain that I will be heading back there for other meals. I can tell that Food Fight and chef Michael Pruett were meticulous when choosing the location and designing the space and menu for this new Italian restaurant.I will say that it has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing spaces i've seen in a restaurant. Everything inside it looks brand spanking new, or it's super old to the point where it's charming. There's really too many facets about it to list, and the people there can describe it better than I can, so i'd recommend checking the space out for yourself to witness it. It's just gorgeous.All of the food that I tasted that night was spot on. Among them included the Arancini (which are fried Risotto balls), which was a goodie because it managed to satisfy my impulse for fried things without tasting greasy at all. The ricotta-filled agnolotti was also good, although more mild/subtle on its flavors. The fennel was an excellent side dish to go along with the agnolotti. Finally, for dessert we all split a slice of what was dubbed an olive oil cake, and that was delectable. Also, note that the cocktails are well worth a go, particularly the Mulo Romano. That was a very flavorful drink, and i'm excited to have another one of those soon.Much like the setting, the service we received on opening night was also stellar. Our server Alex had an extensive knowledge of the menu, which was useful for us, as the menu isn't the easiest to read through for people not used to it. Everyone was accommodating, polite, and the orders all came out timely. I couldn't really ask for anything better.The only thing Cento disappointed me on was the portion sizes, which I felt were a bit small. This could just be because I was famished entering the place that day, and i'm a man with a gigantic appetite. So, others maybe won't find this to be a problem. Besides that, I felt like Cento nailed all of the aspects of a dining experience, which is no easy task!
5	I've been searching for a superb Italian restaurant since moving to Madison eight years ago.  I believe Cento hits that mark.  I agree with all the previous comments on the atmosphere -- it was nice.But, the highlight is that the food is well prepared.  Great ingredients, seasoned properly, and cooked to perfection -- from pizza to pasta to sandwiches.  By the way, we went for lunch, where the menu is shorter but so are the prices -- still great food -- I will now gladly go and spend money again on dinner.Oh, and one of the best bloody mary's I've sampled in the area . . .
2	Cento is yet another uninspiring Food Fight restaurant. It's pretentious, overpriced and the food is universally bland. We had the sausage pizza and the prosciutto pizza. Both required salt and and pepper - but you had to ask for it. No salt and pepper is provided on any of the tables. The boned half chicken had a nice texture but was similarly under seasoned and required the salt and pepper. The fish items on the menu are all farm raised. The steak tartar came on a huge wafer-esque cracker that oddly tasted fishy. The tartar itself consisted of perhaps 2 tablespoons of bland and chewy beef. The only interesting item we ordered was the beet salad. It was really very good and the reason I gave Centro two rather than one stars. The dining room is appealing, the waitress pleasant, but that's about it.
4	Traveling from Los Angeles, we were looking for a good restaurant and Cento did not disappoint. Butcher Board appetizer was SO good, very tasty and I was very impressed they were serving local Wisconsin cheese. We also ordered a pizze (super tasty and loved the wood fire oven taste), the roasted cauliflower with country ham (AMAZING!) and the roasted pollo with salsa verde. All of the food was very, very good. The service was fantastic - we arrived before the dinner rush and when we sent back a room-temp Pelligrino they happily replaced it with a cold bottle for free. The restroom was very clean, ambiance very nice and pleasant, not too loud and overall one of the best dining experiences in Madison for out-of-towners.
4	I have a feeling Cento is going to be a big hit very quickly. Food is high-quality, really tasty (esp. the arugula mix on the side of the lemon-y chicken entree - can't remember the name, but MAN), and well-prepared.The chicken I had might've benefited from a little something extra; it was very good, but it tasted like just a small step up from something I could've made at home. The arancini (fried risotto balls) were similar - tasted great and were well-done, but didn't quite have that "Oh my GOD" factor for me.Otherwise, service was great, prices are right in line with the quality and setting, and the restaurant itself is just gorgeous. I'll go back to try more food, but to be honest, I'd go just for the dining room!
4	I'm giving this 4 stars, but I believe this will become a 5 star review and quite possilby the best restaurant in Madison in due time. I went after it was open for only 4 days, and my meal was excellent but not quite perfect. I am pretty picky at expensive restaurants, and none of the minor flaws were things that would prevent me from returning. I had the hamachi crudo with crispy potatoes -- if each bite had a little of every garnish (especially the tiny lightly spicy pepper) it was delicate and delicious. But if the bite missed any of the many small elements on the dish, then it lacked seasoning. I also had manila clams which were delicious, light with a wonderful broth -- but there was a little grit in the broth. And I also had a half order of agnolotti with a pea sauce with shaved truffles. The flavor was absolutely out of this world, but it arrived at the same time as the clams, and the truffle was too strong to eat alongside the light clams.The housemade pasta was a little TOO al dente for my taste, but I understand that many chefs believe in leaving a "bite" to noodles and risotto that isn't to my taste. I was concerned the pasta would get cold if I ate it last, but it was just fine. So, a small plate, an antipasti and a 1/2 primi plus a nice glass of white wine ran me $70 with tip. So not cheap -- but a very elegant room and a really interesting menu. I am eager to go back and try several other items on the menu
5	Cento is great foods, excellent service.Granted, our waitress broke the cork of our wine, but the manager and sommelier both came to apologize and gave us free dessert. It was completely unnecessary. Having worked at italian restaurants myself, I completely understood what the poor girl was going through.Still, everyone was extremely friendly, even with midwestern standards. Recommendations were spot on, the sommelier commented on the wines we had, and the manager came out to comment on our dishes.The food was equally excellent. We had the beef tartare and calamari as appatizers, which were great (the calamari was a bit on the heavy side). The beef tartare was very fresh. We also had the pizza margherita - it was cooked in their stone oven which made the crust super crispy and the tomato sauce was excellent. AFterwards we had the black tagliatalle seafood pasta with sea urchin sauce. I've had worse seafood pasta's in Japan's Ginza district. I was super impressed.Finally, the lamb, dessert, and dessert wine were equally impressive. I will be recommending Cento to all of my friends. I'm a student now, so expensive restaurants aren't usually my thing, but I will definitely be coming back to Cento soon!
4	Loved it - first it's a beautiful space and it's appropriate to dress up a bit, so that's pretty rare in Madison. Also the food and presentation is top notch. We tried a couple of appetizers, a couple pasta dishes, split an entree and two desserts... Add three cocktails and your at $65 per person including tip, but the food was great. In particular they have a fish, deboned and wrapped in prosciutto that I'm voting the best fish dish in town!
4	Headline:  A beautifully designed space with great service -- a great addition to downtown. Hits:  House cocktails, small plates, and deserts are the stand outs for me.  Also the front of house staff is stellar, particularly given how recently the place opened. Misses: To new to say. I will revise after a few months of operations. Hints: Tons of new and interesting Italian wines. Don't be afraid to ask for guidance or pairing advice.   Also, put together a group and book the chef's table. Bottom-line:  You will have a great time whether your seated at the chef's table or at the bar.
4	The service here is almost too good. The decor is very elegant--I felt underdressed stumbling in after yoga class, which is noticeably uncommon for Madison. Although the food was delicious, there was nothing that absolutely demanded I come back to eat it again. I will be coming back though; I'm excited to see what this place can do once it's been open for more than a fortnight.
5	We loved our meal in this great space. I am giving it 5 stars because we loved it even though it's going through "new restaurant" growing pains.Lovely staff, great menu that is beyond what one could have made at home, which is hard to say about most Italian food.The desserts: Poorly conceived and poorly executed. Tiramisu shouldn't be deconstructed precisely because it's the way the ingredients interact and melt in to each other that makes it wonderful. They left out crucial parts and left the others just lay there in the plate. So, call it something else. Italian food works best when it isn't overworked, over plated and lets the superior ingredients speak for themselves. Most of our meal was like that.
4	Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  The ambiance of this place is great.  It's a little more formal, but not so much so that you feel under dressed or out of place.  The food was excellent.  The bacon wrapped dates were out of this world.  Overall I think this is going to be a new go-to spot for me.
4	As H voted to come and try this new restaurant, I was ready to bet we would be severely disappointed. After all Italian food I have really high standards for Italian food and some of the pics I saw of the dishes made me worry this might be the kind of over-sauced Italian I hate. I couldn't be farther from the truth.I really enjoyed all the food there. I had the small ricotta gnocchi (which was not all that small) and H had the small black fetuccini with seafood. I tried the fetuccini and I liked them, but I think the gnocchi where much better. The mushroom and cheese sauce well complemented the gnocchi without weighting them down too much.After that we shared the Arctic char. The fish itself was perfect. Skin was crispy and fish was cooked to perfection. The vegetables, were good but a bit oily for my taste. Flavor was there and cooking was pretty much spot on, but I would have drained most of the oil they had been cooked in before plating them.After the fish I was pretty much full, but BF opted for dessert and chose the berry sorbet. It was OK a bit sweet for my taste and not all that special according to me, but he liked it. For $7 I would have skipped it (It was worth about $3-5 to me).Service, location and wine were good and well complemented the food. If I have to criticize something I would say the room was a bit dark and pretty cold.Will enter the rotation of spendy restaurants that deserve my money on special occasions.
5	Now here's a place to become a regular. What a wonderful addition to Madison's already delicious litany of downtown restaurants with good ambiance and great food. The atmosphere is perfect -- open and sleek, but not austere, with a substantial bar area. The service is excellent as well, with attentive but not overbearing waiters and waitresses who actually seem knowledgeable about both the cocktail and food menu. But the easiest thing to rave about with Cento is (luckily) the food. Dishes are made with great ingredients, prepared well, and matched with good flavors. Appetizers are often much bigger than anticipated (e.g., the charcuterie board is more like like a charcuterie table), so they can easily be mixed and matched to serve as a meal. Pastas are perfectly cooked and made (especially the gnocchi), and cocktails are inventive and delicious (most interestingly mix bourbon and Italian spirits, like aperol). Prices are slightly higher than is desirable, but the portions and quality of ingredients sort of justify them. I've been twice now, and am looking forward to returning soon.
5	One of Americas best new chefs, Michael Pruett, teamed with Sommelier Caitlin Suemnicht have succeeded in creating a great menu and wine list to satisfy the most discerning customer.  We dined there for dinner trying something from almost every category and were very pleased. We selected an incredible bottle of wine from their list - 2008 Il Fauno di Arcanum, a 94 pt wine with a blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Sangiovese and Petit Verdot. It was velvety smooth and delicious. Loved the food, with the prize going to their Black Tagliatelle with lobster, prawns, clams, mussels, peas, uni sauce and fresh horseradish.  It is the kind of food you dream about later!The service was great and the restaurant design is very pleasing.  A great new find in Madison.Check out my complete review and details of the food with photos at www.delish-dish.com!
4	I'm so excited to write this lunch service review and return soon for dinner.I started with the Castle & Doyle cocktail. I am impressed with the craft cocktail menu and the beer and wine offerings. Looking forward to exploring more on future visits.I had the soup of the day, which was a vegan, vegetable base with kale and garlic. I have a personal preference for thicker soups, but this had excellent flavor and the kale was soft and not stemmy or woody. Very nice.I decided on the tuna salad panini. All paninis are served with greens, which I love. The greens were fresh and local. The house dressing was fully mixed in, just the way I like it.The tuna salad is excellent and I was pleasantly surprised by the flavorful yellow and red tomato slices included. I can throw down some tomatoes when they are in season and completely avoid them all winter. Again, I could tell the tomatoes hadn't traveled across 20 states before ending up on my plate. That's what I love about local Madison restaurants. They source the finest ingredients, and it makes a huge difference.My only negative on the panini is the grill-marked pieces of the bread had a burnt taste to them rather than toasted. I'm hoping that is not the norm.I have a 15 person work dinner I'm planning for September with my team from Milwaukee and London. I look forward to showcasing one of Madison's finest restaurants during our time here!
5	Cento is an excellent addition to downtown Madison.  The space is fabulous...saving the best from the 1920's building and adding sleek new lines where needed.  The food was excellent and the desserts divine.  The manager, Jordon,  stopped by our table a couple of times to make sure everything was perfect.  He was attentive, professional  and charming without being overbearing.All in all, a great new Food Fight addition to Madison.  My new favorite restaurant.  Perfect food, ambiance, wine list and cocktails and wonderful management paying attention to every detail.
5	I love everything about Cento. DRINKS: The cocktails were delicious. My husband described "the rye of the beholder" as the best drink he's ever had. They also have a nice wine selection and are really good at helping you pick a wine.FOOD: My husband and I started with 2 small primi plates to share. We had the ricotta-filled agnolotti and the gnocchi. Both were good, but the gnocchi was SO delicious, we both agreed that next time we would want a large order of gnocchi as an entree. The gnocchi was very light and the mushrooms had an incredible meaty taste. Next, we split pollo al mattone.  It's half a chicken, so there was plenty of food for the two of us to share. The chicken was perfectly cooked, juicy, and well seasoned.For dessert, we shared cherry chocolate truffle cake topped with gelato and caramel. Yes, it is as good as it sounds.  :)SERVICE:  I was very impressed with how knowledgeable the waitress was about everything. She could describe all the cocktails and helped us each find one that matched our taste. When we were deciding what to order, she helped us decipher some of the Italian words we were unfamiliar with and eloquently described menu items. At the end of our meal, the chef came to our table to greet us.  Meeting the chef added to our great experience.
5	This is my second review in a very short time. My dining experience last night was so outstanding, I had to give a second review. We had a group of 16 on a Wednesday night at 7:30. The restaurant was packed and there was a great vibe. I must start by stating how completely impressed I was with the staff. The manager greeted our admin, who had made the reservation, by name and expressed how delighted she was that we were there. We had two waitresses covering our table, and they were very professional with their initial introductions, describing the menu and taking care of us all evening.We ordered a wide variety of items between the 16 of us, probably nearly everything on the menu, and we shared most of it. The wines were excellent. The food was truly outstanding: the meat, the fish, the roasted vegetables - really, everything was flavorful and delicious.My team is global, with several people working in the London office and the rest of us in Milwaukee. All of us are global travelers and have the opportunity to enjoy amazing dining experiences wherever we go. Everyone raved about the food. At the end of the night, the person with the most sophisticated taste told me he'd had a truly amazing meal and that he'd put Cento up against the best restaurants he's enjoyed in France and Italy. I knew the restaurant was great, but this comment was true validation of what a special place this is, right here in Madison. Bravo.
2	Cento turned out to be a mediocre brunch experience, especially on the food front.  The only really good dish among those we tried was the ricotta pancakes with blueberries and lemon curd.  While it was delicious, the three small Swedish style pancakes lost in a large white bowl did not satisfy a modest appetite.  The burrata pizza was okay but did not stand out in any way.  The shaved porchetta sandwich--a 1/2 inch thick slab of pork and fat with little flavor on a baguette with a few greens--was awful.  Shaving implies thin slices or shreds of meat, not a slab.  Very unattractive and unappetizing menu item.Service and ambience were good.  But Cento's brunch, as currently configured, does not compete favorably with Sardine, Heritage Tavern or Graze to name just a few other brunch spots around downtown.
4	Breathtaking: That was my first thought when I happened upon Cento during a soft opening at the beginning of July. The interior is absolutely stunning and makes me feel like I've left Madison and Wisconsin, where darkly-lit supper-club and cobbled together rustic chic are standard. If you're lucky, you'll sit in the u-shaped booth which looks into the kitchen and have eyes on the action as a staff seamlessly pumps out plate after plate of stellar fare.  Speaking of, the menu is designed in a way to encourage you to share small plates among friends, then pick up a pasta and a pizza, then embark on an entree and maybe add a side of veg to complete the experience. You'd consume a lot of food this way, too much in my opinion, when you consider the current portion size which I hope they scale back a touch to allow people to fully explore the menu. I suggest making multiple trips rather than try to experience everything in one sitting. But if ease of dining there again isn't on your side, the dates and fried squid are a great way to kick things off, followed by the gnocci and my current favorites, the roasted chicken with salsa verde and finally the wood-roasted foraged mushrooms. At this point, it's hard for me to stray too far away from those five, because I know the day will come when I won't be able to get one or two of them any longer, and they make for a pretty magnificent meal. That chicken is probably some of the best I've had in town, and I know you're thinking, "chicken?" but it's true. It's tender and juicy and has an incredible skin, and when you squeeze the charred lemon overtop, it's out of this world. The service is much more on point then when they first opened, but that's understandable given the high level of familiarity servers should have with a menu like Cento's. There's also a much stronger front of house presence than in the first few weeks, and that's appreciated. I like that people are aware and interested in what's going on in the dining room, willing to correct something that's not perfect and open to hearing candid feedback. The only thing that I don't click with right now is the cocktail program. I find it extremely inconsistent and altogether too sweet. A cocktail I had two weeks ago tasted vastly different on Saturday, and even their most spirit forward has a cloyingly sweet aftertaste that competes harshly with the deep, rich flavors of rustic Italian cooking. If they can sort out the bar program I'll be there often. But worth mentioning, a nice substitute to lackluster cocktails is the carefully curated wine list. Reds are impressive and keeping me warm on the early fall nights!
5	I now have a new favorite restaurant.  The atmosphere was nice, the food was great. Our waitress, Erin, was very efficient. It was our last evening in Madison and it was perfect.  I only wish there was a Cento in St Louis, MO.
5	Delicious food, upbeat waitstaff, beautiful space. You really can't go wrong. Unexpectedly loved the olive oil almond cake dessert.
5	My dinner at Cento was the best I've had in Madison. The pizza's are amazing, and the calamari is one of the best I've had. Try the barrel-aged negroni, or carpano antica. Service was precise and friendly. I'll definitely go back every chance i get.
5	Great Italian food....They messed up my pizza order but went above and beyond brought out a different pizza for appetizer and a beer on the house! Great restaurant and great service but the best thing is the food fresh ingredients and good Italian great atmosphere.
5	The food and service here is wonderful. I asked my server which pasta dishes would be good with truffle. She returned and said that the chef would create a dish for me that's off the menu. I agreed and so glad that I did. It truly was the best pasta dish I've ever ate and I'm a big foodie, traveled in Italy and take clients out to dinners all the time. If I ever come back to Madison, this is the first restaurant I would go to. The pasta was freshly made, everything we ordered was amazing and the wine selection was great. The owner even stopped at our table to say hello. This place is a must try!!!!
5	Honestly, good reviews are a little boring. People like hearing about dining disasters - rude and incompetent staff, food inedible, a hole in the wall decor.. and you wont find any of that here. Sorry! I can't express enough praise for Cento. Had a reservation for four at 8pm, and that was met timely, despite the restaurant being extremely busy. Had a wine concierge explain to us some of their many, many wines and how fancy is that? Also had a waitress that knew the menu in and out like nobody's business. She gave great recommendations, and even persuaded us to try some items we might have second glanced. Also can we talk about how impressive the interior is here? As for the food, my party enjoyed the fried squid and bacon wrapped dates as an appetizer, and both were out of this world. The dates are stuffed with this spicy, but not too spicy, sausage and lathered with piquillo pepper sauce, which makes for a sweet and savory appetizer, with all the flavors complimenting one another extremely well. One friend got the sweet italian sausage pizza as an entree and it was plenty big for one person. Another friend had the pollo al mattone, and it's probably the best chicken I've ever had. It was seasoned and grilled to perfection; drizzled with lemon and I was in heaven. There wasn't a single dish we all shared that was anything less than five stars. After our late night supper, my friends and I unanimously agreed that Cento was nothing short of magnificent, and we'd be back very soon.
5	We went for our 10th anniversary. The service was stellar, the branzino (sea bass wrapped in prosciutto) was soooo good. The cheese and meat plate had hearty portions. You HAVE to try the dates, they are phenomenal. It's rare that a new restaurant would have their act together so quickly, but we've been there 3x in the first 3 months open, and it's consistently excellent. One word to gluten free folks. They have pasta, but tell your server to ask the kitchen to not boil it in the same regular pasta water! For celiacs that is not cool, and they did mention it when I asked for gluten free.
5	Culinary Clash at Cento!! Secret ingedients...Conger Eel, Ostrich Egg, and Goat Leg. And the winner is....Dan Bonnano of Pig in a Fur Coat!
3	Between 3 and 4, really!I can't say enough about the service. Outstanding! There was a party in the back that was apparently slowing up our food. Server went out of her way to make it right, even though we didn't complain.Otherwise, we had a small issue with bones in fish, and unfortunately the branzino was out for the night.Service really saved the day! We will be back to try more.
2	Cento, hmmm. The mens' bathroom alone is a metaphor for how unfinished this place is. The caulk around the sinks is separated and clearly it was painted in the dark. At the convergence of the wall and ceiling is transparent brush strokes.This translates to the food. Everything is just "almost good". The sauces with the pasta dishes lacked seasoning and depth of flavor. The carbonara was "eh" at best the guanciale (bacon) was rendered flavorless and was barely detectable...we were hoping to try shaved truffles with this dish and maybe that would have helped but unfortunately they are "out...indefinitely" (Then why is it on your newly printed menu?)The black tagliatelle with a mix of lobster, mussels and a single under cooked prawn (tiger shrimp)...again...lacking flavor, depth and seasoning. We sent the "prawn" back and a disgruntled cook sent us an over cooked shrimp with the same tagliatelle redressed with a splash of cheese and horseradish instead of taking the time to do the dish again. Our starter was wine braised beets with goat cheese ('cause the girlfriend can't help herself when she sees goat cheese). It's not clear what kind of goat cheese they used but it was not a tasty-flavorful one. It might have even been cut with low-fat cream cheese. It was so bland. The beets...very little wine flavor translates.The decent parts of our meal were the drinks...a young (not quite ready) barrel aged negroni. Though we were told it was young it was quite tasty. They brought us a sample to taste before we made a decision. We liked it and went with it. The service was kind but awkward..."continue to enjoy" is a statement that came our way more than 4 times. (Thanks for the permission.)Our lamb was ribeye was a bit cold on the inside which is not quite med-rare. The flavor was balanced and the chimichurri was well tempered (though I would have enjoyed a bit more olive oil and some heat on the serving plate to keep the dish warm while we ate it. For dessert we opted for a digestivo that smacked of horchata with pistachio sprinkles. It was strong enough however and tasty enough so I can't complain too much. In all we were into Cento for $150+ for the two of us. The decor and food descriptions probably fool most people but for us we're experienced eaters and don't fall for the glitz. If you are looking to be impressed try the Eggplant Napoletana at Lombardino's. The people won't be as pretty and the decor is pure kitsch but that dish was better than all the dishes we had at Cento combined.
2	We live downtown Madison and have eaten at nearly every restaurant. We get asked a lot for restaurant recommendations. I'd say we are fairly discriminating and know the restaurant scene in Madison. Our recent experience at Cento was way below average for a Food Fight operation. We sat at the bar, adequately staffed with 4 bartenders, on a Friday evening. The poor service we received was unacceptable. Where do I start...No silver ware- had to askNo napkins- had to askWater glasses empty- had to askDrinks empty - had to askOverall unattentive service that only responded when I ran someone down.  Food was good. Not great. Bartenders were nice but clueless and had no concept of teamwork and customer service. It impacted our experience and was noticed by a couple next to us from Chicago, who were upset with their service as well. I spoke kindly to the manager at the end of the night to share my experience. He was receptive and thanked me. Even asking for my name and number so he could invite us back to give cento another chance. To make matters worse...he never called me back. Baffling! I won't forget this. Not sure I want to go back. I've since shared my experience with others. Remarkably another set of friends had a similar experience the next night at their large table foodies. Bottom line- I had much better service at the Echo Tap and the Big Ten Pub. Cento should visit and learn a thing or five.
5	We had brunch here. The honey sweetened granola dish was to die for! Two egg dishes were wonderfully flavored & presented. The service was excellent. We'll be back.
5	Bacon wrapped dates very good, northern ragu very good, pumpkin pasta, excellent wine pairings and the house limoncello was also awesome!
5	Ate brunch at Cento today. First off, the inside of the restaurant is beautiful- it's only 4 months old and is very modern and comfortable. As large as the restaurant is, there aren't that many tables, which is nice because you don't feel like you're on top of other parties. Also the booths are large and comfy. Plus, it was easy to get a reservation for a large party, which I can't say about many brunch places in Madison. I'm guessing this is because Cento is new and doesn't have a large following yet, though I doubt that will last very long.The service was fantastic. I wish I could remember our server's name, but she was so thoughtful and kind. She didn't mind that we asked 100 questions and made a huge ordeal out of splitting the check/using different cards/gift certificates, or that we had several diners join us at different times. At one point, she overheard me say that my drink was a little sweet and came by and offered to replace it. We loved her- I would come back just to have her as my waitress again.Everyone absolutely loved their food. We started with the porchetta & brussels sprouts pizza, which was gone in 3 minutes flat. I had the baked eggs & polenta with vegetables and added prosciutto, so good. Others at my table had the bacon wrapped dates (amazing), eggs benedict, margherita pizza, artic char, and soft scrambled eggs with prosciutto. No one was disappointed, and we all vowed to go back for dinner after peeking at the dinner menu. They also had wonderful drinks.Will definitely come back here and would strongly recommend to others.
2	Short and Sweet....Great service...Beautiful inside..Overpriced and not worth the money...
5	I have to agree with Cory D.  The view from the outside of the restaurant does not match the interior - it doesn't look like much until you walk in the door - and then it's all very breathtaking.The decor is fantastic.  The bar and most of the tables have lovely views of the streets - I can see this being an excellent place come winter to sit and watch the snow fall.This was my first experience at Cento, and it started well with a wonderful combination of server, manager, and house front man all acting in concert to create an appealing atmosphere for fine dining.  Oftentimes many restaurants in the area that wish to be top-of-the-top focus everlong on the food (with good reason), but neglect to comb through their staff and pick the right people for the right things.  Our server (who shall remain nameless - I don't wish to embarrass her) wasn't the only person that was all smiles.  It seemed that every member of the wait staff was happy - or at least seemed happy to see us.  I can usually detect fakery a mile away, none was to be found.  This is clearly a good place for people to work as well as eat.  It may seem like an odd tangent, but again I stress my belief that the atmosphere contributes greatly to the feel of the restaurant, and can even affect the taste of the food.The food itself is carefully crafted.  Although a larger menu, it still (once explained) seems very accessible.  Basic meats such as lamb and chicken are redone in a juxtaposition of new and old rustic styles (the lamb with house-made-noodles could have come right from someone's Italian grandmother's kitchen).Not gonna lie, I faked a bit dumb and wanted the server to explain the entire menu.  She did with absolute aplomb, and clearly had favorites to recommend for the weary and leery. Again, I think that the menu is a bit long for being entirely new and adventurous items for and to most people - although we sampled enough of each of the items to know that despite the diversity, each dish is and was crafted with care.  The server herself caught an item that she wasn't pleased with, and although we never asked or complained, she took the liberty of helping to remove it from the bill when she saw that we clearly hadn't eaten much of it.  That is fantastic above and beyond service.The bartenders were very friendly, though only meeting them for a fleeting second, you'd never know that attached to an incredibly classy restaurant was a bar that appears to cater equally well to the quiet-yet-distinguished drink.  I may return just to have a sit-down at the counter and enjoy the ambiance. This is definitely a restaurant for first dates (or any dates), friendly meetings, business outings - it's just very comfortable with an air of distinguished grace.A word to the wise, however:  Feel free to dress up.  It's been a minute since I've dusted off the Armani suit - this would have been a night to wear it.  They are perfectly okay with you not being overly dressy, but I feel it is of note that if you were dressed to the nines, you would absolutely not feel out of place - it would feel as if you'd come to just the right spot to dine in your finery.Final note: for a few of the items, I don't feel that the price-to-food ratio is perfectly reflected; the markup on a few of the things that are and should be very easy to stock is a reflection of interesting management choices.  I think that a few things (like the steaks) should be nowhere near $30 and $40.  Having priced menus and ingredients before, I think that I'm either missing something entirely behind that reasoning or someone's just going with what they feel is culturally appropriate - doesn't make it right.Service: 5 starsStaff: 5 starsMenu: 4 starsFood: 5 starsBar service: N/APrices: 4 starsBy the way - oddly enough - they have Wi-Fi for guests!  I thought it was odd and cool at the same time.  Nifty idea.  Definitely not advertised anywhere, just a pleasant surprise.
2	I really wanted to love Cento, but sadly that was not the case. First off, the good. -The hostess were very nice and accommodating. -Our server was excellent, very attentive but not overbearing. -The decor was beautiful and I loved how open it was.The bad...-The foodMy boyfriend and I ordered the fried squid, the wine poached beets, the black tagliatelle, the prosciutto wrapped branzino and the panna cotta. All of it was pretty bland and seemed to lack any sort of creativity with flavor profiles. The fried squid was very chewy, to the point that it was almost inedible. The prosciutto wrapped branzino had a really odd aftertaste and really lacked flavor. However the worst would have to have been the panna cotta. It was served in a bowl and you could tell that it had been uncovered in a fridge for too long. How do I know that? Well it had a layer on top that tasted of other foods that were not panna cotta. Overall my boyfriend and I left just feeling very underwhelmed.
2	Everything was perfect--the service, the timeliness, the atmosphere......everything EXCEPT THE FOOD.I can't give a restaurant a good review if the food isn't good, especially at this price point. Here's the run-down:DRINKS: Okay, these were good. The Mulo Romano and Amore Amaro were probably highlights of the meal.WARM OLIVES: Fine. These were the highlight of the food, but the texture was a little mushy--not firm and fresh like olives should be. The orange peel garnish added a nice, unexpected element that made the dish more complex. Eat this part with the olives if you decide to order this.ARANCINI: They were hard balls of bland, puffy, overcooked rice. Looking back on images that other people posted on Yelp of their Cento arancini, the kitchen must have also run out of cheese. Ours came with a light dusting of powdered parm rather than an ample melty layer of shredded cheese as is seen in another photo. SOURDOUGH WITH LOCAL BUTTER: They really play with words to make this starter sound romantic. 5 half-slices of bread come with a ball of butter in a little pool of olive oil. The flavors were one-note. It would have been nice to have salt and pepper grinders on the table so we could customize the dish ourselves. I understand that good restaurants don't offer salt and pepper on the table because the chef wants customers to experience each dish as he/she creates it, but everything else we had that night could have used some more seasoning.FRIED SQUID: Over-fried squid was rubbery. The romesco sauce was good, but it was the only source of flavor on the plate. The grilled lemons would have been a great touch if we were able to squeeze some juice out of the paper-thin slices.BLACK TAGLIATELLE: The pasta itself had a gluey, pasty texture that wasn't pleasant. I wondered if it was the squid ink, but after doing a little research post-visit, this wasn't the case. Our tagliatelle also didn't have much sauce, and what was there tasted like cream and not much else. Very bland. This was disappointing because so many Yelpers rave about this dish, and their photos show a nice golden sauce. After reading so many positive reviews, my man and I had greatly anticipated our visit here. But because the food was so expensive, but not good, we don't care to visit again.
5	Cento is a top notch destination for sumptuous offerings before or after a show at Overture, a concert at the Orpheum, or, like tonight, a movie at MMoCA. With one of the better wine vaults in Madison (Rare might just eke that one out), I lucked out with a special Chianti Reserva pour from the 'Chef's Table'. It paired wonderfully with the steak tartare (beef, hard boiled quail egg, parmesan, anchovy, tuna sauce, herb salt, ans sea salt cracker) served on a cross-cut piece of wood. While probably not on the standard 4 course menu as a follow up, I'm a sucker for clam chowder. Tonight was a seafood chowder. The chianti really helped release the flavors and spices of the wonderfully thick chowder....if they'd have put a side cracker with it, you'd still have a crisp snap, and plenty of crumbs, dunking it in the bowl.If you like Italian, this is one of the 'must hits' in Madison. Michael Pruett's staff knows what they're doing and every visit is a treat!
5	After eating here twice, I pondered about why they named the place Cento, the Italian word for one hundred. Is it because a meal for two people is likely to run over $100? Could it be because there are about 100 things on the menu, making decisions very stressful? These points may be true, but I finally decided it's because 100% of the food I've tried from Cento is wonderfully delicious.I've gone for brunch and dinner with a big group and EVERYTHING that everyone ordered was top notch. For example, the Porchetta and Brussels sprouts pizza trumps both Grampa's and Pizza Brutta in my opinion. The squid ink tagliatelle (conveniently offered in a full and half sized portion) is just lovely in it's tasty lobster sauce. The snapper is cooked deliciously, I only got a bite of my friend's order but it was enough to make me want to go back and get a full one for myself. Whether you're splitting a pizza and the fabulous butcher board (comes with honey, LOVE that!) with friends or ordering entrees with a date, I highly recommend Cento for an evening of great food. The service is also excellent and the ambiance is upscale without being stuffy. Can't wait to go back!
4	Meh, I really like the food. So the food I give 5 stars. Just the ambiance is a little too corporate or something, Ok so the wood fired oven is awesome! Arancini scrumptious. Fried risotto balls. I really love the chef and don't even know who he or she is, Prosciutto and melon is pretty standard at an upscale Italian joint but man oh man was that prosciutto buttery and melon juicy fresh. Lamb ribeye a hit. Pork chop a hit- please order this medium and the lamb med rare. Why am I giving Cento 3 stars???? I'm not. I just can't do that to the chef. I'm giving it 4 stars. but still a 6.... well 10 stars for the food. Place just seemed so stiff for service and the atmosphere too corporate or something. Seemed like our server wanted to hang himself and everyone was a robot. We really enjoyed our food ut couldn't wait to leave and get drinks elsewhere. Atmosphere reminded us of a cold corporate law office or something. Maybe it was just a bad night or off night.
2	Ahhh...Food Fight, with your trendy spaces and Sysco food. Cento's space is beautiful and I enjoyed the music and the lighting. The food is bland and attention to detail is lacking. Pastas all needed seasoning and came out cold. The "fried squid" app was fried calamari. I tasted all four pastas at our table and was not impressed with one. Did I mention Cento is absurdly overpriced? $34 for pasta with a very small amount of seafood? And the seafood itself was far from fresh. Mussels were soggy/mealy, the one piece of shrimp was WAY undercooked. You pay for the ambiance and to rub shoulders with Madison's "elite" but expect to eat bland food and to put a healthy charge on your credit card.Almost forgot to mention the hard sell on gift cards at the end of the meal. The server turned into an infomercial. Stay classy, Cento.
4	Tasty! Madison was missing a fashionable Italian restaurant. Pasta and antipasti are excellent. Food is among the best in town.Last I went, which was soon after opening, the cocktails weren't very good.
5	We went to Cento last night for the first time.  Had a wonderful experience.We had a booth looking out on the Christmas lights on the Overture Center.  Overall, the ambiance of the restaurant is upscale...feels like Chicago or NYC, not Madison.  (We live in Madison, so I'm not dissing it.)Food was very good.  We started with the bacon wrapped dates.  I thought that they would be too sweet, but they were not.  It's a winner.  My wife had the tagliatelle, which she enjoyed; very rich, but also very good.  I had the snapper.  It was done perfectly.Service was excellent.
5	The food here is amazing.  I've eaten all around the world and the steak (with fennel side) is one of my favorite meals ever. The service is great and the drinks rock. What more could you ask for?
4	Sadly I couldn't eat all the food I ordered during my dinner at Cento - sad because it was so good that I wish I had room for.just.one.more.bite. Alas, I didn't. However, all the bites I did have resulted in a very happy tummy on my end. And if you'd like to replicate that feeling, here are the things I ordered (not by myself, geesh, it was a sharing table y'all):+ bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with spicy sausage and piquillo pepper sauce+ arancini with spicy tomato sauce+ sourdough bread with local butter, olive oil and salt+ burrata and olio verde on rustic bread+ brussels sprouts, apple and bacon+ roasted cauliflower with country ham+ fingerling potatoes with garlic and cipollini onionsAlthough this entire dinner was made of sides and starters, or what Cento calls "spuntini," "antipasti," and "contorni," it was way more than enough food for our table so I think you can order from their menu willy-nilly and be totally satisfied.The service and atmosphere are both lovely and I'd be happy to eat dinner here again.
4	We went here last night with my wife's family for a holiday meal. Overall, I was really impressed. I rarely notice or care about the decor, but there was something about this place that I really liked. It was well done, but not over the top. It felt dressed up, but not stuffy. Anyway, the food was outstanding and the staff was tolerant (did I say I came with my wife's family?) My only criticism is that the food was very expensive. I understand that it is high quality and carefully prepared, but I still felt it was expensive or dare I say "overpriced?" We got the dates (awesome), olives (meh), calamari (also awesome but better dipped in the sauce that came with the dates). The bread was the best damn bread that $3 can buy too! I ordered the fillet which was surprisingly small with barely enough vegetables to notice and it was $50! I realize this isn't a steakhouse but for $50 one could get a ginormous bone in fillet with quality sides and a salad at Tornado. They did a really good job accommodating our special requests including green salads that weren't on the menu and a "custom" creation requested by my uncle that they happily provided. Why are there no green salads on the menu? The music was interesting too but it seemed to turn on and off at random times. Overall I will happily go back the next time I know someone else is paying!
2	I held off on reviewing until I had a chance to try Cento a third time.First, the good:- The setting is awesome. Might be the best designed restaurant setting in Madison.- The drinks are quite good. It's definitely worth checking out the cocktail menu- Staff is friendly but not exceptional yetThe not so good; I've tried a few things off the menu over 3 visits (Bacon dates, gnocchi, beef tartare, burrata, beets, porchetta pizza, bucatini carbonara, pork chop, cauliflower) so I think the following thoughts are pretty accurate. In general, the food doesn't measure up to the ambiance or price.- Gnocchi was overworked/gummy. They were described as "pillows" and they definitely didn't come out that way. I mentioned this in passing to our waitress when she asked how everything was and I got the impression that she didn't really put much credence in my feedback.  - Food was underseasoned across the board. Pizza crust had very little flavor and the bucatini carbonara lacked salt - not sure how that's even possible given the fact that the ingredients include parmigiano and pork cheek (guanciale).- Pork chop was overcooked (we wanted to try the beef or lamb but both were sold out when we went )I really hope the food continues to improve and I'm not ready to give up on Cento yet. I still love the setting and will update this review if my next meal justifies it.
5	Another BRILLIANT dinner at Cento...arancini, pizza with sweet italian sausage, bocconcini, broccoli rapini, tomato sauce, garlic and chili flake and agnolotti with pumpkin, sage, walnuts and parmigiano reggiano!!! Bravo Chef Michael Pruett!
4	Excellent food and a great server.  We ate in the bar area (didn't have a reservation).  Will go back often,
