2	Chandler has no shortage of good and cheap Chinese food, but I'm reluctant to count Yangtse Chinese Bistro among it.They're cheap, I'll give them that. And it's authentic, staffed by actual Chinese people, with a menu in broken English.The actual quality of the food is variable, but leaning decidedly toward the crappy side. Overcooked is the order of the day, from stir-fry to grilled to deep-fried. Dishes that are flavorful and delicious at other Chinese joints are often bland and lifeless or, worse, just plain overbearing. On a good day, Yangtse pumps out passable, cheap Chinese. But those days are few and far between. In the same shopping center, the Chinese joint inside Basha's turns out much better Chinese for about the same money--and it's staffed by Mexican immigrants. I don't know about anyone else, but I'll take good food cooked by someone of the "wrong" heritage over bad food cooked by someone of the "right" heritage.
3	I have eaten at Yangtse a bunch of times and Nicole T. is right, it has super cheap lunch specials and big ole portions. And while the Orange Chicken is the best I have had in ages, every single other menu item i have tried is terrible. I love Egg Foo Yong, but it wasn't even edible at Yangtse. Also sub par is the Hot and Sour soup. My boyfriend said it smells like swamp water and although I argued for the sake of arguing, it kind of does. If the only thing you want to order is Orange chicken and Crab puffs by all means PLEASE go to Yangtse, cause theirs rule, but if you want anything else this is not your place.
1	I can't imagine finding more generic and bland chinese food if I searched for a year. This makes Pei Wei look gourmet.
1	Bolstered by Nicole T's review, we decided to give Yangtse a rare third shot.Oops.The rice was still overcooked and gummy, the chicken was still overcooked and dry, the breaded dishes were still over-fried, the beef was still flavorless. And those of us who partook became what I will charitably describe as "ill."So, hey, we did get something new out of trying it again--nausea and intestinal distress!Three strikes, it's out, even in spite of good crab puffs and the free fried (empty) wontons with their cute little smiley face stamp on the bag.
4	The chef was from a big local authentic Chinese restaurant. If you order the Americanized Chinese dishes, it doesn't taste that great. However, if you order the authentic Chinese dishes, they are great since the quality is better and it requires more skills to prepare and cook. Unfortunately some of those dishes are on their "secret" menu, which is a hand written note attached to the wall. You can also order special stuff too if you know what to order. Good luck! :)
3	I was introduced to this place by one of my co-workers. She is pretty much a regular here and insisted that I try this place. This place is small, mostly quiet every now and then. There is a tv and music playing in the background. I suddenly thought about other restaurants that might play music and I'm just now realizing the fact that I don't listen. huh! I know of one other place that does. Okay, back to the subject at hand.The lunch specials a really reasonable under $10 with drink. The sweet and sour pork, chicken are good. The chow mein, watery. The egg drop soup not the best texture. (I think soup has texture) The egg roll is good. The steamed and fried rice not the taste I'm used too. It's like dry and almost but not quite done. Maybe it's the type they use. The service is quick, they refill your drink before you are half way. That's annoying (too me). Overall, I think its a nice place to go.
5	I tell you what, WOW..... Flavor, More Flavor and Fresh and Friendly.  I have been going here for about a year now and about 2 times a month (when I work in the area).  Beef & broccoli is outstanding.  Meat is tender, full of flavor. My friend gets Garlic Chicken and it is out of this would as well.  The ladies that work there are extremely nice.  Ok now lets talk price.  I get a lot and I do mean a lot of food for my 5.25 plate for lunch.  For the two of us its only $15 bucks, I spend that much at McDonalds.  We get two drinks and I add Chow Mien. Yummy, I am gonna have this for lunch tomorrow. See ya all there!!!
1	2 things that get me riled up against mom and pop restaurants is 1) Serving stale and potentially harmful food 2)Serving food that does not correspond to the definition in the menu.Yangtse does this in abundance. I tried the wonton soup and the Szechuan style Dumplings. Firstly the second dish contained wontons not dumplings (I know not much difference in theory) but the wontons and the dumplings were the same. The hot sauce (which I asked if it was Ma La) had nothing to do with authentic "Ma La". Where is my szechuan peppercorns infused yumminess .. dude..!! The pork in the wontons/dumplings were rancid, indicating frozen for ages, reheating in the morning and serving in the evening kind of food.Do I have to be dissuaded everytime to ever try Chinese cuisine in the valley!! Sigh...
4	This is a small apparently family owned restaurant located in the Bashas Grocery store parking lot. (It's around back on the left). About 6 booths and 5 tables.I was surprised to see a fairly complete menu, with all of the typical items found in a chinese restaurant. I had the PotStickers, Pork Fried Rice, Mongolian Beef and Wonton Soup.Would I say the meal was the best I've had in my life? Ummm, no. BUT, it was very good. The Potstickers were well cooked. Not too pan fried, and not soggy. The filling was well mixed and tasty and the potstickers were served with a thicker, mixed spice sauce which itself was worth special mention. It was terrific!  Yes, the fried rice was just a bit overcooked, but the fried rice itself was tasty and had the right mix of rice to ingredients. (too many times in smaller restaurants fried rice has a hint of overcooked oil... this Fried Rice was perfect!). The Wonton Soup was a bit opaque in color instead of clear broth, but again, this is a matter of personal taste, and the soup was good. Filled well with wontons or dumplings (not sure which, but didn't really matter to me.  The Mongolian Beef was outstanding. Too often chinese restaurants over season Mongolian beef, or use cuts of beef that are less trimmed. Here, they did an anaming job. Well trimmed meat, perfectly cooked, mixed with sauteed onions, and you ciuld actually still taste the beef, not just the sauce!
4	This is a fairly small place with great lunch deals and pretty tasty Chinese food.  The lunch specials include soup, wontons, an egg roll and entree; my wife swears by the pecan shrimp in a creamy white sauce.I have tried a number of the dishes (beef & brocoli, garlic chicken, kung-pow chicken etc...)  All are good but not great; I wish the menu let you know which vegetables were part of each dish. The table are covered with real cloth but the environment is welcoming and usually quiet.  The lunch special is good on weekends as well as weekdays; to avoid the lunch rush I would recommend hitting it up on a Sat or Sun.
4	We like to stick with the mom 'n' pop shops, for the most part. Almost every chain we've gone to over the years has gone downhill, while the smaller places work a little harder for your loyalty. This place is not 100% consistent, but I have to say that it is one of the better places. I hate going places where the food seems like deep-fried dingleberries saturated with special sauce. I usually get the orange chicken and it's pretty light and crispy, not soggy. The lunch specials are pretty fairly priced and good-sized portions. One server is a little abrupt but she keeps my water filled, which is more than I can say for most places I go to. They always look like they're going to cry when I tip well. I guess they are just used to people being cheap.
5	Yangtse is consistently good. I have been dining there for about 2 years now. The garlic pork is to die for. Quick service, food comes out piping hot. The wait staff is always courteous and they give my husband soup even when he doesn't order it. They don't want him to feel left out when I'm eating mine! The prices are amazing also. You can get  a full lunch - enough for 2 people for under $6.00.
4	When it comes to simple chinese food this is the best I've had in arizona. Their soups are excellent. I am guilty of ordering "americanized" dishes but considering how much better they are than any other place I've tried they must be doing something different than others. My girlfriend has ordered some more "authentic" dishes and been quite happy with them. Overall this place is about as authentic as they come, I find the service great, I think people who aren't used to eating at asian restaurants might not.Even if the taste doesn't exceed expectations, their prices and portions are absurdly good. Even if you have to pay the $1 extra for lunch specials after 3pm you will still get a huge 2-meals worth portion, with rice, yummy soup and an egroll for under $6.
4	My favorite little Chinese restaurant in the Valley. Delicious food (though often quite salty), fast service and a great value. You can't beat the prices on the lunch specials here!
5	Our favorite Chinese restaurant in the area.  We have been going to this restaurant pretty regularly for about 5 years.  We have never ever been unsatisfied.  The Hot and Sour Soup is Perfect and we are partial to the Sechewan shrimp.  The service is top notch.
3	They have good cheap lunch specials.Unfortunately, we almost always end up eating there during the off hours and I suspect that the Chinese cook isn't the one cooking my order.  I don't really mind if there was no difference in the taste, but there really is.Either way, meals here are better and cheaper than the next closest Chinese food outlet, which is the Rice Garden inside Basha's.  Also, their lunch specials are even cheaper than a meal at any fast food burger joint.
1	Wow, so bad. We just went here for dinner, and though we rarely write reviews, we feel like we want to save others from eating here. Really, we can't believe there are any positive reviews. A few positive aspects: it is inexpensive (they let you order the lunch specials for $1 more at dinner time). Also, the waitress was very nice... so nice that we're sorry we didn't like the food.However, these positives cannot change the fact that the food is cheap & gross. It tastes like a bad quality Chinese buffet. The meat & vegetables used were poor quality, the sauces were bland and the fried foods were over-fried. Even the fried rice was no good.When we eat out we expect the best quality food and we didn't get it here. We will keep looking for a decent Chinese place to eat in Chandler.
4	Eggplant garlic sauce is awesome but it would be nice to have less oil in it :)
4	"Bistro" is the operative word in the name.  If you're looking for a dining experience, you'll be out of luck here.  Yangtse is (however) my "go to" place for take-out chinese food.  Fresh, flavorful, large portions and good prices.  Been ordering here for years and have yet to be disappointed.
5	Yangtse Chinese Bistro is one of the East Valley's hidden gems. We come here for lunch and dinner and have always left satisfied and impressed. This is comfortable, friendly Chinese food served by friendly people in an atmosphere that is relaxing if not fancy. Considering lunch specials run an average of $5 plus drinks for tremendous food of prodigious portion size, you might feel just a little guilty getting so much for so little. But what they deliver is wonderful. Occasionally I dare to try something new, but more often than not, I stick with my far-and-above favorite, the Kung Pao Chicken with Peanuts lunch special (also offered as a dinner special with extra treats). This spicy, tasty treat will open your sinuses and wow your taste buds. This is one of those rare restaurants where you can't help but enjoy your meal, make friends with the people who work there, and start thinking about when you'll come back while you're paying your tab. They would be successful if they doubled their prices, but I'm thrilled they haven't. A must-try for the east valley!
4	The glass on the table wasn't clean & the lady said because of the water....hmm...I don't know, but I believe no matter what, the glass need to be clean (at least).I ordered ma Po tofu. Service super fast & the flavor still awesome!
5	Always will love and go to this place. Try it out and find out for yourself.
4	Want simple? Easy?Yangtse is the place. Cheap. Clean. Tasty. A date for 2 for lunch is 20 bucks. I will take that any day. The portions are large and good. The people sometimes don't understand what you say. But that's okay. I will keep going here. Yum!
3	I have passed this place several times; yearning to try it out but it never was on my radar at any given moment until recently. I stopped by for lunch on a Saturday, not a soul inside. It was a nice hot day in Chandler and when I stepped inside the restaurant the AC was well, just so so. I almost left, but decided to stay and give the food a try. I ordered from their lunch menu which is extensive enough. Their lunch is favorably priced with the main dish, soup and I'm not sure about a drink as I ordered water. The meal was good, not great but the price can't be beat for less than $7.00 with tax.My problem with this place was the AC or lack of cold AC. I was sweating the whole time I was in the restaurant, sweat on my forearms with my watch band turning a dark brown from the sweat accumulation. I would go back there for the lunch, but maybe a takeout is more appropriate or maybe trying this place during the winter or fall time frame. Good food and service, bad AC!
4	Amazing Food and awesome price. I recommend Shrimp Fried Rice and Pan Fried Noodles! I wish this place delivered!
5	I tried this place out with a few friends the other night for the first time... It was a great experience! The pot stickers are reminiscent of dim-sum in their shape and style, and they're very pleasant tasting in comparison to most other gyoza/dumpling appetizers, locally. The garlic chicken was recommended to me-- it didn't disappoint. It had a little kick to it, and the sauce wasn't too soupy. I had this with their fried rice-- also very good. The vibe of the restaurant is pretty classic and amusing, with the little goldfish that greets you right as you walk in the door. Their water glasses were very festive, so they put in the extra effort. My friends swear by this place, so I'm glad I got to finally try it for myself.
2	How is this place getting all these positive reviews??  My guess is they're trolling cause the food is terrible - not fresh, tastes old and frozen, even the water tasted disgusting.    Avoid at all costs there are so many better Chinese restaurants in the area to spend your money at.
4	I think they're gone now.  Called twice in the past two weeks to order take out, and get a recording saying the line's been disconnected.  Not happy!
4	For those of us who have no thoughts of dinner until the street lights are on and our stomachs start cleaving to our backbones...I have good news.  THEY'RE BAACK!!
3	Kinda' sorta' made a mistake.  The location is open but they now have a new name, new owners, new menu, and (get this) a new phone number.  Changing the phone number IMO was a big mistake, just think of all the business they're missing.  It's not like they became a dry cleaners or gas station.  Anyway...New owners - promise "real" Chinese food.  New menu - lengthy with no description (ingredients) of dishes.  New prices - roughly a buck more.  Taste - my house lo mein had none, but they did make Volcano Beef from the old menu for my husband who said it was very good.  I was told they could do that since they had a copy of the old menu with the ingredients.  Imagine that..?Not in love, but it's worth a second try.Hunan Garden480-792-1988
1	Yangste Chinese bistro will be truly missed. Really you guys. The new place will not ever compare. Beware that the new place needs lots of work to be able to compare to the lagacy yangste had built
