3	This is probably the best north indian restaurant in Pittsburgh (Lawrenceville/Bloomfield). A bit of a dive with a traditional menu but the food is made fresh and the prices can't be beat.  The lunch buffet is a prety good deal (much less than $10!).
4	Two words: Chicken Mango. There is nothing like it in any Indian restaurant I've been to before or since. Other than that dish, Peoples is pretty typical of small Indian restaurants. The buffet is alright, the portions are of average size and the service is reasonably good.
4	I usually come for the lunch buffet which I think is a good deal.  Love the chai - make sure you get some!  I get the chicken vindaloo which isn't bad and most of my friends love the chicken mango, which isn't bad either.  :)  Definitely worth trying.
2	I have only had the lunch buffet, which really isn't fair to write a review off of.  While cheap and I would consider a good deal, it was overall greasy and bland.Once I go back and order something off the menu I will have to re-review.
3	I've only eaten the lunch buffet here, which is cheap and pretty decent.  Maybe it's an unfair assessment, but I wouldn't go out of my way for dinner here based on what I've eaten at lunch.  The food is good, but pretty far from what I consider "authentic".  The chai is the real standout, I always get some, even in hot weather.Bottom line: a great place for a quick, tasty lunch, but I'd search elsewhere if you've got a real craving for Indian food.
1	I am disappointed.  I have lived in the neighborhood for over 6 years and I keep giving them a second chance (and a third).  The take out menu says in big letter on the front 15% off take out.  So we ordered again, although we generally get poor service and the food is average at best.  This time we ordered 2 entrees and and a few sides.  When I went to pick up the order they had given us 15% off ONE ENTREE.  So it was no discount at all.  When you mention something to them about poorly worded menu and the principle of false advertising they argue with you.  So we are done with them, no more peoples we will drive down to Taste of India from now on.
4	Way better than India Garden. The interior isnt that great, but the food more than makes up for it. The buffet is a great price and you get a good selection.
4	People's Indian is a solid traditional Indian place. Offerings are standard, but well done. I like their bindi masala and vegetable korma. In meat offerings, their lamb is really quite good.Their lunch buffet has a solid selection of both meat and vegetable dishes and includes samosas, which not all buffets do. Also included is chai, which is good (if overly sweet).In general, it's one of the better local Indian places. The service is also pretty consistent and pleasant (unlike, say, India Garden where the service is consistently horrific).
5	Best palak paneer. Hands down.did a palak paneer test a few years agos.. included graphs and etc... still have my heart. the spicey could be spicier.. ill just throw that out there....
4	The food is alright, but for the buffet price I will eat alright food over and over.  The lunch buffet is full of great food, with hot milky chai and multiple chutneys included.  The restaurant isn't clean, sometimes they take awhile to refill the steam trays, and it's kind of loud.  But it's cheap and decent.  Best way to fill yourself up on a cold day on the east end.
4	Cheap, yummy, and down the street from my house.  Down side?  Anyone?I won't go in to the particulars--I agree with some of the comments below--I will remind people that it's BYOB (I really think Indian food tastes so much better with a beer) so come prepared.  I would not call it life-alteringly-good Indian, but I've found much of the food to be flavorful and the service has always been friendly, if a bit slow at times.  Decor is typical--seems like a kid-friendly place and good for large groups as well.  Oh, and they're closed on Sundays, for which I'm happy for them, but I have to admit I would probably go more often if I could grab take-out on a cold sunday afternoon. . . (that's a hint if the owners are reading)
4	Delicious food and reasonably priced, especially if you go during there happy hours!
4	I don't care for the lunch buffet because of its limited options (mostly potatoes and beans for vegetarians, sometimes some previously frozen veggie medleys) and lack of spice (for understandable reasons), but for dinner, especially take out, I give Peoples 4 stars. I usually get either Baingan Bartha or Aloo Gobi, as well as a dal and a plain naan. The dals are confusing because there are three on the menu and they only really have two. I've tried to stop letting that perplex me, but I can never remember the one they don't have and often try to order it. Maybe my take out menu is outdated in that I should cross that one out. Ok, now on to important stuff...I order a spice level of 10 out of 10. The results are dynamite! Instead of using some cheap sauce or hot oil, I can see and taste that they use fresh chillies for added spice. They also use a ton of cilantro and delicious almost caramelized onions in the flavoring of the dishes. Each bite is a mouth explosion. And I love mouth explosions! This restaurant has it's shortcomings, but since it's the only place in town that has satisfied the lust of my taste buds for hot oral pleasure, I am a big fan.
2	I've ordered for delivery a few times.  Although you get small portions for the price..the food is pretty good.  This time I and a coworker ordered 2 seperate dishes that came with rice.  They combined the rice in one container.  Why?  My coworker leaves in 10 mins with my rice....ugh!  Called the restaurant and all I get is a ..."wellll..I don't know what I can do?"   Are you serious?
3	The lunch buffet? Totally worth it.
3	I have only gone to People's two times, and only for the lunch buffet, but I have to say that both times were pleasant.People's is a small 'family' Indian restaurant, with a LOT of tables, and the last time I went, a LOT of people filling those seats.As with most Indian lunch buffets, the offerings are basic and of a very low spice level - but tasty in their 'homogenized' way. It's VERY inexpensive, and worth the all-you-can-eat.  They offer several meat and non-meat choices, plenty of sides, rice, nan, salads, chutneys - and even a pretty yummy hot chai tea that is very creamy and sweet.The service is pleasant, and the atmosphere is comfortable.  Although when they're really busy, you may be forced to make a new friend at the next table, which really is pretty much the same as them sitting at YOUR table.The crowd was interesting as well, students en masse, single diners, and pairs - all seeming a little more on the intellectual end of the scale than one might normally see in da burgh.My only disappointment was the palak paneer which had potato instead of the cheese...although I may have just read the sign wrong, and it wasn't really palak paneer.  The chicken dish was absolutely delicious, and the samosa were yummy.Can't do Indian food without a big ol' samosa with the green mint chutney sauce.Generally, nothing uber-fancy, but definitely worth a try.
4	I just wrote a bad review so I want to counter it with a good one. People's Restaurant easily wins the top slot on Kelly G's list of the best Indian food in Pittsburgh. The restaurant itself is small and no-frills (Indian shabby chic, you might call it), but they have a big table in the middle suitable for large parties. Their lunch buffet is smaller than India Garden's but slightly more delicious. Greg B. and I get take out, add a bottle of wine, and have romantic dinner parties-for-two on our front porch. Perfection.
5	I've come here for as long as I can remember. This restaurant will most likely be my favorite for years to come. The service is good and the food is always pleasingAnd you'll never run out of water!
1	I would write a "0" review if I could. I cannot review the food. I did not get a chance to eat there. Me and my Hawaiian friend went there to grab what I heard was some great Indian food, during one of the "Unblurred" Friday evenings. The concierge looked at us disdainfully, and was talking about how the 3-4 empty tables we saw was reserved. No "reserved" signs were in sight on these tables and dude did not mention when any seating would be freed up. Whether or not he was prick or or a racist prick, I have no idea. He seemed more interested in getting us out of there than he was in trying to serve us. It is Garfield, so may be he has had issues with the local denizens causing trouble, who happen to look like me. Dunno. All the white people get to eat, we do not? With the exception of the Awesome Spak Brothers, I would not bother eating anything on Penn Avenue. Ever. I spend more time focusing on the surrounding crap than I do with actually eating.
4	I've been hearing how great people's is from friends, so decided to check them out. I went for the lunch buffet. I arrived around 1pm when it ends at 2:30pm. There was still fresh food on the buffet. They refilled while I was there. As a vegan I appreciate Indian food & had many options. Usually my gauge for any Indian place it the Chana masala, my favorite dish. I was super impressed with theirs. Perfectly steamed  chickpeas with right amount of spice & cilantro! A second favorite was the Aloo Pang which is spinach potatoes & spices. The nan was fresh & hot. Also, the service was great, I never once had to ask for water. For my second experience with people's I decided to order take out. They do free delivery to the surrounding area! (I live in Stanton Heights) it came within an hour of calling & was freshly made. I had no complaints. I order Chana Masala, Aloo pang & nan....it was about $20, lasted me dinner & lunch the next day ! Plan toOrder again soon
4	The lunch buffet on Saturday is great hangover food.  it is cheap, hot, refreshed often, and has the standard selection.  I love going here.
4	At first glance I wasn't too impressed with the buffet, I thought it'd be another botched attempt of authentic Indian food. While the selection is not that impressive, I would say that the quality is pretty damn good. I debated for a long time with my friend about the food going back and forth between a 3 and a 4. I ended up going with the 4 due to the Indian tea that they had - hard to find at any buffet!. They aren't trying to wow you with exotic ingredients or fun twists, it's almost as if you're sitting down at someone's house and eating what they'd eat on a regular basis. Plus you're paying around 9 dollars for a buffet, I mean- let's get real. You get what you pay for.
1	Hadn't been here in a few years and remembered I enjoyed it in undergrad, especially for late night half off. Called in advance to make sure they were open until 10 and had half off like they used to. The woman who answered the phone said yes to both so I rushed over. The portions were small, but I assumed it was because it was half price so I shrugged it off. The tomato sauce was chunky and generic, the raita side dish was 4 spoonfuls big, and the chutney dips were cold and bland. Assuming this was due to the discount, I didn't complain. Receive my check to find out it was all full price. Despite the woman telling me on the phone that it was half off, it was buy one get one half off. The woman on the phone was the same as the hostess. She admitted it was she who answered yet refused to accommodate her mistake. I don't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous. A subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing. Never going back despite the fond memories I had accumulated when in school. Completely ridiculous.
4	I take back everything I said in a previous post (about all Indian restaurants tasting the same and that it all tastes like something out of a box)!!I was so completely wrong! People's is amazing and fresh, vegetarian friendly, pleasant staff, warm and inviting.
5	I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town.
5	This is a great place to get a lot of amazing Indian food at a decent price. Their buffet is great and they add quite some variety. Their food is flavorful. Definitely recommend this place.
4	Went here for dinner twice in 1 week when I was craving Indian food. The food is pretty good compared to other Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh. Also, it's BYOB with no corkage charge. The service is also great. Just took off one star for the naan- it was a little burnt each time I came here.
4	Peoples is my  favorite delivery place! Love the garlic nan but I will say it's better in house than delivered. The mango chicken is delicious. We always order a biryani rice dish. From the vegetarian list love the vegetable Shia korma- but will mention it is very rich, the aloo sagg, and the shai kofta- also quite rich. The lunch buffet is good and love that you can have chai with it because their chia is tasty. It's funny we never eat in for dinner so I have no idea what that's like. But yeah take out for dinner and buffet for lunch. Love!
4	I ordered chicken vindaloo at spice level 10 and garlic nan as take out.The chicken vindaloo was quality.  I enjoyed it.  It wasn't super spicy, but I'm used to that.  I've never found Indian food with the same level of heat as I've had in England.The garlic nan was amazing.  Nice garlic smell, visible chunks of garlic, nicely toasted bread, everything about it was very good.
2	Very expensive and quantity was quite less. I am an Indian and I love Indian food but their food gave me hard time in digestion; I suffered for 2 days. Price-wise too, I wound't order again when I can have whole buffet at Tamarind at less than half price. I ordered chicken curry, the one at Coriander Restaurant on Murray Ave is yummy but this one was so-so in taste, mostly disappointing. I also ordered Samosa, I find the poorly fried samosas of Bombay Mart better than these ones. Then I ordered tikki (aloo patty), really disappointed, it looked several weeks old reheated in microwave. I know from 24 years of experience how fresh tikki tastes like. I like Indian restaurants in this order: Uddupi, Tamarind, Coriander, Indian Carts at Pitt, even Yuva India and All India more than this one. But definitely it's better than Prince of India, where food smells like 2 week old and there is absolutely no taste in the food.
5	local treasure. i'm in love with this place. 7 dollar lunch buffet (always a mistake unless you plan on sleeping the rest of your day) and byob. recommended!
4	This is closer to home-cooked Indian food than your average Indian restaurant. The lunch buffet is yummy. The chai is absolutely delicious!I am there almost every weekend for their lunch buffet. Yes, it is that good!
5	My boyfriend and I went for dinner last night. I had been to the lunch buffet and it has always been alright. However, the dinner experience was wonderful.We both got combo meals, he the chicken curry and I the fish curry. The fish in the curry was salmon, which was a little unusual and not quite as good as other fish you could curry, but I was also made aware of that when I ordered. For the price we both left very full. The waitstaff was very helpful. When I ordered a "10" on the spicy scale, he asked if I wanted "American 10" or "Indian 10". After finding out that "American 10" = "Indian 5", I was steered toward the "Indian 7" which really was perfect for me. (In previous trips, we had both thought the food a touch mild, but knowing there was an Indian heat scale fixed that problem right off).It was a wonderful dinner, and I can't wait for our next trip!
5	Prices are excellent, food is EVEN BETTER. I am a vegetarian, and found the selection and quality to be just as good as Indian restaurants charging double the price. I attend a convention annually in Pittsburgh, and "People's" will definitely be on the "must visit" list for future years.
5	Love this place! The fact that it's incredibly close to home is a wonderful bonus. I'll completely stuff myself at the lunch buffet from time to time, but my real weakness is calling in an order and running down the street to pick it up. I may do this a little too often. I like to try new things every so often, but even sticking with my go-to of Chicken Curry never leaves me anything other than happy. I'm so thrilled they've stuck around during the awful construction on Penn Ave.
4	It's a travesty that I haven't written People's a review yet. I may have dined in or taken out from People's over 100 times. That is not a joke. At one point, years ago, I'm pretty sure they knew our take out order by heart. At which point, all we had to do was call and begin to order the first item and they completed the rest. So, People's is great. The staff there are super friendly and the lunch buffet is a great deal.I tend to stick to several favorites on the vegetarian menu like the Vegetable Korma, Palak Paneer, and Matar Mushrooms. Their naan is super tasty as well.
4	I have been a few times for the lunch buffet and for 9$ it was rather good. It has your Indian basics. They use chicken and lots of veggies to keep the price down but it's still very good. I also like the small dessert bar they set up. I say if you looking for a filling on the heathy side lunch this is a good place to go.
