3	This bookstore was touted in some of my pre-trip research with the admonition, "If you visit only one used bookstore in Edinburgh..."  It was decent, but not great.  It has some similarities with Dog Eared Books in San Francisco, some superficial (such as the shelving scheme and the furniture) and some more profound:  the vibe and clientele seemed what I call "utilitarian bohemian"--students and young professionals who love culture and reading but don't have the time or the pretentiousness to make it a lifestyle.  I suppose that's a lot to infer from thirty minutes in a bookstore, but it was a very distinct impression.  If this bookstore were in my neighborhood, I would be in here all time.  It's worth a half-hour browse but not a whole-afternoon lingering.They sell a large variety of books new and used, plus magazines, but the prices are probably a pound or two higher than I think reasonable.
5	Tills is a great old fashioned second hand bookshop. They have a really good film section and also stock magazines like Sight and Sound. Its tucked out of the way near the Meadows, but I suppose its reasonably close to the University for passing trade. Its reasonable enough pricewise, but be prepared to leave your backpacks at the door.
2	Before moving to university, this book shop pretty much defined what I thought student life would be like. Let me describe it to you.Slightly archaic, dark and musty but in a good way, full of old books on subjects long forgotten and academic types leafing through thier dog- eared pages. Yup, I now realise that university studies are conducted with powerpoint slides and computers, but that is pretty much exactly what Tills Bookstore is like. And it really isnt as great as I might have hoped.The atmosphere is of false intellegence, like the people who frequent it use the idea of looking smart in a second hand book store to feel smart. They really arent, especially when you see what Tills has or hasnt got to offer - a very poor range of books and those that you do want to buy are often in poor condition and bloody expensive.I am massivly dissapointed with Tills, especially when it really is what I had expected and yet so much worse. There are plenty more and better academic second hand bookshops in Edinburgh, but not quite as tantalisingly whimsicle.
3	Tills books is not lacking in the ambience of a second hand bookstore. Like the ragged, time stained pages of its second hand books, it is a suitably murky colour and has that lovely smell of old.Superficially, it's great for that feeling of urban bohemia. But when pitted against the plethora of Edinburgh's second hand book scene, it's not all that special. It's more expensive than other stores I've visisted. Not hugely so, but it's notable. And it doesn't have the edge or specialist stock that some Edinburgh bookstores offer. Although it does sell good posters, and I do like the stock it has.It's worth a nosey and I certainly wouldn't overlook it, but there are so many bookstores like this in Edinburgh that, for me, it's a bit too expensive. I would've loved this place when I was a poor student, but now I'm a full time worker and even more of a pauper without my loan, I just can't afford a number of the books out of here.
5	This bookshop can be found right at the end of the Meadows, at the bit closest to Arthur's Seat. I've been in here a few times. Mostly because I love browsing in second-hand bookshops. I'm one of those strange people who likes the smell of second-hand book pages. So, you'll generally find me opening a book midway or wherever it falls and sticking my nose right in there. Yeah, it's not a particularly good look, but as has been mentioned before, dignity and I parted ways long ago. The first time I actually went into the bookshop with an intent other than sniffing books, I went to buy my ex-boyfriend his birthday present. I'm a big fan of geeks. I mean, I like the good-looking lad, but at the end of the day, brains are always what get me. This ex is a comic book fan. I know zilch about comic books. So, I asked the kind man who worked in there and he was ever so helpful, i.e. he directed me towards the stuff that was actually good instead of the stuff that kinda just looked cool. Seriously, take your time to go to this place. Sniff some pages. Buy some good books. Chat to the man. There's plenty of stuff to do in there.
5	Tired of going to the same old Waterstones? Tired of paying a fortune for books in Blackwells? Then Till's Bookshop, an independent second hand book shop is the place for you! As someone who loves to read, and always is in the habit of looking in at independent book shops and then ending up buying books upon books I can certainly say that Till's is one of the best book shops I have been in. Just at the edge of the Meadows, Till's stores a range second hand books (ideal for students), but also stores signed books, and most recently, film posters. I have picked up a quite a few second hand books in politics for some additionally reading for my course and were very reasonable. If you want to get lost in a world of second hand books then this is the book shop to do it in, furthermore it is a shop which has been visited by some of Edinburgh's best writers including Ian Rankin!
4	If you are looking for a good book shop with a good range outside of fiction books this is certainly a winner although it isn't a poor store for fiction books.  It's best section is its biographies, notably for its music biographies - Johnny Cash, John Peel, Lennon, there's always a good amount of quality musical biographies on offer here.  Then you have the classics and they comprehensively cover the classics here.It's main area of expertise, however, are educational books.  No matter what your subject is, it is likely there is something for you here.  The range of education books is massive and they are all sorted into specific sections so it will be easy to find what you are looking for.  All in its a medium priced, but high range bookshop that really does deliver in terms of having lots of quality books.  It probably has the best quality books in Edinburgh.
3	It's really funny  David described as the essential bookshop, thats what everyone said to me before I checked it out. And when I got there, how essential was it you ask?Not very, it's just ok. You'll find books here...on shelves and someone to give money to in exchange for keeping one. I really don't get what the fuss is about.
4	If you're allergic to dust, don't even think about venturing inside Till's.A gloriously dusty secondhand bookshop, its packed floor to ceiling with bookshelves, cases and tables weighed down with old books,  graphic novels, anthologies, journals and encylopedias. For fiction lovers, there's well thumbed thrillers, mystery fiction, pulp fiction, Queer fiction, science fiction, womens fiction and African-American fiction. If you look closely, you'll also find some brilliant Scottish fiction and poetry by writers like Ali Smith, Jackie Kay, Ian Rankin and current poet laurere, Carol Ann Duffy.Non-fiction wise, there's hundreds of hardbacks covering everything from art, film and music to history, local knowledge, politics, alternative medicine and spirituality. Unusually, they also have a small but interesting selection of comic books and old movie posters. Unfortunately, I imagine they're probably as vintage (read - yellowed and strong smelling) as most of the books. Nevermind.
4	I realise there are a lot of reviews for Till's Bookshop already, but I just wanted to lend my supported and say how much I enjoy it too. This second hand book store is one of the better known in Edinburgh for a good reason. When I went in the other day I was greeted by the girl behind the desk almost immediately, before I preceded to browse in a relaxed fashion (always important in a book shop) the tall, densely packed shelves. This isn't the largest second hand shop, but it does have a great selection. In the science fiction section for example I was able to find a great number of names of classic authors that I have been meaning to catch up on for some time. They also have a extensive collection of poetry, short stories, classic fiction, screenplays, history and general nonfiction. They also have a small number of comics and (decent) graphic novels. This is a really efficient and friendly book shop that has clearly thought about its stock well. A real pleasure to peruse.
4	Actually, this place is my new favorite. I can't believe that...The books are:Actually on the shelves and not in piles (unlike other used shops).Actually quite well separated and organized (unlike other used book shops).They:Actually have used book prices (unlike other used book shops). Actually have someone who knows their shit behind the counter.There's an:Actual fireplace (which is weird for a book shop). Actually, I might bring a blanket and curl up next to the fireplace with a book here.
