5	Arghhhh, this is what my pirate one eyed kitty says!  I was one of those people who thought people were bonkers for spending tons of money at the vet, but sometimes you just have to give in.  Skullkitty was getting one of those gross bulging kitty eyes, so I took him to Carolina Veterinary Clinic, they were very friendly and professional. They have heated tables for your pets when they are coming out of sedation.   After we paid the vet my husband's response was, "do you know how many cats we could buy with that?"  But guess who is right beside him right now.  Bye for now from the crazy cat lady.
5	Simply the most caring, thorough, professional and trusted veterinary hospitals around. Dr. Watson and the entire staff is known for their dedication to going above and beyond the call of duty to ensure the best possible health for their patients. My dogs are always treated with love and compassion and I am treated with respect. They always take the time to explain all the important details of their services and make recommendations for long-term care and well-being. The facility is clean and very well maintained. Fortunately my pets have not had to have any surgery but of my friends who have they were all very pleased. I don't know what the previous reviewer (Robert M.) is referring to but I think it is horrible of him to call them a "rip off racket" - couldn't be further from the truth.
5	What a wonderful place! For Christmas they had a free open house with food and drinks for all their clients and friends. They had Santa posing for pictures with dogs, cats, kids and adults! They printed pictures on the spot and had raffle prizes with great gift baskets! Just another way they always go above and beyond for their customers. I'll be taking my dogs back in for their dental cleanings next.
5	My dog Raegan has been a patient at CVMH for 2 years. I absolutely love the care she has received here and completely trust the doctors and friendly staff.  In addition to very competent care we also enjoy the fun events held at CVMH, like the Christmas Santa pictures event. Finally, I am a big animal lover and greatly respect the work CVMH does with the big cats animal sanctuary!
5	Sorry if I sound like a broken record, but the team at CVMH keeps on delivering world class service. Just got complete dental services for Peanut and Buddy and I couldn't be more pleased. Just take a look at the before and after pictures I attached. Not only did their teeth LOOK better, I know how much this improves their overall health. The BEST part is their BREATH is like ROSES now - no kidding. They handled the anesthesia just fine - they ate their dinner after and had no problems - that's the sign of a proper procedure by the doctor. Oh, and 20% off the bill didn't hurt either (February is dental month)!
