5	Had the pepperoni Classico with my husband and son. It has fresh mozzarella, basil, pepperoni, and fresh made sauce. Crust thin, the ray I like it, but enough around the edge to savor. We also ordered the Garlic Rotoli as an appetizer. These are garlic rolls made of pizza crust and they don't disappoint!  Baked in garlic, olive oil, and Romano cheese they come out hot and ready to eat. Will return again. This place is a keeper.
4	A new to the Charlotte area chain (there is also a location at Concord Mills), I wanted to try the pizza joint that had replaced the horrid cafe that was previously in this spot at Promenade on Providence.  We have a winner!If you don't know what you are looking for, the signage can be a bit tough to see through the beautiful trees that line the sidewalks at Promenade.  It's right next to the Starbucks.  Parking is angled and if you drive an SUV you do not want to park directly in front of the restaurant - those spots are tight.  I was instantly greeted by one of the many teenage staffers.  I was a bit early for dinner, so there was a sparse crowd, but with Friday's movies and music at the shopping center, and what appeared to be a tween gathering with their parents for dinner (you had best believe when I saw that I snarfed my food, got a box for what I couldn't eat and got the hell out of there), it looked like it was going to be a busy night.   Large space, tables in the middle are a little close together, but nothing horrid.  Well decorated with the slight smell of the charcoal, but not overwhelming like some places can be.  The young lady waiting on me didn't necessarily endear herself when she told me, dining alone, that the appetizers were really for 2 or more people so I should just skip those.  Thanks, asshole, I am capable of eating what I want and taking the rest home, but I appreciate you pointing out my crippling loneliness to me.  I thought the point was to sell-up at a restaurant?  Anywhoodle, she was young, so rather than punching her in the throat, I just looked at the menu, settling on a 12" BBQ pizza.  They have three sizes of pizza - personal, 12" and 16".  My 12" specialty was $14.  But you know my motto - all pizzas are personal pizzas if you work hard and believe in yourself.  Or, if you want leftover pizza for breakfast the next day.The pizza was delicious!  Loads of cheese (mozz and cheddar), bacon and chicken, and after the waitress suggested the BBQ sauce could be a little heavy-handed, I requested light sauce, which was the perfect amount.  It was a little too black in some areas of the crust for my liking, so I just didn't eat that.  The crust wasn't amazingly flavored, but the toppings made up for that.  Solid pizza, excellent blending of items, very good!They also have wraps and sandwiches, which is really what I wanted, but their *only* side is lettuce, tomato and red onion.  Since I don't like tomatoes or red onions, that leaves my side as lettuce.  And since I am not a rabbit that really isn't a realistic option as a side.  One of their selling points is no fryers, which is cool - but how about some kind of pasta salad, potato salad, bag of chips... something other than lettuce to go with my sammich?The staff was young and friendly (though maybe should be trained a little better, you don't want to piss off fatties who dine alone who would probably be regulars).  Bathroom was clean.I was worried that the pizza would taste a little burned because of the coal oven cooking, but it was very good and not overdone on about 96% of the pizza.  The leftovers will be going into the toaster oven shortly and I will definitely go back to try their bianco pie.
1	Okay let me preface this by saying --I am from Chicago ,so to say I am a Pizza Snob is a true statement..but I do give all types and all places a fair shake. I decided to try The New Tony Saccos over at the Promenade. They do not deliver so I knew that I would have to go pick it up. I called and the website does have a download menu but there are no prices on it. I relayed my order which was for two 16 inch pies and one 12 inch pie- and a order of Rotoli's . I asked the girl for the total, she said "I have no idea - but the bartender will tell you when you pick it up"??? They told me 20 minutes, I live very close and got there in less than 15. It was very crowded, the bartender was looking for my order which they were just boxing up. He took my credit card and said...62.47!! Holy Mozzerella Batman!  That seemed like a awful lot-but me being a Pizza Snob..thought..its gonna be fantastic! I will pay anything for REALLY GOOD FOOD, so I took my boxes and left. We opened the first 16 inch it was to be a "White Pizza (no red sauce) with Bacon and Italian finger peppers. It was White, it had Jalapenos on it and Sausage. BOOOOO then the second 16 inch was a Pepperoni and Sausage, also with Italian finger peppers which were also just Jalapenos -  very few pieces of pepperoni or sausage. The third was a TRADITIONAL 12 inch, just cheese and red sauce. Well--they were all limp, crust was not good, not at all..I am very surprised it is advertised as a wood burning oven - I did not smell it when I came into the restaurant, nor taste it on the Pizza. The White sauce was okay, of course no bacon which is what my guest wanted and very few little piles of sausage - although the sausage was decent,  in a Southern world where most sausage is cut from a hard italian sausage this was loose meat. The two other pizza's were just  meh...nothing..and the Garlic Rotolis were dry and gross..a big hunk of pizza dough  twisted and baked without seasoning and served with a small salad dressing container of garlic oil and vinegar. I will not be returning to Tony's...I should have taken my friends advice and tried the new Pizza Place at Stonecrest called "TRUE" --she is from New York and knows good Pizza.. A true waste of $62.47!
4	Round #2 at Tony Sacco's was pretty consistent with my first visit.  On this go, I had the same server again, who recognized me and chatted briefly about business picking up some.  She was friendly and attentive again, keeping my drink filled.The food:Rotolis (garlic knots) - Upon ordering this, my waitress let me know that they have a smaller size of 5 knots that isn't listed on the menu.  So I ordered that with a side of the marinara.  Marinara was tasty and served smoking hot.  Rotolis arrived to the table super hot as well.  They were somewhat firm on the outside and soft and hot on the inside.  The service in the wooden bowl was a little odd, and to keep them from soaking up the butter/garlic in the bottom of the bowl, I moved them to my plate (personal preference, not a negative).  Very good!12" White pizza - Traditional white pizza with the ricotta dollops on top.  The spots were a little bigger than a quarter and not gloppy, so it was quite good.  Crust was crispy, but not hard, and there were no black spots at all on this pizza.  Once I was done, my leftovers were boxed up and I was on my way.I had about 2/3 of the pizza left over, along with 3 of the knots (I wish I had asked for some of the marinara to go with it - that was excellent!).  For reheating, I would definitely put these in the oven/toaster oven - microwave reheating makes everything soggy and not as good - but a quick trip in the oven re-heated them perfectly.I will return to try just a plain cheese pizza - and I will definitely be ordering more of the rotolis.
5	Good Pizza, great crust, nice atmosphere, staff was very helpful and considerate.  I had a thin crust BLT pizza that was really flavorful and cooked to perfection.  Super clean and modern feel to the restaurant. I will definitely return Tony Sacco's...happy they are finally in Charlotte!
5	We enjoyed the pizza here. We asked for light cheese and definitely glad to have made that request. The sauce is very tasty and we will certainly return again. The staff was very accommodating to our two year old toddler. The garlic knots were a hit too.
4	I've been really impressed with the pizza here. Consistently good over multiple visits. My favorite is the 'Capo' with pepperoni, sweet italian sausage, roasted mushrooms & caramelized onions. Mmmmm. The garlic rotolis are also good. It also doesn't hurt that they have a pretty good craft beer selection on draft & bottle. Definitely worth a try.
5	This place is amazing!!  The layout is really nice and the table tops are all granite, which makes it look gorgeous. Their menu is filled with a lot of good options!We started with the antipasto salad, which was perfect!  It had artichoke hearts, pepperoncini, sun dried tomatoes, olives, etc mixed with lettuce and it was light on the dressing which I was happy about.  We split this salad between three of us and it was plenty for a starter.We ordered the napoli and one other pizza I forget the name of.  They were both delicious.  The Napoli pizza had ricotta cheese, meatballs, basil & the traditional mozz/tomato sauce base.  This was my favorite pizza and I would definitely order this one again next time.  The crust was thin and crispy too!  The other pizza was really good - it had chicken, artichokes, peppers and some other things.  My husband liked this one the best, so we were both happy :)The service was excellent and the restaurant is very clean.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Pizza was really good. Atmosphere was very nice...much better than any other pizza place in South Charlotte.
4	Great place!  I enjoy it every time I stop in.  The food and service have always been on par!  Thanks Tony Saccos!
2	Nice layout, but it doesn't overcome a mediocre pizza.  All the vegetables on the pizza were bland. It  advertises itself as a coal oven pizza, but nothing in the flavor distinguishes from a regular oven pizza. Don't waste your money on the food.
1	Went to try this place today for the first time and it was just horrible!! First we want to order wings for appertizer and the server says "im sorry we are out of wings" ok so then my husband wants to order a Blue moon and also they were out of that! So we ordered a margherita pizza and some other items. When we get the "margherita pizza" its nothing but sauce and cheese, so we asked the server where was the basil and garlic and she said "oh we are also out of basil". She didnt even bother to let us know that before ordering, but still charged us for a margherita when really we had a plain cheese pizza. Not to mention the marinera sauce had no flavor. Why even open if you are out of everything?! Also my husband asked for a glass of water and he never got it he had to ask twice. And she brought me a second drink when we were done eating and boxing everything up! Bad experience we will not go again. By the way we were the only ones dining in.
5	Good pizza, good ambiance, full bar and nice family atmosphere. Our local pizza place. Try the margarita pizza!
5	We've never had a bad pizza here. Thursday nights are 1/1 price wine nights!   Love the bianco
3	Hopefully you have better luck that me finding this place on your first turn into the Shopping Center....hint hint it's beside the Starbucks. They have to do something about the trees that over up the sign!Anyway, enough on that let's get to the food:I shared an order of the rotolis and the Napoli pizza. The rotolis were absolutely delish! They came out hot and fresh with just the right amount of garlic and olive oil. And dipped in that marinara sauce....yummy! They are apparently not on the menu anymore but definitely ask about them because they are worth ordering! The Napoli pizza comes topped with ricotta, meatballs and tomato sauce. I enjoyed it but the crust could have been a bit crisper!I'm up for giving this place another try....I hear that BBQ Chicken Pizza is worth a second visit!
5	Went out for an impromptu date night after a stressful day from a water-damaged ceiling. Chose Tony's for its Tuesday night deals, large 2 topping pizza for $10 and $2 NC drafts. Now my girlfriend and I never, ever agree on pizza toppings. I'm a crazy throw everything on it kind of guy, whereas she is happy with just cheese or pepperoni. She went out on a limb and got Italian sausages and red and green peppers, and Tony's nailed it. Big flavorful slices of sausage, not fake nuggets you see normally, the peppers were nice and sweet and with a little roasted flavor. Things really could have gone south with peppers on there, but it was delicious. All in all, a great place for a quick date or we saw a few families eating inside as well. We chose to have our evening outside on the patio and it was very enjoyable. Oh, and I was inspired to write this after chowing down on a slice of the half pie we brought home. Who doesn't love cold pizza?!
4	The atmosphere is a back-to-basics approach to the pizzerias of the last decade which is comforting. No frills on decor but the staff was spectacular.  The wait staff was knowledgable, friendly and on the spot!  The pizza was one of the better pizzas in the entire Charlotte metro area and I will be going back many times.  Crispy, wafer thin with just the right charring....the sauce was a touch too heavy on the garlic but that didn't detract what-so-ever.
5	Great food I love the bbq chicken pizza and the ceaser salad is amazing. Great staff welcoming and polite. One of the best pizza places in charlotte.
3	I'd say closer to 3 1/2 stars. The food is pretty good but in my opinion much better places in the area. We got the Garlic Knots app which was very lacking. Hawthorne's has a much better version. The Pizza was decent and it may just be the style. I prefer Hawthorne's or Brixx in comparison. Service was nothing special. Kid's menu was typical with no juice or milk option.
5	Not much to look at but the food is amazing. The pizzas have the right amount of char and the garlic "knots" are homemade and dripping in minced garlic and butter.  The sandwiches are just right and the best part is that the prices are very reasonable.  They have a small bar and a couple of TVs. There's outdoor seating also.  The staff is friendly and attentive....one of the best pizzerias in the Charlotte are
5	This place is delicious! I have never eaten inside the restaurant, but my husband and I have ordered take out twice. We've tried both the Napoli and the pepperoni pizza. We've also tried the hummus appetizer. Everything we've had has been amazing! One thing I like about their pizza is the fact they aren't greasy like a lot of nearby restaurants. I can eat 2 or 3 slices and not have a stomachache afterwards! I highly recommend this pizzeria. Even my in-laws said it was some of the best pizza they have tasted.
5	The best pizza in Charlotte. I've eaten here 3 times now and this is the one place that I'm willing to go and pay more than the chain pizza. Why? Because it's better. For those who read my other reviews I have a big hang up on - if your going to be an independent (non-national chain) restaurant then your product should be better than the national chains in your category. Seems pretty simple but hard to pull off (apparently). For instance, I can't tell you how many Mexican Restaurants are not better than Taco Bell. If they just catered Taco Bell - put it on a plate - their food would improve! Now that is sad. Also true for Italian. Very rare to have ravioli at an Italian restaurant that is better than a can of Chef Boyardee. I'm just saying - not a very high bar ! hahaSo this is the thing - give me a reason to pay double. (or triple) If you can give me a reason I'll gladly do so. Back to Tony Saccos (enough rating for one review) - the Napoli is wonderful. I also enjoy the Pepperoni Classico. To be honest I enjoy them so much all 3 visits I've ordered the same thing. It's the gold standard.
