5	Rollover Donuts is the latest venture from Brad & Kat of Short Leash Dogs!Housed in the former Shine Coffee location, they have freshly made donuts and outstanding coffee! The coffee is amazing, and you can get anything you can think of, from a fresh drip, to salted caramel latte.  While the coffee is great, the doughnuts are the stars of the show.Try the chocolate chip cookie dough doughnut- it will knock your socks off- so wear two pairs! I also tried the chocolate iced with walnuts, and it was sooooo good.  These doughnuts are brioche based, so they are different than old school cake donuts, but in a really good way, much like fancy wood fired pizza is different than more pedestrian types of pizza.As with the other Short Leash ventures, Rollover Doughnuts has an outstanding since of community. It's really cool to be in the sixth biggest city in the country, and it feels like a small town. Brad, Kat, & Co. go out of their way to make you feel welcome and comfortable, and its a very nice touch.Long live Rollover Doughnuts, another great reason why Phoenix is a great place to be.
5	Another amazing creation from Brad and Kat! We have had a couple of different types at shortleash but we went to the grand opening today and it was awesome. We came a little late and they were almost out of everything (yay for them!).They are really unique. I was not in a donut mood today so I just got tea but because they were out of what I wanted the girl at the register gave me a thai coconut donut to go (so nice!). It was really unique. It was full of sweet and spicy. I highly recommend!
3	Meh.  The donuts rate somewhere between Dunkin on the low end and Bosa or Rainbow on the top end. I had two with a cup of coffee and it was OK; the service was very good and the coffee was freshly brewed.  There was this one hipster guy there who may be working for Rollover.  He was like a cheerleader. Maybe too many donuts? Not sure.Worth it if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way.
3	This review may not be totally fair, as we went to Rollover on opening day closer to close.... they only had one kind of doughnut left and said doughnut was probably made many many many hours earlier. Husband and I split the Thai coconut doughnut which the employee had described as coconut filled with Thai spices.... so I was thinking coconut and curry or lemongrass or cilantro or something resembling the flavors of Thai food. What I got was a spicy doughnut... coconut and crushed red pepper or cayenne or something.... it was not pleasant. The cake itself tasted good and the coconut flavor was good, but it was all obscured by the spiciness which overtook the dish. I wouldn't come back for this flavor and I would advise the employees to describe it as a spicy coconut doughnut versus Thai spiced (which I found totally misleading), but I will give them the benefit of the doubt that other flavors may be better and they also may be better when made fresh. I'll have to give them another try and report back.
5	From the reviewer who brought you a stellar review for Short Leash, comes a review for their donut/coffee shop located on Vernon. Now, I completely forgot that they took over Shine, and I was just going to go randomly grab a cup of coffee after my niece was insisting that I needed coffee, she's two years old. lol. Anyways though, parked right out front was their Short Leash Food Truck, but I wasn't really hungry just yet and was in the mood for coffee. My niece on the other hand, is always hungry, and she wasn't disappointed. I enjoyed a latte which I just told them to make me something sweet, so I wasn't 100% sure what kind it was, but it was awesome. My nieces had the maple glazed donut with candied bacon and she loved it all. They are a little pricey for their donuts, but worth it on an every now and then basis. Coffee/Lattes are priced in comparison with most of the coffee shops around here. Will stop in again, once I have a few extra bucks to spare that is. Next time, I'll have to get the "bear" donut.
2	Great space, service is great, but the doughnuts were dry, frosting was over the top sugary, and there wasn't a great selection. We had chocolate glaze on raised, pistachio orange glaze on cake, and the choc chip cookie dough glaze on cake - all had the same problems.I'm hopeful that they're just working out the kinks.  There's definitely room in Phoenix for a solid doughnut shop.
5	I loved this place when it was Shine Coffee. Now it's the same great, walkable coffee spot, plus the occasional treat. The donuts are really great - big fan of the maple-bacon donut. You know, because maple and bacon. Damn.
3	Just ok...cute atmosphere, friendly staff, but really nothing special about the donuts.  I was expecting a lot more, I guess!
5	I was hesitant about Rollover since I'd really liked Shine Coffee which was the former resident of this location. Carrying over quite a bit of the wonderfully cheerful and efficient staff, having the same great coffee and tea, and substituting great tasting doughnuts for the great tasting pastries Shine offered works for me.For the folks complaining about the variety of doughnuts, please take a look at the storefront. It's tiny! How many varieties do you think they can fit on their little counter? As for the people complaining there aren't any doughnuts left later in the day... that would be because their big doughnut business is in the beginning of the day for the breakfast crowd. A couple of doughnuts left over after sitting on the shelf in the display window at the end of the day and they're not fresh? Gee, why could that be?How about this? Show up early at Rollover, get a doughnut or two (I can personally recommend the chocolate frosted, maple glazed, and maple glazed with bacon), have a big cup of hot or iced coffee or tea, and just relax.Oh, and as a seasonal (fall) tip, try the pumpkin spice latte with a maple glazed with bacon doughnut. No need to thank me. Just enjoy this perfectly decadent combination.
4	Didn't try the donuts but grabbed a very necessary vanilla latte. Being a Seattle-ite, I'm very picky about my coffee and wasn't prepared to be blown away but the latte was very good. Smooth and not too sweet, i.e. you can actually taste the coffee as opposed to just vanilla and milk. Plus they have both indoor and outdoor seating. Nice location, not a huge parking lot but there seems to be easy access to street parking. Right across from the Heard Museum and near a light rail station. I'm really impressed at how this neighborhood has grown and will definitely be back for the coffee and to try a donut (which looked amazing!).
4	The Strawberry Glazed donut tastes like strawberry jam every bite YUM!! Went  recently coz it's slow at work plus I had a hankering for coffee, and starbucks gets lame, the coffee at the market downstairs, although fresh and cheap is not delicious, so, Rollover sounded like a good place for coffee and a sweet treat. I have to say although I'm not a big fan of brioche donuts (more of a cake donut fan), their flavors are on point. Albeit pricey for specialty donuts at $2.25/piece and the regular donuts at a little less than 2 but their baker's dozen comes out to $14, so, not bad. I like they have a good selection of coffee and carry alternative milks, like soy and almond although there is a 50 cent upcharge but no big. Will I go back? Yes, and next time I'm gonna try the maple glaze with bacon, the other specialties just sound too weird for my taste like the Bear which is bbq sauce and pb, say what?! Anywho, try out the goodness!
5	I love this place --- right near the Art Museum and the Heard Museum --- makes for a great day out.The location is hard to find if you are travelling North on Central (Phoenix does some odd things in this neck of the woods) --- need to do a U turn at Virginia or ThomasFave = spicy Thai coconut donuts  (amaaazing!)Weekly specials are fun ---- Really --- you can't miss with theseand ...When these donuts are fresh they are unbelievable ---
