4	The second best Chinese restaurant in Madison according to me, the first being Wah Kee Noodles. This place does both Americanized Chinese food and real Chinese food, and both are good. The real Chinese menu is right next to the English menu, and it does have English translations of all the dishes. Particularly interesting is the Pork with Hot Garlic Sauce, also known as Szechuan Pork, because it is the most authentic I have had in any city besides Los Angeles, from a Shanghai-nese point of view. But who cares about that, it's all good.
2	Their dumplings are great. But everything else tastes like something you could find in the freezer section at the grocery store. Not to mention we waited over 30 minutes for our to-go order. I would understand if it was really busy or something but we were the only ones there.
5	Great Chinese take out place. Dine in is also available. It will take less than 10 min to get your order ready. Great General Tso chicken, seafood dishes are great also. The best in town!
4	Pretty much what you could expect from an American Chinese takeout place that is located within a strip mall. Food is nothing exceptional but I must commend the cleanliness of the restaurant, including the restrooms. The dinning area is spacious, well-ordered and comfortable. Although, the space seemed a little bit depressed late a night with the florescent lighting.
1	I ordered online and specifically made a note to them that I had a severe peanut allergy and to please not poison me. My dish was fine but they did not realize that the egg rolls are fried in peanut oil and were part of my order. Allergies are not something to mess around with and it ruined my night, being that I was knocked out on Benedryl after my lips and cheeks started to swell. I will not order here again, which is a shame because the food was alright until I started getting sick.
5	We liked this place better than Chang Jiang and Lee's Garden. It's reasonably priced, good, fast delivery, has orange chicken with a little kick and just over all nice folks and good service.We will definitely order from here again.
1	This was a delivery that I ordered. It took 40 minutes for our order and the food was below par.The pancakes for my moo shu were like paper.The actual moo shu was average. It was disappointing to say the least. I will not be ordering from here again.
4	Decent Chinese takeout or delivery in Middleton.My Kung Pow was as spicy as they told me it would be (YEAH), all the meals were labeled and equally as described in the online menu.Friendly phone demeanor, would definitely call again from work next time we are all craving Chinese.Extra star for phone, delivery speed and extra veggies in my bowl!
3	Fast, fresh and quiet would describe our dining experience. We were looking for a new place to try in the area and stumbled upon this place because they had lunch specials. For $10 plus tax - we both got to eat fried rice, an entree, and two ragoons. And the food was out in less than 10 minutes!I had the orange chicken and you could tell that it was just fried n steaming. The crust was flaky n the chicken tender. The orange sauce was also sweet and savory. My partner had the chicken and broccoli which she said was high quality with a heavier sauce then she is used to. The fried rice was unlike we had ever had. It was dark with cabbage, white chicken, and green onions. It was pretty good.Then the ragoons were mainly cream cheese and very good. The restaurant was very quiet (no music) and there was a little girl at another table doing her homework. A pretty laid back environment. Overall a very satisfying dine-in experience. We would definitely come back.
1	I ordered the curry veggie-chicken and it was oily and flavorless. I asked for chili sauce with it and I got oily pepper paste that didn't add much spice to the dish.Very typical small-town American-style Chinese food. Do not recommend.
1	We've waited for more than an hour before the first dish. what's worse, people who came later than us were served earlier. And they didn't tell us they were running out of dumplings until we waited for more than an hour.
1	New Management?I'm not sure what is going on with this place, but it used to be awesome.I went there the other day and it was totally different in bad way.....I ordered my usual General Tao Chicken for Carry OutI couldn't understand the person on the phone but I thought I heard 30mins!I was right, i showed up in 15, and waited another 20 mins for a single order.....I thought it would be worth the wait but it wasn't.......They couldn't provide a receipt either, and took an extra 5 mins figuring that out to then tell me, sorry we can't provide a receipt.When I got home I was even more disappointed to find no egg roll, (which is supposed to come with the combo meal, according to every Chinese menu)Instead it came with a tiny soggy Crab Rangoon that tasted horrible.Even worse was the meal that was half the portion size it used to be and all the nasty ends of chicken that were burnt. I've had better at happy wok through the drive through.....Never going here again and I suggest you do the same!
