4	The day before my exam I made an appointment to get a massage.  Basically, to relieve any tension.Kristin is very accommodating, as far as scheduling goes.  When I arrived, I was greeted by a nice receptionist, who took me to the back waiting area.  It was dark but very calm, zen like waiting area.  There was this hot cocoa machine where you can add froth your cocoa, but the machine makes this loud sound when the button is pressed.  I tried it and got scared because of the loudness but turned it off as quickly as I turned it on.  There were snacks too.  One of the best waiting room at a spa/salon I have encountered.When Kristin arrived, she was very friendly.  We got right to the massage.  I asked for deep-tissue, and that is what I got.The next day, I was very sore, which means that Kristin did a great job massaging my tensed body. The only thing is that a bottle of water wasn't offered to me, in which typically, it is at other places that I have been.Kristin also does facial and wax as well.  It is located inside Liaisons Salon & Spa on Green Valley PKWY, sandwiched between Layers Bakery Cafe and Subways.
5	Kristin is great! I had never had a facial before and decided to try Kristin because she offered a Yelp coupon. She did a great job and was super friendly. The room was dark and relaxing. I enjoyed the experience and my skin felt great afterwards. I liked it so much that I booked my next appointment on my way out.  I also like the fact that you can book appointments right on her website. Kristin is very knowledgable about skin care and products but does not pressure you into buying anything. Go see Kristin, you won't regret it!
5	Last week was so busy at work. I needed a break. I kept saying to my friends on Facebook and Twitter , " I need a massage".  I always say this and have never had a professional massage in my life! I got a tip from a friend of mine that I should look here on Yelp to find a good place near by.   I want to thank all my fellow Yelpers who posted great reviews for Kristin Malone Spa  Therapy! You guys know your stuff! I booked online on Friday afternoon. It was easy. I followed the link posted here on Yelp and went right to her website. I booked quickly and easily. I was sent a reminder email and made sure to put it on my Google Calendar to remind me a lil bit before hand on Sat. Morning so I could wake up on time.  The location is right across the way from where I live so it already gets a star for that. When you walk in, everything is calm and clean. The lady at the front desk was very nice and professional. She had me fill out a short form asking me what kind of stress i was having and what kind of massage I like. There was even a box to tick if it was my first massage. I made sure to tick that box.    I was taken to the back of the full- service salon ( hair, nails ect..) and there was Kristin. She was very pleasant to meet. She was up-beat, but not  overboard and very informative. She explained what would happen and left the room for me to undress.    It was so nice and warm in the room. There were  a good amount of mood -setting candles light, and soft music playing. The massage table was amazingly comfortable too. I got under the blanket and I could have fallen asleep.    Kristen came in and explained the procedure for my Swedish massage. She also let me know that I could ask for more or less pressure at any time. She let me know she's been doing this for 13 years. Oh boy, was she awesome! Her hands were like a blessing to my tense muscles.   Soon i was in the zone.   It was amazing and I loved it so much!   When my hour was over, I reluctantly got dressed and paid my fee.   I booked again for a future appointment and walked out feeling fabulous.  I recommend coming here to anyone that lives in the area .  I had passed this little gem dozens of times since it's been at the shopping center by my house. Its right across from Target next door to Subway, but you would never know, because it's very quiet inside.
5	She was wonderul.  Going to book a facial and a massage.
5	Kristen is amazing! Best facial I've ever had!I go to Kristen once a month for my facials. I have to say, my skin has significantly been improving and I'm getting fewer breakouts then before. I love how Kristin takes the time find out exactly what results I'm looking for, and then customizes a facial that is best for my skin type. If you have acne problems or just want to keep your skin looking healthy, I highly recommend Kristin! She also gives amazing massages :-)
3	This definitely wasn't the most relaxing facial I've had, but Kristin was super nice and tried to create as relaxing an environment as possible in the midst of a busy salon. Surprisingly you don't hear a ton of noise from the salon itself. The massage portion of the facial was awesome, but the facial itself didn't exactly leave my skin glowing and I'm dismayed to note that I have still have hyperpigmented areas weeks later from the extractions (which were pretty painful). Can't say I'd be back, but its a reasonably priced facial with a super nice estetician.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Kristin! I discovered Kristin via a Groupon deal that she had for $35 for either a facial or a massage so I decided to give it a try. She is so amazing with her facials which are customized to your skin type and really leave you feeling all nice, clean and smooth and she takes so much time massaging all the products in your face for maximum results. I have really weird sensitive skin that does get congested if I don't get a facial every couple of months or so and with Kristin my skin looks amazing and fresh. The facial always include a neck and shoulder massage which she really does take her time on. I've also had a full massage with Kristin and I feel so light and relaxed after that. She has a great package on her website for a massage and a facial which does end up saving you a little money. I loved Kristin so much that I bought my mom a massage and facial package too and even she's hooked. Her appointments do go fast but usually scheduling a week or so ahead has never been a problem for me sometimes if you keep checking you might find an appointment for sooner too. I will never let anyone else touch my face ever again. Kristin has my business for as long as I live in this city.
