1	Dr. Kang is the greatest! I have been seeing her for about a year now and I absolutely love her. She is not only excellent at what she does, but she is a genuinely nice person. I always look forward to my appointments... well not the blood work. That being said... the reason for the 1 star is all because of her office. I have NEVER called the office and waited less then 15 minutes on hold. The office is short, rude, and doesn't want to actually work. My other complaint is how long it takes to be seen. The office called to reschedule less then a week before me appointment because the doctor no longer works Mondays. Well the earliest they could get me in was 52 days later! I am suppose to see the Dr. ever 3 months and that would put me at almost 6 months between visits. I explained this and they said that the dr is very busy and they could do nothing. I LOVE Dr. Kang but because of her office staff and her work load I have to find a new Dr. :(
5	Dr. Vadikuti is best !She is very knowledgeable, nice and truly cares about her patients.  She is a real advocate for her patients.  She doesn't rush through her appointments.The office staff are nice and friendly as well.  If you ever find a need for an Endocrinologist this is the place you want to be.
1	I have had 2 appointments with Dr. Dolinar. Neither have been great, but this one warranted a review. I have been a type 1 Diabetic for about 8 years, so I know the in's and out's of the disease. I have never been treated so poorly in my life by a professional. I was told that my major in college doesn't appear to be a good fit with me, and was belittled to the point of tears. He didn't address any of my concerns and reason for seeking medical care either time of visiting him. I came in initially due to a new medication making me very, very ill; and was told I would have to come back in 6 weeks. I came back, and nothing. Didn't address any concerns of mine, or ask if anything has changed since last time. He continued to 'encourage' me to buy a book, that he happened to write, and that was it. Very disappointed and won't be coming back.
5	I'm new in-state, am straight Medicare for insurance (which usually means longer waits for Appts etc.)... That said, I was offered an appt the next week! I couldn't  make it, so they slotted me in for about 3 weeks out. We arranged for my old records to be sent by phone, before my appt, and to get labs done in advance. Everything worked like well-tuned clockwork, Dr. Dorvetti was extremely thorough, and I received my reminders by both email and a voicemail message... That's all I expected and more... I'll be making the drive from Surprise to Glendale, despite the first two reviewers comments... Still, I value their input and will update you after my next appt...
